MARCH 1947 RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH

Hi..

A PAGE from the FLAME FAMILY SCRAPBOOK

SPEEDY FLAME and his brothbroiling... automatic oven heat control for

ers of the Flame Family offer "surefire"success in baking and roasting you exciting new freedom! Free-... a cool kitchen... lifetime economy.

dom from unnecessary effort These are just the highlights. Get full par-... from cooking disappointments, refrigticulars from us or your appliance dealer. See

erator noise and hot water shortages.

beautiful new models on display.

Such troubles become just memories..

CO. when you have an automatic "CP"gas MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY

Serving twentysix Utah and Wyoming Communities range, silent gas refrigerator and selfoper- ating gas water heater of ample capacity..

installed in a New Freedom, stepsaving kitchen, as illustrated above.

The West Prefers Here's how the Gas Flame Quints simplify your cooking: They bring you instant

heat, instantly adjustable to any degree for perfect results... flameperfect, smokeless

QUICK CLEAN DEPENDABLE FLEXIBLE ECONOMICAL.

a UMIIIilllD'W

......::, \A.MlNIVERSP.....tf.

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

'T'he French writer MarieHenri

Beyle, known commonly under the name of Stendhal, wrote under sixtytwo known pseudonyms.

'Mj'oah Webster, known in our day for his dictionary, was also the author of a speller. Harry N. Warfel,

Webster's biographer, has estimated that nearly one hundred million copies were sold before the speller went out of use, an important influence in making the American language uniform.

A new photoflash bulb filled with the noble gas xenon will last for ten thousand exposures. Batteries and

electronic controls can be carried in a case slung over the shoulder.

Tf an epileptic has a child, the chance that the child will be epileptic is only one in forty, Dr. W. G. Lennox has

found, in a study of two thousand cases.

The disease is not directly inherited, though the tendency may be passed on.

.* "Cor convenience of babies traveling by automobile, a new electric bottle is being manufactured. The bottle is

stored in an insulated box with ice cubes. To warm for baby's use, the

electrical socket in the automobile's dashboard is connected to a heating element sealed in a pyrex tube running into the bottle through a special rubber cap.

Crunchy crisp Saltines are tender, 'T'he latest measurements of gold in salty and delightful to bite into.

sea water find there are about with their fresh flakiness.. espeseventy-three pounds in a cubic mile or

about $68,000.00 worth. cially when spread with tart jelly,

olorbandingthe Great SaltofLakeyoungbyseaDr.gullsA. M.at BARRL forschooldessert,snacks.withThey'resoup nourishing,and afterWoodbury, Dr. W. H. Behle, and J. QUIZ! >

W. Sugden, has been carried on for too, for ALL the family!

four years. Of the over fortyfour hundred marked, seventyone have been

observed in Pacific Coast states, two in

British Columbia, two in Lower California, thirteen in Utah, three in Idaho, and one in New Mexico. The young

gulls began to move as soon as they could leave their parents, most of them reaching the coast in late summer. In

general they do not return inland until after three years when they are mature, but when they do return to breed, it is not necessarily to their birthplace colony. PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY SALT I A X*

MARCH 1947 129 Jhe Lcover TWOfor greatyouthprogramswere QnipTeineiiFka initiated twentyfive years ago through the MARCH 1947 VOLUME 50, NO. 3 Mutual Improvement

Associations of the "THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"acChurch. Through

tivity and lesson work Official Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement 1 the young men and Associations, Department of Education, Music Committee, Ward <mim women,M Men whoand areGleaners,called Teachers, and Other AgenciesLatterdayof theSaintsChurch of Jesus Christ of are encouraged to live purposefully and happily. In their joint and -x

separate programs * they mature into wellintegrated adulthood.

further Jhe traitor 3 Jaaiie To honor them appears an article on Your Good Name George Albert Smith 139 Change of Address: this issue, 142 of page

and on page 131 a speFifteen days'notice recial letter from the quired for change of adGleaner committee is written for the GleanChurch J-eatvirei dress. When ordering a

include please change, ers the of Church. III Desert 140 A. Widtsoe John Was How Tamed—Part slip from address a cover The was deSilver Jubilee MenGleaner The Mthe signed and executed of the recent issue magaGiles 142 and D. Larson Helena John W. Keith by Montague zine. Address changes Smith County, in Chenango Joseph York New Goff and Dowding.

cannot unless - be made Francis 149 Kirkham W.

Deseret Gold—A Historical Sketch of Pioneer Money the old address as well as

Leslie L Sudweeks 150 the new one is included.

Dear Gleaner: 131 NoLiquor-Tobacco Column....l71

March in Church History 132 Ward Teaching 173

Editorial Executive and Genealogy: Book of RememEditors 158 Church Moves The On Offices: 174 brance Winner Albert George Smith: 1 70 Priesthood Melchizedek Genealogical Stone Walls, John A. Widtsoe North Street, 50 Main 172 174 Aaronic Olsen Eugene

Managing Editor Salt Lake City 1, Utah.

Richard L. Evans S>pedal Jeealum5it Copyrighttual Funds, 1947Inc., bya CorMu-

Assistant Managing poration of the Young Editor Range Lands: A Great Resource in Alberta ImproveMen's Mutual Doyle L. Green George Stewart 146

of the ment Association Practical L. Peace Treaty Royal Brown 148

of Jesus Christ of Pictures 153 Church Associate Editor ATeaching Bennion With Lynn M

Marba C. Josephson The Spoken Word from Temple Square...Richard L. Evans 156 Latterday Saints. All

General Manager Let's Talk It Over Mary Brentnall 161 rights reserved. Subscription year, a price, $2.00 the Universe, George Q. Morris Exploring FrankHoming: Time is My Partner,

in advance; single 20c lin S. Harris, 129 Jr 162 Helen S.Neal

Associate Manager These Times, G. Homer Dur-

1 34 Safety Week 162 copy. ham Lucy G. Cannon

Conversation Can Be Fun, Cook's Corner, Josephine B. Entered at the Post

Business Manager Evelyn Wooster Viner 135 Nichols 163 Office, Salt Lake City, the Bookrack John D. Giles On 136 Handy Hints 164 Utah, as secondclass Hints to Prospective Sensible

Editorial Associates Farmers, Anton G. Winkel..l38 Your Page and Ours 192 matter. Acceptance for

mailing at special rate of Elizabeth J. Moffitt

Albert L Zobell, Jr. postage provided for in

Harold Lundstrom (L*ditonaid section 1 103, Act of October 1917, authorized

National Advertising Conference Notice 160 July 2, 1918.

Representatives Charles A, Calks John A* Widtsoe 160

Francis M. Mayo, Welcome (Doyle L* Green) John A* Widtsoe 160 The Improvement Era

Salt Lake City is not responsible for unEdward S. Townsend, solicited manuscripts, but

San Francisco and Stories, welcomes contributions. Los Angeles J-oetry

Dougan and Bolle, Chicago and Hole in the Rock—Chapter HI Anna Prince Redd 144

New York A Beautiful Day Maydene Brown Bodell 152 All manuscripts must be

Black Hawk (A True Short Story) J* N, Washburn 154 accompanied by suffiMember, Audit Bureau of Where Man Sows, Ruby ZaHavens, Ouida Johns 151 cient postage for delivery

Circulations goren 131 poetry Page...: 155 and return.

Frontispiece: Early March 137 Firgt L pj 'd T Wood 173 Courtney Cottam

My Palace, Eva G. Brown 148 CltY Children, Dott J. Sarton..l86

130 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA will laugh together over the demure dresses and the swathed hair styles. Twentyfive years from now perhaps THERE'S A

astonished at TRIP.—youras you showdaughtersthem willthe picturesbe of today

your "upsweep"or amused at your "awfully short skirts."Or maybe they'll

be wearing them themselves! Who

knows? But all of your mothers, you,

your future daughters will be part of the Gleaner tradition.

That is what the "Gleaner"part of our salutation means—the Gleaner

tradition. And the "Dear."That, too,

makes us pause. Perhaps we're getting

(DsLCUt, 'Skmwv: a little sentimental, but you seem very,

very special to us. Knowing you individually or in groups gives us a genuine lift. We see life at its fullest and

best when we think of you. You are to

birthday! It may us, indeed, "Dear Gleaners."We wantseem strangeH.appyto be congratulated this column to be worthy of you, and

on your twentyfifth birthday when so we are asking some of the finest "arrived,"so of but just few you have (it's to choose hard we women know—celebrates the theas whole Church per- )—and many because know so we

establishment of Zion in the Utah haps we'll ask an M Man too—to write

mountains one hundred years ago, so all you, personally, each month in this rejoice in the beginningsGleaners for of column. Look

twentyfive years back."Gleanerdom"this issue—yourit be And own letter. it everyyear—may

fun, encouragement, of wonderful—full felt this lucky We have year—overjoy. happy, happy, accomplishment, A for special treatsflowing with you. Our

song, "Sing Glad Heart,"by Vilate anniversary year!

Raile and Florence Madsen is a conWith love,stant joy to us. We are truly proud of

it. We hope you all have a copy of the

1947 sheaf. It is lovely as a picture for

J ffr<>M!either your wall or desk. "A Gleaner

of the Latterdays,"the playlet by There's no reason to delay

Luacine Clark Fox, is another of our that trip you've wanted treasured offerings. Our new bulletin, to take. With Western

which outlines plans for the year, is Pacific the future is now.

now in the hands of your leaders. Findout what is in store for you in 1947! And WP. travelers are

enjoying service that in also, has joined with us Era, The the finest to measures up this gift First, giving. cover theour on Your Gleaner Committee traditions of American Itissue: a to out months took work

design which we all felt was "right"- rail travel.

formal enough for so great an occasion, When you go West go simple enough for youth, symbolical Western Pacific,.the direct

enough to please the poetic—and so WHERE MAN SOWS route to San Francisco.

real that each of you would be able to For information call see yourself in that fresh Gleaner look By Ruby Zagoren H. R. COULAM, General Agent

find in that ideals Gleaner your Street 48 South Main—and

issheaf of wheat. you! cover The Then 'HPhis earth is hallowed Phone 4-6551

time and hope sows man Where is givingthe and Era you M Men

In rich, furrows. moist article storyGleaner on page the142—the

his to the seed quickened bends head While Finalhopes.of your background and

ly, we give you this column, "Dear With a mother's tender concern for her

Gleaner."newborn,

His eyes see beyond the seed, That simple salutation is packed with Beyond the clean brown stain meaning. To be a Gleaner has special On his hands, into skies.

significance. You now have a real There is something intimate in the feel of

heritage. Perhaps some of your mothsoil

ers were Gleaners. Perhaps some of That gives assurance of the hoped for;

your daughters will be Gleaners. What That relates man to his heavenly source,

wonderful memories will belong to all That endows him with spiritual wealth.

of you! We hope you who have The man who works the soil knowsGleaner mothers will ask them about Association with divinity, WESTERN

old Gleaner days—what they did, what For he contributes to the earth's fulfilment.

they wore, how they felt. Ask them to Labor with earth is proud.show you their pictures. Perhaps you It is God's wisdom blessing man. PACIFIC

MARCH 194/ 131 A post office was established in 'amI GreatThe SaltIcariansLake arrivedCity, Marchat Nauvoo,1849.

..,. How to make a IN CHURCH HISTORY theIllinois,ruinsin ofMarchthe Nauvoo1849, andTemple,bought

revelation relative to the gifts which had been destroyed by fire.

reputation as a cook! of the Holy Ghost was given They desired to rebuild the temple

March 8, 1831. (D.6C.46.) to be used as a school. AOn the same day John Whitmer The first public meeting was held

was called by revelation to be on Salt Lake City's Temple Square,

Church historian. Sunday, March 25, 1849.

The order of the Lord in relation A branch of the Church was orto the poor was revealed in March ganized at Ogden, Utah, March 5, 1832. (D. &C. 78.) 1850, with Lorin Farr as president.

The first First Presidency was orColonel Thomas L. Kane delivganized March 18, 1835, with Sidney ered his famous lecture on the "MorRigdon and Frederick G. Williams mons"before the Historical Society

as counselors to the Prophet. of Pennsylvania, at Philadelphia,

( D. March 26, 1850. Everyone likes rich, succuThe revelation on priesthood

lent noodles, steaming with 6 C. 107) was received March 28, A company of settlers for souththe aroma of delicious 1835. ern California was organized for

chicken or turkey—but it is The Kirtland Temple was deditraveling, at Payson, Utah, March

quite an art—and also quite cated March 27, 1836. 24, 1851, and commenced their

a task—when you make your Sections 121, 122, and 123 of, the journey the same day under the

own. Doctrine and Covenants were represidency of Apostle Amasa M.

ceived by the Prophet in March 1 839 Lyman and Charles C. Rich.

So the next time you want while at Liberty Jail. A site for a city at San Bernardino

a hit your to with make the Saints in Calisurveyed by free giving ordinance, was A city just of cooking, a jar open 1852. all fornia to in March toleration equal privileges and

religious sects and denominations in The residents of Great Salt Lake

Nauvoo, was passed by the city City and settlements to the north, their homes, to abandon decided 1, 1841. March TURKEY & NOODLES council, to move 1858, and Relief SoMarch 21, March 17, 1842—The isI

If you happen to prefer ciety was organized at Nauvoo. "south,"against the approach of

chicken to turkey in your March 11, 1844—Joseph Smith Johnston's army.

noodles—LYNDEN is ready and the leading authorities of the The Salt Lake Theater was dedifor you with Church held one of many meetings cated March 6, 1862.

at Nauvoo, relative to the Saints'A grand celebration on the occamoving to the mountains. sion of the reinauguration of PresiAt a council held at Apostle dent Abraham Lincoln, was held in

CHICKEN & NOODLES Parley P. Pratt's camp, near the Great Salt Lake City March 4, 1865.

And while we're talking east fork of Shoal Creek, the camps The Deseret Telegraph Comturkey—and chicken—you'll of the Saints were perfectly organpany, incorporated January 18, 1867,

learn to depend on those ized March 27, 1846. Brigham was organized March 21, 1867, with

great teammates—Young was elected president over Brigham Young as president.

all the "Camps of Israel."The Utah Central Railway comLYHDEN Sliced CHICKEN The Great Salt Lake City fort pany was organized, with Brigham

and contained 423 houses and 1,671 souls Young as president, March 8, 1869.

office was LYNDEN Boned TURKEY in March 1848. The adjoining farm- A United States land ing field consisted of 5,133 acres of opened in Salt Lake City, March 8,

The dishes you can prepareland, of which 875 acres were sown 1869.

easily quickly and—front with winter wheat. The University of Deseret was

will products insure LYNDEN your reputation as a good cook Provo, Utah valley, Utah, was opened in the Council House, Salt—and be a treat to family or settled in March 1849. Lake City, March 8, 1869.

guests.

LYNDiN CANNING KITCHENS -sketch by Joseph A. F. Everett

132 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA When You Come to the General Conference

This Utah Centennial Year—

... buy the books that will help you to know the great pioneer personalities... to understand the motives and the superb faith that prompted

the epochal founding of the Intermountain Empire. Among scores of

these valuable books are

ADVENTURE: PIONEER PERSONALITIES:

LIFE AND TRAVELS OF PARLEY JOSEPH SMITHby PrestonTHENibleyPROPHET..$3.00 P. PRATT $2.50 JOSEPH THE PROPHET $1.50

THREE MORMON CLASSICS...$2.50 by Daryl Chase

....$2.50 AMERICA WESTWARD.....$5.00 HISTORY OF byJOSEPHHis MotherSMITH

R. Driggs by Howard

BRIGHAM YOUNG, THE MAN STORIES UTAH INDIAN $2.50 $2.25 AND HIS WORK R. Hunter by Milton by Preston Nibley

FAITHPROMOTING STORIES...$1.00 BRIGHAM YOUNG THE

THE EXODUS OF MODERN COLONIZERby Milton R. Hunter $3.00

ISRAEL $1.00 DISCOURSES OF BRIGHAM

YOUNG $2.50

THEIR MOTIVATION: compiled by John A. Widtsoe

DANIEL H. WELLS $2.50 PROPHECIES OF JOSEPH SMITH by B. S. Hinckley

AND THEIR FULFILMENT $1.50 LIFE OF HEBER C. KIMBALL....$3.00

THE GOSPEL by Orson F. Whitney....$2.75 $1.00 SWEET LOVE REMEMBERED byL B. H. Roberts Cortez Stafford by Helen

HANDBOOK OF THE RESTORALIFE OF JOSEPH F. SMITH $2.50

TION $2.50 by Joseph Fielding Smith

WITNESSES THE OF BOOK OF RELIGIONS IN THE WORLD $2.25 $2.00 MORMON MORMONISM LIGHT OF Preston Nibley by

Thomas C. Romney by

UTAH, THE STORY OF HER FOR THE CHILDREN YOUTH: AND PEOPLE

$1.50 BEN BOY THE WAGON by Milton..: R. Hunter $2.75

R....Driggs by Howard

ADDED UPON $1.25 DENNIS AND THE MORMON by Nephi Anderson BATTALION A VOICE FROM THE DUST $3.00 by Mabel.S. Harmer.$2.00

PIONEERS..$2.00 $1.00 STORY OF THE MORMON KEY TO THEOLOGY

S. Harmer by Mabel by Parley P. Pratt

..$1.25 ORSON PRATT'S WORKS $2.50 - FROM PLOWBOYby Wm.TOA. PROPHETMorton

..$1.75 STORIES PAHUTE INDIAN $1.25 TIMES THE SIGNS OF by William R. Palmer Fielding Smith Joseph by MUSICAL ADVENTURES

THINGS.$1.75 RHYTHM FUN ALL RESTORATION $1.25 OF by Moiselle Renstrom.....$1.00 Fielding Smith by Joseph

MY PICTURE BOOK OF SONGS....$2.50 AN UNDERSTANDABLE Gay, Colorful, New

$2.00 RELIGION

...$1.75 $1.50 YOUTHSTORY TOANDTELLTHE CHURCH by John A. Widtsoe

6. Lee by Harold

IN THE GOSPEL NET $1.75 SHORT HISTORY OF THE CHURCH.....75

by John A. Widtsoe TRUTH SEEKER AND MORMONISM....$1.00

DESERET'The BookBOOKCenter of the IntermountainCOMPANYWest"44 East South Temple St. P. O. Box 958 Salt Lake City 10, Utah

Please send books as indicated above. Herewith $.

To Address.

Name City State

MARCH 1947 133 o.

luiiiiiiiiiiioiiiiiiimoimmminiiiiiiiiimuiii

You Can Do THESUlSiS OneSixth By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM tional government in 1947 will be 1,250

total entire the the cost of will cost Nations, which of a College Course Director ofUniversitythe Instituteof ofUtahGovernment, timesUnited we '"Phe year ahead may witness the bear to the extent of about forty perof total Nations percent the United Before Autumn treatiesnegotiationof World ofWartheII. finalDiscussionspeace cent. On the other hand, about eighty States in the spent United purse will be

the ratifications of growing out and lubricate thus taking economic our maand advantage By trithe will negotiations probably mark the individual of In to chine. the spring comparison sumand

treaties that of underlie centennial the fiftyfive nathe of of quarters budgets at Brigham many mer of state the modern system—those its the tions membership, comprising University you Young bitthe 1648. Concluding Westphalia,

will a dwarf. be Nations budget United twothirds complete can of ter Years'the Thirty Peace War, Philadelphia York, Chicago, and of beacademic year New an formal the marks Westphalia (1648)

will garbage and spend each on is more fore This oneautumn. state. of national the modern emergence

entire world the disposal than refuse sixth of entire college an of doing, Westphalia the In so Peace organin international investing will be course. at the of claims rejected papacy any

Either new or advanced Rome to intervene in the internal affairs ization.

students may enter the of the rising national states of Western Touring the war years, 19411945, the

Church university at the Europe. Modern public law, accordpeople of Utah, through their state

beginning of any term, ingly, may be said to commence formalgovernment, spent more on old age asand may use its broad, ly with the peace treaties of 1648, and sistance and public relief than the enyear-i$>und study opporformal recognition of the doctrine of tire United Nations will spend in 1947.

tunities to prepare more "national sovereignty."Accordingly, it will be something of a

for in the quickly success if less Nations, with the United will miracle of settlements 1948 peace HPhe their fields of choice. cruiser, light price than the of a good national recognize to the continue

can provide the "influence"over milistate and its "sovereignty,"but they nations of separate budgets now Quarter Spring will of a tary within the framework emerge fifty billion mark. the hovering around

structure. international secular, 22 to June 3 new, March of is the the that bulk of Yet, hope

treaties, agreements, the wars, From in public as law evidenced mankind, interconferences, conventions, and accepting membership Summer Quarter national agencies of three centuries has arrangements

June 10 to August 23 emerged the entity known as the and responsibilities in the new inter- "United Nations."national society. It may be, to speak

whimsically, Nations that the United will a factor be Nations United For Information, Address the The faith, hope, will and to survive on have times. of in the life of these much How

munifiRockefeller's charity! D. John ADMISSIONS COMMITTEE factor? a

( gift to charitable amounting cent some

TThe answer to the above question eight million dollars for a New York may, perhaps, best be analyzed by skyscraper home for the organization) demonstrates a healthy measure of all Nations'1947 the United comparing l/Driaham\ayiam, i/joviviaU three! the existing "diet"of "diet"with the

diet states. national A government's

its withInstitutions do not live budget.

budget of the American na- u, out funds. The amount of money a govis "VVThatTheportends? itv tional government dwarfed by most was often determines has to spend ernment PROVO, UTAH at thirteen states of the first. John Jay influence that govof the strength and

the justiceship the chief ofIIIIIIIIC3IIi!!miillC3IIIIIIIIIIIIE3lllllll!IIIIE31lllllllllll ernment. resigned

1795 Court in United States Supreme "pOR 1947 it has been proposed that the to take a chance on being elected govUnited Nations be given a budget ernor of New York! It took one hunof approximately $23,790,000. This, dred twentyfour years for the common

for the agency representing fiftyfive federal government to gain the strength,.. nations, amounts to.0008 percent of the measured by expenditures, of the comWE OFFER thirty billions reliably estimated as the bined state governments. The shift

A COMPLETE lowest mean budget figure for the (discounting war years) took place

ENGRAVING SERVICE United States during the comparable about 1913.

From Missionary Portraits to the Largest period. It is perhaps true that the Where will the United Nations be

Catalogues United States, with five percent of the in one hundred twentyfour years? In

world's population, enjoys fifty percent 2071 A.D.? Will it be long forgotten?

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention of the world's income, and that, withOr does it contain the secrets of sound measure, but growth, slow sure, in good of rebuilding Chicago, out the burden CO. ENGRAVING UTAH charter of like the great areas American or other York, bombedout St. Salt Lake City, Utah New 113 Regent

as is true elsewhere. It is also true that 1789? We may be able to perceive an

the expenditures of the American nainkling of the trend in 1947.

134 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA - EVER CONVERSATION BETTER VALUE IN BETTERTHAN

By EVELYN WOOSTER VINER PASCO PAINTS!

can beThebeautifulEnglishor quitelanguagethe opposite according to its use or misuse.

Anna Hempstead Branch, in one of her poems, tells us of its beauty.

She says:

My mother has the prettiest trick

Of words and words and words;

Her voice comes out as smooth and slick

As breasts of singing birds.

Beautiful, expressive English may come naturally to some, but it is an accomplishment that can be acquired by anyone who has the desire. Conversation is an art which regrettably

few care to cultivate in our fastglossy,moving age. New Pabco Floor Enamel...The

A nationwide drive for better conextra- durable enamel finish for interior floors and steps of wood, cement, linoleum and comversation should aid in decreasing drunkenness. I venture to say that position. The ideal finish also for other interior

there is no more mental and physical woodwork, dado walls, furniture, metal equipstimulation than in a vivid, joyous ment and machinery. Waterproof! Scuffproof!

matching of wits. Stands continuous scrubbings! Easily applied.

Social gatherings should be of Selfleveling. Dries in 5 to 6 hours.

such a nature that we would approach them mentally eager and alert.

There we should receive inspiration and intellectual food to help round out the pattern of our lives. We need

to get beyond the everyday things of life. Needless to say, gossip has

no place in true conversation nor is a monologue in any way related.

Tn order to hold one's proper place in an interesting exchange, one must not only be able to present views clearly and concisely, but he must also be able to listen with sincere interest to whatever others present.

One may become a brilliant conversationalist for the pure joy of it and eventually find it a valuable financial asset. New Pabco Porch and Step Paint...The PJXBC0 highgrade waterproof and durable "enameltype"Conversation is but "words and

words and words,"and the manner paint, prepared especially for exterior use on in which we use them make them wood and concrete porches and steps, and steel, like "breasts of singing birds"or an canvas or wood decks. Withstands the most severe

unlovely jargon. Words used with tM00P weather conditions and repeated scrubbings.

the loving care they deserve will Your Pabco Dealer is listed in the never express the sordid, the mean, Phone Boole Classified Section!

the unkind. THE PARAFFINE COMPANIES INC.

Conversation can and should be SAN FRANCISCO 19, CALIFORNIA high adventure into the realms of thought. It should be fun!

MARCH '947 135 a

vJn the BOOKRACK THE TEMPLE OF PROMISE (Julius C. Billeter. Zion's Printing and

Publishing Company, Independence,

Missouri. 155 pages. $1.50.)

the shall the word, give the Lord When County, in Jackson central temple

Missouri, will be built. That is the faith of

the Latterday Saints. Therefore this little

volume has been written. It is the first attempt to present a brief but continuous acis full from of interest, built. be The story Conference Visitors—count of the spot on which the temple will into of the Misthe Church first entrance

and others—always welcome souri;the Missourithe purchasepersecutions;of the templeand thelotpresentland;

BOOKCRAFT specializes in the works severalThere areownershipsdescriptionsof oftheIndependence,temple lot lands.the

of L. D. S. Church writers: Priesthood countryplans for roundthe cityabout;are andexplainedthe Prophet'stogether

in of the place the importance Ameritexts, doctrinal and historical books, with is of the author can history. The work

faithpromoting and pioneer stories, meticulously well done. Considerable new

and fiction. beenmaterialuncovered.dealing with the temple lot has

This readable story of the spot on which

Also on our shelves: Books of all standsomethe sacredday becentralbuilt, templewill beofwidelythe Lordreadwillby

Latterday Saints. J. A. W. ard publishers—the books America is

reading today. Featured among these JIM BRIDGER

just now is INFORMATION PLEASE Company,(Stanley Vestal.New York.William1946.Morrow &

$2.25 ALMANAC, for 1947, at $2.00. 333 pages. $3.50.)

HpHE days of the mountain men, before * fences and cultivated fields cluttered up

Family e t e r n L-by roY the Far West, are very successfully re- a. west createdout as thehere.greatestJim Bridgerof the menis madewho toas standtrapAn especially helpful book on L. D. S. family life—filled with the information pers, guides, scouts, and explorers, really

many families learn too late... at too great cost. The author writes from a helped make the coming West possible. He

rich background of training and experience. deserves such honorable mention; though

perhaps the perfection ascribed to him may be an overstatement since it is evident that he sought his own welfare, sometimes at the expense of truth. There are recitals of

trapping, Indian fights, and white men's1186 SouthBOOKCRAFTMain Telephone 7-7911 Salt Lake City 4, Utah narrow escapes. For all who love history,

adventure, and human courage, it will hold

FOR PROMPT SERVICE FILL OUT AND MAIL THIS COUPON tAMWWWWUWMmMA"the attention to the last. In the association

D BibleBrighamNo. Young283-C the(World)Colonizer $4.00 ofauthorBridgerhas beenwith widelythe "Mormon"misled. Hepeople,paradesthe

$3.00 Hunter Danites other and imaginary scarecrows, 1186BDDKCRAFT 4, South Salt Main, Lake City Utah Dennis Battalion the Mormon and forgets that in and Historian's the in Office $2.00 Harmer Please the send books checked below: Salt for repose, Lake see, to the anyone Discourses Orson

Family Israel—Lundwall....$l.Pratt—Lundwall..$3.00 $2.25 Exodus Eternal—West Modernof 00 original relative papers to the honorable

To $2.00 God's Covenantof O. Whom Concern—M. It May Race—Anderson of purchase Fort Bridger the by "MorAshton $2.00 53.00 Plates—Pierce Golden

Theirs Is the Kingdom—W. J. Ashton..$2.00 Gospel Standards—Grant $2.25 mons."There was no ill will towards

....$2.25 of Thumbnail Sketch A the Gospel Through Mormonism Ages—Hunter Bridger, carried business on in Salt who

Bible Hurlbut's $2.50 Story the $1.00 City. Lake in very was a He human figure Discourses—Josephson of In Wilford $1.75 the Gospel Woodruff—Net—Widtsoeof

tumultuous of F. Durham Life A. $2.50 $2.50 Joseph Smith—Smith W. days.—/. Evidences All $1.75 and Restoration Things—Smith Reconciliations—G

Widtsoe of $1.25 Signs the ofTimes—Smith $1.85 DD MEET LINCOLN ABRAHAM For of $1.50 $2.50 Temple Glory—Bailey Promise—Billeter This My

The $2.75 Saint—Bailey The Gay Robe—Douglas (G. Sumner. Brothers, Lynn and Harper $2.50 D The $1.00 Gospel Taylor Ten The Commandments—Riggs 3 1947. York. pages. 78 $1.25.) New His $1.50 $2.25 This Many and Always—Evans Day Mansions—HowellsKingdom—John D Immortal of St. Pioneers $1.50 the Unto Hills—Evans George—....$2.25 the introduction, the states that author Tn

Miller Story $3.00 of Her PeopleUtah—The * this in is not written book manner any Inspired $2.75 Prophetic Hunter Warnings—

of $2.00 (Leather Bound)....$3.00 Jesus—will students. who he hopes become Lincoln $2.00 to Johnny—StradlingJosephLundwall $1.00 Utah Indian Stories—Hunter $2.25 for Lincoln scholars, but rather for those Story ProphetStatesman—n WordsA to degree, the an unusual book $1.00 Stimulating Puzzle Durham Smith: $2.25 Utah TellBook—Wahlquist

the $3.95 $2.00 "Emigration"and should Man impel all those read it to a who (game)—Clawson Dragon—Widtsoe

of $1.00 Nuggets Golden Thought—Marler..$1.00 H Minute deeper their of appreciation opportuown $1.50 Modern C.O.D. Sermons—ZobellMiracles—Stokes enclosed Send Payment nities sterner it in resolution a to and apply of Prince Ur—GatesWidtsoe

if like here a complete would Check you Sagebrush lives and the of others. themselves Wagon Wheels—.$2.00 of and list of Bookcraft books. Dustin $2.00 treats subject, author succinctly the The $2.50 Song Everlasting—Bailey satisfactorily, divisions: the but Linunder $2.00 The Quest—Ursenbach

"and The Spoken Word"—Evans....$1.50 coln and His Books, Lincoln and the WomSkeptic Discovers Mormonism A Lincoln His Cabinet, and en He Loved,

Riggs Generals,. $2.00 Lincoln Lincoln and the and His

Union.—M. C. J.

-Photograph by Crow of Monkmeyer

mmmmrn ar/y zMarcft

Oft'N fragile tracery against a skyDrenched in the spring's new blue and golden fire

Uplifted branches sense an urgency,

An arboreal quickening to new desire.

The greening twigs, leaves bursting brown cocoons,

And winter birds, with tucked wings, in a tree,

Belie the north wind's frosttinged caveat, By

For promise of spring's wild music, clear and free. Courtney Cottam

They know a joy, unquestioning and strong;

An Edenfaith expressed in flower and song.

MARCH 1947 137.

A Sensible M'mti to PROSPECTIVE FARMERS

jfcBy ANTON G. WINKEL

Project Range Conservationist,

Redmond, Oregon

1 Don't buy land in a hurry. Beware of the seller who insists: "The

deal must be closed today."

2. Canvass relatives and friends

of long standing and agricultural offices. Get a look at the book Climate

and Man, published by the United

States Department of Agriculture it will tell you the number of frostfree days in a season, precipitation, etc.

prices unless high 3. Don't buy at

at land good. is extra land W the Good

price. at a low 3 qstso daw wad \"a high price is better than poor land all available information 4. Use

ttnI'm fed up with 'wash day fairy tales.'How any andagriculturalmeans tovaluedetermineof the theland.normalGet

grown woman can believe some of them opinions of. successful operators.

is more than I can understand!"Study available soil maps which have

been made by soil surveyors.

Lady, we don't blame you. But please don't point 5. Consider renting a farm for the

at FelsNaptha Soap. present. In spite of the high prices,

good farms can still be rented at

Every word we say about FelsNaptha has been reasonable prices. This will widen

said before... by the women who use it. In fact farm experience, build up farm

many of our customers make stronger claims equipment and supplies.

for this fine laundry soap than we do. 6. If you're short on farm experience, consider working on a good,

We say FelsNaptha is better because it gives you upto-date farm for a year. The

two great cleaners—gentle, active naptha and situationlent opportunityof today topresentssee andan excellearn

good mild soap; that it makes all kinds of washing modern methods of farming at fair

quicker and easier; that it makes linens and wages.

delicate garments so fragrantly clean 7. A banker told me recently that

they're a joy to behold. no man should buy at present prices

unless he can pay for the whole farm have enough cash to carry him And we believe—if you try and for five years, and that a man who FelsNaptha Soap—you'll now pays onethird down has not

never even read another begun to pay for his farm—for the

'wash day fairy tale.'dollar is up to $1.74.

8. Remember the old saying,

"Never run after a streetcar; there

will be another one along in a few time will come minutes."when TheFelsNaptha Soap of a dollar's worth a dollar will buy

BAN/SHES TATTLETALE GRAY land.

138 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA YOUR GOOD NAME

(l5u president Ljeome bribed J>mitk

J.AA. number of years ago I was seriously ill. In fact, I think everyone gave me up but my wife. With my family I went to St. George, Utah, to see if it

would improve my health. We went as far as we could by train, and then continued the

journey in a wagon, in the bottom of which a bed had been made for me.

In St. George we arranged for a tent for my health and comfort, with a builtin floor

raised about a foot above the ground, and we could roll up the south side of the tent to make the sunshine and fresh air available. I became so weak as to be scarcely able to move. It

was a slow and exhausting effort for me even to turn over in bed.

One day, under these conditions, I lost consciousness of my surroundings and thought

I had passed to the Other Side. I found myself standing with my back to a large and

beautiful lake, facing a great forest of trees. There was no one in sight, and there was no

boat upon the lake or any other visible means to indicate how I might have arrived there.

I realized, or seemed to realize, that I had finished my work in mortality and had gone home. I began to look around, to see if I could not find someone. There was no evidence

of anyone's living there, just those great, beautiful trees in front of me and the wonderful lake behind me.

I began to explore, and soon I found a trail through the woods which seemed to have been used very little, and which was almost obscured by grass. I followed this trail, and

after I had walked for some time and had traveled a considerable distance through the forest, I saw a man coming towards me. I became aware that he was a very large man, and

I hurried my steps to reach him, because I recognized him as my grandfather. In mortality

he weighed over three hundred pounds, so you may know he was a large man. I remember how happy I was to see him coming. I had been given his name and had always been

proud of it.

When Grandfather came within a few feet of me, he stopped. His stopping was an

invitation for me to stop. Then—and this I would like the boys and girls and young

people never to forget—he looked at me very earnestly and said:

"I would like to know what you have done with my name."

screen—everythingEverything I hadI hadeverdone.done Quicklypassed beforethis vividme asretrospectthough itcameweredowna flyingto thepicturevery ontimea

I was standing there. My whole life had passed before me. I smiled and looked at my

grandfather and said:

"I have never done anything with your name of which you need be ashamed."

He stepped forward and took me in his arms, and as he did so, I became conscious again of my earthly surroundings. My pillow was as wet as though water had been

poured on it—wet with tears of gratitude that I could answer unashamed.

I have thought of this many times, and I want to tell you that I have been trying, more than ever since that time, to take care of that name. So I want to say to the boys and

girls, to the young men and women, to the youth of the Church and of all the world: Honor your fathers and your mothers. Honor the names that you bear, because some day you

will have the privilege and the obligation of reporting to them (and to your Father in heaven ) what you have done with their name.

MARCH 1947 JETEDITORS PHBE 139

CENTEKNIHL

-Mi THE DESERT WAS TAMED RKMV HOW

Af aJLeddon for Jodau and Jcowiorrow V Part III for by the advantages of close contact with the community. No matter what a person's

Chapter 5 Living Together manner of making a living might be, he would village. This was only partly live in the

It inmarauders. Indian protection from / INistingthe valleysconditionsof the RockypracticallyMountains,compelledexbestfor

small settlements. Cities or villages revolved many deeper issues.

quire water for domestic and agricultural use. The homestead had several purposes. First,

In the newfound country, the streams were the economic help furnished the family from small and not numerous. To settle on the the home garden was of prime importance.

desert, without easy access to water, would The income from an acre of land, if properly be folly. Consequently, the pioneer settleplanted and cultivated, is very considerable.

prodthat the calculation shows a rough Even built along the ones, were present and ments,f V?\\ all the will supply of land an acre ucts from possibilities all until water courses, small river

had been exhausted. In short, the streams required fruits, vegetables, and grain for sevdetermined the location and the size of the eral persons. That would not be a small gain

settlements. in our day, and much more important in days

of pioneer struggles. The small, compact settlement—city or vilof considerations health there were Then, It the pioneers. to nothing new lage—was Fresh settlers not unmindful. were the which they ideal came West. before had been their

The Prophet Joseph Smith laid out in detail garden produce contributes greatly to health.

the City of Zion, the proposed capital of the This is well understood today, from scientific movement of which he was the leader. It was findings. From the health point of view the

to have from fifteen to twenty thousand inmaintenance of these home gardens was fully habitants, divided into wards of fewer than a justified.

thousand persons. Such cities could be repeated any number of. times in plan and people 'T'he spiritual effect of touching the soil was

over the earth. Nauvoo had about twenty never forgotten. Sunlight, soil, and growthousand inhabitants at the time of the westing crops are elemental things which affect

ern migration. profoundly for good the spiritual nature of all

Every village was laid out according to a who deal with them.

common pattern, greatly modified from the Out of the ground comes a larger underNew England and European village system, standing of life. There, the true position of

with which nearly all the emigrants were acman is revealed. The inner nature of the

quainted. The rectangular squares or blocks tiniest blade of grass is beyond human undercontained eight or ten acres. The streets ran standing. There, the mystery of life is fornorth and south, east and west. They were ever present. There, man and nature become

about one hundred thirtytwo feet wide and reconciled as nowhere else. Out of the ground

provided, prophetically, for the automobile comes peace, the peace for which the world is age. Each building lot covered about one and a bleeding. The pioneers wanted every man, in

quarter acre. The dwelling house was to be the commonwealth they were building, to have

set back twentyfive feet from the street. The such contact with the soil. The small, comland in front of the house would provide room pact village with home gardens, made it posfor lawns, shrubs, and flowers. In the rear sible for every man, no matter what he was

would be the kitchen gardens and necessary doing, to secure some of his sustenance and outbuildings. In addition, in every settlement, spiritual power from the land and ever to hear

blocks of land were set aside for the religious the voice of clean nature in his labors.

and recreational activities of the group. Under the compact village system, correct

So convinced were the pioneers of the value social advantages were made easily available.

of the relatively small but compact settlement, Recreational opportunities were for the whole that though the farms surrounded the village, community. Dances were held under control.

the farmer's home must be in the village. It Parents knew the whereabouts of their chilwas felt that the loss of time in going to the dren. And parents were led to be more exfarm and back was more than compensated emplary before their children. The problems

ligious obligations? Had they been strictly

honest in their dealings with others? Had they

respected the moral code? Were they so liv5u <=ZV. sfohn M. \AJldtsoe ing as to preserve their health? And so on.

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE Tn many localities questions were printed for of the day were known and discussed by all ward teachers* use. These are really rein the family circle or in the village gathermarkable documents. One of twentyseven in

ings. one sheet extant asks frankly, "Do you opAbove all, the small settlements helped press the hireling in his wages?"

maintain a religious solidarity. The one church No one was exempt from the ward teachin a very small village could serve under the ers'visit and inquiries. The governor of the

unique "Mormon"system. Where the group state and the President of the Church were

grew too large, a new ward was created that visited and were benefited by the review of might erect its own chapel. But in the small their duties. William H. Cahoon called as a

village the wards could not be greatly multiward teacher on the Prophet Joseph Smith plied. Therefore, the general acquaintanceand diligently sought to impress his duties

ship of the people with one another would not upon the Prophet.

be seriously impaired. The history of the Each ward was presided over by a bishop

"Mormon"villages show few defections from and his two counselors. They stood as fathe laws of morality and religion. thers to the flock. Through them the conThe small village fitted into the life philoscerted attempts of the ward were executed. It

ophy of the Latterday Saints. Men must not might be a material problem, as the cleaning

live for or by themselves. Every man is his of the canal, a recreational one, as the holding

brother's keeper. The Church itself is but a of a dance, or a spiritual one, as to holdinglarger family, offering all the advantages and family prayer—the bishopric would be the

privileges of family life. The small village effective final solvers of the ward problems,

made a community of wellacquainted neighand the teachers, acting for the bishop, of the bors. They knew and were conscious of their duties of the individual members of the comevery neighbor's success and failure, of his munity.

conditions and needs. The village as a unit It was a simple but effective organization.

provided for whatever conditions might arise. It was remarkably powerful in stimulating a

Besides, the small village taught people to spirit of brotherhood in the small settlements.

live together harmoniously. Family discords, It was a part of the Lord's restored gospel.

multiplied, lead to national misunderstandTn the course of years, the pioneers founded ings, to eventually war. and The give and hundreds of such settlements. Where they

lifetake of learned could best in small be have been allowed to continue as small units, groups. The tolerance for which the world is they show, though the world has changed

clamoring can best be learned in small comgreatly, the benefits of the small group, which munities. That was the view of the pioneers. makes occasional excursions into the manThe ward teachers were the ward Church made complexities of the overgrown cities.

coordinators. Monthly, or oftener, every famSince the opening of the Great Basin, the

ily would receive a visit from the two< ward essential value of the small settlement, everyteachers, who would be ready to hear any where, has been discussed by many. The

troubles or achievements of the family, and small village is becoming more and more a to give help and advice if needed. This social and economic ideal. Men have longed

brought misunderstandings, if any existed, to for the companionships and simple joys of impartial friends who would attempt to bring such a life. The winning of some substance

about reconciliations. Their findings were alfrom the land, and the wholesome associations

ways reported to the bishop of the ward. The of neighbors freed from the drive of modern

questionings of the ward teachers were not city life bring peace to man. Discovery and

resented, for the spirit of their work was well thinking come easiest where the spirit of ease understood. They also were discreet. They and peace reigns supreme. Libertyloving

did not pry into matters of the family's intimen, chained by modern living, have sought mate concerns. However, the ward teachers freedom in ventures allied to the village

were unique personalities in holding the piosystem of the pioneers and so have creneers together in peace and mutual underated "little landers,""three acres and standing. They are needed throughout the liberty,"etc. Decentralization of the activities

world today. of the day is in the air. Men look longingly

Their simple questions covered a wide towards a new, more natural mode of life in range. Had the family observed their re- (Continued on page 189)

MARCH 1947 141 M MENGLEANER % President Brigham YoungWhenand the "Mormon"Pioneers emerged from Emigration CanSILVER JUBILEE yon on July 24, 1847, and entered the valley of the Great Salt Lake, they brought a special type of culture—the

beginning of a distinctive kind of civilization. In the group—and in the companies which followed—were men and

women of culture and educational attainment. There were men who had

been ministers in other churches, college-trained men and women teachers, astronomers, geologists, linguists, musicians, artisans, and specialists in many other fields. They came first largely

from the central, eastern, and New

England states. In later years immiMAY GREEN HINCKLEY

grants came.from all sections of the BERTHA S. STEVENSON

United States and Europe.

Through these groups, over the years, there have emerged a degree of culture, a development of civilization, dress, in eating in their extravagance from "instil the hearts of the in time same attention of the attractedthat have it I long in had speech. have... even and great of this testimony of a Zion youth from educators manysociologists and

ladies the of organize to in young mind my latterday work."nations. that might they association into so an Zion Presithe after of death years Many culture, this develop and preserve To in the of assist older the Church members withorganized there dent were Young, before years a few Young,President the practising teaching propagating, and

his death, caused to be organized two in the structure of the associations principles I have been so long teaching.

direction, his two formed under the of is for the need young daughters unique There of younggroups people—in 1869, pointed probably groups, which have of the truth. get Israel to testimony Society, a living RetrenchmentCooperative

formed principally for his own daughthe M.I.A. more definitely toward the Improve in everything that is good and

,.. live so that you may be trulyters, which later became the Young objectives and purposes outlined by the beautiful

Ladies (now Women's) Mutual Imfounder than any other development of happy in this life and the life to come.

provement Association; and in 1875, the the several decades since their incepthe deLadies'Young began Thus tion. AsImprovement Mutual Men'sYoung of the RetrenchCooperative partment formed were groupssociation. These 1869, 28, of evening November the (\n called later Society, which ment was religious pursocial, andfor cultural, his called President Brigham Young Ladies'the Improvement Mutual Young pointed definitely programs withposes quaint in the together daughters seven with Association to correspond

"mutualtoward the improvement"—develAlso House. of the Lion old parlor first there but Men's. At was Young natural talents, the native the ofopment PresiEliza and R. present were Snow in organization. the department one As their had membersgifts, which with simple, the After Smith. A. dent George it it into the divided Bee grew, was directly were blessed. Theybeen prayer had family evening customary, Senior departments. Hive, by and And conof responsibility the withcharged to spoke offered, President Young been it into Hive, 1921 Bee been had made would which programs activityducting said: girls the and departments. Senior Junior, and at the and development personalbring

I desire to organize my own family first In the year of 1921, two enterprising leadhabits of Association Improvement the promotion for society into Mutual a of presentation Tournament, Basketball M Men

Girls sponsors Gleaner teams thrift, charity; by industry, and and order, (Hinckley) Sisters ers, of and Green May

Superintendency and General Men's toM theMen YoungCom-

I retrench desire all to things, them above of the Granite S. Stevenson Bertha mittee.

Stake decided something should be added to the course of study in order that girls might have activity along lines of their own interest. They asked permission of the general board to try a

plan of organizing their Senior Girls with officers for each ward. When this

was granted, each ward chose its own name, slogan, and symbol for the club, and officers to carry forward new activities. Some time during each M.I.A.

night was devoted to this new plan, and soon additional activities were planned for other evenings.

These organizations were so successful that at June conference in 1922,

General President Martha H. Tingey

142 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Cister Ruth May Fox, a counselor in the general presidency, who later bepresident of the Young came the general Dm /John *UJ. Lilted and Metenaena V\J. oLc.aHon AssoImprovement Mutual Women's

1ST COUNSELOR, GENERAL SUPERINTENDENCE GENERAL SECRETARY, ciation, suggested the word "Gleaners."

Y. M. M. I. A. Y. W. M. I. A. The lovely story of Ruth taken from

the Bible was to form the basic symbol- (This meant thirty minutes at the end ism of the organization. As Ruth gleanof each class period conducted by the ed in the fields of Boaz, so Gleaners

class officers.) Methods of inculcating were to glean in all of the best fields

the organization into the class were then of life, gathering always the choicest discussed as well as a proposed class so that their harvest might be full and organization, stake organization, conglorious. Girls were urged to bind their

stitution and bylaws. individual sheaves—that is to develop

Even though the plan was "purely certain noteworthy qualifications withoptional,"the idea "caught on"at once, in their own character. Each season for

and organizations sprang up all over the the first fifteen years a different sheaf

Church during the next two years. At was stressed for girls to "bind"or acJune conference in 1924 the delegates complish. Some of these were:

decided there should be one pin and

MASTER M MAN PIN one general name for the girls through- I will contribute each day to the honor out the Church, instead of one for each and happiness of my home; I will pay my

announced to all assembled that a new ward and stake as was then the procetithes and offerings; I will read the scripprogram had been designed for the dure. Members of the general board ( Continued on page 1 78

Senior Girls to supplement their class began their search for an appropriate activities of studies with of the great aims and symbolic their own name

Comradery, Second Ward, Gleaner Girl Membership inauguration told of the choosing. She of these girls. ideals Stake Maricopa

of this work in the Granite Stake and what it had done to increase attendance and interest.

In September 1922, The Young Woman's Journal gave much space to this new organization for the Senior

Girls. It stated:

It has been felt for some time that if these girls were allowed a portion of the time allotted to the M.I.A. to use for activities

of their own choosing, under a class organization effected among themselves, marked results would be noted in increased attendance and interest.... The plan, however,

is not obligatory. In some stakes and wards

it may be preferred to use the entire class period of one hour and fifteen minutes for lesson work; in others this new feature may

be found most acceptable.

EARLY M MEN BANQUET

Back row, left to right: Seldon I. Clawson,

Joseph S. Willes, Dr. William H. Sprunt, Rulon S.

Howells, Vern E. Jarmon, Ernest H. Capel, Frank

W. McGhie, John D. Giles, Wesley Williamson.

Front row, seated: Marion Burdette, H. Hartland Halliday, Clarence L. Giles, President George

Albert Smith, Frank W. Bailey, Irwin Clawson.

MARCH 1947 IN THE HOLE ROCK

Dm fnnamna ftirnnce iKedd

plore it good and plenty before they would take their wives and children there.

The wiser heads argued that they had better wait for the conference report before setting their minds one way or the other. President Higbee,

they said, would make a straight talk. He wasn't one to send men off

husbands were not called would talk on a wildgoose chase. Silas S. Smith

little upon depending or a great deal, too. head, a level had not He would

relitheir sensitivity to social and tackle that couldn't any job be done.

gious position. And since no one

could answer the question, the surest HThe talk raced through the crowd way to find out who was called was like a prairie fire before a high to go to the meeting and get a front wind. Women wept and vowed that SYNOPSIS seat. they would never go to such an unthe in City and Cedar women men ofHPo almost impormeeting as was The place, heardof yet that they knew

that 1879, mission a was new the news for tant not as a conference, and called. if they would Daunting were Indians the south'to be opened among pf in person a single worlds would told the of tales were country's imreceived. variouslyevn Utah Sage was To

Treharne Jones it meant the separation from town have missed going. pregnable barriers, its treacherous

her beloved son, Kumen; to Mary, Kumen's Long before the bell had rung its rivers, the Colorado and the San

wife, it meant giving up the new home, now appointed ten minutes, the log church Juan. Missionaries to the Indians

completion. hernearing prayer Through

rebellion against the call was quieted. She was full of anxious men and women, had seen a little of the place and had

recalled the hardships of her father and and the yard was packed, overflowheard much more. They spoke of its

mother who had trekked across the plains ing into the sidewalk and the street. canyons and gorges, of the sand and

with the handcart pioneers. She sang to Excitement, evident in the restless the dry, hot sun that blazed down

valiantherself the song, "Come, Come, Ye grouping and regrouping, was on it. The Church heads had littleSaints,"that she, too, like her and knew

parents, would have the strength to move there, but no disorder. Among the or no information to give them. The

to a new frontier. men, tension was high, but their only thing that seemed certain was

speech was low and guarded. There that the place existed, that it lay

was no need to get worked up about somewhere in the extreme southeastChapter III things, they assured each other. ern part of the state of Utah, along

mission After all, a be was to new stretchsouth, the country, Arizona the bellringing that wasSolemn it that expected. didn't follow ing east waiting to Colorado. one And No night. were laid early, Suppers

but were scarcely touched. they would all have to go. Not more there that night doubted that it was

Children were put to bed, and every than one in ten, perhaps only one in as wild and formidable as the tales it.task was completed by the first twenty, would be called. The thing they had heard concerning

shadow of twilight. Dressed in their to do was to wait until the names "Well, when it is simmered down,

best dresses, clinging to their huswere read and approved. It would all this roundabout talk,"Stanford

bands with an unusual show of tenthen be time enough to show exciteSmith said, as he and Arabella, Kuderness, the women went with them ment. men and Mary, edged their way

to the meetinghouse, anxious to But, argue as they would, they through the crowd to the front, know, yet dreading to learn if their could not keep from speculating where they knew a seat would be men's names were on the list of those about, nor keep from passing on, reserved for them, "we don't know who were called to the San Juan every vague rumor that seeped a single thing!"

Mission. through the crowd. Called to estab- "Not for sure,"Kumen agreed.

Those whose husbands were lish a buffer settlement against the "I've talked with Seth Tanner, and called would feel a frightened sense Indians, were they? Well, they he is one of the few men who has

of pride, for, undoubtedly, it would would have to hunt the gosh awful gone far into the wilds of San Juan.

be an achievement. Those whose place up first! They'd have to exHe says that the only known cross144 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ing of the Colorado River is by way Again he paused, measuring his to the border settlements; a buffer colony

this divert to established menace. must be if satisLee's Ferry, as acrossof Arizona, a pioneer Then, townsmen.

its misto extend wishes Church 2. The

waterless fied that with waste, as one they stood through the very this, Indians; to the do their sionary among work

heart of the Navajo Indian nation. Church and its leaders, he went on, peace must be made and maintained between

He says that the Navajos are in no enumerating forcefully. the Indians and the "Mormons."

mood to see more of their country "We will send them forth with 3. Immigration to Utah is rapidly interritorial expansion is necessary;taken over by the whites."bread, clothes, teams, wagons, harcreasing;

field. here is a broad

They found their seats, and as the nesses, and stock. Women will The necessity for accurate and detailed

women settled themselves for a chat weave and sew. They will preserve information suggests the sending out of an

with each other, Kumen resumed: and dry foods. Men will set their advance scouting expedition—young men

"Tanner says, Stanford, that the affairs in order against the day of chosen for their courage, foresight, and dewill consist of Their equipmentNavajos are being harassed by wartheir going."pendability.

materials, tools, blasting fourhorse wagons, ring Utes and Piutes, and preyed There was an audible assent. cattle, loose horses, grains, and food for six

upon by outlaws from all over the "I call for the vote!"the stake weeks'time. They are to note the soil and

United States."president cried. "Not by the usual climate, plant grain, if possible, and re-

"That will keep them in a murdershow of hands, but by word of turning, make a full report. Following their

will proceed to San a main company favor of accepting 'return,ous mood, then,"Stanford muttered. mouth. Those in

the scouts route these have Juan along ""Their raids through the whole of a call say, 'Aye.'plored. exsouthern Utah attest the fact."There was a deafening'response. We, your brethren, make this call after

Kumen glanced uneasily at Mary. "Those opposed, 'No!'humble and prayerful consideration. RealizBut she was engrossed in a conversaNot a single voice was lifted up. ing the dangers and difficulties involved, we,

tion with the women near her. "The clerk will proceed to< record withchosenthemenhelpofofintegrityyour stakeandpresidents,proven worthhave

"Going down there to build a the vote."Smiling encouragement, to accomplish this mission. Provisions and

town and convert the Indians to the president sat down. equipment will be assigned to you. Let our

peace is no skim milk job, Stanford,"The stake clerk wrote furiously. people accept this call. If they perform their

he said guardedly. There was no sound but the gentle duties, honor the trust they hold, and ex-

"Silas Smith told me that there scratch of his pen, like the swish of sion,ercise andfaith,Godthey willwill blesssucceedthemin theiras nevermishas already been an attempt made to corn leaves in a zephyr. before. Let each man accept his responsettle there. That was called the La The stake president again took his sibility with grace and prayerfulness. Amen.

Salle Mission, Kumen, and, like all place at the rostrum, and began the other attempts to penetrate the with feeling: "As president of the "Amen!"the throng reechoed.

Indian's country, it failed. And that Parowan Stake of Zion, and by the The acquiescence was their signaattempt,"he exclaimed, "was made authority vested in me, we now read ture to the call. The wind was calm.

near an already established outpost!"to you the call to a new mission:"Heads up, the people heard the

"Yes, I know,"Kumen acceded. names read from the clerk's book.

Stanford laughed shortly. "How, of AsLatterdaypresidentSaints,of the ChurchI, John Taylor,of Jesus herebyChrist "The following men are named as

then, can we, a mere handful of men call the people of Iron and adjacent counties officers of the San Juan Mission Exand women, hope to succeed?"to settle San Juan County, Utah, a large ploring Company,"he read. "Will

"Well, there is always a first time, tract of land in the southeastern part of the those named, please respond."

little rugged. very There and known,Stanford. But I don't relish the job."state,

call; this for reasons each has been "Silas S. Smith."are many

"The bell had ceased ringing. The considered carefully: "Here!"

stake leaders were in their 1. The Indians of San Juan are a menace ( Continued on page 1 86

places, taking serious note of the tenor of the crowd.

Like windbent wheat, heavy with its own yield, heads bent, the congregation heard the bishop's opening prayer. The stake president took his

place at the rostrum, and the bowed heads were lifted expectantly, but the hush of prayer was unbroken.

"Many are called, but few are chosen,"the stake president quoted in a ringing voice, his eyes sweeping the congregation.

His words, so different from the usual congregational greeting of "My dear brothers and sisters,"arrested the forward straining crowd.

Without moving their eyes from his face, they nodded their approval.

"We are called,"he cried, "to a great mission!"He paused effectively. "We must send forward the few

that are chosen."

MARCH 1947 145, Range lands:

yv L/reat i\tedonrce in JUL

By DR. GEORGE STEWART

M.I.A. General Board, and

Intermountain Forest and Range

Experiment Station, U. S. Forest

Service

over, I felt that I could see a situaWell preserved grass range near Pincher tion just beginning in Alberta that

Creek, Southwestern Alberta. had run its course for fifty or more

irrigated pastures are beautiful. But years in Utah, and nearly as long in

Idaho. atis what range the magnificent the YEARS AGO HUNDRED Palmer of Leth- E. President A. magnifiattention; and tracted my Saint emipeopleONELatter-day is of superintendent Stake is to bridge It sad right word. is the cent grated from Nauvoo and relate that it is just starting to bethe Dominion Agricultural Experiin immediatesettled Utah. Almost this Lethbridge. at mental Farm On really that and unmagnificent, come leader,ly that pioneer Brigham able are conducted farm welloperated compelled and aroused my interest settleplan to began howYoung, irrigain growing, crop experiments my attention. to procould be so managedment pest breeding, plant tion, pasturage,

vide the communities with the kind Tn August 1946, it was my good control, and farm livestock producare that resources of amountand tion. southern trip to a to enjoy fortune

civito enablerequired "Mormon"his in profesgeneral President Palmer the of a as Alberta, member selflization permanently to become reagricultural of sional capacity Improvement Mutual the of board to futuresustaining. ahead Looking to inspiradirector me show arranged search an which was Associations, colonies the sentwellbeing, Church disthe is country and the range and around new, tion. country The Idaho, Nevada,into Utah, southern rerange conditions pioneer and cuss range progressive the have people latterly, to evenCalifornia, and acopportunities. were search the "West"that has made attitude We this centenIn Canada. andMexico and Peake woolly"Ronald companied by "wild and the from grow it is at look that anial year, hoped

in Experimental the of of Alex Johnston homes communities to frontier which resources great of the onone Elder staff, for one day and Farm generation. one is in Alberta settlement"Mormon"the to assistant E. in August, McKay, Thomas weekends, two Between interesting will and provebased the of Wallace Twelve, firsthand Council met I and country the saw of readers to Imstimulating The advisor, agricultural district livestock Hanson, greatest the of one with Era.provement the of manager Frodsham, grazing A. and I seen. ever The J. have ranges is about Alberta of province The Cardston. of ranch, west range, and Church the of use the industry, It exlarge as Utah.half as again asked L. Wirthlin had Bishop Joseph use, brought me that of effects the fifty miles north seven hundredtends of acres inspect to 29,000 some history the range to jerk me a with back its reof but most Montana,from the Church land by Idaho. owned range in and difficulties Utah and in the are agriculture forsources Presiding the through operated range and first the was on day the Before province the half of wheresouthern

the precipitation varies from twelve to twenty inches. The western

boundary is in the Rocky Mountains and the eastern in the dry plains.

Its population is about 600,000 of which 13,500 are Latterday Saints principally in the three stakes of Alberta ( headquarters—Cardston ) Fig. 2. Contrast with

1. overgrazed An

naturally of goodTaylor ( Raymond ), and Lethbridge areaFig.

grass range, now (Lethbridge). The two principal oc- m

shrubby with cupied sources of agricultural income are cinquefoil.

wheat and range livestock, although on irrigated land sugar beets are important and thrive in a way that makes my heart rejoice. I saw none

of the major pests that plague Utah,

Idaho, and Colorado for example.

Hardy strains of alfalfa do well, and 146 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Bishop's office. This inspection was was formerly a conspicuous amount On Milk River Ridge it was snowmade on Monday after which Brothof wild and Parry oatgrasses and berry and rosebush.

ers McKay, Hanson, and Frodsham needle grasses. Only in rare places

returned to Cardston. The rest of are these now found. Noticeable in A few miles east of the Mclntyre

us drove to Waterton Lakes and the cover of wellpreserved areas are Ranch on Milk River Ridge one then went north to Pincher Creek. small islandlike patches, two to five field of about eighty acres was more

The next day we were accompanied yards across of woody or semithan half occupied by rosebush.

by Vi Wood of the office of Lands woody shrubs that grow waist to Islands of bushes shoulder high were and Mines for the province of Alshoulder high. Generally these almost joined by continuous cover

berta, who is in charge of grazing shrub islands are western snowberry, of new bushes of knee height to administration. All that day we zigshrubby cinquefoil, or wild prairie ankle height as if prolonged heavy

zagged along the edge of the footrosebush. These patches are just grazing had weakened the grass and

hills. The following day we visited abundant enough to be observed, allowed rapid invasion of young

the MacLeay Ranch in the range from two to three up to six to eight rosebusfi. On some areas west of the

country west of Nanton. Mr. Macto the acre with almost none in the Church ranch, cinquefoil was found

Leay gladly showed us various paslower lands, sometimes for hundreds waist high in nearly solid stands, tures on his ranch and told us that of acres. The grasses are clearly with grass only under the bushes.

during the war he had sent to market a million pounds of beef cattle annually. His outfit consisted of five

thousand cattle, twentyfive thousand acres of owned land, and a considerable area of leased land (which is how public range is handled in Fig. 3. Contrast with

Alberta). Thursday I saw the exFig.area 1.westAnofovergrazedCardston

perimental farm, particularly the part numerablebeing occupiedyoung byplantsincinquefoil shrubby western snowberry.devoted to forage research. On Friofand

day Brother Frank Taylor took me In a few years this south from Raymond over Milk semblearea willFig.probably2. reRiver Ridge, one of the longest used

tracts of grazing land.

T3ut what we saw is even more interesting, and very much more important than where we went. First,

for a general view we saw in a fashholding the shrubs from spreading. Near the McLeay Ranch west of

ion some two thousand square miles Small areas here and there of a Nanton were similar areas of westof superb range country. Large parts few acres are unquestionably overern snowberry waist high. Even in

of it had furnished forage for years grazed—for instance, about ten perheavily grazed pastures snowberry

at the rate of nearly a "cow month"cent of the Church ranch. Marks of and cinquefoil showed no signs of

an acre! In Utah and Idaho, a range overgrazing are localized in the having been grazed at all, and rosethat furnishes a "cow month"of vicinity of stockwatering places, bush only in a minor degree.

forage on four acres is good range; bedgrounds, and in certain small Erosion, too, had begun on some

five to ten acres is much more comholding pastures. The tall grasses overused ridge tops. On the worst

monly required. Great tracts of our are absent, and Idaho fescue is areas a few faint rill marks were

heavilyused sagebrush range takes greatly weakened. Small sedges, distinct for a few rods and then disten to twenty acres to furnish a cow bluegrass of finger height, still make appeared when they reached a good

forage for one month. The range a good ground cover but produce cover of grass. Two gullies about a

grasslands of southwestern Alberta only a fifth to a third as much forage foot deep were seen during the trip seemed indeed a bonanza in range as is produced on the wellpreserved—not much, but a beginning. Soil

forage. They were showing, howareas. These lowproducing species blowing in the region is so bad once

ever, the early effects of incomplete have on such areas replaced sixty to the grass cover is broken that wheat grazing management. eighty percent of the more producfields are planted in strips in the more

The examination of areas clearly in tive grasses. Groundhugging speexposed locations. Little soil has as

a good state of preservation showed cies, antennaria—almost useless for yet been lost from range land but

an almost continuous cover of short forage, is now conspicuous. One or soil movement is quivering to* begin

grasses such as Idaho and rough more of these three shrubs is comon the most damaged sites.

fescues, and considerable aster and monly present in numerous patches I was not able to shake off the yarrow.. Interspersed was a noticeof twenty to one hundred an acre. feeling that these ranges were just

able amount (perhaps ten to twenty They are obviously spreading as the beginning a cycle of deterioration percent of the whole cover) of midgrass has been weakened. In some as a result of localized overgrazing.

height grasses such as thick spike cases whole areas are occupied by Will they reach in thirty to fifty wheatgrass and western wheatgrass. nearly solid stands. On the Pincher years hence the condition that Utah

Local opinion was definite that even Creek to Nanton foothills it was and Idaho ranges are now in? Will

on these wellpreserved areas there largely snowberry and cinquefoil. (Concluded on page 177)

MARCH 1947 147..

nation or belligerent country active military acsuppressive require that may tacucaItit - such adetion, should this be remuneration andLAP, 5. Remunerations should be exacted from

quate to repair the damage and defray the added expense entailed in such action completely. War must be made so exorbitantly

expensive that neither the victor nor the PEACE TREATY vanquished shall profit.

6. Men should be tried and duly pun7T s a plain American, entrusted ished for their own sins, and not for carry-

L\ with a professional commis- 5 f\ouai o(. (LSrown ing out the military demands of another.

renot individuals be should subdued * military forces in sion the * CAPTAIN, MEDICAL CORPS But to or nations spend a life quired by a nation 1 realthe since 942, 1 witnessed have er. in conquer of a the country of servitude

ities of grimy sweat, painful tears, Such exactitude breeds hatred and retaliaand innocent blood, and know their EDITORIAL NOTE tion.

harvest as immutable fears and Tl 7iTH the desire for peace upper- 7. There must be an international freeheartaches, incurable wounds, and * "most in the hearts and minds of dom of the press for the presentation of ununnecessary sorrow and death. all thinking people everywhere, the altered and complete facts; and similarily,

of be should history international wars an the of this analysis presents way all flesh Era scars are not But the authorities of all written compiled and by final and as a not peace, obtain to industries for been have wounds, curriculums, in school placed nations and the earnest as but answer complete converted and destroyed; cities have attempt of a vounq man. who. having that the generations may have a true, unbeen pillaged and shambled; art and seen war, is doubly anxious to assure biased picture of the inevitable, undesirable

learning have been lost and stolen. that war shall not occur again, either nature of wars and conflicts.

If; there is to be peace, it must be in his life or in the lives of those 8. An international censor board for curto prevent established should be follow after. riculums

its train practical—for the world is void of who may should nation false teachings; no

trust. youth in its false credence of special race

Here are practical ideas which I tried and/or removed from candidacy or and nation omnipotence, omniscience, and believe will activate a lasting peace. office by a court of delegates representing desired omnipresence. Complete, unbiased

truly will peace enduring truth by an win officer or personnel, of said or the country 1 in and unity purpose a be must There portraypast, accurately the evaluating by presidents of and finally judiciary the by continued all before nations among means protecproviding present, the ing and by rulers.

ascertain. be should This can be peace future. falsification in the tion from taught 4. should be nations and Peoples

if necesperiodic and, international sured by collectiveprint, lectures, 9. separately and nations popular The forewarned by and attended to by be meetings sary, emergency

that whereby program a lyceum consequences dire should ly of the have movies, and popular the representing delegates several in the all belligerents of educated are people the masses from exacted surely be must nations, countries, their respective of vote the extravagances desirabilities or of and peace for more involving responsible two war all seriousin this meet dominions; body and shall be lectures movies and of such war; peoples. or countries be to intent, planned with work of ness or contributions, one more prizewinning

acan debate and and accomplished, by further shall these nation; be each and from

representathe of affirmative vote credited PALACE MY final befitting a awards, and recognized by peace; to decisions conducive tives make international Grover Brown the of selection Evah By competitive

all representing military executive body an best. passes be who'by merely delegates active him,o have countries which rT of stabilization 10. should be There see, to * tiny in supaction home immediate for maintained My

pressing befitting ly any subversive action It might seem just a common thing currency and its standards in all countries, international this an through humility: to done be bare Of nations; have such body or among between

little of spot the sees ground equal provide not establishment. This need He narepresented the to of appeal recourse call mine; gratefully assure adequate should an standards but assistance; military such additional for tions yetunfinished house sees a IHe all, irrespecfor living standard health and the of composed to be a judiciary appeal vine; clinging Behind a race. or nationality tive of all eligible nations of presidents rulers and little girls in the yard, And

1 1 all countries espeof peoples and The forces, air officers of the high with twoclothes—along cotton In common

armies, and navies of the represented counBut of the wealth within my home cially of the democratic United States tries; they decide upon the specific action The passer never knows. should endeavor continually to exemplify

actualities, and peace in all its objectives, as soon as possible taken; and to be this little spot unto me, dispose For honesty, embellishments by inculcating accordingly. strength their strategy and place Is quite sacred a

2. Any military equipment, whether Where happiness and peace and love truth, and benevolence in its every action

atomic bomb down to hand grenade, proAnd gratitude embrace. and thought.

in hearts 'Tis one emerge where two inventory in excess by a nation duced by tide. life's changing meet To shall automaticalbe established quota of an are inculcated ideas eleven these

its the priesthood's walls, power Within IN intercost, to an ly without appropriated, I faith abide. dauntless bepractical the whereby And means

the used to of materials be by pool national souls precious see, then, two you And forlieve grievances past be may mamaintenance as military executive body throne great straight God's from Sent terial for keeping international peace. Are cared for, tenderly, by me, given; whereby present available

3. All international military personnel Within this little home. facilities shall be used well and effriendship's door is opened wide Here basis of their the menselected should on be of the in fectively imbuing the minds

near, far and neighbors their To fitness; tal, physical ethical, and and of practical aspects the with masses little place glorify my Who their with commensurate salaries should be

cheer. happiness and With of impractical aspects the peace and officers should the position; that training and

be specially welltrained and learned and To him who merely passes by war, and of repressing early and efsee, tiny to home My befitting qualifications for carefully selected action; subversive fectively and any

It just a seem might common training positions. their Such prospective nations the peoples and thing whereby humility. bare Of miliof diplomatic and six years be should

'tis part of unto heaven feeling me, But the with future a to look may all provided internship instruction and tary unseen! abound, joys Where international that security from of schools. credited highly by free, is earth It here on "Palace"my

Such officers or other personnel might be And in it, I am "Queen!"catastrophe war.

148 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

IN CHENANGO COUNTY, NEW YORKJOSEPH SMITH and Jrti Aflteaed Lourt Kecord

did the Prophet Joseph r By after his timeWhereSmith spend FRANCIS W. KIRKHAM, Ph.D. his first vision in May 1820

to about July 1, 1 829, when the writing of the manuscript of the Book of ing for mines, but the major part had been

Mormon was completed? What did employed by said Stowel on his farm, and

he do? Who were his companions? whichgoing toheschool;had occasionallythat he had a lookedcertain stone,at to

Where and what did he read and determine where hidden treasures in the study? Did he attend school? Did bowels of the earth were; that he professed

he come under the influence of perto tell in this manner where gold mines were sons or books that can in any way a distance under ground, and had looked explain the writing or the contents forhim Mr.whereStowelhe couldseveralfind times,those treasures,and informedand

of the Book of Mormon? Mr. Stowel had been engaged in digging

The Prophet tells us in his story for them; that at Palmyra he pretended to

what he did. The Prophet's mother, tell, by looking at this stone, where coined

in and Pennsylvania, buried was atmoneyOliver Cowdery, an John Reid, ascerfrequently at Palmyra had while he torney, fact to the all bear witness lost was, property that in tained where way that Joseph Smith went to Chenango of various kinds; that he had occasionally

County, New York, to work. Unbeen in the habit of looking through this

doubtedly, the Prophet had related stone to find lost property for three years, given it up on pretty much had but of latethe account of the visit of Moroni, for especially his health, injuring of its account

Mr. Reid wrote concerning the arJOSEPH SMITH his eyes-—made them sore; that he did not

rest and trial, and his defense of solicit business of this kind, and had always

Joseph Smith in 1830, making this rather declined having anything to do with assertion: "This, Mr. Chairman, is Knowledge regarding the "Morthis business."

a true history of the first persecution mons."(New York, 1883, Vol. II,

that came upon General Smith in his pp. 15751581.) Then follow the statements of

youth among professed Christians. After describing the contents of Josiah Stowel, Horace Stowel, Arad

..."(Italics, author's.) the Book of Mormon, and summarizStowel and Jonathan Thompson.

. And thereupon the court finds The first reference in the county ing the early life of Joseph Smith, "..

papers to the Prophet's influence apBishop Tuttle wrote: the defendant guilty."

topears have been in November first (the 1823 22, This on September was court of the record alleged '"Phis 1831 and 1832, December when the visit imof Moroni, to Smith Joseph requirethe to not conform does three or zealots"two of wretched this on, time and messenger) from mortal

Mormonism created much excitehe avers, his days and nights were filled and ments of the law as quoted below. It

ment, and made some proselytes in his life was guided, by "visions,""voices,"gives a long confession by the de- a remote district on the borders of and "angels."fendant, Joseph Smith, which the

miles four about was The Hill Cumorah the It gives require. not does law this county Lazarne. and The new that from Palmyra, between town and five whereas, witnesses, of testimony thenconverts to propose removing in the 1827, fall of Here, Manchester. he

'the promised land,'near Painesville, claims he exhumed the golden plates. For the testimony of any witness is not

Ohio."(Appendix, History of Susmore than two years, by the aid of the recorded in a justice of the peace

quehanna County, Pennsylvania, "Urim and Thummim"found with them, he court. There is no record that any

in translating their contents engaged was It is announced witness was sworn. Stocker.

English. into In translathe 1830, March sentence guilty, but no he was found

the printer's given into hands. tion was This The writer thus declares that the

not does record recorded. The is his himself. history light In he is of what reference first in the county papers a of procedure the with conform to others gathered from appeared be may concerning after Smith Joseph came

is the that extract, following trial. before conclusion never pub- A reasonable organized, at the Church was and lished, the of the records from proceedings a written record by the alleged was

the time which Joseph Smith in his before a justice of the peace of Bainbridge, person totally unfamiliar with courtown records in 1830 states that he Chenango County, New York:

was arrested because of his religious "People of state of New York, vs. Joseph procedure.

this court that alleged It appears issued Smith. of Peter oath Warrant upon activities. is mention of made No

that Bridgman, informed is an G. one antiJoseph who three record only quoted by

arrest court this or a record before of disorderly Smith perBainbridge a was its publicasince writers "Mormon"time. impostor. into Prisoner son brought and an

first, tion. Samuel by The W. court Prisoner 20 examined. (1826). March In Tuttle, S. Daniel 1 883, missionItself, Against Traum, Mormonism that he of from a Says Palmyra, town came ary of bishop Idaho Utah, and wrote falsely 43. writer 1910, This page at the of and had house been Josiah Stowel

an article for the New SchaffHer in Bainbridge most of the time since; had claims that, "Tullidge, in his Life of

zog Encyclopedia of Religious small part of time been employed in look- {Continued on page 182)

MARCH 1947 149 DESERET GOLD

voneer onev

LACK of a medium of exchange This gold dust was of inestimable By LESLIE L SUDWEEKS with which to carry on its comvalue to the community, but it did -* merce can be quite as hampernot prove a satisfactory medium of ing to a community or a people exchange due to the difficulty in Museum on Temple Square, were as being without money can be to an making small change and because very elaborate, having been made up individual. A bushel of wheat to there was considerable loss in reby a commercial printer in the East,

pay for a few yards of cloth or a peated weighings. Accordingly, the and were signed by Joseph Smith

bushel of potatoes for a horseshoeing municipal council of Salt Lake City and Sidney Rigdon. Many of the

job is decidedly inconvenient to carauthorized the issuance of paper Saints still retained these worthless ry in one's pocket. Nevertheless durmoney in small denominations. A bills, which were now validated by

ing the early years in the Salt Lake small hand press was obtained, and being countersigned by Brigham valley, "payment in kind"was of Young and Heber C. Kimball, thus

necessity a common practice. fulfilling the prophecy of Joseph

The return of Captain James Smith that the Kirtland notes8 would

Brown from California in December someday be as good as gold.

1847, with the pay for the invalided The Church historian records that detachments of the Mormon BatBrigham Young spent much of his talion, which had wintered at Pueblo, time during January, February, and added about ten thousand dollars in March of 1 849, in weighing in gold

Spanish gold doubloons to the dust and signing and issuing bank monetary fund of the valley. When notes in return. Some idea of the

Brigham Young returned from the volume of these transactions may be

East in September 1848, he brought gained from the entries of Brigham with him eightyfour dollars in small Young's notebook, which show rechange which was distributed ceipts of $13,010 in gold dust during through the community but was enthe ten months from December 10, tirely inadequate to supply the 1848, to October 8, 1849/ need. 1 Through fortuitous circumstances, 'T'he news of the discovery of gold a group of Mormon Battalion memin California had electrified the bers returning from California, nation, and it was only to be exwhere they had been mustered out of pected that some of the Saints, too, the United States Army, stopped at would catch the gold fever. This

in B. H. Roberts, engraving Sketched fromSutter's Fort to obtain temporary "A desire to migrate to the gold fields facing Comprehensive History Church,"of the

employment and in January 1848, page 406, Volume III. was vigorously opposed by Presidiscovered gold. With a practical dent Young in numerous public ut-

"Mormon"sense of values, these terances:

men gathered all the gleaming yelon New Year's day in 1849, Brigham low dust they could in a few month's Young and Thomas Bullock set the You will do better right here than you... Thosetime and carried it to the Salt Lake type and printed the first bank bills will by going to the gold mines.

valley with them. in the valley. These were one dollar whohis peoplestop herewill andmakearemorefaithfulmoneyto Godand andget

notes and were validated by the perricher than you who run after the god of

Jn the First General Epistle of the sonal signatures of Brigham Young this world; and I promise you in the name

First Presidency, issued April 9, and Heber C. Kimball, and Thomas of the Lord that many of you that go thinkwill will rich ing get back, and you come first the clerk. This Bullock, was1849, the item: following appeared here, from never wish gone had away you valin printing Lake the Salt done

will will to long not but back, and be come 8 return portion of a On the of the Mormon ley. will so. of back, able to come do you SomeBattalion the through part of northern

Western California, they discovered an exThree weeks later, January 22, but your friends who remain here will have tensive gold mine, which enabled them by 1849, fiftycent paper bills were isto help you; and the rest of you who are

will return not to as spared much make sufficient to bring delay days'ofa few Kirtland of the sued, the notes the and brethren stay as here do your money who plentiful in thisdust to place money make failed Society, in Safety which had build and help kingdom the Church and up allfor of public ordinary purposes convenience; in the exchange the brethren deposited Ohio during the panic of 1837, were of God; they will prosper and be able to

is over. Here buy you twice legalized. the place God notes, Kirtland isThese oldthe gold dust with the presidency, who

for his people. has appointed bills the orsued still a paper currency; and several examples of which may

resigned,"Kirtland par Safety is on Fund"in of the Information seen Bureau be quoted 1849, 3, as 3History Young, Ms. of Brighamwith gold.

Roberts, op. cit., 407 B. H.

of 2History 1849, Brigham Ms. Young

131 18471869, Neff, L. Utah, History of in cit.. Roberts, the 407; op. B. *B. H. H. History Comprehensive H. Roberts, H. Bancroft.1, as quotedThe in *A. of A

Church, 111:406 History of Utah, 290291 5James Brown, Autobiography, 122

150 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I will commence at the north and go to the were issued in the denominations of wore rapidly, and were slightly unsettlements,south pick and out twentyfive two dollars and fifty cents, five dolderweight.

inhabitantsof our average; as they and another man may take fifty of the gold diggers, lars, ten dollars, and twenty dollars. The temporary paper money was

off hand, and they cannot buy out the twenThe design on the obverse side of retired as the new gold coins came tyfive who have tarried at home.6 these coins consisted of an eye surinto use. On September 10, 1849,

If we were to go to San Francisco and mounted by a miter and the motto: Daniel H. Wells and Thomas Buldig up chunks of gold, or find it here in the "Holiness to the Lord."On the relock had a bonfire and burned bevalley, it would ruin us.7 verse side appeared two clasped tween three thousand dollars and

for the has time the But Saints not of the of come value hands, year issue, and of the dollars four worth thousand 10 1* It isto first gold. dig our to duty develop It is that interesting to note notes. redeemed 8 coin.the agricultural this resources of country. to the the legend, Lord""Holiness prepared In 1858, die was a new

the years seventeen antedated by fivedollar pieces, bearfor coining surprisingly exceptions, few With familiar motto, "In Trust"God We side eagle ing the with obverse an onthe Saints the accepted of counsel latter coins, the as States United on its beehive a on wings outspread andtheir leader to and remained at home until 1 866. not did appear wording inscription the breast, surrounded by agricultural thedevelop of resources

The Millennial Star for May 15, "Deseret Assay Office Pure Gold.their "State of Deseret,"found new

settlements, or to expend their en1850, carried the following item 5D."On the reverse side appeared

( said toergies in the Churchsponsored taken from the New Orleans Daily the figure of a lion couchant search for iron and coal in the southPicayune: symbolize Brigham Young, who was

ern part of the territory. sometimes called "the Lion of the

We are indebted to the mercantile house Lord"), surrounded by the legend

By midsummer of 1849, throngs of James Connally and Co., of this city, for "Holiness to the Lord"in the peculof eager gold seekers from all parts the pleasure of examining a sample of a

figures of the hieroglyphiclike in iar, gold, California of to consignment themof nation the streaming were of alphabet, the date 14 and Deseret the coin, with gold the stamped shape of 15 Saltthrough Lake City on their way

It three of, consists symbols. at the bottom. minting "Mormon"

to the California mines. Extensive specimens, one worth twenty dollars, anstocks of merchandise, freighted other ten dollars, and a third five dollars.

as present appearance the same for muchlaboriously They a than thousand more settlers the Massachusetts as Just coin, gold not so States though the Unitedmiles plains, the across sudwere sufficient currenlacking 1652, of designed. beautifully cut nor The fraction of neatly for ofdenly disposed a their trade, began to is implement cy is color. dull of yellow gold a One

their original cost in the owner's naturally led, on examining these hierothe coinage of their famous Pine feverish haste to reach the gold glyphic looking pieces of treasure, to Tree Shilling, so did the Utah pioland they from of the distant came thoughts allfields. of descriptions Property the later solve two centuries left the neers strange the people have who in all and at offered daily auctionwas manner. in a similar same problem surfaith their religious both on of impress

parts of the city. faces. 11 The last issue of Deseret gold coinThis unexpected flood of cheap age was dated 1860, Governor Almerchandise from the States greatly The Deseret News for October 5, fred Cumming in 1861 16forbidding

stimulated trade and was doubtless 1850, carried this curious item: further minting in Utah, By this

a godsend to the Saints, but it retime a government mint had been set emphasized the need for a satisfacMINT—We stepped into the mint the up in San Francisco, United States

tory medium of exchange, many of other day and saw two or three men rolling money had become plentiful in the the gold seekers being reluctant to out the golden bars, like wagon tires, ready territory, and local coinage was no accept the Salt Lake City paper for the dies. That is what helps make trade longer needed. The Deseret gold brisk.13

notes. coins were called in, remelted, and

The earliest efforts to coin the acNTo alloy was used in these coins sold as bullion17 to the United States curious a ended government. Thus unsucgold dust provedcumulated amount a very small except

in pioneer episode littleknown of and been hadcessful. John Kay emsilver. they were soft, Consequently

ployed to make the first crucibles, history.

but they broke under the heat, and Church,"Andrew167 Jenson, Encyclopedic History of the Mabel Harmer, The Story of the Mormon Piothe attempt was a failure. Another "Quoted in J. Cecil Alter. Utah. The Storied Doneers, 136

1:91 main, to ingenious attempt alphabet was an Deseret 14Thetrial, 1849, was in September made to portray English alphabet construct a phonetic Deseret News, 1:134 The

characters used, few of Thirtyeight were sounds. the for fortunate.more The dies the to conventional resemblance any bearing them

coins were made by John Kay, aslikeEnglishmodernalphabetshorthandalthoughsymbols.severalUtahwereof 1854veryhadmuchbeforeigners lands for from many a melting pot comesisted by William Clayton and HAVENS

in difficulties 9 learning usual the experienced whoThomas Bullock. language in which one letter sometimes representeda

By Ouida Johns a halfdozen different sounds or might be pronounced structure, silent others. hopes High words and adobe A small onestory

leaders Youngin entertained leftBrigham and other by thevariously known as territory alphabet Deseret 'I 'he harbor, like a mother, at whose breast wereofin somethe that the prove would new

Mint or Deseret Assay Office, was The ships seek peace, contented there to ofing invaluableEnglish speech.aid to foreignersAccordinglyand a childrenset of typein learnwas

characters, with schooltwo the obtained and new rest Street,constructed on South Temple first in a published second and reader—were

firm the books—against strong and mountain, script. also of the pubwas new Book The Mormon of east the spot A distance shorta

lesin lished Deseret the alphabet; School Sunday years, of prepared; the records sons were stands, and Church some Hotel the Utahwhere now

efforts, spite In these were of kept manner. faith fears bereft in those Renewing by coins operations. these the Gold however, did popular, not alphabetto house become in newthis

its in tender enfolding home, glow the The educational project a disappointment, proved and the a few years experiment was abandoned. I these, Returning XIII:1718 Star. millennial wanderers—all 167168 op. cit., know, after15Jenson,

''Journal History, October 1, 1848, Ms. eyes impart but more, your Are havens, ibid. cit., 122 6Brown, op.

"Orson F. Whitney, Popular History of Utah, 6162 The haven of an understanding heart. 17Whitney, op. cit., 62

MARCH 1947 151 up and see her gifts as early as she pleased, I thought, she didn't have to wait for anyone. But I didn't see the

real picture: Carol sneaking into a cold,

still living room, quietly opening the packages, and sneaking back to bed no brothers or sisters, no laughter or shouting, no singing. BEAUTIFUL DAY

You always encouraged me to do the things which would improve me, in By MAYDENE BROWN BODELL body, mind, and spirit. I learned to

obey the rules of health, and I had every

I was when you made me study good books. J,ean Davis opened her appointed opportunity to attend good schools and

eyes and sat up in bed. She looked take it back! You tried to teach me the importance

around at the white sheets, the white You taught me kindness, too. "Let of a happy marriage. All of my brothwashstand, and the white walls. us oft speak kind words to each other,"ers and sisters had married good men

She smiled as she noticed that the you said. Profanity and scathing reand women with similar ideals and amfireside. banished our from marks were I bitions. to wanted someone marry the of sun goldday new making was Especially forbidden phrases were such nice, too; that very but very so seemed floor. squares en the upon Looking your as "Shut and up""Mind own I far the see couldn't kind away. what out the that she window, saw said, the business."always you "Do And I friends of the of places kind had and

buds of the trees had started to unto others as you would have them do I went had to do with the man I'd some bloom. It was a beautiful day. unto you."One day Tony, a little day marry. I remember the night that

Jean opened a drawer in the white Italian boy, came over to play with Becky and I got all ready to go to the cupboard beside her bed and took Doris and me. We whispered about carnival to meet a couple of boys she

out a pen and some writing paper. his funny clothes and giggled at the way knew. You stopped us at the front

Fluffing her pillow and propping up he talked, and finally we sneaked away door. You saw that Becky wore too

ourselves. next play you day The by girl, for a and much rouge young you her knees for a desk, she started to to

play, to to and told ask him over me the parties her about I remembered mothwrite.

couldn't see why. er had "thrown"next door. You told

times, in having believed good You little to bring for the us boys a home dearest Mother:My safe harmless and as they long as were party. flashed Becky's eyes and Then

are things I've There so many been to others. used ourselves for and We said, that. she no, couldn't "Oh, do we

tell to wanting for time, long you a I parties. lots sugof but have Whenever it. settled wouldn't come."That They

I didn't how. During the past know started a party, immediately gested you I said I couldn't go, to ran and up You

I days, though, few have been so happy refreshments. planning decorations and the door. and room slammed my

I grateful that and to what say want times there you when were many And on (Concluded 168) page seems very clear. This morning I awoke made a gorgeous ruffled party dress

especially alive, and my first thought with only a day's notice. We went on

was to write and tell you how I feel. lots of trips together—singing, joking,

Today is beautiful. Life has been and laughing. Dad was always there to

good to me, and today the future start us singing a merry song, and you stretches out before me, full of joy, were always ready with a funny game.

hope, and opportunity. Today I am in Sometimes the car was too crowded for

love with life. comfort, but we loved it. Yes, we did

I know that I have done little to make have a lot of fun.

my world a lovely one. Why, then, am But the grass always looks greener

I so happy? Because I have had two on the other side, and so I could always

people to love and guide me and to set find someone to envy. There was Carol,

my feet upon the right path, my wonwho lived next door. One Christmas

derful mother and father. she got a bicycle, a pair of skates, a

I'm glad, Mother, that you believe fountain pen, and a white fur coat. She

to buyin a progressive life. So many people was the only child—the only one

believe in "Here today, gone tomorfor. And her parents put the presents

row"; but you taught me "Here today, under the tree and went to bed, sleeping

another good place tomorrow."You on into Christmas day. She could wake

lived this belief, setting a worthwhile pattern for all six of your children to follow. And since I am the youngest, I

had the other five to prove to me that your way was right.

One of the first things you taught me was honesty. "Honesty is the best

policy,"you said. "It's the only fair way

to play."But sometimes I saw other

children take candy from the corner with it; it almoststore and get away m

profitable. time ftt, oneseemed I remember

when the grocer gave me too much eyesJeanand Davissat up openedin bed. Shehei

change, and I skipped delightedly home looked around at the white to show you the extra dime. How dissheets,and thethewhitewhitewalls.washstand

J52 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA VJitkPictvimsTEACHING

(lSia.UJr. ///. <=JLunn ll>eviyiioviTimeroomspentis briefin andthe Churchvery precious.classHow may it be made as effecSUPERINTENDENT, SALT LAKE CITY PUBLIC SCHOOLS

tive as possible? There are so many

things to teach, and it is so difficult lesson. Interest in a newspaper rethe teacher would do well to ask

to make clear our deepest meaning production of a picture painted by a himself the following questions:

and experiences. Anne Lindbergh Negro artist led a class into a dis- 1. Does the picture tie in readily with the

has pointed out the inadequacy of covery of what the Negro race has subject matter of the lesson?

words as a medium of communicacontributed to American life. 2. Is the picture suitable for the age

tion: Pictures can be used to reflect the group to which it will be shown?

3. Is the subject matter honestly porculture, costumes customs, or of trayed?

. lives, loves, things.. the and dies one can strange people. extend and They 4. Has the picture been properly introlast analysis, not, completelyfor in the are

or the enrich prior to its showing? thought of a poem add ducedexpressible write or to in words. speak To

provided for classroom opportunity 5. Is Living with to a Bible verse. meaning It lie a little. tois almost inevitably is an

picture? the discussion of attitudes fosters pictures tangible in of best the clothe intangible to aattempt an

in the information of sources the 6. Are into to aform; immeasurable compress an will toappreciation good and and costumes, background, to as correct picture art of in the compressionmold. how And pictures all speak Great men. ward on? so social customs, and

is is tornl writertruth mangled and The nationto every language a common fit his unProcrustesthe eternal must who be teacher should case the every Tn age. ality, race, every and every of his his ideas, set to bed guests,happy

words. And in the process, it is inevitable Youth needs to live close to the prepared to introduce a picture

that the ideas have their legs chopped off, beautiful. There is no way to estibefore it is shown. The class should

or pulled out of joint, in order to fit the rigid mate the values that beauty brings be told the purpose of the showing of All one not doesframe. which mean illustrate it is to or sumwhether personalities. know growing We the trying imto to express from ceaseshould already covered marize material by lift one that a beautiful picture may distant at that laborpossible. should One

ideal unremittingly, but one should offer up to realms where the great have the class or whether it is to introduce the results with some humility. lived; it increases love for beauty a new subject for study. It is surwherever beauty may be found and prising how much even a mature perThe use of pictures is one way of remains an abiding joy to bless one son, familiar with the subject will

giving reality to teaching. These as long as memory lasts. miss when a picture is observed only

this reason repeated showaids contain all of the force and perWe need to avoid that which once. For

suasive power of the spoken word, presents a sentimental approach to ing may in some cases be advisable.

plus all of the attentiongetting, atreligion, as well as that which is terIt is extremely important to cotention-holding value of pictures. rifying, grotesque, morbid, or wildordinate the picture with the classThe United States navy has proved ly exciting. Pictures must be wholeroom presentation of subject matter.

by tests that students learn up to some, sincere in presentation of the That is, if a picture is to be used to thirtyfive percent more in a given truth, religious in ideals, and with an introduce a subject, the showing time and retain the knowledge fiftyelement of joy as an additional facshould never predate the teacher's five percent longer when pictures are tor. presentation of the subject more

used in teaching. Yet when impropthan a single class period. If used

erly used, these aids are in large (")ne of the most effective ways of in conjunction with the presentation measure ineffective. A holiday spirit using pictures is by means of of a given subject, the film should be

pervades the class, interest ebbs, obprojection on a screen. Thus all may shown during the time that the subjectives become dimmed, and time is see at the same time, images are ject is under consideration. If used

wasted. made sufficiently large to be clear, as a summary of a topic, the picture

The purpose of this discussion is the teacher may readily point out the should immediately follow the comto indicate the contribution pictures things to receive special emphasis. pletion of the topic.

make to learning and their pertinent For some purposes the still picture is Much of the value of a picture is use in the classroom. Pictures best adapted; for others the movie. lost if the students are not afforded

heighten the joy of delightful experiThe motion picture overcomes the the opportunity to ask and answer ences that are familiar. It is this fact handicaps of time and space. The questions at the end of a showing.

that makes adults cherish collections clock of history is turned back and Classroom discussion ties up what of mediocre snapshots and postcharacters of an age goneby live has been seen, increases the retencards. Pictures help to bridge the and speak again. Distances are comtion powers of the students, and ingap from the familiar to new experipressed, and the class travels across sures closer attention during the,

ences. They act as stimuli to the continents during a single hour. showing. If these few simple suggesimagination and as spurs to the intelFor many subjects the best aid is tions are cultivated in the classroom

lect. Thus we may legitimately use a still picture which may be kept on use of pictures, whether still or movpictures to arouse curiosity and inthe screen long enough for thorough ing, and with just a bit of experimenterest and to encourage a desire to study and interpretations. This is tation on the part of teachers, the

venture toward new realms of work particularly true of art masterpieces. results will more than justify the efand study—to assist in initiating a Before using pictures of any kind, fort.

MARCH 1947 153 BLACK HAWK om oi

[ioneer JimeA

By J. N. WASHBURN

holding both hands tightly clasped against his abdomen, and his face was pinched in pain. He was

wrapped in a dirty blanket.

"Me heap sick,"he muttered thickly. The white man began tugging at the blanket, but he did not

For an instant he thought he tug long. Only a glance was needed

must have imagined the knock.

to show him that something was seriously wrong. There was a frightful bloody streak across the chief's

He tried to dig a well from which stomach. A second glance proved it

to supply cold water to weary wayto be a wide deep tear. There was no

farers. After going down three hunquestion about it; Black Hawk was

dred fiftyfour feet, however, and heap sick!

finding no water, he gave that project 1 water up and afterward hauled his all the way from the Jordan River. BLACKThisbut isit ais storyalso theof Blackstory Hawk,of anHAWK

other man, and we must go ()ne night, in the fall of 1861, at back a few years for a little of the twelve o'clock, there was a background of the other man. knock at the door of the rock house.

It takes us back to Philadelphia Jody's wife and baby were in bed, in the early days when Elder John and he was in the act of pulling off

Taylor converted a man named Johis shirt in preparation for retiring.

seph Dorton. Dorton, shortly after For an instant he thought he must

his conversion to the "Mormon"have imagined the knock. A second

Church, left his home and moved to and more persistent one, however,

Salt Lake City. soon convinced him that there really

In Salt Lake City he opened a was someone at the entrance.

butcher shop on property he bought, Picking up the tallow dip that He explained simply and apparon the southwest corner at Third served his primitive dwelling as a ently without anger that he had been

South and Main Street. He was light, Jody moved quietly to the having an argument with one of the

hardly settled, however, when Presidoor. men of his tribe and had been shot.

dent Brigham Young called him to "Who's there?"he called. "Me sick,"he repeated. "You my

go south to Evansville, now Lehi, "Friend."The answer sounded friend. You help."

and help to build up that community. queer or muffled, the man thought. He seemed at that particular moJody, as he was familiarly known, For just an instant he was perplexed, ment to have more confidence in his

at once traded his shop and land for but he was far too hospitable a man friend's ability to help him than Dor- a yoke of oxen and moved to the to keep anyone standing outside his ton himself had. The pioneer had

community. He did not locate in door. faced many kinds of problems in his

Lehi, but went west about thirteen "Come in,"he called cordially, colorful life, but there had never bemiles and established a sort of halfand probably busied himself by pokfore been one like that. Nevertheway house on the old Pony Express ing his shirttail back into his trouless, his hesitation was short.

trail, then the government road sers. He told the suffering man to lie

traveled by the soldiers at Camp The heavy door swung back slowon his back on the floor, and even as

Floyd. He did a good business in ly, and into the uncertain light the Indian slumped down, Jody

milk, eggs, meat, and such lines of staggered a human form. It was moved into the deeper shadows ofgroceries as the times afforded. The Black Hawk—as big as life—but the room. An instant later he turned

soldiers traded with him. Many peowhat a pitiful Black Hawk. There and knelt by Black Hawk's side,

ple traveled the road, and frequentwas no proud swagger or angry placing the light where it would do ly some sought night lodgings at tossing of the head just then. Dorthe most good. In his large, muscular

Jody's rock house. ton was startled. The Indian was (Concluded on page 166)

154 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA i2=Mnrcm SPRING WAS HERE CLOUDS AT NIGHT HOME

By Catherine B. Berry By Thelma Ireland By Jon Beck Shank

little like balls, crystal clouds, that spring T last night, npHE here was KNOW there, near me, should pass HPell you path. in the bright moon's "Bounce * gently this lane, Walked down the of the columns stand homeland * How a must she because be moon The there's For in April a touch of corn? takes bath. bubble a She silver rain; misty, This steps that into reach of wheat The

And there's a breath of Maytime in Who stands thereon? the sun,

The wind that hurries by;

A wisp of June is shining in SINGERS OF THE WORLD What scarlet flowers burn the orchard fence?

That blue patch in the sky. By Evantha Caldwell Who rides the apple limbs in springtime

snow.

It's much too soon for miracles, A mockingbird upon a topmost bough And grows to sympathy in colder rain?

Too early in the year, ** Trilled out its aria for all to hear, Who finds that love stays there while sumThere's nothing still near melody mers go? A tangible—but so intimate—so

that spring I know was here! It filled the very heart with wonder how,

When bustling traffic scarcely would allow Oh, bring me seasons of my home, my home;

A sentence fully heard, this music clear Tell me, how smells the air after the war;

MY GREATGRANDMOTHER Could reach so sweetly every listening ear Are the runnels pinned with lacy watercress,

To soothe the harried lines from many a Do the lilacs faithfully close the door?

By Grace McKinstry brow.

T am growing like a tree; From harshness of the street, a gay relief, TellHelp me,me shouldto hearyousweetpass laughternear there;singing

* Mother's just a little taller, His song was like a joy poured from back!

But it seems so queer to me above.

Grandma Barrows should be smaller; Was it because the singer faced the sky

his grief forgot in its depths woodland And And my greafgrandmother,—my!

in his small, wild heart Remembering lots She's LINES BUSY! shorter now than I.

God's love?

She is very old indeed. Oh, singers of the world, look high—look By Maryhale Woolsey

She'll be ninety next September, high!

And the things most people read Each Monday in a little town

Greatgrandmother can remember; Is gossirjday. Go up and down

streets, quiet eye keep an and lived she Once Indians where were; OVERFLOWING HEART The

al! the as by, yards pass you On her! if they captured had What Lane Stanaway Christian By clotheslines the every house At sway

In breeze; sun and they have a way she'd died fright have of Maybe shall for today? I thank Him bit "all clean!) wet,"perhaps, but (A she them shooting saw When a small house arrows; WhatFor brown I telling things. Here's mean: what in a deep, Of had, If she perhaps might we green wood,

have had Not Grandmother Barrows; the trees that garden a where For grows shine, to housewife, "A-one"bound An where would And be? my mother stood, once nine; her out have Will hung by wash there And, would have been a windfingers clothes clean scenting on "me"? For lazy, sick, or must be slow, One

the line, Who doesn't hang till noon or so.

For sun's shadowlace pattern through And inbetweens of all degrees

SPRING RAIN branches of pine, Take status as compared with these.

By Joseph R. Meservy For theircountlesspart small blessings all doing Family lines are always joys... 0(./i

overalls of Stout boys, husky in heart, the happiness here deepen my 've folk heard of like don't rain, To who skirts bright dresses and young I gay And just sleepered lad have a For youngI is that rain full say of gloom; Who Telling stay. dainty daughters where rest, to tucked I rain theBut hear when again,

the of growingup (Behold them life close to cradled a For wee new m I'll think in of flowers bloom;

in letout tuck hem!) Revealed and breast.I'll think of that lawns are new, made

And leaves that glisten in the sun, Those "didies"blowing white and square

And hillsides with a greener hue Boast of a precious baby there;

After the storm is done. Next door, plain clothes for two, fullgrown

Poor folk,—no child to call their own.

A MOTHER'S PRAYER A grandma's thrifty mended sheets

By Pat Patterson ( Brave triumphs over life's defeats)

Look gently, kindly wise beside

Pear Lord, this is my daughter: The bright new linens of a bride....

*-* Fill her life with happiness;

Protect and guide her coming years; And thus the friendly gossip flies

Keep her lovely eyes from tears; The while each household washing dries.

What her heart fromKeep undue pain; On Mondaysfun, to inwandera littleuptown!and down selfishness herGuard from and false pride,

From anger at some whim denied;

And as the years come and go, lovelier she the grow.May SKY AT DAWNPlease, Lord, dear keep pure her mind

Lest lodgment of wrong thoughts defile; By Martha Stewart

Give her wisdom, grace, and charm, A Young Writer, Age 12

To grow more radiant, safe from harm.

Give her strength and courage '"Phe bursting buds made a pattern on the

For each new task; "* sky,

Keep her free from sin, and, please, dear The dewdrops sparkle on the lawn.

Lord, let her stay And the pitterpatter of tiny fairy feet

As lovely, blithe, and gay, Are heard as the sun floods the sky with

As she, my Gleaner daughter, is today.—Photograph. Harold M. Lambert dawn.

MARCH 1947 155 TLJeard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt "A Lake Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio

By RICHARD L EVANS network through KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System every Sunday at 11:30 a.m. Eastern Time, 10:30 a.m. Central

Time, 9:30 a.m. Mountain Time, and 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time.

Jke J-nulleae of Kbepemancep Jke uriodit'j

to humankind is a comWf& frequently hear people speak of making good A characteristic common resolutions, but not so frequently do we hear them pelling curiosity, for which we may well be gratespeak of repenting. And yet, is not the sincere resolve ful. Of course, like all other attributes, curiosity may

to do better in the future, like unto repenting of the become excessive or perverted. But a wholesome

past? There are many kinds of repentance and many curiosity moves us to learning and impels us to progthings to repent of, both in moral and material matters. ress. Indeed, when eagerness for learning leaves, it is

There is repentance for doing things in old and inevidence of a lagging interest in life. Curiosity is espeefficient ways, repentance from holding tenaciously to cially acute in children and may become exasperating

outmoded methods, not because they are good, but to puzzled parents because there are some questions because they are habitual. There could well be, for which we may not be prepared to satisfy with readily

example, repentance by the man who has plowed and available answers. Indeed, there are some questions for

planted wastefully and persistently, year after year, which we have no readily available answers to satisfy while ignoring all the knowledge that could help him even those who hold themselves to be much wiser than make better use of his land. There could be repentance children. And often even the answers we know to be

for perpetuating old fallacies, repentance for careless true are exceedingly difficult to tell in terms of childand inaccurate thinking, repentance for letting others hood. If too many of the vital questions of children

do too much of our thinking, repentance for living beremain unsatisfied, we may leave them without susfor blind repentance means, prejudice. ouryond And tenance on which to grow. But if our answers are of course,always, be need of repentance there may

beyond their years and beyond their preparedness tofrom evil speaking, evil thinking, and from other frequently mentioned moral offenses. In addition to perreceive them, we may also do much damage. We do

verse appetites, one of the things that most frequently not feed coarse fare to tender foals. And so, with faith

gets in the way of repentance is false pride, which is and conviction, trusting to motherly instinct and paterone of the costliest things in the world. Often it would nal good sense, we must always earnestly endeavor to

seem to be even more difficult to admit an error than it satisfy the wholesome hunger for knowledge. And

is to correct one. When once we have set out on a wrong children and youth, for their part, must learn to accept

road, it isn't always easy to make the decision to turn some things on the word and the wisdom of their around and begin over again. But neither pride nor parents, until more knowledge, more light, more maturstubbornness nor vanity prevent should our making ity, truth shall confirm more the as we, facts—even that shouldamends for whatever has been done not all of us, as children of God, our Father in heaven,

have been done. ever grateful be And we should for learn to accept some partial answers with the promise

the privilege for if of repentance, there were no posmust learn to live with thissibility of repentance or forgiveness, life would hold litof repletion to come. We

tle hope for any of us. But if we can face the future with compelling curiosity of youth, and lead them step by

faster than their years, nor yet so slowlyan earnest effort to profit by the mistakes of the past, step—not

and with an honest determination not to repeat them, that they will seek satisfaction elsewhere. Thank God

we can give meaning and purpose to things to come. for the great gift of a wholesome curiosity and for the

Call it repentance, call it good resolutions, call it what promise of an everunfolding eternal truth, which will you will, we have cause to be exceedingly grateful for one day bring to all of us the answers we so much the privilege of repentance. seek.

- January 5. 1947.—January 12, 1947.

156 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Ljod avid LAnaniwered \csJue5Liovi5 \ Jpinion6 vUitkout /\edpondiblut

belief in are those because disavow God,TThere who does the world in which he is omnipotent not always N<'ospeculateddoubt thereas tohavewhatbeenwetimeswouldwhendo withall oftheusworldhave seem to us to be managed as well as it might, and beif we were running it. Not infrequently we hear people

cause the children of whom he is the Father have so who are outspoken on the subject and who confidently frequently misconducted themselves. No doubt many say: "If I were running things, I would do it differentit often happens that people with least responwho take this position are earnestly sincere. They ask ly!"And

questions for which they find no answers, and they sibility for a particular problem seem to have the it. opinions of profusion greatest concerning doctor Achoose therefore to assume that the only One who could

is inclined to case a serious with his hands say onanswer them does not exist. They ask (as all of us little

caller casual every almost treathas a tried—whiledo ): Why did this or that have to happen? Why does if ailment ment to offer. an a man with were And

God permit war? Why does he permit men to do evil? take all the counsels of his friends, he may well be killedto

does misfortune, meet while a just man unanWhy it "cures."wellintentioned by them be With mayjust seemingly prospers? fail man did to we Why it life. conversation. merely him be his very With may

find the happiness looking were the for or blessing we it less traditional or Also that has become more bachwe were praying for? To satisfy such queries is not elors give excellent advice on marriage, and that those

easy, but perhaps we can suggest a possible approach who have no family responsibility often have their with a few further questions: Are our own children favorite formulas for the rearing of children. Even

always obedient to our wishes? Do we always physigrandparents are sometimes more confident as to how

cally force them to do what we know they ought to to rear their grandchildren than they were their own allow them in using some freedom,do? Or do we and partly they because have had more

their freedom they get into sometimes trouble? do

less they because Do children—perhapsexperience, and partly responhave

they ever quarrel with each other? Do they ever acsibility. And often it would seem that many who are

cuse us of favoring one against another? Do we always muddled by minor problems can see at a glance how

give them what they ask for? Do our answers and to solve the world's major problems. Before a man

decisions always satisfy them? You see, the Lord God has been invested with an office or a responsibility, he

has children, too, and has given them their freedom, declare himself every on may confidently issue—butwhich at times they mismanage, and so the world and

is his, he is charged an actual obligation when when men have their troubles. It is no doubt within his power with the consequences, he learns to respect counselto force them—but to what purpose? Better to teach and caution, and he learns that few problems are as

them correct principles, open their eyes to the consesimple as they seem, and that few questions are wholly quences, and permit them their choice. If everyone onesided. And before taking in too much territory,

were in a strait jacket, if everyone were pulled by even conversationally, before presuming to run the puppet strings, how would anyone learn to live? Some affairs of others, we could well begin to demonstrate

questions this will satisfy, some it may not. But despite the soundness of our opinions and the scope of our

all that is beyond our present power to answer, we abilities by running well the things that are ours to run need have no fear of eventual justice and compensation, including our own families, and our own lives. Opinions

and eventual understanding of facts, where now we without responsibility may be permitted and even must proceed on faith. We do not deny our parents welcomed, but they should be looked upon with careful

because we do not always understand them. Let us not scrutiny-—because what a man says he would do if he

deny God because we do not understand why or how could, may be quite different from what he does do the world got this way. when he can.

—January 19. 1947. Copyright. 1947.—January 26, 1947.

MARCH 1947 157

JsnsHORBHurasjiy

Missionary Farewells tion in the minutes of a special confercity schools as well as being active in

HPhe First Presidency has made the ence of elders held in Nauvoo, April the Sunday Schools of the Provo Stake.

following suggestions to the presi10, 1843, that "William Brown and dents of stakes regarding missionary Daniel Cathcart,"were called to Radio Speaker farewells "Pensacola, Florida,"to build up T"\r. Thomas C. Romney, prominent

churches. It was not until 1895 that the educator and author, and former

(1) The bishops of wards should apFlorida District was organized. president of the Central States Mission,

prove the programs and direct the services Florida is a part of the Southern will begin a series of radio addresses on of all missionary farewells, no matter when States Mission, where in the 'seventies the Church radio hour Sunday evening, held. All missionary farewells, whenever and 'eighties, elders were whipped and at 9:00 Mountain Standard Time, over

held, and designed to should encourage be their testimony 2. for killed proclaiming title of the March The general KSL,

faithbuild the the missionary, of and up long It has, gospel. however, series the Centennial."of the "Behind will be

in the with sacred charshould keeping be acter of missionary work. since become a fruitful field for misMusic for the programs will be fur-

(2) Where missionary farewells consist sionary endeavor, and the Florida nished by a newly organized eighteen of entertainment programs which partake of Stake is the achievement of over one voiced choir, under the direction of the nature of a concert, including songs, hundred years of labor by all conJohn Marlowe Nielson.

recitations, readings, dancing parties, and cerned.

like matters, they should be held on weekAnd since the organization of a stake Welfare Aid Dies notdays only on Sunday. and it is occurrence, monthly a almost of chairman Clyde Brown, "Plder J.

held farewells are missionary Where (3) histhe interesting to review might be agricultural the and budget comthe as conducted should theyon be Sunday, first organizations. stake of tory The of mittee program, welfare the Church services, Fast exceptregular on sacrament Kirtland the the of stake Church was in his at Boise, died Idaho, Januhome will the sacrament evenings whenSunday organized February Stake, which was 1. old. sixty years ary was services He administered.of course not be The

its presias 17, the Prophet 1834, with the deaddress include short from amight as sustained dent. was David Whitmer fromparting missionary, and an address Dedications

stake, the Claypresident of second misthe family representing of thesomeone Plder Antoine R. Ivins of the First 3, 1834. Adamondi- Caldwell, desired. bishop onsionary, July if that be The

would of course give a short talk covering Ahman, Nauvoo, Zarahemla, Lima, Council of the Seventy dedicated such matters as the missionary's character Quincy, Mount Hope, Freedom, Gentwo chapels, one at Mobile, Alabama, and ward activity and the need of the prayeva, and Springfield, were all names of and the other at Greenville, South ers of the ward members for the success of stakes that were organized in the East. Carolina, during a tour of the Southern

his mission and his safe return home. They were all disorganized when the States Mission.

went West. There is no objection to taking conSaints oldest stake in the Church today To Increase Subscriptions The

tributions at the door for the missionis the Salt Lake Stake, which was orTn a campaign for increasing subscripary, at either the weekday or the Sunganized October 3, 1847, with John tions to The Millennial Star, its day evening farewell service. Smith as president. The second stake editors are turning to former British

to be organized in the valleys of the residents, former missionaries to BritRed Cross mountains was the Weber Stake (Ogain, and former servicemen who may

The First Presidency has sent a letter den, Utah ), being formed January 26, have become acquainted with the Star to the bishops of the Church, re1851, with Lorin'Farr as president. while overseas.

questing them to urge the members to Other stakes have been organized The subscription price is $1.50 a year

support the Red Cross in its annual throughout the years, only to lose their for this monthly magazine, which has drive for funds to carry on its work of original identity through divisions and the distinction of being the oldest conmercy at home and abroad. The Red reorganizations that have meant nametinuously published periodical of the

Cross will endeavor to raise sixty milchanging only. The membership has Church. Money may be sent in Amerilion dollars during its campaign in remained to carry on under a new can currency, international money orMarch. name. In Church statistics, when the der, or American Express money order

number of stakes is reported, it means to:

Florida Stake that they have been numbered from the The Millennial Stat "pLORiDA Stake was organized January Salt Lake Stake, and have counted only 149 Nightingale Lane *- 19, 1947, by the late Elder Charles those stakes which are organized toBelham, London SW 12

A.Callis and Elder Harold B. Lee of the day. England

Council of the Twelve. Officers of this,

the one hundred sixtythird stake, are Sunday School Board East Cache Stake

Albin C. Chace, president, and Elmer '"Pwo new members have been added "Past Cache Stake was organized in

Coleman Madsen, and Jacquard M. to the Deseret Sunday School Union northern Utah February 2, from

Lindsey, counselors. general board: portions of the Cache Stake.

The stake, having a membership of Mrs. Hazel W. Lewis, wife of John J. Howard Maughan was sustained

approximately three thousand, is com- R. Lewis of Salt Lake City, who has as president of the new stake with

prised of the Jacksonville, Springfield, written extensively for The Children's El Ray L. Christiansen and Clarence

Wesconnett, Lake City, Palatka, AxFriend and has prepared lesson ma- A. Hurren as his counselors. W. W.

son, and Waycross wards. There are terial for the smaller children of the Owens was retained as Cache Stake

five branches also in the stake. Primary. president with L. Tom Perry, first counPossibly the first mention of Florida Miss Hazel Fletcher of Provo, who selor, and Casper W. Merrill, second

in Church history is the oneline inseris elementary supervisor of the Provo counselor.

158 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA East Cache Stake includes the Logan Primary Hospital ern California as the centennial of the

Fifth. Logan Tenth, North Logan, Hyde XT early twenty thousand officers and arrival of the Mormon Battalion into

Park, and Benson wards, and the Canteachers of the Primary AssociaSan Diego was marked, late in January.

yon Heights Branch. Cache Stake now tion made their annual St. Valentine's The Battalion was formed at the reincludes the Logan Third, Fourth, and day drive to obtain funds for the operaquest of the federal government in July

fight the Mexican War.Ninth wards. The organization of this, tion of the Children's Hospital—a pen1846, to help

the one hundred sixtyfourth stake, was ny for each year of the age of the conOutfitted at Fort Leavenworth, it travunder the direction of Elders Albert E. tributor. eled the southern route, building many

Bowen and Matthew Cowley of the In the twentyfive years that the hosof the roads they used, and arrived in

Council of the Twelve. pital has been in operation, it, with the San Diego, January 29, 1847.

help of the "birthday pennies,"has

New Wards helped over three thousand children, of North Jordan Stake

T ogan Sixth and Seventh wards have all races and creeds, to become capable, "NJorth Jordan Stake was organized been divided to organize the Logan happy, and useful citizens. in Salt Lake County January 12.

Thirteenth and Fourteenth wards. BishMormon Battalion Centennial It received the Hunter and the Granger

op of the Thirteenth Ward is LaVor IITore than one hundred descendants First and Second wards from the

M. Hislop, and the bishop of the Fourof the men of the Mormon BattalOquirrh Stake; the Redwood Ward

teenth Ward is Ernest G. Earl. ion joined Church members in south- (Concluded on page 168)

MISSIONARIES ENTERING THE MISSIONARY HOME Stenquist, Elwin H. Elliott, Darrel Garner, George W. E. Thomas, George Kay Hardy, Blanche Campbell.

JANUARY 6, AND DEPARTING JANUARY 16, 1947 Bruerton, Alice M. Bruerton, Kenneth B. Lundquist, Eighth row: LeRoy Evenson, Dale R. Hawkins,

First row, left to right: Marjorie Fitt, Ray Merrell, John E. Brown, Earl J. Garfield, Ferrel G. Nelson, WilLew Judd Allsop, Richard B. Burton, L. D. Barrett,

Elizabeth W. Adams, Lola Johnson, Ruth Van Leuven, liam Dyer. Walter J. Sveden, Shirley Salm, C. L. Olsen, Norm

Beth McBride, Don B. Cotton, director; Omer FarnsFifth row: Eloise Snider, Glen A. James, Paul F. Gardner, Harold S. Madsen.

worth, Paula B. Nauman, Doris Randall, Irene BarPrice, Kyle Brinkerhoff, James P. Olsen, Ray H. Ninth row: John Truman Hansen, Clifford G.

rett, Dorothy Gardner, Anna Heri, Franz Heri. Gleave, Elm Dale Hawkins, Leo N. Stratton, Ellery J. Savage, Stanley E. Dalton, Verl E. Taylor, Alton

Second row: Ethel Shingleton Alexander, W. Homer Wight, Owen Parkinson, Robert D. Castleton, Lona D. Pendleton, Melvin R. Bodily, Harold Glen Clark,

Longhurst, Ruth L. VanCott, Albert C. Walker, lla May Pincock, Sigrid Johnson. Leonard G. Jensen, Vernon Woodbury, Duane C.

Bell Hughes, Agnes Beecher, John H. Haslam, Harold Sixth row: La Rue Sneff, Clark Wager, LeRoy C. Price.

K. Redd, M. Glen Jones, W. Grayson Gurr, Ivan J. Heaton, John Bruce Christensen, Lynn R. Wright, Tenth row: Dean L. Maughan, Alan L. Harris,

Liechty, Jane Pritchett, Mabel L. Kilian. Wayne R. Whithck, LeVirl E. Tolman, David John Edsel Tbolen, Galen S. Woolley, Keith L. Bunker,

Third row: Burke Giles, Ruth Stephensen, Colleen Borg, Lynn Allen Ballard, Dee A. Moultrie, Hazel Robert G. Larson, Hendrik deBoer, Anna deBoer,

Poppleton, Will L. Adams, Elizabeth Hinckley, Elmer Olsen. Robert Clair Neel, Lysle G. Munns.

Fullmer, Lawrence W. Clark. Nolan Montgomery, Reed Seventh row: Willis M. Branch, William H. Tingey, Eleventh row: Eldon Cox, Newell Warr, Carl Paul-

K. Storey, Dean L. Marshall, Levar B. Myler, Elsmer Jr., Jesse K. Wheeler, Jr., Richard M. Young, Charles sen, Scott Orrock, Fred W. Mason, Earl J. Jorgenson,

G. Kern, Verl Brown. H. Peacock, Hubert T. Henderson, Ben E. Rowlings, John D. Warner, Gerardus J. Scheuller, Thane Imlay,

Fourth row: Leah Jensen, Grace Black, LaVon Jay Hughes, Linden B. Dial, Gordon K. Risser, Charles John M. Tippets.

MISSIONARIES ENTERING THE MISSIONARY HOME John Riggs Davis, LaMar L. Empey, John Taylor Hyde, Eighth row: Elnora Olsen, C. Reed Tolman, J.

JANUARY 20, AND DEPARTING JANUARY 30, 1947 Fred Kohler Holbrook, Martha S. Stolworthy, William Wesley Paulsen, Glen L. Steed, Bert G. Wilcox, R.

Stolworthy, D. Hogenson, Mary Reed Cordery, Brown, David George Raymond McDougal, Emma W. left First to right: row, Charles A. Edwards, Mar-

L. J. A. Wilford Brown, Hulse, Bird, Alvin Wiseman. Ivo Hansen, Evan D'On W. Packard, Louis Martin,gery D. Frank Lou Heber Avon

Jr., Fifth E. E. Lee, Stuart, row: Ralph Claude Memmott. B. S. Cotton, director; EarlBingham, Duerden, Don

J. T. Nilsson, Melvin Ralph Donald row: Paul Ninth Whitaker, H. Gardner, Eugene Romney, W. W. Brimley, Craig, C. Lloyd Jay H. Redd,Mary Leo

Shields, Glazier, Davis, Joseph C. Grant Fielding Francis Grant D. Jensen, Jensen, Paul Byron Arthur W. Huber.Howell, Marguerite

E. Bates, Burt, Clark, Rich L. G. Richard L. Jarman, Prentice Maurice Lowder, Chapman, DaleM. Wayne

Johnson, Darrow: Campbell, Hal Rene Second M. S. E. Blaine Smith. Morris, Tingey, R. Burton Memmott, Omer

rell L. Gorbrett, Jensen, Bette Moses, M. Maxine Bendixsen. D. row: Rackley, Tenth Walter A. McLean, Ray Hugh

Elliott, Duffin, Saunders,fern Milo Hal Velma James Sixth E. row: Frost, T. Jean Lunt, Keith Jeppson, Jorgenson, C. Young, Peterson, Reed LaRue Evan

Jr., K. R. Kirkham, Ward, Adams, Thomas M. Max K. Donald Nelson, Mariner Witzel, A. L. JorMunk, Campbell, John A. Neal John MaxRaymond W.L.

Tenney.Clara well, H. Blaine C. Stephenson, B. Hibbert. Johnston, Jensen, gensen, Peter Robert Dale Delvan D.

Third row: Kirk Bullock, Kenneth Nield, Lincoln K. Owens, Ralph L. Jack, George N. Erickson, John Eleventh row: Wallace D. Chatwin, Vern A. StratBell, Normand Laub, Delbert N. Cromwell, Howard H. S. Omer. ton, James Jay Chudy, Kenneth E. Hogenson, Reed

Williams, Robert H. Green, Alden H. Beesley, On/in Seventh row: John L. Sorenson, Blaine L. Kunz, M. Izatt, William L. Btackwell, Robert D. Low.

H. Gubler, Robert G. Morris, Josephine D. Oleson, Kenneth Burningham, Omer C. Kemp, Jack W. Hale, Twelfth row: Frank L. Cottrell, Nets A. Newman,

Oley C. Oteson, Ronald O. Howell. J. Stanford Staheli, Donald T. Frischknecht, Burton Ira William Hatch, Reed Kent King, Woodford E.

Fourth row: W. Eldon Lundberg, Verl T. Dahl, Donald Brown, Grant Kidd Patten, Lorry E. Rytting. Hatton, DeCon Pitcher, D. Richard Low.

MARCH 1947 159 under his hands. He was their general—but such

a general! Each one was to him as a son or daughter. He took the place for a time of the parents at LonFerence rfotice home. Surely there was work to be done, industriously and under necessary discipline; but it must

The one hundred and seventeenth annual be made to contribute to the welfare of each worker.

conference of the Church of Jesus Christ This host of his missionaries became another fairuly of Latterday Saints, to which all Church in whose successes he took a proud delight.

members are invited, will convene in the tabHe had loyal help, whether as missionary, misernacle, Salt Lake City, Utah, Friday, Satursion president, or apostle. His intelligent, devoted,

day, and Sunday, April 4, 5, and 6, 1947, with loving wife, carried silently but deftly and efficientgeneral sessions each day at 10 a.m. and 2 ly many of his burdens. It was teamwork of the

p.m., and the general priesthood session, Sathighest order for the common cause of the Lord.

urday evening, April 5, at 7 p.m. After her death, shortly before his own passing,

he said, "After the day's work, when returning to my home, I would invariably call, 'Grace, Grace, where are you?'Now she is not there to meet me;

I miss her most."

Charles A. Callis, faithful, powerful servant in

the Lord's cause, was loved and blessed by the

Lord. He was taken home while among the people

of the South, whom he loved; and his passing was

XhwicLO. withoutharness, precedingfor as usualpain.he wasHeengageddied literallyin God's inwork.the

organized. in been first the South had stake The The)J7l/67First Presidency last as he leaned his spoken word, "Grace"was

back in the automobile with a sigh, and entered the greater realm of life. Grace was there to meet him!

From the throne of God through the corridors of heaven came the divine reward, "Well done, thou

A. W. LkaneS yv. Latii15 good and faithful servant."—/.

,rpHE voice of Charles A. Callis is stilled among

mortal men; but it echoes over the Southern eicome

States, and in the hearts of all, everywhere, who heard his eloquent defense of the gospel of Jesus \KJe welcome and present to Era readers Elder

Christ. Like Paul, whom he admired, he bore witDoyle L. Green, who has been appointed asness of his faith, unafraid, before men of high or sistant managing editor of the growing Improvelow degree. The truth he thus sowed drove prejment Era. He is "Mormon"reared and trained. As

udice from men's souls and laid opposition in the an Eagle Scout from his M.I.A. days, and later

dust. He made it easier for us to proselyte for the as a missionary to Tahiti, he showed intelligent

latterday kingdom of God.

participation in Church activities. His college

Thousands who heard his voice were pricked in training, and later his professional experience in their hearts and sought peace in the waters of bappublicity and journalism, showed capacity and tism. They became as members of his family, and resourcefulness in his daily work. His wife, ElVera

as such he received them. As the waves of life

moved upon them, they rejoiced or sorrowed toCampbell, former missionary, and Carma, 6, and gether, and they shared the most sacred experience Randall, 3, and an infant daughter, make with him of their new life with him. He became their mentor, a happy family picture. The Era needs more editheir inspirer, their beloved leader. torial help. We know that Elder Green will find

Thousands of soldiers in the army of Christ, misjoy in helping supply our Era family with a monthly sionaries sent out to preach the gospel of life and meal of good reading, fitted for Latterday Saints.

salvation, mostly young men and women, passed Again, A. W. welcome!—/.

160 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

JETSMKJTJNEIM

Come Talks to Young People By MARY BRENTNALL

About Current Problems

cumstantial evidence. A long train

Thiswhat,month,I fear,I wantis an tounpopularwrite on ride,who smoke,a businessevenmeetinga social withgathering,those subject. Any number of young may impregnate one's clothing

people have complained to me that perhaps even one's lungs. At times

we talk too much about the Word of we all become secondhand smokers!

Wisdom. "It isn't all that imporBut I became conscious of the fact

tant,"they say "We should be that whether these young people teaching the principles of loving our were smokers or just carriers of the neighbors, of unselfishness, and tolodor, I had a reasonably tolerant retheir action to persons. the fundamentalerance—teaching so Not years ago, I would many all this havingvirtues, instead of

I mightconstant preaching about smoking have been startled—at least,

and drinking."even have thought that they should

"Why I know a man,"one girl exhave stayed home from Church.

claimed, "who wouldn't think of Years ago, conscious of that point drinking a cup of coffee, and yet he of view, most of them did stay home.

thinks nothing of cheating his neighFunerals, the blessing or confirmabor in a business transaction."tion of a child, perhaps the participaThis is how a good many young tion on the program of a member of

people feel, and, while I question the family were the sole and isolated inducements for entering the meetwhether—aside from some authoritatively designated virtues and sins inghouse.

in to us are a position of—many

are the important mostsay which JUTany factors have contributed to a attitudes combine to establish the rules of life. shift in emphasis. The war is tolerance of today which is not only

perhaps the major cause. The oftex- very apparent now but which is also So—I cannot help sympathizing

in some degree with this young point pressed idea that the erring boy or growing rapidly. Whether this tolof view, but I still want to write about girl is still "ours,"a child of our erance is to be a healthy, beautiful

the Word of Wisdom because it Heavenly Father, with outstanding force or a detriment in the lives of fascinates me. I think about it a abilities which the Church needs, the young people of today, depends

great deal. I always have thought fortunately, is finding wider acceptupon their understanding, their honabout it. ance. Then, too, we recognize that, esty, and their courage. It depends

perhaps, he needs the Church. upon their willingness and ability to

Tn my childhood days, I once asked I said that the war accelerated this face facts.

an elderly woman, an otherwise change. Our young men and women It seems to me, that the purposes

devout member of the Church, why came back—some of them smokers of this article would not be served,

she drank coffee. She replied, "Oh, and drinkers. Most of them, not, I particularly, by an enumeration or

I don't think my Heavenly Father believe, but a great many of the explanation of the values of the will keep me out of heaven on that latter with this attitude, "No, I didn't Word of Wisdom. An earnest stuaccount."She was a lovely person, touch the stuff and don't intend to, dent of the eightyninth section of

and I certainly never presumed to but some of the finest men I ever met, the Doctrine and Covenants will find know what my Father in heaven was did, and I don't want anything said much in it besides prohibitions. It

going to do, so I was silenced. But about it. It's their affair. They are has been called "the modern law of

I didn't feel then, and haven't since, my friends, and I'm proud to know health."To me, its deep spiritual

that she answered my question. I them."And so we have two points implications go far beyond physical

felt evaded. I have come to the conof view which contribute to our acwell-being. Every word is apt and

clusion that a lot of our thinking ceptance of the smokers and drinkmeaningful. Each reading will bring

about the Word of Wisdom is evaers. One is that maybe we can help to light new and thoughtprovoking

sion. them overcome their bad habits by ideas. Remarkable blessings are

The other Sunday I sat in sacrabeing friendly and intimate with promised to the obedient. Much litment meeting next to a young man them where, otherwise, we'd just be erature is available on the subject.

and woman whose persons exuded a giving them a shove in the downStories from actual life, scientific inheavy tobacco odor. I found myself ward direction. And the second is vestigations, philosophy, and moral

remembering that one doesn't always expressed by, "He's actually a better interpretation form the large amount have to smoke oneself to become man than I am, so "why should I preof reading, open to the interested.

thoroughly saturated with the cirsume to criticize him?"These two ( Continued on page 1 84

MARCH 1947 16T

TIME IS MY PARTNER word,WithI cantheusuallyhelp oftuckmyaboutfiveletterthirty whilethey areI sweepbecomingthe bigcoolfrontandporch.firm

hours into each twentyfour. The My technique with children reBf JJeL s. %J word is "while."I never start a task quires considerable personal attenwithout deciding what I can do while tion, even to my presence at nap

it. if I'm doing time. of Perhaps a few pairs they Usually have a story never to used be myClocks socks washing. need they friends. quite willingly have to They gone to little They would seem

dart ahead in a most distresscould be rushed through their suds nap. But if I need those precious

ing fashion and cheat me out of and rinsed and be drying on the line minutes also for darning a few socks many of my plans. I would say to while I bake the cookies. And if I get or restoring a belt or strap, I retell a

myself, "We'll have a delicious pie the cookies right into the oven, they favorite story or prop a book on a tonight for dinner."All day I would can be baking while I take the music rack, and the story and needle

vaguely plan what kind of pie. Then, youngest for a walk around the proceed simultaneously.

when I consulted the clock to see block.

how much time I had left for mixing I have learned to think of most of "pVEN a tippedover bag of flour that the pie, it would be too late even to our household equipment in terms of had appealed too strongly to the consider such a dessert. Disconwhether it's a a>/n7emachine, or one twoyear-old need not discourage a

solately, I'd open a can of fruit. that requires my attention to operate mother too much. Before she starts

While I was reading a story at it. I didn't say my undivided attento clean it up she can turn on the

nap time to the children, I'd rememtion, for I usually run the vacuum mixer and get the gingerbread under ber that I was invited out. But there way while she sweeps and wipes up

was Dee's dress to lengthen and a the damage. Perhaps there's a pan of

button to sew on her daddy's shirt. rolls in the refrigerator that was

Before I knew it, time was gone, and mixing while the baby's face was

I'd have apologies due the hostess washed for his nap or chilling while whose party I'd seemed to neglect. he slept. It can be rising while his

Harriet would be getting ready for escapade is cleaned up!

a cello recital, and I'd try to finish up If more of us made our household some weaving so I could practise the equipment selections on the basis of accompaniments with her. Then I'd their whileaspect, it would help us

have to give a radio talk, but it had in forming a very worthwhile and to be written first, so I'd say, "Toenjoyable partnership with time. It

morrow I'll surely practise with you, would enable us to be just a bit ahead dear."But tomorrow would bring its of schedule all the while, instead of

continued extracurricular activities. letting time ride astride us, and bow

Bobby would need a clown costume us down and cheat us of many things for a school affair. Barbara must we want to do. It can be done, even

have her violin bow taken to the—Illustration by Fielding K. Smith with a large home to care for and five

shop to be restrung. Carolyn must children and more hobbies than a

go to the doctor for a routine inocucleaner, which does require my apdog has fleas!

lation. And the recital evening would parent attention, with my mind on

be upon us with so little practise tosome music I'm composing or memgether that I'd approach the big orizing, or on something I'm going to SAFETY WEEKMARCH 2329 piano on the stage with fear and write the moment I can get my hands trembling. released to the typewriter keys. The **Cafety begins at home"is no idle

dishwasher usually runs while I'm in transposition of the old adage beTfow clocks don't bother me any the kitchen preparing a meal. The titudescause safetymust firstmeasuresbe taughtandinsafetythe homeatmore! I've learned to form a mixer beats up my dough, and the if they are to be applied there and elsepartnership with time. One little fiveoven bakes it, always while I'm rewhere. For Utah, safety week has been

lettered word was the secret of our leased physically for assembling a announced for March 23 to March 29 alliance. Without that word I would salad or setting table. and since home safety is the big necesstill be floundering through houseBread dough is rising while I take sity wherever one may live, all people

work and the needs of our five twothe children walking or help them whether they live in Utah or not should totwelve-yearolds, struggling to fit with their music. Sometimes it is risbe eager to cooperate in making their

weaving and writing and music in ing overnight while I'm asleep, and homes safe. One of the former slogans

for the Safety Council Utah is as good it rising necessities all the absolute begins of whilewith sometimes it as I today was it was when promoted still article,existence, finish a writing completely bemagazine and for everything, place every- "A and amazed that I could never find all of fore I go up to sleep. Desserts that thing in its place."

the twentyfour hours in any one must chill, I finish early, and put Be wise and teach safety in your day. them away in the refrigerator so homes—and practise what you teach.

162 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Here's a NewC60HHJosephine B. Nichols

Collection of Desserts Top the Meal Recipes YoupVERYONE looks forward to dessert, it may to an give the "oomph"otherwise monotonous meal. Serve a Ought to Have

hearty dessert with a light meal, and a simple dessert with a heartier one.

Desserts you will be praised for serving:

OrangeRice Parfait

\}/2 tablespoon unflavored gelatin 1 cup orange juice Y2 cup sugar 8 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon grated orange rind 2 cups cooked rice 1 cup evaporated milk

Soften gelatin in onefourth cup of orange juice in large bowl. Combine remaining

orange juice, sugar, salt, and orange rind in one quart saucepan. Bring to a boil: pour

over softened gelatin, stir until dissolved.

Add rice, chill until gelatin begins to set.

Chill milk in refrigerator tray. Pour into

large bowl and beat until stiff. Fold into

rice mixture. Chill until ready to serve.

Blushing Angel Tarts

1 pound uncooked rhubarb, or 2 cups cooked, unsweetened rhubarb and juice % cup water % cup sugar 1 tablespoon cornstarch % teaspoon salt 1 tablespoon grated orange rind 3 egg yolks 6 baked tart shells Gild ll S 166 With these tested recipes you

Wash rhubarb: trim, but do not peel; cut can prepare delicious meals in less time, knowing that the Sego

into onehalf inch pieces; add water; cover. Milk you've used makes the food you serve extrawholesome.

Cook about ten minutes. Combine sugar, To get your copy of this attractive and helpful booklet just

cornstarch, and salt. Add to cooked write your name and address on a postcard and mail it to

rhubarb. Cook about ten minutes or until

stirring thickened, constantly. orange Add SEGO MILK PRODUCTS COMPANY rind and beaten egg yolk to mixture,

South, Dept. S-3 Salt stir159 West 1st Lake City 1, Utah ring well. Continue cooking minutes two

longer. Chill; pour into baked tart shells. Originator of Evaporated Milk in the Intermountain West

Top with orange marmalade meringue.

. Orange Marmalade Meringue

3 egg whites 3 tablespoons orange marmalade

Beat egg whites until just stiff. Add

marmalade gradually; continue beating until stiff enough to hold peak. Pile lightly

on tarts. Bake in oven 350 F. for fifteen

minutes.

Eclairs

1 cup water % cup butter Y2 teaspoon salt 1 cup flour 41 eggseggs (Concluded on page 164) MARCH 1947 163

m? COOK'S CORNER

( Concluded from page 1 63 Peel and scrape bananas with a silver

Heat the butter and water to the boiling knife. Cut lengthwise in halves. Spread

point. Add the flour all at once and stir cut side of one half of each banana with a

vigorously until the mixture leaves the thin layer of peanut butter. Replace other

sides of the pan and clings to the spoon. Rehalf and press firmly so as to form whole

move from the heat and cool slightly. Add banana, then cut crosswise in thin slices

the unbeaten eggs, one at a time, beating into serving dishes. Cover with chilled

thoroughly after each addition. Shape mixcustard sauce, garnish with chopped nuts.

ture with a pastry bag into 4 inch by 1 inch (Serves six.)

strips, on a greased baking sheet, placing them one and onehalf inches apart. Bake in Custard Sauce

at 400 for until F. forty minutes or

of beads afiwtf* ovenfree from moisture to and firm the 3 eggs touch. Split lengthwise and fill with a 32 cup sugar

cream filling. Cover tops with any desired 2 cups milk

icing. y% teaspoon salt

1 teaspoon vanilla Cream Filling Beat egg yolks slightly, add sugar, salt, 2 cups milk and hot milk. Cook in double boiler, stirring

3 tablespoons cornstarch constantly until mixture coats a spoon. Re-

2 tablespoons flour move and add vanilla and cool.

gVER NOTICE how the home- 2/t,1 eggcups sugar Frozen Lemon Pie maker who "just loves to cook"x/2 teaspoon vanilla serves the best food? And chances 34 teaspoon salt Y22 cupeggssugar

are she has a spotless kitchen with Mix dry ingredients and add enough milk Yi cup lemon juice the finest equipment to help her to make a paste. Scald the rest of the milk grated lemon rind

along. untiland blendthickened.with Cookthe paste.fifteen Stirminutes.constantlyBlend Yl1 cupcup evaporatedcookie or grahammilk cracker crumbs

Here at the Hotel Utah our kitchwith beaten egg and cook a few minutes longer. Remove and add vanilla. Onehalf Beat egg yolks in top of double boiler.

ens and equipment would gladden cup whipping cream may be added before Add sugar, lemon juice, and rind. Cook unthe heart of the most immaculate using. til thickened, about ten minutes. Cool. Beat

homemaker. She would heartily egg whites until stiff, fold into custard.

approve of the fine quality foods Peanut Butter and Banana Custard ChillBeat milkevaporateduntil stiff,milkfoldin refrigeratorinto custard trays.mixwhich we demand. 6 bananas ture. Sprinkle trays with crumbs. Pour in

And she would find a score or 3 custardtablespoonssaucecreamy peanut butter mixture,erator threetop hours.with crumbs.Serve. Freeze in refrigmore of kindred spirits—men and

women who share with the homemaker the joys of cooking. method: Caramelize one cup sugar, add

one cup boiling water, and cook to a

Undoubtedly, these are the reathick syrup. Store in the refrigerator

sons why the Hotel Utah has won and use small amounts for flavoring asan enviable reputation throughout ranamts needed. Y. K., Oklahoma City, OklaAmerica for fine foods, delightfully onePaymentdollar uponfor Handypublication.Hints Inusedthewilleventbe homa.

submitted, are idea the with that same twoserved. in to chest storage a which To make

will receive the earlier postmarked the one toys, use discarded a baby's keep returned, ideas be dollar. can the of You're None you? in often, won't Come

four the casters to box, screw wooden consideration. careful will receive each but Hotel Utah! at thealways welcome pastel the corners; with enamel box

To make a healthy sweet for your colors, decorate with decals of animals, children, chop several kinds of dried and Sonny will have fun rolling the fruits in the food grinder, moisten them box in and out of its hiding place under with orange juice and roll into balls. the bed.—Mrs. P. V. S., Jackson

The balls may then be rolled in chopped Heights, New York.

those grease spots your on Remove chalk, paper.—Mrs.nuts or sugar. A.KeepW.,wrappedLogan, inUtah.waxed wallpaper French with powdered

Save fruit juice in pies. When makbought at any drugstore. Cover the

ing a juicy pie, sprinkle one heaping spots thickly with the powdered chalk tablespoon flour with part of sugar, and and let stand for twentyfour hours.

mix well, then place in bottom crust, Then wipe off with a soft cloth and respreading evenly over surface. This peat procedure if the spots are obstiwill thicken the juice and will prevent nate. B. H., Hinckley, Utah.

it into from soaking the crust.—Q. M., After removing a cake from the oven,

Alberta, Leavitt, Canada.

place the pan on a cloth that has been

Instead of having to caramelize sugar wrung out of cold water. The cake will

every time it is needed for pies, ice turn out easily without sticking.—Mrs.

cream, sauces, and other dishes, try this L. M., Norristown, Pennsylvania.

164 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA for pingpestered motorists

You'll notice a big difference when you put Over past months, we have improved Chevron

Chevron Supreme Gasoline in your car. With Supreme steadily to give you easier starting,

government restrictions on lead in gasoline refaster warmup, smoother acceleration. Try it

moved, we have greatly increased Chevron and see! As always, the Chevron Supreme sign

Supreme's octane rating to give you much beton the pump is your guarantee of ter antiknock performance. That's not all... finer performance on the highway.

Its goodgoing on

Stop at these signs for Standard of California Products

CHEVRON

GAS STATION SUPREME GASOLINE MARCH 1947 165 Just taste that Black Hawk \x hand he(Concludedheld, of fromall things,page 154)a needle nV—andty aboutthread.himTherethen. was no uncertainAt that moment there came an in-

': terruption from the other room.

s.

The noise and talking had waked "'% Mrs. Dorton, and she called out,

"Pa, ain't you ever comin* to bed?"

To Jody's surprise Black Hawk answered.

His temper may have been touchy at best, or his gruffness could have arisen from the pain he was enduring. "You shut up!"he said tersely.

Dorton was angry.

"Now, look here,"he declared, v. <, easy wtt like"I'm thatnot togoingmy wife."to have you talking

sorry,"the patient "Me said Woke H **-**2S humbly. his wife called that To Jody

he would be in in a minute.

"I've got a little job to do,"he

G"Ch GROCW S said.A job to do! Yes, Jody had a litYOUR m tle job to do, and he went to work at

it. Pushing back into the wound all

that had no business to be outside, he began awkwardly but deftly to sew up the gaping furrow in the Indian's midsection.

Jody Dorton left no written account of this event. He would doubtless have been surprised if anyone

had made much fuss about it. To

him that was just another incident in the day's work. We do not know,

therefore, what the wounded man did, thought, or said, but in my mind's eye I have often seen him raising his head just enough that he would miss nothing of the show, staring like a child, with the light of wonder shining in the cavernous depths of his black eyes.

And what do you suppose he said when the thing was done? Did he

complain about the torture? Did he

worry his benefactor with protestations and thanks? Did he load him

with promises? No, nothing like that.

What he said was, "You heap good doctor."HThrowing his blanket about him, he went out into the night, and

Dorton did not see him for a month when one day he appeared with a

HOTEL LANKERSHIM trout for his friend's dinner. In this IMPROVEMENT ERA 7th * IROADWAY characteristic fashion he acknowlMODERATE J% magazine to build home L. D. Headquarters RATESin Los Angeles edged his debt to Jody Dorton, InFRANKS. Operator R. WISHON

ana the Cnurcn RAY H. BECKETT. Manager dian fighter and Indian friend, whose

still and live in the memory deeds LOS ANGELES 12 Issues $2.00

TWO PERSONS trails. -,- ONE CHARCE'records the of pioneer

166 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA {torn a neighbors farm TurkeyCatching keeps Reporter Safeway's Farm farmers tab work Made Easy make on how easier, cut operating costs, improve crop quality. Safeway reports (not necessarily endorses) his

findings because we Safeway people know that exchanging good ideas helps everybody, including us. After all, more

than a third of our customers are farm folks.

Details of this device were worked

Experiout at the Agricultural Station of Texas Tree Pruning by ment A. &M.

Air Power chuteCollege.intoTurkeyspen. Sideareof herdedpen whereup

man stands is open, but sacks Built by David Wheatley on hung from top make turkeys his ranch at Napa, Califorthink this is solid wall. 4-in. board

nia, this traveling pruning across top of opening is used tower practically doubles with hens or small turkeys, reorchard coverage per workmoved when working mature ing day. Small gasoline toms. lxlin. strip on front edge

engine mounted on old auto of floor helps prevent turkeys chassis does double job: (1) slipping out. Both chute and pen

propels tower through orare 18in. wide (pen can well be

chard and (2) operates air wider) and allow 34in. head

compressor which powers clearance for turkeys. Chute is

pruning shears. The tower 7% ft. long. Pen is 10 ft. long

is driven, braked and steered and stands 34in. off ground.

from platform, by means of upright rods connected with chassis below. (Note steering wheel at front of tower.)

Workmen on platform prune two opposite trees along row at each stop.

In addition to poweroperated pruning shears they use longhandled saws and hand clippers. Here's What Happens

to a Do/far spent at Safeway

Producers, we believe, will be interested in this (mproves "Range Pasture breakdown of the Safeway Sales Dollar. The total

of all dollars received from sales by Safeway for Cattle Feeding Stores in 1945 is represented in the single dollar:

100 00/100 cents The Dollar taken in by Safeway

80 88/100 cents Paid out to Farmers and other suppliers of goods 10 73/100 cents Paid out in Salaries, wages, and bonuses 5 74/100 cents Paid out for Operating supplies and other expenses 1 19/100 cents Paid out for all Local, State and spiral setting Federal taxes of "teeth"makes pipes rotate 77/100 of a cent Profit for stockholders and surplus;

This selfclearing harrow has been demon61/100 of a cent set aside to cover Depreciation; 8/100

strated by the Intermountain Forest and of a cent paid out as compensation to elected Officers.

Range Experiment Station of the U. S.

Forest Service, Ogden, Utah, as an aid to Safeway buys direct, sells direct, to cut "ineradicating sagebrush and preparing timbetween"costs to also to grass; for seeding pasture ber

offering regularly, producers a Safeway buys is constructed seed. cover broadcast Harrow

; farmers from steady market when purchasing long. to feet 10 well 8 casing or pipe of 4-inch

1-inch steel bars are inserted through pipe Safeway accepts no brokerage either directly and welded in place approximately one foot or indirectly apart, extending out 6 inches from sides of Safeway pays going prices or better, never pipe. Spiral arrangement causes pipe to offers a price lower than producer quotes

itself. of bars, clear Ends rotate and or Safeway stands ready to help move surpluses inserbefore sharpened "teeth,"be should

tion in pipe. Pipes spaced 16 inches apart Safeway sells at lower prices, made possible by

are attached to an evener. Use of 6-inch direct, less costly distribution... so consumers

length of y8inch chain with swivel allows can afford to increase their consumption pipe to rotate freely.

SAFEWAY—the neighborhood grocery stores

MARCH 1947 167 A BEAUTIFUL DAY {Concluded from page 152) you did have meaning. Suddenly I can for everything you said and did. I am

You seemed so strict about my dates, understand. ready to face life with no regrets for

even after I met George. He was my Now I see why you made me take the the past, no fear for the future. Today

kind, and you liked him, but still you dime back to the grocer and why you my world is beautiful; my eyes are

wanted to know where I was going and told me to ask Tony over to play. I opened; and I can see!

what time I'd be home. You just wanted understand why you told me to practise All my love,

I was, where butto know things. you said, lessons to read good and You I my Jeancouldn't see life. I thought why. in believe were a you a progressive What

old fashioned. wonderful world this would be if everyMost of all, you taught me religion. one followed your plan! J.ean Davis laid down her

You taught me humility, prayer, and Now I see why you told me to be pen and folded the white sheets of faith in God. This, you believed, was particular about my friends. Imagine paper into an envelope. She looked

the most important of all. This would my surprise at your reaction when at the clock and gasped. She could

first furlough, hisgive for life purpose. Mother, on came George home many my believe that it hardly was ten o'clock.

to stories I believed that toldyears the about be wanted you God, we and we time! was nearly Why, it fashjust because reason married. to doubt Narrowminded? I had no Old

excitedly, impatiently,them. But when I was older—about the ioned? Why, you wished us all the hapShe turned

ittime I started to college—I began to piness in the world, and together you and watched the door. Finally

wonder. The whole thing seemed like and Dad rushed around to turn out the opened, and the lady in white ap-

a jigsaw puzzle. The geologist's exmost beautiful, wonderful reception peared with the tiny white bundle.

planation there ever was. of world didn't formation lady over walked to Jean's The

Iseem to "jibe"told the with the story of you And now see why me the into bed, put the bundle Jean's arms,creation. stories if the All the time about God. George cavemen And were

cruel and barbarous, I wondered, where was overseas, shooting out of the sky, and went away.

did Adam and Eve fit in? I didn't take I prayed for him. Then when I Jean held it tightly. It was soft

time to study and piece the puzzle toheard that the war was over, I sank to and warm, and she could see a tiny gether; I only took time to wonder. my knees to thank God. When George pink hand waving in the air. It was

ISuppose, thought, the Bible strong he home, and is just a came was well. As a baby—her baby. pieceremarkable long of literature. of the I look over months back Suppose

some day they tell me that God is just loneliness and fear, I know that God Jean held the little hand and she a myth—like the Easter bunny and was with me. I know that I couldn't said a prayer. She asked that she

Santa Claus. Suppose there isn't really have done it alone. might know the way, in the years to

any God! Today you seem very wise, for I am come, to make, for another girl, anMother, now all of the little things on top of the world. I am grateful, now, other beautiful day.

THE CHURCH MOVES ON ( Concluded from page 159) New England: Donna Marie T. Corbin, Thomas Gordon Sutherland, III, born

from the Pioneer Stake; and the TayLovell, Wyoming; Melvin R. Blomquist, April 9, 1931; no priesthood. ExcommuniSalt DeGraffenried, Salt City; Blanche Lake in the cated 10, 1946, Renton Decemberlorsville the Bennion and from wards City; Jackson, Ogden, Oswell Lake Warren Seattle Stake. Ward,the Stake. Cottonwood Utah; Logan, Utah; Dunford Weston, Mark

18, Sutherland, Sally April 1932. born Lu Salt City; Hill Elizabeth sustained Lib as presiLake Zaugg, D. Mary John was

in 10, 1946, the Excommunicated December lie Utah. Taylor, Gunnison, Jean the ofdent Stake, with North Jordan

Seattle Stake. Renton Ward, Izatt Stoddard, States: David Northern

first as counselor. K.Edwin Winder Doris September born Tanner Dunham, Stoddard, La- H. LaGrande, Oregon; Mary

They were president and first counselor Grande, Oregon. 10, 1901. Excommunicated November 14,

of the Oquirrh Stake. Second counselor Northwestern States: Mignon Hansen, 1946, in the South Eighteenth Ward, Enof the North Jordan Stake is Alvin E. Los Angeles, California. sign Stake.

Barker who held the same position in Wesrern States: Lucille B. Madsen, Salt Gladys Grace Hyler Risse, born July 16,

the Cottonwood Stake presidency. Lake City; Richard W. Madsen, Jr., Salt 1904. Excommunicated December 3, 1946,

P. City; Spackman, Lake Joseph Ogden, in Sugar the Hawthorne Ward, House president sustained asVivian was Coon

Utah; Ogden, D. Spackman, Inez Emma Stake. Stake, with theof Oquirrh Alpha G. Utah.

April born Hedges, Amelia Soper Emma as first counselor, and LeJohnson 3, 5, 1910. 1946, Excommunicated December counselor. Sadler as secondGrande Excommunications W.

in the Hawthorne Sugar House Ward, 7, 1903; Royle, Cecil is born March the sixtysecondThis hundred one Joseph Stake.

16, deacon. Excommunicated December thestake of Church. Bliss Stribling, born Johnson May May

in the 1946, Seventeenth Mt. Ward, Ogden

14, 25, 1915. Excommunicated December

Stake. OgdenMissionaries Released in the 1946, Park North Diego San Ward,

December Joseph Frederick Corbett, born October Stake.

California: Mary Elizabeth Barraclough, 3, 1883; high priest. Excommunicated NoLoa Jean Johnson Hayden, born October

City;Salt Salt Moulton, Lake Lake Deaun vember 1921. 13, 1946, in the Salmon Ward, Lost 4, 14, Excommunicated December

St.City; Seegmiller, George, Edwin Dee Stake. River in the 1946, San Diego North Park Ward, St. Seegmiller,Utah; George, Eleanor J. W.

Utah. Emily Bingham Baum, born November Stake.

Canadian: Genevieve Bird, Spring ville, 16, 1905. Excommunicated December 18, Leah Ida Mary Izard Fowler, born June

Utah; Jessie Johnson, Salt Lake City; Mar1945, in the Pleasant View Ward, Sharon 18, 1909. Excommunicated December 7,

garet Innes Norton, Ogden, Utah; John Stake. 1946, in Brighton, Sussex, British Mission.

William Norton, Ogden, Utah; Isaac Bliss Deseret Johnson Goodwin, born May 29, O. Dell Madsen, born February 4, 1918;

Roberts, Raymond, Alberta, Canada; Lillian 1881. Excommunicated December 22, 1946, no priesthood. Excommunicated January 2,

Cameron Roberts, Raymond, Alberta, Canin the Logan Third Ward, Cache Stake. 1947, in the Magna Ward, Oquirrh Stake.ada.

Eastern States: Wildene M. Smith Lund, Leila Poore Sutherland, born February 9, Ray Leon Olsen, born June 17, 1918; no

Washington, D.C.; John Clayton Brown, 1907. Excommunicated December 10, 1946, priesthood. Excommunicated January 7,

Flagstaff, Arizona. in the Renton Ward, Seattle Stake. 1947, in the Liberty Ward, Liberty Stake.

168 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA -flllk

forces Unleash HNtOOQOOO volte...

anJ OlIrPLA

In a single brilliant flash of lightAnd because molecular attracning you're actually observing the tion holds Conoco OILPLATING up release of 100,000,000 volts! where it belongs... prevents it

Forces of attraction between a from all draining down to the crankpositive charge of electricity in case, even overnight... you get

clouds overhead and negative electhese benefits:

tricity in the ground unleash this 1. added protection during the vital

awesome display of nature's power. periods when you first start your

By studying the tremendous engine forces of molecular attraction 2. added protection from corrosive

between oils and metals, Conoco inactionuse when your engine is not engineers have developed new and 3. added protection from wear that

better motor oils. Through control leads to fouling sludge and carbon

of the force of molecular attrac- 4. added smooth, silent miles

tion, a special ingredient of Conoco

N th motor oil is actually bonded to That's why you'd be safer to OILworking parts of your engine. In PLATE your engine now... at Your

fact, so close is this bonding that Conoco Mileage Merchant's. Look

cylinder walls and other parts are for the red triangle. Continental

OILPLATED! Oil Company

i i\*

X 7/a onYOU*MMI STAKE PRIESTHOOD AND PRIESTHOOD LEADERSHIP MEETING PROGRAMS1947'"Phe general priesthood committee did w not prepare a suggested program for the stake priesthood and priesthood The general priesthood committee belly."That neither is tobacco "for the

leadership meetings in 1947, feeling that again recommends that quorum presibody"or "belly,""and is not good for the stakes would welcome the opportudencies meet in council weekly, and that man."That "hot drinks are not for

nity their devising of programs own in there visiting be a "steppedup"probelly."the or the However, body

lightthe local needs. of Since, howgram the membership among of each "all revelation continues: wholesome

ever, requests received, have been many quorum. for the conherbs ordained hath God

isit that reference recommended be stitution, nature, of and use and man"to the for last suggestedmade program fruit""flesh in season; also "every

thatyear of the materials and published WHY NOT BE DIFFERENT? beasts and... fowls, sparingly,"andweekly Priesthood the Melchizedek on

"grain."is All to used be with prudence a growing tendency HThere among ofpage Desevet SecThe Church News "thanksgiving."and to justify groups their some coursetion, the on monthly and Melchizedek

this revelation concludes with The in light the of generally people whatPriesthood of page Improvement The the great to promise Church: are is doing professing. and This hardbriefed,Era, or in these highlighted be

ly the prerogative of the of members asmeetings allow. circumstances may all saints to keep and remember And who of Christ Church Jesus of and bearers will pages, these found There on be these sayings, walking to in obedience do the Priesthood of Holy God. The way helpful in suggestions suquorummany shall in the health receive commandments,

is of the world not necessarily thepervision inadministration. and their their to bones; navel Much and marrow And

fact, In Lord's there are way. many in shallformation the find of past issues well treasures great and wisdom may

be studied also. things countenanced in the world, that knowledge, even hidden treasures; And shall

Presidents and memberships of quocannot be given sanction by the Church. run and not be weary, and shall walk and

rums should be encouraged to avail In fact, it was the adoption of the ways not faint. And I, the Lord, give unto them

themselves of these materials which of the world that led to the apostasy a promise, that the destroying angel shall will be helpful in their priesthood and of the Primitive Church. The people pass by them, as the children of Israel, and

other Church work. then, as some now, failed to realize not slay them.

that there can be no compromise be- * tween good and evil. In thinking upon the Word of Wisare prone to overlook the VISITS TO MEMBERS AND Members of the Church of Christ are dom some

in fact that technical the to addition ob- "in the but world,""not of the world."PRESIDENCY COUNCIL

itself of of Wisdom the Word called the servance of been have "out We MEETINGS "in that to they must obedience walk light."world,""from darkness unto

A n examination of a large number of The world has but a limited knowledge the commandments"if they would ob1946 fourth quarter reports would of spiritual values, and these limitations tain the promised blessings of health, seem to indicate that visits to quorum are reflected in its standards. wisdom, and great treasures of knowlthat overlooked not It should edge. be the frequent holding andmembers, of of the of members Church Jesus The all blessings of exaltation the for which presidency council meetingsquorum gift the Christ enjoy of the and power strive are predicated should upon menwill to condition the improve do much Ghost. the standards must Holy be Our full the with of compliance God, word ourof quorums. ideal light of possession of our by all in things should Consistency be our is It there facgranted be many may truth. live to and according must virtueWe objective.tors affecting at attendance quorum the evercontinuing revelation of God matter of Word of Wisdom obmeeting and priesthood activity, but to his Church—"by every word that The

our study of the reports would seem proceedeth from the mouth of God."servance should engage the interest of

presidency, every every and quorum justifyto our that personal conclusion this of Part of this new light—part of the priesthood. of use The membervisits carefully and planned quorum reeverlasting and covenant""new

in the against substances counseled in are activity reflected theprograms in the vealed of our Word day—is evergrowing is an of Wisdomof members. quorum find, in Word concerning which Wisdom, we

evil us deal among with which we must far tabulations thus an Our show reading of section eightynine the Docaverage increase in attendance at quotrine and Covenants, that effectively.

rum meetings of almost eleven percent. The evil designs for personal gain in

Significantly enough there was an aver- 1. It was given by revelation from the the hearts of conspiring men in these

age increase of twentyone percent in Lord "last days"are most apparent. Evil men

the number of visits, and an average of 2. It shows forth "the order and will of are at work when one contemplates that

twentyone percent increase in the numGod"in the state of Utah approximately fifty ber of quorum presidency council meet- 3. It was "Given for a principle with dollars a person was spent last year for

ings held. promise"liquor and tobacco. Nearly $32,000,000

It 4. of is "adapted capacity to the earnings taken without general from our priesthood the was committee The

all the saints"of and weakest weak profitable in return therefor, anything frequentlyhas urged the holding of 5. It evils "In of consequence and was

regular weekly quorum presidency designs which do and will exist in the but on the other hand an increase in council meetings where conditions hearts of conspiring men in the last crime, juvenile delinquency, disease, would permit. Quorums following days"that it was given to us as a divorce, immorality, poverty, and all

counsel appear to be benefiting by it. word of warning related evils resulted.

In priesthood quorum activity, as in It is veritably true that there is not missionary work or in business, there The Church is told in this revelation anything about the sale, distribution, appears no substitute for planning well that "it is not meet"in the sight of the or use of liquor and tobacco that conthe work, and keeping in close touch Lord that we drink "wine or strong tributes one whit to the public welfare, with those you hope to serve. drink,"that these "are not for the and most users, upon serious reflection,

170 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN Conducted by Dr. Joseph F. Merrill

CONDUCTED BY THE GENERAL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE

TWELVE—JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; HAROLD B. LEE, SPENCER W. KIMSale by the Drink

BALL, EZRA TAFT BENSON, MARION G. ROMNEY, THOMAS E. MCKAY, CLIFFORD E. "Dills have been introduced in some

YOUNG, ALMA SONNE, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, ANTOINE R. IVINS legislatures now in session to authorize the "sale of liquor by the drink."

all friends temperance, of hope We theirare free to acknowledge they would be their examples, and their souls started along of influence order, will use law and the downroad. if in they off regard betterfar every to these ask? defeat do you bills. Why,

to 5. constructive do something Perhaps get arounddesisted, but do they seldom folthe reasons, many Among we offer incentive. the provide needed Through correcting these perwill point the ofto: lowing spiritual strength, service, and gain men

habits.nicious

largely are unselfishness. learn what These

Surely the Lord will hold us accountis needed. Let your brother see there is 1 Such a method of sale would result in

able for such waste, particularly when need for his service, and a place he can increased consumption. The more

liquor purplaces at which can be in pride free agents being serve. take for in bread. crying the are earth Menmany

it readily the chased and be can more is please. help task to they as doing Our could have $32,000,000 wastedThis

will obtained, the the greater conbe right. at "please"to attempt do Any men the tosent of bread loaves 320,000,000

all liquor; of supsumption experience greatthe forcing us obedience would make the childrenstarving of and Europe, this evil the ports statement. Hence offender. er ingrain, required the labor sugar, and will multiplied results drinking of be If 6. sufficient for of the love word God liquor this of vastproducing amount if legal. sale the drink becomes by

life is instilled in heart, one's the human suffering far relieve tocould bill gone 2. have in legislature the This does Utah will that well pretty to "word."conform

state of places. current the change not method waste hunger Suchand in many therefore, to build faith. Faith a way

sales the control of liquor packand byshould never be countenanced when Find,is is forerunner the of repentance. Faith

it this stores. at state to But adds age instituhospitals and publicnumerous the parent of obedience.

tions are so terribly in need of improved method by authorizing the setting up facilities to care for the sick and unApproach with an understanding of licensed stores for "sale by the stores drink."be would These owned in full midst,fortunate in love, the of our which some heart, and sympathy

private persons and operated by who areinstances, help. informed, are are striving to brother woeyou we for the liquor in the business be would

fully lacking. How can we, under such In matters pertaining to the Word of purpose of making money, and thus

circumstances, expect the Lord to hold Wisdom, as other things, it is the "sick"would naturally be promoters of inus guiltless. that "need a physician."Too many creased sales and, therefore, of inIn meeting this difficult problem, our brethren in the past have become outcreased consumption. Data furnished

approach to it is most important. Since casts at the time they needed more than by the Distilled Spirits Institute, Inc.,

there twentynine are in 1944, showed else a helping hand. Offenders ofanything priesthood the ofeach member who

states seventeen "licensed""moand their values, are confusing need and in this extofends regard some knows in averstates America. The to help straighten out. If nopoly"someone them it is is in that error, that evidenttent he in gallons per capita consumption age fail to that help, proffer may we we is sufficientthis alone not knowledge.94. the latter In states the in was greater the condemnation. under come It that reform.to appear would prompt it thirty- 1.27 states, or licensed was help, to In our attempts exermust we then other approach fromour be must percent fortysix greater; five percent

angles as well. To correct habits that cise the same judgment as we expect the greater for the year 1945. These

are deeply rooted requires great effort. one to exercise we are endeavoring to figures prove the point.

Will power and determination must be 3. The increase of number of places of

our brethren and purchase would increase the difficultiesproperly employed. Men have the powhelp.We must know

er within them to overcome, but it must keep close to them. It is better to keep of law enforcement. Liquor vendors

be properly aroused and directed. Some them than to be under the necessity and are engaged in a business that tends

incentive must be supplied sufficient to hazard of reclaiming them after much to make drinkers less moral and less abiding, liquor being a commonly law It is lives of their has wasted. been this within.stimulate from power The

its in leading crime factor to many that in better the kept of path be men suggestionsfollowing help to supmay less liquor conmanifestations. The after to than the duty have them won this incentive:ply drinkers, the the the fewer and sumed years'of has cheated been Lord many

less crime. immorality law and With service. 1. feel in exhilaration be- a great Men is officers, this well- a enforcement

It ising "free."enslave tobacco Drink and indeed the responsibility of every truism. known

rather slaves than masters.men; they become to perform his duty learn and man fact that current liquor laws are well. 4. The

2. Thrifty men like value received for It is also the responsibility of the man now violated is no sound reason for

their money. There is no value received who understands his duty to teach and removing restrictions and regulations

when money is expended for liquor or toassist others. This is particularly true that govern the sale and drinking of

bacco. It is money wasted when so spent. of presidents of quorums; they should liquor. Shall laws forbidding the sale

liquor repealed beminors of to be the talents lead the employing way, 3. these things are not good know Men

violated? Shall are they laws cause the with blessed has which Lord themfor fully are them, not but the aware of

theft, of burglary, crimes service of the then making the Lord. They spiritual their tocost or If in health. bodily

etc., repealed adultery, bemurder, be rightfully.expect the from same may will of treasuresobedience bring "great

argubroken? are This cause they preside. those they over are savedknowledge"and "men no faster whom

logically rethe require would isthan they gain obedience the children knowledge"the ment not of we, Why of peal governing conall laws humanimportant. different? covenant, be one Why pass is duct. fear of one punishment The

4. Some meaning no ill, supposing their of the great opportunities of a lifetime of the strongest deterrents to wrongindulgence purely a personal matter, are to teach the world a most needed lesdoing.

aware that frequently they impose upon son in faith, thrift, unselfishness, self- 5. Another reason for opposition to sale

others. Others may also take license from mastery, and sobriety. (Concluded on page 176)

MARCH 1947 171

HHRDNHURIEETHDDD

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

WARD YOUTH LEADERSHIP Table 4 Delinquency and Traffic Cases* Report on Award OUTLINE OF STUDY for Charges Reference or Reasons to Programs Juvenile Court Sex by

APRIL 1947 Utah, July 1944—June 1946 Aaronic Priesthood

Delinquency All and January, Standard 316 QuoTouring Traffic Cases Charge or Reason is This study prepared NOTE: course of Individual and 1,907 rum Awards, /or Reference Total Male Female direction the the under Presiding of

Bishopric for presentation during the Total 13,861 12,401 1,460 Certificates of Award were approved montldy meeting of the ward youth Automobile Stealing.. 461 450 11 by the Presiding Bishopric for 1946 acleadership to be conducted by the bishBurglary or tivities. The comparative numbers of

opric in each ward. Members of the Unlawful Entry.... 841 819 22 applicants received during January of

ward Aaronic Priesthood committee and Holdup 10 10 last year were 460 and 2,137 respectiveof the ward committee [or Latterday Other Stealing 1,803 1,691 112 ly. The decline in applications received

Saint girls are expected to attend this Truancy 1,252 874 378 is due to the discontinuance of the conmeeting. Running Away 507 239 268 test for first, second, and third place

Being Ungovernable.. 293 123 170 winners in being first to file applicaSex Offense 252 142 110 tions.

to Injury 12 Person 76 88 Saint Latterday Girls the conference semiannual generalA T of Carelessness Act girls for Saint Latterday record The held 1946, President October both or Mischief 1,510 1,607 97 195 January Standard was Group Elder andDavid O. Mark McKay E. Traffic Violation 178 5,872 6,050

CertifiIndividual 2,142 Awards, and talksPetersen in fervent which gave All Other 697 102 595they pleaded with parents, and especialcates of Award,—a most commendable

ly with Church workers, to lend their *Number of probation incidents for same record for aprogram only one year old.

thought and energy towards the preoffense excluded.

juvenile ofvention delinquency. (See Table 5 Delinquency Cases* INCREASE IN QUORUM It atreferences this article.) end of

will be our purpose in this column to Ages of Children at Time of Disposition of AWARD REQUIREMENT

Cases, July by Sex—Utah, 1944—Junecarry out their admonition by bringing Award 1946 y'HE Standard Quorum

All Delinquency Cases attention such factorsto your as: ( 1 of twentyfive requirement Total Female Male Age

the extent and character of juvenile percent attendance at sacrament 1,094 5,459 6,553 Total ( juveniledelinquency, of causes is thirty per- 2 ) the increased to meeting 14 46 7 years 60 Underdelinquency, preventive curaand (3) 1, 1947. effective cent January years 68 58 10

local lead7tive measures which Church is in rethe change no There years 10 8 108 98 ers may put into operation, and (4) ref- 9 years 158 143 15 quirements for the Individual Cererences and readings which will help 10 years 226 206 20 tificate of Award.

leaders of youth to understand better 1 years 283 254 29 the behavior of children and adoles12 years 392 353 39 114 yearscents. 13 524 638

is 3. making your community, Who, in

years 748 177 14 925 the probcareful, systematic study of any 1,219 981 years 238 lem? 1,019 1,252 Its Extent and Character 1516 years 233 to find out just you would go 4. Where

..... 1,051 17 years 158 893

conditions are in community? your what

It is impossible to know the amount 18 years and over.... 60 54 6

of juvenile delinquency in any sizable Age not specified 113 82 31 References:

geographical area. The only records *Traffic excluded. McKay, David O., "Safeguards Against the

available are those types serious Unduplicated count. Delinquency of Youth."

enough to be apprehended by police or Petersen, Mark E., "Train Up a Child'"

other officers and brought before the From these tables the following facts (Both in The Improvement Era, Novemjuvenile court. Many quite serious ofseem to be well established: ber 1946.)

the Biennial Director, of of Report Bureau to court.fenses are never brought Much greater are apprehended 1. Boys in much Children, for State Services Department is is the serious not ofdelinquency but are girls. than numbers

of the concerning (Utah) Public Welfare society, yet to offensivetype directly it 2. seventeen through is the age Fourteen

Courts,. of Utah's Administration Juvenile

the individual in of the happinessdestroys which the greatest number of youths for the biennium July 1, 1944, to June 30,.

into trouble. get intimately associated withand of others 1946.

him. 3. Traffic violations, stealing, mischievous Survey, Vol. 80, March 1944, especially arcareless truancy, behavior, and and

ticles 72, 69, 79, begin which pages on juvenile the report on in offenses running A biennial are the major away 91. and to in 1, 1944,courts (from of Utah July order frequency.

Children's to Federal Bureau, Write Washis of several indicative 30, 1946)June D.C., for ington, "Child pamphlets; Questions: two

important factors. (Conditions may 1. What is the extent and character of Management,"and "Guiding Adolesvary greatly in other parts of the world, juvenile delinquency (a) in your communicence."

but this available information should ty ( b ) in your ward?

be suggestive to people concerned with 2. Is the rate of juvenile delinquency deNext month we shall discuss the

youth everywhere.) creasing or increasing in your community? causes of juvenile delinquency.

172 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WHRUEHBHCONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY HENRY G. TEMPEST.

ily promptly, the district supervisor <=JJutied of the (chairman should visit them, welcoming them into d-Juties of the Secretam the ward, and extending an invitation of the Stake (committee toshouldparticipatemake itin hisall businessward activities.to becomeHe of the Jtake Lommittee

(Member of Stake High Council) personally acquainted with the members of each family in the district. The,rpHE secretary of the stake committee

HPhe chairman of the stake committee more familiar he is with conditions, the on ward teaching acts under the dion ward teaching should be a membetter prepared he will be to assist the rection of the chairman. It is his duty

ber of the stake high council. In his bishopric in finding a solution to all to compile and assemble the reports

function he is directly responsible to problems. and mail them to the Presiding Bishop's

the stake presidency for the conduct of He is expected to attend ward teachoffice, 40 North Main Street, Salt Lake the ward teaching program in the stake. ers report meetings, where his knowlCity 1, Utah, on or before the fifteenth

It is his duty to supervise all the activiedge of prevailing conditions should be day of each month. He should attend

ties of the stake committee on ward of invaluable benefit to the bishopric. all meetings held by the committee,

teaching. He should conduct all meetHis enthusiasm and example of loyalty keeping accurate and complete minutes

ings on this committee. When the memand faith should be a worthy ideal for of all business transacted. He should

ber of the stake presidency serving as ward teachers to emulate. accept assignments to visit in the wards,

advisor is present, he should be recogdirecting the attention of the assistant nized in his position and honored as the ward clerks to the importance of subpresiding officer. mitting reports that are accurate and

Included in his many duties is the *Jjutle5 of vDldhop d complete in every detail. In addition,

responsibility of the stake report on he should be familiar with the program, ward teaching. This report is to be Loundewrd giving counsel and instruction pertaincompleted and mailed to the Presiding ing to all phases of the work as the

Bishop's office, 40 North Main Street, TPhe counselors should share with the need may arise.

Salt Lake City 1, Utah, on or before bishop the responsibility of promotthe fifteenth day of each month. While ing the ward teaching program. They

he is responsible for this report, it is should be interested in the temporal and contemplated that he will delegate this spiritual welfare of all families in their <=J-Jutie5 of the Chairman responsibility to the secretary of the respective districts. Confidences should

stake committee on ward teaching. effort held sacred, should be be no of the l/l/ard Lommittee the secretary duties of of the (See the distress, suffering, alleviate to spared or

teaching. stake committee on ward to families Persorrow, or individuals. (The Bishop) should visit the his committee He and of the exercise requiring sonal matters

wards, giving encouragement, organizopinion and policy should be referred ing and instructing as needed; promotto the bishop, who is the "common 'HPhe bishop, as presiding authority

ing harmony and cooperation between judge."and the one responsible for the spirward and stake committees; and aiding Counselors should work with the disitual and temporal welfare of his memto stimulate vigorously the program. trict supervisors in directing the activibers, is the chairman of the ward comties of the ward teachers who come unmittee on ward teaching. He cannot

der their supervision. It is their duty, delegate this authority to others. It is

in counsel with the supervisors, to ashis responsibility to see that the ward

JJutled of <=JJl5trict sign companions and districts. They committee is fully organized and funcall at tioning should in countimes. He available keep an adequate num- <? should

select, his counselors, approve, sel with teachers,Jnfoeri/iiof ber of be should ward who required to visit only a reasonable numand appoint those who are to do ward

A district supervisor should be apber of homes each month. teaching.

pointed to assist each member of He should meet with the members of the bishopric in conducting and directthe ward committee at least once each ing the ward teaching program. It month, and more often if the need

should be his responsibility to relieve arises. It is his duty to preside and conthe bishopric of as many of the details FIRST LOVE duct all meetings. He, together with the

as possible. He should frequently conmembers of the committee, should artact the ward teachers, checking up on By Floyd T. Wood range a convenient time for the holding

assignments, gathering reports, instruct- "Colk have to wait until they're grown of the ward teachers report meeting ing, and aiding, as necessity may deTo cherish husband or a wife; each month.

mand. But every record kept has shown The success of this important proIt is his duty, in cooperation with the That mothers matter all one's life. gram depends upon the attitude of the

ward teachers, to locate new families My first and sweetest memory, bishop. If he is sincere and enthusiastic

moving into the ward, and report them Though years have passed, retains its in his efforts to accomplish the work, to the bishop and ward clerk without thrill. he'will stimulate and inspire those who

delay. If for any reason, a member of You stood there, smiling down at me. assist him to work toward a higher dethe bishopric is unable to visit the fam- I loved you then; I always will! gree of efficiency.

MARCH 1947 173 baptism for the dead, he said, "All foolishness."They felt so honored by the

visit of the banker that they gave him everything he asked for on their genealogy. Then the banker went to his

in the took down from bank andBook of Remembrance Ljenealoaical vault the community. of records shelves old

hundreds of names listed. HeContest in Denver Stake STONE WALLS He found

By Eugene Olsen had his secretary copy seventy pages it done, statistics. of vital was When tried for over twenty years stranger the to"VTearly a hundred books were given A family presented the copy he

to members of the senior Sunday to find the birthplace of their grandfrom America.

School classes throughout Denver father. How could they get their reThe American asked, "How much do

(Colorado) Stake by the Denver search work done without this informa- I owe you for this great favor? This is

Stake genealogical committee. The contion? They had tried the genealogical more than I could have gathered in two

testants were to make a Book of Relibrary and many other sources. Every lifetimes."

membrance. Each book consisted of inquiry brought the same courteous an- "I will take only enough to pay for

but are sorry, we can swer: "We of time portrait chart, find the and the paper my secretary.seven sheets—pedigree grandyour to indicate where I twentyspent young, family nothing record, chart, personal I waspedigree When

history sheet, and three family group father was born."This was their stone four hundred crowns and much time on

sheets. Each sheet completely filled in wall. my own genealogy, I would like to

said, "I for family the researcher The like if a present you would copy you the conpoints, fifteen andwould count

I I until until die or writing keep fortyfour find will that memof will greatest the number one. Youtestant that had

points would be the winner. The books find his birthplace."She didn't know bers of your family are listed as inlaws

to try so decided she to write where the in by the be judged my record."of each ward were to

Finaltime. the for second same sources then were an ocean and a stone a Here committee, and genealogicalward

Historical State to the she wrote that to be overcome, and a Sowall hadprize was offered. ly

didn't Illinois of ciety tell them that but key. the held stranger

The contest closed June first, and the they had tried once before. When their A large book could be compiled full

winners of the various wards received reply came, they gave the long looked of strange stories of stone walls that a book, The Way to Perfection. The for birthplace. Twenty years isn't too seemed impossible to climb. One of the

winners'books were then forwarded to long if one finally succeeds. most difficult might be mentioned as our

the stake where they were judged by a How would you like to advertise in final story.

committee. a North Carolina newspaper for facts Grandfather C moved into a small

for wait and grandmother your about family. a his Here with English town from received best was book The for answer? years an twentysix last the baptized, and born son was Wyoming, Black, Ward, LaramieJoyce D.C., in Washington, researcher A family. child the of misthe grand receivedwho prize—a after this a month hope did gave up and minister parish later the Centuries volume the edition of combinedsionary his peoinformation about two. or The letters the to friendly very wrote two Doctrine ofof the Mormon, Book in genealogical the hidden and ple was he helpless researcher showing how of Great Pearl andCovenants, The didn't in Salt but he City archives Lake this. could situation in as such a He wasPrice.

it. years twentysix After had know father, mother, of the and give name

John H. Vandenburg, of the stake passed, a relative in the Church heard youngest child, but there was no way

presidency, in charge of genealogy, of the advertisement and found that the in the world to tell where these people stated at board meeting and at high researcher had moved to Maryland. came from or how many children they

council meeting that "this contest was The data was mailed to Maryland. had. Even if they were found in anthe greatest thing that had ever been A man traveled all the way to Norother parish, it would be hard to be

done in the Denver Stake in a geneaway to gather his records. His relatives sure of them. Inasmuch as these people

logical way."literally took him in their arms and fed lived in the latter part of the sixteenth

him the best they had in the house. century, their records were meager and

Everything was pleasant until he menincomplete.

tioned genealogical records. Their

trained genealogist went to the friendliness suddenly froze, and their A faces took on a stubborn look. They parish and tried to solve the problem,

neighborfailed. canvassed he but He exthey give had him anything would

results. ing without parishes went Years

told their had genealogy. Someone cept

all reresisted this mystery and by the for baptize that "Mormons"them of It short that nothing search. seemed

dead.

After a few days this man was con- a miracle would break this wall.

vinced that neither his relatives nor In a last desperate effort the family their minister would let him have an sent money to a genealogist in London.

item of importance. He was discourHe read many wills before he discovaged. He went over to a nearby town ered one made out by the mother of

to exchange some American money into this family. She had used her nickname

Norwegian money. The banker was instead of her right name. In the will

very friendly and asked his purpose in were the names of all her children, invisiting Norway. He confided his cluding the youngest son. Many years

troubles to the banker and was surprised went by and much money was spent that this stranger was sympathetic. before the family climbed this stone

The result of this meeting was that wall.

the banker took a trip to these relatives "Ask, and it shall be given you; seek,

and gathered the names and dates and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be

JOYCE BLACK needed. When they asked him about opened unto you."(Matthew 7:7.)

174 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT TO CALIFORNIANS—To All Latterday Saints and Their Friends In the Golden State—

These popular, widelyread books on Mormon personalities and events of pioneer days, and with California sequences, are NOW AVAILABLE

AT OUTSTANDING CALIFORNIA BOOK STORES.

\\Sweet Love Remembered"By HELEN CORTEZ STAFFORD Now a resident of North Hollywood, onetime Ogden high school and University oi

Utah student, graduate oi the University oi California at Berkeley, Mrs. Stafford writes

one of the finest stories of abiding love and faith. flJO *7C

"BEN THE WAGON BOY"by Dr. Howard R. Driggs

Tells simply and entertainingly about a lad who drove one of the ox teams to Salt Lake valley and California (Jji rn "DENNIS AND THE MORMON BATTALION"by Mabel Harmer Another entertaining, historically accurate story of a boy who made the long march from the Missouri to the Pacific. fljO C\n

"STORY OF MORMON PIONEERS"by Mabel Harmer

This complete story of the epic trek of the Pioneers and their settlement of the western areas makes delightful reading <[jO nn

THE ABOVE BOOKS AND OTHERS OF INTEREST CARRIED IN STOCK BY THE FOLLOWING CALIFORNIA DEALERS:

N. Camden IN NORTHERN CALIFORNIA: IN SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA: MarianDr., BeverlyHunter'sHills,BookCalif.Shop—352

Lieberman's Book Market St., San Store—723 St., Angeles, Los Pine Brown Book Los Book Store—10926 Weybum, Shop—230 Westwood

3, Francisco California California California 24, Angeles Inn Bonanza Book St., Market Shop—663 6th Stationer's Ave., Diego, San Corp.—1046 Francisco California San Ave., LeConte Store—10918 Book Campbell's

California Newbegin's Book 24, Street, California Post Los Angeles San 5,Shop—358

St., Angeles 6th Curio Los Book W. Shop—719 8, Francisco California

Fuller Ventura Book Martha Shop—12222 14, California Gilbert Sutter, Lilienthai—336 Francisco San

California City, Blvd., Studio 8, California E. Colorado, A. Vroman's C. Corp.—695

Angeles, 7th, Los California West Pasadena, Calif. The Brentano's—611 Argonaut St., Book Kearney Shop—336

Francisco, California San I. Co.—600 W. 7th St., Los W. Robinson Blvd., Hollywood Pickwick Book Store—6743 Sather Gate Book Telegraph Shop—2335 14, California Angeles California 28, Hollywood Ave., Berkeley 4, California

California Angeles The St., Paul Elder's—239 Post Francisco, Broadway—Los San Hollywood Satyr Store—6278 Book Gordon's California E. Bickel Blendine Book Main St., 28, California Blvd., Hollywood Shop—61613,

St., The Market FranSan Emporium—835 California Ventura, cisco, Blvd. Hollywood Store—6760 Book 5, Hollywood Glendale E. Broadway, White The Paddock's—110 Avenue, Grant and California 28, Hollywood Francisco, Calif.House—SutterCalifornia San California

6th, St., 14th Los Angeles Book Holmes Company—278 Oak- W. Holmes Book Co.—814 Los Angeles Fowler W. 6th St., Brothers—414 California land, 14, California

City Brentano's Stockand Francisco, So. of Paris—GearyCalifornia Ave., ton, San Grand Los Book Angeles Dawson and Broadway, Shop—627 Bullock's—7th14, California

Kahn's 15, California Los Angeles 14, California Eugene 15th and Sommer—c/o

California Broadway, Oakland 12,

Book The May Store—9477 Santa Monica CurtisLindsay Company—8th and Hill, Los Martindale First St., San Jose

Hills, California 16, California Co.—7750 California Angeles, Blvd., Beverly

'COUPON FOR MAIL ORDERS **** Write in on the line below the name and address of your nearest CALIFORNIA DEALER AS LISTED ABOVE, and mail this coupon to that dealer.

Enclosed is $ Send the books as checked above, as advertised in "The Improvement Era"by

DESERET BOOK COMPANY, salt lake city

Name Address

MARCH 1947 175 NoLiquor-Tobacco muchLogically,less therefore,than it is weon thecouldhighways.reasonColumn ably expect the motorcar engineer to

drive even more carefully than does the (Concluded from page 171) locomotive engineer. The latter cannot

by the drink is that it would bring back have alcohol in his blood while on duty.

the saloon to Utah, Idaho, and other Why not make this true of the motormonopoly states. And the advocates car driver while he is on the public

of repeal in 1933 promised that the highways?

saloon would never be allowed to return to America—a promise not kept Now an explanation is needed at this

in licensed states. But do Utahns want point. We commonly speak of drunkthe saloon? has always driving. do by it? we mean What

subtle, coren in local been Thepolitics—asaloon is usually person understood A drunken influence rupting in government,

among law enforcement officers and in to be one who is so much under the the moral life of the community. influence of alcohol that he staggers

"Coming, Mother!"when he walks, falters when he talks, The above is a brief statement of

call don't acts abnormally. to "You twice! have and he knows Even I saw you of the reasons some why we oppose

those makin'keen rennetcustard desserts will safely usually drive he cannot and for reasons drink."the "sale Other by this an'mornin'—I love do 'em!"so. the not is not But he danmost do reader. will occur to every opposition

... Babies—children—grownups the

whole family enjoys milk that's made into No "sale by the drink"law can pass the gerous driver. Traffic officers are all

delicious rennetcustards. They have all legislature if every citizen who favors agreed on this point. They know that

milk's food value because they aren't a wholesome moral atmosphere, law the most dangerous fellow is the one cooked, and the rennet enzyme makes them observance, and clean government will who has taken "only a drink or two."

easiereven itself. to digest milk than in opposition. influence his is her or use is drunk, not but the under he He They're so quick to easy and give make—representaction. Let your there influence to Let alcohol of the be that extent youngstersyour yourself and a treat by your legislature in is the atives know thinks he can up"he "pepped and serving rennetcustards today!

Make rennetcustards with either wishes in this matter. drive more safely than ever. He, there-

"Junket"Brand Rennet Tablets—not fore, drives faster and takes chances

sweetened or flavored—add sugar and flaDrinking and Driving that he would not do if there were no

vor to taste; or "Junket"Rennet Powder "Liquor and gasoline do not mix."alcohol in his blood. Yes, the experts

six in—already traffic sweetened, all delicious flavors. long truism known by is a This or "drink that a two"renders know

all at grocers.Both free For of sample is It estimated officers. by experienced the dangerous. Aldrivers most many Tablets, Rennet write"Junket""Junket"fifty to twentyfive from that observers is not internally taken cohol when Foods, of DivisionBrand Chr. Hansen's to are traffic all due accidents of percent is quickly unabsorbed digested but inc., JP ails, LittleLaburalury, Dept. 73,

N. Y. liquor as one of the factors. And since changed into the blood and goes directthere are annually approximately 40,000 ly to the brain cells, speedily affecting

WORTH WAITING FOR! trafficfiguresdeathsmean thatin thefromUnited10,000States,to 25,000these theactivities.judgment,The thereactionnerves,timeandis slowedmuscle

"JUNKET"Freezing Mix hol.traffic Indeathsaddition,are primarilymany thousandsdue to alcoof accidentup, often andmakingescape.the difference between

Mix inFudge seriously or less are more people BRAND Quick the that safety repeat: demands this We took If annually many polio jured. Dessert Danish shall of highways a driver on the blood the people country, this would in lives FOODS alcohol. be should free from be Laws these of course, stirred. mighty Now, be

having this requirement. Safetv Is the saved made"JUNKET"injuries be trademark would lives of Chr. and these Hansen's

Laboratory, Inc., for its rennet other and food is paramount. property dollars of of isproducts, and millions registered and in the S. U. and Canada.

damage avoided if during the time the drivers were at the wheel, there was no alcohol in their blood. The remedy is,

it is simple. therefore, apparent; Let Thai First Glass beveralcoholic drinking of there be no

ages by drivers immediately before or Warning from Charles Lamb during the time they are at the wheel.

Why not put this short, sensible rule /harles Lamb, one of the brightest into effective operation all over our spirits extinguished by drink, wrote broad land? If this were done, all highmournfully, looking back upon his

ways would be safer, every motor childhood: "Could the youth, to whom

traveler would breath more freely, and the flavor of his first glass was delicious, many thousands of homes would be look into my desolation and be made to spared the distress, sorrow, and loss understand what a dreary thing it is

There is no finer gift—to give or to they now acutely but needlessly suffer. when a man feels himself going down

receive—than a Bible... especially if a precipice with open eyes and a pasit is the beloved King James Version. The sixty thousand locomotive railsive will, to see his destruction and not

way engineers in America do not drink to have the power of will to stop it, and immediately before or while they are on yet to feel it all the way emanating duty. The same statement is true of from himself, to perceive all goodness

of him, to not out thirtyemptied be and yet the pilots. airplane Why should national AT YOUR

it forget to the time in this able engineers when five million was highway BOOKSTORE BIBLES likedriving? he would avoid that drink while country The otherwise—how AUTHORIZED KING JAMES VERSION"**

first glass!"the rails is very accidents lihood of on

176 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Range Lands of Alberta (Concluded from page 147) cinquefoil, snowberry, rosebush, and prairie sedge on these cool prairie foothills occupy the ranges as sagebrush and cheatgrass now do the heavily used ranges of Utah and

Idaho? Must the Latterday Saint

people in Alberta undergo the acute reduction in range forage that we have in Utah and Idaho? Is it not

possible to look ahead and put in operation principles of good range management that will preserve the ranges? Or must Alberta see her

ranges deteriorate and then try to revegetate them as Utah, Idaho, Arizona, New Mexico, and Colorado are so painfully doing?

HThese questions Alberta will be compelled to answer in some fashion during the next generation.

In my own life, I can look back at what has happened in the Great

Basin and ahead to what is likely to happen in southern Alberta. I can

see in preview a series of study plots, small enclosures, and pastures that TO THIS ENGIHEERED may be the means of answering critical questions in a positive manner. If the people of Alberta and DEEP TILLAGE TOOL

their leaders will but square themselves to the task, they can prevent During recent years, the popudown extra deep, as the conthe deterioration resource that lar AllisChalmers Model H dition demands. Surface coverhaunts the range industry in Utah.

Superintendent Palmer is. anxious Offset Disc Harrow has beand trash are chopped and

to get a research program under come the key soilbuilding mixed into the soil as much way. It would be a great scientific

service to show the way around the tool on more and more ranches. or as little as you desire.

quagmire of range deterioration that Its original success on heavy

You'll like these features, has so far been found in the path of cover crops and irrigated soils every grazing economy both in the too! Disc gang lubrication

Old World and in America. Morehas been carried over to sumgood for the life of the blades

over, a great merfallow to Latit would be boon on dryland grain... right or left turning with in Saintterday to people Canada farms.

have instituted shortly a system of ease... extra high ground

range preservation before the ranges Everywhere the result is the clearance... unusually level

are much imperiled. It is infinitely

same. Soils respond producwork... quick, flexible, reeasier to preserve ranges still in good

condition than it is to rehabilitate tively to the thorough treatsponsive control... extra

them after the processes of deteriorament of an offset disc harrow heavyduty roller bearing detion reach flood tide, as they may do in a few years. It would be a great with a wide range of precise sign. Investigate these and

demonstration of intelligent funccontrol. Cutting and penetraother evidences of streamlined

tioning to preserve the state of wellbeing that now exists on most of the tion are unusually effective. engineering at your Allisrange lands around Alberta, RayTillage is held shallow or set Chalmers dealer's today.

mond, and Lethbridge stakes. The

comparatively small areas that need ALLISCHALMERS restoration could readily be handled MILWAUKEE 1, U.S.A. TRACTOR DIVISION reseeding, if necessary.by This may

soon be an important undertaking in I IT'S YOUR SHOW!

Alberta, since before long there may The National Farm and Home Hour—Coastbe other stakes, for Zion is growing ] to Coaston 155 NBC Stations

there also..- Jiil.-lv.:.;......:-;-;:.-...:-..,....—->.;-*- wt:;;;:.:-..-..:J.-,v. i

MARCH 1947

THE M MENGLEANER SILVER JUBILEE

( Continued from page 1 43 ship plan was set up. This included the

tures daily; I will spend at least two hours following five steps, which are carried

each week serving my fellow men. out each year

The present pattern for the Gleaner Gleaning week is a week before the openpin was adopted in 1925. Soon thereing of the regular Mutual season in Sepafter the first Gleaner manual was tember. Previous to it, ward records are

printed. It contained lessons only, checked, each girl of Gleaner age noted, and

nothing on organization or symbolism, a written invitation sent to her to attend but the girls were thrilled to have their the Gleaning party or reception. This party,

own book. the second step, is held during Gleaning

The Church centennial year of 1930 week and serves to'introduce the girls to saw the beginning of the "Treasures of eacher class.other Earlyinformallyin thebeforeseasonenteringa memberGlean-

Truth"project. At that time the eyes ship comradery, the third step, is held on an

of the people were turned toward their M. I. A. night. Again all of the girls of

pioneer ancestors, and the inspiration Gleaner age in the ward who have not been and courage of those people were coming to Mutual are personally invited noted. Many were the faithpromoting and urged to attend. At this time an inis presented it the stories told program grandparents, by and by

TEA GARDEN also makes PRESERVES is explained, talks are symbolism to for wise future record these deemed was spirationalgirls—the JELLY MARMALADE GRAPE sheaf, of the presented the importance on JUICE generations. their Gleaners, true to

the are of copies pocketsize sheaf given the name, best gleaned history from and girl, girls pins to are deto each and given it lives from their compiled and own in siring period social with them. An informal form. the stories Recording GET permanent light lovely usually refreshments and music

their ancestors, of adding of their some this evening. enjoyable concludes CHICKEN

stories, personal dedrawing and own RID is the class leader's, for step The fourth signing became some of the chief intershe prepares and presents the class material ests of the girls as they made their every M. I. A. night in such a manner that

lesinspired girls are helped every and of proj- "Treasures by This books. Truth"tap Black Just Leaf

is fifth son. the step of the binding The is still continuing, this great and perches on with the

. girl sheaf. of every Gleaner ward When Applicator Brush will centennial year undoubted-—HeatCap- j ectPioneer

from the roosting chickens ly see even more interest in it. age living within a ward is enrolled in

causes fumes to rise and Mutual, that ward is entitled to bind its quickly rid them of lice P\uring the next few years ward and sheaf. An evening program gives to the

and feathermites. stake organizations of Gleaner ofwhole ward an insight into this great orBLACK LEAF 40 |*N0SI0d*l ficers were recommended and rapidly ganization as girls present in brief their

activities, ideals, their their achievements. is also used as a spray existence. stake organcame into The

girl stalk gives representof a wheat, for destroying aphids and Noumos nmdins ization at first suggested was herself. where Eaching All are together bound in a other small sucking

insects on plants. Kills wards were "reasonably close together"sheaf and presented to the ward president by contact; kills by mm because of the need to prepare for stake and bishop as a symbol of the strength of

fumes. Sold by functions as the such stake Gleaner the organization, the as what group a whole

dealers factorybanquet which an had is scroll become do. annual has golden done can and A sealed containers—in

affair. sent general thus to board each ward by the strong. fresh and

TOBACCO BYPRODUCTS Although the Gleaners had Ruth of achieving.

CORP., CHEMICAL & old of true as an example womanhood, the inauguration year since of Every INCORPORATED felt 'soonnnPi) it advisable to formulate was the this plan, membership more than one LOUISVILLE 2. KY.

carry to this to LOOK FOR THE LEAF ON THE PACKAGE idealsand to settowardforth whichthese idealsthey soshouldthat theyaim hundredtheir membershipwards haveplanbeenthroughable might always be cognizant of them. Sisglorious achievement.

ter Rose Wallace Bennett of the general Gleaner committee accepted this "pOR years the strength of Gleaners in assignment and with inspiration positions of leadership was noted, from the Lord wrote the "Gleaner and the Gleaner committee felt that

SAYS copiesSheaf"ofin this1937.codeTodayof life thousandsfor Gleanersof girlssome forplantheseshouldpositionsbe devisedand alsotototrainen-

"Recently the in girls'Mining hanging Newmont all opportuniaccept rooms, courage them to may be found nation's larger of the Company, one in their plan ties to achieve. "Treasures achievement of Truth"An its mounted companies, mining announced

intention eral groundof developingin Utah. Wecertainshouldminen- books, and placed elsewhere for them was worked out during 1940 and

courage more outside capital to to read often. The pocketsize copies presented to the field. By June 1941

take in development a hand resources. For each dollar ofof ourore are tucked in their purses so that the more than one hundred girls had become

produced, 90c stays in Utah."inspiration of this sheaf predicated on "Golden Gleaners"by filling credits in

the Twentyfourth Psalm may be with spiritual, executive, cultural arts, and them always. Today it is a vital part of creative fields. At the Golden Gleaner

each girl's life and of the Gleaner membreakfast at June conference that year bership plan. these girls were presented with their

The success of the Gleaner program certificates and pins.

and the uplifting and valuable influence Although the war years interfered on girls who participated was so somewhat with the inception of this marked that wards were urged to make program, there are already over one sure all girls of Gleaner age seventeen thousand girls who have achieved this

METAL MINING INDUSTRY to twentyfour were actively enrolled. highest honor in the Gleaner departOF UTAH To help accomplish this, the memberment. Recently the first Golden Glean178 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

The M MenGleaner Silver Jubilee ers in a foreign country, other than

Canada and Mexico, were admitted two girls from South Africa. In a recent survey, the Golden Gleaners were

asked to list their positions in the

Church. All but eight held at least one

position. Some of these had new babies;

some had recently moved to new wards and had not yet been asked to serve;

and one was kept busy helping her husband who was a priesthood quorum president. All of the other girls were

active in the Church, many having two and three positions and some having as many as five. As the years go on, these

girls, wearing their distinctive Golden

Gleaner pins, will continue to typify before the world the highest ideals of womanhood.

The past twentyfive years have been full of achievement, fun, and inspiration. They have been years during

which the Gleaner Girls have madethemselves known throughout the world Blazing the Trail for their fine ideals, their clean lives, influence. the uplifting theirand What to QUALITY HAY will bring canyears twentyfivenext

not be foretold exactly, but because these girls are among the finest young people in the world, the coming years, too, will be full of all that is worth while. 'T'he M Men program was launched officially at the June conference of 1922, following several years of study by the general board of the Y.M.

M.I. A., and particularly by its senior

committee.

At June conference of 1921, permisOnly Mother Nature herself can create feeding quality in so stakes which granted tosion was hay. Ever since the first balers back in 1910, Case has worked for with one year to experimentdesired

a program for seniors that would place continually on practical machines and methods to capture and the responsibility for providing and keep the goodness of hay as it grows in the meadow. All that

conducting department programs diagricultural science has learned about vitamins, minerals, and rectly upon the members of the class the time when protein reaches its peak, plays its part in the Case under adult supervision. System of Making Hay.

This action was followed by a reThus the Case SideDelivery Rake, brought out when "tedport of the senior department committee ding"was still done, turned directly away from that destructive general the December board onto 14, practice. Case rake it possible The gently, made to handle hay current prothe reviewed1921, which

fluffy to build high, with windrows inside, leaves largely sheltered that andgram from bleaching sun. It was the fast, worksaving way to make

established well fairly It seems by the AirConditioned Hay. The Case slowgeared, fourbar tractor

of thisrecent members surveys by made board and by reports from the field that rake of today does all this at modern rubbertired speed.

the senior young men (1721 years of age) To get hay with all its leaves and quality from windrow to might and should be served much more manger was another problem. Years of research and experience

the effectively Y.generally by and M. with big pickup balers brought forth the SlicerBaler. Case

in doing succeeded than haveM.I.A. we Slicing instead of stomping saves and folding leaves both in... years. last comthe Yourduring few

mittee has given serious attention to the the field and in the manger or feedlot. It is so simple that boys

problem of enabling the Y. M. M. I. A. to can operate it, so low in cost that most any farmer can own it.

serve better the senior young man. We Send for new booklet "How to Make HighProtein Hay."

considerashall before lay not many you the us, to sug- J. I. Case Co., Dept. C-31, Racine, Wis. except that occupiedtions have

gest that upon the foundations already laid, we may build successfully to meet the needs of the young man by organizing somewhat SERVING FARMERS more definitely the work offered in close SINCE 1842 (Continued on page 180) MARCH 1947 179 THE M MENGLEANER SILVER JUBILEE (Continued from page 179) ball league from four teams to "the accordance with the period of development biggest basketball league in the world,"of the senior young man. as it has been termed by the New York

The plan as set up originally proTimes, was a slow process. Salt Lake,

vided for Ensign, Liberty, and Pioneer stakes, all

First: a for the manual study period. A theof Saltfirst Lakefew seasons.City, operatedThenalonethe Saltfor

fiveyear program scheduled to include was five courses in the "achievement series."Lake interstake league was formed,

Subjects selected were health and achievewith Irwin Clawson as president and ment; social life and achievement; vocaHomer C. Warner as arbitrator. For

tions and achievement; recreation and the next few years the league prospered

achievement; and religion and achieveand grew rapidly. Other stakes applied ment.

Second: an activity period for both study for admission, and finally competition

and expression of the cultural arts, sociolwas thrown open on a Churchwide ogy, ethics, and similar subjects. basis under the direct supervision of

Third: outside activities—including sothe general board. Memberships in the

cials, athletics, rallies, excursions, etc. M Men basketball league now extend

The organization plan, which is folto all stakes of the Church including lowed with slight variation today, inCanada and Mexico.

cluded a senior leader, a class president, Of approximately twentyfive thouvice president, and secretarytreasurer. sand M Men, nearly ten thousand playAll activities, with the approval of the ers participate each year in fifteen divisenior leader, were to be planned and sions, with tournaments on stake, dividirected by the class officers with such sion, and allChurch bases. Winning

committees as they desired. This group teams of the various divisions with

was also to conduct the activities outone additional team selected to fill the side the regular Mutual Improvement bracket compete for the championship

Association period. The senior leader of the entire Church. was to be the class instructor and suEligibility requirements of the M Men

pervisor or advisor to the class officers. league undoubtedly are the most exactIn the twentyfive years since the proing of any league in the country. Age,

gram was introduced, it has become one residence, medical examinations,.

of the outstanding youth groups of the Church participation, and abstinence world, and its membership is Churchfrom both liquor and tobacco are all wide. carefully checked against the very rigid

rules. Members of the Young Men's

HThe selection of the name was an inMutual Improvement Association are teresting procedure. Members of permitted to play in restricted numbers

Drink the general board were asked to submit even though they are not members of suggestions. On the list submitted were the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterthese: day Saints. In the final tournament for

the allChurch championships several

Fellows, Nephites, Mutual Boys, Washstates are represented, and frequently akies, Mountaineers, Arapines, Mormonas,

Deserets, Uintahs, Senior either Canada or Mexico. Recognizing Timpanogos,

the international character of theFICGO Brotherhood, M.I.A. Savages, M.I.A. Amercere- opening the impressive league, icans, Climbers, M.I.A. Seniors, M.I.A. FREE FROM CAFFEINE includes representation each year Eagles, mony Liahonas, L.D.S. Loyal League,

You will enjoy this delicious, healthful Buffaloes, Ymmias, Ammays, Peers, Majors, for the United States, Canada, and hot beverage free from the stimulants Mavericks, Adelphians, Evergreens, Alpha Mexico.

Sons Miamas, of Deseret, Cumorahs, M, for leadingcondemned medical years by basketball, to addition the Tn M Men Knights of Achievement. and contains caffeinemen. nor no FICGO leagues in im conducted the past have

harmful oils normally found in coffee. After weeks of deliberation, the name Softball and tennis. Lack of sufficient

Only Nature's treasured fruits of sun and was chosen. Judging from the wideinterest in tennis caused that sport tosoil into blend a delightful FICGO, go popularity, spread acceptance and withdrew dropped. it be The Men M

finest selected barley ovenroastedof the ideal choice. the was The "M"was softball in of the elders quofavor from

and treeripened California figs. designated to stand for "Mormon,"rums of the Church to whom it was asYou who recognize the benefits of sane Mutual, missionary, moral, manly, signed. When softball tournaments;

eating and drinking will delight in the magnificent, model-—in fact, any desirwere held there was participation from

savory flavor of this wholesome, caffeineable quality or characteristic beginning a wide area.

free hot drink with your meals. Mothers, with the letter "M."To direct emphasis to the desirability

too, praise FICGO for children, who love President Oscar A. Kirkham, then of achievement in several phases of"

it cold days. winter particularly these director executive the of Y.M.M.I.A. in activity connection the M Men

popularity, of 20 yearsProven FICGO by First of the Council a and member now plan the program, Master was Men Mwith healthfreely as acan this recommended the be of Seventy, name. suggested in 1932. achievement introduced An

ful drink for children and grownups alike. Among the "extracurricular"activiprogram was planned to encourageLEONARD H. BALLIF, President ties, basketball immediately dominated participation in a wellbalanced proCalifornia Ficgo Company as a separate M Men movement, and gram, to develop the young men mentalLos Angeles, California the M MenGleaner banquets predomily, physically, and spiritually. Thisnated as the joint program feature. added feature to the M Men program

Development of the M Men basketwas based upon an achievement plan 180 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

spirituality standards highest of carof opportunity and responsibility With desires morality achieve in to quarand in their second rying to the worldThe M MenGleaner and

Silver Jubilee the worthwhile things of life, the M ter century the culture, the ideals, and

Men and Gleaners of the Mutual Imthe soulsaving principles of the gospel initiated in Granite Stake by Werner provement Associations face both the of Jesus Christ.Kiepe, now chairman of the M Men

committee of the general board.

Given special emphasis were the fields of executive service in the

Church, spiritual activity, forensics, dramatics, music, and athletics. Toachieve Master M Men recognition, it SUMMER SCHOOL

is required that a satisfactory standard of excellence be reached and definite participation be had in at least four of these special activity groups. In striving

for this award which recognizes missionary work as a part of the program and gives credit accordingly, thousands of M Men have served as executives in Utah's Centennial Year priesthood quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Sunday School, and TWO SESSIONS: June 16 to July 18 and July 28 to August 29.Scout troops. At the annual Master M CENTENNIAL RECESS—July 19 to 27—allows time to witness major features of

Men breakfast held in connection with Utah's Centennial Program.

reports indicate conference,the June

VISITING FACULTY: exceptions Master withthat very few

E. Dr. Allen, State Instruction, Bateman, Superintendent Public City, Salt Lake Utah.

in positions leadof serving are A., First Dr. Minister, Burkhardt, Men Church, Roy Communityof Ohio. Columbus,M

Carlisle, Dr. C., John Superintendent, City of Schools Professor Logan Education, and theership Church. throughout State Agricultural College, Utah. Logan, Utah

Tn rendering service to the Church, Chamberlain,State of SouthDr. OlinCarolina,B., ProfessorCharleston,of SouthNeuropsychiatry,Carolina. Medical College of the

P., Dr. Charles Assistant Billings, Dean, Superintendent Montana.

and hundreds thousands Dixon, Dr. President, College, H. Aldous, Utah. Men ofOgden,Schools, Weber of M

R., Dr. Illinois Lester Institute Illinois, Chicago, of Technology, and President, as misFord, served have Gleaner Girlsof Association of America. Mathematical

sionaries in various parts of the world. Johnson, Dr. Frank Harris, Associate Professor of Zoology, Princeton University,

It is probable that no similar group in Johnson,Princeton,Mr. W.NewO.,Jersey.Aviation Educationist, Civil Aeronautics Administration, Departany part of the world has so high a perKrone,mentDr.of Commerce.Max T., Dean, Institute of the Arts, University of Southern California,

cent of its members with world travel Los Angeles.

experience and background. Lesher,tion, Dr.Camden,Mabel NewGrier.Jersey.Educational Consultant, American Social Hygiene AssociaCollege, Dr. Louis, Brooklyn Mallory, Professor of Speech, York. New As the M Men and Gleaners apNelson, Mr. State School Superintendent for the Boyd, of Utah Deafproach their silver jubilee, they form Robinson, Mr. O. Preston, Assistant to the President, Times SquareandCorporation,Blind.

the nucleus of the social and recreationTrieb,Brooklyn,Dr. Carl,NewProfessorYork. of Physical Education, Occidental College, Los Angeles.

al programs of the Church. In dancing, Walkup,Vander Velde,Mrs. F.Mrs.B., Hanna,Dean of Artist,the PasadenaAnn Arbor,Playhouse,Mich. Pasadena, California.

drama, and speech, members of these (Others to be announced.)

groups contribute greatly to the Church SPECIAL FEATURES:

1620 Administrators'Educational Conference June In music, whileprograms. many who

Institute Professional Relations 24 June still participate, theare older Institute 25. 26, Counseling on 27 Guidance June and Men M

1 Institute 30, Government on June July far represent the Gleaners byand Institute Affairs 3 2 July World on and

Institute 7-12 Life Julylargest annual group. age The

7-19 Writers'Conference Utah July heavilyfestivals upon have drawn Institute 18 14 Aviation on July Education danceM Family

Institute 21, 22, 23 on July Sound andto In the centennial Gleaners. andMen Series Lecture Thursday Evening Each Tuesday and

June conference festivals in dance, muAddress Inquiries to the Director of Summer School sic, drama, speech, and story, this group will participate by the thousands indemonstrating and reflecting the culture UNIVERSITYSALT LAKE CITY 1,OFUTAH UTAH of the Church and its membership.

MARCH 1947 181..

JOSEPH SMITH IN CHENANGO COUNTY

Xester BETSY ROSS (Continued from page 149) and 1891. (All editions are in the

SPINET Joseph the Prophet, incidentally conLibrary of Congress, Washington, firms the record of such a trial hav- D.C.) In the 1910 edition and thereing been held, and devotes about after a much fairer and more nearly

eight pages of his volume to Joseph's correct account of the "Mormons"account of the trial."Tullidge deappears. It was written by Henry

scribes the trial of Joseph Smith in King Carroll, LL.D, Department of

1 830, which no historian denies. This Minor Denominations.

is "deliberate misinformation."The alleged court record is not

The second anti-"Mormon"writmentioned. Apparently Funk and

er, George Bartholomew Arbaugh, Wagnalls had found no historical

America s Revelations in Mormonism, 1932, evidence existed to justify its confinest in its field. page 28, refers very briefly to the actinued publication.

trial. writes-: of the count He affidavits in Mormonism ( 2 ) The

start to is the time 1VTOW assert which that Joseph that Joseph's so spread fame he was hired Unveiled little fingers those ten Smith a seer had stone Stowell Josiah he by which County, of Chenango had the over keyboard roaming for father to dig York, money. His New found while he for working was of that a piano. And others him. with and were employed About at Willard Chase Palmyra, were should piano be.the.. new five later arrested Stowell months him had

Betsy Ross Spinet. Your as an impostor. At the trial, March 26, written for the specific purpose of

children will adore its eye1826, he said he did locate gold mines and proving that Joseph Smith by this filling size... it will fit into hidden treasure, as well as lost property, means practised fraud and claimed

any room and harmonize by looking in his stone, that he had done to have found the metallic plates of this for solicited three busiyears never but or color with decor any the of Book recIf a court Mormon.

late pretty ness of and had given much practice peschemes. The in it ord had been existence within it sore. his eyes because up made was He riods will pleasure. be eighty miles of the residence of the guilty. held his the trial he At... showed

DAYNES MUSIC CO. Belcherseer stone;stone;.. it. mustThis havewas beenclearlythenotChasethe peoplewhich whoJosephsignedSmiththeseconfessedaffidavits hein

stone, since "a child's foot in it resembled Store Complete Music a seer stone, this had used record A opaque. shape"and was

4547 So. City 1 Main St., Salt Lake in all probability would have been

Convenient Terms Arranged The alleged court record does not known to the author of Mormonism state Stowell had him arrested; it Unveiled, and would have been

f(rrfffV|fifrf!fffffffrfrnrfffff|ffrffffff|fffff(fffffftf|fffr|fi does not state Joseph Smith showed printed at the time, and quoted

his stone. Such are the misquotations thereafter by all anti"'Mormon"

JfaL of Theprejudicedthird writerwriters.to quote the alwriters.( 3 ) No account of the life of Joleged justice of the peace record, seph Smith written either by those

Fawn M. Brodie, writes: who accepted his message as the

is confirmed behavior This by the most truth, or those who tried to find a objective coldly description of young Joseph that remains which historians have hitherto human explanation for the origin of overlooked or ignored. This description the Book of Mormon, prior to Tuttle"HowBook seems also to be the earliest public document in 1883, asserts that Joseph Smith

that mentions him at all. The document, a confessed in a court of law that he

record dated 1826, March Joseph when #01. $swsuriofiAJtA court had used a seer stone for any purtrial in his covers Bainwas twentyone,

especially and that the record charge of York, a being a pose, on New for especiallyWritten to bridge, those wish who of such confession in existence. was disorderly the person impostor. and an On

theirdo research. This own genealogical the basis of testimony presented, including ( It is true that Oliver Cowdery 4 )

tells of booklet things to do some and admissions Joseph's of indulging in own refers to a possible arrest of Joseph arts organizing magic hunts and for buried to exactly them. do HOW prior it to Smith is 1830, true and gold, the ruled court guilty disturbing of him

by the peace. that one historian of Chenango

WALTER M. EVERTON. County refers to this arrest in 1826.

Librarian,Genealogical Cache County Public A careful study of all the facts In these records which are quoted Library; Editor, Genealogical Section, HeraldJournal, (Logan, Utah.) regarding this alleged confesabove, nothing appears which would

TELLS WHERE TO WRITE sion of Joseph Smith in a court of justify the assertion that Joseph

Smith in office a confession gives book the post made a court thatThe HOW a seer to address law he had stone used different of of 350 sources genof law regarding of the use a seer find treasure ealogical for hidden of information purposes

THEY LIKE THE HOW BOOK fraud, must come to the conclusion stone, and particularly that such a

More than 6000 have been sold in the last six that no such record was ever made, record was in existence.

months. genealogicalIt is nowclasses.used It'sin hundredsdifferent. of and therefore, is not in existence. ( 5 ) Thousands of intelligent and

These are the reasons: devout persons accepted the eviPRICE THE

Twentyfive cents each. Four for a dollar bill ( 1 ) The article written for the dence presented by Joseph Smith

please.) (no stamps Send all orders to W. M. religious encyclopedia was printed in during his lifetime. In addition, these Everton, Logan, Utah.

the same place and with the same believers at that time were able to sized letters in later editions, 1889 determine for themselves by person182 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Joseph Smith in Chenango County al investigation all the facts that Joseph Smith declared to be true concerning persons, places, events, and conditions which had to do with the writing, translation, the existence of copies of the characters from the plates, and other situations concerning the actual dictation and printing of the Book of Mormon. If any evidence had been in existence that Joseph Smith had used a seer stone for

fraud and deception, and especiallyhad he made this confession in a court of law as early as 1826, or four years before the Book of Mormon was printed, and this confession was in a court record, it would have been impossible for him to organize the restored Church.

(6) The following facts are important regarding the possible existence of a justice of the peace court record similar to the one quoted in the article written by Bishop Daniel

S. Tuttle: a. "The revised statutes of the

state of New York printed in 1829, require the recording of certain facts not mentioned in the alleged record.

The law does not require the recording of the testimony of the defendant. (Revised Statutes of New York,

1829, Vol. I, p. 638 and 243.)

b. "Records as early as 182030 For longer car life,

of justice of the peace courts of New library at Albany, state, in theYork handwriting in the are of drive in at theNew York, the justices and contain only the names of the plaintiff, the defendant,the statement of the case, the date of PEP 88VICO judgment, the amount of judgment, the cost and fees."(Charles Titus, sign

Book of judgments 18081817. T.

Shipherd.) Docket Book, Washington County, 1828, Docket Book,

Cairo County, 18291833, Bender's

Manual for all Counties and Town Utah Oil Refining Co. *Officers, 15th edition, 1837, p. 311, ''Tr

describes the powers and duties of justices of the peace, and designates the record that each justice shall keep. It states:

Jtii,...

Powers & Duties of Justices of the Peace:

Each justice shall (a) Keep a criminal docket and a civil docket. The original docket, in all cases,

shall contain the name and residence of the defendant, and the complainant; the offensecharged; the action of the justice on the THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

complaint, and the name of the constable or other officer to whom any warrant on the 12 Issues $2.00

complaint was delivered. It shall also show

(Concluded on page 184) MARCH 1947 183 JOSEPH SMITH IN CHENANGO COUNTY (Concluded from page 183) (8) Two of the anti-"Mormon"others who had the ability to write whether the person charged was or was not writers who copy this record, Samuel the book.

arrested; plea; the a defendant's whether BartholoGeorge and Traum W. or held examination had or antrial was be: Joseph conclusion must that the '"The declare both Arbaugh, mew of the addresses thewaived; names and of four years the during Smith of of the origin was Mormon Book final thereon, thewitnesses and sworn

of the time the or from 1827 to 1823 relijustice premises. the inaction of the the wrote Rigdon Sidney who

The civil docket shall show in each case gious parts, and Solomon Spaulding, first visit to him of Moroni, the imre- the time to he the the plaintiff defendantthe of and names messenger, for mortal basis the historical provided if there their attorneys, any, the who beand the of record ancient the ceived writers agree book. two the These witnesses all the of addresses andnames considerable spent Mormon Book of practically all persons with who constituting of the the personssworn, names

the jury, if any, and the final disposition of have tried to prove a human origin of of his time in Chenango County, the case, together with an itemization of all the Book of Mormon, namely, that New York. Here he worked as a

costs collected therein. Joseph Smith did not have the abilicommon laborer. He may have atty to write this book of over five huntended school. No one claims he as-

( 7 ) A visit to Norwich, the coundred pages of history, prophecy, and sociated with or had access to any ty seat of Chenango County, New religious doctrine. The believers in knowledge that would have assisted

York, and a personal interview with the book also assert that Joseph him to write the Book of Mormon.

the Mr. Irving D. Tillman, clerk of Smith did not have the ability to It was known to some of the people

the county court, revealed that there produce the book. In other words, that he claimed to have been visited

are no records in this country prior for one hundred years, and especialby a messenger from God and that to 1850. Also, there is no knowledge ly during the lifetime of the Prophet a book of great religious importance

of the destruction of any records. It Joseph Smith, it was definitely was to be expected. There exists no

that Daniel asserted be definitelycan perhad person every who by known than other lived he to prove evidence this visited not have could TuttleS. the of Prophet Joknowledge sonal exists, life. and record normal a No 1 such found to prior 883, andcounty of the Morthat Book Smith, seph one to prove evidence is there no reports. allegedly he as recorda ability his entirely beyond was mon confessed he in which ever made was bishop resident this a time he wasAt

it an that asserted was write. to He that he court the of peace in a justice anti-"Morin Utah. The Idaho and

mon"writers who quote his article ancient record translated by the gift had used a seer stone to find hidden depend entirely upon his statement and power of God. Those who treasures for purposes of fraud and

in the religious encyclopedia. None denied his statement asserted that, deception.

deception, and information of fraud for purposes This knowledge of has personalof them new edition of AwillNewbe Witnessmore fullyfor treatedChrist inin assistance the of America.a had obtained he of this record. existencethe

LET'S TALK IT OVER (Continued from page 161) various "smokescreens"which hide ing girl risking the strain and presDur all this is not, especially, what and distort its meaning. Actually, sure of close association with twenty

I want to bring to your attention. there is nothing about the fact that or thirty smoking friends. And, final-

I feel not so much a desire to defend a nondrinker has cheated his neighly, in this connection, we must rethe Word of Wisdom as to point out bor, which makes the drinking of the member that we marry among our the value of this, socalled, subordi- "honest man"acceptable and good. associates and intimates, and then

nate principle in developing a true To think so is evasive. There is, whatever their strength or weakness

conception of the nature of tolerance honestly, no reason to believe that become part of ourselves,and in preparing us for greater laws. because our Heavenly Father for-—they

lives, of part the "cloth"part of our weaknesses of our gives some weaknesses, for their Tolerance of in our posterity, and, homes and the case be pray may for our we good whichlove, this situation, the term "tolerance"else should, will, or anyone that he smokers,friends andthemselves—thehelpfulness loses meaning.drinkers, the overeaters, the cola glorify those weaknesses. To beis to evade the direct ques- '"The Word of Wisdom is a goodfans—is a wholesome thing if lieve so

we can remember some basic truths. tions of life. human exercise in developing

The first is that there is always a Then, again, in facing this matter judgment and strength. We are told

point where tolerance becomes acof tolerance, we must accept the fact that it is adapted to the "weakest."

ceptance. The "bard"who wrote, that human relations seldom remain Does not that suggest that if we

"We first endure, then pity, then in "check and balance."We become can't live this "lesser"law we're goembrace,"understood human nacloser or less close to our friends ing to have real trouble "making

ture. Are we strong? Do we have with the passing of time, and there shift"with the greater ones? If we

perspective? What does tolerance is always the matter of who influexpect to understand and live the

mean to us? ences whom. For a nondrinking great moral laws, perhaps we should,

There are divisions to this subject. church group to love and absorb a sensibly, be disciplining ourselves

If we are to be honest about tolerdrinking member is a quite different through the Word of Wisdom route.

ance, we must learn to get rid of the matter, usually, from one nonsmokThe nonuse of liquor and tobacco 184 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Let's Talk It Over

should be for us relatively simple.

That many do not find it so, indicates the need of a direct answer to the question of my childhood, "Why do we drink? Why do we smoke?"

Perhaps there are as many answers as there are drinkers or smokers.

Curiosity may be a strong influence, or example, or escape from the insecurities of youth. Bad advice may

be a factor. I once knew a father who

counseled his collegegoing son to smoke because "more doors and opportunities would be open to him"and "in this normal relaxation of great minds,"he would be "at home and comfortable."There may be

some little grain of fact in that idea, but not the whole truth. The father

completely forgot the nonsmoking great minds with which he might not "feel comfortable."And he underestimated the many other elements

involved in social and intellectual life. I knew another father who advised his son to study music for exactly the same reason. On the whole

it worked out much better. The reasoning of the first father is part of

boxed in Pink and m Delectctbly I find obevasive thinkingthe which f Gold, I false imfor it assignsjectionable, a portance to social acceptance. It They make a hit with young,-::;':: ''old desirand to more to be muchseems me *, *#/< '% for Party out"to "soughtable choice of men be what % The M ''

and maidswe are—the active gifts we offer, the truth we exemplify, the en- 1 Is always luscious,

couragement, stimulation, and relief V creamy Glade's!

we provide, than to be passively "accepted"because our personal habits happen to conform to those of a group.

CHOCOLATES T doubt that smoking or drinking ofttJtDl CJUDT COMMIT J*IT 1AM III'V, UTAH fers any help in social or other problems of life. Since I am not a TUNE KSL WEDNESDAYS, 10:00 P.M. FOR INTERLUDE FOR STRINGS

smoker, I obviously do not know the inducements of smoking. But I have

—manknown manyor woman—-whosmokers, anddidn'tneverwishone

he were free from the habit. In aconfiding mood they say that it is J>&L thsL fi&At

dirty, expensive, dangerous, unattractive, that their mouths never feel Qvl QwtMinL QhuhdfL ZXibvwdiihsL clean, and their food never tastes good, that it is probably the cause Subscribe to—and Readof many great and fatal fires.

Once, in the face of this indictment from a young man, I asked inamazement, "Why, then, don't you THE IMPROVEMENT ERA stop?"He was not a member of our Church, and he replied, "It's too 12 lssues-$2.00

(Concluded on page 186) MARCH 1947 185 LET'S TALK IT OVER

(Concluded [rom page 185) having started, have quit successfulhabit, life becomes simpler, and you much of a habit. I haven't the 'guts'ly, it is worlds easier never to begin. can spend some of this saved time

to quit."You need never figure out just how and energy in studying the positive

"Why did you ever start in the far you can go because you need aspects of good living, as laid down first place?"I pressed. never go at all. And when you are in the revelation, and in developing

"Oh, it was just understood,"he completely free from an enslaving the socalled "great virtues of life,"said. "Everyone expected it. My and thinking about tolerance and

father, who was a smoker, warned how it should be used, how far it me in a way, but he admitted later CITY CHILDREN may safely be carried.

that he had noreal hope of persuadBy Dott ]. Sartori And to help you decide all these

ing me. He felt that it was useless things, you'll be blessed with that

to try to influence me because every- "LJTave they watched the wild bees hover, "wisdom and hidden treasures of specifically promised toone we knew smoked, and propa- *Have* Cloudsthey seenof sound,these amongbold maraudersthe clover? knowledge"

ganda was vigorous and insistent."Nudge black velvetcoated shoulders, you in the Word of Wisdom.

Which brings us around to the TangerineInto green andlace,lemonblossomstarred?barred,

the invaders have their way part of the revelation well Asdays"—aphrase, "conspiring men in the last Have they seen stems arch and sway Era""The Improvement as pirate's Bearing plundered money NOTE:worth studying. looted of golden honey? Their bags welcome suggesand Mary Brentnall

And all this leads us right back to tions and comments. Tell us what

the weather they summer watched Have It is, impossible think. of course, you I severalwhere was paragraphs ago, the feather Opalescent on

for to Brentnall answer Mary manythat the chicadee? a mountain be should Of Word of Wisdom

all letters personally, but they are to see a trail they climbed have Orrelatively for simple live, to us and gratefully received, interest read with the Silver medals wing on

I it providesnow us fluttering time, that in to and, degree covered Painted Lady, a Of add—because

with an effective antidote for the inAbove a tinsel canyon stream? which we feel will be of widest genLet it be more than a warm night's dream eral interest.tense propaganda which floods the cement for bare compensate To

world. Although I know many who, Of city flat and tenement.

HOLE IN THE ROCK

(Continued from page 145) "Here,"Mr. Decker shouted, "we weeping, prayers, and their song of

"Kumen Jones!"are all here!"the plains:

"Here!""From Cedar City—-"the clerk Come, come, ye Saints;

"George Brigham Hobbs!"suppressed further interruption by No toil nor labor fear,

"Here!"an imperious uplifting of his right ThoughBut with hardjoy wendto youyour way.

Not a sound interrupted the even hand, continuing more impressively This journey may appear, flow of their voices. than before: "Robert Bullock, John Grace shall be as your day...

"These men,"the clerk continued, C. Duncan, James L. Davis, his wife Gird up your loins;

"will act as president, Indian interand four children...."Fresh courage take;

Our God will never preter, chief scout, respectively, in Again the room fell into disorder. Us forsake.

the order named.""Sister Davis!"The exclamation Above the rest these words we'll tell:

There was an approving murmur. went audibly from corner to corner All is well!... All is well!

Heads craned to look at the men of the big room. "Why, Sister Davis

named, and on to their families and is a complete invalid!"ftAPLE and oak leaves were scarlet

friends. Not seeming to notice the interon the hills. Cottonwoods as

"A company of twentyfour ruption, the clerk continued: "Kugold as the stubble of the harvested

young men and two families is men Jones, Hans J. Nielson, George fields, lined the quiet streets of

called,"the clerk resumed, "as an Urie, Thomas Bladin, George B. Cedar City. September was full upon

exploring party. Those present Hobbs."the land.

please respond. From Parowan and The usual response of "Here, Summer had come and gone withParagoonah: James J. Adams, James here,"was heightened by Hobbs'out a word of news from the scout-

H. Duncan, Hanson Bayles, Parley booming voice: "Glad to go, Presiing expedition. Anxious relatives

R. Butt, John C. Dalton, Adelbert F. dent Higbee, glad to go!"watched the roads that led into the

hisMcGregor, H. Henry Harriman, apparently clerk resumed, The far,and never Lunt was Henry not town

..."fivewife children. and their at all disturbed unusual parby the office small telegraph where from the

A confusion of voices interrupted ticipation. "From Panguitch: John his sister, Ellen, worked. Preparathe reading. The murmur rose, Butler, George Sevy—and others."tions for the main trip were comspread, and died away again. Un- A shout went up. It grew, left pleted, as far as was possible before

perturbed, the clerk continued, dronthe building, stirred the restless the exact number and names of the ing monotonously, "James Bean crowd in the yard, then back to the main company had been announced.

Decker...."building it came, intermittent with Kumen's wagon, oiled to newness

186 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HOLE IN THE ROCK by Mary, waited behind their un- "Kumen's a comin', Mis'Jones,"finished house where he had left it. he shouted. "The band's a goin'out

Arabella's baby, a beautiful, strong to meet the scouts!"

boy, had been born, and, according And then the bell began to ring, to the midwife, would hold its own clanging louder than Mary had ever in the world. heard it, rocking its wooden tower

Coming from an afternoon's visit from beam to roof, but clamoring no with her mother, Mary turned in at louder than her heart.

the gate in front of the house that A shout arose. A long unbroken

was to have been her home, but cheer that sent Mary flying around which had been sold to get money the corner of the new house again, for the trip to San Juan, Though it searching for Sage Treharne. Sage,

was no longer hers, Mary still came dazed by the tumult, had staggered to it for solace. When the days had to the corner of the house and stood

been too long to be borne, she had listening to the bell as though it was come to sit quietly in a corner of the ringing her doom, "Kumen! My son!

kitchen, and dream. Today she He is coming home-—for the last

would hang white, fluttery curtains time,"she said, letting the tears fall and rearrange the furniture. Last down her cheeks.

week she had churned and cooked Mary watched her standing there and mended, just as if she had really with her white hair blown about her moved in and had lived there for stricken face, and knew what the years and years. anguish of waiting can mean.

When the nights had been too "Come home, Mother Jones,"she long for sleeping, she had come to said gently, and led her across the stand, barefooted, in the summer street.

darkness under the trees, beside KuWhen Sage was lying on her bed, men's wagon. Sometimes in this propped up with pillows so she could

dream, she sat beside him on the high watch for her son, she urged Mary spring seat, his arm about her waist, to go to the celebration with the driving into a land of beauty and others. "You run to meet our Kuromance. men,"she said. "I will lie here and

Today there was no heart left for rest."

dreaming. She had come to put the "I'll stay with you,"Mary said.

rug she had woven, into the big chest "I might not get near Kumen, even under the seat where she had stored if I went. There's not a soul but

her own clothes and household fabwhat's in the street, and the crowd rics. The house was being completed is gone wild!"

by its new owners and the work of "Kumen must not miss both of reality of the otherher dreaming was us!"cried impatiently. Sage "Mary Biskit Let Fisher's lend Mixhands. nothing There was now bonnet to Jones, get your you and biscuits spark hand! Hot run!"a the but past to the hurrydo windows too'excited to bother was Mary

wagon in the rear. about a bonnet. She elbowed her up any meatless meal!

At the corner of the house, she way through the massed, hysterical stopped and turned back the way crowd, keeping her speed by sheer she had come, for there beside the force of her eagerness and youth.

wagon knelt Sage Treharne in prayAnd even so, her heart outraced her er, her head bowed against the hub feet.

of the farthest wheel. "Here they come!"The shout was

"Poor Mother Jones,"Mary said scarcely heard above the clatter that sadly. "She will not live long withsounded along the claypacked road.

out Kumen. I wish we could take her But it was repeated frenziedly:

with us to San Juan.""Here they come! Here they come!

The scouts are coming!"

The band struck up a tune, but not

Che started for Sage's house, car- a note could last above the din. DELICIOUS ROASTED NUTS

rying the rug in her arms as if it Down the street rode the tattered, Mixed in NitrogenPacked Cans a uselesswere ALMONDS—CASHEWS—PECANS scouts, waving their arms and BRAZILS—FILBERTS an arrestingthere was wild burden. sound—theSuddenly wearylegs like Navajos. Mary Dealer If your

for 12 cans ship postpaid to any and we willthud of swiftly running feet, and counted them as they rode past... cannot supply you send $7.20 in place continental U. S.

the tearing LuntHenry came around..... ten nine... eleven.. And P. RITCHIE CO. HARRYcorner, colliding almost with the then stopped. she outrun She had 333 12 Los Angeles E. 2nd St..

girl in hisstartled path. (Concluded on page 188)

MARCH 1947 "To7. )

HOLE IN THE ROCK

mprovement Era the crowd.(ConcludedAnotherfrom grouppage 187)of horseasked,"Howbrushingis Mother,theMary?"hair strandsKumen

men tore past. The wagons came back from Mary's face. "I've missed

clattering after them. To Mary, you both so much!"

everything seemed frighteningly "We must go to her, Kumen,"Subscribers.. still. She was entirely unaware that Mary cried, forgetting her own joy,

she was alone on the road. But then remembering the terribly shattered

The gives you ERA much of another of group horsemen came in in look Treharne's Sage eyes when the best current CHURCH sight. all tore her past with They bell the to ring had the begun news LITERATURE. Within its covthe their jaded speed horses could that the scouts coming. were "She find ers you each aumonth muster, but ceased to had Mary is waiting, taking never her eyes thoritative 01 material written

spoken by our Church leaders. count. The wind billowed her skirt from the street where you'll be comher hair blew across her face, and ingr

it. feel didn't Has it occurred to you what but that she Her heart

left Kumen's priceless gems of theology, had raced so, was frighteningly still Much of the light poetry downto-earth and "I "Poor Mother,"he said. noise gosnow. of the crowd The was eyes. in pel the have you yearby- she'd taking be knew absence my farther going Still farther and away. of this year volumes magahard. She's babied me, Mary. How the held road empty her unwavering zine? go to without her?"San can we Juan attention. withpassed had Kumen

not preserve them Why are "Then—then we to go—her. seeing for out be must He—he future reference your your and back?"not away, Mary looked frail his poor, holding now, home by edification? children's urge We to see wanting eyes. her Kumen in his arms, mother she see so could to so. you do

the crowd that cheered the other "Yes, Mary. We'll be going to

Single volumes (12 numbers) bound scouts. How—how foolish it was of San Juan, just as we've known we

in durable, attractive, blue cloth Sage to send her out to look for Kuwould since the call was first anit's a beautiful place!binding, stamped in gold $2.25 men! nounced. And

The most beautiful place men will each plus postage.

ever dangerous. the most see—and

to go'back, I wantTen or more volumes at one time 1V[ary turned and went back toward Mary. I want it

$2.00 each plus postage. town. She had no desire to run, more than I want to stay here. Even

no desire to confirm the fear that with Mother not well enough to go,

Bring them in or mail them to us her husband had not come back with I still want it!".

the rest of the party. She passed a

NDW! andlong therowbridge.of cottonwoods, the creek, "As"ThenfrightenedI want asit, Itoo,"am, asMarymuchsaid.as

I love it here; I have the wagon all

"Mary."The word was right by packed, to go with you."

It almost seemed from to come ews her. There was a clop, clop, along the turned, lips. She her own and there

was Kumen, leaning against a tree, road behind them, and Kumen's just as he used to lean when he was horse, lathercaked and jaded, came 29 Richards Street. Salt Lake City courting her and she was late in comaround a bend. "He doesn't look

ing. Then she was buried in his much like the highheaded beauty he

arms, sobbing her relief. was that morning when I rode away

to conference, does he, Mary?"Ku-

"Mary! You darling, goose! I men said, searching through his never saw you cry before,"Kumen breast pocket. "Remember I said I'd

FOR AN said softly. "I was only teasing have a surprise for you?"no. It wasn't that—I—Mary, I Mary's pulse began to race again. wanted us to meet alone—like this!""But that was months ago!"she

Mary looked at Kumen in wonder, cried.

Lxtra Specialr anddid then,never shehad thought,a heart beatfor heas herswas Kumen took her left hand and put holding her so> close there was no a beautiful turquoise ring on her room for breath between them. She finger. "I was so excited the night

was afraid to look at this bronzed, I got back from conference, Mary, strangely new man that had come that I forgot all about that promise.

back to her. There was something How I've kept from losing this, in all

so beautiful, so new and fine about the places I've been, you'll never the way he kissed her that she knew know—and neither will I!"

she would never think of herself as He kissed her again, and then "Danish Mary Nielson"ever again. they walked back to town, making

12 ISSUES $2.00 "Kumen,"she said shyly, adoring the most of every moment.

the sound of his name. "Kumen."( To be continued188 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

.

How the Desert Was Tamed Increase your yield—(Continued from page 141) Cut costs each day—

Use IRONAGE Planterswhich the village will play a prominent part. It was a powerful factor Tork.p*. L With BandWay.

in redeeming the desert. POTATO AND VEGETABLE

The world's peace is bound up PLANTERS AND TRANSPLANTERS smallwith communities the in which Farmers using BANDWAY yields in definite andfertilizerpositiveplacementsavings ingetferaworld's problems can best be conof these advantages: tilizer—becauseincrease

sidered and solved. fOVKplanters OPERATION'prepare seed bed,SAVESplace TIME—BANDWAYfertilizer, plant and

cover in a single operation.

ferBAND-WAY, PLACEMENT—Withscientifically tilizer to the seed, in relation

of burninr Chapter 6—Standing Alone % withSCIENTIFIC nois dangerplaced

BANDWAY % eliminatesLESS FERTILIZERwaste in planting.REQVIRED—

pVERY emigrant party of ox teams # conditionsFLEXIBILITY—BANDWAY.. used on Iron is AgeadjustablePotato toPlanters,all soil

Transplanters. Planters and it Vegetable to expected was bring with

by PROVEN are everywhere, adoptedwho growers lending ofDEPENDABILITY—Already thousandstools for kitchen, seeds, farm and

results obtained outstanding enthusiastic the about livestock, and anything else to make with BANDWAY.

life in the desert possible. Included Write for complete Information TODAY.

SPRAYERS DUSTERS PLANTERS were plows, spades, shovels, sickles, TRANSPLANTERS DIGGERS WEEDERS scythes and cradles, stoves, and CONVEYORS JUICE PRESSES SPECIAL MACHINERY nails, for the farm; glass, crockery,panes of glass for the house; equipjan.trm yAau

for the blacksmithment and A. B. FARQUHAR COMPANY carpenironage sawmills; a multitudeter; whole and

of other things needed by the emiFARM EQUIPMENT DIVISION grants. The lists supplied the wagon rTrTTTTrrTTT w-ww vww

trains are eloquent in the forethought given to the conquest of the valleys of the Rocky Mountains.

The emigrants, many of them of culture and refinement, went far beMORE THAN A yond the requirements made upon them, or their urgent needs. Books,organs, other musical instruments, BUSINESS COLLEGE...

linens, and silks; fine glass and

chinaware were often tucked in All the Usual Subjects-'among the necessities for the presThe L. D. S. offers intensive training in shorthand, typewriting, accounting,

ervation of life. At best, however, machine calculation, and other office subjects.

comparatively little could be transported across the plains and over Plusthe desert, and that at considerable Business administration, commercial law, salesmanship, personal developcost. ment, and others.

As articles wore out in the settle- L. D. S. Institute classes—taught by the Church Department of Education.

ments, new supplies were needed. You will enjoy attending the L. D. S.—where individual -welfare comes first.

Soon, there grew up regular transDay school, five days a week; evening school, Monday and Thursday, 6:30 to

portation systems over the plains. 9:30. Write for full information.

Empty wagons went eastward but returned loaded with things to makelife in the desert more satisfactory. LD.S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

All commercial enterprises had to de70 North Main Tel. 3-2765 Salt Lake City 1, Utah

pend on wagon trains for their stocks. Commodities secured by

such devices of necessity became expensive, and the people, struggling with the semiarid land, and the This Is The Place..building of homes, had little money. IPSE for OP FIFTY YEARS

Had it not been for the gold rush to Aids in treatment of Canker, simple To Keep Up with The Church

California which passed through sore throat and other minor mouth

Salt Lake City, there would have and throat irritations.

been little cash outlet for the prodTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA ucts of their labors, with which to 12 Issues $2.00secure supplies from the East. HALLSSalt LakeREMEDYCity, Utah

{Continued on page 190) MARCH 1947 189 How the Desert Was Tamed {Continued from page 189) HpHE Great Basin had an abundance of raw materials. Iron and other

metals were in the mountains in abundance. Wool could be obtained

in any quantity from sheep grazing in the mountains by summer and on the desert in winter. Cotton grew

well in Utah's "Dixie."Hides of

horses and cattle were available for leather. The people soon asked,

"Why not manufacture these into articles which now are brought from the East?"The proselyting system

had brought into the Basin skilled craftsmen of all trades. Why not let

some of them at least pursue their crafts? So* home manufacturers were

born.

list the of pioneer over Looking Regardless of time serve to your travel needs. Whether Greyis or place—youit's 20 miles...200can dependmiles...2000on Greyhoundmiles, really factories, astonished. one

service is hound ready are. you when The manufacture of almost everySchedules for timed your convenience, low fares and comfortable

buses will give you extra comfort, extra pleasure. thing needed was attempted, for exCall your local Overland Greyhound Agent for complete informaample, such household necessities as

tion about frequent schedules to any point in America. clothes, cotton and wool, shoes from

home tanneries, candles for light, furniture; also helps required forOperated by INTERSTATE OREYHOUNDTRANSIT LINES—UNION PACIFIC STAGES, INCORPORATED their business, as harnesses, wagons,

farm tools, etc., etc. An iron mill was

(PTTTTJF'"set up in Cedar City. A whole sugar

factory, bought in France, was shipped to New Orleans, up the freighted Mississippi, then by and We Never Salt Lake ox team to City. The Nothing 9e'$

Stand Still k manufacturingwas greatly curtailedepoch inwithUtah,the whichcomcleaners k ing of the railroad, is a remarkable A hotel that never stands dishes still? That's right—for evidence of the temper and quality

we're never content with of the people who, driven out of our service or accommodaNauvoo, set about to settle what is tions. We're constantly now the intermountain empire of the

striving for improvement. United States.

That's why each visit to the Hotel Temple Square Another factor, a moral one, more seems like a new, pleasimportant than the long distance of ant experience. the pioneers from sources of supply

* led also to the development of home industries. The people held, as a

Hotel Temple vitalthey mustpart ofbe successfulselfsupportingliving,as thatfar

Square as possible. It was believed that for

Clarence L. West, Mgr. economic and social reasons,

strength waited upon people who were able to stand alone, that is, a people that could provide for its own needs, and also help others. A community that makes what it needs is M strong and can meet the varying economic and political storms. Faith in

"Lightens Housework thru Chemistry"the virtue of selfsupport was an inFOR A MILLION WESTERN HOUSEWIVES tegral, ingrown, necessary part of their philosophy of life. It was really

HOW THE DESERT WAS TAMED

this faith that gave courage to undertered among the small settlements.

take the many ventures in home inThe people were relatively few* in dustry, under the primitive condinumbers, yet woolen mills were estions of the place and day. tablished in Logan, Provo, and

A combination of the farm and the Beaver. A cotton mill was built near

factory was the hope of the pioneers. St. George, where cotton could be

The large home lot would furnish grown, but William Marsden was outside employment and economic directed to build a mill for carding assistance to the factory worker, and spinning cotton at Parowan, whose factory time should be arseventy-five miles from St. George.

ranged to make such a factoryfarm There was a definite attempt to arrangement possible. avoid building factory cities. The

In more recent times, the same idea factory should not be allowed to has been voiced by eminent manudominate the community unduly.

facturers, and by serious thinkers That principle in our day is called about human welfare. It is conceded decentralization. We have allowed

that with the of advent the machine, to manufacturing attempts our go so Write the Salt Lake Tribune forthe factory has worker become much into forget the far as worker, as an of an automaton. To do his best, he dividual and member of society. The your historic Utah transfer patterns

must escape from the machine at pioneers believed in personal welfare in the $500 Utah Centennial Arts times and engage in creative work in and freedom. All their plans kept

which his personality is foremost. that doctrine in view. It was noand Crafts Contest. The contest

The factoryfarm is the answer to where better illustrated than in the closes May 30, 1947, with $100 first this need. The effort of Henry Ford insistence on small cities, scattered

in this direction is the most notefactories, limited hours of factory prize and $400 in other cash prizes.

worthy movement of its kind. work, and some production by all of

the food needed.

Divisions For'"The chemurgic movement, rapidly It was felt, and properly so, that this in rests country, growing businesses, manufacturing small enAdult Needleworkbasically the asidea of a close upon terprises, over the territory, scattered sociation of farm and factory, leadwould give man freedom and power Adult Artcraft ing to the farmfactory home. The to stand alone, despite the vicissiproducts of the farm may be contudes of earthly changes. Especially Youth Artcraft

verted by manufacturing processes was it felt that any movement that Youth Needleivork into things needed by mankind, bewould lead the people to selfsup- yond food. The development of port, in producing the articles needPioneer Division

chemistry, especially in the field of ed, was in harmony with their fields,plastics related has made and philosophy of life. The invention of ftthis in day, possible our more yet laborsaving machinery and the use

the "Mormon"pioneers had the of assembly lines, does not change idea and went as far as they could society's call for a combination day HOW TO ENTER with the knowledge of their day. of farm and factory—and need of Write the Salt Lake TribuneTele-

The whole family was benefited home manufacturing. It may be toby the garden around the home. The day a major solution of the world's gram Home Service Bureau, Salt

flowers in front gave esthetic joy; the problems. Lake City, for complete information.

fresh the vegetables, fromfruits and In addition understood it was that If you desire the transfer pattern, possibly chickens, theground, and find profitable might old and young a cow, guarded the health of the occupations at home, beyond the enclose 20c.

family. Altogether there was kept bethings that the factories produce.

fore children and grownups, nature's The women for many years raised course of life. It is very likely that silkworms, spun the thread from the

the adoption of such a plan in the cocoons and wove beautiful cloth, congested areas of factory workers still to be seen in heirloom dresses inwould solve many a labor problem. possession of the families of pioneer <; i

Certainly it would bring into their stock. Other similar hand pursuits

lives a new richness of life. met the needs of the day. It is really

Another important principle remarkable how large in total such guided the people in their outreachhand industries can come to be. That

ing for selfsupport. Home indusalso should be kept in mind by the

tries were not cluttered together in makers of future states.

one town. Instead, they were scat- ( To be continued xx

MARCH 1947 191 URURGtan

preciate your frank discussion and agree with you completely.

It is all that girls problem a just face boys and not or once fiftieth the HPwo year, the dollars—for until twice daily but perhaps find they satisfactory a solution. * entire life of this The Improvement brought consecutiveEra—has I eighteen living and have been am for from away home into the magazine of its subscribers homes for full year. a

eight (I months returning now. soon, though.) am In times depressions, and boom the magazine has been

carried forward at that subscription price. Now, with the I grew up in a Latterday Saint home in Salt Lake City, and

costs of production higher than ever before, it would upon completion of high school, decided to "see the world."

be simple to do the popular thing and raise the price. Since then I have worked in Portland, Oregon, San Francisco,

Instead, economies have been found in other fields, and Los Angeles.

which make it possible to keep the price of the magazine During that time I have come in contact with persons from at Wethe pricehonestlyit hasfeelbeenthatforthehalfFraa offerscentury.you the most for italmostmay everyseem),state.the problemFrom thewhichglimpseseemsof lifeto I'vestir hadup the(littlemostas

your money in the magazine field today. bitter heartache is just that (smooching).

I wish every young girl could read and take to heart your wise words. Believe me, they certainly have impressed me.

Dear Editors: Thanking you, I remain

Appreciatively, the outstanding articles published in 1946, A MONG in the Era Betty "The * Menace of Moderation,"is, I'm in the December Era sure, tative. entitled to a prominent place. It is timely and authoriPound of Iron—Pound of Feathers

so heavy, bears, Wolves, Jim?"pioneers our rattlers—which faced—were "What"Well, makesPop saysyouthat I've got an iron constitution."notthe of the menace drinking drivers face today. we

I'm glad you published it.

Yours sincerely, Talking Picture

J. S. Stanford, Sue's a perfect photograph of her father."

Logan, Utah "Yes, and an excellent phonograph of her mother."

Dear Editors: A Gauge of Something or Other

Josephine McKay, eighty years of age, is perhaps the most "Is Jane pretty?"

active and the busiest Church member in southern California. "She always manages to get a seat on the bus."

She was born in 1867 at Rutherford, Tennessee, and baptized in Elysian Park Ward of San Fernando Stake at the age of "Longlivity"Secret seventy, on June 5, 1937. "What kind of person lives the longest?"

"I believe it's a rich relative."

Plus and Minus "Do you know any reliable rule for estimating the cost of living?""One j that never fails is take your income, and add ten percent."Once A Day "This is the sixth time this week that I've punished you.

Now, what have you to say for yourself?"

"Dad, you don't know how glad I am that today is Friday."

How Constant Are Values In this centennial year we ran across this bit in a Millennial

StarA ofmaidenalmostbeingone hundredasked whatyearsfortuneago (Juneshe could19, 1852):bring her

—ahusband,heart replied:unspotted,"I willand bringvirtuehimwithoutwhat golda stain,cannotwhichpurchaseis all

that descended to me from my parents."

Testimonial "Is that hair tonic any good?"

She is an outstanding Primary teacher, handling the cradle "Well, last week I spilled some of it on my comb, and it's roll with such efficiency that no other person can please the a brush now."

tots. tiny has She not missed all one stake or ward meeting Late Too

is year. also Relief She a is Society teacher and active very in ''Don't you think has after he's more sense a man married?"that organization, having of quilting, done deal great a sewing,

"Oh, definitely, but it doesn't then."do him good, any other and handwork.

A few months ago she was a radiant bridesmaid, for the first time in her life, for a close friend of hers.

In her neighborhood the children around come quite regularly Era Index for 1946 Available for her storytelling wonderful hours. She is indeed a loved and revered person.—Submitted by Anne Aardema. Oubscribers who wish to bind or otherwise preserve

*-'the 1946 volume of The Improvement Era may secure

Los Angeles, California a copy of the annual index by writing The Improvement

January 18, 1947 Era, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah, enDear Mary Brentnall: closing name and address and a threecent stamp for

T just finished reading your article on "smooching"in the return postage.

* January issue of The Improvement Era. I certainly did ap192 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

WITH 20 ADVANCED FEATURES INCLUDING

YOUR CHOICE OF ALLFUEL OR GASOLINE ENGINES

There's new performance, new ease of hanfort... builtin starter and automatic choke

dling,before'—innew theseComfort—greaternew John Deerevalue"A"thanand ever"B"ventilationmake startingsystemeasy requires... automaticno servicing.crankcase

Tractors Their new Cyclone Engines—in both allfuel These and many other new features, plus

flow gasoline greater ready of the a dependability,and economy, and types—deliver

every job...eager of exclusive Hylonger John Deere life advantages power on John Deere

draulic PowrTrol raises, lowers, adjusts TwoCylinder Engine Design, offer you the utdrawn and integral tools at a touch of your most in tractor value. Your John Deere dealer

hand... adjustableJushion seat and will be glad to give you further information,

roomier platform greatly inJteease your comor write to John Deere, Moline, Illinois.

I0HN DEERE OLINEILLINOIS RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH

THE DESERT BLOOMS

Our pioneers had the vision to see what beauty might be wrought in a

wilderness - - and the courage to plow, and plant, and build - - that there

might be enduring loveliness.

Life, too, is stern or pleasant, according to our foresight and our

sacrifice. An important step you can take at once is to carry life

insurance - - enough to assure to\your family the things that help to

make life beautiful. ** j

KMLIflP

jeorge Albert 5mith, rfes. Salt Late City, Utah