I 5 v f \nw

wt iOYEM

Orai? of tl?e priesthood Quorums ai?d tl?e Youi><} (I\ei)'8

/I\utual Improvement /tesooiatiops of tl? ($urei?

of Jesus frrist of Catterday 5 air? t5

Vol. XII. APRIL, 1909. No. 6.

Published Monthly at Salt Lake City by the General Board $2 00 PER ANNUM Scenic Line of the World

THROUGH

PULLMAN AND TOURIST SLEEPERS TO Before the Smoke Clears Away On your flrestricken shop, factory, office DENVER, or store, you can resume business if inST. LOUISsured with lis. No1 long unnecessary

delays in adjusting, no haggling overterms; but prompt payment of losses AND

every time. It's to our interest to get GHIQAGOyou set up in business again—we can

insure you again.

Home Fire Insurance Company of Utah For Folders, Booklets etc.. address I. A. BENTON, C.A.P.D.,

HEBER J. GRANT & Co., General Agts. Salt Lake City, Utah

2026 South Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah

BOTH PHONES, 351. J, S.JENSEN & SONS

Jos. Wm. Taylor JEWELERS

Utah's Leading Undertaker 53 S. Main St., Salt Lake City

at reduced Missionaries'Watches and Licensed Embalmer. Rings, Diamonds prices. Wedding

Fine 1 uneral Chapel, Private Silverware. Repairing. All work

Parlor,Show Rooms and Morgue guaranteed.

OFFICE OPEN DAY AND NIGHT Have your eyes examined by 21, 23, 2S South West Temple Street our reliable optician,

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH H. O. JENSEN,

Eyesight Specialist / Mail Orders Promptly Attended To.

Established 1889. Capital, $200,000

Utah Commercial and Savings The STATE BANK

City 'u,ah 1890. T TT* A \A SahEstablishedLake Bank. OP

Interest, computed semiannually, on Bank solicits the accounts cf (j Savings Deposits. THISbanks, firms and individuals, and4$ Commercial Banking in all its branches. extends to such customers every

Accounts of Banks and Individuals solicited. reasonable courtesy and facility.Customers assured the best accommodations

consistent with conservative and safe banking.

Wm. F. Armstrong, Byron Groo, AnthonJoseph F.a.Smith,Lund.V.Pres.Prest, Chas.S.H.T.McEwan.Asst.CashBurton. Cashier

President. Cashier.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

Artificial Refrigeration at Market and at Slaughter House

Palace Meat Market THOMAS J. NIPPER, Proprietor

Wholesale and Retail FRESH AND CURED MEATS, FISH POULTRY AND GAME IN SEASON We carry the largest supply of any market in the west, and everything is properly chilled before serving the customer.

BOTH PHONES

263265 South Main St. Salt Lake City, Utah

in CaliAre You Interested fornia, Arizona and Old Mexico, if so, it "would be wise to write for full information about the shortest line and the best service from your point to those sections via the SAL T LAKE ROUTE, Utah's most popular road.

Yours truly, K. G. KERR,

Dist. Passenger Tlgent.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

We will pa) 25 cents for petfeel numbers of the Hook of Mormon

Manual, No. 7. [f you have a No. 7 and 3esire to gel a sel of all the Y. M.

M. I \. Manuals, send the number to the Era and the set will be sent

you on the terms heretofore advertised.

We have still some back numbers of the present volume C12) of the

Era, and will promptly fill any orders for subscriptions for the current rolume.

Several questions have ccme to the Improvement Era, touching various doctrinal and other points; which are not signed. Wc cannot answer anonymous communications, and our friends will therefore kindly give their

names in all instances when they write to the magazine.

Elder George W. Simons, writing from Bloomfontein, South Africa,

says: "The Era is always a welcome visitor and can readily be classed among

the best magazines on earth. I learn man}'new truths every month from

the perusal of its pages, and I would be lonesome without it."

"The elders ot the Irish conference desire to snow their appreciation of the Era by thanking the General Board for sending it to them the past year. It has been a valuable advocate of truth in the land of the Shamrock.

It is looked for as anxiously by the elders as a letter from home, and we have many friends who look for it as anxiously as the elders do. We have tried

to place it in the Belfast public library, but so far have not been successful, but time will see it there. All things come to them who work and wait."

T. J. Bennett, president of the Belfast Conference.

IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1909.

Joseph F. Smith, j... Heber J. Grant, Business Manager

Edward H. Anderson, i"ors lpha J. Higgs, Assistant

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

Personality of the Holy Ghost Prest. Charles W Penrose 409

The Angel Side. A Poem Selected by Oni D. Stuart 4 13

The Manti Temple. (Illustrated) Lewis Anderson 414

Use Money to Make Men... Edwin Markham 418

Food George D. Kirby 419

A Prayer and its Answer A Poem M.A.Stewart 422

"From India's Coral Strand."(Illustrated) Henry J. Lilley 423

Judge Not. A Poem Harold Goff 434

. 435Herbert Melbourne—VI Edwin F. Parry

"I Can and I Will."A Poem W. H. Apperley, D. M 445

SelfControl-IX. Hurry the Scourge of America... William George Jordan... 446

Only. A Poem Grace Ingles Frost 449

Utah's Holidays S.A.Kenner 4S0

In the Uintahs. (Illustration) David B. Anderson 452

St. Paul's Companions in Rome—VI, Demas Col. R. M. BryceThomas... 453

The Song of Spring. A Poem Lon J. Haddock 455

A Reminiscence of Erastus Snow Geo. H. Crosby, Jr 456

Springtime. Glee. (Illustrated). Music D. E. Phillips

George Marks Evans 458 Nauvoo Todav. (Illustrated) tohn Z. Brown, A.B 468

The Giver of Books Prof. J. Frank Dav 476

The Wagner Monument Lydia D. Alder 481

The Double Agony. A Story Susa Young Gates 4*3

The Resurrection and the Life 488

Editor's Table—Age of the Earth Edward H.Anderson 489

TimeLength of Creation John A. Widtsoe,Ph.D 491

Messages from the Missions 494

Mutual Work—The Snowflake Mutuals—The Annual Conference—New M. I. A. Song Book 467

Priesthood Quorums'Table 498 Events and Comments Edward H. Anderson 501

Entered at the Post Office. Salt Lake City, as SecondClass Matter.

Vol. XII. APRIL, 1909. No. 6

PERSONALITY OF THE HOLY GHOST.*

BY CHARLES W. PENROSE, OF THE QUORUM OF TWELVE APOSTLES,

AND PRESIDENT OF THE EUROPEAN MISSION.

In the midst of the opposition raised against the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, there is occasionally some attempt at argument against a few of its teachings, but even these are usually either burlesques or perversions of its doctrines or a misconception of those principles. The ordinary weapon of anti-

"Mormon"assailants is villification and attacks on personal character. An article, however, which appeared a short time ago in

a,church of Scotland magazine called Life and Work, approaches the subject of "Mormonism"in a fair and rational manner. There

is one paragraph in it that exhibits misunderstanding of a prominent feature of our faith, on which we desire to make some comment. It is this:

Not only is the doctrine of the Trinity set aside in favor of a doctrine of

Duality—the personality of the Holy Spirit being denied in the view that the Holy

Ghost is simply a spiritual essence; or the concomitant will of the Father and the

Son—but the Mormon doctrine of God is in keeping with that materialistic view

of things which is so dominant in their teaching.

The writer has obtained his idea of the ''Mormon"doctrine of Deity from some explanations of the faith which relate to the

* From the Millennial Star, December, 1907.

410 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Father and the Son without entering into the personality of the

Holy Ghost. But if he had investigated more fully he would have

learned that the personality of the Holy Ghost is one of the fundamental conceptions of the Godhead by the Latterday Saints.

The Doctrine and Covenants, which is one of the written standards of the Church, says: ''The Father has a body of flesh and bones

as tangible as man's; the Son also; but the Holy Ghost has not a

body of flesh and bones, but is a personage of spirit,"(Sec. 130:

22.) In the Book of Mormon, an account is given of a revelation

to the Prophet Nephi, who was "caught away in the Spirit of the

Lord into an exceeding high mountain,"and there he conversed with the being who spoke to him, and Nephi says: "I beheld that

he was in the form of a man; yet nevertheless, I knew that it was

the Spirit of the Lord; and he spake unto me as a man speaketh

with another"(I Nephi 11: 11). The Bible, which is also a standard authority in the Church, speaks of the Holy Ghost as a person.

Jesus said to his disciples: ''If I go not away the Comforter will

not come unto you; but if I depart I will send him unto you."

"Howbeit when he, the Spirit of Truth, is come, he will guide you into all truth; for he shall not speak of himself; but whatsoever

he shall hear that shall he speak; and he will show you things to

come"(John 16: 7-13).

These three witnesses from written standards of the Church show conclusively that the personality of the Holy Ghost is an established tenet of the faith. But the existence of a universally

diffused essence is shown in all three of those standards, and it is declared that by that Spirit the personal beings composing the

Holy Trinity are present in all their creations. That Spirit is

divine light and by it is exercised divine power. It ''moved upon

the face of the waters"when the earth was created, and by it

God "garnishes the heavens."It is bestowed as a higher endowment by the power and gift of the Holy Ghost upon repentant believers who have been baptized by Divine authority. It has a

"diversity of operations"as light has a variety of rays. It is

manifested in things physical as well as things spiritual. It is the

spirit of life, and "lighteneth every man that cometh into the world."It "proceedeth forth from the presence of God to fill the

immensity of space."It is the Spirit of the Lord, but the Holy

PERSONALITY OF THE HOLY GHOST. 411

Ghost spoken of above is an individual, as much so as is the Son of God, and as is the Father himself. They are one; not one person or substance, but three distinct individuals acting in perfect

unity by the power, presence and light of the Holy Spirit permeating the entire universe. This is the teaching of the Bible from

beginning to end; it is the doctrine of Deity in the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints.

The common notion concerning the Trinity as set forth in orthodox creeds is an utter impossibility. It is said to be composed

of three persons who are each distinct and yet are "one substance,"and are as such omnipresent, equal and eternal, yet one of them is the Father, another his Son, and another neither the

Father nor the Son, and yet it is affirmed that one is "not before the other nor after the other;"that the whole Deity is "without

body, parts or passions,"and yet that it has three parts, and one of those parts has a body and passions. Then it is declared, "Such

as the Father is, such is the Son and such is the Holy Ghost."To

sum it all up, it is announced that this being is ''immaterial''and "incomprehensible."That is a god of heathen invention and modern "Christian"adoption. It is not the God of Abraham, Isaac

and Jacob, nor of Moses and the prophets, nor of Jesus Christ and his apostles. It springs from the "vain philosophy"of this world,

and to worship it is sheer idolatry.

The writer in Life and Work complains about our "materialistic view of things."We have to object to his immaterialistic view

of things, in which, however, he is not singular as it is generally accepted by the theologians of the period, We regard everything that is substantial as material in a certain sense. "Immaterial

substance"we view as impossible and the term a contradiction of words. Yet we understand a distinct and essential difference between spirit and gross element, which is commonly called matter.

The physical creation is one thing; the spiritual essence by which,

under Divine direction, the elements were organized is of a much more refined and subtle character than anything that is perceived through the senses. If that which is called matter is dissolved

into its primitive atoms, which would be imperceptible to the natural sight and mind, they would not be identical with that more subtle essence, the eternal Spirit, which gives both light and 412 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

life. That which is denominated ''energy"may be immaterial,

but the substance from which it proceeds is and must be material in the sense in which we have explained. Motion is immaterial,

but that which is moved or moves it is substantial. Thought must

not be confused with the thinker, love with the being of whom it is an attribute, gravitation with the object moving by that force.

Theologians are startled with the statement that God is a being with a body, that he is a Spirit clothed upon with flesh and bones;

yet they declare that Christ is God, and they recognize the fact that he has a spiritual body which he declared was of flesh and bones when he appeared to his disciples after his resurrection, and with which he ascended into heaven. He is also declared to be

"the express image of the Father's person,"and that he "sits at the right hand of God."Why should there be any objection to

the idea that the Father is just like the Son, or in other words, the Son is exactly like the Father in all respects, when as much is declared in the published creeds of Christendom? Christ's body,

though composed of flesh and bones, is a spiritual body. It is

tangible, as he demonstrated to his apostles. His saints are to become like him if raised in the first resurrection, for he is to

"change their vile bodies and fashion them like unto his glorious body,"and as John the apostle declared: "Now are we the sons

of God, and it doth not yet appear what we shall be, but we know that when he appears we shall be like him, for we shall see him as he is."We shall not be "immaterial,"but be like him, and if

we were immaterial we could not see him as he is, for that would be an impossibility.

We believe in God the Father, and God the Son, and God the

Holy Ghost, as three distinct personalities, (and in the Holy Spirit proceeding from them all), being one in perfect unity and harmony and power and glory, together constituting Deity, "the Fulness of the Godhead,"to be approached with some degrees of understanding by mortals, and to be fully comprehended by those immortals who shall be raised to everlasting life in its complete condition and exaltation, in the presence and society of the Deity.

The Father and the Son dwell in the heaven of heavens, the Holy

Ghost is their minister on earth; the Divine Spirit which is "in

all things and through all things, and round about all chings, and

PERSONALITY OF THE HOLY GHOST. 413

is the law by which all things are governed,"operates everywhere in the phenomena of nature and in the spiritual sphere, unfolding to those who receive it and walk in its light "the deep things of God."It is bestowed as a gift unto all who are obedient

to the gospel and will be guided by it in their earthly lives, and they will be sanctified by its influence until they are fit to dwell with God eternally in the heavens.

Liverpool, England.

'IHE ANGEL SIDE.

(Selected for the Improvement Era.)

The huge, rough stones from out the Despised, and lone, and trodden down, mines, Dark with the shades of sin,

Unsightly and unfair, Deciphering not those halolights

Have veins of purest metal hid Which God has lit within:

Beneath the surface there. Groping about in endless night,

Few rocks so bare but to their heights Poor, poisoned souls they are

Some tiny mossplant clings; Who guess not what life's meaning is,

And, on the peak so desolate, Nor dream of heaven afar.

The sea bird sits and sings. that some gentle hand of love

Believe me, too, that rugged souls, Their stumbling steps would guide,

Beneath their rudeness hide And show them that, amidst it all,

Much that is beautiful and good,—Life has its angel side

We've all our angel side.

Brutal and mean and dark enough,

In all there is an inner depth,

God knows some natures are;

A faroff, secret way, But he, compassionate, comes near,

Where, through the windows of the

And shall we stand afar?

soul, Our cruse of oil will not grow less

God sends his smiling ray.

If shared with hearty hand;

In every human heart there is A faithful, sounding chord The words of peace and looks of love

Few natures can withstand.That maybe struck, unknown to us,

Love is the mighty conqueror;

By some sweet, loving word.

Love is the beauteous guide;The wayward will in man may try

Love, with her beaming eyes, can see

Its softer thoughts to hide, We've all our angel sideSome unexpected tone reveals,

It has an angel side. Oni D. Stuakt.

Uintah, Utah.

THE MANTI TEMPLE.

BY LEWIS ANDERSON, GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT OF THE MANTI

TEMPLE, AND PRESIDENT OF SOUTH SANPETE STAKE OF ZION.

This magnificent structure is built of native oolite stone, quarried near the site of the building. The Temple is one hundred and

seventytwo feet by ninetyfive feet, and ninetytwo feet to the summit of its walls.

The cutting of the stone for this temple was performed by exceedingly skilful artisans.

They have carried out the designs of the architect perfectly, and the result is a most beautiful building which stands at an elevation of sixtythree feet above the streetgrade of Manti, rendering it the most striking feature of this pretty city.

For years the Manti Temple has stood as a landmark upon this hill, celebrated as the spot upon which the pioneers first pitched their tents. The

Manti Temple—A Front View.

grounds, however, remained in an unfinished state until April 10, 1907, when the Presidency of the Church directed the work of improvement to proceed. Accordingly a force of men were employed in blasting away the rocky

THE MANTI TEMPLE -SHOWING FRONT APPROACH.

Ground was broken for its erection, Monday, April 30, 1877; and on Monday,

April 14, 1879, the corner stones were laid. It was dedicated on Monday, May 21,

1888, "and was the third temple completed in Utah. Cost about $1,000,000.

41(5 IMPROVEMENT ERA

point of the hill, on the south and east of the temple. Teams and

men were also engaged in excavating and hauling away debris. The

original terrace walls, surrounding the temple grounds and built more than twenty years ago, were removed, with the exception of the lower one, which has been lowered one half, and the hill graded to a cone shape.

Several thousand feet of retaining wall have been built, and a splendid approach has been erected on the south of the temple, suitable for both vehicles and pedestrians; and another has been

constructed on the north and west, which affords a splendid grade.

This latter road is especially used for heavily loaded teams.

Thousands of loads of rich soil have been hauled upon and scattered over the once solid bed of stone, thus making a beautiful lawn and flower beds.

A most elaboiate and beautiful stairway has been constructed, twenty feet wide,having retaining walls on either side, with square pillars at each landing fitted for electric lights. In all there are

one hundred and twentyfive steps of twelveinch tread, and sixMl 4fr JX J. tfiPM

j fill vWL*m jj wm

| JV k inti L. fete. w J '-

gyft &CSON frffAFEN?

Photo by Olson and Hafen.

The Manti Temple, Showing the Driveway and Retaining Walls.

THE MANTI TEMPLE. All

inch rise, together with nine landings of six feet each, with the top one eighteen feet, connecting the roadway surrounding the temple. Cement walks surround the entire building, with footways connecting with the county road below. To build these,

otsowmrtN phot

Manti Temple, Showing Lawns.

five thousand four hundred bags of cement were used. Approximately three hundred and fortytwo thousand pounds of cement

and fourteen thousand three hundred and fortyfive pounds of iron, are included in the work, making, including the sand and gravel, a total of two million five hundred thousand pounds of material in the stairway. The stairway was commenced July 9,

and completed November 13, 1907. This work is undoubtedly one

of the greatest of its kind in the United States.

Another long, stone stairway borders the driveway on the east, leading to the rear or east entrance of the building and roadway ccnnecting therewith. This stairway is composed of eighty

steps of twelveinch tread, and sixinch rise; each slate was handtooled before being put into place. This also is a gigantic piece

of work. 418 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

An automatic system of watering the grounds has been installed, in which has been used ninetyone hundred feet of piping, ranging in size from onehalf inch to four inches. There are

two hundred C. B. G. sprinklers being used. The temple owns its

own spring, located one and a quarter miles from the building.

While the general supervision of the work has been under my care, the civil engineering has been principally done by John A.

Hougaard, of the wellknown firm of John A. Hougaard

& Son, civil engineers of Manti. The water system plans were

drawn by R. R. Lyman, civil engineer of the University of Utah;

and A. H. Taylor of the firm of Coulam & Taylor, plumbers, of

Salt Lake City, were instrumental in installing it. Hon. C. P. Larson, of Manti, took charge of the stone and mason work, and

George E. Bench managed the team work. Bishop Arnold G.

Giauque, of Salt Lake City, built the huge cement stairway, and other cement work. Martin Christophersen, the wellknown landscape gardener of Salt Lake City, has made several trips to Manti,

since the work commenced, and undoubtedly to his artistic care may be assigned the final beautification of the grounds. This article would not be complete without mentioning William B. Armstrong, the fencemaker, of Salt Lake City, who made and supervised the erection of the splendid and beautiful iron gates and

fence which adorn the west front and entrance to the driveways.

Manti, Utah.

USE MONEY TO MAKE MEN,

We discover in the world only what we bring to it; the lion

looking into the pool sees a lion, the jackal sees a jackal.

The divine life has in it a beautiful paradox, All spiritual possessions dwindle if we hoard them, increase if we share them.

In the great day of God that is coming, we shall not use men to make money: we shall use money to make men. Edwin

Markham.

FOOD.

BY GEO. D. KIRBY.

The subject of "food"is rather a difficult one for a layman to discuss, but I shall endeavor to bring out the various points in a manner which may be understood by other laymen, and I trust will not receive too severe a criticism from the members of the medical profession to whose attention they may come.

The maxim of Socrates, "know thyself,"is sound advice.

To know what is good for one's self and what is bad, and to cleave unto the good and avoid the bad, in the main, is not difficult. The

trouble is that we don't try it. We deliberately violate the laws

of health and depend upon doctors to keep us well.

Some will say that if we have love in our hearts, thinking kindly of everybody, we will be well. The fact is that people who

are poisoned with malnutrition cannot think well of themselves nor anybody else. The ability to love, as well as the ability to endure,

depends upon the condition of the nerves, and the condition of the nerves depends largely upon the state of the digestion.

As a rule, no parent has any business with any but healthy children, for wholesome food in proper quantities never deranged a stomach. Teeth never decayed through grinding pure and wholesome food, and no child, unless his appetite has been pampered,

will ever crave that which it is necessary to withhold from him.

The parents must refrain from indulging the child's appetite or take the consequence when that same appetite shall lay the child upon a sick bed, or bring him home reeling and staggering to their frantic arms.

The appetite is depraved by poisonous nostrums, cookies, candies, sweetmeats, and the thousand products of human ingenuity 420 IMPROVEMENT. ERA.

which conspire to destroy that pure instinct which God designed as a perfect guide as regards the quantity and quality of our food.

"To dust thou shalt return,"after death, but the ill man becomes partially dust while he is alive. The salts in impure water, the

ashes from indigested starch foods, clog the kidneys, irritate the nerves and stiffen the joints. Dr. Lahrman of Dresden says that

all chronic diseases are from an impure or obstructed blood supply, originating in many cases from overeating; that we do not need

more blood, but better blood, and that if we avoid meats and starches and the acids from these, we will find that the blood will purify itself. The coffee, meat and pancake breakfast is a

habit with most people. People who have heartburn, bad breath,

colds, throbbing at the stomach, pain in the side, headache, are almost all our meatbreakfast friends—there are few exceptions.

These pleasant (?) symptoms are the result of food poisoning. The

person has deposited in his stomach such a fine assortment of indigestibles, that nature pauses in perplexity. Fermentation follows, and the individual becomes but an animated garbage can.

The simple cereal and cream habit means increased length of days.

An enlightened people who prize health should make it a rule to eat at least one meal a day without meat, and two would be better.

Furthermore, it has been demonstrated that flesheating creates a thirst for alcoholic beverages and an appetite for tobacco. A

good illustration of the value of cereals as food is shown in the fact that the Japanese on a rice diet and plenty of fresh air, defeated the Russians who over ate and took little exercise.

Most of our ills come from overeating, and to overeat is much more common than to overdrink. Diogenes, in his wanderings, once met a young man dressed up in gay attire. The philosopher asked him whither he was going and the youth replied that

he was going to a feast. Diogenes promptly took him home and

ordered his parents to lock him up until his sanity returned. The

philosopher may have been a trifle eccentric, but he knew that feasting spelled disease, disintegration and death. In a land like

ours, where plenty waits upon the people and hunger sits afar off, it is not strange that there is a tendency to overeating. While

food is needed to build up every organ and keep the body in the best condition the wise person will guard against the sin of glutFOOD. 421

tony, depraving the appetite, overloading the stomach and overworking the delicate digestive organs, and laying the foundations of disease. Stimulants and condiments are resorted to when digestion has been enfeebled by rich food, tempting flavors, and irregular meals. These excite the appetite and the unwilling organs

are burdened with unmanageable material. The stomach is overloaded and at last wears out, causing pain, discomfort and indigestion. The latter often results from the use of intoxicants; and so

the victims of overeating are found on all sides suffering the penalties of violated laws.

Alcohol is perhaps more active than any other agent in producing human degeneracy, and is one of the most direct and potent causes of criminality and insanity. The children of drunkards are very liable to be epileptic and idiotic, as well as criminal.

The children of alcohol drinking parents, when young, do not appear different from other children, but as they grow older their criminal instincts begin to manifest themselves. Careful investigations have shown that there is an intimate relation between diet

and alcoholism; especially that tea, coffee and condiments lead to

the use of alcohol. The drinking of beer does not give strength

for work, but on the other hand tends to make people dull, heavy, stupid and unfit for hard manual or mental labor. The constant

use of beer every day gives the system no real recuperation, but steadily lowers the vital forces. One of the worst features of the

poisonous characteristics of alcohol is its power, even in small quantities, to create a craving for itself that becomes irresistible.

Alcohol does not act as a food; it cuts short the life of rapidly

growing cells, and is not in the narrowest sense a food generating material.

The use of tobacco, either in smoking or chewing, causes the glands of the mouth to secrete an unnatural amount of saliva; this

weakens the glands and causes dryness of the throat. One of the

more common effects of absorption of tobacco is to impair the appetite and weaken digestion. Cigarettes are the worst possible

form in which it can be used.

In the matter of exercise we are advised to breath deeply in the open air with the mouth closed and to exercise at least an hour each day in the open air. Severe exercise is not good, just

.;

422 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

after a full meal, for the reason that the blood which is needed to help the stomach is irawn to the organs undergoing the exercise.

It will be a wise plan for us to be guided by the Word of

Wisdom in the matter of food, and to make this decision: "I am a

royal soul, and my body is its garment, I refuse to wear a soiled or torn garment."

Sugar City, Idaho

A PRAYER AND ITS ANSWER.

(For the Improvement Era.)

Alwise and gracious Father, But what I ask, dear Father,

Once more, in Jesus'name, Is strength to be a man,

I ask thee to forgive me That I may know his power

And take away my shame. And thwart his cunning plan.

How often have I promised x- * * *

To put my sins away; "Oh son,"the Spirit whispers,

Yet, kind and loving Father, "Thy pray'r hath not been vain;

I've sinned again today. Now listen to thine answer,

For I will make it plain:

My heart is filled with sorrovv; The power that thou desirest

My life is stained with sin;. And more, when understood.

Is there no hope to cheer me, Hath been bestowed upon thee;

That some day I may win? 'Tis found in thy priesthood.

Or is my fate uncertain With no assurance giv'n, ''Thou must not treat it lightly;

That I may conquer Satan, For thus it grieveth me,

And gain a crown in heav'n? That Satan and his angels

Should bind and fetter thee;

Sometimes, kind, loving Parent, And so become thy masters,

When hope and faith are strong, While thou art but a slave;

I fight life's battles bravely Although the priesthood's with thee,

And sing the victor's song; Thou hast no pow'r to save.

At other times, Father, I fail to comprehend, "But great shall be thy kingdom,

Until the arch deceiver In realms thy God shall name,

Accomplishes his end. Exalting thee to glory,

From whence the spirit came;

I do not ask thee. Father, If thou wilt bear thy priesthood,

To stay the tempter's hand; In honor to my Son!

For I would be no weakling, To thee shall be the vict'ry,

Afraid to meet his band When this life's race is run."

Mesa, Arizona. M. A. Stewart

FROM INDIA'S CORAL STRAND."

BY HENRY J. LILLEY.

[For a number of years the author has been a reader of the Era. When his

subscription for volume 12 was received, last October, he was requested to seDd a short description of the M. I. A. work in India. He states that in Karachi

there is no Mutual Improvement Association, so in reply to the request, dated

December 17, 1908, he concluded to give a brief account of the establishment of the Karachi branch. His simple narrative, in which he expresses best wishes

for Zion and her people, carries one back to the days of the early 50's, when missionaries were sent from Utah with the gospel message to many nations, including faraway India. It demonstrates, also, that in the gospel seed there is

wonderful vitality, and that once planted, it may grow and bear fruit many decades after, even if poorly tended and left to grow in fields untilled. We are

indebted to Elder A. Milton Musser for the illustrations. Editors.]

Karachi is the British capital of the province of Sind. Prior

to the annexation of Sind by the British, in 1843, Hydrabad, a hundred odd miles inland from Karachi, was the capital under native rule. In the 50's a batch of missionaries came from Zion,

two of whom visited Sind, namely, Elders A. Milton Musser, and

Truman Leonard. What a simple sentence this is to write, but

how much it signifies! Think of the zeal of the Church, hardly a

quarter of a century after its establishment, and hardly a decade since it was deported and mercilessly driven a thousand miles into the heart of a barren desert, sending the gospel to this corner of the world, tens of thousands of miles away! Think of the zeal of

the missionaries who were ready to carry it so far, at such a time, without purse or scrip! The magnitude of their task can be dimly

appreciated when we consider that at the present time, with all the wonderful improvements made in steamboat and railway, a letter takes fully a month to travel between Salt Lake City and

Karachi, and a Saint intending to gather from the latter place to

COo05

s.

<iQ P3

J EmO

E-"C/2 <X> a

P 1-5 -a fa Cmo o pi ao tao

m 3o

"FROM INDIA'S CORAL STRAND."425

Zion can hardly do it cheaper than two hundred dolors. Think

also, in the light of events which have since happened, of the wonderful providence of the Lord in preserving the seed scattered by them, and bringing it to fruition in the establishment of the Karachi branch fifty years later!

I do not know how far Elders Musser and Leonard traveled.

The former, who still survives in Zion, and takes an active interest in the branch, can that tale unfold. But certain it is that

Elder Leonard went to Hydrabad and Elder Musser labored in

Karachi. In Hydrabad Elder Leonard gave some literature to a

Mr. Robert Marshall, then a young man, by whom he was accommodated. Amongst this literature was the now well known revelation by the Prophet Joseph Smith, on the Civil War. Mark,

this was in 1856 or '57, and the revelation was contained in a time in the 40's—namely, thebook published oven earlier,—some

first edition of the Pearl of Great Price, published in Liverpool.

Other books were the Journal of Discourses, volume!., and some

volumes of the Millennial Star. These books were read and laid

EXPRESS MARKET, KARACHI, INDIA.

42(5 IMPR VEMENT ERA.

aside by Mr. Marshall, who did not at the time heed the gospel

message. But the actual occurrence of the American Civil War,

a decade later, reattracted his attention to the books, and a reperusal of them brought him a testimony that Joseph Smith was a true prophet, and the gospel he preached was the true gospel restored. From that time on he was at heart a "Mormon,"

and was known locally by that epithet, though the elders were now far away, and there was no one to initiate him into the fold of the Church.

The books now formed the most valued subject of his reading, and took a part in the family prayers, especially the Journal of Discourses. It was not to be wondered at, therefore, that some

of his sons and daughters were also converted to the truth of the gospel. They were now, in Karachi, and remained in this state for

of unbaptized "Mormons,"treasuring andyears—a household

preserving the little leaven of the gospel left in this land so

L.D.Sints Cha.pel butt by A. Mllf...i. MtlSS<

L. D. S. Chapel built by A. Milton Musser at Karachi, India, 1855.

many years previously; thus truly does God move in a mysterious

way his wonders to perform! It never seems to have occurred to

them to communicate with the body of the Church until some time in the 80's when they wrote to the European mission, Liverpool, and received a reply from Elder Albert Carrington, who was at that time the president, after which followed another long period "FROM INDIA'S CORAL STRAND."427

of quiescence. Had they made themselves known, it would have

perhaps resulted in the benefit of themselves as well as of others, for during the long period that elapsed since their hearts inclined to the gospel message, missionaries from Zion came to labor in this one occasion, if I mistake not. How happyland—on more than

A STREET SCENE, CALCUTTA.

The native quarters are for the most part squalid and dirty; but in recent years

great efforts have been made to improve their sanitary condition.

should this family have been to have had an earlier opportunity of converting their faith into works, and entering the Church by the prescribed door! How happy would the missionaries have been to

have found a household of faith like an oasis in this gospelbarren land! But the hunters and fishers came and went, perhaps weary

and heartheavy from want of success, while here in sleepy Sind, the quarry, readymade, did not even hear the noise of the hunt.

All the same, the gospel leaven was fermenting. The literature

was lent out to those who were not afraid, or not unwilling to read it, for thanks to calumny everything "Mormon"is a bugbear to many uninitiated persons, while anything religious is "taboo"with many others.

The writer was one of those who read and was personally conTHE GOSAIN TEMPLE, BENARES.

One of the 1,500 temples that are said to exist in this city.

"FROM INDIA'S CORAh STRAND."429

vinced of the truth even against his will. In conversations and

friendly discussions, also, the truth must on many an occasion have joined issue with and overcome error.

Nearly naif a century had passed since Elders Musser and

Leonard had come to Sind sowing the seed, the gradual growth and development of some of which I have feebly tried to trace above. Mr. Robert Marshall, who had left well behind him the

Psalmist's state of three score years and ten, and who had lost the use of his eyes, longed for baptism before crossing the great intensified by a certain dreamdivide—a longing which was perhaps

with which he was visited, and which he still delights to rehearse.

One of his sons consequently addressed again the European mission, in 1903, with the result that President Francis M. Lyman

ininformed him that there was an elder—Elder John H. Cooper—

India. The sequel was that Ellder Cooper, who was located in

Calcutta, the other side of India, eighteen hundred miles from

Karachi, just preparing to sail forZion, was invited to "come over to Macedonia and help us."Elder Cooper came to Karachi and

in a short time baptized thirteen persons, eight males and five females, all adults, six of whom he ordained elders, and established the Karachi branch. Out of these thirteen persons, six

belonged to Mr. Marshall's household, and some of the others had

heard the gospel first through that source; so that the branch was

virtually the growth of the seed sown half a century previously.

Thus in the establishment of the Karachi branch was once again the experience repeated of Paul sowing, Apollos watering, and

God giving the increase.

Elder Cooper did not stop long in Karachi. He arrived on

the 26th of June, 1903, the first baptisms were performed in the first week of July, the branch was organized with six male and three female members on 16th August, and on September 24th

Elder Cooper left for Bombay en route for Zion, via Liverpool.

Since then, though we have anxiously prayed and longed for some, this land has not been visited by any missionaries. Thus it will be

observed that though it is true we could never have heard the gospel except the preachers were sent, yet the word of God has established itself in this land by its own inherent merit; or, in

other words, by the influence of the Holy Spirit, rather than by i:H) IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the cooperation of man, which perhaps is only typical of the great Latterday work as a whole, even in lands where missionaries abound—this work is not of man, but of God. To repeat,

the Latterday work has not made much headway here, it is remarkable that the gospel light has been burning,"dimly, if you will, in Sind for over fifty years, during which period, no one clothed with authority to administer the ordinances visited the province save one solitary elder for the short space of three months.

This is perhaps a good reason why we have no M. I. A. work

here. There has been no one acquainted with the working methods

of Zion to put us in the way, and take the initiative.

But it must not be imagined that the local members have been altogether inactive. They are all more or less educated, and the

branch has got together a good library of Church works for the mutual improvement of the members, some of whom have acquired a good knowledge of the principles, the history, and other matters pertaining to the Church. They have distributed a number of

tracts and leaflets, and lent out books whenever occasion offered.

THE NEW PALACE 0? H. H. THE GAIKWAR OF BARODA.

Built in the IndoSaracenic style of architecture.

1 '431 "FROM INDIA'S CORAL STRAND.

For quite a long period after Elder Cooper left, they maintained meetings twice a week in the pattern set; and up to date the

sacrament meeting on Sundays continues, though only three or four members are now resident in Karachi. Misrepresentations in

newspapers have been refuted, and, in short, members have individually tried to spread the truth as they understand it. Lately,

at the expense of the branch, the following advertisement has been inserted in the principal English newspapers, from three to six insertions in each:

THE BOOK OF MORMON.

An inspired history of ancient America, the complement of the Bible: that is,

the stick of Ephraim added to the stick of Judah, {vide Ezekiel 37, 16 et seq.)

Price, cloth bound, Rs. 2. A few copies obtainable from

Henry J. Lilley,

Gharikhata, Karachi.

So far, the advertisement has appeared in the Pioneer (published at Allahabad) the Statesman, (Calcutta) the Times of India, (Bombay) and the Madras Mail, (Madras), and we propose to follow up with the Civil and Military Gazette (Lahore) and the local paper, the Sind Gazette, so that the Book of Mormon has been offered practically to the whole of the English speaking population of India. The outcome has not been very encouraging. We have

so far received only seven or eight orders for the book. To each

of those who purchased it was sent Elder George Teasdale's tract,

The Restoration of the Holy Gospel—which we deemed was an appropriate preface for outsiders, and the following letter from the

writer In compliance with your letter of...1 have very much pleasure in

sending you per value payable post a copy of the Book of Mormon. Should its

perusal interest you in the gospel, and Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints (popularly known as "Mormonism"and "Mormon"Church), and should you desire to have more information on any particular points, I would be most happy to assist you to the best of my ability. In the meantime I take the liberty

of attracting your attention specially to the promise contained in Moroni X.

4 and 5, (page 621) and remain,

Yours truly, Henry Lilley.

But we have not heard again from any of them.

432 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

As regards the actual exercise of the powers of the priesthood after Elder Cooper's departure, the local elders performed one baptism, ordained one teacher, blessed a number of children, and anointed with oil a number who were sick.

There remains only a word as regards the present condition of the branch. Though I use the designation "branch,"I am

afraid I do so merely by force of habit and courtesy, for the original organization has been disorganized by death and departures from the station, and there only remain in Karachi at present

President Marshall and one son, and myself and wife of the adult membership of the Church. The other members have been scattered far and wide throughout India, some have fallen away, and

one has fallen asleep. In fact,any on2 who has closely followed the

career of the branch from its establishment, and also is personally acquainted with all its individual members, can, without presuming to sit in judgment on his fellowmen, easily make a local application of the Savior's beautiful parable of the Sower. He can see

some of the seed fallen by the wayside devoured by the fowls of

NANDI, THE SACRED BULL OF SHIVA

Hewn out of a huge rock, situated or a low hill near the city Mysore, "FROM INDIA'S CORAL STRAND."433

the air, he can see where it fell amongst the thorns and was chocked; and where it fell on stony ground where there was not

much depth of earth, and sprang up but to wither away; and

when he is inclined to be discouraged and disheartened, he can also see reason to hope that some of it has fallen on good ground and will bring forth fruit, some a hundredfold, some sixtyfold, some thirtyfold. He is inclined to hope

that though the Karachi branch has not given much tangible evidence of growing and putting forth blossoms and fruit, yet, in the same mysterious way in which, during the past half century the work of God was silently and invisibly spreading in this province, to suddenly burst forth in a branch in due time, so the effect of its existence will as surely, if as unseen, tend toward the preparation of this field for some kind of harvest, when in future Trinity Church, Karachi, India.

years the Church finds it possible to send laborers to this part of the vineyard, to work it as systematically as other parts are worked. Of course, you know

that the natives of India are not of the negroid races; they are

principally of Aryan stock; while the Europeans in India are

chiefly from Great Britain, so that amongst them, as well as amongst their mixed descendants—the Europeans—there are probably many of the seed of Israel ready to hear the voice of the

Shepherd when it reaches them.

I will now draw to a close. If my narrative has created in

your mind an interest in the members of the Karachi branch, I 434 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

may mention that you will perhaps be able to see a photograph of the charter members of the branch, together with Elder Cooper and three children, with Elder A. Milton Musser, or Elder John H.

Cooper, or President Francis M. Lyman, or the president of the

Church, President Joseph F. Smith, all living in your city, I believe, if they have preserved the copies sent to them; some members were baptized after the branch was organized and after the

photograph was taken, who are, of course, not included.

The general news of this country you must be getting from the newspapers. The judgments of God seem to be heavy on it.

Famine seems to have become chronic in some part or other of it.

Plague is a yearly visitant in many parts; cholera, small pox and

other epidemics are frequent, while malaria slays its hundreds of thousand 3 yearly. Between European and native there is no love

lost, and among a large section of the latter great discontent prevails, which has indeed culminated in anarchy in Bengal.

Nevertheless, it is a good land to live in, and not half as black as it is generally painted.

Gharikhata, Karachi, India.

"JUDGE NOT".

(For the Improvement Era.)

"Judge not,"the gentle Master said,

And heaven's glory round him spread;

''Forgive,"he cried, and on his face

Fell full the holy light of grace;

"Let him who sins not, cast a stone."

The vengeful left their prey alone;

"Go sin no more, I don't condemn,"

Oh, blessed words! God prompted them.

How then shall we, so frail and weak,

Against our kin the judgment speak,

When he reached out his hand to bless

The sinner in his wickedness?

Keep back the curse, let mercy in,

For mercy is to justice twin;

And God will smile on him alone

Who stoops to help an erring one,

New York, N. Y. Harold Goff.

HERBERT MELBOURNE.

BY EDWIN F. PARRY.

VI.

In due time Herbert Melbourne and his fellowmissionaries landed in Liverpool, England. Herbert received his appointment

to labor in the Sheffield conference. He at once took train for his

destination.

The day after his arrival at the headquarters of the conference, he had the opportunity of meeting all the missionaries of the district, as they were assembled for their monthly priesthood meeting. On hearing the verbal reports of their labors and associating with them, he discovered that there were some bright,

intelligent young men among them, especially so were some who had been there a year or two. Having had a good deal of experience in outdoor meetings, they were fluent speakers, and were

well posted on the scriptures. Although he was a college graduate and perhaps the only one among the elders of that conference

he felt that he was among his superiors.

It was fortunate he arrived at such an opportune time, when he could meet with so many of those with whom he was expected to labor. They were all strangers to him, but he

felt as much at home with them as among his old associates. Their

enthusiasm was an inspiration to him,and he was seized with a longing to be able to speak as they did. But there was much for him to

learn. True, he had studied some during the past year or more,

—ever since he had begun to take interest in the subject of religion, though his studies were not very systematic. Then he was

not entirely free from his skeptical views. Questions were

43G IMPROVEMENT ERA.

frequently springing up in his mind which he was not yet able to answer to his own satisfaction. He had received considerable enlightenment, however, upon spiritual matters, and he had resolved

in his mind to continue the investigation, first for his own satisfaction, and then he would be enabled to testify to others.

Owing to the uncertainties which he felt were in his mind, he suggested to the conference president that he be permitted to stay in and study for a few weeks before entering upon active missionary work. But his president's experience taught him to

think differently, and he explained to Herbert that a better plan would be to start at once to work. By going out "tracting,"

and by holding meetings,he would come in contact with people who would propound questions to him that would require study to answer satisfactorily. This experience would be an incentive to study.

Besides, in his public speaking he could tell of what he did know, even if his testimony of the gospel was not yet so strong as that borne by some of his companions. He knew of the good character and the sincerity of the people whom he represented. He

knew that the teachings of his parents and of the authorities of his

Church were pure and elevating, and that if followed would make mankind better. This much he did know and could testify to

honestly; and by working as well as studying, further knowledge

would be gained.

Herbert was assigned to labor in a small town with an elder who had been in the mission over a year, and where there was a small branch of the Church. He was faithful and diligent in

attending to the duties of a missionary, as far as he understood them. Each day he went out "tracting,"as did his companion,

and in the evening either visited friends and investigators in company with his fellowlaborer, or helped him hold outdoor meetings.

What spare time he had he devoted to the study of the scriptures and the history of the latterday gospel. He had with

him a history of the Prophet Joseph Smith, which he was reading carefully, in connection with the story of the gospel as contained in the New Testament. After continuing this course of study for

a few weeks, he remarked to his companion, "Elder Davis, it appears to me that this history of Joseph

HERBERT MELBOURNE. 437

Smith would be a splendid book to loan to investigators those who are interested sufficiently to read such a volume. I

that partmust admit it has impressed me very deeply—especially

given in the language of the prophet himself. His sincerity cannot be doubted after reading his history."

"0 yes, Brother Melbourne, I fully agree with what you say.

I have loaned three copies of the History, and I believe the parties who have them are reading them. I have not seen them for some

time, though."

"Another thing I have especially noted, in reading of the coming forth of the gospel in the latterday, is the similarity of its reception to that of the formerday gospel. In the

days of the Savior and his apostles, the lowly and the humble were the ones who accepted their teachings, while the haughty and proud ignored it, and the teachers of religion persecuted those who accepted it. These same teachings have received the same

kind of reception in this age. I have only mentioned these few

points of similarity between the formerday and the latterday gospel,but I have observed that they are similar in every detail, and this leads me to believe that if the one be true, the other must be.

I am willing to admit that I have received a good deal of enlightenment from my studies and my conversations with you during the past few weeks. It appears to me now that my unbelief

was nothing short of stupidity. Your favorite quotation, 'He

that judgeth a matter before he heareth it is not wise,'is true, if not exactly scriptural. I have been unwise in asserting my

disbelief in religion when I knew nothing about it, I should have known better."

"You are not the only one who has been hasty in proclaiming yourself an unbeliever. I believe all skeptics and socalled infidels

have so declared themselves without sufficient investigation.

They are either illinformed, or not at all informed as to what religion is. I do not believe an intelligent person can study our

religion thoroughly and honestly without discovering that it is the truth. You speak of the impression made upon your mind by

reading the history of Joseph Smith. Let me ask, what is your

impression of the Book of Mormon, which the prophet was instrumental in bringing to light?"

.438 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

"To tell the truth, Brother Davis, answered Herbert, I have never read it."

"What! Never read the Book of Mormon?"

"No, never. I have picked it up several times, and read a

little here and there, but never completed it—never completely

read a book in it."

"And did you ever read the Bible before you were called upon a mission?"

"I read considerable of it when a boy. And in Sunday school

we studied it some,when I was young. But I quit going to Sunday

school when I was sixteen, and never read much of it from that time till recently."

"Well, it's easy to understand how you became skeptical.

But I want to read to you a passage from the Book of Mormon, and then I want you to read the book from beginning to end. It

will help to qualify you for your labors as a messenger of salvation. Indeed, I do not know how you can become a good missionary

without a knowledge of the Book of Mormon. The passage I shall

read is found in the tenth chapter of Moroni, beginning at the fourth verse:

"And when ye shall receive these things, I would exhort you that ye would ask God, the eternal Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, if these things are not true; and if ye shall ask with a sincere heart, with real intent, having faith in

Christ, he will manifest the truth of it unto you, by the power of the Holy

Ghost; "And by the power of the Holy Ghost ye may know the truth of all things.

"If you will read this book with the desire to know of its truth, I am satisfied the knowledge will be given you. If you receive a testimony that the book is true, you will also know that

Joseph Smith was a prophet, for no man could bring forth such a work unless he was inspired of the Lord. You will find in it a

thousand evidences of its authenticity and divinity,""I certainly must read the work. I should have done so long

ago. There is no excuse for a man coming out here to preach the

'gospel without knowing of its truth. But I am learning gradually,

and if I do no one else any good, I will be benefited myself by my coming."

And so Herbert's faith became strengthened day by day, as

HERBERT MELBOURNE. 439

he performed his labors. He not only gained knowledge through

study of the Church works, but also through his experience and observation. The promises of the scripture were fulfiled in his

own experiences. He enjoyed the fruits of the Spirit, and witnessed the exercise of many of the gifts of the gospel. By the

power of the Holy Ghost, his mind was enlightened, and he was led to see the truth and force of the scriptures, in his studies, and when hi addressed the people, the same power brought things to his remembrance, and he was led to utter truths that were even new to himself.

But this was not all. He found that his words of testimony

brought conviction to his hearers. On one ocasion he was preaching on the streets to a small group who had gathered to listen to

his remarks. After the close of the meeting,and as he was leaving the place, a man and his wife stepped up to him and the man

said, "Your words have pricked my heart, and I want to know what I shall do."

This declaration reminded him of Peter's preaching on the day of Pentecost, when the people being "pricked in their hearts cried out, 'Men and brethren, what shall we do?'"True, it was

only one man that appealed to him on this occasion, but there is no telling how many others present at the meeting were similarly impressed.

In distributing tracts from door to door he enjoyed the gifts of the Spirit. Upon many occasions he was directed by it to go

to certain places, and by obeying the promptings, he found people who were looking for the truth, and who were prepared to receive his message. At one time he was impressed to call at a certain

house, and when he entered, the lady, although an entire stranger, recognized him, stating that she had seen him in a dream which had deeply impressed her, insomuch that she had been led to pray to the Lord to send some one who could tell her the true way of salvation, which she had been earnestly seeking for a long time.

By this same Spirit he had been forewarned of attempts of evildisposed persons to entrap him and to harm him. Several

times he witnessed miraculous healings and other signs that follow the believers. But what gave him more satisfaction and assur440 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ance than all these outward manifestations, was the possession of the Holy Spirit which appealed to his inward soul and assured him that he was in the actual service of his Maker. He recalled

a remark made by his companion, Elder Davis, when he first came to labor with him. The statement was something like this, and

was in a testimony meeting of the Saints of the branch: "My

brethren and sisters, I am satisfied that the gospel is true, and that, as the Apostle Paul says, it is the 'power of God unto salvation.'I know this through the testimony of the Holy Spirit.

* * I, perhaps, have never told this little congregation before that in my own experience I have witnessed one of the most remarkable instances of the healing and preserving power of the Lord. I once met with a very severe accident.

From all human appearances it was unquestionably fatal. Two

doctors examined me and were agreed that it was impossible for me to live twelve hours, and none of my friends had any hope that I would live except through divine interposition. Some of

them hal faith, and I had a strong desire to live. I was anointed

with holy oil and prayed for, and almost immediately I began to amend, and in a remarkably short time I was entirely healed.

Now, I feel assured that this was through the blessing of the Lord, bestowed especially upon me at this time. To me it

his always appeared a most remarkable miracle, but let me tell you, that that miracle does not give me so much assurance that I am engaged in the work of the Lord, as does the sweet, peaceful innuenc3 of the Spirit which I enjoy from day to day, and which almost constantly tells me that the gospel is true."

When Herbert first heard this testimony from the lips of

Elder Davis, he wondered if it could be possible that a man could receive a greater testimony to the truth of the gospel than that gained through witnessing a miracle as that miracle—such a

experienced by his companion. But now he could fully believe the

remarks of Elder Davis, for he had received that greater evidence himself. He, too, had observed cases of remarkable healing; he

had heard prophecies uttered and noted their fulfilment; he had

heard the gift of tongues and the interpretation of tongues. But

there was one little experience in his missionary career which gave him more satisfaction and comfort than even these gifts, and

HERBERT MELBOURNE. 441

yet there was nothing that seemed miraculous about the experience. He could tell nothing about it that would convey to others

an idea thit there was anything remarkable in the experience, unless it was told to those who had enjoyed similar outpourings of the Spirit. The circumstance referred to was that of a priesthood meeting held by the elders of the conference in which he

labored. The meeting was conducted in the usual manner. It

was opened by singing and prayer, and then the elders in turn were called upon to report their labors during the past monthThe president followed by reporting his own labors, adding words of advice and encouragement. No extraordinary progress was

reported; no wonderful experiences were related; there was no

visible, outward manifestation—nothing that can be described as

marvelous; yet the spirit enjoyed upon that occasion was most

remarkable to those who felt it, and all seemed to feel it to a great degree. Great love for each other was manifest and expressed; everyone was encouraged and felt like going forth with

renewed energy and faith, some even shed tears of joy, and all were more or less softened in their feelings; confessions of neglect

of duty or weakness were freely made; and no elder left that

meeting who was not affected by the divine influence that pervaded the place.

Not only upon this occasian did Herbert enjoy this feeling, but it was with him more or less every day. It assured him constantly that he was in the service of the Lord, and that his labors

and his life were acceptable unto him. It was with him when he

preached in the halls or on the streets. It banished from his

mind all doubts regarding the principles of the gospel; and the

fact that Joseph Smith was almighty prophet was borne in upon his soul, and the desire he possessed to testify of the gospel was irresistible. He felt that he could not do enough for the cause.

"Do you know, I was at one time skeptical about religion,"remarked Elder Melbourne one day to his room mate, Elder Davis.

"I could hardly believe there was a Supreme Being. Now I

wonder how I could have been so blind. Everything I observe or

read now seems to give evidence of the truth of the gospel of

Christ as taught by the Latter day Saints. It is all wonderful to

me. You have noticed that directly opposite the front window of

442 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

our room—on the hillsido facing us, is a coal mine, where many

men are employed?"

"Yes, I have been over there. Some of our members work

in the mine."

''Well, I was talking the other day with Brother Brown. He

works there. He told me how he became connected with the gospel. A few years ago an elder who labored in this conference

went over to the mine with one of the local brethren. He was

permitted to go into the mine, and down there he was introduced to several of the miners and had a conversation with them. He

also handed to them some tracts which he had with him. The

result was one of them at least was led in this manner into the fold of Christ, and that one was Brother Brown. By the way, he

expects to emigrate with his family to Utah next month."

"So I have heard. But do you know there are scores of

miners who have labored in this very place who have joined our

Church, and many are in Utah today."

"What impressed me is this: It is a striking fulfilment of

the prediction of Jeremiah concerning the gathering of Israel in the last days. Let me read to you the passage I refer to—no

doubt you are familiar with it. It is in the sixteenth chapter:

"Behold, I will send for many fishers, saith the Lord, and they shall fish them; and after will I send for many hunters, and they shall hunt them from every

mountain, and from every hill, and out of the holes of the rocks."

"It seems to me that prophecy is here literally fulfiled—'and

they shall hunt them from every mountain, and from every hill, prediction be more comand out of the holes of the rocks,'—can any

pletely fulfiled?"

"Many other predictions of the ancient prophets concerning the gathering of Israel are also fulfiled in the preaching of this gospel,"added Elder Davis. "One of our brethren here, remarked

to me not long since that he and his sister were the only ones of his family who had embraced the gospel, and as his sister lived in another place the prophecy concerning the Lord taking 'one of a city and two of a family,'and bringing them to Zion was exactly verified in their case, for they were then ready to take their departure to the 'mountain of the house of the Lord,'that they

HERBERT MELBOURNE. 443

might be taught in his ways and 'walk in his paths/ in fulfilment of another prediction of scripture."

A little unpleasant experience which Elder Melbourne passed through convinced him that the Savior's words to his former disciples were still true, "If they have persecuted me, they will also persecute you."He could hardly believe that men in this enlightened age would persecute their fellowmen for their religious

views. But he was rudely convinced of the fact, when upon one

occasion while holding a meeting on the street he was mobbed and driven away by violence. And this treatment was not received

from infidels or heathens, but from professed religionists, who were incited to thus mistreat him by a preacher of religion! This

again helped to confirm him in his growing belief, for he realized, as he had never done so fully before, the Savior's promise:

"Blessed are ye when men shall revile you, and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake. * * * For so persecuted they the prophets which were

before you."

Another incident that transpired some months later, served to impress him with other sayings of Christ, such as the following:

"Think not that I am come to send peace on earth: I come not to send peace,

but a sword.

"For I am come to set a man at variance against his father, and the daughter against her mother and the daughterin-law against the motherin-law.

"And a man's foes shall be they of his own household."

"And ye shall be betrayed both by parents and brethren, and kinsfolks andfriends."*****

There was a young lady who became converted to the gospel, and like many others, had to endure much persecution from her father, who was not a member of the Church, but was a bitter opponent of the work. At times he became so enraged that he

would strike his daughter, and otherwise illtreat her, and for no other reason than that she was a "Mormon."She waited until

she was of age before being baptized, and was a faithful and obedient daughter, regarding her parents'wishes in everything else but this one. But life became so unpleasant to her that she was

compelled to leave home; yet her father was not satisfied. He

1 1 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

followed her to her lodging place and sought to inflict bodily punishment upon her. Then she went to live with a family, the

head of whom was a man who forbade the young lady's parent coming near his house. The cowardly father was afraid of this

man, and kept away from him. But his bitterness continued. A

conference of the Saints was to be held. His daughter would

likely attend, and on her way from the meeting he would seek an opportunity to catch her alone and give her another beating. He

waited until the close of the meeting, and watched by the door of the meetinghouse for his daughter's appearance. She was on her

guard, however, and walked away between two young lady friends.

When he discovered her he followed. It was a long distance

between the meeting hall and the place where the daughter was staying, and part of the way was through a lonely district.

Instead of attempting to go directly home the ladies kept on the principal streets, as much as possible, going round about in a circuitous course, hoping the enraged man would lose them in the crowd. But he continued the chase, until Elder Melbourne, being

notified of the man's intention, overtook him and followed him, or rather walked side by side with him. After satisfying himself that

the man was following the ladies, turning every time they turned,

Elder Melbourne asked, "What do you mean by following those ladies?''

The man made no reply.

''I demand to know why you are following those ladies?"repeated Melbourne in more severe tones.

"None of your business!"was the blunt answer.

"But I shall make it my business to stay with you;"said the

elder, and he continued by his side.

Presently the two men overtook the three women, and followed at their heels. They were now in a crowded part of the

street, and of course the father made no attempt on the daughter. The women made their way through the crowd, and

soon they were on a street where but few people were to be seen. Now, the man thought, was his opportunity. He raised

the heavy cane, which he carried, in an attempt to strike his daughter, who was directly in front of him, and easily within his reach. In an instant Elder Melbourne seized the cane, and just an

HERBERT. MELBOURNE. 445

instant later a young man, a member of the local branch, who knew the character of the man, and who had just overtaken him from the rear, grasped the desperate man bodily and threw him to the ground. He held him there till a policeman came. An

explanation of what happened was made to the officer, and the man was allowed to go. In the meantime the women were far

enough away to be safe, and this time the brutal father was baffled in his wicked attempt to beat, and perhaps kill, his own loving daughter.

Salt Lake City, Utah. [to be continued.]

I CAN AND I WILL.

I can and I will is the song of my soul

I ride on the waves where the dark waters roll.

No dangers can daunt me, I welcome the blast;

The warguns are booming, no quarter I ask.

My heart is of oak, my ribs are of steel;

A strength in the depths of my being I feel,

That surges and urges me on in the fight,

In the battle of life for the good and the right.

I can and I will is the birthright I claim;

My soul is unfettered, this truth I proclaim.

join me, my brothers, speak the great word,

And break all your shackles, be free as a bird!

1 can and I will my lifework complete,

Though briers and thorns grow under my feet.

The pathway of roses is not for the brave;

The coward may walk it direct to his grave.

I can and I will is the cure for blues.

try it and prove it, and spread the good news.

Let the magical words leap warm from the heart,

Then laugh as you see all your sorrows depart.

1 can and I will is the motto of men;

Go sing it aloud again and again.

The ring of these words new courage will give,

I can and I will is a song that will live..

Logan, Utah. W. H. Apperley, D. M.

.

SELFCONTROL.*

BY WILLIAM GEORGE JORDAN

IX.—HURRY, THE SCOURGE OF AMERICA.

The first sermon in the world was preached at the creation.

It was a Divine protest against Hurry. It was a Divine object

lesson of perfect law, perfect plan, perfect order, perfect method.

Six days of work carefully planned, scheduled and completed were story as literal or asfollowed by—rest. Whether we accept the

figurative, as the account of successive days or of ages comprising millions of years, matters little if we but learn the lesson.

Nature is very unAmerican. Nature never hurries. Every

phase of her working shows plan, calmness, reliability, and the absence of Hurry. Hurry always implies lack of definite method,

confusion, impatience of slow growth. The Tower of Babel, the

world's first skyscraper, was a failure because of Hurry. The

workers mistook their arrogant ambition for inspiration. They

had too many builders,—and no architect. They thought to make

up the lack of a head by a superfluity of hands. This is characteristic of Hurry. It seeks ever to make energy a substitute

is ever as hopeless as tryfor a clearly defined plan,—the result

ing tu transform a hobbyhorse into a real steed by brisk riding.

Hurry is a counterfeit of haste. Haste has an ideal, a distinct

aim to be realized by the quickest direct methods. Haste has a

single compass upon which it relies for direction, and in harmony with which its course is determined. Hurry says: "I must move

faster. I will get three compasses; I will have them different; I

* From SelfControl; its Kingship and Majesty. Copyright 1889 and 1905

by Fleming H. Revell Company.

SELFCONTROL. 447

will be guided by all of them. One of them will probably be

right."Hurry never realizes that slow, careful foundation work

is the quickest in the end.

Hurry has ruined more Americans than any other word in the vocabulary of life. It is the scourge of America; and is both a

cause and a result of our highpressure civilization. Hurry adroitly

assumes so many masquerades of disguise that its identity is not always recognized.

Hurry always pays the highest price for everything, and usually the goods are not delivered. In the race for wealth, men

often sacrifice time, energy, health, home, happiness and honor, that money cannot buy, the very things that money—everything

can never bring back. Hurry is a phanthom of paradoxes;

business men, in their desire to provide for the future happiness of their family, often sacrifice the present happiness of wife and children on the altar of Hurry. They forget that their place in

the home should be something greater than being merely "the man that pays the bills;"they expect consideration and thoughtfulness that they are not giving.

We hear too much of a wife's duties to a husband and too little of the other side of the question. "The wife,"they tell

us, "should meet her husband with a smile and a kiss, should tactfully watch his moods and be ever sweetness and sunshine."

W hy this continued swinging of the censer of devotion to the man of business? Why should a woman have to look up with timid

glance at the face of her husband to "size up his mood?"Has

not her day, too, been one of care and responsibility, and watchfulness? Has not motherlove been working over perplexing problems and worries of home and of the training of the children that

wifely love may make her seek to solve in secret? Is man, then,

the weaker sex that he must be pampered and treateu as tenderly as a boil trying to keep from contact with the world?

In their hurry to attain some ambition, to gratify the dream of a life, men often throw honor, truth, and generosity to the winds. Politicians dare to stand by and see a city poisoned with

foul water until they see where they come in on a waterworks appropriation. If it be necessary to poison an army

too, is but an incident in the hurry for wealth.—that,

.

448 IMFRO VEMENT ERA

This is the Age of the Hothouse. The element of natural

growth is pushed to one side and the hothouse and the forcepump are substituted. Nature looks on tolerantly as she says: "So

far you may go, but no farther, my foolish children."

The educational system of today is a monumental institution dedicated to Hurry. The children are forced to go through a

series of studies that sweep the circle of all human wisdom. They

are given everything that the ambitious ignorance of the age can force into their minds; they are taught everything but the essentials,—how to use their senses and how to think. Their minds

become congested by a great mass of undigested facts, and still the cruel, barbarous forcing goes on. You watch it until it seems

you cannot stand it a moment longer, and you instinctively put out your hand and say: "Stop! This modern slaughter of the innocents must not go on."Education smiles suavely.waves her hand complacently toward her thousands of knowledgeprisons over the country and says: "Who are you that dares speak a word against our

sacred school system?"Education is in a hurry. Because she

fails in fifteen years to do what half the time should accomplish by better methods, she should not be too boastful. Incompetency

is not always a reason for pride. And they hurry the children

into a hundred textbooks, then into illhealth, then into the colleges, then into a diploma, then into life—with a dazed mind,

untrained and unfitted for the real duties of living.

Hurry is the deathblow to calmness, to dignity, to poise. The

oldtime courtesy went out when the new time hurry came in.

Hurry is the father of despepsia. In the rush of our national life,

the bolting of food has become a national vice. The words "Quick

Lunches"might properly be placed on a thousand headstones in our cemeteries. Man forgets that he is the only animal that

dines; the others merely feed. Why does he abrogate his right to

dine and go to the end of the line with the mere feeders? His

selfrespecting stomach rebels, and expresses its indignation by indigestion. Then man has to go through life with a little bottle

of pepsin tablets in his vest pocket. He is but another victim to

this craze for speed. Hurry means the breakdown of the nerves.

It is the royal road to nervous prostration.

Everything that is great in life is the product of slow growth;

SELFCONTROL. 449

the newer, and greater, and higher, and nobler the work, the slower is its growth, the surer is its lasting success. Mushrooms

attain their full power in a night; oaks require decades. A fad

lives its life in a few weeks; a philosophy lives through generations

and centuries, If you are sure you are right, do not let the voice of the world, or friends, or of family swerve you for a moment from your purpose. Accept slow growth if it must be slow, and

know the results must come, as you would accept the long, lonely hours of the absolute assurance that the heavynight,—with

leaded moments must bring the morning.

Let us as individuals banish the word "Hurry"from our lives.

Let us care for nothing so much that we would pay honor and selfrespect as the price of hurrying it. Let us cultivate calmness, restfulness, poise, sweetness,—doing our best, bearing all

things as bravely as we can; living our life undisturbed by the

prosperity of the wicked or the malice of the envious. Let us

not be impatient, chaffing at delay, fretting over failure, wearying over results, and weakening under opposition. Let us ever turn

our face toward the future with confidence and trust, with the calmness of a life in harmony with itself, true to its ideals, and slowly and constantly progressing toward their realization.

Let us see the cowardly word Hurry in all its most degenerating phases, let us see that it ever kills truth, loyalty, thoroughness; and let us determine that day by day we will seek more

and more to substitute for it the calmness und repose of a true life nobly lived.

[to be continued]

ONLY.

{For the Improvement Era.

Only a word to comfort, spoken in accents low,

But it returned in after years to lessen the giver's woe.

Only a word of kindness, spoken to one astray,

But a heart was made repentant, and turned from sin away.

Only a word, so little it seems when given with love,

Yet, though we deem it nothing, 'tis written in heaven above.

Waterloo, Utah. Grace Ingles Frost.

UTAH'S HOLIDAYS.

BY S. A. KENNEK.

The Utah legislature has added another holiday to the number previously existing, which a good many people thought was ample, the writer of these lines being among the number. That

there should be days of rest, days of business suspension, periods in which labor is laid aside and the cares of life mitigated in harmless relaxation, is indisputable, and these have obtained in all ages and places, civilized and barbarous. The tendency of our

race to seek repose and enjoyment, however, is one that can be, and too often is, indulged in with too little regard for the duties and responsibilities which are ever present, and neglected too much, are productive of disappointment and loss. There ought to

be, in fact there is, the happy medium, and that ground constantly occupied, would produce much better results in the long run than would an inclination to either of the extremes spoken of.

In Mexico, among the lower classes, every day is an actual or constructive sort of holiday, the disposition to take life easily, if not indolently, entering into the manner in which what passes for labor is performed. It is the land of the siesta, or daytime slumber,

and the land of ma"ana (tomorrow) for pretty much everything else except pastime; and Mexico, notwithstanding the great strides

forward that have been accomplished under the administration of the great and good Diaz, is yet far astern of the other nations of considerable population where civilization has a footing. It is

forging to the front, though, as rapidly as the peculiarity spoken of and others engendered by climatic conditions will permit, and is, in all substantial respects, a most desirable and promising country.

That is one of the extremes. If I knew where the other prevailed in a widespread way, it would be a pleasure to mention it;

11AITS HOLIDAYS. 451

but such instances relate to individuals, or, at the most, to isolated communities. In the early days of Utah's history she came as

near to it as a considerable number of people ever experienced in modern times. And they were not without their holidays, their

times of cheer and periods of concerted "laying off"by any means. On the contrary, they observed all the sacred holidays,

Christmas, of—chiefly Sundays and course—and the legitimate

and natural redletter days besides, these being the Fourth and

Twentyfourth of July, before they were made such by law. They

were and are that kind of people—the hardest, most patient, most

indefatigable wonders in the world, never neglecting the coarse arts in favor of the fine, or forgetting the means of subsistence in the presence of means of enjoyment, and yet going into the measures of relaxation with as much zest and apparent obliviousness to the cares of life as if the latter did not exist. This was

what might properly be called the ideal condition, neither phase of life infringing upon the other. As the labors became less

laborious, with the advent of improved mechanism and the gradual accomplishment of needed ends with less care and attention, more time could be and was given to public and private demonstrations in which pastimes largely figured. The legislature got busy and began to add holidays to those formerly recognized, Washington's

birthday being the first of these additions; then came New Year's

day, then Thanksgiving, Decoration day, Labor day, and Arb.r

day, with governors and mayors empowered to create holidays whenever, in their judgment, such would be either enjoyable or useful. Now the lawmakers have put Abraham Lincoln's birthday

into the category, and there should be no objection to it from anv source, probably will not be so far as the subject goes, but there may be some of the general character indicated in the article.

The subject having been opened up, suggestions are in order.

It is beyond question meet and proper that this and all succeeding generations should do honor to the memory of the great emancipator, and it is no less fitting that all other men whose names and deeds have placed them in the world's temple of fame should be fittingly remembered. Utah has a candidate whose claims should

have been recognized long ago. It is almost superfluous for me

to say that his name is Brigham Young. Among the world's

152 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

pathfinders, colonizers, organizers, builders and genuine statesmen, he takes no second place to any. While it is very true that

we cannot look around us without beholding some kind of memorial figure bespeaking his matchless character and wondrous work, it still remains that the lawmaking power has done nothing to keep his welldeserved place in history constantly before the world's people, and there is no longer any excuse for not doing so.

He was not great as the result of accidental circumstances, nor providential culminations, such as has made many a hero, and most of the popular idols; but he achieved

greatness because born to it, because possessed by nature of the necessary qualifications and making the best use of his opportunities. A natural leader of men, he led them through

paths of trial and tribulation to safety, prosperty and enlarged consequence; and those who came with him, their descendants and

all who live within the shadows of our mountains, can do no more tittting thing than properly observe the first day of June,the anniversary of Brigham's birth.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

Photo by David B. Anderson.

In the Uintahs—Mt. Agassiz to the right; Hayden's Peak to the left.

ST. PAUL'S COMPANIONS IN ROME.

BY COL. R. M. BRYCETHOMAS.

VI.—DBMAS.

For some time Demas, a supposed native of Thessalonica, was one of Paul's companions. We do not know just where or at what

time he was converted to Christianity, but at first he was doubtless zealous and honest in his Christian profession. Paul in his epistle

to Philemon, written in A. D. 64, calls him a "fellow laborer"

(Philem. 24). In the same year the Apostle in writing to the

Colossians sends them greetings from Luke and Demas (Col. 4:

14). Here strangely linked together we find two of Paul's associates who in their characters were the very reverse of one another.

During his second Roman captivity, the Apostle, while appealing to Timothy to come shortly to him, and telling him that he was at that time left almost alone, his sole companion being Luke, he added, Demas "hath forsaken me, having loved this present world."

Here we have the two men before us again, the one as an example and the other as a warning. The one steadfast and true,

the other wavering and false, the one brave even to risking his life for the Apostle's sake, the other a veritable coward, the one exhibiting his friendship in the very hour of the Apostle's greatest need, the other afraid to risk the dangers of remaining at his side.

The attractions of the world were too strong for Demas; and so,

notwithstanding that he had once been honorably mentioned as a fellow laborer in the cause of the gospel, he forsook the aged and suffering servant of God for the pleasures of life, or, perhaps, for some social advantages which may have come in his way, and thus false to his God as well as false to his companion and friend, he 154 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

sacrificed that great cause for the allurements of the present life.********* We do not know if Demas apostatized for good or not, but

I>r. Scott in his Bible commentaries aptly points out that the

Apostle appears to have stood in great doubt of him. There is a

tradition, however, that he became a Corinthian heretic, and an idolatrous priest, but, as pointed out in Cassell's Bible Dictionary, this tradition obtains no support from holy scripture.

VII.—EPAPHRAS.

Epaphras was a Colossian, and probably a presbyter of the church at Colosse of which it is supposed that he was the founder.

In the twentythird verse of his epistle to Philemon the Apostle

Paul mentions him as his fellow prisoner in Rome. He also refers

to him when writing to the Colossians as a servant of Christ, and as one who always labored fervently for them in prayers and had a great zeal not only for them, but also for those in Laodicea and

Hierapolis (Col. 4: 12, 13). It was probably the mention of

these places that led Dr. Plumtre to the conclusion that Epaphras

was a messenger to St. Paul from all the three churches of the

valley of the Lycus; namely, Colosse, Laodicea and Hierapolis. It

was most likely also that he was the founder of the two last named churches as well as that of Colosse, because it is evident from what the Apostle tells the Colossians (Col. 2:1) that at that time these

churches had not even seen his (Paul's) face in the flesh. (See

also Col. 1:4, 6, 9 )

According to Dr. Farrar the object of Epaphras'visit to St.

Paul was to make known to him certain errors that had crept into the churches of Proconsular Asia, and especially a new form of error, partly Judaic in that it made distinctions in meat, attached importance to new moons and sabbaths, and insisted upon the value of circumcision, if not on its actual necessity.

How long the Apostle was able to enjoy the fellowship of

Epaphras or what the latter's ultimate fate may have been we do not know, but his presence must have been a source of considerable comfort to St. Paul in the trying circumstances of his Roman

imprisonment. Nor do we know if Epaphras was actually or only

ST. PAUL'S COMPANIONS IN ROME. 455

metaphorically a fellow prisoner of the Apostle at Rome. But in

either case he must have been his associate for some time, because we find that when the Apostle had to write his letter to the

Colossian chuich regarding the incipient forms of heresy that were even then manifesting themselves therein, he did not send Epaphras as its bearer, but an Ephesian named Tychicus, under whose care he at the same time sent back the Colossian slave Onessimus with a letter to his master Philemon.

Epaphras is said to have been a convert of the great Apostle, and tradition has it that he was the first bishop of Colosse.

Pas de Calais, France.

THE SONG OF SPRING.

{For the Improvement Era.)

Come out, come out, /or the spring is here!

Come out, with a shout, where the sky is clear,

For the earth is bright, in the warm sunlight,

And the air seems to ring With the song of spring.

Come out, come out, for the spring is here

Come out, look about, for the winter drear

Has now passed away, and all nature is gay

With the tokens that bring The spring, gentle spring.

Come out, come out, for the spring is here!

Away with all doubt, disappointment and fear,

For a kind Father's love sends new hope from above,

Till our hearts fairly sing, With the song of spring.

Lon J. Haddock.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

A REMINISCENCE OF ERASTUS SNOW.

BY GEORGE H, CROSBY, JR.

One of the most remarkable instances of foresight or sound judgment that I have ever known was that by which Apostle Erastus Snow saw the future of the Latterday Saints colonies in Arizona. Some time about 1882, in a conversation with my father,

he told him just how the outcome of the Arizona colonies was going to be. Brother Snow came to our house in Leeds, Washington

county, Utah, to stay over night. My father was thinking of moving with his family, south, and the two sat up late that night,

talking about the country where the "Mormon"people were then settling, in Arizona. Elder Snow was overseeing the southern

colonizing work out here, at that time; and, as many of our neighbors had moved away from Utah's "Dixie"into various parts of

Arizona, I was interested, and sat up and listened to the conversation. Although I was a small boy then, I remember it as well as

if it had been only yesterday.

They began by talking about the settlements that now compose the Snowflake and St. Johns stakes, and when father asked

regarding that section of Arizona, Brother Snow remarked, "The population will always be rather scattering there, for it is such a long distance between streams of water that the people cannot farm extensively. They will have to raise sheep and cattle, so not

many of them can find homes there."Father wanted to know

about Sunset and Brigham City, on the lower part of the Little

Colorado River, where Lot Smith was then president of the Little

Colorado stake. Brother Snow said, "I am in doubt about the

success of those settlements. The floods are getting so bad that

they wash the dams out,and the water is getting to have too much

Reminiscence of erastus snow. 45?

alkali in it. Then, there is quite a lot of contention among the

people, so that I am fearful that these settlements are going to break up. There is plenty of good land, but the water question is

getting worse every year."

My father next asked him about the Salt River Valley. Brother

Snow smacked his lips more times than usual, and then he said, "That is a mighty good country, but,"he said after some hesita.

tion, "it is too good a country for us to get and keep; the other

settlers are going to come in on the railroad so fast that we will stand in danger of being crowded out of the Salt River Valley as a people. Canals that will have to be built there will require men with

lots of money, and our people are not rich enough to build them, but it is one of the best valleys in this Rocky mountain country."

The conversation next turned to the settlements on the San

Pedro river, in what is now Cochise county, Arizona. "These

settlements are flourishing,"said Apostle Snow, "at the present time,because there is a booming mining camp there, but the soil is shallow and the water is scarce, and they are not going to grow very much more than they have already grown. I would not advise you to go there, though a good many of the people are going

to get good homes."

"How about the settlements over on the Gila, where Brother

Moody is?''asked father. "They are having quite a bit of sickness there now,"Brother Snow answered, "in all the settlements

but one, but I think they will get over that when they get better drinking water. The soil is rich in that valley, the Gila river

furnishes plenty of water, there are lots of mining camps to make a good market, and that is going to be the biggest stake that we have in Arizona, and the Gila Valley is going to be the center place for the Arizona 'Mormons.'George, if you want to go to

Arizona and get a home, the Gila Valley is the best place that I know of for you to go to. We have been trying to get the people to settle up around St. Johns and Snowflake first, but the Gila

country is the best country there is for a man with a big family like yours."

This conversation happened more than twentyfive years ago, and today the St. Joseph stake, with headquarters at Thatcher, in the

Gila Valley, is a stake having upwards of five thousand people, and 4.-.S IMPROVEMENT ERA.

is as large in point of population as all the other stakes in Arizona, combined, while the wards on the San Pedro are stationary in population, and the Sunset and Brigham city settlements, on the lower part of the little Colorado river, have been abandoned by our people for more than twenty years. A very convincing proof

either of the inspiration or the excellent judgment of Apostle

Erastus Snow.

Safford, Arizona.

SPRINGTIME.

GLEE.

The musical composition awarded first prize at the Fourth

National Eisteddfod.

[Through the courtesy of the Cambrian Association and its corresponding secretary, John James, the

Era is enabled to present to its readers the musical composition for mixed voices which was awarded first prize at the Fourth Grand National Eisteddfod held in Salt Lake

City, October 1, 2, and 3, 1908.

There were upwards of a dozen entries in this contest, and Dr. Daniel

Protharoe, after careful consideration, decided the work of "Hugh

Conway"to be the best of those submitted. The winner turned out

to be Prof. George Marks Evans,

a prominent musician of Shamokin,

Pennsylvania. Mr. Evans was born

in Maesteg, South Wales—which,

by the way is also the birthplace of the famous ApMadoc—in 1860.

He came to America when quite a George Marks Evans, Shamokin, Pa.

SPRINGTIME. 459

lad, and at an early age was organist at one of the leading chapels in Shamokin. As may be judged

by his latest effort, "Springtime,"

Professor Evans is a composer of merit, and no trophy won by him in recent years does he prize more highly than the one just awarded him in the "City of the Saints."

At present Mr. Evans is in charge

of the organ and choir of the U. B. church, Shamokin, having

been reappointed to this position for the fifth year. It is one of

the best church appointments in the city, and is said to have one of the best choirs in Eastern Pennsylvania.

Mr. David E. Phillips, the author of the words, is also a native

of Wales, and resides in Mahanoy

City, Pa. Editors.] D. E Phillips, Mahanoy City, Pa.

WORDS BY D. E. PHILLIPS. MUSIC BY GEORGE MARKS EVANS.

Allegretto.

'iUfc,-fv3z:*zg—

ft# fcSzS: -d—0- m—

I 1/ springtime for life, Springtime for joy, Springtime for hope with-

I I: -t P f T ft r—-?- r* P'P ft iz

r-l -#.S 4==s-cflout alal -- loy,loy, Springtime,Springtime, thethe timetime whenwh nature wakes from

l M? g 'Wt#-I*-—

v +- m SE.

460 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

TVwin - ter slum - ber; When she shakes Her

Her inagic wand fc=EjS/je iflfepJTi mag - ic wand, O'er hill and dale, When—s -i Ldi l -t --3-

O'er hill and dale When

:t|p=2zp: b

c: *- r t-W m—Kj- m—t-mifH=g*-i**—v I *=?k I r f

- ril showers flood the dale, To wash a-way the dtAp

old, the dead, That per - ish in cold winter's bed.

t* i - |-lfrr—\-m-:ENF=

SPRING TIMb. 461

Andante pastorale.

Springtime the dawn of day, When *- -- tfl k=t# fagd B; Si

rs i \

--- sign joy she brings in nier ry way, The

-0- -fv

balm y air, sun's warm rays, The

=&S=E3=:=?=s ilfefelgipl

orchard blossoms all a - blaze, The orchard blossoms

% E&E=Ep3 1 462 IMPROVEMENT. ERA.

-M

i 1*/ =d L#i * L#-F—***

tr all a - blaze. E'en in the for - est all is fair, And

[N i n J i,s J4.

P3> -X-f:*= v=== tfcf

JV 1.1—N- F—#

-tt

wild flow'r fragrance fills the air, 'Tis springtime, spring, Tis

joy - fulspring,This is the song the bluebirds sing, 'Tis

F -* 0- -0- -0- -0- g:I=pZ===F=P= farm

springtime,spring, 'Tis joyful spring, This is the song,this n a*. -F- -F *.:r -i# -

:—i -J--i ms

F r r

SPRINGTIME. 46<

N 1 N-r-l: #—s—Ff-—fzrF—

is the song the bluebirds sing, 'Tis springtime, spring, 'Tis

——-v- v—F—

r#—#—#—Sg F F '

i r i—?"r—t I—joy - ful spring, This the blue is the song

-F #T"S m -R-5= sSEEE fc=t 1 i iS

birds sing.

.( LC =1 Fh—L| 0—>-a F-1—C..fML—g—

i. 1/ birds sing, the blue - birds sing. very slow

?zfc=:t pi 1—rff—F-

Allegro moderato.

E3v t ggEEEggEEEEg God of the seasons, Life and time, Exalt ed king, suExalt

God of the seasons, Life and time, Exalted

Exalted king.

U b I h I

-=l—EE ir.* a==t

preme, sublime, grant while we pass, on life's fleet wing we fepEEEEKEJEgJEEfEEg-#-#- king, supreme, sublime, grant while we pass on life's fleet dt=nz—=-r=—nr-—m Kr B=*==t w-h c 1 -I—I-# - V-\Hf. 1

king. supreme, sublime, grant while we pass on life'* fleet

q-U- rf %=3 Ss 1 v- supreme, sublime, grant while we pass, on life's fleet wing, j==g=ife m the joy - ful spring, weemulate the joyful, the em - ulate -N I ft J. /JWJIj j J J-H-J-3

wing, we emulate the joy - ful spring, we em - u - late the

i 'v—E=roaV—1—1—b*——hSP wing, we emulate the joyful spring, we emulate the joyful

i+h t*==n=tF=t r-Tf zm-m. E -u-v- H= -V-V ***

weemulate the joy - ful spring,we emu - late the joyful,the

Ef-r-=rzc=Tirr-T—

joy - ful spring, And fill a mission for our race, =P*= t> J'* 1/- That =R=*=

joy - ful spring, And fill a mission for our race, -JV—t r4 1 1 33 4—*- Iemm

C I A

SPRINGTIME. 465

ftqEfc sa EEE3|| That we may see Thee face to face, that we may i=lilll*Ii we may see Thee face to face, to face, that we may

That we may see Thee face to face,that we may see, that --=—*--*A-:Ji=:fe$ 3 s? feiigg

that we may see Thee face to face, that we may see, that

't-a—-a—p\afe=t #—0—0-:=fc=5iP-3- 2=feE 3

see Thee face to face, When winter closing curtain

-*-+- -A—A—P.—<—K—H-l-J -—=!#—"*fe*ES# w

fe5 -b1—p————bb 1—: srf we may see Thee face to face, When winter closing curtain

I 3-j- - h-P# i—P—IP*-,—p#—w—fr———J—*—FF-*—j Pi—=1—.-—*3—hH——h—*

tfa//.

fet

sear, when winter's clos - ing curtain sear, Doth end the cjcle

1—s——#—# #——

sear, when winter's closing curtain sear, Doth end the cycle

sear, when winter's closing curtain sear, Doth end the cycle P

4GG IMPROVEMENT ERA.

a tempo ==fe i of the year. We

IPiiilpliSiJ of the year. We em u-late the joyful spring,

a tempo V—t/-- fefed=|gpEgE+g of the year, We em - u*late the joy ful spring

S

We em- \r f m—w9 ""fr""- hd—0—yd——*—--—n.L U-v b1—

we emulate the joyful spring, we emulate the joyful spring, we *—0 0—fi -0- * mmmm

?—0 F -0—0-

-v—L t -1-0-m

late the joy - ful, the joy - ful spring, And fill a mission fv 1 -, r- i——r-i -Tfr—q=q=j= i jH--i-<-

u - late the joy - ful spring, ffe *=—= em - u - late the joy - ful spaing, And fill a mission

9-:-t? #—H.

1,:

SPRINGTIME. 467

*—#-#-—-M b-t 1?

for our race, That we may see Thee face to face, When fn-—

for our race, that we may see Thee face to face, When fhfbm.... m

1K-b-——*%- h -* v—1

-f

"CZjtZ I g fcfc 3=* winter's closing cur - tain sear, Doth end the cy cle

n=4 0-i-:*—N"m-.—#—- fcz 1

? *. * i f * *? t—t—1—f—fe—,—BE

winter's closing cur - tain sear, Doth end the cy - cle

. if; fi r-p-br-.

z: -v—-

Rall.

=2: iiilli2

end the cy - ele of our year. of our year, Doth

fez

of our year, Doth end the cy - cle erf our year.

11gpfep&!g=Ei S=

.

NAUVOO TODAY.

BY JOHN ZIMMERMAN BROWN, A. B.,OF DEPARTMENT OF PHYSIOLOGY,

UNIVERSITY OF UTAH.

Sixtythree years ago Nauvoo had a population of more than fifteen thousand inhabitants, and was the largest city in the state of Illinois. As it lay half encircled by a bend of the Mississippi,

covering an area of several square miles, it promised to become a commercial, industrial and educational center of no small importance.

Jt was a beautiful city that had sprung into existence in the short space of seven years It not only promised to outrival St. Louis, but

it was even larger than Chicago. With such a future

at that time, it is strange, John Pitt, and a portion of his residence, near Parley Street, Nauvoo. but nevertheless a fact, that

today it is an unimportant village of thirteen hundred people. True, it occupies the same

beautiful site, but it has no railway connections, nor any of the modern improvements. However, the present inhabitants are a

thrifty, kindhearted people, who bid the traveler welcome and willingly relate to him the story of their city.

'Twas early on Sunday morning in August that I landed at the little town of Montrose on the Iowa side of the river just opposite

NAUVOO TODAY. 469

Nauvoo. The mail carrier proffered to row me across in his launch,

and, as we moved out into the stream, our boat headed for the opening between two islands which hide Nauvoo from the Iowa side. "This island on the left,"the boatman said, "is called

Kimball Island; it was named after Heber C. Kimball, a "Mormon,"

who once lived in Nauvoo. We call the other one Galland Island.

From the opening between these two timbercovered islands,

I had my first glimpse of Nauvoo, the city from which our people were driven sixtythree years ago.

A few rods above the boat landing stands the oldest house in mMm

1EL. ""'ifcv i

Nauvoo Mansion, Home of the Prophet Joseph Smith. Main and Center Streets.

the town. It was built in 1827 by Captain James White, and is a

twostory, white stone building still used as a dwelling.

The present town of Nauvoo occupies the hill a mile back from the river; the low lands between, though laid out in what

were once city lots, are now fields and vineyards with a building only here and there. One of these, a substantial brick house, is

the Nauvoo residence of Brigham Young. Farther on towards the

hill is a large twoand-a-half story house, which was the home of

Heber C. Kimball. On a big white stone set in the brick wall above

the porch is inscribed the letters: H. C. K., 1845. This house is

well preserved and looks as if it had been but recently built. The

470 IMPR VEMENT ERA.

property includes good outbuildings and a well kept garden; to

all appearances it is occupied by a thrifty family.

As my Utah friends who were to join me at Nauvoo had not arrived, I spent that quiet, peaceful Sabbath wandering about the streets and lanes, over hills and along river banks, silently gazing

Main Set, Nauvoo, Looking North. The Mansion, now Occupied.

upon the Nauvoo of tsday, while picturing in my mind what it at one time had been.

On what was once one of the principal sidewalks, I found a few flat stones—the remnants of a pavement that was laid a generation ago. But on the more important streets, such as Mulhol.

land, these stones have been replaced by modern cement walks.

I was surprised to observe the great number of substantial, old brick houses, both large and small,which, I was told, had been built by the "Mormons."These former dwellings of our people

are scattered about everywhere. Many of them are now unoccupied.

Knocking at the door of one of these, I was kindly received by an old gentleman who introduced himself as John Pitt. When

I told him I was looking for some one who could tell me about

Nauvoo, he answered: "Well, I guess I know as much as any body,

for I've been around these parts since fortyone."He then related

the following story:

"My father, Thomas Pitt, and his brother William were conNAUVOO TODAY. 471

verted to 'Mormonism'in England by Wilford Woodruff, in 1840, and came to Nauvoo the next year. But father did not go west

when the 'Mormons'were driven out. So we have lived in and

about here ever since.

"I remember the Prophet Joseph Smith and his brother Hyrum, and heard them preach many times. Although I was but a boy, I

distinctly recall the time when those men were killed; the picture

of the funeral procession coming into Nauvoo with their bodies is as clear to me as if it had happened but yesterday. The intense

sadness and gloom of that occasion can never be forgotten. But

we knew Heber C. Kimball much better. We lived in the third

ward, and he preached there a great deal. You know Brother

Kimball was a potter, and he used to preach about being like clay in the hands of the potter. I remember John Lott and a Brother

Murdock, who took care of the Prophet Joseph's farm; also Reuben

Hedlock, George Edmonds, and Almon W. Babbitt. Edmonds lives

in Carthage now. A 'Mormon'by the name of Home kept a store

on Mulholland Street, and one day my father sent me up there to sell a hide. Father left the horns on the hide as that was the way

Foot of Main Street, Nauvoo, Looking South. Mississippi River Below.

Showing site of the old Knight Mill.

we used to do in England. When Home, the store keeper, unrolled the hide, he said, 'why didn't you cut these horns off? I

don't buy them; I'm Home enough now!'So he sawed them off before he weighed the hide."

472 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Although this old gentleman is eighty two, he says he has "no aches nor pains."In response to my question, "where did

the Prophet and bis brother live?"he led me out through the

corn field into the woods towards the river. On the way, he directed my attention to an old sand bank. "Here,"he said, "a

cavein once occurred while the men were hauling sand, burying two little boys, the sons of a Mr. Lathorp, a 'Mormon'who kept

a store on Mulholland Street."

We continued onward down the hill into Parley Street, and then turned west into Main Street, which extends north and south and is the widest thoroughfare in the city. From this point we

proceeded southward to the river. On our left we passed a small

frame house, which, I was told, was Sidney Rigdon's. Just below

this, on the corner of Main and Water Streets, is the Nauvoo Mansion, where the Prophet Joseph lived. The portion of the Mansion

fronting southward on Water Street had been taken down. But

the part facing Main Street stands just as it did when it was occupied by the Prophet. At the foot of Main street near the river,

just one block from the Mansion House, is the Nauvoo HousemenParley Street, Nauvoo, 111. LookiDgEast from Main St.—Lyman Wight's House.

NAUVOO TODAY. 473

tioned in the 124th section of the Doctrine and Covenants. The

walls of this structure were built only to the top of the basement.

However, on the southwest corner of the foundation, there is a twostory brick house erected by the late Mr. Bidamon.

The Smith cottage stands opposite on Main Street; and a few

#ff

KpP

Emma Smith's Grave, Nauvoo, 111.

rods below, toward the river, is the family cemetery in which are the graves of Emma Smith and her second husband Mr. Bidamon.

The marble slab on Emma Smith's grave bears the inscription

Emma Smith Bidamon, born, JULY 10, 1803; DIED, APRIL 30, 1879.

All that is left of Joseph Smith's store and office, which faced north on Water Street, just one block west of the Mansion, is the old cellar, half filled with earth and debris, and overgrown with vines and shrubbery. Hyrum Smith's house was torn down many

years ago, but the brick building where William Marks lived, is still standing. All these homes are now occupied.

The parade ground nearby where the Nauvoo Legion used to drill, was also pointed out.

After we had gone a few blocks north on Main Street, indicating a group of buildings on the west side, he said, "this one 474 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

nearest the corner was John Taylor's printing office, where the

Nauvoo Neighbor and the Times and Seasons were published. The

second house to the north was John Taylor's home; and that big

I mean where the shingles and cornice are loosehouse up there—

the place were Joseph Young resided."and falling—is

As we sat down to rest on the door step of the printing office,

Brother Pitt continued his story:

"No,"he said, "my father didn't go west with the rest of

Casper's Hollow, on the Old Carthage Road, SouthEast of Farley Street, Nauvoo.

the 'Mormons.'He died here in Illinois. After the 'Mormons'

left, it was a great many years before we heard much about them.

Two years ago they held a conference in our grove, when my son's family and I were baptized.

"My uncle William Pitt, however, went to Utah with the 'Mormons.'He was a musician and led the band in the Nauvoo Legion.

He was also a fine singer. The last time I saw him was in February,

1846. Brigham Young and the other Church leaders had told the

people to parch all the corn they could get. They said this parched

corn could be ground and eaten with milk while they were traveling to the west. (Veil, uncle William put his supply of parched

corn, a few other provisions, and a little stove, together with his wife and children into a onehorse wagon, told us goodbye, drove across the river on the ice, and I have never seen him since."

House of Zebedee Coltrin, Warsaw Street, Nauvoo, 111.

The older Utahns will no doubt remember this man William

Pitt. As his nephew remarked, he was leader of the Nauvoo Band,

and it will be remembered that on Saturday, May 24, 1845, he led the band when they played the CapStone March, his own composition, at the laying of the capstone of the Nauvoo Temple. Brother

Pitt came to Utah, where he was for many years a leading musician in Salt Lake City.

From this old printing house on Main Street we went east to other points of interest. As we ascended the hill, my guide pointed

in the direction of the low lands between us and the river and remarked, "you see all that country is laid out in city blocks. That

space was once covered with homes. But after the 'Mormons'

left, the houses were taken down the river on flat boats and sold to the people in Keokuk and other towns along the Mississippi."

Returning to the house we rested on the porch and my attention was attracted by columns of heavy black smoke rising above the trees along the river. Later a steam boat, the old time packet,

with its noisy water wheel in the rear, came splashing slowly round the south bend.

My companion explained that because of the shallow water at certain seasons of the year, they still run these old fashioned flat bottomed steam boats on the upper Mississippi. My Utah friends

were onboard this packet coming up the river from Keokuk. That

night we met at the hotel.

Salt Lake City, Utah. (to be continued.]

THE GIVER OF BOOKS.

BY PROP. J. FRANK DAY.

[Prof. Day delivered the following"address at the Murdock Academy, on

Monday, March 1,1909, at the dedicatory services of the "George Hawaii ClurT

Library,"founded by Benjamin Guff, Jr., in honor of his departed son. In submitting the article, Mr. John G. McQuarrie, to whom the Era is indebted for the

manuscript, says, "I think this lecture very interesting in itself; and I asked Prof.

Day to allow me to send the article to the Era, also because I thought that in publishing and commending such generous actions as that of Prof. Guff, it might

prompt other men and women to follow his example, to give of their means to assist in the uplifting of mankind."Editors.]

It is a principle of the religion of Christ that'man can best serve his Creator by doing good to his fellows. Nothing pleases

an earthly father so much as to see his children loving him and each other, and to see the older and stronger helping the weaker up the nobler way of life. So God is most pleased when his children

so love the world that they serve it. Christ himself set the

crowning example of devotion to humanity, and we are told to walk in his steps. It is not the privilege of any other man to lay

down his life that all mankind might be saved; but it is within the

right of all to do lesser things. And, without doubt, it is he who

gives with charity, that best serves the Master. Said Christ in the

vision to Sir Launfal

The Holy Supper is kept, indeed,

In whatso we share with another's need;

Not what we give, but what we share,

For the gift without the giver is bare;

Who gives himself with his alma feeds three,

Himself, his hungering neighbor, and me.

The life of a little child ties the soul of one of our greatest

THE GIVER OF BOOKS. 477

benefactors to this campus. Our school is brother to the boy, for

it was from the brain of the child's father that the Murdock Academy, like Athena from the head of Zeus, sprang forth a living institution.

The father loved both his children, and watched them grow with pride and gratitude in his heart. God claimed the child of

flesh, and since that sorrowful time the school has received a greater portion of love, and often has our friend turned to us with open heart and hand.

We are very grateful for the way in which President Guff chose especially to help us. His soul's labor during the early years

of the Beaver Branch has borne its fruit. He returns to find us

making the struggle of life alone, still honoring but not leaning upon the B. Y. U., at Provo. We cut loose from her guardianship

because we thought we could and must make a name for ourself in the world. Yet, even as the boy who leaves his home to seek

fame and fortune and honor remembers those who gave him life, we, too, are still drawn to him who saw the possibilities of this spot and the rough stone buildings scattered about; to him who

created this institution spiritually before it was temporally; to him

who is indeed the father of its soul.

I repeat: we are grateful for the way thou hast blessed us.

God gave man Nature, the greatest source of inspiration, comfort, and knowledge. Next to Nature, are books valued for giving man

these things. Good books are Nature second hand. Indeed, Nature's signature of approval is the sign of a good book, which may

be called a living creature born of the union of the author's soul with Nature; and being immortal, shall never die, but shall serve,

and be loved by the children of men for ever. Says Wordsworth:

Books, we know, Are a substantial world, both pure and good,

Round which, with tendrils strong as flesh and blood,

Our pastime and our happiness can grow.

Good books are the best friends of some men, and may become good friends of any man. They will comfort him in sorrow, and

fill his lighter hours with mirth; direct and strengthen his budding

ambition; satisfy his thirst for knowledge; and give to his thoughtful moments joy, hope, and inspiration. Indeed, to a less extent

;.;

478 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

than Nature only do books "to him who... holds communion

with[th?ir] visible forms, speak a various language."

"A good book,"says Smiles, "is the same today that it always was, and it will never change. It is the most patient and

cheerful of companions. It does not turn its back upon us in times

of adversity or distress. It always receives us with the same kindness; amusing and instructing us in youth, and comforting and

consoling us in old age."Indeed, I think good books, much more

than comfort and console us in our old age. The man who has

cultivated a liking for good books, a taste for good literature, may look forward to his age, not with regret, but with a longing for that well earned leisure when he can spend his time more and more with the great and good and wise men of the past. With his books

around him, tried and faithful companions of a lifetime, he will approach his grave with a wise and benevolent calm that knows no fear, but that waits for death, assured of immortality. For years

he has daily talked and walked in his reading with the great of the earth. Nowlie is soon to meet them as old friends face to face."

"Books,"says Hazlitt, "wind into the heart; the poet's verse

slides into the current of our blood. We read them when young,

we remember them when old. We read there of what has happened to others; we feel that it has happened to ourselves."

Thus it is that we enter into "the presence of the greatest minds that have ever lived... The great and good do not die.

Embalmed in books, their spirits walk abroad,"and speak to man.

Good books preserve the best thought of the past, the most important experiences of the past. If we had not this heritage,

our progress would be limited to that which a single life can make aided by mere legend? of the past. Hence, one man has said:

''We breath but the air of books. We owe everything to their

authors, on this side of barbarism."Though this be a slight exaggeration, the following by Southey is not:

My thoughts are with the dead, with them

I live in long past years Their virtues love, their faults condemn

Partake their hopes and fears;

And from their lessons seek and find

Instruction with a humble mind.

THE GIVER OF BOOKS. 479

It is as impossible for any one man to become acquainted with the words of all the books in the world, as it is for him to become personally acquainted with all the people in the world. Hence

arises the necessity of knowing best those that will help us most.

Some books like some men are not good companions, others are worthy in varying degrees. Says Bacon: "Some books are to be

tasted, others to be swallowed, and still others to be chewed and digested"—and I might add there are some modern books that may

well be left alone. We should be as careful of our author friends

as of our personal friends. Says Samuel Smiles: ''A man may

usually be known by the books he reads, as well as by the company he keeps; for there is a companionship of books as well as of men;

and one should always live in the best company, whether it be of books or of men."A good library will not only furnish one with

good and great companions, but will preserve one from bad companions whether of books or men; for habitual thinking upon a

high plane, will make association with the low and coarse impossible.

Only one other caution, I feel, is necessary at this time. Do

not forget what I said a few moments ago: that good books are

Nature's second hand. Get as much inspiration as possible first

hand. The flight of the floating bird, "as darkly seen against the

crimson sky,"can teach you and me as well as Bryant the beautiful truth impressed in the words of "To a Waterfowl."

There are some readers who shed tears with the heroine of a story, and fail to see real sorrow on the street below. Let us gain

inspiration and knowledge in all of Nature's forms, for divinity and beauty exist, for those who see, in the croaking frog, the early violet, the common dandelion, the newborn calf, the roar of the ocean's shore, the surging crowd in a city street, or the companion at thy side.

But books come next to Nature, and he who knows the latter can judge of the worth of the former. With Wordsworth let me

say that

It is just That here, in memory of all books which lay

Their sure foundations in the heart of man,

Whether by native prose or numerous verse

480 1MPRO VEMENT ERA.

That in the name of all inspired souls

From Homer, the great thunderer; from the voice

That roars along the bed of Jewish song;

And that more varied and elaborate,

Those trumpettones of harmony that shake

Our shores in England,—from those loftiest notes

Down to the low and wrenlike warblings, made

For cottagers and spinners at the wheel,

And sunburnt travelers resting their tired limbs,

Stretched under wayside hedge rows, ballad tunes,

Food for the hungry ears of little ones,

And of old men who have survived their joys 'Tis Just that in behalf of these, the works,

And of the men that framed them, whether known

Or sleeping nameless in their scattered graves

That I should here assert their rights, attest

Their honors, and should, once for all, pronounce

Their benediction; speak of them as powers

Forever to be hallowed; only less,

For what we are and what we may become

Than Nature's self, which is the breath of God,

Or his pure word by miracle revealed.

Our friend has given us a gift second only to that of our

Maker's. Many good books! A Library! A collection to be dedicated

this day as the George Hawaii Cluff Library, m honor of the little son who spent the best part of his life on this campus. A library

that shall grow from a thousand volumes to many thousands.

Books that will help to form the characters of nearly all before me now, and likely, also of your children and grand and greatgrand children.

President Cluff's work in founding this library entitles his name to enrollment among the benefactors of his race. Carnegie

has spent millions in founding many libraries throughout the land, yet we hold thy gift greater than all of his, for:

He gives only the worthless gold

Who gives from a sense of duty;

But he who gives but a slender might,

And gives to that which is out of sight,

That thread of the all sustaining beauty

Which runs through all and doth all unite,

The hand cannot clasp the whole of his alms*

THE GIVER OF BOOKS. 481

The heart outstretches its eager palms,

For a god goes with it and makes it store

To the soul that was starving in darkness before.

Beaver, Utah.

Foundation Site of the New Building, Murdock Academy, Beaver. The building

will cost $75,000, and is built of red lava stone.

THE WAGNER MONUMENT.

The chaste and magnificent statue of Wagner in its prominent place in the Thiergarten, Berlin, was unveiled in the spring of 1904. The white marble of the statue and wide base pavement,

are intensified by the dense background of trees and trailing vines.

Wagner sits as on a throne, with eyes raised heavenward, indicating whence came his inspiration of melody and song. Conspicu482 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ous among the corner figures (all from his operas) is that of

Tannhauser; his staff, old, travelstained, wondrously bursting into

bloom as he sinks into the arms of death. The Utah people

from left to right are Miss May Alder, Ray Welker, president of the

Berlin branch, 1904, G. Herman Schettler,violin student,Mrs. Florence Alder Schettler and children,who were living in Berlin, where

the professor was studying music; Mrs. Lydia D. Alder and Mrs.

Alice Merrill Home, who had been invited as speaker to the Quinquennial Congress which convened in Berlin in June of that year J

Miss Loredine Christensen, who accompanied Mrs. Home, and was

going to Paris to study art; Elder John Levey, conference president; G. Howard Beard, missionary in Berlin; Miss Judith Anderson, contralto, then studying in Berlin, now Mrs. G. Howard

Beard, and her mother, Mrs. C. V. Anderson.

Statue of Richard Wagner, Berlin.

A group of Utah people in the foreground.

THE DOUBLE AGONY.

BY SUSA YOUNG GATES.

The long rooms were blazing with light and color and buoyant motion as Alec Martin stood a moment at the wide hall entrance gazing with bounding pulses upon the fascinating scene. The exquisite blending of color in the robes of the young women so charged

his eyes with delight that he did not look with disfavor upon the low bodices. His eyes were losing their onetime swiftness of

condemnation for such displays. The young men who moved from

group to group, were clad in the dullblack coats prescribed by society. His own appearance was now in accord with the wide

shirtexpanse, and the narrowtail coat which marks good form in evening habits for men.

"Well,"said a quiet voice at his side, "do you like the picture, my boy?"

"Oh, Uncle Tom, I did not think to find you here."

"I have known our host for many years, and have been proud of his friendship. Besides, I knew you were coming, and I am

curious to know what your verdict on ultrafashionable Salt Lake society will be."

"Again, I was friendly with his wife until she decided to burst upon society with her own unexcelled charms and tact, backed by her husband's hardearned money."

"That sounds like criticism, Uncle Tom."

"Perhaps! Salt Lake City has many circles. There is a very

good class of society, and also there is that class which has all the elements of corruption and demoralization."

"What objection have you to this circle of splendid men and women?"484 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

"There is something in this air of refinement and culture that fills me with delight, Uncle Tom. I do love cultured society."

A little confusion in the hall, behind the speakers, drew the young man's attention to the new arrivals, and in a moment he was at the side of a young lady whose bright eyes challenged him.

Her satin cloak only half concealed the pale blue gown of gauze and lace which draped her form in the latest long, narrow, severe lines. As she gave her hand to him, he caught the glitter of jewels upon her neck and shoulders. She answered lightly,in response

to his low question, "Certainly, Alec, you shall have the first and last dance, and as many more as you wish."

Then she sprang up the stairway and out of sight, and the hall below actually seemed deserted to the young man who had so recently been quite happily absorbed in the crowds about him.

"Well, Alec, you are evidently wellthought of by little Daisy

Moore,"said his uncle.

"What a quaint way of expressing a fact which I hope sincerely is true, Isn't she lovely?"

"Yes, Daisy is quite pretty when she gets on her warpaint, and feathers,"dryly responded the older man.

"She is an angel,"quoth the youth.

The older man quizzically touched the broad forehead of the youth beside him, and whispered, "It can't be wine, Alec, it must be love."Alec laughed softly, and then hurried to reach the young woman, who approached with her mother. That her dress was

very low, her robe very narrow, her lips unnaturally red, and her throat and hands covered with jewels, was not noticed by the youth who gazed so adoringly at her, but the older man, watching the pair sauntering slowly into the crowds in the rooms beyond, marked well these points.

"Just one year, today, Daisy dear, since I came to this beautiful city from my faraway country home."

"What a delightful coincidence that we should be here together tonight, Alec. And we must celebrate your anniversary with becoming honors. Hark, there is the twostep, and I do love that

oldfashioned dance."

Together they glided away, the music filling both young hearts

THE DOUBLE AGONY. 485

with unutterable longings and emotions. Many eyes were fastened

upon them as they moved, light as youth and love should always be, to the strains of the sweet music.

Daisy was very popular, for she was merry of tongue as well as light of foot, and dainty in all her appointments. Alec Martin

saw her leave his side with other partners with considerable pain.

He would have stolen her from them all, so selfish was his affection, and so fixed had his intentions suddenly become.

"Daisy,"he said as they were once more together, "I have been promoted in the bank today."

"Oh! how perfectly splendid,"she cried, clapping her hands

with delight. "You will be bank president, some day."

"Hardly. But I hope to climb."

"I love men who know how to make money—Captains of Industry, you know."

The young min was too enraptured to make any deductions.

So he went heedlessly on: "I was wondering if you would go to

church with me tomorrow night. I should be pleased to call for

you.""Church? Go to evening meeting in our simple little ward?

How very stupid that would be, Alec, I get so bored that I have given up going to services long ago. I go sometimes to the tabernacle, when it is a pleasant day, and I can go without spoiling my

clothes.""But would you not like to attend meeting with me?"he

asked with stupid inability to observe from her point of view.

"Oh, you come down, and we can have the library all alone to ourselves tomorrow evening. For father always goes to meeting and forces the boys to go. But mother just rebels, and will

not go where she is so wearied."

The young man was abashed. He had hoped to induce his

sweetheart to take up something a little more serious. For,

although life was very charming as it presented itself in the fascinating rounds of social balls and theatres, still he was trained to weightier things, after all. There was still, and always, a very

serious side to life, for Alec Martin.

At that moment the crowd began to move towards the great dining room, and the young people followed in the wake of their 486 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

associates. Finding a small table set for two in the upper corner

of a smaller room, the two sat down cozily to their dainty refreshments.

"Isn't our hostess a dear, to provide all this glorious entertainment?"

"It is my introduction to this ultraselect society, you rerember, Daisy, and I feel sure I owe my invitation to you."

"Well, you are right. I knew that you would enjoy this life,

with all the lovely accessories which only birth, breeding and riches can give. Our hostess has been brought up in the best of eastern

society. It is really quite a distinction to be invited to her home."

The young man ventured to look into the eyes of his companion the volume of gratitude he felt for the unusual privilege.

And if there was more than mere gratitude in the look, who could wonder or blame?

The waitress approached them and placed by each plate two small wine glasses.

The face of the young man was a study in emotions, as the waitress hurried away. But he said nothing.,

"Now we shall properly celebrate your anniversary, Alec,"laughed his companion, as the waitress returned, bringing with her a small bottle of wine and a larger one of champaign.

The iridescent glasses reflected their colors in the eyes of the young man as he gently pushed his aside and bit his lips as if in pain. "Come, Alec, drink to all our future anniversaries."

The young man said nothing, and his eyes reflected unspoken emotions. "What's the matter, Alec? Why don't you fill your glass?

Here, let me have the honor."

"Daisy, I never tasted a drop of liquor in my life."

"Good time to begin,"she merrily laughed, as she filled her second glass with the sparkling liquid.

"Here's to our future happiness,"she added, as she held the glass temptingly to her companion.

"Still silent, Alec?"she was too intent on her own purpose to

note the dusky gleam in the gaze of her lover.

"Daisy,"his voice had a pleading note, "I covenanted with

THE DOUBLE AGONY. 48?

my mother, now dead, that I would never taste a drop of wine."

"This isn't wine, Alec, its champaign, glorious, golden champaign! You don't know you are alive, until y?u have felt the

charm of life which glows in your veins from this amber delight."

The young man shook His head, and his hand upon the table quivered with powerful emotion.

As the laughing, sneering woman leaned toward him, the sparkling glass in her upraised hand, her mocking eyes upon his trembling lips, it was as if the curtains of her soul were lifted, and he beheld the shallow, selfish, pleasureloving, hidingplaces of her poor little soul. He looked with opened eyes upon the

painted lips, the immodest dress, the frowning brows. What had

been an ocean of admiration turned, with the swiftness of life's greatest problem, into a current of loathing. This tempestuous

mood would leave him, he was sure of that, even in his sudden frenzy; but never would he see her again with the glamour of devotion and tender hope which had so recently surrounded her. He

had had other quick warnings, but nothing so keenly serious as this revelation had ever before approached him. He sat looking

gloomily at her, his hand held close over the glass, lest she should, perforce, fill it with the dreaded liquid. Never before had he suffered so grievous a temptation nor so cruel an awakening. And

the girl was still saying, "Don't be foolish, dear Alec, just drink a little to celebrate our best anniversary."

It was unbelievable that so lovely a creature could be so senseless and so base. He had withstood the desires and the scoffs of many

kinds and conditions of life and men. But this girl! This radiant

vision of loveliness! This exquisitely painted Jezebel! It was

maddening "I hate weak men,"said she at last, stung by his proud denials, her own brows drawn in a quick frown, "I like men who are strong and sure of themselves, and who can do anything other men can do or dare."

"Do you think it cowardly to refrain from evil?"asked the

man. "Well, I think it very unmanly in you to refuse to drink my loving toast.

"Woman,"he said with a hoarse voice and suppressed feel488 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ing, "do you think I could pledge a pure and eternal happiness in a cup of wine?"

He arose as he spoke, and hurried into the hall. She followed

him, her glass still in her hand, and the fire of determination in her cold, blue eyes.

"Alec Martin, this is the last time I shall ever ask a favor of you. Will you drink my toast, or will you not?"

"No!"The word was like the thin snap of a riding whip.

And the girl recoiled as if she had been stricken. The youth was

soon in the hall, ready for unceremonious departure.

"Don't blame Daisy too much,"whispered his old uncle who had been a silent witness to most of the tempting scene; "her

mother has never been converted to the gospel. She is a proud,

cold woman, who has a good and faithful husband. Be charitable,

boy.""She showed me no charity! My father died a drunkard.

She should have known of my double agony tonight. But what

shall 1 say of the society who introduces such vile temptations to unprotected youth, and fosters such weaknesses in thoughtless girls! Uncle Tom, I am not only very angry but very unhappy!"

And the two men passed into the night.

The lights still shimmered on the rich dresses in the ballrooms, the men spoke soft words in low, cultured voices, the wine flowed from bottle to glass, and Daisy Moore laughed with bitter glee as she drank her own and her late partner's portion.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

3Ipbu0 sato until Jflartfja: "J am t\\? ttmrrtttian, ana tl|p

lifjp; 1jp tljat bs Iteurtlj in mt, ttjnnntf b? tu*r? teao, urt slfall Ijr

Hup: ana wtyasatwr lituetlf ana bpltruftlj in m* sljaU n?u?r at*."

EDITOR'S TABLE.

AGE OF THE EARTH.

Several students have asked to know whether the ideas contained in the seventh Y. M. M. I. A. Manual lesson are in harmony

with the teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith as found in section 77 of the Doctrine and Covenants. A careful reading of the

7th lesson, also of the Book of Abraham, and the section referred to in the Doctrine and Covenants will demonstrate that there is no conflict. The Manual, as I understand it, simply gives the scientific deductions concerning the geological age of the earth. It

does not pretend to say how old the earth is, but points out the scientific conclusions on this subject. The Book of Abraham in

the 3rd and 4th chapters, very distinctly points out, or conveys, the idea that the creative days or periods included long periods of time. This is plainly set forth on pages 56 to 59 in the

Manual. We are not told how long these periods were. It is

only demonstrated in the Manual that science declares the creation to have covered very long periods of time; and that Joseph

the Prophet, through the Book of Abraham, also declared that long periods of time were consumed in the preparation of the earth for man; which the prophet did before the scientists or religious leaders had announced this truth. It seems to me unnecessary to discuss, much less try to decide, in class, the length of

the time. The prophet declares it was long periods. Science, as

is stated, gives millions of years as the length of time. There is

positively and absolutely no definite solution of the problem given either in science or in revelation; but the fact is clearly expressed,

and that is all that is sought to be done, that both science and.

490 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

the Prophet Joseph ascribe long periods of time to the formation of the earth.

As to the 77th section, 12th verse of the Doctrine and Covenants, I think that is misread when it is interpreted to mean that the earth is only to continue for seven thousand years. fUndoubtedly "temporal existence"means only the time set that the Lord

has declared shall fulfil the measure of certain of his purposes regarding man; because we are plainly told that at the close of

the seven thousand years "the Lord God will sanctify the earth and complete the salvation of man."This rather would lead us to

infer that there is to be a continuance of earth existence in a more glorified condition. It does not imply that the earth is to be

destroyed; any more than the beginning of man, or the beginning

of the first thousand years, means or indicates that that was the beginning of the formation of the earth. It indicates simply a

period of time between two epochs,and neither marks the beginning nor the end. There may have been numberless ages of our years

between the time called "in the beginning"and until the time when

God said "Let there be light; and there was light. "It is true that in

this twelfth verse we are told that God made the world in six days, but the student will notice that there is a reference to the

Pearl of Great Price, and we are there led to understand that days may mean long periods of time, as it undoubtedly does. In

chapter three of the Book of Moses, we are further confirmed in the idea that day is used as a period, for it is there said: "In the

day that I, the Lord God, made the heavens and the earth."

Here day is made to cover the whole period of creation. As to a

"day''being a thousand years, (II Peter, 3: 8) that does not,

therefore, seem to apply in this case. See also chapter four, Book

of Abraham, where the period of light and darkness is called "time;"and Roberts'Gospel, p. 271, et seq, for a further discussion

of the subject.

The idea to be obtained out of our Manual in regard to these matters is not to settle upon things that are not revealed, and to decide things that cannot be decided; but it is the purpose of the

Manual to show that, in a general way, Joseph Smith the Prophet, by the inspiration of God, announced truths then generally unknown but which have since been declared by men of science-

EDITORS TABLE. 491

It is not our prerogative to decide whether or not all the declarations of scientific men are true or false, but our purpose is to create faith in the divine mission of the prophet Joseph Smith.

In this number of the Era Dr. John A. Widtsoe answers several

questions that have come up in the discussion of this topic in various classes.

Edward H. Anderson.

THE TIMELENGTH OF CREATION.

The age of the earth has been a subject of discussion this season in the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations. The

Manual teaches in lesson seven that though the exact, or even approximate, age of the earth is not known, it is fairly certain that immense time periods, hundreds of thousands or even millions of years in length, were consumed in preparing the earth for man's coming. The Manual teaches further that not only does science

claim this great age for the earth, but that the Prophet Joseph

Smith, in chapter four of the Book of Abraham, taught that the creation of the earth occupied indefinite time periods of great duration. -

Several of the associations have found difficulty in harmonizing the view that the earth is of very high age with statements found in the accepted doctrinal standards of the Church. The

questions that have been received have been carefully summarized and may be answered as follows 1. The account of Moses as recorded in Genesis, first and

second chapters, and also in the Pearl of Great Price, (Book of

Moses, second and third chapters), speaks of six days in which

God created the heavens and the earth. In the original

Hebrew from which Genesis was translated, the word rendered day means literally a time period of indefinite duration. The

account in the Book of Moses, chapter two, is almost wholly a literal transcription of the Mosaic account found in King James'translation of the Bible.

It must not be forgotten that the first few chapters of Gene-.

492 IMPR VEMENT ERA

sis deal with time periods covering the creation and fifteen hundred years of human history. There is no attempt in this part of

the Bible to give more than a panoramic view of mighty events as the stream of infinite time passed by. It does not seem just to

the historian Moses to interpret his picture of the events of creation in terms of hours.

To obviate the necessity of interpreting the word "day"of

Genesis, as a day of twentyfour hours, it has often been suggested that the Apostle Peter (II Peter 3: 8) stated that "one

thousand years are a day unto the Lord,"and that Moses really meant in his account that the Lord required six days of one thousand years each, or six thousand years for the creation of the earth. The Prophet Joseph has corroborated the statement of

Peter that one day according to God's reckoning is one thousand years, and he has explained further that this is so, since the heavenly body, Kolob, which is near the throne of God, requires one thousand years, according to the reckoning of the earth, for a complete revolution upon its axis. This interpretation of the

length of a day before God, has, however, no bearing upon the length of creation, if we assume that the word "day"as used in

Genesis, means a time period of indefinite length. Moreover, by

any or a combination of all the natural processes now known to us, it would have been utterly impossible to create the earth in six thousand years. If supernatural processes were employed, it

is practically as easy to believe that the days of creation were of twentyfour hours as of one thousand years each.

It should be remembered especially well, however, that in

Abraham's version of the creation, as revealed to the Prophet

Joseph, each period of creation is not confined to one day, but to days. In addition it may be noted that in the beginning of Abraham's account, (Abr. 4: 1, 2) it is stated distinctly that the earth

and the heavens were formed first without any reference to time whatever, though the context implies a very great time period.

2. The Prophet Joseph has been reported as teaching that

the earth is made up of fragments of other worlds (Compendium).

The scientific doctrine of the great age of the earth, rests largely upon the evidence of the orderly arrangement of plant and animal fossils in the rocks constituting the upper portion of the earth's

EDITOR'S TABLE. 493

crust. Those who hold to the six day theory of creation, claim

that in accordance with the above quotation from the Prophet

Joseph, these stratified rocks, containing fossils, are fragments of other worlds, and do not represent processes that have taken place on this earth. Why fossils may have been formed on other

worlds, but not on the earth, is nearly as difficult to understand as the doctrine that living, intelligent beings are found only on the earth.

Modern science has developed a doctrine like that of Joseph

Smith, which teaches that heavenly bodies may be made up of fragments of destroyed worlds, but the parts of destroyed worlds which go to build new heavenly bodies are minute, even microscopic in size. There are numerous strong evidences against the

view that large sections of other worlds were brought together to form this earth (see an article by Dr. J. E. Talmage, Improvement

Era, vol 7, p 481). Primarily, it would not be the way of nature,

as we know it. God, who is nature's master, does his work in a

natural manner.

3. The Doctrine and Covenants (section 77: 6, 7, and 12)

teaches very plainly that the earth is to have a temporal existence of seven thousand years. It has been urged that this period begins with the first creative act, and that the first six days of this

seven thousand years were devoted by the Gods to the work of creation. Beyond question, the seven thousand years spoken of

in section 77, date from the time when the earth was completed, and Adam was placed in the Garden of Eden. At any rate those

who do not agree with this cannot accept the doctrine that the earth was made in six days of one thousand years each, for that would make the temporal existence of the earth at least thirteen thousand years.

The more the matter is carefully examined, the firmer grows the belief that the creation of the earth occupied immense time periods, the exact length of which is not yet given to man to know. This view does not in any way discredit the book of books,

the Holy Bible. The Bible must be read with understanding minds;

as a book, it must no more be held to a word, than a man desires so to be held. By verse and chapter and book, the Bible will be

found an accurate, inspired record of the most wonderful and 494 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

valuable events and doctrines of the world. However, it must not

be forgotten that the Apostle Paul has reminded us that "the invisible things of him from the creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made."God

reveals himself in nature; and when nature is read understanding God may thereby in part be comprehended. There is no

conflict between the story of the rocks and the Bible, except as man has made it.

Finally, it must be said that so far as living a correct gospel life is concerned, it matters little whether or not we know the time God consumed in making the earth a fit habitation for man.

John A. vVidtsoe.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS.

From the reportof the Swiss and German mission for the year 1908, we learn that there were 3,074 members of the Church in that mission, that 607 baptisms were performed, and that the missionaries held 132,600 gospel conversations, distributed 803,539 tracts, 14,374 Church works, and held 5,612 meetings.

Elder A. B. Foulger writing from Woodstock, Africa, February 10, says:

"Elder G. M. Cannon, Jr., and myself will leave South Africa for home on the

18th of March by way of the eastern coast, visiting points of interest en route.

We expect to be home some time in June or July."

The Latterday Saints Mission Headquarters and Assembly Hall, Aukland N.

Z., were dedicated January 30 and 31, 1909. They are the first buildings for

European services which the Church has erected in New Zealand. Elder Charles

Hardy, president of the Auckland branch offered the dedicatory prayer. The

Messenger for Feb. 3 and 17 contains an account of the proceedings and portraits

of the beautiful buildings.

The Church building recently purchased by the Latterday Saints and located on Sherman St., Portland, Oregon, was dedicated January 31, the dedicatory

prayer being offered by President Nephi Pratt. President F. S. Bramwell of the

Union stake was in attendance. The Relief Society had furnished carpets, portraits of the First Presidency, sacrament set and table linen, and portraits of the

three Mission Presidents, F. S. Bramwell, Nephi Pratt and Joseph L. Robinson.

Elder George F. Rawson, president of the district comprising that part of

New Zealand which lies north of Auckland and known as the "Bay of Island conEDITOR'S 1ABLE. 495

ference,"writes the Era under date of January 18: "The elders here have mucb

cause to rejoice over the success that has attended their labors. We have many

friends and have many earnest investigators. Our mission paper published in the

native language is one of our best means of spreading the truth. It circulates among

all classes and becomes the topic of conversation, also a means of allaying much prejudice, and opening many doors that otherwise would be shut against us.

Owing to the size and extent of our district, we do most of our traveling

ELDERS OF THE "BAY OF ISLAND CONFERENCE."

Standing: J. Earnest Johnson, Wallace W. Weaver. Oliver Humphreys.

Sitting: George F. Rawson, 0. M. Bates.

on horseback. We labor among the native people almost exclusively.

Having a language to learn, we do but little European work. During the year

1908, we baptized one hundred and four souls, and blessed sixtyfour children.

The work is progressing rapidly in this part. We have several branches organ,

ized, all doing well, and in most of them are Sunday Schools in good working order. We love the work, and enjoy many blessings in laboring for the great cause."

Elder J. David Stevenson writes from Zara, Turkey, February 11, that many

shocks of earthquake were felt in that region from the 5th to the 9th which greatly frightened the inhabitants. All coffee houses where liquor is sold were

closed for the time being. The gospel is progressing, and many believe, but are

not in possession of the moral stamina to be baptized. Several baptisms were

496 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

anticipated by the elders, however, before March 11, when the elders expected to leave.

From a report of President Nephi Pratt in Liahona, The Elder's Journal, it is learned, that in the Northwestern States mission for 1908 there were 117 baptisms, 1,362 members, and 39 elders in the ministry. Three new branches were

organized: Weiser, Idaho; Eugene, Oregon; and Big Timber, Montana; with new

conferences in Bozeman and Great Falls, Montana. The elders sold 412 Books

of Mormon, 25 Doc. and Cov., 1,061 Cowley's Talks, 889 Voice of Warning; distributed 65,864 tracts, held 20,312 gospel conversations, and visited 47,603 families- Conditions in all parts of the mission are improving.

m

r f l

4fc %I** f J ELDERS OF THE BRISTOL CONFERENCE

Laboring in Devon and Cornwall.

Top Row: D. D. Harris, A. Hender, C. E. Lofthouse, A. H. Parkinson, H. H.

Salisbury. Second Row: K. W. Bird, F. I. Hill, Charles G.Jarman,

Prest. J. H. Bowden, E. W. Williams. Front: M. Cope.

From the report of President Peter Sundwall of the Swedish mission, it is learned that in the five conferences of that mission, there are twentyfive branches, with sixtyeight elders and one ladymissionary laboring. There are twentytwo

hundred and four souls belonging to the Church in the mission. During the year

1908, 121 souls were baptized into the Church, and 70 emigrated; 38 died; 168,731

strangers'homes were visited for the purpose of distributing tracts, and 6,956 were visited by invitation; 27,077 gospel conversations were held, and 2,201

EDITOR'S TABLE. 497

meetings; and 272,618 tracts were distributed, and 45,192 books. President

Sundwall is encouraged with the prospects of the work among the Swedish people, and reports to the Millennial Star that there is great need of more missionaries in Sweden, where many opportunities are given to hold meetings, and teach the gospel to the people. He says, furthermore, that the mission is about to pay

more attention to the sale of the Book of Mormon than heretofore. The elders

are united and enjoy the spirit of their calling, and the mission generally is in a satisfactory condition.

MUTUAL WORK.

THE SNOWFLAKE MUTUALS.

Superintendent Joseph W. Smith of Snowflake Stake, writes March 16: "The

Mutuals, in spirit and earnest interest, are well up; and I might say, a little beyond

highwater mark. A number of the associations are already through with the

lessons, with beautiful testimonies of the value of the Manuals. Have just completed a tour of the stake, in part of which I had the pleasant company of Elder

LeRoi C. Snow, who seems to be full of the spirit of the M. I. A. Work. I find

that our slogan: 'Better order for the Mutuals'has borne good fruits. We have

done considerable through the Mutuals, for the Academy Building, and in maDy other lines here at home, we can see the evidences of good work accomplished.

The academy, though somewhat crowded in its present quarters, is having a very successful year."

THE ANNUAL CONFERENCE.

We hope to give particulars of the Annual M. I A. Conference in the next

number which will this year be held on June 5 and 6. I In the meantime secretaries of the wards and stakes should prepare and forward their annual reports (

the ward secretaries to the stake, and the stake secretaries to the General Secretary, Alpha J. Higgs, Salt Lake City.

NEW M. I. A. SONG BOOK.

The Deseret News Book store has issued a third edition of the "Y. M. M. I.

A. and Missionary Hymn and Tune Book,"compiled and arranged by Prof. Evan

Stephens, leader of the Tabernacle choir. The price of this new edition has been

reduced so that it will come within the reach of all M. I. A. workers. The retail

price is 25 cents per copy, or in halfdozen lots or upwards, $2.40 per dozen. The

arrangement and selection tf the music in this wellknown collection is peculiarly adapted to the use of the young men, of our organizations.

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS'TABLE.

Class Leaders.—Very important is the selection of class leaders. Unless

the bishops exercise great care in this matter, the Lesser Priesthood classes will not be successful. Young men these days are so accustomed to good teachers in

the schools that they will not long retain interest in a class where they have an indifferent or illinformed man to teach them. It is a positive injury to the

cause for a teacher to come unprepared. Bad as it is for the students to neglect

their lesson preparations, it is still more reprehensible on the part of the class leader. He above all should be full of resource, and have a plan for every phase

of circumstance that may arise. If his class is unprepared, he should know, on

the moment, what to do, and do it. He is the counselor, the adviser, the leader,

the general; and when he encounters unlooked for circumstances or conditions,

it is his business to mark out a course then and there, so that the precious hour will not be wasted to his class.

It is not well, perhaps, to teach by negative, but an example comes to mind of a class which was visited recently where the whole evening was worse than wasted. The teacher began by asking how many were prepared. Not a hand was

raised; not one student had studied the lesson. Then, to the great chagrin and surprise, as well as disgust of everybody, the teacher said, "Well, I hain't got none

the best of you, 'cause I don't know nothing about the lesson neither."He then

proceeded to talk, and occupied the whole lesson period with a desultory rigmarole that had no reference whatever to the subject outlined, and precious little of either sense or substance.

Now what could he have done, under the condition, if he had been prepared?

He could have stated the lesson to the class, if that had been the best thing to do—of which there may be some doubt. But he was not prepared. Then, if he

had been a good general, he could have found a way out bv suggesting that under the regretable condition, the class take up the time in study. The notes could

have been read, the references looked up and read, the main points discussed and emphasized. There might have been a modest student who knew some point

in the lesson. He could have been called upon to do his best in stating his point.

Or a heart to heart talk could have been made, and the students led to determine that next week no such condition would arise in that class, nor ever thereafter.

The teacher should exercise ingenuity, and study to meet every emergency;

and, it is needless to say, should come prepared to teach, which means to guide,

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS'TABLE. 499

to direct, to impart iostruction. A person who will not put forth effort in this

direction, is not suitable to be a teacher. Even a poorly educated person who

will try to become a teacher will succeed, where a wellinformed man who is indifferent and negligent will score a failure. In selecting teachers these points

should be remembered, and only such men chosen as class leaders as will go about their business in earnest, full of faith, prayer and determination to succeed.

Labors of the Priesthood.—As early as 1832, the Lord commanded the

first elders of the Church to organize themselves, to prepare themselves and to sanctify themselves; to purify their hearts, and to cleanse themselves before the

Lord, that they might be clean from the blood of the wicked generation in which they lived. He also told them to continue in fasting and prayer from this

time forth; and laid particular stress upon the commandment that they were to

teach one another the doctrine of the kingdom: "Teach ye diligently, and my

grace shall attend you, that you may be instructed more perfectly in theory, inprinciple, in doctrine, in the law of the gospel, and in all things that pertain unto the kingdom of God, that are expedient for you to understand; of things both in

heaven and in earth and under the earth; things which have been, things which

are, things which must shortly come to pass: things which are at home, things

which are abroad; the wars and the perplexities of the nations, and the jug

ments which are on the land, and a knowledge also of countries and kingdoms that ye may be prepared in all things when I shall send you again to magnify the calling whereunto I have called you, and the mission with which I have commissioned you."

This labor is still incumbent on the elders of the Church; and, in fact, upon

all who hold the priesthood. We want the Church to be mighty in power to win

men. We want it to be a source of light in the darkness; and a "source of

everlasting light in the wilderness."To this end our duty is to show men the

way to true happiness, for men are that they may have joy. Our religion i.- a

practical one and is very closely related to human happiness. It is very precious

because it answers our questions, and reveals to us things we must know in.

order to be happy.

Happines in life is based upon two important considerations and these were expressed by Christ, when he washed the feet of his disciples, and exhorted them to follow him in humility and love: "If ye know these things, happy are ye if jedo them."Therein lies the whole secret of happiness—knowing and doing,

understanding and acting; to gain knowledge, to act upon the truth obtained

here we have the pillars upon which to build our palace of joy. It is our f;iith

and our works, our religion and our lives so intertwined that out of the resulting harmony is bred the soul of happiness. The new priesthood movement has this

object in view. It seeks not only to inculcate the wisdom and necessity of learning all the instructions and principles given in the revelations of God in good

books and in nature, but summons the priesthood with persuasive voice to act upon the truths learned and believed. If the grand army of men who hold the

priesthood may be impressed with these facts in the studies now presented, the.

500 IMPR VEMENT ERA

lessons will not have been considered in vain. It will make them happy. Let

not the practical, the work division of the lessons, be neglected.

Work and Play.—It was Ruskin who defined work and play in these words:

'Play is an exertion of body or mind made to please ourselves, and with no determined end; and work is a thing done because it ought to be done, and with a

determined end."How do you class the duties of your calling in the priesthood?

After thinking it over for a moment you will doubtless come to the conclusion that they are work. Then you would naturally enquire, "In my priesthood work

whdt is the end in view?"The life of Christ would answer that, and this should

be our example as far as our weakness shall permit us to follow it. To learn

and to do the will of the Father; to overcome temptation; to teach and preach the

gospel without price, and to call men to repentance; to administer to the sick; to

reprove the wicked; to devote of our days and means to the welfare of our fellows, and to unselfishly do good to all men;—these are some of our practical

labors, and they demand the earnestness of work and the joy of play.

What High Priests are Doing.—Elder N. V. Jones, president of the

High Priests of the Granite stake of Zion.has reported on the division of the priest,

hood under his care, and states to President Frank Y. Taylor that there are 313

High Priests in the stake, 83 of whom are over 70 years of age. This is how

they are engaged: 43 are stake officers; 53 are members of bishoprics; 105 are

doing duty in the auxiliary organizations; 9 are patriarchs; 36 are infirm, and 88

are not engaged in any Church work. That is not a bad showing for a quorum,

sometimes accused of being inactive.

How to Win the Boys.—Associate with the boys.andyour influence will

help them rise. Away from them, with the same virtue and power, it will not

reach them. Finally, "Only what thou art in thyself, determines thy value."

Artificial trappings are of no real worth, remember that. If we work upon

marble, it will perish. If we work upon brass, time will efface it. If we rear

temples, they will crumble into dust. But if we work upon immortal minds, imbue

them with a just fear of God, and their fellow men, we inscribe upon those tablets that which brightens throughout all eternity, and when we meet beyond the veil, where our true relationship will be understood, the helped will be our helpers; and the movement tor good which was started upon earth shall vibrate ettrnally throughout the immensity of space. H. E. Iverson, Bear River.

Want to be Counted In.—One of the bishops in the Oneida Stake of Zion

excused a number of the High Priests on account of their age from attending the

Monday night meetings. They demurred at this, and some of them are now

traveling seven or eight miles in order to be present at the class. Another bishop

reported that the Monday night meetings are more of a success than any priesthood gathering ever before held in the ward.

EVENTS AND COMMENTS.

BY EDWARD H. ANDERSON.

Geronimo.—Geronimo, the unreconstructed Apache Indian Chief, who had

been under arrest and a prisoner for twenty years since he was captured by General

Miles in 1886, died some weeks ago at the age of about ninety years. He died

unreconciled to the new conditions, and with great hatred to the white man. Some

years ago he dictated his autobiography which is said to be ''a characteristic human document"of singular interest and sincerity.

President Taft's. Inaugural Address.—The President declared his purpose

to sustain and enforce the reforms initiated by his predecessor, and stated he would submit to Congress in December definite suggestions on needed amendments to the antitrust law and the interstate commerce law. Other things advocated

were: Adequate provision for the army and navy; currency reform; tariff revision

at the extra session of Congress to be called March 15; the establishment of postal

savings banks; encouragement of foreign trade by mail subsidies; energetic progress in ihe building of the Panama canal; a conservation of the resources of the

United States; the negro question to be handled by the south, and the enforcement

of th9 15th amendment by proper legislation; and a continuance of Roosevelt's

attitude toward labor.

William H. Taft, President of the United States.- On March 4. at

Washington, William Howard Taft was inaugurated President of the United States, with James Schoolcraft Sherman as VicePresident. Owing to a severe blizzard,

of sleet, wind and snow, which everybody considered a calamity, the inaugural cremony for the first time in 75 years took place in the Senate chamber instead of in the open, at the portico, of the east front of the capitol as had been contemplated. At night the inaugural ball, with its magnificently gowned women,

gorgeously uniformed diplomats, superb decorations, and entrancing music, made up for the curtailed inauguration ceremonies of the morning, to those who were fortunate enough to be there. The oath of office was administered to Mr. Taft

by Chief Justice Puller, and to Mr. Sherman by the retiring VicePresident Mr.

Fairbanks.

Dedication of New Meetinghouse.—The new Latterday Saints meetinghouse, built by the Saints of Cokeville, Wyo., with some help from the Church,

was dedicated on Friday afternoon, Feb. 12, by President Joseph R. Shepherd of

the Bear Lake Stake of Zion, and his counselors, Brothers W. W. Richards and

W. L. Rich. The Montpelier choir, and many other friends of the cause, came to

502 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Cokeville to assist in the dedication, which was very appropriate and instructive.

The building'is twentyfive by forty feet, and cost $2,000, including seating. It

is all paid for. A splendid program was rendered in the evening, and a rich banquet was served in the public hall, where the Saints formerly met. Three long

tables were spread with the best of everything, and the good sisters who arranged

The new Latterday Saints Meeting House at Cokeville, Wyo., Dedicated Feb.

12, 1909. Size 25 by 40 feet; cost $2,000 including seats.

the banquet, invited all the people of Cokeville to partake of their hospitality free. All denominations attended, and all had a royal, fraternal, and enjoyable

time. An interesting account of the affair was sent by our old friend Elder James

Dwyer, who has the thanks of the Era for the courtesy, and who, by the by, has taken a most impoitant part, not only in aiding to get an organization of the

Church at Cokeville, but also in the erection of the new building,

Close of the (JOth Congress.—On the 4th of March, the 60th Congress

completed its work.

One of the most important enactments made during its closing hours was the new penal code. One of the provisions of the new penal code forbids the shipment

of liquor "C. 0. D.,"and makes the transportation of liquor in interstate commerce unlawful unless it is consigned to bonafide consignees, and each package is

labeled with the name of the consignee and an exact description of the contents.

This provision is intended to make more difficult the shipment of liquor from "wet"to "dry"states.

EVENTS AND COMMENTS. 503

A bill passed which permits such of the soldiers of the 25th Infantry as can prove their innocence in the Brownsville affray to be reinstated.

Another important measure is the bill to amend and consolidate the copyright laws This measure extends the copyright period from 14 to 28 years, and gives foreign authors a period of 60 days in which to arrange for publication in this country.

The President's salary was fixed at $75,000 instead of $50,000, but other salary increases failed. The bill conferring statehood upon Arizona and New Mexico

was laid on the Senate table by a vote of 47 to 35; and the steamship subsidy bill

was defeated in the house by a vote of 175 to 172. The forest reserve bill was

not acted upon in the Senate but passed by a vote of 157 to 147 in the House.

The appropriations for the short session was $1,048,543,659.50, and for the

two sessions, $2,056,941,203.06.

The New Cabinet.—On Saturday morning, 10:30 o'clock, March 6, six

members of President William H. Taft's Cabinet took the oath of their offices,

administered in the executive offices of the White House by Chief Justice Fuller.

Following is the personnel of the Cabinet:

Secretary of State—Philander C. Knox, of Pennsylvania.

Secretary of the Treasury—Franklin MacVeagh of Illinois, was sworn in

March 15.

Secretary of War—Jacob M. Dickinson, of Tennessee, took the oath of office

March 8.

AttorneyGeneral—George W. Wickersham, of New York, took the oath of

office March 5.

PostmasterGeneral—Frank H. Hitchcock, of Massachusetts.

Secretary of the Navy—George von L. Meyer, of Massachusetts.

Secretary of the Interior—Richard A. Ballinger, of Washington.

Secretary of Agriculture—James Wilson, of Iowa.

Secretary of Commerce and Labor—Charles Nagel, of Missouri.

In order to make Mr. Knox eligible, Congress passed a special bill, thus obviating a constitutional bar. He is said to be the strongest man in the Cabinet

and the best man available to succeed Mr. Root. Competent opinion of the press

of the country indicates thai the President's advisers on the whole are well chosen.

Even that political iconoclast Harper's Weekly, says:

"As a group the new Cabinet falls measurably below the high standard fixed by President Hayes, for example, but clearly it is a TaftKnox, not a Roosevelt, aggregation, and seems likely to work harmoniously and effectively."

Theodore Roosevelt.—"Now that Mr. Roosevelt has vacated the White

House,"says one editor, reported in the Literary Digest, "the nation will feel like the city man who went to the country to gain perfect rest and couldn't sleep because there was no noise."Pres. Roosevelt may have been noisy, but he made

a noise to a - purpose, and we believe firmly with President Wm. H. Taft, as expressed in Collier's Weekly; "When the friction of the last few months shall be

forgotten, when the mists of momentary irritation shall have disappeared, the.

504 1MPR VEMENT ERA.

greatness of Theodore Roosevelt, as President and leader of men, in one of the great moral movements of the country's history, will become clear to every one, and he will take his place in history with Washington and Lincoln."He is as

intensely popular and loved, as he is intensely disapproved and hated; but the class

who disapprove and hate him are people who have been set right by his policies that have tended to that great moral awakening in methods of business and politics which has been witnessed in the United States in the past seven years. His

moral reforms will better the nation for ages to come; and, the devotion of his

countrymen who admire him as a statesman and love him as a writer and preacher of righteousness, will increase as time goes on. Here is a significant record of

his administration taken from the Literary Digest:

1. Conservation of National Resources:

Extension of Forest Reserves.

National Irrigation Act—next in importance to the Homestead Act.

Steps toward improvement of waterways, and reservation of waterpowers for national benefit.

2. Railroad and Industrial Legislation:

Hepburn Rate Act.

Employers'Liability Act.

Safety Appliance Act.

Regulation of the hours of labor of railroad employes.

Establishment of a Department of Commerce and Labor.

Pure Food and Drugs Act, Federal meat inspection, and inspection of packing-houses.

3. Enforcement of the Law:

NorthernSecurities case.

Conviction of publicland thieves.

Conviction of postoffice grafters.

Many successful suits, civil and criminal, against railroad rebaters, etc.

4. Improvement of the National Defenses:

The Navy doubled in strength and increased in efficiency.

State Militia brought into coordination with the Army.

Battleship fleet sent around the world.

5. Our Dependencies and Foreign Relations:

Acquisition of the Canal Zone and active work on the Panama Canal.

Development of civil government in the Philippines.

Development of trade in the Philippines, Porto Rico, and Hawaii.

Second intervention in Cuba, and reestablishment of Cuban government.

Reorganization of the finances of Santo Domingo

Establishment of better relations with the republics of South America.

Settlement of the Alaskan boundary dispute.

The RootTakahira agreement.

Negotiation of several important arbitration treaties.

Reorganization of the consular service.

6. The Treaty of Portsmouth Between Japan and Russia.

7. Settlement of the Coal Strike of 1902 by the President's Intervention.

The Remington AutoLoading Shotgun "BROWNING'SPATENT"

It v? as the Remington Autoloading Shotgun, 'in the hands of an amateur,

that won the recent Grand American Handicap against 495 contestants. It is

the PERFECT gun for trap and field.

Send for our 150 page catalog; it is free. We have "Everything for

Every Sport in Every Season."

Ogdca, Utah.BROWNING BROS. CO.,

19081909 ReadingCourse MIA BOOKS

FOR JUNIORS

"The Last of the Mohicans"Cooper. 40c

"Cortez"Abbott 40c FOR SENIORS "A Tale of Two Cities,"Dickens... 40c

.. "Hypatia,"Kingsley. 40c

"Joseph Smith, the ProphetTeacher"B.

H. Roberts 75c

This is a little booklet of 74 pages printed on heavy deckleart paper, in special type, with artistic lettering, and beautifully bound in cloth. It will prove very helpful as supplementary reading to the Seventies'year book and

the Young Men's senior manual.

Send to Improvement Era, 214 Templeton Building

Salt Lake City, for these books. Cash

must accompany orders

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

Spring: Suits for Hen, Boys

I.and Children at Z. C. Fl.

We never had a nicer display. Every

suit shows the unmistakable hand fashioning of mastertailors and is correct down to the minutest details of fashion, fabric, finish and fit. Prices range from

$15.00 to $U0.00

Every new shape in stiff and soft Hats in black and the correct spring line shades—splendid

of Men's Furnishings.

Don't seek to farm more acres but make your land produce more bushels

'Manure SpreaderBuy a "Cloverleaf

FRESH riANURE IS BEST FOR THE SOIL.

The best results are obtained by applyingfresh manure, because it contains all of the plant food elements. Manure in rotting goes through a chemical action which liberates a large per cent of the elements that are very

essential as plant food. When manure is permitted to decay in the s-oil the

chemical action which it passes through has a benefi ial effect upon the soil because it liberates substances in the soil that would not be available to the plant otherwise THE CLOVERLEAF"SPREADER IS THE BEST.

Tin "Cloverleaf"manure spreader Is unexcelled for good work. No matter bow coarse

or fine the manure may be. it will handle it ia the best manner to produce the desired results. The principal purpose of the 'Cloverleaf"spreader is the distribution of manure,

but it may be used for other purposes such as distributing corn stalks, corn cobs, straw, commercial fertilizer, lime, ashes, dirt, salt, etcetera. This spreader can always be relied

upon when you want it to work. The apron delivers the manure evenly to the beater,

whether the machine is adjusted for heavy or light distributing, and the beater tears the coarsest chunks into fine pieces and throws them out uniformly.

SOLD IN UTAH AND IDAHO BY Consolidated Wagon & Hachine Co.

Leading Implement Dealers. GEO. T. ODELL, Gen'l Jlgr.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)