The Improvement Era September 1960

Looking to an Era of Challenge and Excellence

Great new milestones will be marked by Brigham scholarship. The semester system, which is used by

Young University with the opening of autumn semesmost universities, will allow closer coordination with ter this month. Although it can look back on an illusthe high schools, provides more solid courses and

trious history of 85 years during which it has become eliminates fringe classes, provides more study time beone of the great universities of the world, the Church cause there is less "starting and stopping"machinery university also now looks forward to an exciting era during the year.

of challenge and excellence. But regardless of change, the eternal values of

In its constant, intensive striving for high academic spiritual growth will always remain at BYU. Here the

standards, the University is expanding its campus student may receive balanced education because reliwith beautiful new buildings like the library, above, gious training is combined with the academic and has increased scholarships, inaugurated a new Honors physical in an ideal social climate. Plan now to

Program for gifted students, and fostered appreciaattend.

tion for excellence in the entire student body.

Also this year BYU will change over to the semester -REMEMBER THESE DATES system from the quarter system in the interest of

Orientation Sept. 2124

Registration Sept. 2627

lip Ij Classes Begin Sept. 28

TO: Public Relations Department

Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah

Please send me free of charge additional information about Brigham Young University. I am especially interested Brigham Young

in - NAME UNIVERSITY ADDRESS

CITY STATE

All the flavor is not in the cheese

(or the salad or dip or soup, or whatever you serve with Saltine Crackers by Purity)

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

Enrs Differential Timing Dr. J. Donald Harris of the U.S.

Medical Research Laboratory has called attention to the ear's ability to distinguish a difference in arrival time as of little as six millionths of a second of a short burst of noise at the eardrums when all other physical factors are kept constant.

Bacon Beetle Growth Dependent on Humidity The rate of growth of the bacon beetle larvae may be up to three times as rapid in an atmosphere of 80 percent relative humidity as in an atmosphere of only 40 percent relative humidity.

Blood Types of Seals Research by scientists in Japan Your favorite cheese or cheese spread—tastyand the United States has found fourdifferent blood types in North as it may be—is even more delicious with the

Pacific Ocean fur seals which disperky flavor of Saltines by Purity... so fresh

tinguish certain individuals from the majority of the seals tested. and crackling crisp, so really special.

When the appetizer, or the snack,

Tides in the Ocean calls for crackers, taste what a

The tides in the oceans move enormous amounts of water; and difference Saltines by

where there is an estuary, a tide Purity makes.may reach a difference of over 50

feet in level as at the Bay of Fundy between New Brunswick and Nova

Scotia in eastern Canada. Twice a

day 100 billion tons of water move in and out of the Bay of Fundy, about 70 times the daily volume of the Mississippi River at New Orleans.

In France, work was begun in 1956 to harness the tides of the Ranee

River, two miles upstream from St.

Malo, Brittany, half equaling a At your favorite grocer'smillion tons of coal proin power duction a year when completed in in 1 and 2 pound cartons 1963.

PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Loke Phoenix Pocatello

SEPTEMBER I960 609 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, i.-j:3S and other agencies of the

Church of Jesus Christ of fyJ: i'J.M.r'Latterday Saints.

Contents for September 1960 Volume 63f Number 9

Church Features

President David O. McKay, a Tribute, A. Hamer Reiser 623 ART AND PHOTO CREDITS:

Service, Editor's Page: Love One Another, Presidefit David O. McKay 625 Cover,622623Church Information

Wiggins, Lorin 628, 629 Resurrection Since Question: the Resurrection of Your Our Lord,

Kilbourn, 630, 634 President Fielding Joseph Smith 626 DaleDeseret News, 636

John Davenport, 638 The Church Moves On, 616; Melchizedek Priesthood Page, Is Your Priesthood Reactivation Virginia Sarti;ent, 640

Program Working? 674; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 676. FrankLambertL. Photos,Remington,643 644

BYU Motion Picture Dep't., 676

Siegfried Widmar, 678, 679 Era staff, 632, 633, 638, 646, 649,

Special Features 650, 680 Get Understanding, Hugh B. Brown 627

1500 FamiHes in the South, James M. Black 632

Set Apart, Sterling W. Sill 634

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., Receives Honorary Master M Man Award 636

Experiments in Teaching True Christian Living, W. W. Richards. 638

Fire Fighters Supreme, Fran/c L. Remington 644

Family Hobby: Stamp Collecting, Russell Raymond Voorhees 646

THE ERA OF YOUTH Center section, between 648 & 649

The Spoken Work from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 660, 668, 672, 686

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 609; These Times: The Inarticulate Campaign

Issue, G. Homer Durham, 612; Letters and Reports, 620.

THE COVER: Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

thee, for thank a prophet "We O God,..."latter guide in these us days. To

It's in the Bag 678 Can Carefully -... 682 hisPresidenteightyseventhDavid O. birthdayMcKay willSeptembermark 8th

(probably at his desk in the Church

The Last Word 688 AdministrationThursday meetingbuildingof Generaland Authoritiesat a in the Salt Lake Temple).

This character sketch in black and white photography is the work of Stories, PoetryFernand Rausser, Bern, Switzerland.

Aunt Jody—Conclusion, Albert R. Lyman 630

Belated Rendezvous, Ezra- J. Paulson 640

Little Singing Pine, Harold Heifer. 649

Poetry 648, 651, 652, 654, 656, 659, 662, 669, 670, 687

The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, 11, Utah

Editors; Editor; David and O. Editor; L. Evans, Richard Associate Elizaretii Maura

Production Editorial McKayEditor; DoyleEditor; Associate: Editor; Alrert FamiUj Today'sMiina'infz Pinnock, C. Kinnear,A/arioijini: C. FlorenceJosephson, L.JohnChefn', MarionJ.D.Moffitt,Hanks,

Editor; Associate Directors. Youth Editor; The Era I\alph Art Reynolds ElaineL. Zouei.l, The Era Cannon,Jr., Research of and Ed Mahvon,B. of Youth

Arciurald F. liENNETT, G. HoMER DuRHAM, Franklin S. Harris, JR., MiLTON R. HuNTEB, HucH NiRLEY. SiDNEY B. Sperry, Contributing Editors.

ThayerJoseph T.E\'ans,Reniley,EcgioualGeneralAdvertisingManager; Reircscniatice.Rertha S. Ueedeb, Associate General Manager; Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscrijttion Director;

C(i]n resL-i\ec!.ri;.lit Snbseription1960 by.MutiuilpriceFunds,.$.3.00 aInc.,year,iindin advance;publisliedforeignby thesubscriptions,Mutual Imprc)\ement$3.50 a year,A.ss()ciationsin advance;of the50c Cliurclisingle copy,of Jesuse.\eeptChristfor ofspecialLatterdayi.ssues.Saints. All riglits

Entered of Oetolierat 1917,the PostauthorizedOffice, JulySalt 2,Eake1918.Citv, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailinc; at special rate of postage pro\'ided for in section 1103. Act

Theii wordImprovementand must beEraaccompaniedis not responsibleby sufficientfor iinsoliciledpostage formanuscriptsdeli\ery andbut retin-n,\veIcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of XVic Cover lithographed in full color

Tliirtyclwngesdays'cannotnoticebe madeis requiredunless thefor oldcliangeaddressof address.as well as Whenthe neworderingone is"included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address by Deseret News Press.

610 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA You save $2 when you buy these leatherbound books in the set rather 1. TOWARD A BETTER LIFE Mark E. Petersen than individually.

Choice collection of Conference Addresses, speeches, and *// indexed Missionarticles by Elder Petersen appealing to all readers, young ary Bible is desired, and old, including "On My Honor"(talk given at last cost will be $1.50

General Conference—April, 1960), Honor Above Victonj, more or total of

Know For Yourself, Inventory Time, Suffer the Children, $34.00 for set.

etc. 3.50,, 2. JOSEPH SMITH, the MAN 4. THE THREAT OF COMHyrum L Andm* the SEER and - WORLD

of Andrus, Dr. Brigham Young UniMUNISM

Ezra Toft Bentei! versity, BROTHERHOOD has gathered material new

from eyewitnessesTwo dynamic addresses delivered by Secrefriends and foes tary of Agricuhure Ezra Taft Benson in that gives new inApril, 1960 The Threat of Communism, sight into the charin General Conference: World Brotheracter and spiritual hood, to Salt Lake Civic groups.

of the powers Prophet. Many of Mrcthahmd I "IP.35

these accounts have Naiiiiiliii never been pubiiiiiiiiiii lished before. 2.50 DQ5QrctfeiBooh (o:

44 East South Temple -- Salt Lake City. Utah

JOSEPH DESERET BOOK COMPANY 3. TRUE TO. Temple East South 44

THE FAITH SaltGentlemen:Lake City, Utah

Harold B. Lee Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money order ( ) I have

an account. Please charge. Amount enclosed $

Young people, frustrated and dis- ( ) New IDS Missionary Library Set (32.50)

couraged by materialistic philosophies ( ) Set with indexed Missionary Bible (34.00)

of our times, will find hope and salvaFollowing encircled (numbered) books: 12 3 4.

tion in this heartto-heart talk by Name

Elder Lee that directs them back to the pure and timeless Laws of God. Address

.50 City Residents of Utah include Zone2V2% salesState...tax.

SEPTEMBER I960 611 FOR THE These Times BEST YEARS OF YOUR LIFE ENJOY THE uu

The Inarticulate

Campaign Issue BY G. HOMER DURHAM

Vice President, University of Utah

Get the most out of those A major issue in the 1960 presiPopular government is an effort wonderful college years both dential campaign may never become to make government responsive to in learning and enjoyment articulate—in the United States. Inthe wishes of the people. In the

at one of America's foremost formed quarters abroad may discuss words of the Declaration of Indeuniversities, the University it. The matter may be brushed only pendence, "Governments are instiof Utah. lightly by nominees and speech tuted among men, deriving their just

makers before American audiences. powers from the consent of the g,ovCo//eges of insfruction include: The issue itself, by its very terms, erned."But those who come to

Education Medicine appears to be no issue at all. To power by the processes of consent

Business Fine Arts that extent it is deceptive and elumay be unwilling to wield necessary

Law Pharmacy sive. It is real, nevertheless. The power on some occasions for fear

Nursing Engineering issue is whether or not the American of becoming "unpopular."Popular

Graduate School government is strong enough to stand government therefore needs leaders

Mines & Minerals the internal pressures placed upon who respect the people but do not

Letters & Science it. Strength means adequate confear becoming, on occasion, personstitutional authority plus the willally unpopular.

ingness to use it. The deceptive The governed grant consent for

Check the special advantages external freely rather action citizens aspect believe when is that most and opportunities offered acts quickthreats appear. Congress auYOU! the has government too much

Freshman Registration, thority alreadv, and that those in ly, the President directs firmly, the flexes its muscles, are too willing to use it. This administration SEPT.22 power lend ready and the people generally always be true. may not

Other Students Register, The government of the United support. But when the time comes

SEPT. 2324 States is probably strong enough to for the government to steer a strong

stand and withstand external presand steady course with the farm

Class work to start, sures. But a different situation problem, the labor problem, or other

SEPT. 26 exists with respect to internal afiFairs. internal situations of moment, it is

The key to understanding lies in the a different story. It should be.

For full information write: fact that (in Lincoln's phrase) we James Madison in the tenth FederalOffice of the President attempt to have government for, by, ist paper argued that "the extent"

UNIVERSITY ment"and of istheonepeople.of the "Popularphrases politicalgovernandwas such"nature"as to ofpreventthe federalany "faction"union

OF UTAH science"by"theusespeople.to describe government from dominating[Continuedthe wholeon pagesystem.663)

SaltLake City, Utah

612 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Tired of fabrics that come out of your automatic harsh and scratchy? Then you're ready for White King Soap

For this is the washday product that removes only dirt -even deepdown dirtyet leaves the gentle softness in

Rinses clear, too - leaves none of the harsh deposits of ordinary washday products that stiffen fabrics. No wonder more of

(White 1-2 way. King Try White the easy WATER PROBLEM?HARD in the West

water and saves years."Softens Soap). King King your neighbors use White King Soap "Qualifyfor 100 Conditioner White and SoftenerWater

you up to onehalf on soap. See package for directions. than all other laundry soaps combined, 1960

SEPTEMBER 1960 CHOOSE FROM THE FINEST OR OLDER CLASSICS.,. YOU'VE BEEN MEANING TO BUY NEW BOOKS

jv,,.**?!*"****

"1 1 *!

L'Tl TRUTHS |)6FlNt1)

"Religious Truths Defined"by Joseph Fielding Smith, Jr., compares LDS doctrine

with the beliefs of other Christian faiths. Treois

such important subjects s the Godhead, the prexistence, the foil end atonement, the apostasy;

tc.

HOW THE LDS BOOKS CLUB PLAN HOW TO JOIN...

SAVES YOU UP TO 20% HOW TO GET YOUR BOOKS

You join by ordering one or more of the books

With every four books you buy you receive a fifth pictured above. Each month you will receive re-

... book free... thus you get five choice Church views of several carefully selected books

with one being named book of the month. If you

books for the price of four. A long list of bonus wish to receive the top book, you do nothing—it

will be sent to you postpaid along with a statebooks will be provided from which you make your ment. If you do not want the book, you return

selection. Dozens of marvelous Church books ore the postcard provided for an alternate or none at

all. You may order as few as one book every

available through the club and carry bonus credit, three months to keep your membership active.

FILL OUT AND MAIL THIS COUPON NOW

SAVINGS up to 20% LDS Books Club, P.O. Box 385, Sat Lake City 7, Utaii

I ondwantsendthe me:finest"Religiouslibrary Truthsavailab'e.Defined,"Enroll$3.95me ( in );the"Leadership,"LDS Books CONVENIENCE Club

Bosic Vol. I, $3.95 ); Course ( in Genealogy,""A

the ); Chrrsf,"of ( the); ProphetVol. 2, ( $3.50 ( ); "Teachings "Jesus of books delivered to S3.95$3.50

your door Joseph Smith,"$3.50 ( ); "Discourses of Brigham Young,"$3.50 ( ).

METHODICAL way to Name add to your library Address BEST NEW LDS BOOKS City State

OLDER LDS CLASSICS Amount(Utah residentsof checkaddor money2V2% salesorder tax.)encfose-J:If you$ do not wish to muti'ate

this page, send information required on separate sheet. (Sept. 1960)

614 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "YOU AND YOUR NEW COURSE ByMARRIAGE"Hugh B. Brown

Drawing upon years of experience as a practicing attorney, serviceman's coordinator OF STUDY and marriage consultant, E!der Brown carefully covers downto-earth problems of

its rare insight. FOR MUTUAL marriagehusband andin suchwifea willfascinatingenjoy way that every

Tells how to get the most out of marriage some things you may be missing. Danger

MARRIEDS spotsFact—revealed,not fiction!how to avoid the pitfalls.$2.75

"EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS"By Or. John A. Widtsoe

Arronged by G. Homer Durham

Originally printed in three volumes, this authoritative reference work hat been compressed into one handy book in response to increasing demand. It contains all the

original information... only duplications

have been eliminated. Provides clear answers

to puzzling, perplexing, and frequently asked gospel questions. Should be In every LOS

library. $3.95

Highly profitable LDS Publications franchises are 0KC4 available! For full BOOKCRAFT now

particulars on how you can obtain a franchise in your area, phone, write or IS EXPANDING!

wire immediately. 'Mr iA

SEPTEMBER 1960 615 BENNETrS KriliKote INSTANT PAINT The Church Moves On

June 1960

JUST OPEN AND STIR Elder Ralph T. Rolapp, formerly second counselor to President John M. Russon of the Los Angeles Stake, sustained as

first counselor succeeding Elder James C. Perkins. Elder

John Henry Webster sustained as second counselor.

The Susquehanna Aaronic Priesthood Memorial Monument was dedicated at the Township of Oakland (formerly Harmony), Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania, by Presiding

Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin. Here the Aaronic Priesthood was

restored to the Prophet Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery by John the Baptist, May 15, 1829. Other speakers on the dedication program were Elders Thorpe B. Isaacson and Carl W. Buehner of the

Presiding Bishopric. Musical selections were by the bearers of the

Aaronic Priesthood from the New Jersey, New York, and Washington stakes, and by the congregation.

Elder David H. Yarn, Jr., and Edith B. Bauer appointed

to the general board of the Deseret Sunday School Union.

pj Puget Sound Stake, the 299th stake of the Church, was organized by Elder Harold B. Lee of the Council of the Twelve

and Elder William J. Critchlow, Jr., Assistant to the Council

of the Twelve, from portions of Tacoma (Washington) Stake, with

Elder Herbert S. Anderson sustained as president and Elders LuDene

P. Snow and Walter Gehring as counselors. Elder Owen H. Dickson

sustained as president of Tacoma Stake succeeding President Elvin

E. Evans. President Dickson's counselors are Elders Elmer C.

Larson and Delos B. Price.... For about a year, beginning in

1897, active missionary work was carried on in Oregon, Washington, and northern Idaho, under the direction of the Oneida Stake of southern Idaho. The efforts grew into the Northwestern States

Mission.

CLEAN UP WITH WATER Easier painting! No solvents. No fumes. No mess. The First Presidency announced the creation of the West

Bennett's KriliKote comes ready to use (if tiiinMexican Mission by a division of the Northern Mexican ning is desired, just add water). Gives walls a rich Mission, embracing the northwestern area of Mexico from

flat finish, cures to a tough film that's washable. the United States border south along the Sierra Madre mountain

1,322 Colorizer colors! range to the northern border of the Mexican Mission which extends

across midMexico from Tepic on the west to Tampico on the east coast of Mexico. The new mission is to include Baja (Lower)

California. Headquarters for the mission are expected to be established in Elder E. Turley, Obregon. Harold Ciudad bishop now CoCiyuzem First of the called as El Paso (Texas) president has been Ward

of the mission. The first elders (Continued on page 658)B5 W. 1st South PAINTS21st So. & 2nd West* Bennett's Branches

and Dealers in the Intermountain Area and So. California

616 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WHO'S RIDING ON YOUR TIRES? someone worth

the particular care tires get... when you stop for Chevron

gasolines. Whether you need Chevron Supreme or Chevron,

you can count on one of them to give you the highest SUPREME... highpowered premium for

performance your car can deliver. Whatever you drive... all highcompression cars

and wherever you drive... you'll get onthe-road proof that CHEVRON...top performance economy

we take better care of your car! grade for ail "regular"users

standard Stations, Inc. / Chevron Unsurpassed products and service DealersM

SEPTEMBER 1960 617.

BECAUSE REDWOOD CONVEYS A FEELING

OF WARMTH AND SIMPLE DIGNITY it is pariiculariy suitable for buildings sucli as this fiandsome churcli. Tiie siding of sawtextured

.redwood will weatlier beaut ifuliy and naturally..

is in perfect harmony with the rustic setting.

j!

iT*'Landscape Architect: Eric Armstrong Architect: Campbell & Wong

THE BEAUTY AND DURABILITY of redwood make this versatile BECAUSE REDWOOD has a high degree of dimensional wood the logical choice for terrace decks. Because the heartwood stability, it is often used for such imaginative design eleof redwood contains its own natural preservatives, it is highly resistant ments as this sliding grille. Note, too, how the redwood is

to decay and insect attack. used here to relate interior with exterior.

There's good reason why redwood can be used so effectively so many ways!

-viS Few woods, If any, can compare with the ability of redwood to meet the most critical requirements of both the architect

and owner. In the first place, redwood has an appealing, natural beauty, a rich textural quality, an almost infinite

variety of color tones and grain patterns. Redwood also has a number of unique physical characteristics that make

it highly resistant to decay, time and the elements, Redwood can therefore be used inside or out, for fine

interior paneling or garden furniture, for this is the most versatile of woods.

ss A// the wonderful warmth of. lastingly yours In redwood.

CALIFORNIA REDWOOD ASSOCIATION 576 SACRAMENTO STREET SAN FRANCISCO CRACERTIFIED KILN DRIED REDWOOD

BECAUSE REDWOOD'S cell structure provides natural insulation, this school is more economical to heat in the winter, easier to keep cool during hot weather. Redwood is also noted for its fireresistant characteristics.

Architect: Alonzo Harriman, Inc.

l'*> i: VOURE AT HOME...AT SEA! Letters

Crossing to Europe or cruising to vacationlands, you'll feel right at home aboarda Cunarder! Your accommodations will and

be spacious, elegant, delightfully comfortable. Your meals, specially preparedfrom Cunard's famed international cuiReports

sine, will provide a new, wonderful experience in dining. You'll enjoy the interest- r iK IS ffi ffis

ing variety of shipboard activities... 'tai

a chance to meet congenial companions.

The service will be flawless, considerate, complete—backed by Cunard's 120 years

of seagoing experience.

GO CUNARD—for widest choice of

sailings, ships, and accommodations to

Europe. Yearround—an average of

three sailings every week from New

York including the Queen Elizabeth and

Queen Mary, world's largest superliners.

CRUISE CUNARDfor your choice of exciting cruise vacations. Cruising or Pictured above is the only all Maori Scout troop in the world. The 1st Raninui

crossing, Cunard offers a seagoing resort Troop, Jtidea Branch, Tauranga, New Zealand, was organized two 3'ears ago. With

all of mission tliis year troops that beginning over the it is expected branch MIAvacation you'll never forget! tlie

left to right, troops Pictured, other will example. Ranginni follow the all Maori Troop

are: (Back row) P. Kohu, Patrol leader; D. Matthews; L. Kohu, Patrol Leader; J. Kohu;

See your travel agent I D. Ornisby; B. Williams; A. Tliompson; and G. A. Ormsby. (Middle row) C. Ormsby,

Assistant Scout Master; Roy Matthews, Group Scout Master; E. Matthews; P. Kohu;

B. Foster, Patrol Leader; B. Vlikaere; R. Nepia; M. Matthews, Assistant Scout Master;

Getting -there C. Matthews, Scout Master. (Front row) A. Taupe; E. Ormsby; W. Witeri; P. J. Kohu,

ishalfthefun! Go Patrol Leader; and N. Williams.

At the Indianapolis Fairfield, Iowa, as Associate Professor of

Stake Conference Speech in September.

in Indianapolis, InWayne has served as superintendent of CUNARD diana, in April, the YMMIA in the Pacific Grove Ward 1960, R. Wayne (California) and president of the 1st Elders

Pace received the Quorruu in the Indianai")olis Stake ( IndifirstM ManearnedawardMasterand variousana), aswardswell inas California,being very Utah,active andin pin in that stake. Indiana, while completing the Master M

Wayne is the son Man requirements.

of Mr. and Mrs.

W. Pace Ralph -? mrW '""Hoytsville "m'> MBLT Fredonia, Arizona

Dear Editors:

I ha\e taken the Era even before we married, were married were and 49 we Tueller former Gae it I years 1959. 6, read have December Stake of the Bear Lake Ward, Geneva

I to continually cover. only cover from

, they four ( Idaho children—have and

it wisli in in every the was United home girls. boys 2 2 )and States and read every was and boy by graduated Siimfrom North was Wayne girl I in the to hom(\ 19 have volumes

the seminary, mit School and from High I all prize and them. 27 In bound my University of Utah, from Young Brigham I the reading Era, adno have found

is at University, present the time and vertising or of liquor of tobacco on any a candidate for the Ph.D. degree at Purits pages. I congratulate the Era.

due University in Lafayette, Indiana.

He will join the Department of Speech Sincerely yours,

CUNARD LINE and Dramatic Arts at Parsons College, Joseph Brooksby 25 Broadway, N.Y. 4 BO 9-5300

210 Post St., San Francisco EX 2-1307

620 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA This year, Arvil G. Mr. Carter's suggestion was just one of

Carter, accepted of Kearns, 2500 by Kennecott's Utah and nearly

Division since his family the Suggestion will have was The trail System more fun when they established about three years ago. The

of an idea toheadenjoyforfishing,the outdoorshunting Division—moneyhasthatpaidhasmorebeenthanused$65,000by employeesin awards

and camping. The reason—Mr. Carter reto buy the extras that add to the enjoyment

cently purchased a new house trailer. of living.

There's a trail leading from this purBeyond the immediate cash benefits to chase directly to Mr, Carter's ingenuity as employees, the Suggestion System has an a carpenter at Kennecott's Utah Refinery. even more vital longrange significance to

Through Kennecott's Employee Suggestion copper production in Utah. It results in imSystem, he submitted an idea for improving provements that help Kennecott operate

the wooden flooring in the refinery tank house. more efficiently and economically. EflSciency

His suggestion earned an initial award of and economy are keys to successful opera- $500, which helped him buy the muchwanted tions and successful operations result in trailer. In a year, reevaluation of the sugcontinued economic benefits for our entire

gestion may result in an additional award. state.

Utitb CopperDivision |Kj Kennecott Copper Corporation

PBOUDTO BE PART OF A GROWING UTAH

SEPTEMBER 1960 621.,iBK8#'* President David 0. McKay observes his eightyseventh birthday on September the eighth.

PRESIDENT

DAVID O. McKAY

A TRIBUTE BY A. HAMER REISER

Since 1906, at the age of thirtytwo, when David O. McKay

was called to be a "special witness"of the Lord Jesus Christ, his opportunities to exempHfy "the perfect gentleman"have been world wide.

In the fiftyfour years of his dedicated career untold thousands have felt the influence of his example and precepts. This

influence is observed from the manifestations of his personahty, his words, and his quiet, forceful manner.

I observe a similar quahty in his children, who are in behavior "in his image"and in the image of their remarkable mother.

They have the same quality of quiet dignity and bearing.

Impressive to me are the easy, natural ways in which the influence of his personahty comes into the consciousness of people. I have observed this in his attitude toward children and

President David O. McKay his communication with them. At the groundbreaking

at the gate of the family home in Huntsville, Utah, where the youngest ceremony at Newchapel in England in the summer of to the oldest members of the family 1953 a Httle girl asked for his autograph. She did

for festivities gather on not follow him to the table where he could write it special occasions.

for her. She disappeared into the crowd. He was

uneasy for several hours, fearing that he had disappointed a little child. The outcome was happy when

she came with her father and mother to the home of the mission president in London. Her father. Colonel

Tueller, had made arrangements for President and

Sister McKay to attend the Queen's garden party at

Buckingham Palace and came to give the President the information. When Rozanne was introduced

again to the President, she said, "I have already met

President McKay at Newchapel. I asked him for his

autograph."

"And did you get it?"the President asked. "No,"

said Rozanne, "Father thought I should not trouble you.""Did I ask you if you thought I could write?""Yes,"

she said, "and I said I thought you could."

"Then may I give it to you now?"asked the President. "Yes, if you please,"replied Rozanne. And she

was a happy little girl and he a much relieved President.

He had kept faith with a little child. "Keeping

faith"is one of his cardinal principles.

Another trait is his innate thoughtfulness for other people. This is manifested in innumerable ways. I

observed one when he thought he had lost his beautiful ruby ring, Sister McKay's gift to him. We were

en route by air from Lisbon, Portugal, to South Africa.

He missed it as we were leaving Lisbon. A gracious

airlines hostess at the airport offered to have a careful search made at the Lisbon hotel and airport and to send word after us of her findings. One morning

in Johannesburg as the President came down into the lobby of the hotel, he was smiling brightly. He told

me he had found his ring and immediately asked me to send a message to the Lisbon hostess to spare her further concern on his account.

In numerous other ways this noble trait of character has expressed itself. I recall instances as we

traveled from London north into Scotland when he visited in 1953 at the birthplace of his father in Janetstown, near Thurso. And again in 1958 when he arranged to have his sister, Jeanette (Mrs. Morrell), go

to the birthplace of their mother, Jeanette Evans, at

Plas Helygen, Clwydd de fagwar, Cefn Coed, near

Merthyr Tydfil, South Wales.

624 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

In fact, this quality of character is as constant and the far corners of the Church and throughout the natural with him as breathing. organized stakes. His duties as general superinHis goodwill also has a universal quality and tendent of the Deseret Sunday School Union board

scope. Doubtless this has been nourished by the brought him into close association with adults, youth,

great scope and extent of his contacts and travels. and children, in Sunday Schools, conventions, and conSince his call to the apostleship he has traveled into ferences. On the world (Continued on page 666)

Editors Page TO TEACH ONE ANOTHER

BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

"And I give unto you a commandment that you person who teaches assumes the responsibility not of shall teach one another the doctrine of the kingdom."attempting to put on canvas an ideal picture of youth,

(D&C 88:77.) but to make out of a living, breathing soul, a perfect

To those who are called to "teach one another the character. "If we work upon marble, it will perish;

doctrine of the kingdom,"I give three charges: The if on brass, time will efface it; if we rear temples, they

first of these is a realization of the responsibility of will crumble into dust; but if we work upon the

the teacher; the second is an appreciation of the opimmortal minds and imbue them with principles,

portunities that you have to reach those you teach; with the just fear of God and love of our fellow men—

and the third, the possibility each one has of teaching we engrave on those tablets something that will by power and example. brighten throughout all eternity."

From birth to death men differ. They vary as The responsibility of the teacher, however, does not

much as do flowers in a garden. In intellect, in end in his duty to teach truth positively. He enters

temperament, in energy, and in training some rise to the realm of whatnot-todo, as well as the realm of one level and some to another. whatto-do. In the garden of the human soul, as well

The successful teacher is one who, with a spirit as in the fields of human endeavor, there are thorns of discernment, can detect to a degree at least, the and thistles as well as flowers and useful plants.

mentality and capability of the members of his class. Thrice deserving of condemnation is he who would

He should be able to read the facial expressions and crush in a boy's mind a flower of truth, and sow in its be responsive to the mental and spiritual attitudes of stead the seed of error! Hence the importance of the

those whom he is teaching. The Great Teacher had teacher's knowing what he is teaching, conscientiously

this power of discernment in perfection, as is well believing that it is in harmony with God and truth.

illustrated in his conversation with the woman of I merely throw out the thought because you can go

Samaria whose interests he not only interpreted, but down on your knees in your home, and ask God to whose soul he read by virtue of her past deeds. Too give you the power to speak the truth.

few teachers have this gift, even to a necessary degree, Wise parents and leading educators in the nation but every teacher has the responsibility of determintoday realize that good citizenship can be attained ing how best to approach the members of the class in only through character development. The sincere

order to make appeals that will be lasting. teacher realizes that his is the opportunity to inculcate

Some of you have in your homes a picture depicting the virtues that contribute to the building of true

Christ as a youth standing before learned men in the manhood and womanhood.

temple. In that picture the artist has combined physiTo live an upright life, to conform to high ethical

cal strength, intellectual fire, moral beauty, and spiritstandards is the responsibility and duty of every ual fervor. There is an ideal for every boy in the land! teacher in the land. Greater even than this is the

I ask you, fellow teachers, to take the artist's brush responsibility of the teacher of religion. The teacher

and canvas, and try to reproduce that picture of perof religion's profession is higher than that of the fect youth! You hesitate! You say you have neither the teacher in the common school; for, in addition to his

skill nor the training? Very well; and yet every behef in the efficacy of ( Continued on page 663

SEPTEMBER I960 625

Question: "We know that there ivas a resurrection "Verily, verily, I say unto you. He that heareth my

at the time the Savior arose from the tomb and that word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everthere will he one at his second coming. There is no lasting life, and shall not come into condemnation;

scriptural evidence that I can find that shows there is but is passed from death unto life.

still a resurrection going on. How do we explain the "Verily, verily, I say unto you, The hour is coming,

fact that Moroni, Peter, James, and John are resurand now is, when the dead shall hear the voice of rected beings, who came to the Prophet Joseph Smith? the Son of God: and they that hear shall live.

The scriptures speak of the first resurrection being at "For as the Father hath life in himself; so hath he

the second coming of Christ. This means, of course, given to the Son to have life in himself;

first resurrection to us, since there has been a resurrec- "And hath given him authority to execute judgment tion for those who were worthy who lived before the also, because he is the Son of man.

coming of our Lord.""Marvel not at this: for the hour is coming, in the

which all that are in the graves shall hear his voice, "And shall come forth; they that have done good,

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH unto the resurrection of life; and they that have done

PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

ANSWERS evil, unto the resurrection of damnation."(Ibid., 5:2429.)

John, who had opened to his vision the great events pertaining to the history of this world, the coming ofYOUR

Christ as King of kings and the universal resurrection, has recorded this:QUESTION "And I saw the dead, small and great, stand before

RESURRECTION SINCE THE wasGod; opened,and thewhichbooks iswerethe bookopened:of life:and andanotherthe bookdead

out of those things which were writtenRESURRECTION OF OUR LORD were judged in the books, according to their works.

Answer: It is true that there could not be any res- "And the sea gave up the dead which were in it;

urrection preceding the resurrection of our Lord, for as and death and hell delivered up the dead which were

Paul has expressed it, the Savior became the first in them: and they were judged every man according

fruits of them that slept. He held the keys of the to their works.

resurrection and through his mercy the resurrection "And death and hell were cast into the lake of fire.

is a free gift to all, "for as in Adam all die, even so, This is the second death."(Rev. 20:1214.)

in Christ shall all be made alive."This is all stated preliminary to the consideration

There are several pointed prophecies in relation to of the question which is propounded. The reason

the resurrection recorded in the Bible, but most of being that there are many who deny the universal them are indefinite as to time. The Lord revealed resurrection, and teach that the wicked are to be

to Isaiah the restoration of the dead to immortality, consumed and cease to exist, which is a doctrine that also to Ezekiel, Daniel, and others, but most of these is foreign to the intent of the prophecies in the scrippassages are indefinite as to point of time. Some of tures. The Savior was emphatic in his statement that

the clearest revelations are found in the Book of all should come forth, the righteous to receive the

Mormon and, in our time, in the Doctrine and Coveblessings of his kingdom, and the wicked to be punnants. In his conversation with Martha just before ished for their rebellion. We may be sure that in his

the restoration of Lazarus, the Lord made one of the mercy, the Lord will do for all the best that can be most profound statements on the resurrection with done. Some will merit the exaltation, others punishpositive assurance of its reality in the following words ment until they have paid the "uttermost farthing."

"I am the resurrection, and the Hfe: he that believeth The exaltation will be given to those who have kept

in me though he were dead, yet shall he live: the commandments and have been faithful to every

"And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall covenant and obligation upon which the exaltation never die. Believest thou this?"(John 11:2526.) rests. Others will be assigned to such degree of glory,

To the Jews he proclaimed the universal resurrecor lack of it, according to the deeds committed in the tion in the following words: flesh; but the mercy of ( Continued on page 652

626 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 'GET UNDERSTANDING"ELDER HUGH B. BROWN

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE APOSTLES

Recently an outof-state visitor came into the Church headquarters and was directed to my office. He had in

his hand a copy of the MIA June conference program.

He said, "I have studied this wonderful program of activities very carefully, and by it was directed to some of the various groups; to the athletics, the dancing, the

drama, and other events. I also attended some of the

inspiring general sessions."He mentioned with enthusiasm the Friday Music Festival and called it magnificent. And then he said, "There seemed to be a

religious fervor through all the activities I have seen and heard. I marvel that the MIA can get so many

thousands to cooperate with such zest and dedication.

Tell me,"he asked, "what is your purpose and objective?

What are you striving for? What is the aim of MIA?"

After calling his attention to the full name of the young peoples'organizations, viz., "Mutual Improvement

Associations,"I suggested that one word might answer his question regarding purpose and aim, viz., "Education."We are trying to educate our people physically,

mentally, and spiritually, seeking a perfectly rounded development. I explained that education is an integral

part of the religion of tlie Latterday Saints. We believe

that a man cannot be saved in ignorance; that he is saved

no faster than he gains knowledge. As the glory of

God is intelligence, so the degree of man's glory will be determined by the measure of his intelligence. Among

the blessings which the Savior promised his followers as he was about to leave them was that his Father would send the Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, who "shall teach you all things."(John 14:26.) He thus emphasized

the importance of learning, of education. Gaining

knowledge, using it with wisdom, building character, and achieving intelligence are steppingstones to the joy which is the purpose of life.

A short time ago, I visited the Air Force Academy in

Colorado. An officer, while directing a tour of the

campus, drew my attention to a monument, topped by a great bird—a falcon—and at its feet some young ones.

Its wings were spread, obviously to protect its young,

and seemingly encouraging them to fly. On the base tion—the education that liberates the human mind

of the monument I read: "Man's flight through life is from prejudice and provincialism—is education for

sustained by the power of his knowledge."On another freedom.

campus recently I read over the door of one of the The love of great books should be earnestly debuildings: "A hunger for truth and understanding sired by every person. If we are to be free, our

gnaws at the mind and spirit of man."The spirit of minds must be free. He who loves and becomes acinquiry, an appetite for knowledge, is innate in the quainted with great books is the richest and happiest

soul of man. of men. Beginning with the Bible, great books are

There is an editorial in a recent issue of Wisdom always and everywhere contemporaneous. Reading

Magazine which I commend to your thoughtful conminds are growing minds, and when they cease to sideration. From it I quote and paraphrase briefly: read they cease to grow. If we do not read well, we

"What one knew at 21 or 35 or 60 is never enough to will not think well. Someone has said we have ten

last a lifetime. The degree of our achievement in thousand readers for one thinker. The truth of this

business, profession, home, family life, social affairs, statement seems to be borne ovit as we note the kind civic duties—in fact, our religious and personal of books on the best seller lists and those called for

philosophy—is largely determined by our education. most often in our libraries; they are often worse than

That there are limitless areas all about us which are mediocre—some are even vulgar and unclean. Unas yet unexplored becomes increasingly evident, as we fortunately, some of the cheap and trashy reading

push back the horizons of our knowledge."matter is most popular. Some adults lead lives comThe quest for knowledge becomes an important paratively rich in material comforts but very poor

and necessary part of life, and it does not end—in in moral, intellectual, and spiritual tone.

fact, sometimes it does not begin in college. We "We must learn to differentiate between the worthshould all continue to be deeply possessed by ideas. while and the useless and trashy in our reading. MagaEducation is not only a lifetime process, it is an eternal zine racks and some of our libraries are flooded with

process. We believe God's purpose in creating man indiscriminate books which are not only low in charis that man may gain immortality, eternal life, and acter and vulgar and corrupting, but they often satureternal increase; among other things, increase of ate the mind with unpurgible filthiness."Why go to

knowledge, and the power that comes with knowledge; garbage cans for mental food? Let us teach our

increase of wisdom, of awareness, of intelligence—young people the value of good books and remind

which is the glory of God—all to the end that he might them, with Henry Fielding, that "we are as liable to

achieve selfmastery and exaltation. be corrupted by books as by companions."

We seek to arouse in all who are young in mind, a Leon Gutterman wrote in a recent issue of Wisdom broad and wellrounded acquaintance with and enMagazine: "Great books are the key to man's culture.

thusiasm for fine books, that their increasing knowlIf they vanished overnight and could not be replaced, edge shall continue to be vigorous, dynamic, and our civilization would disappear. Great books [and

zestful, that life may be worth living. Liberal educaat the top of the list are the scriptures] are a treasure

and a precious storehouse. They contain enough to

make us rich for time and all eternity. They stand

alone in human literature. They abound in plain

truth and are expressed in plain language. In this

they surpass all other books."Companionship with

great and worthwhile books is a prime necessity for complete and radiant living. They are the daily bread

of the soul, the best friends a man can have, and the best consucners of our leisure.

How wonderful and profitable it would be if in every Latterday Saint home we had a regular home evening, where the family could read together the scriptures and other great books, great poems, great histories, biographies, philosophy—great literature;

read the Sermon on the Mount; memorize the Beatitudes; read the Book of Mormon in the family circle.

That is the challenge I would like to throw out to the

MIA—that throughout the Church as a project we

become a reading people, and in our reading select the best. "Without the love of books, the richest man is poor, but endowed with this treasure, the poorest man is rich. He has wealth which no power can diminish,

riches which are always increasing, possessions which the more he scatters the more they accumulate, friends who never desert him, and pleasures which never end."Listen to the appraisal of great books by some great authors: "Great books are great men of higher stature,

and the only men that speak aloud for future times to hear."(Browning.) "Great books and thoughts rule

the world."(Emerson.) "Great books are portions of

the soul of man. Great thoughts are portions of eternity."(Lowell.) "Learning is an ornament in prosperity, a refuge in adversity, and a provision in old

age."(Aristotle.) (Continued on page 654)

Conclusion:

BY ALBERT R. LYMAN

Back again at their log cabin on the hill, with the new baby, with all their intense and soulbuilding experience of the past eventful year, and with Aunt

Emma ready and able to help with the new and heavier burden, they were ready, without being aware:>.i of it, to hear the important call to their life's mission.

Sister Haskel, the nursewoman was gone, and Bluff i had to have some one to take her place. They couldn't

have met this new and difficult call before; they were not needed before. The Providence which was shaping their affairs of Bluff, had them ready when the

time came.

The mission call was really to the whole Wood family. If they had not cooperated in sympathy and

faith. Aunt Jody's good work would have been quite

impossible. She accepted the call with fear and

trembling. She asked not only that the bishop go

with her to help with his faith and his priesthood, but "she asked that her family pray for her, and they knelt in prayer in her behalf,"cherishing sympathy and concern for her on her errand of mercy.

Her husband placed his hands on her head and blessed her that she might have wisdom and guidance in the difficult situations she had to meet.

She got books and studied. More than that she

remembered the admonition of the Lord: "Seek learning by study and also by prayer."Her progress in

understanding was phenomenal, as was her increased power in prayer. Another source to which she looked

and obtained knowledge, was the Indians. At first

afraid of them, she later gleaned from them all they would tell about herbs and roots and leaves havino;

*mM medicinal properties.

"You go home and sleep,"she commanded, "and when you come back a good Indian, you can have the gun."

il Quoting from Kate Hansen: "Herbs were gathered, quite ugly enough when he was sober, but now that

dried, and steeped for everybody from grandpa down he was inflamed with some kind of "firewater,"he to the baby. Hops, catnip, pennyroyal, lobeHa flower, became a wild man fearsome to see and to hear.

and cactus poultices were made. Brigham tea was a Aunt Jody happened just then to have no bread in

daily drink in the spring. Milkweed for dropsy, the house, and nothing to set at once before him. What

peppermint and sage for other ailments. did she have with which to meet the crisis? She had

"We had some rather strange experiences with the her wondrous selfcontrol, a power so majestically

Indians. One day when Paddy and his squaw were superior to anything the wild Piute had ever possessed,

in the house, my sister Jennie got up to close a window that he was compelled by instinct to respect it.

because of an approaching sand storm. As she passed Walking boldly forward she took the big gun from

the squaw, she put her hands on the squaw's shoulhis hands, and told him to take a seat. Then appraisders, giving her a little shake and saying, 'Moocho ing the situation for its possibilities and demands, she

shei'meaning, very cold. It happened that the squaw began preparing some biscuits for the oven and a pot

was afflicted with epilepsy, and she fell at that moof strong coffee. Hot coffee and hot bread being

ment into one of her fits of unconsciousness. Paddy chief items in the Indian diet, the Wood folk kept it

jumped up and left the room, and soon returned with on hand, even though they never used it themselves.

a number of other Piutes. It became quite a terrible During the unavoidable delay in the preparation of

situation. We had Uncle Kumen Jones and Aunt the meal, Posey sat on his chair as commanded, but

Mary come and act as interpreters. The Indians delike the little whipped dog that still dares to bark

clared that if the squaw died, they would kill Jennie; under his breath, he grumbled and swore, saying,

a life for a life. "Hurry up, white squaw heap slow."

"Every minute was making it a more fearsome situaWhen he had devoured a lot of buttered biscuits tion, with the woman showing no signs of recovery. and washed them down with big cups of coffee, he

The Indians danced and sang weird songs, working was somewhat sobered, and asked for his gun.

themselves up to a furious pitch in which they might "No,"affirmed the courageous woman, for if the do almost anything. Aunt Jody prepared a cup of gun in his hands gave him any superior power to

tea, and the Woods and Jones people were doing command, in her hands it gave her the same power.

everything they could think of to ease the situation, "You go home and sleep,"she commanded, "and when when the squaw revived. However, when she died, you come back a good Indian, you can have the gun."

two years later, Paddy came declaring that Jennie was Next day he returned, and putting his face rather responsible for her death, and the only thing to anhesitatingly through the doorway he declared, "Me swer his arguments was a sack of flour, some meat, now good Injun, my gun me wantem."He got it,

and some potatoes."and with it a solemn order never to come there again

Her unusual experiences with the Indians of early when he was drunk. He never did.

San Juan would make quite a story in itself. RealizBut he did come there again in great excitement,

ing that she and her loved ones, along with every one the excitement of terror. He came afoot and on the

else in this remote settlement, were verv much at the run across the fields from the group of wickiups on mercy of the Navajos and Piutes all around them, she the river bank at the mouth of Cottonwood Wash. In

could not fail to see the danger and sense the fear a foolish gesture, with a gun that he thought was not of what could happen. She knew, however, that she loaded, he had shot his squaw, and she was in terrible

must never betray that fear to them. Indians respect agony. With no faith in this crisis that the incantabravery more than strength. tions, the feathers, rattles, and medicine bags of the

One day when she was at home alone, the quarrelPiute doctors could save his wife, he rushed to this some Piute, Posey, stalked in, gun in hand, and brave white woman whose magic power commanded waving the gun in a menacing way, he demanded that respect wherever it was known.

she prepare a meal for him to eat. Posey could be The bigsouled white [Continued on page 659)

SEPTEMBER 1960 631 Genealogy

BY JAMES M. BLACK

More than twenty years ago I first decided to gather ing as vicepresident of the County Medical Association into one hirge history the records of my mother's for many years, and because of his successes as a family throughout the United States—The Families and planter, aside from his medical career, he had served

Descendants in America of GolsanGolson-Gholsonas ]3resident of the County Agricultural Society.

Gholston. When missionaries went into the county to preach

At the time, I did not fully realize how monumental the gospel, they met with little success until they this task would be; but I made a good start and have called at the home of Dr. Golsan. It was as if he

been pushing and driving myself as often as time had been waiting for the missionaries to come, bewould permit. cause the message which they carried was a message

Whenever I thought of the Golsan family, with its that he had been looking for and had not previously various ways of spelling the name, I thought that this found. For this reason he had not affiliated himself

was truly a wonderful family, because of my close with any church, though he had perhaps been inclined association with my grandfather, Mallory W. Golsan, to follow the Missionary Baptist Church, of which

whom I always considered a perfect and typical his wife's father—the Reverend Dr. David Peebles,

Southern gentleman. A kinder, more generous, and Jr.—was a devout minister. But the Mormon mismore honorable man I have never known, and as I sionaries satisfied his religious desire and despite the

gathered the interesting records of the family, I consequences, he and his wife, and several of his thought of him, and it pleased me to bring together children, including my grandfather, joined the the history of the family of such a gentleman. Church.

My grandfather's father, Dr. Wyatt W. Golsan, and The consequences were more than he had expected,

his wife, were the first converts to the Church from because his practice as a physician came to a rather this family and were baptized in southern Alabama sudden end when his friends and relatives learned in the year 1896. Dr. Golsan had been a highly rethat he had become a Mormon. Also, one day while

spected physician in Autauga County, Alabama, servthe family was attending a meeting being conducted

632 THE IMPliOVEMENT ERA

/.r V;

<>- xiIn a family of this size the attainments... of some... are

outstanding. One became Alabama's first outstanding composer

... 2 or 3 attained rank of general, 2 became senators,

at least one governor.

by the elders, their lovely old Southern home was in old directories and from inquiries in the various burned to the ground. The blaze was thought to have localities where they lived. The history began to

been started by a mob consisting of many of his own take shape, but there was still much to be done. There

relatives. But he was staunch in his new faith and were treasures of original public records to be searched

made a trip to Salt Lake City in 1902 to go through and countless family records to be uncovered.

the temple and to spend a year or so doing temple And then I was called to serve as a missionary, and work. I was sent to the South. My mission completed, my

The Golsan family was of early American origin, parents allowed me to remain eight additional months, first settling in Virginia about 1688, of WelshEngHsh during which time I traveled extensively throughout origin before coming to America. The family subeach of the states where the family lived and into

sequently scattered through the CaroHnas, Georgia, which they had scattered. Many of the vital record

Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Texas, Kentucky, centers, such as courthouses and historical societies,

Tennessee, Arkansas, Ohio, Illinois, Iowa, and in many county and state libraries, etc., were scanned, and

other localities, and one large branch of the family newspaper files were searched. The results were tresettled in Alberta, Canada. Descendants of these mendous. At least two months were spent in the

families are now in all of the states and Canada, and courthouses and among relatives in Autauga County it is estimated that upwards of 20,000 descendants and in neighboring counties in Alabama, where my could be tabulated if complete accounts were obimmediate family and ancestors had lived for six or tained. seven generations—since the year 1820, when that

I collected the records left by my greatgrandfather, territory was opened for settlement.

Dr. Golsan, and taxed the memories of my grandAn advertisement in a leading southern newspaper

parents and other relatives, until that source was for records of the family was responded to in an unexcompletely exhausted. Then I corresponded with pected way. Scores of letters reached me from reladistant relatives, with great success, finding their names tives, who not only offered {Continued on page 662)

SEPTEMBER I960 633 ss

mm

LEADERSHIP DEVELOPM.ENT... BY STERLING W. SILL, ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

We have a very interesting procedure for installing are "set apart"to think and act and live on a higher a Church worker in office. After he has been selected, plane. We must remove ourselves from sin, weakqualified, and charged in his duties, he is "set apart."ness, error, and carelessness. By our acceptance of

This rite is a combination of delegating the responsithe authority, we promise that the responsibility will bility, transferring the authority to carry it out, and be fully met.

giving a blessing. This has been standard procedure Some time ago a young man told me that his bishop

for a long time. We read in the Old Testament that had asked him to accept a certain Church assign-

"... the Lord said unto Moses, take thee Joshua the ment. He explained several reasons why he did not

son of Nun, a man in whom is the spirit, and lay thine want to do it. It was plain to see that the job would

hand upon him; not be adequately done if it was given to him. He

"And set him before Eleazar the priest, and before asked me what he should do. I told him that he

all the congregation; and give him a charge in their should tell the bishop frankly that he would not

sight. do it. This suggestion came as something of a shock

"And thou shalt put some of thine honour upon to him. He told me that he had been taught never

him, that all the congregation of the children of to turn down any Church appointment.

Israel may be obedient."(Num. 27:1820.) I told him Jesus'story of the vinedresser and his

Following this pattern each worker is set apart to two sons. The vinedresser said to each, "Go work tohis particular office. Each is given a definite responsiday in my vineyard."The first said, "I will not go,"

bility for doing a specific part of the work of the but afterward he repented and went. The second one

Church. When we are set apart the position becomes said, "I go sir, but went not."Now suppose that you

ours. It does not belong to anyone else. No one else put yourself in the place of each. You have been

has the right to do it as long as we have it. It is then asked by the bishop to work in the ward. If you reour assignment to provide the initiative, enthusiasm, fuse, the bishop will get someone else to do what

planning, and industry necessary for the most effecyou should have done, and no one will be harmed tive accomplishment. If we do not do these things except yourself. Then assume the other alternative.

they will not be done. Suppose that you say to the bishop, "I go sir,"but go

But we are also "set apart"in a rather literal sense. not. If you give the bishop your acceptance, the posiWith our new authority and blessing, we are different tion and the blessings will be given to you, and then

from what we were before. Our conduct must equal if you do not measure up, many people will be inin excellence the importance of our responsibility. We jured as a consequence. If you do not intend to fill

634 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

the assignment on a one hundred percent basis, you the work of the Lord but damning the Lord's workers.

had better not accept it in the first place. Shoddy work always makes shoddy men. ParaphrasJesus compared the people to whom he was speaking Shakespeare, "It curses him that gives and him

ing to the son who said, "I go sir"but went not, and that takes."

he said to them, "Verily I say unto you, That the Demosthenes once said, "No man can have a high publicans and harlots go into the kingdom of God beand noble character while engaged in petty or mean fore you."(Matt. 21:2031.) That is pretty vigorous employment. For whatever the pursuits of men

language. Certainly we should avoid getting ourselves are, their characters will be similar."It is imposin that kind of a situation. One frightening thing sible to deliver a great message without a great

about this comparison is that it applies to us if the messenger. We are "set apart"to do a great work.

circumstances fit. One of the most serious of all the We must have present on the job a great worker. We

sins is "fractional devotion."That is when we are have been given the charge to be faithful. We must

"neither cold nor hot."(Rev. 3:1516.) Then we not fall down or lie down on our assignment. This

manifest only "a partial faith."We walk the undeapplies to every grade of responsibility.

sirable pathway of borderline performance with marWhat would we think of an army where only the ginal morals and minimum effort. general could be absolutely depended upon? An-

A great Canadian athletic coach once said that ciently, when any soldier enlisted in the legions of most people in and out of athletics were "holdouts."Caesar, he took an oath to hold the life of Caesar

What he meant was that so frequently we don't dearer than all else. That set him apart. From that

invest ourselves fully in what we are doing. We moment on, he would spare no effort or shun no risk

have too many reservations about things. We go into if the life of Caesar was in danger. This some devoour assignments with our fingers crossed so to speak. tion to duty always characterizes greatness. For exWe hold out on our enthusiasm and our determinaample, Major Treptow was killed in the Battle of

tion and our industry. But when we holdout on ChateauThierry in 1918. In the diary afterward

life, then life holds -out on us. At all costs we should found on his body had been written these words, "I

avoid being a holdout on God. When once we are will work, I will save, I will sacrifice, I will endure.

"set apart,"we must not wait to be encouraged or re- I will fight cheerfully and do my utmost as though the minded or urged to do our duty. The responsibility entire conflict depended upon me alone."That attibelongs to us not to anyone else, and we should protude sets most anyone apart for distinction no matter

ceed as though our life depended upon it, as indeed what the assignment. We can set ourselves apart

it does. with the most thrilling of all the success attitudes.

Our job is now not merely to talk about faith, it is Certainly it is not more important to serve faithfully to put it in force in the lives of people. Faith cannot in the kingdom of Caesar than in the kingdom of

exist in a vacuum. Faith without works is dead. If God.

you isolate faith from its appropriate task, it always But sometimes we become mere "Bible Chrisdies. There is no such thing as preserved faith. Our tians."That is where the Christianity is mostly in

responsibility is not merely to discuss problems, it the Bible and not very much in us. We need to get

is to bring about the solutions of problems. We were the Christianity into us. We need to get the spirit

set apart to guarantee the accomplishment of our orof accomplishment into our habit patterns. We need

ganization. The work must actually be done. No to set ourselves apart with a burning zeal and an

amount of "faith"or "prayer"or "conversation"or unfailing industry. Jesus said, "I came that ye might

"knowledge"ever becomes a very satisfactory subhave life, and have it more abundantly."(John 10:10.)

stitute for actual accomplishment. Without a subThe most valuable thing in life is life itself. In the

stantial proportion of actual industry, success is not days of Job it was said,... "all that a man hath he

possible. It must be very displeasing to God for us will give for his life,"(Job 2:4.) There is no inconto profane the office and the blessing which we hold venience we would not suffer and no expense we

by filling our minds with sloth, indifference, and irwould not involve ourselves in to prolong life even for responsibility. a week or a month, even though we knew that period

The mortal enemies of the soul are feebleness, aimwould be filled with pain and unhappiness.

lessness, heedlessness, doubt, and discouragement. Now, if mortal life is worth so much, how much is

These go up and down the Church not only destroying eternal life worth? And ( Continued on page 671

SEPTEMBER I960 635 TRIBUTE: Beginning as a humble boy in a smallPRESIDENT J. REUBEN town. President J. Reuben Clark, Jr. had a love of

CLARK, JR., RECEIVES andlearningsacrificethat droveto receivehim toanpayeducation.the price Dr.in hardJamesworkE.

Talmage, for whom he worked in his undergraduate years, that said he possessed—"the brightest mind

toHONORARY MASTER ever leave Utah."

He was for five years a teacher. Then, again driven

by a desire to learn and achieve, he left with hisM MAN AWARD. wife and two children, on borrowed money, for

Columbia University, to take up the study of law, graduating three years later with high honors.

Distinguished in public service, this small town boy

On September 1, President J. Reuben Clark, Jr. from Utah became a foremost authority in interobserves his 89th birthday. He is loved and admired national law, and received executive appointments

by the entire membership of the Church and by all under seven Presidents of the United States. He was

others who have enjoyed the privilege of knowing Solicitor, and Counsel for the Department of State in him. At the Master M MenGolden Gleaner dinner at International Arbitrations and Conferences, Under

June conference, President Clark was presented the Secretary of State, legal adviser to Dwight W. Morrow,

Honorary Master M Man award. The tribute paid to Ambassador to Mexico. Finally, he served with disPresident Clark at that time, and his response, follow: tinction for three years, himself as Ambassador from

636 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a

the United States to the government of Mexico. Dwight effort, achieve greatness. As members of the Church

W. Morrow said of him, "You are the least impressed we have looked to you for guidance and for truth.

by mere wealth of any man I know."We have appreciated your great leadership. We have

He also had a military career, being appointed Major loved you for your graciousness to all who have met in the Judge Advocate General's Officers'Reserve you, for your deep humility in the gospel.

Corps, and Adjutant to the Provost Marshal General, You have received many high degrees and titles of

Enoch H. Crowder, receiving the Distinguished Servhonor, but none was ever given with greater love than

ice Medal. we feel. We are humbly proud that you are our

Always faithftd to his membership in the Church, Honorary Master M Man. This title is given from the

he answered the call to become a member of the First young people of the Church in gratitude to one who

Presidency in April 1933. Here he has given his wholehas always had the power to reach them and to teach

hearted devotion to service of men and of God. them.

His thoughts have centered on Jesus the Christ, and President Clark, we express to you our love in the as a scholar and author he has shared not only with simple, golden words of TennysonLatter-day Saints, but also with all the world his witness to the divinity of the Savior. May all love.

President Clark, we are proud of one of our own, His love, unseen but felt, o'ershadow thee.

who, through his own hard work, has risen to posiThe love of all thy sons encompass thee.

tions of honor and dignity as a scholar and statesman. The love of all thy daughters cherish thee.

You have shown us that a poor country boy, starting The love of all thy people comfort thee.

without powerful friends, can, by his own steadfast Till God's love set thee at his side again!

RESPONSE BY PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR. have come unasked and unsought. I never wanted

or tried to get but two jobs in my life—I lost both of

I am deeply moved, more deeply than I have ever them, and I have been grateful ever since for that.

before been moved in my life before an audience. You know, it is astonishing how much you can

I address you as fellow members of celestial families, accumulate in way of recognition in a long life if you either in your own right, because you have been marjust live for it—I mean only in years. [Laughter.]

ried for time and eternity with a promise of a destiny I again say I am grateful to you for this recognition, that exceeds any promise made to any other people, unearned so far as your activities are concerned, beor as families of parents who have been so sealed and cause I have had no opportunity. I again thank you.

who now look forward to the time when they, too, shall May God bless you. May he inspire you to live the

take over the building of other celestial families—lives that you profess in the future as in the past. I

destiny which cannot come to any outside of the pale always think that there come out of such lives a of the Holy Priesthood of this Church. peace and a joy of living that can be obtained nowhere

I thank you for the great honor, quite unearned else.

so far as your activities are concerned, which you have The Master told Nicodemus that he was sent to the conferred upon me tonight. I am grateful beyond world to save it, and not to condemn it. The last

measure therefore. night before the morning of the day which closed

I cannot in honesty feel to accept all that has been with the crucifixion, he was speaking to his disciples said about me. I know myself too well. I have tried when he gave the message that comes to each and

always so to live that I would not bring disgrace upon all of us who follow him:

my people, and I want to assure you that in such "Peace I leave with you, my peace I give unto you:

opportunities as have come to me, I have only once, not as the world giveth, give I unto you. Let not

and that was in the giving of a rather small recogniyour heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid."(John

tion that came to me ( looking at my whole life ), been 14:27.)

reminded that I was a Mormon. I have always found God grant to each and every one of us the life which

that it paid me great dividends to be a Mormon. Any will bring to us that eternal peace of which he spoke.

man or woman who belittles you because of your May he prosper your great cause. May he help you

faith either does not understand your faith or is not to lead the youth in the paths they should go. This is

worthy of your notice. my prayer, and I ask it in the name of Jesus Christ.

Such opportunities as have come to me for service, Amen.

SEPTEMBER I960 637 CONDUCTED BY THE UNIFSED CHURCH SCHOOL SYSTEM

638 THE IMPROVKMENT ERA BY DR. W. W. RICHARDS, DIRECTOR EMERITUS. LDS INSTITUTE OF RELIGION. LOGAN, UTAH

"Thou shalt love the Lord thy God.... This is the first and great commandment. The second

is Hke unto it, thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself."*

"If thy brother trespass against thee,... and if he repent, forgive him."

"But I say unto you, that ye resist not evil...."

"And whosoever shall compel thee to go a mile, go with him twain."*

In the above choice statements the Master expressed the principles that guided his life. He

seldom taught rules of life, but in their stead he announced great and fundamental principles to guide man in his relationships with his fellow men. These wonderful words have no final significance unless translated into conduct. Living these principles has been the everpresent problem

challenging human behavior. In the teaching profession there are those who feel that Christianity

is too idealistic and that it cannot be successfully achieved in everyday living. On the other

hand, theie are those dynamic teachers who accept Christianity as "the way to perfection"and

TRUE CHRISTIAN LIVING

are willing to experiment and try various teaching approaches in the hope that improved methods of teaching Christ's doctrine may achieve new and better results in Christian living.

The writer has been interested in a particular research project carried on over a period of years by a small American college'in an attempt to find effective scientific methods of teaching proper attitudes and worthy responses.

The findings are encouraging as well as challenging and are set forth in books reporting the research."This project sets up five fundamentals of learning applicable to teaching Christian

character and promoting personal development.

1. Exposure

This is the first approach to the teaching of new concepts. Much of our teaching fails because we stop at this point. Alone, it is not sufficient for effective learning.

2. Repetition

In teaching, that which is to be learned by the student must be reviewed, repeated, and reorganized as necessary. The lesson must also be presented from different angles of application,

until it becomes fixed; for instance, a father who planned to be absent from the farm for a few

days undertook to prepare his son for responsibility during his (Continued on page 684)

"Footnotes are found on page 687.

SEPTEMBER I960 639 *yi

f

-'".-f-',:-.

-.i, 1 BY EZRA J. POULSEN

Nan Martin, much as she disliked it, was out of Nan was not sure when she first heard footsteps, but breath when she reached the drinking fountain in suddenly she saw the farmer approaching. Startled,

front of the old academy where she spent her strenuous she sprang to her feet, as if her very thoughts were high school years. Once her bouncing energy enin danger of being invaded. "Oh!"she gasped. The

abled her to ignore the rather long hill leading up to intruder was tall and lean, wearing tightfitting levis, the main entrance. Now, she had barely strength and a faded straw hat.

enough to take a deep draught of the cool water and "Don't let me disturb you,"he apologized. "I was

fling herself down on the grass beneath the halfgrown just going to the fountain for a drink. It's rather...

maple tree planted by her class at graduation. That dusty. I...."He stopped abruptly. "Why... why,

was ten years ago. Phew! she sputtered. you're Nan... Nan Martin, the sweetheart of the

The day of the tree planting suddenly seemed vivid. class!"

She had been surrounded as usual by numerous adNan's cheeks burned. She was pleased to be so

mirers. But a farmer on a small tractor plowing in quickly recognized. "And you're Jimmie Cooper,"

the field south of the campus came into her vision. He They shook hands a trifle awkwardly.

stopped at the fence, turned around again in a cloud "Well, of all things: to find you here."His dry lips

of dust, and soon disappeared behind the hill. Meanbroke into a tormenting grin. "Married?"

while, she was struggling with the time element in her His abruptness almost set her back. But she was

life. Four years in college; six years teaching, she equally forthright. "No; an old maid schoolteacher.

mused. No wonder I'm shortwinded. How about yourself?"

Early August was loitering languidly on the valley. "Don't you remember? I was the guy not a girl

But in the high altitude, even August was pleasant; in the class would look at. And of course, I haven't

and the bluish outlines of the hills against the skyline changed. Only, I now enjoy being a bachelor. But

had a cooling effect. In another month, a new crop you were voted the most popular girl in school. And

of boisterous adolescents would be swarming over I never saw you once in four years without a crowd the place, and she would be a thousand miles away of admirers around you. I was always there, but you

meeting her own classes.... Nan sighed. It seemed never even saw me."

to be the only way she could express her recognition "Please, don't,"she protested, catching the cynicism of the ravages of time. Twentyeight can seem so in his voice. Instantly, their eyes met in headon

ancient in contrast to eighteen. collision, mutually expressing an old unsettled score.

Tossing her red patentleather bag on the grass, "Well, let's have a drink."He led her to the founshe sat down arranging the folds of her polka dot tain, where during school days there was always a

dress so they seemed to float around her. The farmer crowd. "And we might as well look around a little

and his tractor again approached the fence, but she for oldtimes sake,"he added, after they had quenched failed to notice him. Instead, she glanced up at the their thirsts.

big front doors at the main entrance of the school. "For oldtimes sake,"she murmured. "I like that."

A pair of robins chattered in the tree. A light breeze Nan Martin reviewed an important section of her

played in her soft brown hair below the rim of her personal history in a few breathless seconds. Jimmie

jaunty little hat, but she resisted the impulse to tuck Cooper in his high school days had been a shy, lonely away the stray tresses. boy, given to strange, unexpected moods, in which

SEPTEMBER I960 641 he seemed to try desperately to gain social recognition. and pressed it meticulously among the tender roots.

But he never made it. By many artful devices: a shift He was bareheaded, in his shirt sleeves, and worked

in the conversation, a sudden scattering of the group, intensely, scarcely looking up, until he had spaded in or a sly snicker, he had often been made to feel he the last topsoil. Then, he straightened up and brushed

was not wanted. Nan had been one of the guilty his hair back from his perspiring forehead.

ones—the most guilty, she secretly admitted, looking

up at the tall, confident young man beside her with "If you don't mind, I'll drop by this evening,"he misgivmgs. was saying. "Knowlton is a pretty dull place this

However, he seemed unaware of her train of thought. time of year. I don't want you to get too bored."

Pushing open the heavy door beneath the classic "Thanks,"she replied, recovering from her tenyear facade, he led her into the central hall, where sounds relapse. "That's so nice of you."

of hammering rumbled toward them from a distance. Jimmie picked her up at 7:30. Nan was surprised

"Someone's working here today,"he observed, "getting to see him dressed meticulously in casual sport clothes.

ready for the fall term."She was more surprised when he ushered her into

They walked through the empty halls, and loitered his green and tan convertible, and she had to admit in the empty classrooms haunted with memories, their her old patronizing attitude toward him was quite voices echoing along the corridors until they were obsolete.

impelled to speak in whispers. They visited the chem- "Shall we ride out to the lake?"he inquired as they

istry laboratory, the library, the popular hangout in glided away.

the tower, and the big window at the base of the "That would be lovely."From old times. Nan knew

second story stairs, where dates were made and gossip the place to go in the summer was to the lake; and

went the rounds. Gradually their conversation letting her hands fall listlessly in her lap, she decided

speeded up. They talked and laughed freely, each she had been wise in wearing the lavender chiffon

so eager to recall past events they found themselves dress for the evening. They might go dancing. For

at times interrupting each other. a few minutes, they drove silently southward along

Nan's spirits soared. She felt she had discovered the county highway, with the smell of newmown

something she was afraid she had lost. The shadows alfalfa sweetening the air. Nan stole a glance at

were lengthening toward the east when they came Jimmie's bronzed face, which blended surprisingly out of the building and walked down the stone steps with his thick, mediumblond hair. His leanness and

to the fountain. "Well, I guess I'd better get Betty ruggedness emphasized his strength—not merely physiJane and go home,"he said. cal strength—something more elusive, profound. The

"Betty Jane?"She glanced up quickly. only word she could think of was character.

"Oh, yes,"he laughed. "That's what I call my Eventually, he began talking. "How do you find

tractor."They drank again at the fountain. "I'm glad our sleeply little town after ten years?"

I saw you. Going to be around a day or two?"Jimmie "Restful,"she replied, tilting her head to reveal a

spoke with cool detachment. smile.

"Only tonight,"said Nan. "I'm stopping at my Jimmie turned slow, appraising eyes on her. "Yes, I

aunt's."She waited eagerly for his next words, but guess you'd call Knowlton restful,"he admitted. "It's

he seemed in no hurry. free from the noise and clutter of the city. But we

"Do you remember when we planted our class who live here find plenty of work."

tree?"he finally inquired, leading her toward it.

"Wouldn't you say work is restful?"she challenged.

"Oh, yes, very well."

if doubtful of her reaction "I shoveled most of the dirt, while the popular felHe studied her face, as lows stood around with the girls and watched,"he to his next remark. "With thirty Holsteins to milk

observed wryly. night and morning at six, I sometimes wonder. But

soil, and Nan was suddenly uncomfortable, but she could we have our roots deep here—deep in the

not think of a thing to say until he changed the subdeep in the common destiny of man."

ject. The image of Jimmie Cooper that day ten years "Oh, I think that's a noble speech,"laughed Nan.

ago was etched in her memory. He had done most of "You're quite a philosopher."

the planting all right, and the other boys and the girls "No, just an agricultural college graduate, the had stood around most of the time carelessly looking youngest of the family, and therefore the only one on, and making trivial remarks, while Jimmie, on his left to take over the old farm, and try to bring it up to bony knees, had thrust his fingers into the moist earth date. I taught a couple of years at the academy."

642 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Nan took a long breath. She was immensely She stood at the window watching Jimmie's tall

pleased with what she heard. She might have known form hurry through the gate and spring into the car.

years ago if she had tried, that young Jimmie Cooper When the sound of the motor was finally lost in the was a person of strong mind and character. Now, distance, she was still looking out into the moonlight.

he seemed wise, almost old, she reflected. But the Nan wondered if she was falling in love. Suddenly,

cream of the crop, she concluded, as the other boys she was struck by a great haunting fear. Was she

she had known in her high school days seemed to a girl whom men liked to flatter but were afraid to pass in review. marry?

At the resort, they enjoyed a speedboat ride on the Nan was up early next morning. She had not slept

lake, after which they had fish and chips at the well, and dark circles were visible under her eyes. If

cafe, and danced at the pavilion. The moon was Jimmie Cooper had as much as offered to see her oflF

riding high, throwing a wide path of shimmering on the bus, which would be leaving at noon, she gold across the lake when they started home. would have felt better.

Jimmie had grown talkative and warmly reminiscent "A person should never go back to a place where during the evening, and Nan felt they had just about she was once happy,"she remarked to her aunt at bridged the gap between the present and past. It was breakfast.

a glorious experience. He had given her a new un- "My dear, maybe one should never leave a place

derstanding of his early struggles; and she had where she is happy,"replied her aunt sweetly.

admitted more of her mistakes than she cared to "Oh, but I wouldn't have missed seeing you for think of. At least, they suddenly seemed mistakes. anything. You're a darling. And thanks for everyShe closed her eyes and compared her companion thing."

with the Jimmie Cooper of ten years ago. The difShe dressed in a trim beige traveling suit, and put

ference was incredible. on a small black hat. At ten o'clock, she decided to

"Jimmie,"she ventured, in a tone of humility, walk up main street, and see if she might run on to "Jimmie, I never treated you very well in high school. someone she had known in earlier years. One or two

I wish I had. Will you forgive me?"of the girls, she understood, worked in town. But she

He turned smiling but critical eyes toward her. "In was scarcely halfway up the first block when sudthose days, I thought nobody did; but I managed denly she heard a motor whirr so close she jumped.

to live through it,"he replied in a faraway voice. Jimmie and his convertible were practically up on

She would have been inexpressively happy if he the walk beside her.

had put his arm around her and drawn her close to He flung the door open. "Jump in."

him. But the lights of another car appeared, and Mechanically, she obeyed, noting he was barehe was completely occupied with the wheel. It headed, dressed in a plain cotton shirt and tan denim

seemed no time then before the lights in the wide, trousers. "I... I... thought you were going to run

sleepy main street were directly in front of them. over me,"she gasped. (Continued on page 668)

THE WORTH OF A SMILE

BY SARAH P. WEST

A smile has wiped away many a tear and

Healed a broken heart.

A smile will gather sunshine Through clouds so heavy and dark.

A smile is worth a million Yet does not cost a penny.

Wear a smile and give it away;

Your day will end with many;

For each one you give, one will return.

The more you give the sooner you learn

The worth of a smile as it goes on its way.

Turning sadness to gladness day after day.

SEPTEMBER I960 643 Roaring and crackling through bonedry brush and pine needles, a searing blaze swept through California's Angeles National Forest. Billowing smoke,

hot and acrid, surged upward and burst into soaring flames that enveloped the trees. Hot sparks and tongues of fire leaped and scattered ahead of the

conflagration, softening a way for the hungry, firebreathing monster's knockout punch.

the Southwestern Region of the U S Forest Up ahead a fire fighting crewcutting, scrapIn 1949, ing, digging—worked with feverish haste to make a Service requisitioned the Red Hats to help stamp out

firebreak over which the holocaust must not pass. severe fires in nearby Lincoln National Forest. They

But sudden gvists of wind threw sparks and flames so distinguished themselves in clearing firebreaks—

across the line, igniting spot fires behind the fighters. a mankilling, hot, and dangerous job—that news of

It seemed like a losing battle. The sector boss sprinted their stellar work spread.

up to warn the men to evacuate—but fast. "You Soon requests for Indian crews to fight fires in

can't hold here,"he bellowed. national forests throughout the West began to flood

The straw boss calmly surveyed the situation, then the Southwestern Region's headquarters at Albuquerannounced to his crew: "We hold here."His men que. The U S Indian Service, National Park Service,

dashed about like sweating demons. In almost inand Forest Service now coordinate their efforts in

sufferable heat and blinding, choking smoke, they recruiting and training Indians. Today there are

slapped out spot fires with shovels and smothered virtually hundreds of crews lending a helping hand others with dirt. at forest fires in a dozen states. A typical crew conThe doughty members of the fire fighting crew sists of twentvfive men, one of whom the Indians

were Zuni Indians from New Mexico. In the past select as their boss.

ten years Indian crews from the Mescalero Apache, Indian crews excel in clearing firebreaks with hand

Hopi, Ute, Navajo, Zuni, Taos, Domingo, Cochiti, and tools—mattocks, picks, shovels, and axes—and that's

other tribes have established enviable reputations as their chief work. They attack this hazardous, backfire fighters. breaking job with a verve and enthusiasm that seldom

"The Indians are coming,"a bloodchilling cry of deserts them, even in the face of tremendous odds.

the frontier, today has come to mean hope, relief, They well know the importance of quickly establishand thankfulness. In cooperation with the U S Forest ing a line, and they work rapidly.

Service, descendants of Geronimo, Cochise, and other Fortunately, the burning desert sun has inured their

Southwestern tribal chieftains battle a common foebodies to high temperatures a white man could not forest fires. long endure.

A. B. Shields, ranger for the Indian Service on the Veteran foresters marvel at the Indians'assiduous

MescaleroApache Reservation in New Mexico, orlabor and seemingly inexhaustible endurance. Conganized and trained the initial crew of Indian fire sider the Zuni crew which arrived at a San Bernardino

fighters. Indians like the idea, for fighting fire is one Forest camp just before daybreak, after a tiring plane

thing the inscrutable white man does that makes sense trip from New Mexico.

to them. The Mescalero dubbed themselves "Red Finishing chow at dawn, they hurried out to battle

Hats"from the color of the safety "hard hats"they a conflagration that was raging out of control. The

wear at fires. Zunis toiled unremittingly {Continued on page 669)

BY FRANK L.

REMINGTON HOPI DOMINGO

644 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. Tf

-a-'

ii

#1K.f.r

jjSiF /Vl

A/A;:.

.A FAMILY HOBBY.

BY RUSSEL RAYMOND VOORHEES, LITT. D. the head of the family. Perhaps he works in a garage,

for instance, or he may have an automobile agency.

Family life has always been one of the solid foundaIn such a case he would be especially interested in tions upon which to rear children. And family life automobiles. Many countries have issued some most

means doing things together as a family. One drawattractive postage stamps showing automobiles as

back to doing things together as a family, lies in the the central motif of the design. Many men whose

fact that there are not too many things that appeal work is connected with automobiles are finding that equally to adults and children. Generally those things making a collection of automobiles on stamps is a

that appeal to adults are too advanced for the children, most fascinating pastime.

and those things that appeal to children are of little Then there is Mother. Few people will be so bold

interest to adults because there is no adult level to as to say that she has plenty of time on her hands most of them. when she is lost for something to do. But be that

Faced with the problem of finding something that as it may, Mother needs some interest outside of her makes an equal appeal to adults and children, a home and family for relaxation. Again stamp colgrowing number of families have discovered stamp lecting comes to the rescue. It is nothing unusual

collecting. Children have collected stamps for years for Mother to love children, her own children and

and years, collecting them, of course, on a level comchildren in general. Many countries have issued

mensurate with their youthful years. At the same some most attractive stamps showing children of the

time adults have found that collecting stamps is a issuing countries at school, at work, and at play. Makhobby as profound as the collector wishes to make it. ing a collection of such stamps will give Mother some

Here then is something that can be engaged in by the of the relaxation she needs.

whole family, sitting around the family dining table And in a family there are, of course, the children.

after the dishes have been cleared. Each can engage Their interests will vary with their years, and in the

in the hobby according to his years, his education, younger years they are liable to change interests and his desires, but all can engage in it as a family, a several times a week according to the things they unit. see. But let us suppose that the boy in the family is

Take Dad, for instance, who still is looked upon as interested in boats. As a baby he may have had a

*I6

STAMP COLLECTING

little boat that he sailed in the bathtub while being rather than making a general stamp collection of the bathed. A few years later he still played with the stamps of the world, it naturally follows that each

little boat which helped to take the curse off of taking member of the family won't be able to use the regular a bath. A few years later he can begin to collect stamp albums. On the contrary specialized collecboats on stamps. It is surprising to find so many countions such as these will be mounted in plain looseleaf

tries that have issued stamps showing native boats. albums, either on white pages or on jetblack pages.

A collection of them will hold the interest of any Although it is true that most collectors use white pages boy. for mounting their stamps, many collectors are finding

The little daughter is a member of the family unit, that the stamps do not show up so well because most too. She has her interests just as has her brother, stamps have a white margin. The white margin is

Dad, and Mother. These interests may vary because lost on the white page. As a result many collectors

she is young, but flowers always play an interesting are now turning to black pages. The black backpart in girls'lives whether they are small, teenagers, ground seems to add beauty to the colorful stamps

or mature women. All right, the little girl in the and makes each stamp stand out as a thing of beauty.

family can collect flowers on stamps. Again many The stamps that are collected may be either unused

countries have issued some beautiful stamps, often in or used. If they are used, they will, of course, be

natural colors, showing native flowers. A collection cancelled, in which case the cancellation may cover

of such stamps is like a miniature flower garden of up so much of the design that much of the beauty of beauty from the four corners of the world. the stamp is lost. For that reason many prefer to

This is just a "for example"family. Dad may have collect unused stamps which have no cancellation to

other interests, and so may Mother and the children, mar their beauty. Unused stamps will generally cost

but whatever it is, there are stamps that fit into the a little more than the used ones, but many feel that interests of each. Collecting the stamps that most apthe added cost is money well spent. Stamp dealers

peal to each member of the family gives each a hobby all over the country as well as many five and ten cent that can be indulged in as a unit, a family. stores sell stamps. In addition many magazines carry

Since stamp collecting will be engaged in as a famadvertisements of stamp dealers who sell through the ily hobby, along specialized lines as indicated above. mail so it is not difficult to buy the stamps one wishes.

s s.; %.*%W5 nj <*

I iK ''Wffww.)m*tia ii* ttthAx.ix'itiiiyiiti HAiumMmiwocmwmN>9A\.n$f

Dt MOiCRATISCH I tjrUBtSK Stamps are mounted on album pages by means of stamp to which it refers or, in the case of the name of what are called "hinges,"small pieces of semitrans- the issuing country, at the top of the proper album parent paper gummed on one side. There are two page.

kinds of hinges, the peelable and the nonpeelable. A binder will be needed into which the looseleaf

The difference in cost between the two is only a few pages may be put. Stamp dealers sell two and three

cents and since the peelable kind permit the removal ring binders as do most five and ten cent stores and of the hinge from the stamp it is advisable to buy the stationery stores. The price will depend on how much

peelable kind. After all they cost only about twenty quality you wish to purchase when buying the binder.

cents a thousand hinges. To mount the stamps a These binders come in twoand threering styles, the

hinge is folded in half with the gum side out. Then threering binders being better because they cause

one portion is slightly moistened and attached to the less wear on the holes punched along the lefthand stamps just below the top of the stamp. The other side of the looseleaf sheets. There is practically no

part of the hinge is then slightly moistened, and the difference in the cost between twoand threering stamp is mounted in its proper place on the album binders.

page. Any local stamp Many families who

dealer will show the behave started collecting ginner just how to mount stamps as a family hobTUESDAY'S MISSIONARY the stamps. It is really by have found that

very easy. BY GEORGE ALBERT RYAN after a few years colSince making a collecting specialized lines,

lection of stamps as Widow, turned homeward, ran now. their interest has grown

suggested for the variBeating rain sweeps her brow so that they seek larger ous members of a family With gaining fury, as her steps. fields. Dad may be from

will be specialized col- a family that originally yet aching; Hands, came to this countrylections, there won't be her mind, Not still

any need to write up the Hum of the mill lingering. from Holland, England,

collection in the same Italy, or other foreign complete way that colFeet, arching, grip each step upwardparts. He may decide

stop. to all start collectinglectors follow make Then who

her flight! Not vain,... the stampscollections issued by the countries. by

But even these specialHands, yet aching, (joy won) country of his forebears.

ized collections should Hold fast glad hope: Mother may be of

be briefly written up to The weekly nearness of her son. the original stock that

make them more interfounded this country so esting. The stamps from she may want to begin

each country may be moimted on separate pages a collection of United States stamps. The son may

which page should be headed by the name of the become a Cub Scout with the hope of becoming a country. Then it might be well to state briefly under Boy Scout when he is old enough. He may want to

each stamp what the scene is or what flower is picmake a collection of Boy Scouts on stamps of which tured on the stamps. In each case the amount of there are many. And the daughter learning about the

writeup will be dictated by personal interests because many countries that make up this world may find her stamp collecting is definitely a personal hobby. interest widening to include all of the countries in this

If black album pages are used, it will be found a bit evershrinking world. She may begin to collect the

difficult to add the writeup with white ink because stamps of the world. But whether the individual

white ink is rather hard to use. There are white pencils, interests of the family enlarge or remain tied to a

but they generally make a rather faint line so many single specialized idea, stamp collecting will become collectors have resorted to typing whatever writeup the family hobby. It will be found that year after

that is wanted on white paper that is gummed on one year, it is one thing that families can do together as a side. Then the writeups are cut to leave just a small unit with each member of the family collecting accordmargin around the typing and each pasted under the ing to his interests.

648 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

r raKV

>A'm j#t iiil

< ttizs with teachers, c collection cozy I /(h Your the cciP. autumn

... inimitabh the boasting

4f ness of "hello week,"lunch lines, pep assemblies, and yearbooks.

Wour world awakening deeper '"I new wisdoms, creating broader interests, developing fierce loyalties, j

Your world... mething,

indeed, to shout about. For alphabetically speaking, it's all there,

Irything to mcike the 4xperience f school memorable—everything.-V

rom A... to Z. /ff

n 1-

/I

A. 'I m

f

%.,r

-'f V.-,''

ti A

IT'S FORTIME GOOD

by Marion D. Hanksalance

What do you think about when you hear of balance?

Do you get a picture of a performer on a tightrope, or you walking a pipe fence, or a ballet dancer on tiptoe?

These good and important and difficult young days—aredays ofthehabitforming,right days toattitudeacquiring,think about balance,decisionmakingabout wisely

proportioning the different elements of our lives (as Christ did when he "increased in wisdom and stature, and in favour with God and man").

We all know someone who isn't very wellbalanced, who isn't wellrounded. MARTY MUSCLES may be long

on weight lifting and short on friendliness or manners or studiousness or spiritual strength. PATTY PARTYGOER

could seem to have a corner on cuteness and datepopularity and be missing the talents and developed abilities a wife and homemaker must have to be successful. STEVE

STUDIOUS might be wrapped up in books to the exclusion of experience and associations that would help him to use his intellect to bring happiness to himself and mankind.

Maybe RUTH RELIGIOUS fails to understand some of the most important principles of faith if she isn't serving and sharing and learning to love all mankind. It may even be

that IRA INDIFFERENCE or DORA DIFFIDENT aren't taking time to develop their abilities in any of these pursuits, let alone seeking to balance their lives by working at all of them.

Isn't that the secret? One has to take time, seek earnestly, and work to get good balance in living

Talents? Physical qualities? Circumstances? Different

for each of us, to be sure! But time? The same number of

hours each day for all of us! The desire and the willingness

to work to develop our different abilities can be acquired.

We have to want to be happy and useful and balanced.

So, take time to study, to read and think and prepare, to practice. Take time to play, to participate, to have fun

and laugh. Take time to be friendly, to be interested and

kind. Take time to be healthy, to walk and swim and bicycle, to eat wisely, sleep sufficiently, be clean. Take time

to learn manners and to be mannerly, to listen, to express appreciation. Take time to work and earn your way, and

maybe help out at home if this is your privilege. Take time

to serve, to take part, to look around and be unselfish. Take

time for seminary and Sacrament meeting and ward teaching or Primary teaching, and to visit the hos lonely widow. Take time to pray.

There is time enough for all these thi but no time to kill] Many young people ar and finding balance; they are preparing fo

having it along the way.

'TIS SiI SiSi one whoI havelovesbeenthecalledgospela ofstudentJesus ofChrist.science.ForButme Itheream alsohas

CO of the principles in reconciling difficultyJ no serious been o?i < so -to

CO principles for both are of true religion, the science with true so s s> SO verities. eternal the with concerned =0CO <o CO HO IS

to I CO conreligion True CO OQ CO True religion is not a narrow thing.?> 00 encerns and the man

50 in which universe oo tire HOi his SI It concerns he lives.

HOlCO relationships with him- I <3 self and his fellow men, IS with his environment, I-o and with God his Creator. It is therefore

limitless, and as boundSi less as that eternity which it teaches lies oo aheadGod. "Beof everyye thereforeson ofsi

perfect, even as your is in Father whichCO 5v I- 5 heaven is perfect."

(Matt. 5:48.) What a

CO challenge to every man 5- so?5 lies in these words from

the Master, to develop so himself, to strive, to CO CO learn, to seek, to go for- o < ward that he might become as God!

riiso HO;:> so?3 - SiI Sie

as CO is> Si In times of uncertainty such as the present the increasCO CO ing effort to understand man's place in the grand scheme of?3 so things proceeds at an accelerated pace. That understanding

the laboratory; alone for not many of its anis a problem Si k? ''Si o of the spiritual. realm in the found will be swers

I would like to suggest to youth who may feel inclined When I left home to go to college, my father said to me, to disparage religion as they pursue other studies, that they "Son, I have never intentionally told you an untruth.

will bring enrichment to their lives by cultivating faith and You must never believe anything that isn't true, no matter an interest in things of the spirit as they follow their other who tells it to you.

pursuits. Such faith will never detract from their abilities "Now, I believe the gospel is the truth. It is not a fragile

in other fields, but it will broaden their thinking and give thing and will bear searching examination.

added depth to their character. "Remember to be clean. Never profane the name of God.

Always live so that you will be comfortable in the company of good people. Search for truth diligently and prayerfully.

I believe that many of our young people have impover- I know you will be all right."

ished their lives by a thoughtless denial of the faith of their fathers in their desire to be what they call scientific and objective. The Lord himself outlined the procedure for discovering

religious truth when he said: "If any man will do his will,

he shall know of the doctrine, whether it be of God, or

Most scientists, I believe, would not presume to say that whether I speak of myself."(John 7:17.)

a thing may not be because they do not understand it, nor would they deny the validity of spiritual experiences of others because they have been without such experiences Contemplating the aweinspiring order in the universe, themselves. extending from the almost infinitely small to the infinitely

large, one is overwhelmed with its grandeur and with the limitless wisdom which conceived, created, and governs it

The restored gospel teaches that certain things are all. Our understanding, great as it sometimes seems, can be

known by revelation and by study, but much more remains to nothing but the wideeyed wonder of the child when measbe learned. God in his wisdom will reveal more as the need ured against Omniscience.

arises. We are engaged in a neverending program of eternal

progression. We learned from the Prophet Joseph that man lived before he was born; that life is a school where man is sent to

learn the things the Lord intends; and that he continues on

The scientific method which has served so brilliantly in into life after death. Death is not the end; it is but one more

unraveling the mysteries of this world must be supplemented step in a great forward march made possible by the reby something else if we are to enjoy to the fullest the blessdemption wrought by the Savior. This is the spirit of true

ings that have come of the knowledge gained. It is the great science: constant and eternal seeking.

mission and opportunity of religion to teach men "the way, the truth, the life,"that they might utilize the discoveries of the laboratory to their blessing and not to their destruction. God grant that in seeking the mysteries of his handiThere is need for added spirituality, of the kind that leads work, we may also learn his great religious truths (which we

to brotherhood, to go hand in hand with the scientific have been prone to disregard) that our efforts might become progress of our time. a blessing unto us.

t.

;Popf

.''O-O-iWi,''MaIXjj

.'. /r. / ', I., "'I

'"'> 'Gt.>; -'; I

'''''o:'-,- >,,

Or i 'f5; fr, n 'r:"o. Ali kintLs (?f thirh-.s

"'"'"'-''''"'-<-l o,,.,.,,

""-*- -a.i,I,.a.a( hook.,,.,;

i-- *--"''-J'-t.M.tu,K U> talk or Lls,

''""''*''-'vUt H CcNL """and,>,,,,,;

>v t f G p <tiffer witiiout -,<., raiuoi-

'''-- -"'h...i,,,,,,,,,,.,

"'''''—'- -<.. rua, ou....-.

"'''>'--nH.n, all.}u..,,,(,,,,,,,,

''"'''''"- - '-- <Von, each "'*"'''''"'*'"-"for H. rnun, of

'"-"--'. -HUvH.o.o I,,,,,-,,,,, IdMiL, A'tAjli A-t Jc444*w

''"''*'''----H"-:Hu.so and sud,

''''''""''''-'-fron,o,. hearts

"""'- ""'''-"and r.e.naai it

'-'<. -."I.hw bv IW... by voi., by

"''*''. ami a thousand of h,r|,i,a,:

'"'"""''"'- 'naoH. uhid, ru..d &iA: tan'U

our Very souJs"and'.ii,!,,r,d many mad*, u

one.

I *.\UKU.-.f Hi.'

* (* t> ''n T i i

s!v.*.*i'\li

SHARE YOUR TALENTS if you have them. If you think you

haven't any, remember that there is plenty to do on yearbooks, school paper staffs, stage crews, and in service clubs for the willing worker. The teens who have the best time in school are the

ones who get in and do things. Learn to give of yourself. Teens

should be active in church life, too. It presents an excellent program for us and gives us a pattern by which to shape our lives in

all its many facets. Even if you are the only one in your school

who believes as you do, you'll find you'll be admired for your high ideals if you live up to them. There just aren't enough people

—Jimlike thatChristensen,in the world.Santa Monica Stake, California. Student body

president; yearbook art editor for 3 years, dramatics.

BEING A MEMBER OF THE LDS CHURCH has helped me tremendously in my activities at school. Giving talks since early childhood and participating in roadshows and other activities have

increased my poise and my interest in things. I've made so many

friends this way, too. I think that learning to be prayerful and

asking for guidance in everything you do is invaluable. You're

bound to be more successful if Heavenly Father is helping you.

Also, teens are more popular if they learn to treat others the way they like to be treated. The Church helps us put this into practice

in a hundred different ways and then it's easier to carry it over—Joanieinto otherShaw,partsInglewoodof our life.Stake, California. Yell queen, member of

the Honor Board, student body vice president.

PREPARE AND PARTICIPATE. You might also try being

pleasant in appearance, personality, and in accepting assignments.

You'll make yourself more valuable and desirable this way both for the school and as a friend. Prepare for your assignments

whether for school or activities or in Church. When you are given

something to do, DO it, or you may not get another chance with the crowd. Participate in everything possible, clubs, student government, assemblies, class parties. Attend the meetings and voice

—Brentyour opinionJackson,and Westoffer Boiseto helpStake,on projects.Idaho. Student body president,

seminary president, all state football.

FRIENDLINESS IS THE KEY to a successful school life. Be

friendly to old and young, and it will pay off in achievement and personal happiness. If people like you, opportunities for getting in

things will come. It's more fun to decorate the gym with someone

likeable, you know? Once in, give it all you have. Another thing,

it's good to try and take an interest in others. Be a good listener.

Ask them questions. Cooperate with them and not always want

your own way. Take advantage of Church training. It's tops for

developing—Penny Patterson,leadershipBeaver Stake, Utah. i-H, student body officer,

school band, and pep club.

TOP GRADES ARE A MUST FOR A GOOD LEADER. You just

aren't respected if you don't keep up with lessons and participate in class. WORK at enjoying school. Giving something to the experience will help you get something out of it. Be bold. Don't be

afraid to say your piece. Spend some time thinking about how to

improve things at school or getting some ideas and then share them. Remember, others are as afraid as you are. So it's the daring ones who will be heard. Support all the games and activities at

school and feel as though you're part of them. Know what's

—Ronaldgoing on inGeorge,the classroomWeber Heightsand out Stake,of it! Ogden, Utah. President

Ogden High, athlete. Duty to God Award, National Boy Scout Jamboree.

DON'T EXPECT TO BE THE BIG THING on campus. Go to

school with the idea of supporting others in the big jobs and working unselfishly to make your school the best. Your turn will

come. A good student leader has earned his job by being a hard

and enthusiastic worker and being sincerely interested in others.

You should know what you believe in. Churchwise, schoolwise,

activitywise as well as in other phases. A weakling isn't popular.

Have strong beliefs and stick to them. Let people know they can

count on you, that you aren't hypocritical. A ready smile goes a

long way, too. Greet everyone in a friendly manner, not just the

—Janiceones in yourTaylor,ownPhoenixcrowd. Stake, Arizona. Student and class officer,

queen, Girls State, DAR, and Silver Gleaner.

. at schoolwith it.

Some advice from example setters

t M, 'A4

OF SIGNALSAMJD SCOREBOARDS

(How to be cjooi and competent when the man with the v/hist!e and sred shirt gets in the act!)

1st perlVMHIHIB.LING! Having adthe teams or the referee has vanced ten yards in four or less

called for TIME OUT. Players and downs, the offensive team gets

clock stop running. to try it again! FIRST DOWN!

OOPS! A lineman has moved HALT WHERE YOU ARE! The refs HANDS UP! No holdup or victowards his opponent before the flapping wing notes a PERSONtory celebration in progress; a

ball is snapped (or kicked on AL FOUL by some redblooded, team has scored a TOUCHkick-off). He's OFFSIDE! Penalty! overanxious player. They'll be DOWN! (A field goal brings on

penalized! this impartial exuberance also!)

aM.-

A MILLION

BY wiNNiFRED c. JARDINE Few things areTHANKSmore pleasing to see than a grateful heart

wrapped up in a teen. It's a pleasure to be

with him; it's a joy to do things for him!

Saying "thank you"is an art many people never learn. A smart teen can learn to do it

graciously and in many different ways 1. WRITE ANOTEMake it short, and if you like, use a little art work. It

needn't be on fancy stationery; why not a square of colored construction

paper cut with pinking shears? Without being mushy or insincere, pen

a happy line of thanks for a new shirt or blouse, for tickets to the game or the ballet. Use the postman for deliveries, then you're not around when

it's read. 2. do a FAvoRThis is a subtle to use with your best way—good

friend or your parents. It takes an understanding heart to recognize this

as a "thank you."Rise half an hour early and polish your dad's shoes

this in thanks for his letting you use the car last night. Or make fudge to

give the boy who helped haul scenery for the class play. 3. a telephone cailMake it on the first impulse, then it's the most effective. Don't feel embarrassed, just be sure you let the fella or gal on the other end of the

line feel your gratitude—for helping in boning for an exam, for a kind

word, for introducing you to a new friend. 4. a happy lookHow nice to

show appreciation in your face—a quick and ready smile, shining eyes,

a warm look. To many folks this is the best thanks of all—and can be a

secret communication between you and the person you're thanking. It

involves no stammering, no selfconsciousness. And it 5. a gift or treatneedn't be expensive! Tuck a candy bar in your kid brother's sock

drawer for his letting you use his ball point. Dangle some candy kisses

from your sis's tennis racket before putting it back in her closet. Stick

it.four pieces of gum in your chum's science book—when you return

And how about clipping the fifth piece to your English theme when you hand it in? After all, teachers deserve some thanks, too

Know what? If you can show

your thanks in many different

ways, people will surely find life a lot more pleasant with you in it uvw

I'D LIKE TO KNOW

QUESTION: honest, live the Word of Wisdom and the

I am in the Navy a long way from home principle of tithing, be actively engaged in and away from any organized Church acChurch service, and be in harmony with

I priest. the office of holdtivities.

what Church leaders, principles, and practices. and requirements are theWhat

steps have to be taken to be married in Since marriage in the temple is ''for time the temple? My desire is to be ready for and all eternity,"preparation for it should

this great experience when I am disbe thorough and sincere. Gospel principles

charged. should be studied prayerfully. Church standBOYD H.

ards should be devotedly lived. One should be

ANSWER "anxiously engaged"in the good cause.

One going to a temple must have a Because faithful participants in temple recommend from his bishop and stake presimarriage are sealed together and with their dent. A recommend is issued after personal children forever, the courtship which preinterviews which determine that the candicedes such a marriage must be a wholesome

date is spiritually ready and meets the high association in which respect and love grow standards of morality, faithfulness, and loytogether, and which leads to happy memories alty required of those who participate in the and joyful eternal family relationships.

sacred ordinances of the temple. Obviously, Boyd, every young man and

A man must hold the Melchizedek Priestwoman in the Church should be preparing hood and honor it. He must be morally clean, for marriage in the temple now!

TOTE TRICK... for schoolbooks,

lunches, and youknow-whatall is aCONVER- X canvas bag in bright school colors.

Clever girls stitch their own and often make them for the fellows. Felt orSATION!! fishnet can be used instead. At this

!!! point, more and more boys are poking PIECE X X their gear into honestto-WallStreet

brief cases, no less.

marks the spot Y is for youXXZ is the buzz-z-z in the BIG IDEAS... for your

halls at school. favorite school or civic

All of which prove the happy combination of group to consider. Credit

the place, the people and the talk makes settling for these tips goes to Joan back to school satisfying business. There is so E. Rose, yearly Individual

much to catch up on, so much to be shared. Award winner of Nyssa

(Such as who has cut her hair. Or what's the Stake, Vale, Oregon. Acstatus of favorite twosomes and who's trip tive in church and school,

souvenir is most gruesome.) If you feel a bit she still finds time to serve

strange at first, think up a question to ask and JOAN E. ROSE as state leader in a girl's

plunge right in. You'll be most welcome. club. Her threefold plan for group projects

includes providing bedding for the Children's

COVER CROWD... serpentine their way Hospital; starting a revolving fund for the

into a full year of school ahead wearing newHome for the Deaf, whereby a youngster can est fall togs ranging from madras to mocs, purchase a calf, raise it, sell it, return the batik to bulky sweaters. Living it up as the purchase price to the fund for another's use,

Rah! Rah! rooters are Ann Kingdon, David and keep the profit for himself; third,

Ashton, Julie Brienholt, Kathleen Evans, supporting a fund for camping equipment

Jaime Cannon, Vicki Wilkinson and Paul for the mentally retarded. All this from one

Gardiner. wonderful teen's mind for the good of others.

LITTLE SINGING PINE BY HAROLD HELPER

Everyone called him Little Singing Pine. And no creeks or looking for bullfrogs. But I guess of all

wonder. That was his name. He was an Indian boy. the things we did on this particular Friday is what

He had right black hair and eyes just about as dark. I'll always remember most of all.

There was something sawedofF-looking about him, It started out like almost any other day. We denot to mention a little bowleggedy. cided to pick pinto beans. Little Singing Pine said

He could run pretty fast though. And he was good he knew where there was a whole patch of 'em growat other things, too, such as climbing trees and jumping wild, and that anybody could go and pick them,

ing on boulders and finding old arrowheads. as they didn't belong to anybody, and that we could

Something else he was good at was telling stories. bring some home to our mothers to cook and not only

They were all about Indians and about how brave that we could sell some, too. "Pinto beans very good,"

they were and everything. It was almost as good he said. "Best beans in the world. Better than string

listening to him as watching TV, although his stories beans, even. Much better."

always seemed to end differently. In his stories, the I didn't argue. I didn't even know what pinto beans

Indians always won. were. But if Little Singing Pine wanted to pick them

It was way out in Arizona; it was even far from other it was all right with me. What did I care? We'd

places in Arizona. My dad had come out there on become buddies, Little Singing Pine and me. Little

some kind of business, and my mother and I went Singing Pine always seemed to make everything along with him, it being summertime. They didn't interesting. Once it hailed, and he said the spirits

even have a hotel in the whole town. We had to up in the sky were sad about something, so sad they

stay in a boardinghouse kind of place. didn't feel warm about anything, and their tears had

There was a kind of hut next door, and that's where turned to icicles, which is why we were getting pelted

Little Singing Pine lived. He talked English, same as as we were. He tried never to step on worms beeverybody does in this country, unless they're forcause he said that worms were very poor relations to

eigners anyway, but his English didn't seem to sound snakes and you ought to feel sorry for them, being so exactly like the real American English. There was skimpy and everything.

something a little odd about it. And another reason he wanted to get some pinto

Still, you could understand what he said, which is beans, besides the fact that they just naturally tasted the main thing when you're listening to somebody, good, was that they were left over from stuff that the and we had a lot of fun doing different things, like spirits had made Indian people out of, you could tell going off into the woods or skimming rocks across that all right, they were exactly the same color as

SEPTEMBER I960 649 Indian people, and so if you ate pinto beans, especially hard this time. Or that it was going to be a stormif you were an Indian, more flesh would be added to lightning and thunder and all that. But when all that

you and you would become bigger. thunder started thundering away, and the very ground

I guess Little Singing Pine got all these things from we were on seemed to shake we started running, and

Chief Yellow Hide, who was his grandfather, and as fast as we could too, there hardly being anything seemed to know a lot, especially about Indian things, else we could do.

and he must have got some of it from some of his I don't know which is scarier, lightning or thunder.

other folks, too. I knew now, even before seeing Thunder makes everything sound so awful, like the

them, that pinto beans were going to seem a little odd world is coming to an end, but it's the lightning that and maybe even a little scary. What I didn't know seems to mean the most business, darting around and

was that I wasn't going to see any pinto beans that about like it does.

afternoon. In fact, for a while, it didn't appear as Little Singing Pine was running out in front, but

though I was ever going to see anything else at all I was giving a pretty good imitation of being just again. about up there with him, I can tell you that. And then,

And there didn't even seem to be a cloud in the suddenly, and all at once, it happened. I guess I'll

sky when we started out into the woods. But the never know exactly what, but one thing is for sure,

clouds just seemed to get together and get together, it happened all right!

like Indians holding a powwow, and the next thing, You'd think if somebody was hit by lightning they'd before you knew it, just sort of all of a sudden, the sky know it for sure, no doubt about it. All I can say

had got very dark. It seemed almost like night, and though is, maybe I was, and maybe I wasn't. All I

it was hardly past lunch time. know is a great big white flash seemed to suddenly

I guess we were about a mile into the woods by burst right before me, it was so bright it seemed to then, maybe even more. It's hard to tell how far you've blind me, and the next thing I knew I was on the

gone into woods, since there aren't blocks there, and ground. That wasn't quite all, either. Something

you can't add up twelve and say that's a mile. But was on me. And this something turned out to be a

I know \ye'd gone pretty far into the woods because tree.

we'd crossed two or three creeks, not to mention a Maybe the lightning hit the tree and toppled it over hill or two and a brier patch and whatnot. on me, and maybe I wasn't hit at all or maybe it hit

Even if we hadn't gone so far into the woods I don't both of us. I didn't know, and, frankly, I didn't care.

suppose we'd have turned around. We'd been out All I knew was I was pinned down to the ground and

in the rain before. You just get a little wet, that's couldn't move, and my chest felt real heavy and

all—which isn't so terrible and is even a little nice. funny, and I could hardly breathe.

Of course, we had no idea it was going to rain so But something even odder and stranger and more

650 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA peculiar than this happened. Little Singing Pine was about gone, and I just lay there calling to the Indian

only about ten yards or so away, farther down the boy, there he was. It seemed more like a dream

path, when all this took place. He saw the lightning though, his face there before me. I guess I really

flash and everything. Then he just stood there and didn't believe it was so at first, even after he dug and

gawked at me, lying there on the ground, helpless. shoved and pulled me out and put me on his shoulders

And then, all at once he started running—but the and started carrying me away, as I seemed to be in

same way he'd been going, away from me! a daze most of that time.

I guess I could hardly believe it. I remember cryWell, as you no doubt can tell by me telling all this,

ing out to him, calling his name and saying, "Come I got well all right and didn't die, and Little Singing and get me, come and get me!"Pine and I are still as good buddies as anything.

The tree wasn't one hundred percent on me or I This all happened last summer, and I'm back home, guess I'd have been killed. But enough was on me but we keep writing each other, and I might even

to keep me from moving. And my chest felt like it become a cowboy and go out west and live with

was practically flattened to the ground, I could barely him, and we could own a ranch together or somebreathe. And all that rain kept coming down on me, thing.

and it was still thundering and lightning away, too. I guess I'll never forget being struck by lightning

I guess I was just about as scared as I'd ever been, or whatever it was that happened and being pinned if not scareder. It took all my strength to be able under that tree and hardlv able to breathe and all

to holler out to Little Singing Pine to come and help that. But I think the thing I'll remember most is

me, but he didn't come. And my voice kept getting something that happened a little afterwards, about a

thinner and thinner and weaker and weaker. week later, when I wasn't so bad off any more and

I kept hollering though because I felt like soon I I could ask Little Singing Pine why he didn't come wasn't going to be able to breathe at all. It was aland help me right away but ran away instead, and

most as if all the tiees in the woods were bearing what Little Singing Pine said.

down on me. I knew somebody had to come and "I see lightning strike by where you are,"he said.

rescue me, and quick, or I was a goner. "That means evil spirit there. Everybody know that.

I kept calling out until I seemed to be just about And everybody know not ever to go where lightning down to my last breath. And all the time I guess I hit. Else you will die."

felt just as sour as I could toward Little Singing "Then why did you finally come back and get me?"

Pine. Leaving me to die like this. And he was sup- I asked.

posed to be my buddy and everything. Could you "I don't know,"Little Singing Pine shrugged. "I

imagine that! think I die for sure, but it just not seem right to go

And then, when it seemed like my breath was just away and leave you there."

AUTOGRAPH

BY MARGARET GRAHAM COLLINS

Whitewashed adobe bricks that made the walls

Have melted into mud, gone back to earth.

The silence emphasizes wild quail calls

And rustle of tumbleweeds upon the hearth.

Old wooden beams have slivered into dust

That wheels in wisps across the roofless room.

The sagesweet wind, blowing a sudden gust,

Sweeps the eroded step like a ghostly broom.

A hundred years have passed, almost erased

All evidence that humans once lived here

Who built a home, started a herd, and faced

The v\ilderness with courage and fear.

Now just the chimney stands, towering alone,

As if time left an autograph in stone.

SEPTEMBER I960 651

Your Question have perished in their sins ever since and be judged according to men in the world began, that have wilfully the flesh."(D&C 88:9699.)

(Continued from page 626) rebelled against God, that have The final resurrection, which is of known the commandments of God, those who are unworthy, will come our Eternal Father and his Son Jesus and would not keep them; these are at the close of the millennium, or the

Christ will give to all mankind, exthey that have no part in the first end of the world; for it is decreed

cept those who have denied the Holy resurrection."(Mosiah 15:1926.) that even these shall live again, but

Spirit after they have received the John in his vision, saw the time of will be assigned to their own place blessings, some place where he will the coming of Christ. He calls it the according to their works.

make them just as happy as he can first resurrection, because it is the After this explanation we come in the terrestrial, telestial, or some first resurrection for those who have to the point of the question. Why

other place, suited to their condilived and will yet live down to the did Peter, James, John, and Moroni, tion and capacity. coming of the Savior as King of kings receive the resurrection before the

The resurrection at the time of and Lord of lords. Of these he sound of the trump of the angel of

our Lord, brought forth from the wrote God calling for the dead in the first dead all those who had proved "Blessed and holy is he that hath resurrection? The question is in

themselves worthy through the part in the first resurrection: on such error in including John with these

keeping of his commandments. The the second death hath no power, but other brethren. John has not, we

Prophet Abinadi has given us a clear they shall be priests of God and of understand, yet received the resurstatement in relation to these in the Christ, and shall reign with him a rection, for he was promised he following words: thousand years."(Rev. 20:6.) should remain until the second com-

"For were it not for the redempThis is the resurrection as recorded ing of Christ. The simple answer in

tion which he hath made for his in the Doctrine and Covenants. the case of Peter, James, Moroni,

people, which was prepared from the "And they who have slept in their and perhaps some others is, they foundation of the world, I say unto graves shall come forth, for their were called forth because there was you, were it not for this, all mangraves shall be opened; and they also important work for them to do as

kind would have perished. shall be caught up to meet him in resurrected beings. The Lord re-

"But behold, the bands of death the midst of the pillar of heaven—serves the right to call forth from the

shall be broken, and the Son reign- "They are Christ's, the first fruits, dead any soul without waiting for eth, and hath power over the dead; they who shall descend with him the general resurrection at any period

therefore, he bringeth to pass the first, and they who are on the earth of time if he has special work for resurrection of the dead. and in their graves, who are first him to do as in the case of Peter,

"And there cometh a resurrection, caught up to meet him; and all this James, Moroni, and perhaps some

even a first resurrection; yea, even a by the voice of the sounding of the others of whom we are not informed.

resurrection of those that have been, trump of the angel of God. The power of Jesus Christ was made

and who are, and who shall be, even "And after this another angel shall manifest in these cases for he holds until the resurrection of Christ—for sound, which is the second trump; the keys of the resurrection. Howso shall he be called. and then cometh the redemption of ever, we should conclude that the

"And now, the resurrection of all those who are Christ's at his coming; general resurrection is not now going

the prophets, and all those that have who have received their part in the on or there could not be a morning believed in their words, of all those prison which is prepared for them, of the resurrection when the Savior that have kept the commandments that they might receive the gospel, comes.

of God, shall come forth in the first resurrection; therefore, they are the

first resurrection.

"They are raised to dwell with

God who has redeemed them; thus

they have eternal life through Christ, who has broken the bands of death.

"And these are those who have part in the first resurrection; and A TEACHER SAYS

these are they that have died before

Christ came, in their ignorance, not BY RUBY ZAGOREN having salvation declared unto them.

And thus the Lord bringeth about Who comes to me with thirst for knowledge these; of resurrectionthe and they Aching within, surely will receive

first resurrection, a part in thehave or have eternal life, being redeemed Far more than I can give or know.

by the Lord. This I believe.

"And little children also have eternal life.

"But behold, and fear, and tremble Beyond the symbols he will reach before God, for ye ought to tremble; A lasting fealty:

for the Lord redeemeth none such that rebel against him and die in Who comes with love of truth will find their sins; yea, even all those who A deeper truth, a solid reality.

652 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Today, put your car and your cares in hands and you'll see why CONOCO'S

Conoco is the HOTTEST BRAND GOING!

These are the hands that can make you a more confident driver! These are hands you can trust

—for—for productsservice thatthatgoesgivebeyondyou anroutineextra measure of value.

Along broad highways and hometown streets, thousands of Conoco hands are taking the cares out of motoring. They extend a friendly welcome to you at the sign of the Red Triangle. It's their skill

that makes Conoco the Hottest Brand Going.

Trademark 1960, ContinentalpatentedOilbyCompany,Shell Oil Company. Conoco and Carte Blanche Credit Cards are accepted at Conoco stations.

Motor Oil! Get roundthe-clock protection Gasoline! Supercharge with Conoco Royal Service! Conoco hands are quick to clean your

with Conoco allseason Super. Exclusive Oilwith TCP plus. TCP* boosts power, inheadlights; check tires, battery, water.

Plating actually "plates"a magneticlike creases mileage; oilplating action cuts fricThey're the hands that make you a more

film on engine parts that won't drain down, tion wear. After two tankfuls, feel that powconfident driver; make Conoco the Hottest

even overnight! erful difference! Brand Goingl

SEPTEMBER I960 653 'Get Understanding General Omar Bradley, former on him, and after exchanging greetChief of Staff, issued the following ings, the young man said, "Uncle, {Continued from page 629) warning: "With the monstrous you know you are about to die. You weapons man already has, humanity have lived your life and have had

Let us not, then allow our MIA is in danger of being trapped in this everything that money could buy. I

members to think—and thousands of world by its moral adolescence. Our am a young man, just starting in

them have recently received their knowledge of science has clearly life. Would you tell me what you

diplomas from high schools and outstripped our capacity to control would do if you were my age, what colleges—let us not permit them to it. (We have too many men of sciyou, with your varied experiences

assume that they have finished their ence and too few men of God.) We consider the most worthwhile things

education. To become liberally eduhave grasped the mystery of the in life?"

cated those who have finished with atom, and have forgotten the Sermon The old man thought a moment, formal schooling must keep their on the Mount. Man is stumbling and then he said, "If you will open

minds at work. Oliver Hertford reblindly through a spiritual darkness the dresser drawer you will find a

cently said, "The great American while toying with precarious secrets book—a book of poems, and if you

myth is that when someone is handed of life and death. The world has will turn to page seventytwo you

the skin of a dead sheep at graduaattained brilliance without wisdom, will find my answer to your question time, it will keep his mind alive power without conscience. Ours is tion, given better than I could give

forever."Of course that is a myth. a world of nuclear giants, and ethical it. You ask me what is worthwhile,

"Nothing is more terrible than iginfants."what is worth striving for. Let the

norance in action,"said Goethe. We Speaking of faith, I am reminded poet answer you, and imagine as you

must teach our young people that of what happened in New York at read it that I am speaking to you."

the purpose of life is more life, selfthe close of World War L A very > And this is what the young man mastery, the development of charwealthy man—a multimillionaireread aloud while the old man wept:

acter, and its destiny is salvation, was lying near death in a hospital.

exaltation, and eternal increase of He was nearly ninety years of age. I am an alien to the faith my mother

knowledge, wisdom, and dominion. He had made his money by taught me;

Let us follow the admonition of gambling, bootlegging, and in other I am an alien to the God who heard the ancient prophet and with all our illegal and unlawful pursuits. None my mother when she cried.

getting, get understanding—underof his family were present. They I am a stranger to the comfort that

standing of God, of man and of life; had become estranged and had for- "Now I lay me"brought me;

and with that understanding, insaken him; his wife had divorced To the everlasting arms that held my

crease our faith in life, faith in ourhim; he was actually one of the father when he died.

selves, faith in God and in the ultipoorest men in New York, though mate triumph of righteousness. We his assets were listed at seventeen When this big world came and

shall need such faith in the times million dollars. called me, I deserted all to follow;

ahead. A young man, his nephew, called Never noting in my blindness I had

PRAYER FOR A SECONDSTRING PLAYER

BY JEAN MERGARD

The season's nearly done. One Little Leaguer

Sits on the bench, apart, his eyes still eager

Upon the diamond, devouring each play;

And so it's been day after baseball day.

And though he boasts that his team is a whiz,

Not once have any victories been his

To live again in retrospect, because

His aptitude for playing has grave flaws;

And the first team's record places it on top

Of all the teams; theirs is the champion crop

That little needs a secondstringer's zest,

Although a baseball beats within his breast.

But the season's nearly done, and I would scratch

All former prayers if he could make one catch

In one real game! And if it were no trouble.

Perhaps You'd help him hit, even a double.

(It's painful to ignore and not encroach

On the rights of fatherhood, when you're the coach.)

654 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NEWFROM SAMSONITE!

SIDE CHAIR STACKS 20 HIGH

20 CHAIRS HIGH IN 36"SQ, OF FLOOR SPACE.

ARM CHAIR STACKS 7 HiGH AND JUST 6 FEET, 10 INCHES TALL[

THE WORLD'S MOST BEAUTIFUL, MOST COMFORTABLE STACKING CHAIRS!

Samsonite answers your storage problem with ultrametal parts are Bonderized to resist rust, and finished modern Stacking Chairs. in chipresistant baked enamel in your choice of 5 colors

You can store up to 20 of these beautiful chairs in floor (Grey Munster, Gala Red, Gala Blue, Tan Munster, space for one. They're lightweight... easy to handle, Antique White). Built with electrically welded allsteel

practical to use as pullup chairs. And they won't mar square tube frames, Samsonite Stacking Chairs are well

walls, thanks to unique leg construction. The vinyl worth their small extra cost for they'll give extra years

upholstery on the generously padded seats and contourof rugged, attractive, comfortable service! Invest now

curved backrests wipes clean with a damp cloth. All in Samsonite Stacking Chairs.

For church, school, club, other group seating information, see your Yellow Pages or write;

Shwayder Bros., Institutional Seating Div.,

Dept. IE90, Detroit 29, Mich, 1960SamsoniteSTACKING CHAIRS

SEPTEMBER I960 655 slipped my hand from His; It is not wisdom to be only wise, knowing him, I am reminded of anNever dreaming in my dazedness And on the inner vision close the other incident that occurred in New

that the bubble, fame, is hollow; eyes. York recently when a great actor at

That the wealth of gold is tinsel as I But it is wisdom to believe the heart. the close of a performance one

since have learned it is. Columbus found a world, and had evening, was greeted with thunderNo! I spent a lifetime seeking things no chart. ous and repeated applause, to which

I spurned when I had found them, Save that which faith deciphered in he responded again and again, and

I have fought and been rewarded in the skies. then, someone in the audience called

many a winning cause; To trust the soul's invincible surmise. him by name and said, "Would you

But I'd give them all—fame, fortune, Was all his science and his only art. read for us the 23rd Psalm?"

and the pleasures that surround Our knowledge is as a torch of smoky The actor was somewhat surthem—pine. prised, but he responded and said,

If I only had the faith that made my That lights our pathway but one step "Yes, I know the words of the 23rd mother what she was. ahead, Psalm,"and he repeated them. He

Across a void of mystery and dread. read the psalm as an actor would

The poor rich man died the following Bid then the eternal light of faith to read a drama with gestures and day. shine, proper emphasis; it was doubtless

I bring to you my own testimony—By which alone the human heart is impressive but not very inspiring,

and hope you will take it to MIA led but when he finished there was more members everywhere—that things Unto the thinking of a thought diapplause. Then the actor, calling

alone will not bring happiness nor vine."for silence, said, "Ladies and gentlepeace; that real and lasting values—George Santayana men, there is an elderly man sitting

are mental and spiritual; that faith on the front row with whom I am

in the gospel of the Lord, Jesus Brethren and sisters, I bring to you acquainted. I am going to ask him,

Christ, is life's richest treasure; this morning a testimony ccmcerning without notice, to come to the stage

God's greatest gift. Let us introduce the Redeemer of the world, the Son and really read the 23rd Psalm."

our young people to the prophets of God, Jesus of Nazareth; a testiThe old man, of course, was frightand apostles of old and of modern mony of my own personal knowledge ened, but he made his way to the

times, to Abraham, Moses, Isaiah, that he lives and that he is my Restage, and looking out over that sea

Jeremiah, Amos, Joel, and the other deemer and my friend. I bring to of faces was almost panicstricken

great prophets. Have them listen you a challenge that you learn of until he closed his eyes, folded his

to Peter and John, Luke and Paul. him and follow him, emulate his life hands, and prayerfully said:

Let them read the inspiring mesand apply in your lives the principles sages of these great men of old. of his gospel, that you may achieve "The Lord is my shepherd; I shall

Through them they will get an unimmortality and eternal life and not want.

derstanding of the Master Teacher, eternal increase. When I speak of "He maketh me to lie down in green

the one, incidentally, who had the best education of any man who ever lived for he was with God in the beginning, he was God and was the

Creator of all that is. Teach them to

love him and to honor him by hontooring themselves. them Teach SCHOOL IN SESSION

for "aslisten [a their hearts to he man] thinketh in his heart, so is he."BY IRIS W. SCHOW Let us all be responsive to what

the poet has called the "invincible surmise,"or what Jesus called faith. Here in the capsule world, the pintsized nation,

shall the kind to have needWe of Young eyes will sight the emerald towers of Oz; BrigLehi,faith that led Moses, and

ham Young to their respective promThe mountains of the moon will be discovered ised lands, the faith that made Nephi And the astounding laws one of the greatest of the prophets;

the faith that sustained Mosiah,

Alma, and King Benjamin; that enThe magnet knows. The maze of long division

abled Moroni to carry on alone after Will prompt less awe for its intricacy;

all about him had been slain.

Teach them that only they who The bean plant's mode of growth will be admired endure to the end will be saved and For its efficacy.

enduring to the end involves improving oneself while he endures. Speaking of the "invincible surmise"I am While wonders of the world unfold before them,

reminded of what the poet said: Esteem for truth will grow with selfesteem.

For child and adult here are drawn together "Oh, world, thou choosest not the better part; In duty, deed, and dream.

656 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA In solo or ensemble...

OPEN CONTRA CHORAL STRING 'STOPPED

DIAPASON; DULCIANA; BOURDON BASSOON UTE CELLO BASS LIEBLICH DIAPASON FLUTE SALICIONAL

16'16'16'16'8'8'4'16'8'8'8'

/ 1, / 4

all these Baldvm stops speak

\ j

ORCH. FRENCH VOX DOUBLE

FLUTE SALICET NAZARD FLAUTINO CLARINET OBOE HORN HUMANA TROMPETTE CLARION DULCiANA 1 4'4'2W 2'8'8'8'8'8'4'16'

.- independently, authentically

OPEN CLARAOCTAVE:

DIAPASON DULCIANA BELLA GEMSHORN OCTAVE GEMSHORN FIFTEENTH 4'4'

You will find all of these stops on the Baldwin Model lOA

Electronic Organ. If you were to hold a note and try each

stop one at a time, your own trained ear would tell you that no two Baldwin voices are alike. Each of the 32 stops speaks

with its own distinctive tone color and scale, its own individual pitch. Each can be integrated into any combination.

Further, the harmonic structure of every Baldwin stop is authentic, corresponding to the natural harmonics of that voice. The Baldwin also offers you the additional resources

of mutation stops—Nazard 2 ft. on the Swell and a threerank mixture on the Great. You will feel at home at the

Baldwin. Not only the stops, but the arrangement of couplers, pistons, pedals, controls studs toe to conforms and FREE!

of Organists. of the Guild Baldwin Americanstandards The For more detailed information

IDA is comparable in tonal design and console layout to a electronic organs, send for "Questionsconcerningand wellbalanced pipe organ of at least 20 ranks. quest.Answers."WriteAtofreeThecopyBaldwinawaitsPianoyour Co.reDept. J-I4, Cincinnati 2, Ohio.

ALSO BUILT BY BALDWIN: ORGASONIC ORGANS BALDWIN, HAMILTON, ACROSONIC, HOWARD PIANOS

SEPTEMBER I960 657

pastures: he leadeth me beside the and I will dwell in the house of

still waters. the Lord forever:

there the old man sat down When restoreth "He my soul: silence, impressive there he leadeth was was in the paths of righteousness me no applause, and not a dry eye in the for his name's sake.

house. The actor, wiping his own

"Yea, though I walk through the eyes, stepped forward and said, valley of the shadow of death, I "Ladies and gentlemen, I know the will fear no evil for thou art with words of the 23rd Psalm, but this me; thy rod and thy staff they man knows the Shepherd."

comfort me. God help us to know and emulate

preparest "Thou table a before me in theedgeShepherd,and wisdomand byandgainingintelligenceknowlthe of presence enemies: mine

fortiand, developing courage and thou anointest head with oil; my faith, qualify to ourselves tude and

over. runneth cup my

his in feel at presence, divine home "Surely goodness and mercy shall I humbly pray in the name of Jesus follow me all the days of my life: Christ. Amen.

Church Moves On

( Continued from page 616 were called to Mexico in 1875.

A total of $32,871,529 in agriculActually, the Great Salt Lake Basin was Mexican Territory when it tural products were purchased from was first settled by the Mormon pioneers. The West Mexican

Utah and Idaho farmers and sold Mission is the third mission now functioning in Mexico.

through Safeway Stores last year.

This total included: fruits, vegeJuly 1960

tables, milk, eggs, meat, poultry and other fine products of Utah and

Idaho farms. Most of these foods The Deseret Sunday School Union announced the appointwere sold through Safeway Stores in ment of Elder Elmer J. Hartvigsen to the general board.

the two states, but some surplus products were shipped out of the area to new and needed markets. The dedication of the restored Heber C. Kimball home in

Purchases Included: Nauvoo marked the first time since the exodus in 1846 that

Meat and Meat Products....$10,423,550 four of the General Authorities of the Church attended a

Bakery & Cereal Products.... 3,494,907 Church meeting there. President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., of the First

Miscellaneous 605,673 Presidency, dedicated the restored home; Elders Harold B. Lee,

Beverages & Soft Drinks.... 726,652 Spencer W. Kimball, and Delbert L. Stapley of the Council of the

Dairy Products 4,458,850 Twelve were in attendance.

Sugar & Candy 3,226,136 Honey 890,621 The First Presidency announced the transfer of President

Frozen & Canned Fruits & Joseph R. Reeder of the French Polynesian Mission to the

Vegetables 4,549,751 Samoan Mission, where he will succeed President Charles L

Eggs, Poultry & Fish 1,216,290 Sampson. Elder Kendall W. Young, a schoolteacher of Blanding,

Fresh Fruits & Vegetables... 3,279,099 Utah, who once filled a mission in France, succeeds President

Total $32,871,529 Reeder in French Polynesia. The French Polynesian Mission ( formThese figures stamp Safeway as erly Tahitian) is the oldest foreigntongue mission of the Church,

one of the major sales outlets for four elders from Nauvoo being called to begin it, June 1, 1843. The

Utah and Idaho agricultural prodwork in Samoa dates from 1863.

ucts and truly...

The First Presidency announced the division of the Swiss-

A FRIEND OF THE FARMER Austrian Mission into two new missions, the Swiss Mission, with headquarters at Basel, and the Austrian Mission, with

A FRIEND OF THE FAMILY headquarters probably in Vienna. President William S. Erekson,

president of the SwissAustrian Mission, will continue to serve as president of the Swiss Mission. Elder Winslow Whitney Smith of

Logan, Utah, has been called to preside over the Austrian Mission.

His wife and daughter will accompany him to his field of labor.

This brings the total number of missions in the Church to 53. The SAFEWAY Swiss people heard the message of the restored gospel as early as

1850; attempts to preach in Austria were made in April 1864.

658 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA DISTINCTIVE BINDINGS Aunt Jody For a Permanent Reference of the Improvement Era (Continued from page 631) woman went with him in haste tothe sorrowing wickiups, eager and F* or 12 issues in handprayerful to do whatever was within her power. The bullet of the big some covers only $3. All

gun had torn its way through the orders should be accomsquaw's body from right to left just panied with 12 Improveabove her hips, working terrible havoc with her internal organs. She ment Eras and payment in

was beyond all medical aid, and the advance, plus postage for white doctor could only shake her return mail.

head and mingle her tears with theirs, especially for the two little boys soon to be motherless.

In spite of her sympathy for the The West's Finest unfortunate Indians, the thousands Printers and Binders of Navajos just across the river to the south, and the Piutes on all other sides, she had to limit her services to them; she had more to do than Deseret

one woman should be expected to do, without them. All the same,

when they came with their sick people, she did what she could, and News told them what to do. Her reputation echoed away through the wilderness to distant camps and hogans, 33 RICHARDS ST. Press

and sick folk came toiling in over EM 4-2581 rocks and sand hills to avail themSALT LAKE CITY, UTAH selves of her skill.

A horse thief who had been shot in the face, and had an ugly, festering wound, waited in Bluff for days while she got the poison out of it so it could heal. Another man, Frank

Hyde, had a ghastly gash on his face and neck with gangrene threatening his very life, and when his brother took him to a doctor in

AUTUMN SCENE

BY SOLVEIG PAULSON RUSSELL

Just to look upon the land, time, In autumn Is to see a lovely poem—MAKE YOUR FUTURE SECURE

With every rhyme at A perfect blend of color, Utah's Great Landgrant University

And every lilting line—The Best in Liberal, Spiritual and Practical Education—

A flow of peaceful splendor.

Facilities, Residence Halls, Modern Outstanding New Religious There is no sign Faculty Quality and High

Of greed or wrath or ugliness Fall Quarter Registration

In autumn beauty. Only grace September 30October 1, 1 960

Of work well done Write for catalog or information

In every place. UTAH STATE UNIVERSITY

LOGAN

SEPTEMBER 1960 659 Durango, the doctor had him come In the necessities and peril of the with Navajo warsongs echoing from back to Bkiff and to Aunt Jody who days that followed, it was quite unbeyond the moaning river, could be treated the big sore till it became a thinkable that Aunt Jody should be comforted and strengthened by the harmless scar. anywhere but at Rincone. Amasa courage and the cheer which BluflF's

When Amasa Barton was shot at Barton had been shot t'wice in the heavenly appointed doctor could

Rincone, ten miles down the river brain, but lived on through six or impart. Her baby was but three

from Bluff, and the word was brought seven terrible days without being weeks old, yet she journeyed over by a Piute sent by Barton's wife, a conscious of what went on around that perilous road through the cliffs wave of cold terror passed through him. He was hopelessly beyond reand along the dugway where Navajo

the defenseless little town, with only lief from any human hand, but those snipers could have killed everybody six of its men home at that time, the who mourned, and those who with the slowmoving wagon, and others being away on the range, the watched through the eerie nights. the killers never known. It was befreight-road, or elsewhere to make

their hardearned living. By night

time, five of those six men had gone down the river where Mrs. Barton,

her mother, and her two little chilandren awaited among aroused Children... and the effect of Barton's of savages.horde murderer

had accidentally killed his Navajo...companion, and to shield himself what they feel

from his people had told them the killing was done by the storeman.

Word came to Bluff that a band Richard L. Evans

of angry Navajos were headed in direction,their they waited in and lines cited from Locke Last some week John we terror, to expecting be massacred. to. fathers that are to talk and on the theme Home

This message to the people told them THE fathers and mothers and families, and the teaching of cartridges theto out all the get SPOKEN imso are exceedingly of children rearing and WORDlittle cartstore, all available and like further to share that portant, should some we inridges everywhere and town from gift,"Cicero, "has subject: asked "What thoughts on this same

that since no them, wouldhide to his children?"as is so dear him on Providence bestowed man that the first thing Navajosdoubt be the

it is so, thing since of which one suggests itself—and The answer afternoon demand. Thewould actions. attitudes of influence is the and ever mindful be must we of suspense, anguishdragged on with write teach right the words; say by may rote; we may we may We helpless childrenninety and women full the lines, are lives influenced of the right by youth the but

to"half one death"and scared but tensions all the feel see and of effect they and and sense—by

to night protect them. As cameman of times, of the teachers, of the of morals home, standards and

stillness, every with and ominouson tell they friends. matter them, what no what family and we And

cliffs in with the echoing highsound far than reaching in feel us be fi'om us see more and much may of evil. boding Aunta strange Jody ".. this a for take teaching. of. For routine must our the you

did not yield to panic, but contemcertain truth, that let them have what instructions you will,...

before happen mightplated what carriage their will influence will be that the company most which

It that she is relatedmorning. of with, Children them. the fashion those about they converse and

dressed children her andwashed /'-,. example. add would (nay, most too) do and by men We figuring in their best clothes,them is to got lines harder further "Virtue be Locke: from John it these killed,that if they to be were in if lost a world; of is seldom the man, young and than a knowledge

fitting for their bodies be morewould of his the shelter recover'd. before he leaves young... man A their in wellclad than to be found

.. resolution, fortify'd... to secure with. should father's house, be

soiled and worn clothes of everyday. his virtues, lest he should be led into some ruinous course, or fatal

With a concerted movement, precipice, before he is sufficiently acquainted with the dangers...

nearly every family in town gathered and has steadiness enough not to yield to every temptation.... He

at one of the bishop's homes, the that lays the foundation of his son's fortune in virtue and good

Kisten"log "Aunttworoom, home of..."- This, warrantable takes the only way. breeding, sure and

of writing Nielsen. In it, Aunt Jody says that our centuries three ago, simply in the language of some

says, "We stayed there all night, and children will be in large measure a reflection of the background did not know at what moment we of family and friends and of the moral environment in which they might be attacked. There was no live their lives. "What gift has Providence bestowed on man that

rest for the women and the older is so dear to him as his children?"This places upon parents the

children, but no one murmured, and responsibility of setting such patterns as children may in safety the little ones did not cry out. We pursue.

cherished faith that we would not be killed, but we thought our houses "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the would be burned. I gathered and Cohmibia Broadcasting System, June 26, 1960. Copyright 1960.

brought a sack of clothing to be 'Cicero.

ready for emergencies."2John Locke, Some Thoughts Concerning Education.

660 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

coming quite a fixed tradition with the people of Bkiff that none of them could be sick without Aunt

Jody being there to doctor them, and no one could die without her being there with her courage and her faith to soothe the sting of death.

Hers is the kind of story that can never be fully told. Some phases

of it are known to one, and some to another, but no one could relate even a major part of it, not even Brother SERVt

Wood and Aunt Emma, and they have followed her to the great other world. Such labors as she performed

are seldom appreciated in the day thereof and begin to be seen for their true worth only as they are viewed in perspective.

I was called one morning with another elder to administer to Charley Redd, a very sick little boy, who had been dangerously ill for days with an abscess on his lungs. At the

door of the Redd home we met Aunt

Jody; she had been there all night,

and other nights before that. She

so nearly eyes out herwas and worn fllll SETTLEMENT rollso tired, they under would up her lids so she could not see, only as she would work them down with her fingers. Yet her face had in it

that unfaltering cheer to which people turn for courage when they are in trouble or sorrow. Her features

were drawn and thin, yet she met us with a smile, and spoke in cheerful tone.

I looked at her in wonder—I had

rested all night, and had every reason to radiate hope and cheer, but

I got a humbling sensation of my utter inability, even with health and to lifegivingcomfort, spread the

PEOPLE thatcheer failed she never to shed FRIENDLY as the fragrance from a scented flower.

Aroundthe-clock help from farmers is as near as a phone. The

I recall Nielson that when Joe lay man from farmers gets to your side... FAST. He inspects damages, his "flu,"deathbed withon she was

unfailingly there; "Uncle Joe,"as we arranges for repairs, can even sign the check, fair settlement is

called him, had so much congestion the rule with farmers. And friendly people serve you quickly,

and inflammation in his throat and courteously, efficiently.

lungs it was all but impossible for him to make himself understood, and YOU SAVE MONEY WITH FARMERS!

while he tried in anguish of desperation by gestures and such whispers farmers rates are generally 20% lower than most other companies.

as he could make to convey the farmers gives a 10%"discount for one year of accidentfree drivideas that might never be known, ing, an additional 25% discount on your second car, if you qualify.

she bent over him long and patiently farmers auto liability policies automatically protect against unintrying to get his message as if it sured or hitand-run motorists. "NOT AVAILABLE IN WASHINGTON

meant much to her, and it did just that. It was what her love demanded, her wholehearted love

which she brought to the service ofall to whom she ministered. Farmers Auto

Insurance Call Farmers Insurance Group AUTO LIFE FIRE TRUCK

SEPTEMBER I960 661.

AUTUMN TESTAMENT

BY ETHEL JACOBSON

Mountains here are bare and bleak Summer long—but now the scene

Except where a ribbon of hidden creek Is richer and more radiant,

Tumbles down its stony bed Every tree a celebrant,

Blazoned now in gold and red. Knowing death a passing thing—

Wherever a precious trickle flows. A sleep, a pause awaiting spring

Crowding its banks are tangled rows And joyous reawakening.

Of birch and willow's dancing green

Fifteen Hundred Families in the South See Our (Continued from page 633)

Beautiful their own personal records to me, but also proffered to assist me with greatly task. Allim- involved my Trees When wills, portant of atdeeds, powers 'TESTER

grants, war service articles, etc., You Visit torney,records, landnewspaper

were transcribed for the history, and

Suit Lalie City a number of important Bible records were uncovered.

Of all the records that were searched and found, none were more vital and of greater value than the

Bible records, particularly the older ones. One day, as a result of relatives contacting other relatives, I

received in the mail the original precious pages from the Bible record of my 2nd greatgrandfather, (father Caspar of Golsan Dr. Wyatt

Colsan). This truly a redSAVE by Mail at W. was

Western Savings where lectingletter daythe infamilythe yearshistory.spentThein reccol-

Colsan, and of four of his you get the very most for your ordsCasparof the parents and children of

in this Bible. corded Caspar Colsan money it's the western idea: You get the very most brothers and several sisters, were rebrothers and his settled in had Alafor your savings at Western Savings in Salt Lake City. bama in 1820, or thereabout, from

Western pays the postage both ways for you, your money South Carolina. Their father was

Jr., and their mother earns a full 4% current rate, and your account is insured to Lewis Colsan, was Elizabeth, from Orangeburg

$10,000 by the Federal Savings and District, South Carolina. A search

Loan Insurance Corporation.,. of the existing records of OrangeumZMJlllLKV burg showed that Lewis Colsan, Jr.,

was born on February 9, 1759, a son of Lewis Colsan, Sr., and Elizabeth Staley (Stehely), his wife. A

Send the coupon today!- further search of the Orangeburg

records revealed the marriage of Savings Western Please Send

Sr., Lewis Colsan, and Elizabeth Salt Lake Plans City, Utah Savings

Name 'Staley (Stehely) on December 19, 1752, and gave information on other

Address children and on the activities of the

City State AND LOAN COMPANY family in Orangeburg District. RecFIRST 45 EAST SOUTH

CITY, SALT LAKE UTAH ords showed that Lewis Colsan, Sr.,

Serving you from the West's newest and finest savings office at the

Original Timeand-Temperature Sign in Salt Lake City.

662 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

had served with the rank of major mv hands. The letter, which had living during my time that knew

in the Orangeburg miUtia during the been written in September, had about him. Though there had been

American Revolution, and that Lewis reached the home of Mrs. Florence some speculation, the definite relaGolsan, Jr., had served with the rank Golsan Bateman, probably Alationship of his widow, Ann Larey

of sergeant, and that John Caspar bama's most famous composer of fine Golsan, who, with several members

Golsan, brother of Lewis Golsan, Jr., music, and she and her sister, Miss of her family, settled in Butler

served with the rank of firstlieuten- Frances Golsan, had in their posCounty, Alabama, about 1850 (thirty ant. The Golsan family of Orangesession the answer to an important years or so after the others had

burg, S. C., had settled there from relationship—but they had not been settled in Alabama) was not known.

Virginia during those early colonial aware of it. During the years I had One of her daughters had settled in

days. been collecting the pieces, but the Houston County, Georgia, but that

Though World War II interrupted key piece to the puzzle was missing—was another relationship that was

the progress of my history, the task and now these two sisters had supnot known. This Bible record supwas resumed soon afterwards and plied it. An old Bible record, the plied the missing links, connecting

has finally reached a successful conoriginal pages from the Bible of their all of the descendants of John and clusion—a wonderful record of more greatgrandfather, John and Ann Ann Larey Golsan, including those

than fifteen hundred families, with Larey Colson, was in my hands. in Houston County, Georgia, with

copies of all important and authentiThis John Golsan was born in the family that had settled in Alacating documents, with charts and Orangeburg, S. C, on December 24, bama in 1820.

pedigrees of the ancient family in 1782, and was the eldest son of It can be done—this job of gatherEngland and Wales, and with scores Sergeant Lewis Golsan, Jr. But he ing a family history—but it is not

of interesting illustrations. The hishad died at the age of 38 years on easy! Why don't you try? Nothing

tory is brought to life with numerous October 27, 1820, and there was none is more satisfying!

biographical sketches of individuals and with nearly five hundred portraits and pictures of members, homes, etc.

In a family of this size the attainments and personal achievements of To Teach One Another tion of what the late Robert Millikan some of its individuals are outstandsaid was the most important thing ing. of the members One became ( Continued from page 625 inthetherealityworld:of "Themoralconsciousnessand spiritualof first most outstanding andAlabama's

composer of fine music—there were ethical and moral precepts, the revalues."

high army officials—two or three ligious teacher assumes the responsiwith the rank of general, and there bility of leading the youth into the

were several highranking naval ofrealm of spirituality. His duty is to

ficials. A number of high court open the eyes of the blind that they

justices are found in the record, may see God. It is wonderful to find These Times

several Congressmen, one or two "Tongues in trees, books in running

Senators, at least one governor, and brooks, sermons in stones, and (Continued from page 612) several others that ran as candidates, good in every thing."(Shakespeare,

but lost; and there were a large As You Like It, Act II, sc. 1, 1. 15.) The genius of the Constitution, and

number of outstanding business and It is a glorious achievement to lead the nature of politics under it, is professional people. a lonely hungering soul out of the such that any administration in

As though to climax these more maze of temporal, sensual materiality power must operate by means of than twenty years of collecting and into the enduring realm of spiritcompromise. Especially is this true

the many hours of compiling of this uality. in internal matters of great concern

enormous record, there was another Leading youth to know God, to to any powerful group. Mr. Madired-letter day. There was a branch have faith in his laws, to have conson, Mr. Hamilton, and Mr. Jay had

of the family in South Alabama that fidence in his Fatherhood, and to to defend the Constitution of 1787 had not been conclusively connected find solace and peace in his loveagainst those who felt it created too with the main family roots. During that is the greatest privilege, the powerful organs of government.

September 1957, I wrote to a memmost sublime opportunity offered the The}'assumed that the Congress and ber of this branch of the family, true teacher. the singleheaded executive, the

with whom I had carried on previous All this should be every teacher's Presidency, would be adequate to correspondence; but in the interval responsibility, but the teacher of any situation requiring purposeful

since my last correspondence, he had religion's responsibility is even and necessary use of political power.

passed away, and the letter was more—it is his opportunity and priviBut none of the authors of the

placed in the hands of one of his lege to lead his pupils over moral Federalist really anticipated what relatives and was then transferred and ethical hills to the glorious could happen if "the factions"beto other relatives. I had given up heights of spiritual reality—where came more powerful than the govhope of receiving an answer but the spirit of man may receive the ilernment itself—despite the great

then an answer came—like a miracle! lumination and inspiration of God's arguments advanced in Number Ten

The information that I had been Holy Spirit, by the light of which to the effect that the Union itself seeking for so many years, was in every youth may obtain the realizawas a cure for the evil of faction.

SEPTEMBER 1960 663 Get worlds The Constitution, both the Hving and do so without major catastrophe.

and written instrument, depends on All organizations generally operate of hot water public spirit in the final analysis. on the principle (once ascribed

Unless there is public spirit (as opsomewhat unfairly to a large corpora- 3 times as fast posed to the expression of private, tion) that "what is good for General more selfish interest) in the great Motors is good for the country."In

with a corporations, the nationwide labor our diversified nation the organizaunions, the farm organizations, the tional behavior of our many groups "QUICK RECOVERY"more powerful churches, professionis sublimated and becomes refined al associations, and other forms of to a large extent. Various conflictorganized interest, the country can ing interests "cancel"each other out

suffer.—in a unique way. ELECTRIC It is remarkable the extent to However, organizations grow rich,

which the various groups, "factions,"powerful, and often, in the economic and interests can and do seek selfsense, more determined that what established objects and purposes—is good for them is good for everyWATER

HEATER

Fathers are to talk to

im:'Richard L. Evans

There are some wonderful words in our language, [UIJH.HJJIiaj.lMll words that are inseparably associated: home,

THE mother, father, family—and in our thoughts they

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. SPOKEN are linked in fondest and most meaning;ful rememWORD brance. Where the normal pattern prevails, father

is more away and less closely acquainted with the daily problems and program. But fathers are people in whose footsteps sons are

apt to follow, and whose hearts daughters are likely to have their way with. Fathers are people whose name the family is known

by. Fathers are people whom sons and daughters should feel free

SAVE WHERE EARNINGS toaloneapproachin life, andwithfatherstheir problems.are to talk to—evenThere areif theyhazardsseemin togoingbe tooit

if they are doing so much for the family in other ways

With one AREof the finestHIGHERmanaged, most successful busy; even

centuries three not are.. they at home. enough ago John Some in Cahfornia.Verdugo associations Savings & Loan. that V "... ir.ested talk in are first trust as his father will to deeds Where funds said, up,... a son grows Locke do well,

rcir!iiitial selected properties treat as the in familiarly sooner him;. with a man, him The you

areas. growth sound

serious into to one: admit will begin him and if sooner he. be. you the highest you earn rate commensurate V, Whereon

is safety, insured and up each account will... raise his to discourses you, the usual with you mind above

Federal Savings and by the Insurance Loan \l with$10,000 it is trifling youth, occupations those which and amusements...of quarterly. paid Corporation. Earnings

.. in.. often see to I cannot but wasted commonly wonder And

Save by mail with insured safety as well, love their sons the... order yet so matter very fathers who

Accounts if they were never to enjoy, or have any comfort from those they opened by love the best in the world.... Nothing cements and establishes July nth earn from 410 friendship and goodwill so much as confident communication....

July 1st. Other kindnesses, without this, leave still some doubts, but when

your son sees you open your mind to him, [he will know he has]

VERDUGO SAVINGS a friend and... father...."So much for the lines from John

and Loan Association Locke. It is sobering when a father sees in his son himself, his

Sunland, California mannerisms, his ways, his words. It is a great moment in life when

a father sees a son grow taller than he, or reach farther. It is a

blessed thing for fathers to see their sons exceed them. God bless

fathers—and bless the sons and daughters who give fathers their

greatest gift in the love they bear them, and in the virtuous, honorable, useful living of life.

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Columbia Broadcasting System, June 19, 1960. Copyright 1960.

ijohn Locke, Some Thoughts Concerning Education.

664 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

body else. Forgotten are the facts

of individual creation, individual difference, and the maxim that one man's meat is another's poison. When

organizations have the power to paralyze the economy, or stand in defiance of the public interest, the "consent of the governed"is usually aroused. In 1890 a Sherman antitrust, in 1947 a TaftHartley, or other

laws are enacted. Then begins the

long, delicate, and difficult task of applying the new law; of securing

compliance from the systems of private power.

In recent years we have occasionally seemed to approach a situation where some groups have become so powerful, either locally or nationally, that "consent"to sustain private willing (whether or coerced)power to than But they have two things in common. Both brighten the day ofhas seemed be stronger

"consent"for necessary public auThe Salt Lake Tribune's readers with a daily humorous column.

thority.

This suggests the inarticulate issue And both are often seen in the downtown area. But for difin the 1960 campaign—or what may

become so. Is the government of all ferent reasons. Dan's a cryptic observer of the human scene.

the people of the United States strong enough to take necessary acHam's a professional friend maker. Read them both in...

tion, through the Congress, by the

President administration, the and private systemshould some of power mt fait fab mnt threaten the entire national economy—such as a steel strike; a breakdown

in the rail, trucking, or airline industry; the maintenance of a healthy

industrial, marketing, or agricultural system, or do the rights of a minority justify such veto power?

This issue will not probably receive much discussion because the large number of voters could be offended and alienated. Other reasons include the fact that, for nearly

eighty years, the business and agricultural community has given the country such education in fear for unduly "Big Government"—with

powerful slogans against "socialism"and "statism"—that when those selfsame interests seek equalizing legislation from Congress or state

legislatures, they find themselves stopped by segments of these public attitudes, plus the pressures of those who want the government to keep its hands oflF them, and only on the other fellow.

The issue boils down to three basic concerns 1. Is each individual interest, in

the interests of "liberty and justice for all,"prepared to recognize the necessity of some wise selfrestraint, modesty, and selflimitation? Is each

prepared to admit that what is good

It's Big... It's Beautiful... It's Hospitable!

1900 SOUTH STATE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

SEPTEMBER I960 665 for it may not always be the best state, and local constituencies, with thing for everybody? Is each presufficient Avisdom, knowledge of the

pared to honor, obey, and sustain delicate fabric of "government by "the law?"consent of the governed,"with cour-

2. Is there sufficient "public"opinage, to insure "domestic tranquility,

ion capable of formation in a national provide for the common defense, crisis or domestic emergency {such promote the general welfare,"and as a steel or transportation strike), at the same time "secure the blessto effective produce governmental ings of liberty to ourselves and our action basic ( which means protecting liberties also) in the broadest type posterity"? NEED MONEY? interest? These are elements of what may of public

organization your Church can You or there be the inarticulate issue of the candidates 3. Are and nomiwell

to or $1,000 up make more by selhng the national, nees before various campaign. 1960 Christmas cards supphes. and

Absolutely no money outlay. Free

shipping, immediate delivery. All major lines of quality cards and supplies

available at lowest prices. A Tribute to President McKay Later we were taken to the "end

Average profit of LDS organization of the world"to see the Cape of last year, over $200—several more Good Hope and to travel through than $1,000.

I Many other fund raising projects also (Continued from page 625) theshall gamelong rememberreserve at histheinterestcape. in available.

getting of out the automobile and call of tour 192021 or Write full details. Elder which upon now for having us into the accompany him him, accompanied Cannon Hugh J. obligation. No if to see bush flush could out we of thousands Latterday he met Visit us during conference. baboons. some not did Though we Saints the in distant near misand

his interest succeed, was rewarded sions the of Church. of His memory lA/koie6aie llJiitnoutopd LU. a "family"whenc came upon we of so of the places and them many

LDS Owned and Operated to which he and Brother Cannon bossed by a rugged, old grandfather seated himself who had on is clear and keen after all baboon, 2435 So. State Salt Lake City, Utah traveled the "bonnet"of a visitor's (hood) these years.

Phone HU 6-7\66 As President of the Church he has Buick while the mothers, "kids,"and met the people of the Church the troublesome fathers of the "family"sported us the around on in their the throughout world own road car. and over the swarmed in lands, States, the in United home HAVE YOU CAN looked into the of the They windows Africa, Europe, South South Amercar at us seemingly the with same Freshly in islands Pacific. the of the Ground ica, and FLOUR

These tens of thousands sustain curiosity as we looked at them.

IN MINUTES, him as prophet, seer, and revelator He and Sister McKay are the best

AT HOME! and cling to his example and his of travelers. They travel relaxed,

words as inspired. He is honored thoughtful of others, beaming with

goodwill for ready eventand any is for his nobility of character. He AUTOMATIC

is uality. of This experiborn wide for his personal admired bearing ECONOMICAL life also ence of a and of time address. of cleanliness perHis and

PORTABLE son, speech, and thought charm all personal discipline and selfcontrol.

ELECTRIC who meet him. People leave his I recall when we were leaving

presence feeling as though they Johannesburg to return to Dakar, have been "in church."West Africa. It was my duty to take

THE SECRET The readiness of his sense of care of the travel documents, passTO MORE humor pleases all who have opporports, health certificates, tickets, and

NUTRITIONAL tunity to enjoy it. He is unusually reservations. I had misplaced some

BREAD! perceptive and alert. His interests of these and was hurriedly, imThe secret to are of great scope and variety. His patiently, and excitedly fumbling in

Finer Flavor! fondness for animals and for living search of them while the plane

Grind your own flour a things of creation are as natural and waited. The President watched me

few hours before baking with a LEE housespontaneous as his devotion to and chuckling said: "You are exelectric hold flour mill

priced. nominally Write.. for. simple,prices—freeeasy, people.I recall his disappointment when was,cited,butaren'the wasyou?"not.I admittedHis composurethat I facts. recipes—food

SAVE on introductory offer... send check the close schedule did not permit gave me reassurance and enabled

or money order with coupon below for his going to the Kruger National me to capture some of his poise and choice 5 lb. pkg.... stone ground the day Park in South Africa. I thought I to simmer down.

it's shipped. could partially assuage the disapHis contacts have brought into his

life presenting pointment people. with eminent a him by IE:-9-60 many LEE He has ENGINEERING DEPT. COMPANY—Wisconsin 2023 W. 3, Wis. Avenue—Milwaukee attractive royalty of an copy persons. Animals book met eminent and

5-Ib. pkg. DEAF TLOUE, SJimiOnly $1.50 in their heritage which I purchased Whatever or pedigree a of Africa,....WIS. 5-lb. PLOLTK, Pp.-MINN. pkg.

Pp. Only $1.00 Johannesburg bookshop. I think all have accepted him as a

Name Street City State

666 THE IMPROVEMKNT ERA peer. I recall many years ago when

I was host for a few hours of a distinguished New England visitor, a

Harvard professor, a member of an eminent New England family. He

was an austre, dignified, gentleman.

I had the honor of introducing him to President George Albert Smith, whose son was then and is still, also, with SURE MEALa Harvard professor; to Elder John

A. Widtsoe, a Harvard graduate. As

we left the Church office building, we met President McKay on the \ of building.sidewalk in front the Control

Weight I * Yourintroduced them, talked they and briefly. As we parted and President Reduce When you have

McKay walked up the steps of the with siredreachedweight, yourcontinuedebuilding, Dr. Cross turned and SURE MEAL to use one Sure Meal

once each this him. Emphatically daywatched will but—

It's sure! safe and help you to maintain a goodquietly, as though he were talking calorie It your nutritional balance also and help himself,to he said, "My—what a intake maintainto you keep the—cutswhile intake of calories

ing vigor health your andpersonality!"under control. If you gain with

nutrition. through proper I one Sure Meal, you cut can I the in seen President have McKay I I

calories in is scientifically your a Sure ordinary Meal meals or ability great ofthe of presence I men I use two else! or three Sure planned a Meals day food—nothing accomplishment,and famous men, for short to periods bring about slowly or rapidly reduce can You

the figures, learnof control wealth,public men you when it use—can Sure Meal with You /—use Sure there's Meal countno politicaling, lost finanuntil 3 power, wide have you you—want a and times day

all done for youlvcial interests and influence. I have all or a substantial part of the \ ing calories—it's

seen him also in the presence of obweight you want to lose. l

scure, lowly, humble people. AlSureFor bestMeal longtwice rangea day resultswith skimuse

ways there is the same warm, milk or powdered milk and have uniform, manifestation of genuine one other low calorie meal each interest goodwill. and.\ weightday, untilyou youwishhaveto lose.taken off the the Through many years he has

had association with many remarkable people, several of them men of eminence and of notable careers in public and professional life, in business and in educational circles. His Feel \ Save Money

isattitude toward marked them Better by costs less Sure ordiMeal the than "*"of respectthe appreciation kind and it nary replaces, meal at the and * weight I no had time, same you sure recan the be loyalty. them winwhich From > I enbut problem,

will meal nutritiously be sound. just loyalty reciprocated. arespect Meal Sure and I joy serving of Sure oz.) One ( Meal use I it's good. because seen befriend peoplehave him who 1 when mixed with of cup milk regularly it breakfast for friendless. will themselves Histhought furnish the individual normal along drink as a sometimes and I \ with the essential food elements is steadfast.loyalty to It helps meals. other with my

I for \ one complete meal consisting essential the with all body people, obsupply For prominent and my of meat, vegetables, I butbread 1 and minvitamins and elements, foodscure, of without fortune and good ter, a beverage. and I I pep. for more I that needed erals

it, regard. has unvarying he WhoIf I 1 you can to afford eat you—Meal."Sure better with feel "I a condeparts withever meets him can afford SURE MEAL!

sciousness of benign influence. This

comes from the nature of his spirit, and from the quality of his spirituality. He has "partaken of the divine If you just want to try SURE MEAL, send for the 20meal size. But if you

nature."His personal disposition is most have a lot of weight to lose, order the economical 40meal size at only $9.00,

generous and selfeffacing. If he or the case of 6-40meal containers for only $45.00.

could, he would reach out and rescue everyone in need. He recognizes his

limitations of time, strength, and opDon Lyman & Associates I may be interested in selling SURE MEAL

E. 9th Southportunity, as are 1087 these especially Phone EM 3-9674

City, Salt Lake Utah Free Delivery affected greatly thefurther very by Vanilla Please Q Defatted send Chocolate D office his of of the dutiesgreat scope

Butterscotchand the demands made upon his SURE MEAL Bland Q time and attention by the needs of 20 Meal Size $ 4.75 D Name

the Church. To help him avoid the 40 Meal Size 9.00 D Address

6-40 Meal Size (Case).... 45.00 D City and State

SEPTEMBER I960 667 // looks like cream rebuke which was administered to Belated Rendezvous

Moses in Exodus 18:1326, his desire

to help people needing help and (Continued from page 643) counsel he shares with a great orni ganization of likeminded and likeHe laughed. The car zoomed

spirited men, composed of the Genahead, turned the corner at Academy

EVAPORATED eral Authorities of the Church, and Street, and almost instantly they this ascending the hill. By officers in wards, stakes were presiding MILK the

afraid; was curious—almost time Nan missions. and

He is the best exponent of his own for by this time she noticed Jimmie's road, to the and glued eyes were express principles. can While others poun like cream it as twisted, a trifle tense, his face of his exemplary their appreciation

character, it is well to read and to had sometimes been in the old days.

hear him to gain an understanding She wanted to protest but found of his love for the Lord Jesus Christ herself speechless. They were up r and his enthusiasm for the righteous the hill in a jiffy. Jimmie turned into

hfe. the circle below the fountain, and

MILKEVAPOBATEO

is all this worth?...- tastes even better! How much 55

Richard L. Evans

Many years ago Daniel Webster recalled a question:

"How much is all this worth?"'As to liberty, or the

THE lack of it, whatever the jrice, it is priceless, and

SPOKEN the difference cannot be calculated. How much is

WORD all this worth? How much is it worth to live where

one wishes? to work at what one wishes? to worship as one wishes?

How much is it worth to have the right to live with loved ones? to

listen to the laughter of children? to be unafraid of approaching

footsteps? to walk home and find the welcome of loved faces unafraid? How much is it worth to own personal property? to have

dignity? to preserve human is it worth privacy? personal much How SEARS and to vote in an open leaders? to choose is it worth ROEBUCK AND CO How much

honest election? to have a voice in making and administering the

laws of the land? How much is it worth to come and to go, to live

and to choose, to think and to speak, to read and to search? to have

an education offered everyone? How much is it worth freely to

express an opinion, fearlessly to move from place to place, with an openness of life, a free ranging of the mind; and enjoyment of the

great and goodly earth that God has given, with peace of mind and quiet conviction? Despite all encroachments on freedom, and

all unwise rehnquishment of some rights, still blessed beyond belief, still precious beyond price, is the freedom our forcbeiirs ]-)aid for—the freedom which is Godgiven, which yet, paradoxically, has

to be everlastingly earned and deserved over and over again, and can never safely be permitted to become commonplace. How

Sears does not establish much is all this worth? All this must be worth the willingness to

allegiance, to give willingness the to defend, the willingness work, "list"artificially high part, the willingness to Hve a participating willingness to be the to prices in order allow to for wilHngness the law, and respect justice, honor, and with socalled "discount"keep the commandments—for "No free government,"wrote Andrew

selling. Sears original Jackson, "can stand without virtue in the people and a lofty spirit

prices are LOW PRICES! of patriotism:..."- Thank God for Hberty and for the privilege

of preserving it at any price.

"Satisfaction guaranteed "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the or your money back"Columbia Broadcasting System, July 3, 1960. Copyright 1960.

Daniel Webster (quoted by Joseph Roswell Havvley in an address titled On the Flag and the Eagle, 1874). SEARS -Andrew Jackson, Farewell Address.

Salt Lake City Ogden—Logan

Provo—Price

668 THE IMPIIOVEMENT ERA slammed on the brakes. Nan braced CAUGHT BETWEEN

herself nervously. But in a moment

she relaxed, as his face softened into BY V. TROLLOPECAMERON

a smile. "I thought I'd bring you up here There stands September dressed in green brocade.

again. I didn't want you to forget An August dream still warm upon her face,

the place. The view is pretty good She primly walks the path where sun and shade

in the morning,"He was talking Is patterned Time in yellowed parchment lace.

fast, nervously. Nan was fascinated.

His arm fell across the back of the Her sudden tears are dried by friendly winds seat near her shoulders. She made a Who shield her as the days like ships embark—

quick, involuntary movement away. She turns away from listless tamarinds

He was startled. "I guess you'll To colors where October sets his mark.

never come back this way,"he said roughly. "Oh, I don't know. I might."Her

eyes took refuge in the green valley.

"Why not stay?"

Her eyes still took refuge in the valley, the lake, the peaceful vilCOMFORTlage. "Why don't you ask me?"

"I am asking you. But I'm afraid.You know how I used to get hurt. AND

I thought I'd got it out of my system—until I saw you."He slipped out DURABILITY

in her helpedof the car, and an ordinary is an average man, IS IT! Here a THIS

matterof-fact then led the way, way larger, No. 868 enjoying If he were comfort. being, human

up the path to the fountain. He or smaller, he would still be comfortable in a

glanced at the class tree, and Durham folding chair. These wellbuilt chairs

laughed, she thought a trifle bitterly. are designed for the comfort of people! We would

"Will you, will you marry me?"not presume to read this man's thoughts,

"Oh, Jimmie,"she murmured, as but chances are ten to one were we to ask him he drew her into his strong arms, what make of folding chairs he'd buy, he'd say:

"I was afraid you weren't going to "This make!"It's a sure thing he'd be 100%

ask me."sold when given the complete story of

A robin broke the hush of the Durham construction and materials.

morning; the fountain bubbled joyThey insure full value for every

ously, as it had done for many a seating dollar.

year, and the windows of the big No. 875 &

stone academy building were golden with promise.

Fire Fighters Supreme

(Continued from page 644) throughout the day—and the night.

Relief finally arrived the following morning, and the weary Indians filed No. 605R

off to chow and wellearned sleep.

Scarcely had they hit the sack framesTubularin ormanychannelstyles;steelAll

when the camp boss regretfully steel; padded, upholstered

roused them. The blaze had fanned seats.seats Tabletand backs;armchairwoodwith

up into a new threat. Could they wrap rack. Chair sizes for

help contain the fire for possibly just children under 10. Chair acan hour or so? cessoriesand kneelers.Include bookracks

"You bet,"the Zuni boss assented.

The crew promptly returned to the line.

The Indians rarely complain—unWrite for catalog. See why your best buy is Duriiarn,

less their rigid taboos are broken.

TESTED tra- t a sacred overstep Let someone \ APPROVED AND t heapbig dition, though, and there's LEADING BY trouble. \ INSTITUTIONS FOR / 13virVi %.OVER 50 YEARS 'THE FmEST METKU FURMVTVJRE *'

DURHAM MANUFACTURING CORPORATION MUNCIE, INDIANA

SEPTEMBEH 1960 669 Another quality that brings high endeared themselves to the Forest praise from the foresters is the InService, even though they must be dian's refusal to panic. There's altransported long distances. For the

ways a great peril in battling forest most part, they are flown to the fire fires, but the Indians seem to possess site by U S Air Force planes, occaan inherent sixth sense that serves sionally by commercial airliner.

them well during hazardous assignFor their part the Indians like to ments. They sense just the right cooperate with the white man in

moment to clear out of a danger fighting forest fires. Economically

quality spot or to dodge a crashing tree. many of them are hard pressed to

They have a remarkably low accieke out a bare existence. Fire fightcopper printing dent and sickness record. ing offers an honest and useful

plates Consequently, they can be placed method to raise their living standards.

color process at vulnerable points where others Competition is keen between the almost certainly would meet disaster. various units. None of them wants

or blacit They build firelines in rough, mounto be reported as doing a bad job.

& white tainous terrain too precipitous for a They earn every penny they make, bulldozer to go. "In a pinch,"one for fire fighting is the hardest of

forester remarked in admiration, work.

"those fellows can be relied upon to An Indian usually earns about $150 take care of themselves and instincto $250 per fire. He's x>aid off in

tively do the right thing at tlie right cash as he steps aboard the hometime."wardbound plane—an assurance that

Of course, if things get too tough, he'll arrive at the reservation with they turn aside for a moment to money in his pocket. In a recent

"make medicine."District Ranger year, of the some 3,500 Indians in

Lewis reports that in one San Berthe Zuni tribe, about 1,500 of the nardino Forest fire the flames broke men battled fires in various forests o\ev the fireline and headed up a of the West. They received in the

mountainside. An Apache crew atneighborhood of $150,000 for their

fire, services. there's the best despite its These days but a new RICHMOND 92396 tackedCALL COLLECT rV<l iR@SEENGRAVING COMPANY efforts of look pueblos. the streaked blaze around out Zuni many

or write 1242 Santee St., Los Angeles 15, Calif. control. The Indian straw boss Late model cars and pickup trucks

REMARKABLY COMFORTABLE called his crew into a huddle. The are parked outside, and inside—shingroup chanted a song for a few moing new washing machines.

NEW'BESIGN ments,For aboutthenfivehustledminutesbacktheto position.rampagWOOD ingdownflamefor noburnedapparenton, reasonthen diedand

easily controlled. TEMPUS FIDGETS FOlBim was the ranger questioned the When

CHAIRS crew leader about the singing, he

COROMT replied,put out the"Wefire."make medicine to help BY KAY CAMMER

220 During one fire, a forester noticed mystic Zuni symbols and figures carved on tree trunks along the fireToo suddenly line. protested he When to the To seem quite true, chief the tree mutilation, Zuni about

NOT ON IT the Indian assured him that the I'm actually 22!

markings were necessary. No flames A while ago

could cross the line while guarded by these symbols and figures the I'd loads of fun chief asserted. The line held! When I was only 21.

the Zunis days later put few construction "A"FRAME A on It's very hard or No sag short chant. rigid a ceremonial dance and

cradles your figure DESIGNsway—permanently CONTOUR To understandits the chief conclusion At informed rock. firmly They "nest"Won't STACK HIGH.

SIMPLE CLOSING ACTION. Silent and positive the camp boss that it would rain Just shreds of time left in

rails or channels No noisy following the Sure enough,

Boltaflex cover soon. SEAT. PADDED FOAM

skies day, the darkened a few my hand. of colors and Choice 14

RICHLY GRAINED wood. Durable satin finish sprinkles fell.

Especially suitable for Relief Society rooms "Not much of a rain,"the camp But I proceed; or other extra "nice"areas.

boss like demonstration? remarked. a you Would bolder, Content and

in area, your for the dealer Write "Small dance, small rain,"replied

Pats. Pending too, are getting Because you chief. the

Little wonder Indian crews have older.

NORQUIST'PRODUCTS INC.

CHANDLER STREET, JAMESTOWN, NEW YORK

670 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA... IN YOUR HOME

Set Apart IN YOUR CHAPEL...

{Continued from page 635)

what importance attaches to the work of those who help to bring it about?

To destroy man's mortal life is one of the greatest of sins. But how

much greater is the sin of one who causes the loss of eternal life? Suppose that one defaults in his Church

responsibility. Suppose that because he says, "I go sir"but goes not,

a brother is allowed to lose eternal H life. What is the situation? Whether

the tragedy came by design or default, the loss is the same.

President John Taylor said, "If you do not magnify your calling,God will hold you responsible for PRATT & LAMBERTthose whom you might have saved had you done your duty."(Journal

of Discourses 20:23.) What a grave

and frightening idea. Comparatively

few people will ever become Sons Countless homes in the area and many of our most beautifully decoof Perdition or shed innocent blood, rated LDS Chapels are finished inside and out with the finest—-Pratt

yet they may lose their own bless- & Lambert paints and varnishes.

ings and the blessings of many for whom they have responsibility by SALT LAKE GLASS & PAINT CO.

a simple failure to magnify their "Decorating Center of the Intermountain Area"calling. If the greatest joy is the 330 Eosf 4th South Salt Lake City, Utah

satisfaction of saving a soul, then—See your local Pratt & Lambert dealer—

how terrible must be the remorse of those who allow a soul to be lost.

The scriptures speak of our possibility of being "Saviors upon Mt.

Zion."That is our highest possible

rank. But the only way to become

a Savior is to save someone. How

would you feel if you were a doctor devoting your life to the practice of medicine but you had never actually saved anyone? The most stimulating experience that any doctor

can have is to see someone regain the bloom of health under his ministry.

Then imagine what it will be like to know that many people will live forever in the celestial kingdom because of the skill and devotion with which you have done the particular work for which you have been "set apart."Jesus said, "... how great

shall be your joy with him in the kingdom of my Father!"(D&C

18:15.) This we can only try to

imagine. But every Church worker

should give himself this thrilling For Picnics Thaf Click, Get TABLE QUEEN BUNS experience of saving someone as Salt lake city royal baking company Ogden early as possible. We must make

ourselves capable. We must be able

to guarantee our own success.

The one business of life is to sucHow about sending a gift subscription to the ERA?

ceed. We are not placed here to

waste our lives in failure. It is so A monthly reminder of your thoughtfuJness.

12 issues - $3.00

SEPTEMBER 1960 671.

QUICK PROFITS

from EASY SALES easyto maketo say,promises."I go sir."It isIt sois easyso easyto yoursible life'semployeeenterprisewho towasfail. causingWhat

Vour people will buy fail. Winston Churchill described would your attitude toward him be?

Messenger's LatterSaints Art Calenthe efforts of one as "timid, tiny, Or suppose that the eternal lives of day dar on sight. This is tardy, torpid, tedious, and tentative."your children were in his hands.

especially the calendar designed produced When our work is aimed in this diWhat do you think the attitude of and for the Latter Father will be toward Heavenly - day rection, we set ourselves apart for our Saint market. Wards to lose his children those failure. who cause can and Stakes make

proven up to 100%andprofit.testedA Suppose that you had an irrespontheir blessings because they say, "I

fundraising program for quorums and organizations.

Mail coupon today for full particulars.

LatterMessenger..gentleness with firmness..??

Saints CalArt day endar has brief scriptural message Latter for Saints for eachdayday Richard L. Evans

of the year toart propriategether with 13 apreproductions i n In some recent weeks we have spoken of home and full, natural color.

historiAlso mothers, of fathers and families, of the need for cal data, etc. The

fullcolor ScripturTHE example, for teaching and for talking and for keepal supplement on these lines from close confidence, SPOKEN ing and we cited the cover back is WORD beautiful most the before and he leaves Locke: "A young man John

suitable for framshelter of his father's house,... should be fortified with resolution, ing.

... to secure his virtues, lest he should be led into some ruinous

3 copies $1.25; 454; Single copy PRICES: is sufficiently acquainted with before course, precipice, or fatal he copies $7.75; 25 $4.50; 12 copies

.. this, today to share should like the dangers.."'Following we $15.00. copies 50

early teaching of and further the importance thoughts on some prices better for on largerr\ie today first child's lesson said, Franklin "Let thy be Benjamin sales for plan. training. provenquantities and

.. training discipline that should and idea obedience,."- The

:? v- center outside the home is an altogether untenable idea. Contrary

Francis Proctor to what is sometimes supposed, studies on the subject would suggest 1051 E. 21st South, Salt Lake City 6, Utah that youth would like to look to parents for leadership, for guidance,

Messenger send at once Please for 1961. lacking which they feel too footloose, and unsure of themselves. Saints Latterday Art Calendars

Enclosed is remittance of $ Reasonably, there comes the question: What are parents for? Not

D PleaseStake salessend freeplan.information on Ward and issimplya greatforservicefood andin itself.shelterButandparentsphysicalarenecessities,also counselors,althoughbuildersthis

of character, teachers of truth, and must not abdicate their particuName. lar position as parents. Parents are those to whom God has given

Address children, with first responsibility for them, as the molders and

City State. shapers of manners and morals. "With children,"said Charles

Haddon Spurgeon, "we must mix gentleness with firmness.—They

must not always have their own way, but they must not always be thwarted.—If we never have headaches through rebuking them,

[when they are young] we shall have plenty of heartaches when they grow up."'"An infallible way to make your child miserable,"

swells satisfy all his "is to demands.—Passion by Henry Home, DISCOUNTS said

of his of impossibility gratification; satisfying every one and the FOLDKING after at last to stop short he has become wishes will oblige you CHURCHES TO Carlyle, people,"Christian wrote Thomas headstrong."OTHERS "Good AND

"here [in your children] lies for you an inestimable loan;—take all

heed thereof, in all carefulness employ it. With high recompense,

or else with heavy penalty, will it one day be required back."-'The

duty upon parents is much more than merely to provide—it is also

K-3 NO. TABLE to teach and train, to counsel, and, as necessary, correct—to live the

MASONITE TEMPERED PLA5TIC1ZED TOP part of parents, with gentleness and firmness so intermixed as never

TABLE LINE FOLDING social to avoid wise discipline or the doing of duty; to show forth leaderKitchen committees,

attention! Directfrom- groups, love. out to leave never ship, remembering and

discounts prices up factory Churches, terms.—to 40%

all Clubs,—Schools, and Lodges presented and the Square Temple Spoken Word,"from over KSL "The

organizations. Our new MonCopyright 1960. 1960. System, Broadcasting July 10, Columbia Folding FoldKing roe 1961

Banquet Tables arc unmatched quality, durability, convenfor MODEIS. 7 JJohn Locke, Concerning Education. Thoughts Some

appearience handsome ROILING. and SMOOTH, Franklin, Poor Richard. "Benjamin

sizes. and STORAGE, ance. 68 Models HANDLING, EASY Spurgeon. Charles Haddon

FREE—BIG 1961 CATALOG ''Henry''ThomasHome.Carlyle.

Color pictures. Full line tobies, chairs, table and chair trucks,

phitformrisers, portobie partitions, bulletin boords. 53rd year.

I THE MONROE CO., 249 Church St., Colfax, Iowa

672 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA go sir"and go not? "The worst blasphemy is not profanity but lip service."The greatest waste there is in

the world is not the devastation tliat goes with war nor is it the cost that goes with crime, nor is it both of these put together. The greatest

waste there is in the world is that human beings, you and I, live so far below the level of our possibilities. Compared with what we might

be, we are only half awake.

There is a song that says, "If we fail, we fail in glory."That is ridiculous. No failure is glorious. Every

failure is a sin, not only for itself alone but also for what it is a sign of. Failure is a sign of something

wrong in us. It is a sign that we

have not set ourselves apart for success. To fail in our own business is

bad enough but to fail in our Father's business means that many people will lose the blessings of eternal life.

We must not fail, and why should we fail? If we do the right things

there is almost no possibility of failure.

You are the child of God, created in God's image, and endowed with his attributes. Just remember who

you are. There is everything in 13,725,619 people sawu s steei worked together to build a muchneeded

knowing your origin and constantly movies in 1959. Business and profesnew school. In addition to group showings, featured film also the the general was on TV. schools groups, and it life.reaffirming in your You sional theatrical Mile Five Dream,"a "The U. S. three dozen public, some watched creator's thehave inherited power is short, story of Michigan's bridging in the films 47,000 over Steel educational

and wisdom. You are engaged in the separate showings. Perhaps you have Straits of Mackinac. Almost 3i/4 niillion

work in which God himself spends seen some of these films: people saw this film last year. "Practihis entire time. Cling to your in- "Rhapsody of Steel"has been praised cal Dreamer,"which offers kitchen planheritance and develop your endowas one of the finest theatrical shorts ever ning tips; "Mackinac Bridge Diary;"

ments to their utmost. produced. It shows the history of steel "Jonah and the Highway;"and "Steel

Not many people are great befrom its Stone Age discovery to the im-—Man's Servant"are some of the films

cause of what they presently are, portant role this remarkable metal now most requested during 1959.

but everyone is great for what he plays in conquering space. This outIf you would like complete booking

may become. Regarded as a finished standing animated color film is now information about U. S. Steel movies,

product, no one may be particularly being shown in a number of motion picwrite United States Steel, 525 William 30, Pa. country. the theaters Penn Place, Pittsburgh throughout to reture himself.impressive even But

trademark for USS is a registered "Plan Learning"an won NEA possibility, eternalgarded as an you "dislast for year Bell School Awardare magnificent. Savior are a You service advertising public tinguished

possess the Mt.upon Zion. You This of education."in behalf color film S) United States Steelgreatest potentialities. Allow no extells the story community of how one

ceptions to success to occur. Everyone stands or falls according to what

he believes in and works for and lives by. You can believe in and

fight for the most important things THE CENTER OF in the world. To that end you have (\ CONVENIENCE

been set apart and blessed.,. 9 NEW AMERICA

But in addition you may give yourCOOOfji MOTEL self set yourself a blessing apart and 320BEAUTTSAIONBEAUTIFULMAIN AI HfTM BRIBERSOUTHROOMSSHOfor greatness energy, your your by faith, your eagerness, and your determination. You may set yourself

apart to hold God's work dearer than all else. It is a wonderful thing to

be "set apart"for the work of the salt lake cityLord. JVm..

miilSm Wot SdofpcA mL 2 iwMdsL pci}Jkllj5tE

SEPTEMBER I960 673 For nearly five years now a concerted effort has been made in all the stakes of the Church to get an organized program of priesthood reactivation into full and effective operation.

Every priesthood leadership meeting held in connection with a stake conference during this entire time has dealt with one phase or another of this program of priesthood reactivation.

At the last three quarterly conferences, the particular part of the priesthood reactivation program which has received special emphasis has been entitled, "Keep Faith with Your Family."Future stake conferences will see further attention given to the "Keep

Faith with your Family"program and also to other vital phases of the overall program of priesthood reactivation.

Now that all of this experience has been gained in the presentlyin-use policies and procedures governing the Church's program of priesthood reactivation, it seems appropriate for all concerned to evaluate their understanding of the program and review such results as have been obtained.

Accordingly, this is the first of two articles on the general subject of priesthood reactivation. It will

deal with a recapitulation of the general objectives and procedures in use in the program. Next month

these pages will carry a more detailed explanation of how to make the "Keep Faith with Your Family"program work in the most effective way.

LCHIZEDEK Objectives of Priesthood Reactivation

ESTHOOD What, then, are the goals of this program? Where

are we going and what do we expect to accomplish?

Unless we set our sights right, we have little hope of success. And so, by way of review, may we say

that the objectives of the program are four in number.

1. A Church Assignment for Every Adult Brother Is Your

This is the initial goal, the first major objective.

Priesthood modestManifestlyamountthere ofis anddevotioncan beto somethe Churchactivity andand itsa programs and ideals without the actual acceptance of a Church assignment. But in the sense of working Reactivation out one's salvation, activity and devotion are not

shown forth in any measurable degree unless, and until, a person begins to render service in the kingdom. Program

Service is the beginning of the kind of activity that leads to salvation. True Saints are up and doing, Working? giving of their time, talents, means, and abilities in

building up the kingdom and furthering the Lord's affairs and interest on earth. As Bishop Carl W.

Buehner so aptly expresses it: "Life in the Church

is a job in the Church!"

674 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 2. Temporal and Spiritual Progression for All Procedures of Priesthood Reactivation

Brethren In a manner of speaking, the whole program of the

As to temporal progression, we are concerned with Church is geared to the attainment of the goals of the whole field of a priesthood quorum's part in the priesthood reactivation. But to provide an orderly

Church welfare field. It is the responsibility of ward and systematic way of reclaiming the greatest possible

bishops to arrange for the production and distribution number of inactive brethren, the following six specific of welfare budgets. It is the work of the priesthood suggestions have been made in recent years:

quorum to handle matters pertaining to rehabilitation. 1. Schools for Senior Members and Their Wives

If there are brethren without employment, the Procedures and policies governing these schools are quorum should help them in gaining jobs. If there well known throughout the Church. Their success

are those who need better employment, then better has been phenomenal. Many couples have become

jobs for them is the answer—and the quorum is to active and been sealed to each other in the temple

serve in gaining such. If brethren need help and as a direct result of the training given and the testicounsel in the better performance of their temporal monies born in them.

pursuits, it is the quorum that should make such available. 2. School for Elders and Their Wives

As to spiritual progression, such is the direct outThese, also, are being held in nearly every stake in growth of personal righteousness. In other words, it the Church and are virtually as productive as are

is the responsibility of priesthood quorums to lead the separate schools for senior members of the Aaronic their members in paths of righteousness, to persuade Priesthood.

them to keep the Word of Wisdom, honor the Sabbath day, pay an honest tithing, have regular family 3. Church Activity Program

prayer in the home, maintain strictest integrity and Instinctively and automatically it always has been honor in business dealings, uphold the standards of the endeavor of active Church members to bring the chastity and morality, and keep the commandments in full benefits and blessings of the gospel into the general. Such a course opens the door to spiritual lives of their less active brethren by getting such

progression and leads to eventual salvation in the persons to participate in the program of the Church.

kingdom of God. In recent years there has been a concerted effort

To aid quorum officers in leading their quorum to do this, and so all of the programs of the Church members in paths of spiritual progression, an annual have come to play their part in the great priesthood confidential interview is provided. In this interview reactivation program.

various items relative to a brother's life and conduct are revealed and counsel is given as to what course 4. Cottage Meetings for Elders and Others

of conduct he should follow.

Practically the whole program of gospel teaching 3. Celestial Marriage for Every Person used by missionaries is centered around the cottage

To enter into the order of eternal marriage and then meeting program. Conversions conie because the

to keep the covenants made in connection with that gospel is taught to nonmembers in these meetings.

holy order—these are the great objects of life. Temple The same principle applies where unconverted memmarriage is the gate to exaltation. It is available for bers are concerned. By teaching them the lessons

those who become stable and sound in the Church found in the standard proselyting plan, as well as and who prepare themselves by personal righteousness other material, many are being brought to the full for its blessings. Priesthood reactivation is not comblessings and benefits of the priesthood.

plete until a man has been sealed to his family in the 5. Personal Missionary Approach

temple.

This is a system of asking an active brother to work 4. Attainment of Eternal Life with one less active, to do it secretly and without ostenThis, of course, is the final great goal of all phases tation, to use every approach possible (cultural, civic,

of Church service and gospel devotion. It grows out of athletic, recreational, fraternal, or whathave-you ) to

a temple marriage, coupled with obedience to all mellow the inactive brother to the point where he of the standards of the Church. will come and partake {Continued on page 687)

SEPTEMBER 1960 675 As a result of this new directive, most young deacons, teachers, and priests will have more frequent contact with the work for the dead than they have previously had. This is highly desirable, for this important work is one of the greatest things underway

in the world today.

Bishopric members, advisers, and others working with these young people should make every effort to impress upon them the significance of this work. If

they understand and appreciate it, their participation will be more meaningful to them and they will be more anxious to participate than they would otherwise be.

They must understand the gospel plan, and how it has been provided that everyone will have a chance to hear the gospel. They should have a knowledge

of the great work going on in the spirit world. They

should appreciate the significance of baptism, and realize the great blessing that results when this ordinance is performed on behalf of those in the spirit

The Aaronic Priesthood and kingdom.

work for the dead In addition to this teaching, leaders and advisers have another responsibility, that of encouraging as

Instructions have recently been issued by the Premany of these yovmg men as possible to take part.

siding Bishopric, at the direction of the First PresiEach year the Church receives thousands of names dency, to the effect that those being baptized for the for whom this ordinance must be performed. In some

dead should be twelve years of age or over. phase or other of this work, all members of the Church

This modification places a new and extremely sighave a responsibility. The Aaronic Priesthood's is in

nificant responsibility on the Aaronic Priesthood, for connection with baptism for the dead.

it is anticipated that bearers of this priesthood between We realize that the lack of temple facilities in some the ages of 12 and 21 and girls of comparable age areas limits participation. Those areas which have

will perform the majority of this ordinance work. Up access to a temple are very fortunate, and young

to this time, a great deal of it has been done by boys Aaronic Priesthood bearers living in these areas should and girls eight to twelve years of age. be given every encouragement to take part. Leaders

Films made available through Presiding Bishopric's Office

Jack Barton, played by Ned Williams, with his youngest son, played by Douglas Whitaker when father recognizes that his life has great effect on his family. in these areas can do more than encourage—they can But many of us understand the principle and still

organize excursions and in other ways offer actual fail in the practice. Perhaps the social, friendly naassistance. ture of the Church itself contributes thereto. We

With this new instruction, both Aaronic Priesthood sometimes forget that there are times to commune bearers under 21 and their leaders are given an with our fellows and times to commune with our God.

increased responsibility in connection with a very vital It is possible, as we have so many times been rephase of the gospel plan. minded, to be both friendly and reverent.

Sometimes we adults blame our young people, without realizing that their actions are but a reflection of

Ward Teaching Supplement—our own. If we are reverent and wellbehaved, they

Reverence an Individual Responsibility will be also.

Even our concept of Deity may contribute to our

As members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterlack of reverence. We understand God to be a perday Saints, we are blessed above all peoples. With sonal Being, a kind and loving Father. Our attitude

recognition of this fact should come a desire to live toward him is largely one of love rather than fear.

the gospel the best we can in order that we might in Thus we are not "frightened"into behaving reverently.

some degree merit these blessings. Our religious services and the appearance of our

Often, however, ovuactions fall short of this ideal. chapels, simple in contrast to the complex and ornate

Some principles we live with a certain amount of counterparts of other faiths, may also have a bearing success; in other areas, most of us can improve. An on this.

example of the latter is the practice of reverence. Whatever the reasons, the fact remains that many

Realizing that we sometimes behave less reverently times we are not as reverent as we could and should than we should, we ought to inquire as to why. Is be. The responsibility to improve is with each of

it because we fail to understand the meaning of the us. And we are given many examples to follow. We

principle? see in our mind's eye, Moses removing his shoes as

Perhaps to a certain degree, this is true. Some of the voice of the Lord tells him he is on holy ground.

us seem to think of reverence as a kind of stuffiness We see King Benjamin speaking to a multitude from or weakness, rather than realizing it to be what it a tower, and President McKay speaking to a multitude is: "an intrinsic and inviolate claim to respect... from a tabernacle pulpit. We see Lorenzo Snow fastmingled with love and awe,"according to Webster. ing in a temple and Joseph Smith kneeling in a grove.

In its most fundamental sense, it is actually an underWe see shepherds bowing in a manger and the Son of standing that certain places and certain things are Man praying in a garden. We realize that with these,

sacred, with an awareness of how to conduct oneself reverence is more than just a characteristic. It is a

in their presence. way of life. So should it be with each of us.

\i

The Presiding Bishopric's Office is making a series available onlv on a stake basis but soon will be of fine films, averaging about twentyfive minutes in released to wards as well.

length, available to wards and stakes. These films, Come Back, My So7i, The Sacraynent Meeting, The

some of which are in color, deal with various phases Bishop, President of the Aaronic Priesthood, and It's of the Aaronic Priesthood program. Sacrament meetthe Ward Teachers are available to both wards and

ings, and ward teaching. stakes.

Newest is As the Twig Is Bent, a twentyseven-minFurther information, if desired, may be obtained ute color film on the power of example. It is now by writing the Presiding Bishopric's Office.

SEPTEMBER I960 677 Florence B. P'mnock, Editor

JJL

School bells are ringing again, and there is excitecontain love and pride. There are two kinds of

ment in the air. The first day of school is so special, nourishment: one for the body and one for the soul.

a little like Christmas, or your first pair of highLet your lunches show your love and care. As your

heel shoes, or your first real suit of clothes bought child opens his lunch, can he be proud of what it downtown. Breathless is the best word I know to contains and the way it is prepared? I can remember

describe it. The first graders trotting oS to school, when I was very young at school, sitting at a desk eatso proud of their new status, but more than a little ing my lunch and gazing at a boy across the aisle. A

scared! The second graders feeling so big in their lump rose in my throat, and I couldn't swallow because

knowledge of having been through it all before! of what I saw. His sandwiches were two very thick,

Then there are the blase seventh graders excited bealmost hunks of dry bread glued together with jam, cause they are now starting junior high but trying and they were wrapped in a newspaper. A carried

to act so "know it all."lunch reflects the type of home it comes from. A

Next the seniors in high school, with a little tinge school lunch, when opened should say, "someone of "this is the last time."At this moment, next year cares."

is so near it appears like a big hollow cavern all A day can be made better by the way a mother unknown; but anyway the swagger begins as they hands her child his lunch. Do it with a smile and

enter the high school front door, head high, thinking, a "happy day, dear."Take time to glance directly

"I am the oldest; I know more than anyone else here."into his eyes with your eyes, saying, "I believe in

Breathless, all, and especially mother at home, who you, don't let me down."Then the day will be better

is not quite used to the hustle and bustle of everyone for both of you.

up so early, each with a destination in mind requirThe contents of the lunch bag can become monotoing special clothes and a lunch in hand! nous, but I know one boy who liked it that way. He

Nine months of lunches lie ahead—lunches to be was staying with an aunt for a month, and she asked

carried to school! These lunches must contain all him what he would like in his sandwiches. She sugthe nourishment of a good home "sit down at the gested a number of different fillings. He said no to

table"lunch. That's a big order. In our day's eating each one until finally in exasperation she said, "Fredthere are four requirements. See that your day condie, just what do you like?"The answer was, "Just

tains: first dairy foods, such as milk, cheese, butter, tuna fish."Perhaps he was just a "tuna boy,"but

ice cream, etc.; second, meat group, including fish, surely he was the exception.

poultry, and eggs; third, vegetables and fruits, in- A group of five young high school boys and girls,

clude both dark green and yellow vegetables, citrus in order to combat this lunch bag monotony, formed fruits or tomatoes; fourth, breads and cereals, use a cooperative system. One day one would bring

whole or enriched grains. Let your sack lunches sandwiches for the whole group, next day a something

contain a good part of these requirements. extra like pickles, olives, potato chips, salad, or toThere should be something in the bag besides matoes, third day fruit in some form, and the fourth

just basic requirements, by this, I mean, it should day dessert. When I asked about the fifth day the anSEPTEMBER 1960 679

swer was, that person brought the bread, try mixing drained cooked and salt, canned milk and hot water, robe to sit on. Whether it was your navy beans, ground ham, grated raw beating constantly. Add yeast mixturn to bring the robe to sit on or the carrots and salad dressing.) ture. Add flour gradually, turn out,

something extra, it was fun to j)lan. The secret of variety in sandand knead until very smooth and

Most famihes though, must pack all wiches is to use different kinds of elastic, roll out to V2 inch thickness, four things each day, and this, too breads. and spread with softened butter.

takes planning ahead. Lunches can Fold half of dough over other half

be nourishing, delicious, and filled Try using: and spread with butter. Fold again

with suspense. Here are a few sugBaking powder biscuits, varying and spread with butter. After fifth

gestions: them with cheese mix, onion soup, time, roll and cut out with biscuit

grated orange rind, crumbled crisp cutter and put into wellgreased

Sandtviches bacon, celery or cardaman seeds in tins. Allow to rise to double in bulk.

the mix. Bake at 425 degrees F. for 8 to 12

Big Boy Sandwich: rye bread, butSweet breads such as raisin, date, minutes. Makes 32 rolls.

ter, Swiss cheese, chopped mustard and apple banana, coconut and pickle. lemon bread recipes found in DeSomething Extra for the Lunch

Mock ham sandwich: ground bocember 1959 Era.

logna, mixed with sweet relish and Yeast rolls: Brownie roll, recipe Crisp carrot or celery sticks

mayonnaise. found in March 1959 Era, hamburger Deviled eggs

Meat loaf sandwich: hamburger rolls, weiner buns, hard rolls. Salted nuts

roll, meat loaf, sliced dill pickle, letDried fruits tuce. Grandmas Cinnamon Lunch Bread Cubed cheese on toothpicks

Peppy sandwich: whole wheat Green pepper circles

bread, (add Vs cup evaporated milk V4 cup melted shortening Cauliflower to % cup soft yellow cheese, cream % cup sugar Fresh coconut well. Add 1 cup shredded dried 1 teaspoon salt Paper cups with lids containing salad

beef, 2 tablespoons, drained horse- 1 egg, beaten or fruit cocktail radish.) Makes 6 large sandwiches. 1 cake fresh or a package granular Little whole tomatoes

Salad sandwich: whole wheat yeast All kinds of fresh fruits

bread, (grind V2 pound of bologna V4: cup lukewarm water

or cooked ham and 3 hardcooked 1 cup milk, scalded Desserts eggs, mix with 2 tablespoons chopped about SV2 cups enriched flour pimiento, V2 cup drained sweet rel- V-i cup sugar Stuffed dates ish, V2 cup salad dressing). Makes 6 IVe teaspoons cinnamon Fruit turnovers

sandwiches. Combine melted shortening, Vi Cup cakes

Peanut plus sandwich: (Chop fine cup sugar, salt, and egg; add yeast Cookies

6 cooked prunes and 1 cup seedless softened in lukewarm water. Cool

raisins. Mix with V2 cup peanut milk to lukewarm, add alternately Candy Cookies

butter, V2 cup evaporated milk, 1 with flour. Knead lightly. Let rise

tablespoon lemon juice.) Makes 6 in greased bowl until double in bulk. 3 eggs

sandwiches. Punch down. Roll in rectangle. IV3 cups sugar

Irish sandwich: (Put through meat Brush with melted butter. Sprinkle V4 cup evaporated milk

chopper IVa cups corned beef, 2 with remaining V4 cup sugar and cin- 2 cups all purpose flour hai-d-cooked eggs, 1 slice day old namon. Roll as for jelly roll; place 4 teaspoon salt

bread, 5 sweet pickles and mix with in greased 5 by 10 inch loaf pan. 1 teaspoon cinnamon

% cup salad dressing and 4 teaspoon Let rise until doubled in bulk. Bake 1 cup soft gumdrops cut in small

dry mustard.) Makes 6 sandwiches. in moderate oven 350 degrees F. for pieces (no black ones)

Deviled egg sandwich. Whole about 45 minutes. While warm, 1 tablespoon flour

wheat bread. (Mix together 6 brush with light corn syrup. Sprinkle V2 cup chopped nuts

chopped, hardcooked eggs, V2 teawith additional 2 tablespoons sugar spoon of onion salt Vz teaspoon dry and 1 teaspoon cinnamon. Beat eggs until light, add sugar

mustard, pepper, V4 cup chopped and milk. Add dry ingredients and

ripe olives, about 4 cup salad dressFlaky Roll stir in gumdrops. Add nuts mixed

ing.) in the 1 tablespoon flour. Bake in

Bacon and egg sandwich: (Mix IV4 cups evaporated milk a shallow greased 10 by 13 inches

together 6 crisp slices of bacon, 1 cup hot water pan. Bake at 325 degrees F. for

crumbled, 3 hardcooked eggs, V4: cup lukewarm water about V2 hour or until cake shrinks

chopped, 1 teaspoon grated onion, 2 yeast cakes from sides of pan. Cut in strips 3

salt, pepper, and about Vt cup salad Va cup sugar inches by 2 inches.

dressing. 1 tablespoon salt

Ham and peanut sandwich: ( Grind 2 eggs Butterscotch Bars

V2 pound of ham or bologna, add about 7 cups sifted flour

Vi cup finely chopped salted peasoftened butter Melt V2 cup butter in a saucepan.

nuts, 3 tablespoons drained sweet Add 2 cups brown sugar, firmly relish, about V2 cup salad dressing.) Dissolve yeast in Vi cup lukepacked and blend well. Cool. Add

Beanie sandwich: (Whole wheat warm water. Beat eggs, add sugar 2 unbeaten eggs and 2 teaspoons

680 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Postum is the natural wholegrain drink

When you're looking for a hearty, healthful drink, try Postum.

Postum is made from wholegrain cereals, slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor.

Postum is 100% coffeefree, contains no caflfein or other artificial stimulants. And don't forget, Postum tastes so good

and it's so good for you!

100% coffeefree Another fine product of General Foods

SEPTEMBER I960 681 vanilla. Beat vigorously. Sift together 1% cups flour, 2 teaspoons

baking powder, and V2 teaspoon salt.

Add to other mixture and beat well.

Spread batter evenly on greased 8 by 12 inch pan. Bake about 30 minutes at 340 degrees F. Don't overcook. The cookies have a nice

chewier consistency if slightly underbaked. Cut in strips while warm

and roll in powdered sugar.

Washboard Cookies

1 cup shortening 2 cups brown sugar 2 eggs 1 teaspoon soda V4 cup hot water 1 cup coconut 1 teaspoon vanilla 4V2 cups flour 4 teaspoon salt IV2 teaspoons baking powder BUILD

Cream shortening, add the sugar and eggs, and beat well. Dissolve WITH the soda in the hot water and add

to the first mixture. Add the dry

ingredients and vanilla. Form into BRICK a narrow cookie about 3 inches by 1

inch, run a fork down the center to make ridges. Bake at 400 degrees F.

For Chapels, Schools, Homes, Gymfor 8 to 10 minutes.

nasiums or any building... for outside

or inside... you can build better with Refrigerator Crispies

BRICK.

Brick gives you enduring beauty, 1 cup shortening versatile minimum maintenance, con- 1 sugar cup brown struction, fire safety and LOW CONsugar 1 cup

STRUCTION COST. 2 wellbeaten eggs

For Brick, Glazed Tile or the new 1 teaspoon vanilla vitrified Clay Sewer Pipe with the IV2 cups flour

WedgeLock, come in or call; 1 teaspoon salt

1 teaspoon soda

V2 walnuts cup choppedUTAH FIRE CLAY CO 3 cups quickcooking oatmeal shortening and Thoroughly cream

Office: 1078 South 1st West Salt Lake City Dial EM 3-2763 sugar. Add eggs and vanilla, beat

well. Add sifted dry ingredients.

Add oatmeal and nuts; mix well.

Shape in rolls; wrap in wax paper

and chill thoroughly overnight. Slice

Va thick, inches on ungreased bake 1 tu HOME STUDY

F. sheet cookie degrees at 350

. * Increase your knowledge

* Develop your skills CAN CAREFULLY * yourself improve

Check and double check—the tops

Please send a copy of the Home Study catalog, without cost, of all fruit jars and discard all jars, V to: with nicks and cracks.

Name

-N Street (Please Print) Take time to- 'knifeout"air bub-. > City State bies.

Send to: Home Study

Adult Education and titension Services

Briqham Voung University Provo. Utah

682 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA V.ScU>e> -Kcycb nYU3ry\AAi [

Don't use—warped, rusty, or wornSPECIFYout bands.

Screw bands—down evenlv all

around, being sure all juice and food particles have been wiped from the AMERICA'S FINEST FOLDING CHAIRS AND TABLESthreads of the jar. VIRCO

You save on the original price, and you save on replacement—because VIRCO

lids. Do not—reuse folding chairs and tables are built for years of rugged service... priced to

* * jjt meet any budget. Folding chairs and tables may look alike, but when you compare

them pointby-point—for advanced design, structural use of Vircoloy steel

Before bottles storing—cold of

stronger), and to (up beauty—you'll find VIRCO furniture ahead 20%food, be sure the band has been

satisfaction. in field value and lasting of theremoved and the bottles seal tested

according to the manufacturer's directions.

ft * # # Do not—underprocess—follow directions.

Series of VIRCOMATIC ft ft ft ft Cafeteria AllPurpose and V '- adjust Folding Tables Use boiling water bather—for 21"easily height any from

fruits,processing juices, and toin oneinch to 31"—tomatoes. Heavy increments. gauge

ft ft ft ft ft tubular steel legs and

Use steam pressure—for processing Vircolitenonglare plasticlinen patterntops

beans, corn, and all other lowacid banded with foods. aluminum.

ft # ft ft ft Check the gauge—on your pressure

cooker. They do wear out and are

no longer safe.

ft ft ft ft ft Always use—fresh, sound, firm VIRCO #127 ALLMETAL

produce. FOLDING CHAIR

ft * * Tubular steel construction with

Wash produce—to be canned beTubularthree steelfusionweldedreinforcementbraces.in

fore you break the skin. -I front legs at seat pivot

ft ft ft ft ft point, also under forward edge of seat. Metal

Never oven can—it is not reliable, capped leg's with

and can be dangerous. durable rubber

ft ft ft ft ft crutch tips.

To keep—food from darkening

after peehng, add 2 tablespoons each of salt and vinegar to 1 gallon of FREE! New catalogue showing VIRCO's complete line

institutional folding chairs and tables. of church fruitcold and water. in this Drop water

to: today peel notas you leave the Write it. Do CORPORATIONfruit in it for than 15 more 44846, Station H, minutes. VIRCODept. L-9,MFG. P.O. Box

ft ft ft ft ft California Angeles, Los

Obtain—a new canning book for

reliable information on safe processing of foods. Your old one is out

dated—new ways of canning have

been discovered; for example. Ball

Blue Book (edition 26-B) can be 5t>jn<jt+j4>jJ*>J-*J ****$**$'"*i*$'*J**J**I* ****$''""J* *$ obtained by sending 25c to Ball Blue A BARGAIN IN TRAVEL!

Book, Box 5, Muncie, Indiana. Two Months THE APOSTLES

OF A Delicious Corn Relish Unlimitedin EuropeTrain Travel ears 1 dozen of corn—cut the corn $125.00 JESUS CHRIST from the cob

1 quart of onions Can be purchased only in U.S.A. fullcolor pictures with text by

1 quart ripe cucvimbers Call or write President David O. McKay

1 quart of ripe tomatoes peeled new in booklet form 3 green peppers Christopherson Travel Service at your IDS Church Book Dealers

"Big John Weenig'$1.00

Box 403 Prove, Utah FR 3-5310 '*S*"'"'?*'''$*"'*"*$*""*5*"*J*'*J**I**''2*"*""

SEPTEMBER I960 683 6 small red peppers Put all (but the corn and season- 1 quart vinegar ings) through a food chopper. Mix

Vz cup salt all ingredients together. Boil about

3 tablespoons white mu'Jtard seed one hour until the right thickness.

Vz teaspoon tumeric powder Seal while hot in sterilized pint jars.

Experiments in Teaching which we work in our teaching. It

is not only the final step in religious (Continued from page 639) and character training but in many other areas as well. one When y BRIDAL GOWNS absence. activities Later, the were understands, knows, has conand FORMALS listed the family in on blackboard viction for principle a or practice, DRESSES the kitchen. father the As drove he ready and, cahope, is now we LINGERIE still instructions. away, giving he was

it of life. pable putting to in his work

first the town, he At phoned back principles, These so important, are final word. some the son was When in repeated are: summary. They father's his asked what message was exposure, repetition, understanding,

leaving, before replied with he conconviction or acceptance, and applisaid, fidence: "Father going 'I am cation.

over.'"take Repetinow, you Jim,

is It not easy to secure conviction eftion experience and had become to and application Christ's of make felt fective, father son both and and life. of rule as a Youth way do not 38 South Main Salt Lake City secure. get excited the about necessity of

3. Understanding going out of one's way to serve or

to help others. It is difficult for

With repetition the full learning them to understand and develop enprocess is still only partly achieved. thusiasm for the idea of, "Blessed

There must be thinking, reasoning, are they which are persecuted for and adjustment. Young minds are righteousness'sake."''

not satisfied with dogmatic presentaAs an example of the principles tions. They crave an answer to of teaching just discussed, the writer

questions like: "Why the Word of presents and recommends an experiWisdom?""Why chastity?""Why ment in teaching he has successfully

honesty?""Why temple marriage?"conducted in a class at the Logan

"Why worthy living?""Why caution LDS Institute of Religion called,

in choosing companions?""Why the "Projects in Christian Living."The

necessity of getting home at a definite class is usually limited to fifteen or hour following a date?""Why retwenty members because of the nastriction and order in the use of the ture of the program and consists of

car?"lOOICW—AllOthtr Si2—600Voltages,WattPhases.to family activities. of four kinds

of is conducted 1. A discussionUSE POWER TOOLS WITH DEPENDABLE achievedThis understandingbut the resultsis arenot worthyeasily Christ's principles of love, forgiveOWER PIANTS of 4.anyConmctionconsistent effort. ness,gestedandby personalthe referencescontrol asat sugthe

You save 4 big ways with o beginning of this article. Such is

electric plant: WINPOWER is talk days these There much conducted in regular informal but idles automatically plant (1) load when

is off. confuel about people cuts cost young among class periods. are The principles

... lowers noise.. extends engine. to resent.. formity. are prone They reviewed life; class until analyzed and

less costs (2) to buy... priced to and resist it, unless they accept the members have a common concept all beat competition;

speeds (3) production up by principles involved. supplying Conviction is of the abstract meanings of the varicost, instant low the [ob; power on of a condition acceptance the inward gives teachings. long ous you (4) dependable and

service backed by 35 years of or principle. Conformity may be 2. Visits are made to homes of the manufacturing experience. Portabie

cradle units or two wheel dolly acceptance out of necessity, pressure, needy, shutins, and aged, or those types.

FREE BROCHURE AND COMPLETE INFORor convenience. The successful otherwise neglected. Students find

MATION SENT BY RETURN MAIL. teacher fully understands that he their own contacts, explain the namust work for conviction that is ture of the visit, and make the approperly guided and formed. Conpointments. They also conduct the WINPOWER MFG. CO.

Dept. NEWTON. IOWA formity without conviction may easactivities in the home. These activiily break down under changing ties may consist of introductions,

Distributed by conditions. family and name recognitions, stories

CO. A. JONES L

St. Salt1120 Richards Lake City, Utah 5. Application of conversion, pioneering, work in

DA 2-5849 the Church, and testimonies of life

Ideal tor This is the final step in the proefforts and purposes. A favorite exCONSTRUCTION - HOME - FARM gram. It is also the objective for perience comes when, by invitation CAMPING

WELFARE and EMERGENCY PROGRAMS

684 THE IMPKOVEMENT ERA

Right at the Center of the Center of Scenic America

from students, the hosts respond to student questions regarding their philosophy of Kfe and offer their own suggestions for the guidance of the youth of today. Students later write

up their reports and impressions of the visits. Students are always interested in these visits, and we can

never quite satisfy the demands in the number that we are able to make.

3. Students accept an invitation to

watch in their own lives for opportunities to improve in Christian conduct. They go to work, as the case

may be, on quick tempers, selfish motives, inconsistent feelings, faultfindAdjacent to worldfamous Temple Square ing, gossip, unforgiving spirits, and Your choice of downtown locations:

so forth. Testimonies by students

with conditioned rooms Hotel Utah with conditioned 1 50 air rooms 500 airthemselves, as as well by their assoHOTEL television, pool, conice swimming circulating and TV MOTORciates, indicate the accomplishment facilities vention for up lobby, adjoining UTAH radio,water, to 1500 garage /-vrtpc of considerable change in personal Empire Room, Coffee Shop. persons.

living. These class reports come to Max Dean, Manager

be most interesting and thrihing as they indicate growth and emotional satisfaction. '//

During vacation periods when. sparkling

students return home, they are encouraged to be alert for opportunities to continue their projects and to improve themselves in other areas.

Upon return to the university they take pride in making their reports. lemon lime

Two examples are given here for illustration One student reported that he was successful in winning response from a farm neighbor who had not spoken in the green bottle to the family for many months. Difficulty had arisen over animals and

their trespass upon adjoining land.

Following difiiiculty and words, both otherfamilies withdrew from each completely. alert to with the red label The student,

an opportunity, found an occasion to help the neighbor out of a snowdrift.

At first the neighbor was unexpressive and quiet and gave the idea that he resented the help. As they Get in the Spirit!

together, disapworked coolness

Bottled bypeared, at parting they and shook

Bottling Co., SERVI fCE CGIS"76S?B97i goodwill expressedhands and City, Utah and CocaColaSalt Lake

confidence in each other. The final

word of the student in making the toreport Dad, he speaks was, "Now ORGANIC & NATURAL lpve.|y is all over. the troubleand I think completely balanced SUPPLEMENT FOOD A

vitamins minerals all the from and well."I didn't work so it would know

in of natural sources; a base compounded

driving the UffovefS containing student Another on cress, coated with and parsley; alfalfa, water

off car a passed the roadhighway for your Send 30 day supply. only $3.50

pit. in In reporting a barrowand Calif. Bliss Vitamin Supply Reseda, 305 Box he KITCHEnWAXED PAPERCHflRm5;Ci"50=5 chlorophyll.said, I as 'T do. usually drove by

When down the road a mile or two,

I to suddenly myself and came RIGHT or RAISE $25 TO more AWAY! /f EvenPLAY Don't Tou this I Knowrealized as opportunity. my

of Music a Note Now EXTRA to scene. theturned MONEY$500 back do What Your For or Organization it's Yourselt to EASY Now W;,;

instrument. learn any Sell Big Value Line CHRISTMAS New to CARD beatvou know, someone had me exercises, boring l|%| No xperince neaded. inOrsanizations, No

it."real dividuals, all playing ihutins Start suectad.—

profits bii to friends. Make 100%, eannew in rigtit note progress away. at pieces home, by Amazing,'too. for samples. today for Try 30 spare cents time. per Card teacher. No Few 1,000,000 return. days then Write—pay or Free Color Christmas for obligation. students! Write No BOOK. FREE Nolesson. Catalog, Free Imprinted Album Name lAss't. il.OOl call. will all Christmas S. details. salesman Cards U. and Studio MUSIC, SCHOOL OF

HEOENKAMP, U1 traadwar, Depf.IlO, New York 13, N.Y. 1209, Port Washington, New York. (Est. 1898.)

SEPTEMBER 1960 685 and HAT COAT RACKS Church for every need 4. Service projects are entered inThese are thrilling adventures in

A 4 ft. (S-4-CT) Checkerette proto. This activity consists of conscious teaching and so rewarding as almost

ventilated vides hat shelves and effort to join in special projects of to take one's breath. They create an either 24 coat hangers or 32 coat

hooks. A double

ette of equal length(D-4-CT)accommodateaCheckerhelpfulness. These may result in appetite for Christian experiences

or 64 on hooks. hangers Both 48 on a closer contact with ward and stake and a realization of Christian joy as

disset-up or anywhere be can assembled in less than a minute welfare projects. It may mean resuggested in the scriptures mentools, bolts or nuts, without can be turning to a home formerly visited tioned in the beginning of this like chairs, will folding stored or

rigid for years. stand The double and engaging in a housecleaning article.

casters Checkerette on large comes for easy movement when it is project, doing some repair work, Students remember these experiCheckerettes can assembled. be writing letters, gardening, or some ences and testify that they carry or vestfor robes "high"assembled

for adult "normal"ments, wraps or other helpful effort. over into life. Seldom do I meet for children. Checkerette "low"

Wall Racks come in 2, 3 and 4 ft.

lengths and will accommodate up to 12 coats and hats per running foot.

They are mounted on wall at proper heights for each age group. Write for Bulletin CT690

these stiowing and other? units. steel wardrobe modern

VOGELPETERSON COMPANY "Those First Speechless Years...

Rt. 83 & Madison St. Elmhurst, III.

Richard L. Evans

FILMS! For parents, for young people, for all of us, we

DEVELOPED & PRINTED would pursue a few words further, a subject alTHE ready considered, on example and on early teaching

SPOKEH WORD and training. It was written of John Ruskin that

"The home atmosphere in which [he] grew up was

Exposut Send—NoCoinC.O.O.iOnlv fatherone of anduttermotherpeace andwas completea beautifulorder.one. TheThererelationwere betweenno quarrels,his

PHOTOS of trouble mysterious undercurrents so or unhappiness depressing Copied no r GENEALOGY—*

sensitive to a. the in wellran domestic machinery child; and..

PHOTO orderedRuskin couldgrooves."later Withwrite thisthesebackgroundlines: "Theit iseducationunderstandableof a childthat

begins in infancy. At six months old it can answer smile by smile,

and impatience with impatience. It can observe, enjoy, and suffer.

Do you suppose it makes no difference to it that the order of the

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS house is perfect and quiet, the faces of its father and mother full

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple of peace, their soft voices famihar to its ear, and even those of sore throat and other minor mouth strangers, loving; or that it is tossed from arm to arm, [in a]...

and throat irritations. reckless... household, or [in] the confusion of a gay one? The

moral disposition is, I doubt not, greatly determined in those first years."- travellers observer, speechless "Children,""are said another HALL'S REMEDY in a strange nothing."country newly arrived of which they know Salt Lake City, Utah

And yet another source said: "Infancy isn't what it is cracked up to

"J*--*?J*"I* *J* *J*"'5****$*I*-'$**J**J**$*J*"be. Children, not knowing that they are having an easy time, have

a good many hard times. Growing and learning and obeying rules

THE APOSTLES of their elders, or fighting against them, are not easy things to do."*

There is nothing more precious than a family, nothing more im- t JESUS CHRIST portant than seeing a family established in righteous ways—and

t fullcolor pictures with text by no wise parent would leave a child without early care and counsel

President David O. McKay if and the example of the living of a righteous life. The idea that

in booklet nov/ form as vital entirely to essentials to children to the choose can leave we

Dealers Church at your LDS Book is is decisions error to unsafe. unsafe. ChilLeaving such trial and $1.00

dren are entitled to counsel, and to knowing the principles that have been proved by the experience of the past. It is part of the

DRINK heritageguidance,theyand have.to righteousThey persuasionare entitledin totheexample,living oftotheirprayerfullives.

And even though they may react contrarily at times, they will be

A delightful everlastingly grateful for early teachings taught, for early lessons hot beverage for those learned, for the love and living example of a good parent's life.

who don't drink coffee.

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Colmnbia Broadcasting System, July 17, 1960. Copyright 1960.

NOW AVAILABLE - WRITE FOR J< JvEE COMPLETE LISTING OF Mabel"John Ruskin.B. Peyton and Lucia Kinley, Mothers, Makers of Men.

Tabernacle Mormon Choir Records ''JohnDon Marquis.Locke, Some Thoughts Concerning Education. Recordings Columbia

Main South Zr-I-MVI1%-L'/r -r-I 47RECORDSalt CENTRE City, Utah Lake

686 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Years in the Sheaf one of them off the campus that he BY WILLIAM A. MOODY

does not speak of some such experience and refers to his joy and satispeaceful,The charactersgovernedof bythislovebookandmadeconsideration.home lifeAnhappyexampleand

faction in it. worthyent churchof studyprogram.and emulation, very timely for the presFootnotes andIt readsdips intolike thea novel.veritiesOneandis fascinatedrealities ofbyone'sits lifeexistence,stories

of Faith, Humor, Pathos and depth of Philosophy. Spiced

exciting incidents. It with adventure and missionary should iMatt. 22:3739.

library. place in for class instructors find a the and every home Good reading and 17:4. =Luke

course. M.I.A. reading 'Matt. 5:39.

*Ibid., 5:41.

Union College, Schenectady, N. Y. Books will be autogro'phed upon request.

"Ernest M. Ligon, A Greater Generation, 1948. $3.50 POSTPAID.

Ernest M. Ligon, The Psychology of Christian UTAH PRINTING CO. Or WILLIAM A. MOODY

Personality, 1949. "East 425 17 West So. Temple

fj.""* Ligon, Ernest M. Dimensions

Lake City the Salt Lake City 1 1, 1, Utah Utah 1st—SouthPhone EM 3-7458 Macmillan 1956, Company, Newof York.Character, Salt author

Matt. 5:10.

Next time STAY AT...HOTEL

Melchizedek Priesthood Page TEMPLE SQUARE (Continued from page 675) Salt Lake City's Newest Hotel

Overlooking Historic Mormon Temple Square of the blessings of the Church.

6. Family Approach to Priesthood

Reactivation AIR CONDITIONED Under this heading comes the TELEVISION "Keep Faith with Your Family"FREE PARKING for program. This is a system of using HOTEL and DINING GUESTS

the children as a means of getting EXCELLENT FOOD in the parents into activity. It is not andOUR DININGMODERNROOMSCOFFEE SHOP

a separate program standing by itPOPULAR PRICESself. It is part of the overall profk,MSt;>.v--{'iin%:%

gram of priesthood reactivation. It

operates on the proven thesis that Clarence L West, Hotel Manager Phone EL 5-2961 all persons have a desire to see their fS West South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah children receive the good things of life. By pointing out to parents the BEFORE BUYING AN ORGAN - SEE

blessings their children will receive, by proper spiritual guidance and training in the home and through the opnsorganizations of the Church, parents [H ca are often led to participate more fully in the Church organizations, BEFORE BUYING A PIANO - SEE with all the attendant blessings of BRANDBDAKin such participation.

Next month we will make specific suggestions as to the practical opera- j pianos tion of this "Keep Faith with Your SeedlessFamily"program as it applies in the RAISINS field of priesthood reactivation. THE WORLD'S FINEST

MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS The Worlds Finest Raisins AVAILABLE FOR CHURCH OR HOME

PHONE OR WRITE FOR INFORMATION

TRAGEDY IN BRIEF SUMMERHAYS CO. MUSIC

FRESNO HOME PACKING CO. FRESNO, CALIF.

3719 So. StdteAM 2-1 061 -S. L. C, BY LES GOATES BBaiiaHHBBHEHaHaBHEIH Utah

i..>>>i,:*>:.>j.j.>;**.j,jjjtj,j,.r.X..A..X..A XiTJtJUJI. >M**i-.*iM-.*i.M<*.:*i.>>:i.i-*

She died Inside I APOSTLES JESUS OF CHRIST That day Reprint of FULLCOLOR pictures of November, 1959 Improvement

The way Era with text by Piesident David O. McKay. For teachers, parents,

You hurt her! or ward or home libraries.

I Now available in Bound Booklet Form at your L.D.S. CHURCH BOOK

DEALERS - Only $1.00. I

SEPTEMBER I960 687 The Last Word

STORIES FROM THE CLASSROOM

In writing about the changes the fall season brings, "I'm sorry I'm so late, Mother,"said the thirdgrader one of my fourthgraders came up with the following: as he rushed home late. "We were making a science

"Today, brides fly away for the winter."display—and I had to finish the universe."

While teaching algebra, the teacher was trying to stress the point that unlike terms cannot be combined.

She used fruit as an example and asked, "You can add one apple and one apple and get two apples, but you can't add an apple and an orange, can you?"

Immediately a hand went up and a boy said, "Sure, you get fruit salad."

A quote from a fifthgrader:

"Ready to ride and spread the alarm "To every insect, village, and farm."

SEVENTHGRADERS'ANSWERS ON A QUIZ:

The three types of clouds are: Cumulus, nimbus, and

stimulus.

Ku Klux Klan was a relative of Kublai Khan. HORRBLI

A youngster once told his mother that prizes hadbeen distributed in the class. "Did vou get one?"his MENTION

mother asked.

"No,"the boy replied, "but I did get a horrible ttmention."

HEARD IN THE SIXTH GRADE:

"When Ponce de Leon discovered Florida, he was looking for the foundation of youth."

HEALTH RULES FOR (AND BY) "Heat is the form of energy due to emotional moleFIFTH-GRADERS cules."

When you are sick in bed you shouldn't be up and running about.

Don't eat unlabeled cans. FROM THE COMPOSITION OF A HIGH SCHOOL

You should stay inside after a cold so your body can SENIOR:

put out germs. "Last week was Open School Week. We did Hamlet

in class. A lot of parents came. Some of them had

Only stick your elbow in your ear. seen it before, but they laughed just the same."

688 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

No jam tastes like the kind you make yourself!

Easy! Thrifty! No failures—and only oneminute boil with Certo or SureJell!

SureJeU and Certo are Recipe: perfect homemade Bring to boil over high heat, Remove from heat; skim and

brands of pectin... the fruit subgrape jelly. Crush V-fi lbs. ripe stirring constantly. At once, stir pour into glasses. Paraffin at

stance that causes jelling. The Concord grapes. Cover; simmer in 7 cups sugar; bring to boil once. Yield: 12 medium glasses

pectin in fruits varies—so Sure10 min. with IVi cups water. again. Boil hard 1 min. only, stirfor pennies a glass!

Jell or Certo takes the guesswork Place in jelly bag; squeeze out ring constantly. A short boiling And you're sure of

out of jam and jelly making. juice. Mix 5 cups juice with 1 box time gives fresher flavor. Less perfect results with

Recipes with package and bottle. SureJell in saucepan. (Or use juice boils away, so you get up powdered Sure -Jell OENERAl FOODS

KITCHENSProducts of General Foods. liquid Certo—recipe on bottle.) to 50% higher yield or liquid Certo

yUJ,..- 'UU, I uijjpii jw,nijij|i.injupipu!j II ji- 1, ini.m juj T

for the man on the go upward

Beneficiars valuepacked

WHOLE LIFE POLICY

For the man who is headed upward in his chosen business or profession, there are few hfe insurance buys that compare with Beneficial's

Commercial Whole Life Plan.

Issued in amounts of $10,000 and more, this plan costs you less to provide larger amounts of cash value insurance.

Ask your Beneficial Life man about this moneysaving policy or mail the coupon below.

f/ >

ti

i*'*

Dept. E960 Beneficial Life Insurance Company Benericial Life Building, Salt Lake City, Utah BENEFICIAL LITE

Please send information about your. Commercial Whole Life Plan.

No obligation, of course.

Salt Lake City, Utah Name Virgil H. Smith, Pres. \JS

Street or RFD.

City Zone. State