/llmproucmcntCra

!i

SEPTEMBER 1948 Now is the ideal time to,.... vv i-n i'iH',

convert your heating plant to GAS. > the fuel which brings

you utmost comfort and convenience* There will be little delav now in converting your present heating plant to gas. Installation can be made

more promptly than during the rush season later in the fall, and you can arrange other uses for storage space to enjoy throughout the year,

clean, economical

It requires only a few hours to convert your present furnace to gas. Why not enjoy maximum comfort

next winter and in the years to come. Act as soon

as possible to avoid the peak rush season.

tyYtwaace e&afet #1 <W wwl uHu

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY EXPLORING

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

Prom 1800 to 1940 the number of manhours of labor to produce 100 bushels of wheat decreased from 373 to only 47; to produce 100 bushels of

corn, 344 manhours has been reduced to 83; and to produce one bale of cotton 601 manhours to only 191. feenae

HPhe nylon family of compounds is now used for such diverse objects as rugs, sweaters, gears, and bearings in adding machines and electric shavers, phonograph needles, and hypodermic needles.

"P\r. Austin L. Rand has pointed out

that some birds use tools to help obtain their food. The woodpeckerfinch of the Galapagos Islands makes

up for its short, thick bill by picking up a slender stick or the spine of a prickly pear to get insects out of holes and cracks. When the insects run out,

the stick is dropped and the prey of hungriest time It's the seized. lives their... the gaunt

teenage years when they Tn Grasse, France, the perfume capital burn up energy like the of the world, more than four milflashy convertible burns lion tons of flowers are crushed into up gas. Forays on the

oil every year. The sweet odors can icebox and the pantry is

be detected for miles around. routine with these growing youngsters. So always

'HPhe normal size of the body is about have a box of SNAX delicious the—seven and onehalf heads high. The crackersaround with appetizthe

idealistic proportion however is eight, ing salttang and the richthe fashion proportion about eight and buttery taste. Teenagers

onehalf, and the heroic, nine. The love 'em!

growth of the head is very gradual, increasing only about three inches in Reach for the bright red package at your grocery height from the first year to adulthood. store.

The legs grow almost twice as fast as the body. Thus Andrew Loomis finds

that a oneyear-old child will have its total height equal to four times its head height; at three years the height is

about 5 heads, at 5 years 6, at 10 years 7 heads high.

"Decent experiments in southeastern

United States show that corn yields under ordinary farm conditions in that area can be more than doubled by a combination of improved practices.

This is made possible by regular fertilipractices, includingzation heavy nitroPURITY BISCUIT COMPANY with combined the growgen treatment ing of hybrids, closer spacing to make SALT LAKE use of the fertilization, and early and & shallow cultivation for weed control. PHOENIX

SEPTEMBER 1948 545 llmprouementEra iKli 1948

}: fTTTFT VOLUME 51

iiifff NUMBER 9

-X

i OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION,

MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

Ik Editor's Page The Cover The Right Way and the Wrong Way George Albert Smith 553 HPhe cover this month indicates the * reopening of school and the reChurch Features awakening of the desire for increased knowledge. Educators and students

Building Spirituality Through Recreation...Mark E. Petersen 554 alike should be constantly aware of

An Angel From on High Elmer S* Crowley 556 what the Savior said, "Blessed are after they and thirst which do hunger Is the Reconciliations: and Oath Evidences and CXXVI—What shall for they be 577 righteousness: Widtsoe of the Priesthood? A* John Covenant

filled."photograph is from The

The Church Moves On 548 Presiding Bishopric's Page 584 Harold M. Lambert and was adapted

Word Portraits, Goff Dowding 550 Genealogy for cover use by Charles Jacobsen.

Indian Committee Organized 580 GenealogicalSamuel C. ChandlerWork in England, 586

Melchizedek Priesthood 582 This Month with Church PublicaNo-LiquorTobacco Column 583 tions 607 General Conference Notice

Special Features October 1948 "Scouting Serves the Church"George Albert Smith 558 HHhe* conference119th semiannualof the Churchgeneralwill

Ezra Taft Benson 558 convene in the Tabernacle October

Joseph L- Wirthlin 559 1, 2, and 3. As in years past, The

George Q, Morris 559 Improvement Era will report conHonesty in Ideas... Marba C. Josephson 561 ference proceedings.

Old LJXS. Almanacs Albert L. Zobell, Jr, 563

"Ye Who Are Called to Labor"—Conclusion Juanita Brooks 564 -x "Mister Five by Five"—Let's Talk It Over Mary Brentnall 565 CHANGE OF ADDRESS:

Where and How to Build a Storage Room Fifteen days'notice required for change of address.

...Joseph Coulam; Mrs, Effie S* Barrows; E, Milton Andersen 568 When ordering a change, please include address slip

What to Store and How to Store It E. Milton Andersen 570 fromchangesa cannotrecent be Denmark—Where Democracy Gives Freedom of Worship well as issuethemadenewof unlessonethe is magazine.theincluded.old addressAddressas

Orson B* West 572 The Spoken Word from Temple Square Richard L. Evans 574

Editors to School, Going Homing: H. H. Universe, Franklin the Exploring Albert Smith George Bailey 578 545 Jr A. Widtsoe John Corner, B. Josephine Cook's ElecComing These S. Harris,Times—The Editor Managing Nichols 579

tion, 547 Durham G. Homer L. Evans Richard to Advertisers Index 607

On the Bookrack 571 Your Page and Ours -608 Assistant Managing Editor

Doyle L. Green

Associate Editor Marba C Josephson The Responsibilities of Parents Doyle L. Green 576 General Manager

The Educated Heart Marba C. Josephson 576 George Q. Morris

Associate Manager Stories, Poetry Bertha S. Reeder

Business Manager Grandma—the Good Samaritan Anne McCollum Boyles 562 John D. Mulek of Zarahemla—Chapter IX J, N* Washburn 566 Editorial AssociatesGiles

Frontispiece: Anomaly, Ora Pate The Blind Man, Leah Sherman 560 Elizabeth J. Moffitt

Stewart 551 Poetry Paqe. 552 Shared Secret, Elaine V. Emans....592 AdvertisingAlbert L Zobell,DirectorJr.

Verl F. Scott

EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL OFFICES: National Advertising Representatives

Street, 1, Salt City Utah Lake North Main 50

Townsend, Edward S.

Association Mutual Improvement ofCopyright Inc., a 1948 Men's Funds, Corporation the by Mutual Young and Los Angeles Subscription a year, in San Francisco price, $2.50 of reserved. All Saints. rights Christ of Jesusof the Church Latterday

advance; foreign subscriptions, $3.00 a year, in advance; 25c single copy. Dougan and Bolle,

for mailing matter. Acceptance City,Entered Office, as secondclass at the Post Utah, Salt Lake at special Chicago and New York

July rate authorized of section 2, 1918. 1917, provided for in postage 1103, Act of October

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes contributions. Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

ALL MANUSCRIPTS MUST BE ACCOMPANIED BY SUFFICIENT POSTAGE FOR DELIVERY AND RETURN.

546 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Coining Election Next trip,

By DR. G. HOMER DURHAMHead of Political Science Department and see the whole

Director of the Institute of Government,

University of Utah Pacific Coast

(}t>i Noverhber 2, 1948, the American people will choose between Harry

S. Truman of Missouri and Alben W. As stated before, it is housed in a great

Barkley of Kentucky, Democrats, and many buildings and seventeen operatThomas E. Dewey of New York and ing units, the major ones of which are:

Earl Warren of California, Repub- ( 1 ) The White House Office; (2) The

licans, for President and Vice PresiBureau of the Budget; (3) The Coundent of the United States. The people cil of Economic Advisers; (4) The

will indicate their desires through the Office of Government Reports; (5)

election machinery of the fortyeight The Liaison Office for Personnel states. The problem of each party is Management, and (6) the President's

not to get a majority of the popular Chief of Staff, who serves as a personvote, but to get a majority of 48 popual military and naval adviser.

the PresHouse Office is states in The White votes, tolar each or enough Southern Pacific is the only railroad

It secretariat. ident's central contains magical the necesvotesproduce 266

sary to elect a President in the United about a dozen top executives called with lines up and down the Pacific

States. The 266 are a majority of the "Secretary to the President,""AdminCoast. Let us show you how you can

531 in the electoral college. To get istrative Assistant,"or "Special Assistsee this scenic wonderland on your

266, a successful ticket need carry only ant,"each of whom receives $10,000 the eleven largest states of the Union per year or more; in addition there is a next trip to Los Angeles, San Fran-

(from standpoint of population) plus large staff of employees. These men cisco or Portland.

any other state. For example, if Truturn the wheels that turn the PresiHere's a sample S.P. ticket: To

dency, which in turn runs the governcarry Barkley canman and New York San Francisco on one of our Overment. votes, Pennsylvania 47 electoralwithwith 36, Illinois with 28, Ohio and The Bureau of the Budget is the land Route trains—across Great Salt

California with 25 each, and so on Presidency's principal tool for adminLake, through Reno, over the High through the eleven most populous istrative management and financial Sierra. Then go to Los Angeles on

operations. of governmental All or control or Utah, Nevada,states—plus one of our famous streamlined Dayfunds appropriated Congress are by other state, they willDelaware, or any

enter the executive positions on Januchanneled back to the agencies, and lights—via the Coast Line, through

ary 20, 1949, no matter what happens their activities scrutinized by the BuSanta Barbara and 100 miles along in the other 36 states. This is a matter reau of the Budget and its five or six the Pacific Ocean's edge, with short

of political arithmetic and it rarely hundred employees. These hundreds

comes out in such a way. But it is the of key personnel are directed, under side trip to Monterey Peninsula; or

factual situation and the one that inthe Presidency, by the Director of the the San Joaquin Valley Line with fluences the nature of the campaign. Budget and about ten top executives, side trips to Yosemite and the Big

similar responsibility to in salary and is electoral in the votes theThis why Trees. From Los Angeles you can re- "secretaries"in the "solid White Housestates so the the of South"mean

much. Office. The Bureau contains five powturn via San Francisco again, or by

erful operating divisions, each of which direct line. (Via San Francisco costs

'T'he Presidency of the United States is a vital nerve center in the governonly slightly more than direct.)

process. They are, ( 1 ) the a job to which is more than a man mental S.P. trains to San Francisco offer Division of Legislative Reference, elected. Presiis quadrennially The

dency is much more than an individual. which probably (in most cases) writes comfortable low fare reclining chair

It is a tremendous institution. The the text of most of the Executive Orcars and coaches, and luxurious

ders the President, approves issued by is institution as thePresidency an standard Pullmans.

legislative desired changes any sought of center mainspringnerve some and 2,150 operating units. At the core of within the government, and attempts For rail and Pullman tickets and

these units is a central agency, created coordination at the level of legislative travel information, call at or write policy; programs and Division (2) thein carrying the legal formal 1939, and our Salt Lake City ticket office.

of Estimates, entire shapes the which the Executivename, "The Office of

President."The Executive Office of shape, size, and nature of the federal

the President contains some seventeen government, and thereby shapes the operating units, at the center of which nature and direction of the American sits the lone man called the President economy and its foreign policy (here S*P of the United States. is where Mr. Dewey or Mr. Truman The friendly

their policies reduce dollars to and Southern Pacific cents); of Division Adminis- (3) the

HPhe Executive Office of the Presitrative Management, which attempts O. V. Gibson, General Agent

dent is not the room in the White coordination and greater efficiency in 14 So. Main Street, Salt Lake City, 1

House where Mr. Dewey or Mr. Truoperations; (4) the Division of StatisTelephone 3-2601

man will have a desk and hang his hat. (Conchtded on page 581

SEPTEMBER 1948 547 THE CHURCH MOVES ON

Eastern States Mission Essay Contest sTourTheHotel \S * M.M.I.A.George Q. GeneralMorris hasSuperintendentbeen named 'T'hetionNationalis conductingThanksgivingan essayAssociacontest

by the First Presidency as president that includes prizes of $25 for first of the Eastern States Mission, with place; $15 for second place, and $10

headquarters in Philadelphia. He sucfor third place, in addition to other

ceeds President Roy W. Doxey who recognitions for states and schools.

The following are the rulfs:

1. Word limit: 200

2. Time limit: October 1, 1948

3. Theme: (1) Emphasize the patriotic

and religious significance of Thanksgiving Day. (2) Advocate the display

of the flag on Thanksgiving Day.

4. Send all entries to: Mrs. Bernard

Druck, National Thanksgiving Association President, 1340 North 79th

Street, Seattle 3, Wash.

5. Send each essay unsigned—but attached a sealed envelope containing

ROY W. DOXEY GEORGE Q. MORRIS the title of essay, the name and address of sender.

information For additional and sets in this since the 6. mission served

of rules, ever wonder why has address: you Mrs. Gertrude Did Hanspring of 1944. son, N.T.A. Essay Contest chairman, convenhas so many UtahHotel a threeyear served President Morris Bldg., Sexton 482 Minneapolis 15,iences—all under one roof? mission in Great Britain beginning in Minnesota.

superinas sustained 1899. was He are three there example,For

Salt the Stake of Mutuals tendent Lake n Mission Tonga... dining roomsworldfamous until he in 1908, serving 1904, when HThe reappointment of Emile C. Dunn

the modern twostory underwas released to become a counselor in as president of the Tongan Mission has been announced First Presiby theground garage... a guest launthe1913 Fourteenthhe was againWardsustainedbishopric.as stakeIn dency. President succeeds Dunn Evan

dry and valet service as handy as superintendent but was soon released W. Huntsman, who, in turn, succeeded

your telephone... transportation to become bishop of the Fourteenth President Dunn in the spring of 1946.

he became In 1924 Ward. a member President Huntsman to reis expectedservices in the spacious lobby... of of the general the Y.M.M.I.A. board turn to his home in Shelley, Idaho.

in the. a counselor...... he In 1928 became salon beautybarber shop a young As man, President Dunn the presidency, had and Stake Ensign

filled all extra a mission the of four years'...exclusive shops duration in of both serving distinction unique

in Tonga. called to He preside was in the world's services only genfound and presidency on the that stake

the over Tongan Mission and departed simultaneously. In January board finest hotels. eral for his field of labor 5, 1936. January President Morris became a mem1935

That mission lasted for over ten years, ber of the Y.M.M.I.A. superintendency. Two years later he succeeded and he returned April 29, 1946.

All these conveniences exist Elder Albert E. Bowen as general suPresident Dunn went to Tonga sevmonths direction ago, under the of a eral the latter as perintendent became for one reason only. That reason the First Presidency, to direct the of the Council Twelve. of the member

is YOU! They are for your use building of a chapel, missionary home,

school and construction. under now

Translations and your pleasure. Spanish

will Mrs. Dunn accompany him on translations of the Doctrine Cpanish this mission, as she did in 1936.

and Covenants and the Pearl of

Next time you come to Salt Great Price have come from the press. The books are bound as one

Lake City, take advantage of all volume. The work has been under the

these extras by making your direction of President Antoine R. Ivins

of the Seventy, First Council of the reservation at convenient Hotel lanBalderas, Spanish Eduardo and

Utah. guage translator for the Church.

The Spanishspeaking world has had the Book of Mormon since 1886, and selections from the Book of Mormon

HOTEL UTAH sincethat will1875.use theTherestandardare fourworksmissionsof the

Church in Spanish—two missions in EVAN W. HUNTSMAN EMILE C. DUNN

North America—the SpanishAmeri-

can and the Mexican; and two in South Tabernacle Choir, Organ

America—the Argentine and the As the "music and the spoken word"

Uruguayan. of the Salt Lake Tabernacle choir

548 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and organ program began its twentieth year of continuous radio network broadcasting in midJuly, Mr. Frank

Stanton, president of the Columbia

Broadcasting plans System, announced $ooL (BookA. ibduAXL

to of "anniversary albums"release two phonograph records featuring the choir EVIDENCES and RECONCILIATIONS and organ. The recordings will carry by Dr. John A. Widtsoe

the Masterlabel of Columbia records. Thislucidlybook,to theprimarilyearnestwrittenquesbriefly and

Actual recording has been delayed istionsnowof beinginquiringofferedstudents,to the ipa.iQC?Q OC

until the Tabernacle organ, now being Church at large.

isrebuilt, in service. placed back the and DRAGON MAN the antiphonal organ,Meanwhile, Dr. j.- A. John Widtsoe by (DlOtNCtS

In this strengthening the book, installed in a temporarywhich was likens author sin ignorance, and BKBHOUMWWposition, in reexclusively and heard superstition, greed, and cent months, has won high praise from dragon,other vicesagainstto a terriblewhich <JJOMSZi.UU(\C\

the tourists who daily visit Temple man wages bitter war.

Square.

Approximately fourteen hundrednew organ pipes were played for the THE GOSPEL PLAN public at the noonday organ recital by Milton Jenkins Jones on July 29. Three sets of the pioneerMissionaries, especially, have been pleased

built pipes, including the thirtytwo with the wealth of information and orderly, foot diapasons, were placed back in compact organization of the material in operation for that recital. this handy guide book to the plan of

The network Tabernacle choir and salvation. A timesaver and a

organ program began on KSL, which fact giver... a must for teach2p| #ifcD

was then affiliated with the National ers and missionaries.

Broadcasting Company, on July 15, 1929. It became a Sunday morning

feature of Columbia as KSL joined that network in September 1932. STORYTELLER'S SCRAPBOOK

Countless hours of devoted preparaby Albert L. Zobell. Jr.

tion the gone into have program by If appropriate ever an needed have youliterally of hundreds people. There

Pride, illustrate to Civic Brotherhood, story in broadcasts the 19291948 989were or Faith, numof a one Testimony, Prayer,period. STORY

TELLER'S whatber of you'reother subjectslooking.for.. you'llbetweenfindtheexactlycovTrainingMissionary. Ctudents at Brigham Young UniverSGRAPBOOK willers offit thisintosmallyourbook,pocketwhichor b|*UU

sity are now offered a full course *i@t8? handbag.

of missionary training classes during any of the regular quarters. Many students who intend to fill missions are expected to register for the classes.

Hugh B. Brown, former L. D. S.

servicemen's coordinator, now teaches L.D.S. SCRIPTURES

a daily class on Church doctrine, and by Gilbert Charles OrmeWilliam E. Berrett, currently the

speaker on the Church Sunday eveThe first completely indexed reference ning radio hour on KSL, teaches a book in the Church. Designed to aid

daily class on L.D.S. scriptures, both teachers and students in readily finding

designed to aid the prospective misscriptural references. Over 2000 references

sionary. Gospel classes in French, covering some 319 various subGerman, and Spanish are also given. jects. No library complete S4DU

Classes are also given in radio techwithout this splendid book.

nique, and students may give gospel discussions over radio station KBYU.

There is also training in the effective use of publicity channels and in visual aids.

University students may also receive SPECIAL NOTICE TO FULL TIME MISSIONARIES actual tracting experience as they work Write for listing of books and special discount privileges with the local missionaries in the stakes of the Provo area.

About three hundred students availed inthemselves of the opportunities misBOOKCRAFT1186 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAHsionary training at Brigham Young

University last year. The program has

been greatly expanded this year.

SEPTEMBER 1948 549. )

WORD PORTRAITS

FROM THIRD NEPHIjm$ with sketched bu (-Joff rUJowdm your

COMPUTE GUIDE to buying & preparing FROZEN meats & fowl

1. Behold the prophecies of the 2. Nephi saw this wickedness,

prophets began to be fulfilled more bowed himself down and cried mightifully; for there began to be greater ly to his God in behalf of his people;

signs and greater miracles wrought and behold, the voice of the Lord among the people. Nevertheless there came unto him saying: On this night

were some who began to say the time shall the sign be given, and on the for past the the of was words Samuel I into Behold, the world. come morrow

fulfilled, to prophet did be they and fulfil all things to own, I come unto my great the uproar throughout a make land. A day was set apart for the unwhich I have made known unto the

believers, that all those who believed in children of men, and to do the will of those traditions should be put to death the Father.... And it came to pass

except the sign shall come to pass. that a new star did appear, according

(Chapter 1, v. 4, 2, 9.) to the word. (Chapter 1, v. 1021.)

I Get'**

ot u 'w<> xr

USE THIS TIMELY, HELPFUL GUIDE to bring new economy, added satisfaction, from yourLOCKERAP—thelocker or homesuperiorfreezer.wrapUse per—for best protection of

natural meat color and flavor.

Get both at your grocer's or locker plant.

Handy homesized roll..

20in. wide, 150fr. long.

**ed paper 3. From this time forth there began 4. Throughout these years many

Precis to be lyings sent forth among the peothings had transpired which, in the eyes ple, by Satan, to harden their hearts. of some, would be great and marvelous;

The Gadianton robbers, who dwelt nevertheless, they cannot all be written upon the mountains, did infest the land in this book; yea this book cannot confor so strong were their secret places tain even a hundredth part of what was

that the people could not overpower done among so many people in the them. As the years passed a great batspace of twenty and five years; but beEtM tle commenced with the Nephites and hold there are records which do conthere never was known so great a tain all the proceedings of this people.

true shorter account but was a And all Lehi. the of people slaughter among cm

8, 5, chapters (See Nephi. given by victorious were the Nephites However CO. WESTERN WAXED PAPER 9. and in their lands to return did all own and PORTLAND, OREGON NORTH

Carp. CrownZellerbach Division follow to completion Portraits"With "Word year. chapsixth (See the and twenty

issues of in the four next of Third Nephi Thethe book ters 1, 4, and 6.) Improvement Era.

550 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Harold M. Lambert Studios

L/ra f-ate Stewart &ANOMALY

-/oday I washed the linen from the beds, Cleaned out a cupboard; made some raisin rocks,

Arranged fresh cosmos in the breakfast nook, A small surprise to stretch the luncheon fare.

Sat down and played a page or two from Brahms, I stopped to fondle coppercolored shoes

Reread some favorite verses from a book; That left small footprints on the mantel shelf,

Then lengthened out a little dress or two... Then took a walk where oaks and maples turn,

Securing buttons, loosened here and there; And gathered acorns to absorb myself.

It's hard to make your heart conform to rule

The day your baby girl starts off to school.

SEPTEMBER 1948 551 RAINBOW ARCH By James E. Asper

WHAT Moqui, Piute, or prospector pushing westward Into slickrock country, labyrinth, and mesa,

SEPTEMBER UNCHANGING LANE RedwrinkledViewed first withcheeksquickenedand eyebrowseye in rock spans—celestial windows By Grace M. Candland By Blanche Kendall McKey Archedframingerosion

this seen shaded I have narrow of canyons? wasteland a thousand The Could lovely are these bright SeptemberT Tow walk* "days youth's hidden golden it lay haze by creative When mind formed and how? By what

dying leaves its aftermath summerWhen life prattling mostly dreams And and was

Of misty skies and blazing mountainside talk, Entrada limestone snapped, wounding

And leafchoked streams struggling along I could have read your inwardseeking thirsting rockribs their ways. gaze. Drinking, then, rain and snow—-the ca-

"Now all are gone,"you said with thoughttharsis—

The springtime buds and blooming we have ful sighs Dissolving sandstone like sulfa sprinkled on known And gave your youngest sister to the earth; a bleeding gash.

Are now transformed to fruited bough, and While fields Which I lentwas yourselfmute beforeto yourdeath lovelitand meeyes,to Healing,rockslabfins rising between perpendicular ripened grain tree root vine andOf and and birth. froze. and Formed The weak stone tumbled

the readied that Stand from seeds have we little Mother with your passive hands, the strong and sown. 1 did not know how dear things drop away, Thinned, unveiling windows windblown

its silent in heart secret stands age smooth How is at of relaxation hand.A time children's voices a roundelay. made Like a Nephite My and polishedcheek—redtanned and earth has yielded toThe long months of If I find this in lane, lined. unchanging you

toil both shall laugh and straight be girls We faith steady as seasons go.And come and again! face long frowning on sandtone, What

sweet peace the has settled onA strange aftermath, conceiving rainbow mind What land. life in Birth or embryonic stonecarved

WINDS OF MEMORY forms—

shorter days are the now; nights areThe or miscarriaged, Unborn Courtney Cottam By cool; chafing under strain of the inbody WhatBut winter's inside. supply is safe food stirred yearning, Ctrange finite by winds of rainbow

stars look fallow theThe upon down and breathing or the age rhyme Form poem M memory ground. Across of stone, Adolescent bleak strands of desertpatterned young awkwardness

in harvest is shining the pool.The moon the future days Feels of heartbeat or era a

Brings fragrant summer like a roseborn denies transitory like falling sceneThis rain glory resting Deity calmly on a girder, his bluecease until SeptemberMust comes again. Saddened veined hand by longing for remembered ways.

Its seeking fingers reach into my heart, Upholding Rainbow Arch?

Unlocking doors that sorrow's breath has

PANSIES IN THE FALL sealed;

With grassclean freshness then to sift

By Elizabeth Crawford Yates apart MAPLE SHOWER

turn pansies away from you By Lalia Mitchell ThorntonWhen The ashes of old grief that time has healed. And this strange jealousy, this binding into the street, To gaze

thong, saying,They're "Put your sandals on. in sheltered dell a windswept pEEP of nostalgia, Born to these awakes thePass wheat. tawny *-"'fell: of exultant gold shower A Leaf smoke, a larkspurpurple sky, a song luring with goldenrodGo pieces, Bright every minted one dusk, small nightwinds in At the aspen fall, find of the homeTo sun. summer shower and By summer trees. shallFor soon an come omenword grace, In whirled, they spun madcap and stirred yearning, This of winds by memory, call."In the wildgoose in the brightest Treasure, the world of soul, binds Cadence sets me, free. yet me

in the face of winter's That Caught beauty from the handbreathof

THE FARMER'S BOY THIS BRIEF SONG death.

By Mabel Jones Gabbott By Edna Hamilton I what neighbors say my I leave dishes sink, WEEK OF GOLD in the ["eaving the barnyard one summer's day VKThatW Whencare beds unmade to romp play farmer's strolled and'-'The boy down the lane. Or By Helen Maring

their you? I scorn With whistled knowing wink. as he lumbered alongHe

And searched the skies for signs of rain. Let's while away the whole day long; A utumn has coined a week of gold

** Aspenmetal is spendthrift, disregard blowing. rule; each grownup the followed brook throughHe down

is beauty brief, rolled Minted the ForLet's is such stamped brief a and now song woods, for throwing. October's Ready start Tomorrow must school. you to hill. the bridge at the Crossed foot of the

the coin of leaf Catch laughter; and feet his cooled at the water's edgeHe

silver Winter's after. soon comes at glanced mill. the askance And empty

At last he reached the pasture field;

Whistling, he the old dropped rail bars; HOLIDAY TIME the milk oneThen passed. one by cows

He looked above at newborn stars.

By L. M. Beck

Bonny, Daisy, Brownie, and Queen

Slowly trod the homeward trails, VT'es, I know that you are happy

Stopping to crunch a clover plot, * In your camp upon the shore,

Brushing at flies with switching tails. But, my dear, I miss you sadly,

And I want you home once more:

The farm lad loitered languidly. Now the house is very silent,

this for hurry starry cause tidy, (No neat; very MHWHIVery night.) HslJSs. in the barn, meandered cowsThe But I miss laughter your merry

And pails were filled with foamy white! And the sound of running feet.

552—From Three Lions THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

tL WRONG WAY 3L RIGHT WAY aJ president Ljeorae -Mlbert Smith &

wonder if we appreciate what pool halls were open, and the gambling houses a blessing3we would receive in every home were open. The good men and women were

in the Church—if we could pick out of the in their homes. The bad men and women

homes of the Latterday Saints a greater part were roving around the streets or consorting of, the magazines found there before the chilin undesirable places. This is what the boy

dren have an opportunity to read them. In found; but he saw the lights, and he also saw

other words, if we could take the money that some people that were waiting for a green is wasted on many magazines and use it for boy who had not been in town before. Before

magazines like The Improvement Era—and he went back home, he had been treated to

there are not many like the Era—what a drinks and had been given tobacco and had

blessing it would be to the young people. been shown bad pictures. The result was that

We are living in a period of time when we he started thinking along destructive lines.

have no money to waste, and I am sure And the further result was that he planned that we are not wasting our money when we to go to the city as often as possible.

place in the hands of our boys and girls the It happened that the second boy asked his truth, and if it is prepared so that they enjoy father if he could go into the city. The father

reading it, we certainly have accomplished said, "I think, my son, that you are entitled something. I fear that we do not appreciate to go. You have worked hard. I will get up

how much these young people need us. in the morning and help you get the chores

In Indiana many years ago two boys were done, and then we will go to the city toliving on farms about ten miles apart. Since gether."

the fathers of both boys had to work hard, And so this boy went into town with his their sons had to work hard, also. Consefather and was introduced to the choice peoquently, neither of the young men had ever ple, the storekeepers, the men in the bank, the

been to the city, although it was only a few men of affairs. And the people received the

miles away. boy kindly and told him, "We are so glad to

One day one boy said, "Father, I wish I meet the son of a man like your father. We

could go into the city and see the lights."have known him a long time, and any time

The father said, "I do not know how you can you come into town, you will be welcome."

go if you cannot get your chores done."The result was that the best men in the city

And the boy replied, "Well, I'll tell you, became the friends of this young man.

Father, I will get up earlier in the morning, A few years later the first boy began comand I will try to get my chores done so I can mitting robberies. He started by holding peogo. ple up and by robbing stores. Later he robbed

Then the father said, "I do not think you a bank, and finally, he robbed a train; then he

can do it. I do not think it is possible for you was hunted far and wide for the evils that

to do your work and still have time to go to he committed.

the city."And he gave him no encourageThe second boy, in the meantime, was goment whatsoever. But the boy wanted to see ing to school and getting an education. He

something new; so he kept urging his father was associated with good people.

to let him go. Finally the father consented One day years later the first boy, now

to let him make the trip if he would get up grown to a man, had been trailed all over the before daylight and finish the work by four country and was shot to death on the streets o'clock in the afternoon. This the boy did; of Chicago. He was public enemy number

then he walked all the way into town. But one. At that time, the other was the chief

by the time he arrived there, the stores were executive of the great state of Indiana. He

closed, and the banks were closed, but the was Paul V. McNutt. (Concluded on page 602)

SEPTEMBER 1948 553 Building Spirituality through

he word of the Lord came to the true regarding a testimony and right kind of recreation.

Prophet Joseph Smith: a knowledge of the gospel. We must Looking at recreation strictlyT teach our children the gospel, and from the standpoint of the young

it Remember live so that to the worth of souls is great help a testithem person himself, it seems that thein the sight of God; that to them. Then come may mony

this: the For, behold, Redeemer to your Lord thing boils down will whole testimony sufknowledge and

sufflesh; the infered wherefore death he is to be had; what What recreation to resist the tempstrengthen them all that all of men,fered the men pain

might repent and come unto him. tations and sins of the world. Recmay we choose from?

And he hath risen again from the dead, that he might bring all men unto him, on conditions of repentance.

And how great is his joy in the soul that repenteth!

Wherefore, you are called to cry repentance unto this people.

And if it so be that you should labor all your days in crying repentance unto this people, and bring, save it be one soul unto me, how great shall be your joy with him in the kingdom of my Father!

And now, if your joy will be great with one soul that you have brought unto me into the kingdom of my Father, how great will be your joy if you should bring many souls unto me! (D. & C. 18:1016.)

We who work in the Mutual organizations, together with all those who labor in the other organizations of the Church, have but one objective, and that is the salvation of souls. In our various activities

we are missionaries in a very real sense. Although, in presenting our

work, we may not go from house to house tracting and may not hold street meetings, nevertheless the devices which are given to us by the reation—good Latterday Saint llANY of our young people have

general boards to carry on our type recreation—is one of the devices by not learned to provide for their

of work are as much for the salvawhich we may help the young peoown enjoyment, so they look for tion of souls as tracting and street pie of this Church to learn and love readymade entertainment. They

meetings. We are missionaries; we the gospel of the Lord, Jesus Christ, look around, see what is available,

must convert the children of men. and thereby learn to live righteousand then make their choice. ConWe must bring conversion to the ly. sider your own home town. What

hearts of all who come to our organWhen we think of recreation, we type of recreation is available there izations, and we must not make the must accept four propositions as befor your young people on any night mistake of supposing that children ing facts. First of all, "Men are, of the week? Make a list of the

are born with a that they might things young people can do. List the

knowledge and have joy."(II Neplaces to which they may go, and

a testimony of the "Many of our young phi 2:25.) Second, you will probably discover that

gospel. They must people have not learned to recreation is one there are more pool halls and beer

be converted; they provide their own enjoyof the means by parlors, roadhouses and night clubs

must be taught to ment, so they look for which we obtain than anything else. Then, make a

love the truth. readymade entertainment. joy. Third, our list of the desirable places to which

I recall one of They look around, see what young people are your young people may go when the things which is available, and then make going to particithey seek their recreation. Look

President Grant their choice."pate in some form over this list carefully. Ask yourtaught in this conof recreation, good

nection. He said or bad, whether or self how attractive these places are.

he and his wife knew the multiplicanot we cooperate with them. And If you were a young person looking

tion tables and knew them very well, fourth, you and I and every other for an evening of recreation, would but not one of their children was born worker in this Church have the opyou patronize any of the places on with a knowledge of the multiplicaportunity and the privilege of helpyour list? After you have made a

tion tables. He said the same thing is ing our young people to choose the study of that kind, ask yourself

554 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Adapted from an address delivered at M.I.A. Conference,

1 8, 1 948, in the TabernacleRecreation June d5u (L>ldker IV ianm C*. Ieterden

OF THE COUNCIL OF 'WELVE AND ADVISER TO 1 E M.I.A.

about your own Churchsponsored sored recreation; there are these will be spent with most of the boys

recreation. public places to go to, and I like to on one side of the room staring at

In many parts of the Church our dance, so what else can I do?"She the girls on the other side. The few

recreational programs are wondercontinued: "Much objection has couples that do have dates are usuful. In some sections, we find the been raised by Latterday Saint parally too embarrassed to dance when

ents who do not approve of their this is the situation, and seek other children going to public places places for enjoyment. What about

where they are exposed to the supthe Gold and Green balls? On the

posed glamors of liquor and cigarets whole these are excellent and are and all the other evils of the world. well attended by the younger peoThe children, on the other hand, ple. The best ballrooms and orprotest that this is the only place chestras are provided, but these

they can go. They do not enjoy the dances come only once a year. Can

heavy clouds of smoke which althe younger members of the Church most engulf them and the occasionbe expected to go to only one dance al wellliquored person whom they a year?"

see and who certainly did not enHow would you answer that sixhance their enjoyment of the eveteen-yearold girl? Are your proning. But what has been done to grams functioning in your ward?

eliminate this condition? An imAre your recreation halls dark? Are

mediate answer would be the pracyour doors locked against your tically nonexistent Mutual dances young people? If they are locked,

in our town. Look at these dances if the houses are dark, are you leaving your young people to shift for

themselves? Are they going to go to

places where the lights are low, where they learn to smoke and to drink, where the whole atmosphere is sensual and is built up to crush out all thought of spirituality?

'T'his comes back again to the matter of the salvation of souls. The

quantities of liquor and tobacco consumed in the United States are staggering. Here in the state of Utah,

alone, last year, seven million dollars were spent for tobacco. Nearly

fourteen million dollars were spent for beer, and over thirteen million dollars were spent for hard liquor.

Young people had their share of all that, and one of the tragic things about it all is that as those young people smoked and drank, they thought the use of tobacco and liquor was one form of recreation.

Think of it! Over thirtyfour milmeetinghouses dark and the doors from the point of view of the teenlion dollars in one year spent for a

locked. agers and the youths in their early type of recreation which, if per-

I recently received a note from a twenties. The typical ward dance sisted in, will drag them down to

sixteenyear-old girl asking queshas either a very inferior orchestra, hell.

tions about recreation. She had had or none at all. The floor is made There you have it. Boys and girls

some discussions with her parents hazardous by young boys and girls—smoking, drinking, carousing

about going to public dance halls. running and sliding across it, comhelped to build up that total of over

The parents objected because of the pletely oblivious of the dancers. thirtyfour millionu dollars in one

smoking and drinking there. But she Dates are not encouraged, and year in one stated I Afl-d why? Besaid, "We have no Churchspon- many times the complete evening (Concluded on page 598)

SEPTEMBER 1948 555 An Angel from on

FIFTEEN CENTURIES AGO the lone denouncing the wickedness of the survivor of a gigantic conflict people and encouraging his son to was writing the concluding be faithful. 7

chapter of a once mighty nation. Under the capable direction of

Sorrowfully he had watched his his father, Moroni grew to be a people forget their God and turn to Godfearing man. He believed in

wicked practices. He had witnessed Christ and knew of his ministry8

the destruction of these same people here on the western continent. Diliat the hands of a degenerate bloodgently he studied the principles of

thirsty army of Lamanite warriors, the gospel. The teachings of the

and even as he wrote, he expected Master were part of the great record each moment to be his last. 1 kept by him and his father. So

This lone historian was Moroni, great was his faith and so worthy son of Mormon, a descendant of his life that the Lord revealed the

Nephi. 2 In the midst of calamity and future to him and showed him many

warfare he was born into the world great and dreadful things that9 would come to pass in the last days.—at a time when fierce battles were

raging between the Lamanites and When the Lamanites and Nehis own people. We are told but litphites were locked in the great final

tle of Moroni's early life, and restruggle that was to destroy the corded history makes no mention of Nephite nation, Mormon was morhis mother. We do know, however, tally wounded, and the responsibilthat his father, commanderin-chief ity of completing the records fell

of the Nephite armies, was a rightupon the shoulders of Moroni. With

eous man who had been chosen haste he finished engraving an early in life to become historian for abridgment of the Jaredite history, his people and in his fifteenth year and then, grateful that his life had was "visited of the Lord."i; Naturalbeen spared, he continued to write

ly, a father from such a background other truths he thought should be was not unmindful of his son's trainpassed on—including principles of

ing. As Moroni grew up, he was inordination, the administering10 of the

structed in the military arts, and sacrament, and baptism. Before

when he was old enough, he took sealing the record, Moroni wrote a up military duties. During the final farewell to the Lamanites, expressstruggle between the Lamanites and ing in it concern and brotherly love

the Nephites he led an army of for those who had slaughtered his 10,000 men. 4 Of even greater imkinsmen and were even then hunting

portance was his religious training. him.

On numerous occasions Moroni acHis work completed, Moroni companied his father to the synaburied the plates in the Hill Cugogue to hear him preach and was morah, and no more is heard of him deeply impressed—so impressed, in until he appeared to the Prophet Jofact, that he included one of Morseph Smith over 1,400 years later.

mon's sermons in the precious little space available on the gold plates on N the night of September 21, which he was engraving the sacred O 1823, in an upper room in the history of his people. log home of the Smith family in

n Manchester, New York, Joseph "\X7hen Moroni was called into the Smith knelt in prayer. Three years

ministry. Mormon counseled had elapsed since the Father and the

with him concerning church prinSon had appeared to him in the sJjpi ciples. And even when distance Sacred Grove, and Joseph was

separated father and son, Mormon greatly concerned because he had sent his message by letter. 6 In the heard no more of the promised gosmidst of battle he wrote to Moroni pel restoration. As he prayed this

night, the room suddenly brightened 1 Moroni 1:3 8:13 and there, standing before him, was 2Mormon

Vbid.. 1:15

libid.. 9 6:12 Hbid.. 8:6 7:1 *Mormon 6Moroni 8:3441 Ibid..

Vbid., 8 MMoroni, chapters 1 to 6

556 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA!/ Iljiaj Calmer -3. LrowleHigh FALLS STAKE HIGH COUNCIL OF THE IDAHO

the truthfulness of what had taken repeated a second time and a third place, but with Moroni's assurance time with increasing severity that that Joseph Smith, Senior, would left him weak. In desperation he

believe every word of his testimony, cried out: "Why can I not obtain

Joseph took his father into his conthis book?"Moroni's words came

a personage "glorious beyond defidence. forcefully to the young Prophet's

scription."This was the resurrected In the afternoon of the same day ears: "Because you 32 have not kept

Moroni sent as a messenger from when Joseph found his way to the the commandments."

the presence of God to declare to Hill Cumorah and uncovered the that a great the Lord had Joseph close at hand. plates, Moroni was

for to do. Moroni's him work It was the JOSEPH had been told that his only reached out to remove Joseph

responsibility to tell Joseph of the plates from the stone box in which thought in getting the plates gold plates that he had personally they were buried, but he experishould be to glorify God, but on the deposited in the Hill Cumorah over enced paralyzing shock."Thfs was way to the hill he had been tempted

or to think with he might do what plates centuries fourteen before—the It plates. to task the Moroni's was inthe that contained history of the

habitants of ancient America and impress upon Joseph's young mind the fulness of the everlasting gosthe importance of this great trust pel as delivered by the Savior to the and to prepare him for obtaining inhabitants of the western and translating the sacred hemisphere. record. He counseled JoMoroni quoted much seph and warned him rescripture having to do with peatedly of the necessity for

the coming forth of the revigilance and caution, stored gospel 11 and explained showed him the Prince of that Joseph was to obtain Darkness and his cohorts and translate the ancient who would do everything in record for the sole purpose their power to defeat God's of glorifying God and repurpose, and commanded establishing his kingdom him to report to the hill each here upon the earth. A secyear for the next four years

ond and third time that to be instructed concerning night Moroni appeared to the coming forth of the

Joseph, relating to him the Book of Mormon and the same truths outlined in the establishment of God's kingfirst vision, and warning of dom upon the earth. The

the judgments that were to plates would be entrusted to come upon the nations of him when he was not only the earth. When Moroni willing but also able to asdeparted after the third vissume the responsibility.

it, Joseph found that it was Moroni's work was to daybreak; the messenger's train the boy who had been

visits had occupied the enchosen by the Father and the got you have in Record "Now the the Son to be in prophet tire night. hands, your a own and you are but this last dispensation. can only One Later therefore in the morning Moroni man, will have to be you imagine took what at place of each watchful and trust, to faithful your again appearance. an made Joseph these meetings between young Joor will be you overpowered by field returning the from unable was seph and Moroni, Joseph's mind was wicked they lay will men; every for to of the experience because work filled with questions plan is that and possible scheme to undoubtedly

the night had left him depleted in get it away from you, and if you concerning what the Lord planned strength. Physically exhausted, he do not take heed continually, they to do, what his own place in the

fell to the ground; and when he rewill succeed. While it was in my scheme of things was to be, and in

gained consciousness, Moroni was hands, I could keep it, and no man what manner the kingdom would be it to had take power away! but now in conducted last the days. As Jobeside him. standing was Joseph

I it give to you. Beware, up and seph in grew years intelligence, and failure for his severely reprimanded to look well your ways, and you Moroni revealed to the him great tell of his experiences father the to shall it, to until have retain power

life plan its of in fulness. a What the it time to translated."be for night. been previous the had He wonderful experience for a in boy Smith, (Lucy History the of his father lest doubt fearful should his late teens early and twenties to Prophet Joseph, chapter XXII, p.

Roberts, B. H. chapters of 110.) the 3rd and 4th quoted Comprehensive Moroni History of the

Chuicn, vol. 1, Chapter of Isaiah, of the 3rd part 11th chapter the Malachi, Vll, p. 78

chapter of Acts, and the 2nd chapter of Joel. (Concluded on page 590)

SEPTEMBER 1948 557 vDia [-resident "Scouting Serves

VDu Colder Czm Jaft U3e>en4on Ljeome -Mlbert Jmitk

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

I travel around the coungroups meet and As try of TheI loveBoyit.ScoutI haveprogramhad theis verypleasuredearoftoworkingmy heart.in I feel grateful Scouts,

to the Lord that Sir Robert scouting somewhat, and I have great faith in its

BadenPowell was impressed program.

President George Albert Smith—may I say, inspired—to give I have been deeply impressed with the record that

scouting to the world. I am so has been made by the Church in this field. We have happy that after a while it many shortcomings—we have not reached perfection

tame to America, and then I am grateful that it came in any field of activity in the probably in no to this particular part of America where it has meant Church-—but

so much to us in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterother field do we have a better day Saints. reputation in the world than in

have The program of scouting is one that develops honthe field of scouting. We

esty, integrity, truthfulness, love, reverence, and what Scout troops in some twentyone a wonderful training it is for a boy in scouting to connations, and I presume in protinue on until he gets his Eagle badge. I think I am portion to our membership, have

safe in saying that as a result of scouting thousands a higher proportion of Scout of lives were saved in this last World War because troops sponsored by the Church of the knowledge of men who had been Scouts and than any other church or civic knew what to do in case of emergency. It is marvelorganization in the world. Cerous what it has meant to us. And think of what it has Elder Ezra Taft Benson tainly, the records at national

that headquarters in proshow people contributed and our to our communities—the

portion to the age Scout boys of these fine things that been boys have able to do under the direction of their scoutmasters in being helpful in we have the highest enrolment of boys in scouting of the various programs that are intended to bless the any church on the earth.

areas in which they live. We have, through a combination of scouting and

This is a sick world. What a difference it would Aaronic Priesthood work, the finest program for boymake if everywhere scouting were taught and prachood that this world knows anything about. I am

it functised. There would not be the bitterness and the convinced of that. And yet, we do not make

heartbreak that is found today in so many places. tion fully.

Of course when scouting came to Utah we had a Primarily, our Scout work is a means to an end, boys'program in the Mutual Improvement Association isn't it? Scouting is not the end in itself. It is but a

of the Church, but it was soon discovered by the leadtool; it is but a help toward the accomplishment of our

ership of the Church that there was much that we did objective which is the building of real men, according not have that was found in scouting. And so, scouting to Latterday Saint standards and ideals. That is the

was made the junior boys'program of the Church of entire purpose of the whole rounded program of the

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. And, so far as I Church. Our leaders many years ago, in fact three

know, ours was the fifst Church in all the world to years after scouting came to America, recognized that adopt it as its junior boys'program. Since then, of in this program we had an effective tool that we might

course, we have continued to develop it, and scouting use to help build real Latterday Saint manhood in the has become a blessing to ourselves as well as to Church. And of course you cannot build real men unothers. less those men have in their hearts a deep spiritual conviction. There must be a spiritual foundation throughWe want our boys to be the finest Scouts in all the

Latterday Saint is not worthy world. We should appropriate every good thing that out our program. A

scouting teaches us because it is a part of the gospel of the name if he does not have a testimony of the of Jesus Christ. gospel. I care not whether he is an Eagle Scout or

We want our boys, and our girls, to go to school whether he has regularly attended M.I.A. and other

and get their training in the best institutions in the auxiliaries, if he comes out of it lacking faith, if he world and learn the truths that are taught because does not believe in God and in the mission of the those who obtain the most truth and apply it in their Prophet Joseph, then so far as our Church program is lives will be in advance of those who do not when concerned, it has not done the job—it has in large

they arrive on the other side of the veil in the kingdom measure failed. The parents of these boys expect us

of our Lord. to build faith. They would rather have a son of theirs

grow up with a testimony of the divinity of this work *These four articles, adapted from talks than achieve any outside accomplishments. And so,

given at general and special sessions of the spiritual aspects of the program are important.

June conference, 1948, show what leaders I have always been pleased that the national leaderof the Church are thinking and saying ship also recognized the spiritual need of our boys.

about scouting. (Concluded on page 560)

558 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Church"'(Ou L/eome (a/.

GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT, Y.M.M.I.A. Dm (L>laer /ro5epk o(. l/l/trthiL

OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC

am very happy for the privilege of being with you have been asked to say

I andtodaywhatto discussthe Presidingthe boys'Bishopricprogramexpectsof thetheChurchboys I somethingtion to scouting.about ourI think,relato get out of it. perhaps, that it is clear to us

What is the program? The youth program is the now, although there has been Elder George Q. Morris

application of divine principles in a practical way. And some variation and some conthen the question arises as to how the application can fusion in the past, that scoutbe made. ing is sponsored by and

The first application is made through the Mutual Improvement Association for the through the Aaronic Priesthood Church, that it is an integral part of the Mutual Imof the Church which is a great provement program, and that it is the only activity training field, the Aaronic program we have for the boys of Scout age. The

Priesthood being supplemented Church has placed this recreation responsibility in and sustained by the Boy Scout the M.I.A. as a Church activity, and it is not within

program. Young men holding the province of an M.I.A. officer or a bishop or a stake

the Aaronic Priesthood are president to say that it should not be there.

taught the principles of the gosScouting in the M.I.A. is our program to use as we

pel by rendering service. wish to use it, according to certain contracts we have

Scouting is so very closely with the national organization. But it is ours to teach

related to the priesthood proElder Joseph L. Wirthlin our religion in, to teach our standards in. It is ours

gram that it is difficult to difto teach our boys to be faithful to our religion. Someferentiate between them. The times nonLatter-day Saint boys have been in some

very fundamentals of life are the foundations upon of our Scout groups, and leaders have thought that which the Aaronic Priesthood program and the scoutbecause of this they should refrain from teaching docing program rest. trines and standards of the Church of Jesus Christ of

If scouting did not do anything else than teach Latterday Saints. This is a mistake from a scouting

young men the fundamentals of genuine patriotic citiviewpoint, and a mistake from the Church viewpoint.

zenship, the program would be in no way lacking. This is our obligation, under scouting. As a part of

That, in itself, is a wonderful, important, and outscouting it is our business to teach spiritual skills, if standing lesson. When a person enjoys citizenship in I can call them that, just the same as physical skills

this great nation, he should know what his responsiand camping skills. It is the same responsibility. It is

bilities are. an integral part of scouting, and if we do not carry it

Out of scouting should come fruitful lessons with out, we are not giving our boys true scouting.

reference not only to citizenship, but also to the ConWhen you have boys in your troop who are not stitution of the United States, the preservation of our members of your Church, it is your obligation as a form of government, preservation of free agency. scoutmaster to do all you can properly to encourage

One of the fine things that comes out of the scouting them to contact their own ministers and do their own program is the ability to select the proper kind of duties in their own churches. This is scouting as I

recreation. It seems that in America there is definitely understand it, and that is the responsibility of our a trend—and particularly among adults—to seek that leaders. And if you have any boys who do not belong

type of recreation which is detrimental and leads peoto a church, then do all you can to give them what ple down the paths of degradation and destruction. they are missing in some way that is full of consideraBut we expect that out of scouting there will come the tion for their own views and their own principles.

power to select that kind of recreation which will build should also bear in mind that there are certain up and which will advance the standards of the We things which the national organization does that the Church.

Church does not do and cannot do. And SO'local I think another thing that scouting can do and is

endeavoring to do, is to teach boys to select the proper councils have been set up over the country, and each kind of reading. I do not suppose that there was ever of our Scout groups belongs to one of these councils.

must realize that scouting is a cooperative move- a time in the history of the nation when there was so We much obscene reading material available. I am sure ment.

that youth read some of this filthy stuff, but out of Let us, then, work closely, loyally, and cooperativescouting there should come the ability to select that ly together. We are "married"to the national organkind of reading which goes for noble thoughts; and ization in scouting, and we are "married,"through it,

noble thoughts always precede noble deeds. to the local council wherever we operate. So let us

I think, too, that out of scouting there should come stand up to all our obligations, and by all means the proper usage of English, In other words, that avail ourselves of all the opportunities which the scout- (Continued on page 599) ing councils afford us.

SEPTEMBER 1948 559

SCOUTING SERVES THE CHURCH

Ezra Taft Benson factpermittedthat intosomeneglectcasesChurchScouts attendancehave been tripshome whichon Sundays,take themthey awayshouldfromre- ( Concluded from page 558 while at weekend camps or on weekend ceive permission from the ward

In. writing the Scout Laws, they hikes,

included this twelfth law: "A Council"BE ITrecordsRESOLVED,its disapprovalthat the Nationalof probishopM.I.A. throughsuperintendent.the wardIn Y.M.such

Scout is reverent. He is reverent grams for weekend hikes or camps which cases, proper Sunday services

toward God. He is faithful in preclude the attendance of Scouts from should be conducted under the leadloss services, religious religious duties,his respects or which cause and of ership of the priesthood members troop, the individual credits for or patrol or inthe convictions matters of others

religion."of custom and I am ifattendthe ScoutChurch."elects to remain at home to present."And so the Church policy and the that to seepleased our Supplement

feelto Scouting places emphasis upon Now, in line with that policy of national policy coincide. We

the spiritual aspects of scouting. It the National Council and in line that the spiritual side of the boys'

answers the questions of keeping the with the feelings of the leadership nature must be taken care of. We

Sabbath day holy, honoring the of the Church, instructions have want them to have scouting; they

need it; they want it. Under properspiritual standards of the Church, gone out from time to time on this

and adapting our scouting program particular matter and in the present leadership they will have it, and so that it does not conflict with those Supplement we find this sentence: they will also have this religious

training that will not be interruptedspiritual requirements of our boys.

strengthened Troops should not travel to or from but the Scout through oath, course, pledges of if Scout in The are they Sunday, and camps on camp in will program. two hand go The

that not day, they should conduct only on his to tothe duty and do boy God result a hand, the proper kind and as refrain services, also proper but should athis other to help country, people built; will the be boys of manhood the in activity not with from harmony any

1, ifall lose sight times. of so we And spirit of will day. the through with burning comeour objective in scouting—no mattestimonies of the gospel.

In the manual, Explorer Explormight the be advancement what is of course, that our obNow, into ing pleased Manhood, fallen I was surely haveterotherwise—we building Latterof real to jective—the in line fully find with statement a First Presiof the of theshort hope Saints. President That is day what

dency of the Church when this prothis as follows: Brigham Young had in mind when

gram was incorporated as a part of "Observing the Sabbath day ac- M.I. A. came into being. And every

our Church program for boys. cording to Latterday Saint standpart of the M.I.A. program, includMay I take just a moment and call ards and ideals plays its part in spiring scouting, must of course measyour attention to the policy of the itualizing the program. Explorers ure up to what the Lord expects of

National Council in this matter. We should plan on being at home on the us and thereby contribute to the achave spoken of it several times. As Sabbath day and to attend Church complishment of this great objective;

you know, in the handbook at the services in the traditional L. D. S. the building of real men with faith

present time you will find this stateway. The planning of hikes and in God, faith in this great Latterment under the general statement of mountain trips on the week ends day work, equipped to help provide

"Planning the Troop Hike."The does not conform to Latterday the leadership necessary in buildquestion is often asked by our own Saint ideals. If there are times when ing the kingdom of God.

people as we go about in the stakes as Explorers will be on expeditions and May God bless you, brethren, in to whether or not it is all right for the challenging job we have in boys to go out camping on Sunday, THE BLIND MAN scouting. It is a great program. I

attitude of the the Church.and The

in exist tofeeling seems some places By Leah Sherman lovetimes—andit very dearly.I still believeI have saidit—thatmanyif

is in conflict policythat the walked Church men irpwo afternoon. a summer -*- Of policy. national thewith Boy Scout through the sunshine mine—II had tohavechooseonly fortwo, twobut theysons areof

Fortunately it is not, as the two Tim's eyes were a deep, dark blue both Eagle Scouts—if I had to

coincide closely in very large measThat matched the sky, choose for them between the ordiwith walked But he head downure. In the Handbook of the Nariches nary fouryear high school course of the day's nothing saw And

tional Council we find this stateSpread out like a colored carpet. and the training requisite to becomment: He didn't feel the soft caress ing an Eagle Scout, insofar as prepperfumed Of breezes aration for life is concerned, I would hear the birdsong Nor

Usually Saturday is the best day for Swell with happiness. choose the Boy Scout program.

school; of thehikes. are out boys The Every should boy have both. We John's off. the to Cerare aptleaders have day

to them have both. eyes were covered with thick, dark want as Can we lenses, Birthtain holidays as Washington's such

his strong cane their And leaders the challenge? meet are Day, Columbusday, Memorial Day

path, the keep Helped him bless is us, inspire us, far as conMay days. God andalso good Sunday As that roses But he wild knew

to> to are conformcerned, asked you in this us guide great Scout Boy field beside the pink the Were resolution of the National Council of the Of blossoming clover; he could program; may it be properly corfollows: as still of America, Scouts butterflies'the Stand senseBoy and related the with of the other phases Softness, cattle in grazing nearby pasture, Scouts of Amerithe Boy "WHEREAS of the program particularChurch, fullthroated the symphony is specifically to reverAnd pledged encourageca

day. summer Of a ly the Aaronic Priesthood program, religious to obligaence and faithfulness

tions; and WHEREAS, the attention of the Two men walked through an afternoon, that our entire objective may be

National Council has been called to the And one of them could see. fully realized.

560 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 6i"|TroNESTY is the best policy"is HONESTY Of course, it is very difficult to be ri an adage held in great respect original, and that accounts for the "and considered true so far as IN IDEAS statement that is frequently made physical objects are concerned. Yet that there is nothing new in the

a man who would no more think of world. It also gives rise to an anectaking even a penny, much less a A dote accredited to Mark Twain who

dollar, from his friend or even from stated that he had heard every word his enemy, often thinks nothing at arba C-. Aoteph don of a famous speaker's talk. When

all of taking without any due credit the speaker challenged him to prove the words of others and incorporatASSOCIATE EDITOR it, Mark Twain sent him a dictioning them into whatever he may be ary. While it is true that it is diffidoing for himself in the way of pubcult to find new ways of saying

fabulous salary simply to think. He things it nonctheless remains truelic address, published articles, or

does not lift a hand to do anything that all of us differ in our responsecopyright books.

in experimental an way—he that expresses response tQ life> and are very few entirely new even There

sits thinks, and simply and in from his itself each. hence, of us has words in Everything the world.things

marvelous thinking have many come differs that things of saying a way is someon basedseemingly new at his thoughts concepts. come And e ise Say the anyone wouid from way it. one that precededthing What

diffiare price. they Since so high a them. or wrjte today, learns one whatdoes today,

it is to right attain, supto not cult. there is no goodness Thank mo done, what be can whatdetermines

can be learned tomorrow. The scipose that one who has attained the notony in the way of creatioil( Noence of today is based on the science rare capacity to think should receive twQ people are cxacdy alike alof yesterday, and the science of tocredit for his thoughts? Too many h they fflay resemble each

morrow will be predicated on that of of us are content to let others do other greatly. No two flowers are

today and yesterday. It is entirely exactly alike to those who know

right and just that such should be "The integrity of charand have studied botany. In our reaction to life, no two people reactthe case—up to a certain point, and acter demands that whatalike people because exactly no two is scientists recthat thethat point as be ours use ever we experithe exactly same have had that done theognize was work is possible as it for by much family in the ences. no same Even that time, earlier }> and ofthose an

anything to be ours.'two children have the same environthey do not claim credit for that

work done by another. ment—strange as that may seem.

in the same A few times in recorded history our thinking for us. We pick up our And no two childrensimultaneous discoveries have been opinions readymade—and therefamily will react the same to the

made. Sometimes similar inventions fore do not realize how really difficomments of the parents. It is therehave occurred in widely separated cult it is for us to try to get a new fore readily apparent that since we

is are original in looks, in reaction, inareas and within a short time of idea—to get a point of view that

each other. Such events are readily strictly our own. In some cases this impulses, and in emotions, we are

understandable since all scientific is not so serious, but when it comes original in our verbal responses to men have certain goals that they to taking someone's opinions or life.

would like to realize. The studies ideas and palming them off as our

that they have made from known own, it becomes really very serious. "\\7hile we may like to think of

facts have been similar. ourselves in terms of being

The integrity of character de- <<nriHOU shait no t steal"has formed somebody else, we usually are most mands that whatever we use be ours the basis of civil law for many highly flattered when we are cornas much as it is possible for anygenerations of Christian nations plimented on being ourselves. In a

it was thundered down from high school play, one of the charthing to be ours—unless when we since

use it, we give credit to the source Sinai. There is no begging the quesacters made the statement that has

from which we get the made a lasting impres sion least at on one the orquotation mashall dethink, to increase power we our (fAs we cast of the member terial used. Even ideas as our people's other use to in temptation crease it: "If performed who in Poloniusthough inshall own, and find we I than other am, I were not haveHamlet may

been sincere, there is one statement creased zest in being orig- I should not be myself, and that inal and in thinking for might cause you disappointment alhe made that is true—and will be

true down to the end of time: "Who ourselves."so."We should pride ourselves on

steals my purse steals trash, 'tis our originality of ideas just as we something, nothing."He might tion in this commandment. It has no pride ourselves in looking individhave continued that whoever steals if and ands and buts about it—it ualistic in our clothes or in the way the ideas or thoughts of another persimply states: "Thou shalt not steal,"we comb our hair—and even young

son is guilty of a serious offense. and that holds good for ideas, men try new ways of parting or not

One of the most difficult things to thoughts, words, as well as for parting their hair!

do is to think. Einstein is paid a physical things. (Concluded on page 599)

SEPTEMBER 1948 c"561 Grandmagood samaritan

By ANNE McCOLLUM BOYLES

She bit her lips to keep back the tears, and looked intently into the eyes of Grandma Curtis.

"My dear, you are terribly excited.

Do sit back and relax."

Grandma's smile was a gentle caress. Ruth Rollins sat back at once

into the comforting curves of the old chair, and her memory flashed back through the years. She remembered

her own mother, soothingly stroking her girlish brow with strong, understanding fingers. Many times those

—Illustrated by Fielding K. Smith fingers had smoothed away what had

seemed crushing difficulties.

6.randma Curtis sat by frown on her young forehead. Her VUTSIDE, the rain was fallthe window, rocking back and forth. lips parted as if she were about to ing. She began to hear the loud tick

"I've always dreaded living too long speak. Her eyes betrayed her—she tock, dry and measured, of the oldto be useful, but here I am, Pal, had been crying—they were red and clock on the mantel. It went right on

eightyfive, and still able to cook and swollen. ticking—strange it should—and

eat my three hot meals a day, for "No one answered my knock, so when Grandma Curtis passed on,which I am thankful."I took the liberty—other people would move in, and it

The little dog raised his head, A cloud swept over the lovely would just tick on the same as if no then stretched himself out on the rug face of the visitor as she spoke. change had come. Then the clock

at her feet. Without waiting to be asked, she struck in quick, sharp tones. Ruth

Grandma winced as a bit of lightmoved quickly to a chair and sat closed her eyes. There was a clock

ning streaked across the afternoon down. with a strike just like this one, in her

sky; the peal of thunder which folGrandma Curtis stared and mother's home. How well she relowed went unheeded. As she stopped rocking; her face showed membered it.

sighed, she noticed a young, girlish concern. She recalled the last time she had

figure bending against the rising "I simply must talk to someone!"seen her mother. She had helped her

wind, standing still, as though beRuth Rollins blurted. "I—that is, into her dress and pinned the whitewildered. As the first drops of rain we—have just moved in, you know. collar with the mosaic pin. This

began to fall, the figure turned And I have no friends here—yet. brooch had a way, when she lookedslightly; a hand waved. Grandma And now I'm leaving Dick—he's my at it, of presenting to her, whole

Curtis smiled. husband. We just can't make a go scenes out of her childhood. Some-

"Thank goodness I still have my of it. I'm leaving."times she was in her mother's lap in

eyesight. It means everything to She hesitated a moment to glance the bay window, watching the sparme,"she said to herself. "That must at the downpour outside, then rows fighting in the alley next door

be Ruth Rollins, young wife of Dick rushed on, "Sometimes I feel that I or there was the smell of sweet peas

Rollins. A newcomer to our midst. can't stand it another day. For the in the shady sitting room or the

She's a pretty girl, all right. I wonpast three months disagreements sound of the school bell at noon. In

der how she is going to like us."have been more frequent. We had the V at her mother's throat, she saw

The figure disappeared. Grandma another quarrel this morning. The the locket that always hung there on

Curtis continued to rock back and worst yet! After he left for the office, the heavy gold chain that had been

forth, back and forth. Suddenly she I packed my bags. I will take the part of her father's watch chain.

looked up, startled. Someone had late afternoon train back home. I And these things had a deepdown

come into the room. It was Ruth wanted so much to talk to someone part in her like dreams, like tears that

Rollins. almost anyone. Finally, I couldn't came when she saw a certain shadow

The rain had touched up her stand the four walls any longer. I or heard a locomotive whistle....

cheeks. hair, of wisp blond go felt I would A the handkerchief I started for a She remembered mad.rain—loosened the the almost wind, hid the walk. by Then {Continued on page 588)

562 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Old LD.S. Almanacs

The first L.D.S. alphetic Almanac for the year 1849,

manac was the Prowith data calculated for the eastern, phetic Almanac, for middle, and western states, and the irr **'* *', TSt CtI*CK wasthe yearthe work1845, ofwhichOrinteriorterritories,basinand ofalsoCaliforniafor the great(the -stirs-—= son Pratt. It is interSaints'settlements in the Great

rat,*",*B esting because it conBasin), as to the rising of the sun, tained, in addition to moon, stars, and eclipses. Owing to

the usual information the fact that there was no printing on eclipses and mornpress in operation at Winter Quarin g and evening stars, ters, this almanac was not puban article entitled: lished. Manuscript copies of it were

Exiles'"American * *"**""for the use of the Camps of made 3 to ConMemorial Israel, however.

gress,"in behalf of the citizens of Nauvoo. It presented the "Good counsel, like a

persecutions suffered mellow rain, eases the by the Church from heart of secret pain"

Almanac, 1854 the days of Jackson—Deseret

County in 1831, through the incidents The first of the Deseret Almanacs in Clay County, Caldwell County, was published in Great Salt and Daviess County, all in MisLake City, for the year 1851. It was

souri, and of course ended with a the work of W. W. Phelps, and was

statement of affairs then current in printed by Willard Richards. The

series conwas Almanac Nauvoo, Illinois. Deseret

1854, tinued in 1852, 1853, 1855,WHOlowlyhas almanac—thosenot marveled atsmallthe

books replete with signs of the and again in 1865.

zodiac, historical dates, home remPresident Brigham Young's copy edies, and bits of useful informaof the Deseret Almanac for 1854 tion? The almanac was much more (now the possession of Elder Rich-

a part of everyday living than it ard Burton of Los Angeles, had his now is accorded. Probably the most name in gold on a leatherlike bindtitle page bore "1854:"famous of the early almanacs was ALMANACyOIl THE YEAR ing, and the

Poor Richard's, published in Philain brown ink, giving that page two delphia by Benjamin Franklin, uncolors of ink. (The regular copies,

der the pseudonym of Richard several of which were located re18 65 with to be content no hadSaunders. But what CHUItl'H OK cently, Of THE H1XTH YEAR THIRTY of the almanacs SEIKO THE

1 BACJTS, i LATTERDAY CHRIST OF JESDS black ink the usual of the cover andin Church history?

0, IK50. APRIL FROM

) printer. 16, 1841, was The author August Monday, "W. W. On

40 North, anJ for Deseret:—Lat. Calculated m. the Church Seasons,the and Times Greenwich. of 111 aim. West Longitude

rn1 said: atperiodical Nauvoo the devil finds Where

AntiMormon Almanac BY W. W. PHELPS. a man idle, he always

We have a notice in one of our exchange gives,him a job."papers of an almanac bearing the above—Deseret Almanac, 1854

title, for city in the of York, CITY, UTAH: New LAKE. SALT GREAT

-'OFFICE. NEB PRINTED AT "DESERET his that Satan andthe year seems published1842—it Phelps, K. J.""K. J."turned out to J865, saints the bring toemissaries are determined

into notice, and raise an excitement among be nothing more startling than the people.... Although the world be "King's Jester."

flooded with lies and evil reports, let the Of course the Deseret Almanacs servants of God go forth, "with the pure Orson Pratt again published his were published for the benefit of the spirit,"and they forthtestimony put by the Prophetic Almanac for the year Church and contained Church hissuperstition of the and cobwebswill brush the refuge of lies will be swept away."1846, and some of its articles were torical material, including the birthgiven additional circulation by bedates of the General Authorities,

1This aritcle was suggested by Richard Burton of

Los Angeles who also loaned to The Improvement ing published in the Millennial Star {Concluded on page 588) copies of two earlyEra 2:513514 Seasons, sTimes and almanacs. in England. He prepared a Pro- *jZrnal Historgt Jamiary,, 1849

SEPTEMBER 1948 563 MARIA WOODBURY HASKELL SHOT ACCIDENTALLY

BY AN INDIAN IN 1857. fe who are called to labor"

iSu /4u,anita dSroom

but they were proud of the results, make medicine strong enough to for they finished thirty yards—-the cure anything.

first cotton cloth manufactured west Minerva Judd, who lived in the of the Mississippi, they told each room adjoining, came hurrying out.

other proudly. Whoever went in to "What is the matter?"she asked.

Salt to April conference must Lake "I think I am shot."take a Brigham. sample to Brother

So the winter wore away, and anBy this time, all the women were other spring came. The Indians there, all asking questions, all wonwere so friendly that the white men derin9 what to do. Rachel took

began preparing to build some Maria back into the house, where houses outside of the fort. But first they examined the wound. The bulthey must get more land cleared; let had entered through the hip on

they must build more ditches. This the left side, gone through the abseason they wanted to raise enough, domen, and lay just under the skin

not only for themselves and the on the right side.

friendly Indians, but also to sell to "Take it out. Take it out,"Maria

the increasing number of emigrants begged. "If you can get the bullet

on this road to California. out, perhaps it will be all right."

Rachel bathed the wound and One morning in June, after Thales packed it with a turpentine pack,

Haskell had gone up the stream and then examined the bullet. It

to take out some beaver dams, his seemed so close to the surface of the wife, Maria, was busy about the skin that it looked as if it would be house when their Indian boy came a simple matter to take it out. But

II in. She paid little attention to him, after Minerva Judd had taken her

ll during the fall months men, for her mind was on the preparahusband's razor and washed it off / women, and children were busy tions for the new baby which she carefully in readiness for the operail with the harvest. There were expected in the early fall. Maria tion, all the women's hearts failed.

beans to thresh, corn to gather and wished that Thales would take the Not one could do it.

husk, squash to put away. There Indian boy with him more; she hardwere pigs to kill, lard to render, ly knew how to keep him busy. Be- "Dy this time Jacob had come galhead-cheese to make, hams to cure. sides, he was getting to be almost loping up to the gate.

And later, after Thanksgiving, there grown, and she didn't feel quite at Of all the women, Maria seemed was cotton to pick and clean. This ease around him. most composed. She told him what

business of getting the seed out by It was nearly noon. Perhaps he had happened and how it happened,

hand was so tedious that Zadoc was hungry, she thought, stooping Then she repeated her request that

Judd invented a cotton gin, which, to stir the kettle of jerky and poJacob get the bullet out. He washed

though crude, still was a great help. tatoes that hung on the crane in the his hands and performed the opera-

"It was built on the same plan as fireplace. She would tion, while Maria,

clothes wringers,"he wroteour in offer teeth clenched him some food, "My people cannot withhis journal, "only the rollers must to Rachel. clung and perhaps he would

PiThis over, Jacobnot be over threefourths of an inch go outside. She nobe good. We only

in diameter. A crank attached to ticed that he had utes. Some day our turned to his wife.

each roller would turn it in opposite taken the gun down children will be good "Has anyone goneways and draw the cotton through from the wall and—mebbe. We only Pifor Thales?"he

and the seed drop out on the other was just going to tt asked. "Put Lyman

side. It took two hands to run it, tell him to put it back tes."—Chief Tutsegavit on the buckskin horse

one to feed the cotton in and turn and leave it alone, and get him off. Betone roller; the other to turn the when a shot rang out. ter send some grub along."

other roller and pull the cotton The gun dropped with a clatter, The numbness of the first shock away. By diligent labor, two hands and Maria staggered out of the passed, Maria began to moan and

cotof get about poundscould two to side cry, tossing her from head side. door, holding her The Indian four about per day andton lint side wringing her hands. and What hesitated only a second and boy of seeds."pounds or sedative could do? they Without

Some of the women set up spinthen ran out of the fort and down any drug of any kind to deaden the ning, and later they began to weave, the trail to the dam to inform Jacob pain, they turned to the only remall of them working on the one piece of what had happened; in his simple edies they had. They gave her some

of cloth. It was slow, tedious work, heart thinking that Jacob could (Continued on page 593)

564 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Mist er Five by Five"

Occasionally among the delightnot you like freckles. It's something

ful and stimulating letters which that is really wrong.

come our way, there is one that I once said this to a young man,has a "universal"ill Iam VDrentnall and he challenged me, "What's quality—presenting a point of view or problem wrong with my wife?"His wife was

I had towhich, though it may seem very perthe operation of my sense of humor, beautiful, bright, charming.

sonal to the writer, touches the and I have few inhibitions peculiar admit that I didn't know; that she

needs of many. Let me quote from to the presence of opposites, but I'm truly seemed just about perfect. I

one: scared plumb to death at the proswas glad to say this, for I sensed

"A few years ago, while I was in pect of asking one for a date, for that this young husband was very

Junior High School to be exact, my fear she'll say 'no'in some way or much in love and because of his ownbody from head to toe was continuOther. imperfections—he was a stutterer

ing to show 'inherent tendencies to- "If you have any advice to offer, took great comfort and pride in ward the lines of five feet by five I would greatly appreciate a personwhat seemed to him her absolute feet.''Five,'as a matter of fact, beal or printed answer; and if you perfection. But I had mental reservcame an oftspoken and, at least on should happen, for some reason, to ations which were justified a few

the outside, a good humoredly rewant to print this letter, I don't beyears later when she developed a itceived 'nickname'(it still sticks); lieve I should mind it a bit; anything serious heart condition. And

other such addresses could be numhowever, will be greatly appreseems to me that often the visible bered in the hundreds, I think. ciated. Thank you."imperfections are preferable to the

"In short, I was the fattest kid invisible.

this side of Georgia, without a So remember this. You may not

shadow of doubt in my mind; that notice these imperfections—espewas is merely superficial; in spite of cially at first—but they are there. A

the many 'you've grown tall and knowledge of this fact builds humilithinned down'compliments I get, TALK IT OVER ty, sympathy, understanding, a my shape when viewed in a departsense of humor, and, when necesment store window is still too volsary, a little selfconfidence.

uminous to warrant honest self- '"Phank you, I answer. You do

letter have but a problem, yourcompliment. half of Another point—about first cool as refreshing as the "Please pardon lamentations was these things can that are wrong

about self; I shall now attempt to September breeze after a hot sumbe helped by working at them. An

reach the point of my writing. mer, so thank you. innate tendency to defects may be

"I, by the way, am a boy. ( Closer I wish that I were a lot wiser than ours, but an innate tendency to do

to a man, I like to think. ) To further I am and knew a lot more than I do. something about it is also part of us.

complicate matters I am sixteen I wish that I could give the young Our tendencies are not left just to years old, a senior in high school, man who wrote the letter, explicit run riot. They are equipped with a

and you might say, my attentions are blue prints for growing to six feet, whole flock of checks and balances.insanely diverted by the guiles of two inches, and clear directions—in Fat is one of the things you can dothe feminine gender from the more six easy lessons—for attaining the something about, if you can. That last

intrinsic procedures of 'Life, liberty exact circumference and weight he sentence is grammatically correct.

and the pursuit of happiness.'I don't desires. Of course, I can't, but I'll You are able to do something aboutlike to say that I'm 'girl crazy'betry to give him something—first, a it, if you are able. You are able to

cause that makes it sound as if I point of view, and second, some do something about a great many were the type that does nothing but specific suggestions—and hope that things—if you are able. Science,

run around with those people that both point of view and suggestions and training, and dietetics have look so well in dresses and 'Levis'will be helpful to other young people made tremendous progress in helpthat fasten on the side; but dogwho have the same or similar probing us cure our defects. But it's a

gone it, I don't even come near that. lems. long pull. It can't be done this week

"I guess it all started back in the First, the point of view. Everyor next week or even next year. It

sixth grade when a certain beauty to body has something wrong with has to start today and go on forwhose attentions I was aspiring, anhim. Every young fellow and girl ever. It's a lifetime career. And this

swered 'no'to my query as to you meet is imperfect. Some are too builds patience and fortitude and

whether she would be accompanied fat, some too short, some too tall, determination and repentance.

by me to a certain important school some too thin; some have dandruff; And finally, on this matter of

function. acne; some are nearly some have point of those defects view—for have superfluous some "I suppose you have guessed my bald; life gives cannot cure, hair; which we

trouble; like many other selfcon- some may be crippled. It isn't just a compensations. Sometimes, if wescious boys, my desire for companmatter of taste—like wanting blue will accept these compensations at

ionship knows few bounds; the eyes instead of brown, or blond hair their correct value, we will find them

presence of a girl has little effect on instead of red, or even whether or (Continued on page 592)

SEPTEMBER 1948 565 MULER

By J. N. WASHBURN

SYNOPSIS

"Rulek loved Zarahemla, the city of his *** forefathers, where two factions were striving for power, one ruled by Ama lickiah, a man of tremendous powers and winning manners, who had caused a rupture in the country, and one by Moroni, young chief captain of the armies of the Nephites, who went everywhere, encouraging, instructing, pleading with the people to unite in the country's defense. Accustomed to

receiving the adulation of the people, Mutek was consumed with jealousy at his fall from favor. In order to call attention to himself

he had mocked the priests of the church and allied himself with Amalickiah. Then, to

win their praise he decided to support Moroni's projects. Mulek was eager to win

the favor of the girl, Zorah, niece of Amram, a boatmaker. He devised ways of

meeting her, but Zorah was too intent on the political unrest to be interested in him, and was lavish in her praise of Moroni, which added to Mulek's envy. He determined in some way to win Zorah's approval. When, therefore, one of his

friends approached him with the idea that he become king—even as his forefathers had been kings—he entertained the

thought. A general election was granted by

Pahoran, chief judge, to determine which 'You need no longer pity me, for after a manner of speaking you are my prisoners, and I a free man.'

kind of government was the more desirable.

In the voting the kingmen lost, at the very led moment when Amalickiah the there. here, the reading Lamangraph things sought a passage of the world good

ites land. against the the kingmen When

it delighted alas along. with the they was had come He Was were to asked support the government,

they refused. Beside himself with worry, legory of the olive tree. He read possible they were not enough?

sent to Pahoran Moroni, in word the land again and again the psalms of What of today when those joys to of Bountiful, posthaste to come dethe fense of Zarahemla, With great loss of life Nephi. He found it difficult to stay were denied? What of a possible

and devastation, the kingmen were vanaway from the words of Isaiah. He tomorrow when they might likewise

quished. Mulek, last, fighting to the was enjoyed the sermons of Alma, Jacob, not be available? Was there nothing finally disarmed and prison. dragged off to

While iu prison he learned of the death of Mosiah. For a long time, however, permanent, nothing that carried

his mother, which aroused him to a sense he read as a literary man. What he over? His friends had deserted him.

reality again. of in himself amazed He the perused was the work of man, not His wealth was powerless to give distress felt at the he advance Laof the

manites. Finally he called for a lawyer the word of God. He was a man him any substantial satisfaction. His

and asked whether he might not be freed to with an active mind seeking relief accomplishments impressed no one, the fight on side of the Nephites. His refrom the sameness of his existence. himself least of all. quest, not unnaturally, was denied. The

prophet Shiblon called on Mulek, leaving Gradually, however, he began to him a copy of the Book of Mormon to read. associate himself with what he read, pOR days he pondered the problem:

to feel a spiritual response, an uplift if he were set free tomorrow,

Chapter IX of heart. Much of what he read conwhat would he do? He did not

fused and puzzled him. At such know. But suppose there were more,

of to felt, more, kind a different times lowered to his the bewilderment the record he much he Mulek pleasure sort of life, a never knees told himself, his he had eagle and raised his head, an was that of brow wrinkled in study and poised in the air, motionless. It was known or cultivated? What preparaperplexity. not rest, not ease, but intentness that tion had he for its enjoyment?

For a long time he had done little at some time must have an end. It What kind of preparation was

besides read the scripture left him was not long before he came to feel needed?

by Shiblon. He read at first from no as if the words he read had been When he had exhausted the

stronger motive than curiosity and written to him, for him, alone. resources of his own experience, he

the need for something to occupy He was troubled. He examined returned to the record, which he

his mind. He skipped about from himself. He had lived every hour to read eagerly, for the little he underplace to place, examining a paraits last moment of pleasure. He had stood had unquestioned value. The

566 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA felicity of the language, the proout hindrance? Then loneliness is favorite view was to standfoundness of the thoughts roused in would overwhelm him, and he would H looking out over the housetops

him responses that he liked even throw himself upon his rude bed and to the temple. The building seemed

while they gave him real disquiet. weep like a child. to draw him. Frequently he raised

He often felt the urge to reach out Again, he would indulge in dayhis arms to rest not so much his tired as if an emptiness moved him. dreams, building airy castles over body as his spirit, at once questing

Mulek had become more than ever which he would preside as the giver and confined. One day it came to

before a stranger to himself. of good gifts. He would distribute him in a flash that, locked in his

By turns, as his strength returned, his means among the poor and have small room, he had seen more and he would find himself planning a his name blessed for his benefacfarther than he had ever seen bevigorous defense against the time of tions. fore.

his trial. These bursts of fine enBy the hour, he would stand beAnd always he returned to his

thusiasm would give way to gloom, fore his little window, looking out record, and to him in time came the to foreboding; these, to indifference, upon the city. He would look with conviction that more than anything

to physical freedom. pride upon the splendid houses he else he desired to be saved, from

At times he rebelled against the could see, upon the people passing, just what he could not say; from

unfairness that kept him confined. his people, the robust matron with fear, from doubt, and from the vast

True, he was an offender; he deher daily purchase, the young maid emptiness that lay like a pain on his

served punishment, but was every in her finery. A ragged and barefoot heart, from what more he did not

offender being punished? Were child would touch him to the heart. know.

there not wicked men, and in plenty, A blind beggar moving slowly by Certain passages that he read aleven now walking the streets withwould bring the tears to his eyes. ways puzzled and at the same time

fascinated him. One, particularly,

"Then loneliness would overwhelm him, and he would throw himself upon his rude bed and weep held him by the hour:

like a child.""And after Adam and Eve had

partaken of the forbidden fruit they were driven out of the garden of

Eden, to till the earth.

"And they have brought forth children; yea, even the family of all

the earth. "And the days of the children of men were prolonged, according to the will of God, that they might repent while in the flesh; wherefore,

their state became a state of probation, and their time was lengthened, according to the commandments which the Lord God gave unto the children of men. For he gave command that all men must repent; for

he showed unto all men that they were lost, because of the transgression of their parents.

"And now, behold, if Adam had not transgressed he would not have fallen, but he would have remained in the garden of Eden. And all

things which were created must have remained in the same state in which they were after they were created; and they must have remained forever, and had no end.

"And they would have had no children; wherefore they would have

remained in a state of innocence, having no joy, for they knew no misery; doing no good, for they

knew no sin."

Mulek wished that he could have some explanation of this passage and longed for another visit from

Shiblon. (Continued on page 603) SEPTEMBER 1948 567 Where and how to build a

where to build ABOVE GROUND STORAGE: '

home storage room must be as as much a fixture in the dailyA routine of meal preparation as the kitchen stove. This means, moreover, that it should be readily accessible to the homemaker. The

ideal location would be a part of the kitchen or of the adjoining utilifan SECTION S—the floor of the ground STORAGE BINS ty room—on

c-*ISOMETRIC VIEW REMOVABLE FLOOIJ steps Countless unnecessary home.

and useless waste of vital time and energy can be avoided if convenience to the kitchen is made the first BUILDINGON INSIDE PAPE&t/--<S consideration. ISOMET

Home storage rooms may also be coVEGETABLE BIN*-''TALSE FU placed in the basement of the home SHEET METAL FLASHIht or made as a separate small build- c-TYPICAL DETAILS ing near the back door of the home.

In this modern age insulating materials make it advisable in most cases to build these structures entirely above ground. Underground used on the damp side of the walls agent which should cover the concellars are satisfactory, of course, and ceiling. This will generally be crete. Recess the concrete floor to

but their inconvenience is rapidly the inside of the room, since moisallow for a slatted false floor to be eliminating them from modern planture is continually added to help set on top of it and also to provide ning. control the humidity. A heavy tar a basin for the water.

paper placed under the finished linDrain ing of the walls and ceiling will prohow to build vide a good moisture barrier. Install a floor drain with a tight

It is necessary to have a room stopper. This makes it easy to diswhere temperature, humidity, and Lining pose of the water when the storage

ventilation can be controlled. ThereThe lining should be of material room is washed down.

fore, the building should be carethat can be kept painted and can be fully planned, and all details washed down without damage to the False Floor thought through before construcwall. A false floor, made with oneinch

tion is begun. Insulation slats nailed to two by four's set on

Wherever the storage room is, it edge, provides for air circulation beis necessary that the walls and ceil- '"Thickness of the insulation detween the peat moss or other evapoing be insulated. When considering pends upon the type used. Marating agent and the slats. The

basement storage one should reterials equal in insulation value to false floor should be made in secmember that the ground has a very mineral wool should be at least four tions small enough that they may good insulating value around the inches thick for exposed walls and be removed easily.

foundation up within about eighteen ceilings. If a sawdustshaving mixLet us consider an example. Supinches of the grade, but since inture is installed, a minimum of six pose your storage room is eight feet

sulation is needed from this point inches thick is advisable, and since wide and twelve feet long inside;

up, it is simpler to frame the wall on the cost will probably be very low divide the width of the floor into the inside of the foundation the full for this type fill, up to twelve inches three sections so that the center height. Since both the walls and may profitably be employed. When part will be three feet wide and the

ceiling are to receive the insulation, sawdust is placed in the walls and two side sections two and onehalf they should be hollow, and frame ceilings, treat it with pentachlorofeet each; then divide the length of

construction is perhaps the simplest. phenal, wellslacked powdered dry the floor into three sections four feet

With aboveground storage, frame lime, or some other wood treatment long so that each center section will construction is also commonly used. to discourage any insects that might be three by four feet and each side

otherwise nest in the wall. section will be two and onehalf by

Moisture Barrier four feet. Cut the sections sloping

Floor so that they may be removed easily. Humidity is high in the storage

room and since the value of an insu- A tight, waterproof, concrete Bins lated wall drops rapidly if moisture floor should be used so moisture can enters, a moisture barrier should be be maintained in an evaporating Bins built twentyfour by twenty568 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, U.S.A.C. EXTENSION AGRICULTURAL

a>tn ENGINEERSTORAGE ROOM 4m<sj nfrd. C*f[ia O. Narrows

four by eighteen inches high at the installed, and in cold weather the U.S.A.C. EXTENSION HOUSE PLANNING

back and fourteen inches high in ventilator should be adjusted acAND DECORATION SPECIALIST front are large enough to hold a cording to the temperature. An (RETIRED) AND

good supply of vegetables or fruits electric fan may also be employed and small enough to be easily rein either cooling the room if it be- O-. nlllton Atnderden

ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR OF VEGETABLE for cleaning. of too for circulating moved or these comes warm, Two CROPS, UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL

fit floor section, bins will on one side lighted large a air from globe or COLLEGE (See accompanying drawing.) small heater if the temperature

drops to the danger point (35 F. ).

Moisture Adequate electrical wiring should suggested that dirt or other insulatThe temperature and humidity of DC provided. ingfoundation.material beThisbankedwill necessitateup above thea

the storeroom can be partially conLighting siding that will not deteriorate untrolled by using water on the floor. derground will protect the inand is necessary, not is to lay only procedure A window A good sulation in the walls.

in the storis used a window Where sand, of sawdust, about two inches The roof may be covered with peat moss, or similar material over age room, north light is preferable the concrete floor and keep enough since sunlight will turn bottled fruits either shingles or roofing, and it must be remembered that the venwater in it to have continuous evapdark.

tilator should extend above the top oration from the surface with minimum odor. This leaves about one Ceiling Joists of the roof.

and onehalf inch clearance between If a filltype insulation is to be Entrance Door the top of the agent and the underused, hang the ceiling joists to the neath side of the slats, for good cirstudding on the sides below the top The entrance door should be as wall plate. well insulated as the walls. It is

This allows an often advisable to build a corridor opening into to the storage room and provide an

V-Vff.r':'.!>. >->>'&.< >i*.: which the fill entrance door to the corridor and

insulation can another one to the room itself.

be easily poured. If settling Window Openings

place, If a window is used, it will be a. takes

BINS*: the wall can necessary to provide an insulated

be easily reshutter for the coldest weather to

INSULATION IN DOOR'7 filled. This prevent leakage at this point. This AND WALLS

type of conmay be done by a straw filter or

V IN SULATION IN WALLS /-\w/SIZ3EZZ 8. CEIL ING

o FLOOR PL/**] 6-? -SHELVESS

culation and evaporation. Slats BASEMENT

should be close enough together to STORAGE -BINSprevent high heels being caught be- & tween them.

LE FALSE FLOOR = REMOVAB

'<j C g: 3. -js. r". b\1 *.- <'> <. <r-\ Ventilation WV i.vN*.V

WATERPROOF ALL INTERIOR CONCRETE SURFACES /TIood ventilation is necessary for *-->SECTION A-A preserving all fresh fruits and vegetables. This may be controlled struction is simplest in rooms outother insulating pad or by using

by openings in the walls and ceilside the basement. heavy rigid insulation board.

ing. These ventilators should be

twelve inches square or larger for a Outside Cover Storage Capacity room of one hundred square feet. As concrete is a very poor insulaIn building a storage room one of

The temperature in the storage tor, something must be done to prethe big problems is to determine the room should be kept as constant as vent frost from entering the room capacity necessary for the family possible. A thermometer should be through the upper foundation, it is {Concluded on page 602)

SEPTEMBER 1948 569 proper storage conditions What to store

Light and how to store it f ight, particularly direct sunlight, injures stored products. It should

easily stored vegetablesCommon, turnips, are carrots, parsnips, uion er5en beageexcludedroom byfromomissionthe storof beets, kohlrabi, rutabaga, salsiASSOCIATE PROFESSOR OF VEGETABLE CROPS, windows at the time the fy, potatoes, celery, cabbage, onions, UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE storage is built or by covpumpkin, and squash. Fruits which ering existing windows

are easily stored are apples and They may be left in the garden over with cardboard or other materials.

pears. Almost any vegetable or winter. Some roots should be placed

fruit may be stored for a few weeks. in storage before the ground freezes Ventilation

These vegetables and fruits can solid, however. Produce should be

come from a wellplanned home cool when it is placed in storage. Ventilators are used to control

ventilation both and temperature. they be purchased maygarden—or essential in are absolutely These local farmers'in quantity at markets How

or community stores. Wherever good storeroom management. Fresh

they come from, it's a grand feeling Careful handling is essential if produce is alive. A continuous supto know that they are safely tucked produce is to

away for winter use. stay long in

storage.

Bruises are harvesting for storage especially bad.''''';'/.'.:.;

points for enof should each crop be The best trance of nor- i cut, storage. for Bruised,harvested mal decay ormisshapen, diseased, or wormy proganisms which

duce will not keep well. are always

When present.proper storageUnder

Pumpkins, squash, tomatoes, and conditions other tender vegetables should be washed vegeharvested first. This should be betables keep

fore the first frost kills the vines. very well.

Weather forecasts should be Most poor

quality or inply of fresh air must be available to jured roots can supply oxygen and to carry off be eliminated carbon dioxide and other waste if root crops gases. Since rate of respiration

are washed bedecreases as temperature in the fore storage. storage is decreased, ventilators

Free water must be opened widest in the early should be thorfall when storage room temperatures oughly drainare highest. They need be opened

ed from them less in the winter when temperatures before storing. are low.

Beets should be topped Moisture about an inch above the root There is a "best"relative humidito prevent ty or moisture condition for every -"Photographs, courtesy U.S.A.C. Extension Service bleeding. Carkind of stored produce which varies

rots and other from exceedingly dry for onions to watched carefully as usual frost similar vegetables should be topped exceedingly moist for lettuce. This

dates approach. Onions should be as close to the crown as possible also varies with temperature condiit isharvested when completely mature. without injuring the skin. Celery tions. Since in a home storage

impossible to have temperature dry. and not be needTops

humidity perfect for all vegetables, survive light will keep best if it is harvested with crops other Most frost without damage. Parsnips and roots on. It can then be "planted"the best procedure is to separate

salisfy roots will be higher in sugar in moist sand, peat moss or other the vegetables into two groups and content after cold weather sets in. material in the storage room. (Concluded on page 606)

570 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE GATHERING STORM (Winston S. Churchill. Houghton

pages. 784 $6.00.)

inimitable style of an inimitable THJL kS G*WZ\AX4Mfe Mifflin Company, Boston. Tn the

person, this book makes tremendous

TOMORROW'S FOOD such feeding placed on a safe basis. reading. It in reality is an effective

The Coming Revolution in Nutrition Today the farmer raises proper animal antidote to Mein Kampf by Adolph (James Rorty and N. Philip Norman, feeds, or buys them from feed manuHitler and should be read by all who

M.D. PrenticeHall, Inc. 1947. facturers, and proceeds to balance them wish to be informed on the way de258 pages. $3.50.) accurately, for best results. This little mocracies work. The events treated are

C\z the first two million men examvolume is really a history of the dethose immediately prior to the Outbreak of apart This book, World War II. of scientific II, velopment stock feedings in for service ined World War

its historical lays value, to from claim tested of present, with summaries or diseases half physialmost had one cal defects, worthy of note, and nearly knowledge. It is good reading for all greatness because of the literary quali-

a third were unfit for active service. who feed livestock. J.A.W. ty of the author. Anyone who has

Many of the defects were traceable to thought of Winston Churchill as a poor nutrition, directly or indirectly. THE AFFIRMATION OF statesman only will have to revise that

this book, for heThis was no surprise to informed peoIMMORTALITY opinion in reading ple, for the Federal survey had already (John Haynes Holmes. Macmillan proves himself to be a writer of stupenpages. 1947. 75 $1.50.) is Company. of the power. dous This one books thirtyfive that percent ofshown

lecture '"Phis, the Ingersoll of all 1946, is that inare read should be by who families diets, andAmerican had poor only twentyseven percent had good as interesting as the many that terested in trying to understand the diets. General Hershey in commenting have preceded it. The thought that events of the past years and to foreon this condition of the young men of life after death is a part of life itself stall like happenings in the years ahead.

I, as this book isthe country said that "we are physiruns through the volume. That means All who read Volume

cally in a condition of which we should that that which we called life is etercalled, will wait eagerly for the publibe thoroughly ashamed."A poor diet nal, not subject to destruction or end. cation of any forthcoming volumes.is one, no matter how expensive it may Only the blind or they who will not—M. C. J.

be, that is made up chiefly of refined see believe the dead do not live.and processed foods. Natural foods—/. A. W. TOLSTOY AS I KNEW HIM

Kuzminskaya. ( Tatyana A. Macmillan health. indispensableare for good This STOP ANNOYING YOUR York. 1948. Company, New the condidemonstrated byis amply CHILDREN

tion of peoples who eat properly, and (The BobbsMerrill Company, New 439 pages. $5.00.)

is confirmed by scientific experimentaYork. 1947. 272 pages. $2.75.) HPhis fascinating book holds a double

tion. pROM the humorous introduction right interest—as biography of Tolstoy

Natural foods may be improved by through to the end of this book, during his middle years and as autothe of tocontrolling of the relation animals author who became find biography children, parents—and too—will for the plants eaten,the plants to the Rostova, the model Natasha and of worth in making them much that is of

the soils on which they are grown. better members of a family. The auheroine of Tolstoy's magnificent book

sisterin-That has opened up in late years, a thor indicates how we annoy even litWar and Peace. A beloved

field scarcely touched before. Health tle children, and how we can effectivelaw who made her home for long

begins with the soil. Moreover we are ly lessen our annoyance and increase periods of time with the Tolstoys,

reveals details intimatelearning the nutritive values Tatyana and how delight is probof our what in them—and until indicates qualities the peculiar that be preservednatural foods may their deincrease ably more important,

they reach the table. Looking into the light in us. made Tolstoy a great figure in world

future, these may be the most imporThe book is made doubly interesting literature. The informality of the writtant themes that have been evolving by the lively cartoons that are liberally ing is what gives it its greatest charm.

In its unstudiedduring or two. the last decade development The the book

deused throughout.—M. C. /. reveals in bringing about the innermost taskconsumer's workings of a

sired changes is also emphasized. HOW TO THINK young woman's mind, creates an entire

The book is brimful of valuable facts ABOUT OURSELVES period with its social background, and and suggestions. The coming revolu- (Bonaro W. Overstreet. Harper and helps the reader see Tolstoy in his

tion in nutrition, which has been on the Bros., New York. 1948. formative years and in the locale which

way for several decades, has nowhere 205 pages. $3.00.) gave him his material. M. C. J.

been better surveyed or presented in '"Phis author is an orderly, straightsimpler language. Lovers of health and forward writer, who challenges by COMMUNICATION

thinkers who like to look into the fuher everyday approach to a vital subTHROUGH THE AGES ture, could profitably read this—;. book.a. w. cludesject. Theserveconcreteto intensifyincidentsand pointshe outin1946.(Alfred196Still.pages.Murray$2.75.)Hill Books, Inc.

THE GOLDEN ANNIVERSARY the problems she discusses. The book Tn untechnical language are explained

OF SCIENTIFIC FEEDING treats three subdivisions of the main the technical principles involved in (Larry Wherry. American Feed thesis: The Framework of Experiman's attempt to convey his thoughts

Manufacturers Association, Inc., ence, Linkages with Life, Peculiarly to others from sign language to tele53 West Jackson Boulevard, Human, each of which is divided into vision. It is a fascinating story, told

Chicago. 107 pages. 1947.) chapters. The volume is one that the here with a wealth of references to the

HPhe study of the scientific feeding of reader will derive a great deal of help personalities who have'made progress farm animals was undertaken nearfrom and will be eager to recommend possible in this field, and of impelling ly ninety years ago; but only after the that others read because of its practiinterest in our day which is annihilating

to stations sound cal and wholly approach agriculturalstate experiment the distance.—/. A. W.

; ". - C. years agobegan their work sixty was question.—M. J. i (Concluded on page 575)

SEPTEMBER 1948 571 DENMARK...

THE CASTLE OF KRONBORG—

THE SCENE OF SHAKESPEARE'S "HAMLET"

especially within the last one hundred years. This development is

done contrary to morality or public best characterized through the fact order. Because of this constitution that Christian IX was called the

the restored gospel was permitted to "grandfather of Europe."Several

in 1850. into be introduced Denmark first country the was of his children seated were onDenmark may, reads: 1 one document The "N0 Englishspeaking the outside of thrones various counEuropean

family of nations to receive the on the ground of his religious betries.

Book of Mormon and the Doctrine lief, be deprived of civic and politiDenmark is mostly lowland which and Covenants in its native tongue, cal rights."Another paragraph asconsists of the peninsula of Jutland

both books being published at sures anyone who is arrested that and the main islands of Sealand and

Copenhagen in 1851. Denmark he will be brought before a judge Funen and more than five hundred

hours. Also, the twentyfour "*&& field of nearly the missionhas isles. been smaller covers area The

domicile is inviolable. Danish missionaries fromeleven hundred miles, 16,575 square has a popand

Zion since the first elders landed on ulation of more than four million its shores in 1850 and has responded TThe history of Denmark can be people. The capital of Denmark is

with 27,130 baptisms of converts traced back more than a thouthe beautiful city of Copenhagen.

and children of record. This, briefsand years. The first known king, More than eight hundred years old,

ly, is the story of the Church in Gorm the Old, ruled about 900 A.D it contains all that you expect from

Denmark. He was known for the building of a metropolis: high schools, univerDenmark is one of the small counthe rampart of Dannevirke in

. The monarchy tries where democracy and developSlesvig ( Schleswig )

ment go hand in hand so that the thus is deeply rooted in Danish naDanes as a whole live like a happy ture. The Danish royal house has

family where "few have too much through marriages created many and fewer too little,"as it is exconnections with the rest of Europe, pressed in a Danish song. Denmark

is a constitutional monarchy which is hereditary. Until 1 849, the Danish form of government was autocratic, but on June 5, 1849, it received its first free constitution, that

of a constitutional monarchy where parliamentarism has been recognized as the ruling principle since 1901. According to the constitution peopleDanishto "Folklive a richerHigh Schools"life by interestingencouragethemyoungin

all citizens twentyfive years of age history, literature, sociology, music, and sports.

and older who have never served prison terms for committing major sities, libraries, beautiful old offenses have the right to vote. churches, and scientific institutions.

The Rigsdag consists of two The famous Rockefeller Institute is houses, the Folkething and the one of these. It is a lively city with

Landsthing, corresponding to the a population known for its courtesy

American House of Representatives and hospitality.

and the Senate. By the constitution The Danes are a libertyloving

the citizens are assured certain people who pride themselves upon rights. One of these is liberty of the symbols of liberty and honor.

conscience. Under this the people This was especially seen during the

have the opportunity to form conTHE GRUNDTVIG CHURCH German occupation of the country classic educator, to a memorial A modernisticgregations for the purpose of worin World War II, where a united responsible for the founding ideals were whose shiping God as they desire. Nothof the "Folk High Schools."His ideas have expeople defended their liberty and

ing, however, may be taught or ertedstandardsa widespreadof other lands.influence upon educational ideals of freedom with great cour572 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

where democracy gives

l ''''freedom of worship WM -

their of the peril at often age and that never It is lives. probable own Bf Orson R West

before had such a genuine national ACTING DANISH MISSION PRESIDENT feeling existed. Unity and harmony DURING THE WAR YEARS

gave the country a hitherto unknown strength, which, however, tended by the rural youth. They

cost the lives of many of its patriots. do not prepare their students for

Since 1814, public schooling in any particular examination but try to give their students a broader view of life and teach them to love life and the living word. They emphasize the spiritual side of life. Many acters"The ofLittleHansMermaid,"Christian oneAndersen'sof the famousfairy tales,charprominent men and women have beautifulhas been setting.transmuted into bronze in a startlingly

here received training. The influence of these folk schools has had

a profound effect upon the life of HPo the Latterday Saints, Denmark the Danes. The first Folk High has been a very fruitful field ever

School was founded at Roedding in since the arrival of the first mission1844, and from this school a direct aries on June 14, 1850. The first litline leads to the many folk high tle group of missionaries consisted

schools of today. of Elders Erastus Snow, who was

The International High School at called "the Apostle of the North,"

Elsinore, founded in 1921, is an inGeorge P. Dykes, and Peter O.

teresting example. This school is Hansen, who translated the Book

attended by students from many of Mormon into Danish. These

countries of the world. Many Amerhumble servants of the Lord found

icans have attended. Its chief aim is "the field [was] white already to

to further the cause of international harvest."The people were anxiousunderstanding. ly waiting for the restored gospel,

P)enmark is primarily an agriculand hundreds embraced it enthutural country, encouraging small siastically. As early as 1852, the

farms rather than larger land holdfirst emigrants left for Zion with ings. This system has proved very rejoicing hearts, firmly believHHHHK someefficientotherin comparisoncountries. withCooperativethat of Amonging that theGod Daneshad againwhospoken.have

in Copenhagen Church"famous "Marble The eye movements have a strong foothold reached high positions in the Church familiar to the appreciative looks strangely of the American tourist. in Danish agriculture and have been were President Anthon H. Lund,

of importance to the economy of the President Christian D. Fjeldsted of

Denmark has been compulsory for farmers. the First Council of the Seventy,

children between seven and fourDuring the course of time thouand others who have been defenders teen years of age. A large percentsands of Danes have come to Amerof truth and preachers of righteousage of the children also attend high ica, and for the most part have beness.

school. Illiteracy is practically uncome good citizens in their land of While the Church has been in

known in Denmark. adoption. Every year hundreds of Denmark since the summer of 1 850,

Of universities there are two, one these DanishAmericans go back to from 1850 to 1905 the mission was in Copenhagen and one at Aarhus. the land of their birth to visit relapart of the Scandinavian Mission

The former is over 450 years old, tives and friends. On July 4th viswhich embraced Denmark, Sweden,

while the latter was founded in itors gather in the national park of and Norway.

1928. The University of CopenRebild Bakker (the Rebild Hills), In 1950, the Danish Mission will

hagen is rich in traditions while the to celebrate the American Independcelebrate its onehundredth anniverUniversity of Aarhus follows a ence Day. Here, in storied hills of sary. The Saints and missionaries

more modern trend. wild, natural beauty, as many as are already looking forward to this

A peculiar feature of the Danish thirty thousand prominent Amerievent, and hope to see representaschool system is the socalled "Folk cans and Danes have gathered. On tives of the General Authorities in

High Schools,"which have played many occasions the Danish king has June 1 950. Never before in the his-

a very important part in Danish culbeen present as an official token of tory of the Church has such a large tural life. They are schools for the good will that prevails between group of missionaries been laboring

adults, and these have been atDenmark and the United States. in Denmark.

SEPTEMBER 1948 573 ten more FROM TEMPLE SQUARE V By RICHARD L. EVANS

green with the grass of better living. earned the right to be called "a good

ecuuetit /reedcreeaowi If they are green at all, it is not man."He it is who is the steadyingJL unlikely that they are tinged with influence of neighborhoods and

pREEDOM is always a timely topic. another kind of green. And notwithcommunities. He is the backbone

When we have it, it may somestanding all the faults or inefficienof all nations that endure. He it is

it cies that are or could be charged who makes life worth living and the times seem commonplace—which

isn't. And some among us may look against our free way of life, the world worth saving. And even

over the fence and wonder if some world has yet to produce a nation though he may never see his name in other way of life might be more efof free men who do not live life prominent places, yet he is the reafective than freedom—which it more abundantly than those who are son people can live in decency; he

wouldn't. In a free land we may committed to any other course. No is the leavening element that makes

sometimes become annoyed with man is as well off without freedom possible the safety of property, that error and inefficiency. And we may as he could be with it. makes virtue possible, and that has

hear many highsounding proposals—July 4, 1948. made civilization as good as it is,

that are offered in exchange for despite all its weaknesses. Greater

freedom. But freedom isn't somethan brilliance, greater than cleverthing that you give up for anything imitation for s4 Ljood ness, greater than "knowing all the

else. And if you do, you have made n answers and all the angles,"more

a bad bargain. Many millions of an to be sought after than glamor or

unfortunate men know this now. wealth, than title or acclaim, is the

We may complain at times, and we 'T'he institutions of men confer a right to be called "a good man."A

may have cause for complaining. great many and a great variety good man may have all these other

But before we look longingly at any of honors, titles, degrees, and things besides; he may have received

other way of life, we should rememawards of one kind or another. Almany other honors—but the quality

ber that there are many men who most every organization that has of goodness transcends them all. In

can't complain without penalty. brought men together in a common the words of an ancient axiom: "In

its its credentials, purpose issues is goodness complain there are all kinds of wisand to criticize Freedom 1 its marks of merit, recognitions, and of privileges dom."precious of, the one

freedom. Certainly it shouldn't be for some of which there is much de-—July 11, 1948.

the From much acclaim. and Revised it be mand should neither But overdone.

Alcestis the Euripides, to honors soughtafter most responfrom Freedom suppressed.

sibility is one of the inducements least—all are in one form or another

to one recognitions from man adoffered who by those sometimes anJhinas iSeuondr to one man men many other or from apan It has freedom. vocate less

pealing sound, but it is a false freeof some degree of excellence, or Mnderstandin field in excellence, some supposed time every we let someone dom—for all TThere is one characteristic that amid But or action. of thought something that we us else do for

should do for ourselves, we have this variety and multiplicity of honmany of us have in common, and lost some part in determining our ors and awards, some of which that is our unwillingness to believe

It reown destiny. Cattle, so far as we mean much and some of which what we do not understand.

know, are free from responsibility. mean little, there is one achievement quires a man of considerable faith to

They eat corn contentedly. But they of high distinction, seldom menbelieve what he does not or cannot

aren't free. Perhaps they don't want tioned, and yet, fortunately, not so understand. Lack of understanding

to.be. But men do. And what free rare. It is a distinction that receives ofttimes causes men of primitive

man, despite his problems, would be little of the world's publicity, good mind to doubt or distrust the operawilling, to live the life of a man who or bad; and for which perhaps no tion of anything that is not easily

isn't free? And those who advocate medal was ever made, no citation apparent. For the same reason the. sacrifice of our kind of freedom ever written, no degree ever conlack of understanding—often men

on the grounds that it is inefficient, ferred, but which enables him who of superior learning in the ways of haven't faced the facts. It isn't perhas it to take from life its greatest this world are inclined to question

fect, to be sure. But show us any enjoyment. It gives him the confithe purposes of God, his judgments,

other way of life that has given as dence of children, the respect of his decisions with respect to life and much to as many. The socalled neighbors, the trust of friends, and death, because his ways are past

greener pastures, winch are somethe peace of a quiet companionship their understanding and their faith times said to be so lush by those with his own conscience. In short, it is not sufficient to go beyond the

ho would lure us to them, are not is the high distinction of having limits of their factual knowledge.

574 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Because they do not understand haps it is a good time to ask the how the words of the prophets are WLt WiiiJt Watt, days, often count for little. Pergoing to be fulfilled, there are those question: "Where shall we be a

who choose to disbelieve that the a Arunarea l/jtward hundred years from now?"Specifiprophets have ever spoken under cally, no man knows; but inasmuch

inspiration. Because they do not unfrom, r low! as men are immortal, we shall still

derstand how the process of life be ourselves, and we shall think our everlasting is to be brought about, Cometimes we hear someone shrug own thoughts. And it isn't likely

there are some whose faith fails off a puzzling or disappointing that it will be any easier to run away them in believing that it will be situation with the comment, "What from ourselves than it is now. But

brought about. And because they will it matter a hundred years from the passing of time will put its own

fail to understand, men often fail to now?"This may be just a casual appraisal on the record of the past.

comply with many requisites to high way of bypassing facts that we And the trivial things for which we attainment, with many things that don't want to face, but it's a good have given much, the small talk in it seriously: which we overindulge, and some ofwould lead them to their highest question if we will ask

it matter a hundred the things some have sold thempossibilities. So often we fail to be- "What will

fifty, or ten, or selves for, will all be known, forlieve or accept what we cannot exyears from now—or

plain. But one might as reasonably tomorrow?"ki many ways our lives their worthlessness. Some things we

say that because we do not underwould be very different if we would thought were important, we shall stand why hydrogen and oxygen ask this question before we do'some know were exceedingly unimpormake water, we do not believe in of the things we do, before we say tant, and some of the things to water. To all who refuse to believe, some of the things we say, and bewhich we didn't give much attenmerely because they do not underfore we pursue some of the objection, we shall come to learn mattives pursue. are disposed we We tered will our neglect it in said,stand, should be the words much—and

to devote time to energy much and us. accuse But of the things manyof the Psalmist: Lord, great how "O things that won't matter next much clutter lives which our confuse andare thy works! thy thoughts and are year, to or even tomorrow, nothsay our thoughts won't now, forever

deep.very knoweth man A [foolish] ing a of years hundred from now. in stand our so long as way 1 keep we

... is It this."that fortunatenot often are given to driving ourWe faith honestly and the do best we

truth is not limited by our underselves toward goals that aren't can. If we can learn to live a day at

standing of it; it is fortunate that the worth arriving at when we get there. a time and keep moving in the right

operation of law is not limited by We are given to eating our hearts direction, the future will find that our knowledge of it; it is fortunate out for things our neighbors have, time will have sifted out much of

that the ways of God are not limited or that we think they have, which the chaff and disposed of many a high price to acquire, pay and problems, healed it is we wounds, many of ignorance theby men—and with which, the passing of many sorrows, quieted many disand for fortunatealso us that our lack

of knowledge, or faith, or undersolved many of our little fears; and

standing does not change fundatime will have written the real values things on many on which we fixed false price tags. have nowmental facts.—July 18, 1948.—July 25, 1948.

* Revised iPsalm 92:5. 6

EARD FROM THE "CROSSROADS OF THE WEST*'WITH THE SALT LAKE TABERNACLE ChOIR AND ORGAN OVER A NATION-H WIDE RADIO NETWORK THROUGH KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING SYSTEM EVERY SUNDAY AT 11:30 A.M.

Eastern Time, 10:30 a.m. Central Time, 9:30 a.m. Mountain Time, and 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time.

ON THE BOOKRACK

{Concluded from page 571) fully will help a person in his process vista of what is expected of readers.

READING FOR SELFof selfeducation. In competition with And for those who write, it will afford

EDUCATION the motion picture and radio, the valuan idea of the responsibility of writers (W. E. Schutt. Harper and Brothers, able, joyful art of reading, which should in addition to giving them instructions

New York. 1946. 255 pages. $3.00.) always have first place, has declined, on actual writing and preparing maand helps such as this volume are terial for publication. Since the author

7V continue education person's must an Englishwoman, although she has A. W. is

life. mesneeded.—/. through That is the same widely been the read in America, pubsage of the modern movement for adult ON BEING AN AUTHOR lishers thought it would be wise to

education. That means selfeducation (Vera Brittain. Macmillan Company, have it especially annotated for Ameriafter school years. Therefore, the auNew York. 1948. 218 pages. $3.50.) can writers. This has been ably done

thor supplies explicit, and good guidThis manual for writers is an experiby George Savage, associate professor ance on how to read, what to read, and ence in good reading as well as in of English, University of Washington.

how to get the most out of one's readgood writing. For those who read what It is a book that writers should read

ing. To read this volume through carepeople write, it will open up a new and reread.—M. C. /.

SEPTEMBER 1948 575

The Responsibilities of Parents good could be accomplished. Then, if parents

would lead, rather than send, their children to '"Pime was when families felt and shouldered alpriesthood meeting, Sunday School, M.I.A., and

most complete responsibility for the training of sacrament meeting, talk with the teachers, and their children. Speaking generally, if a child did show interest in all that their children are learning,

not learn how to read 'well, the mother and father or should be learning, it is probable that fewer would admit that they had been negligent. If a children would lose interest in the Church. And,

girl did not become a fine seamstress or a good if parents would provide a wholesome home atcook, only the mother was blamed. If a boy were mosphere and surroundings for the children, maknot trained in a vocation or trade, the father had ing a conscientious effort to see that they belong

shirked his responsibility. And if a young man or to the right play groups and have desirable comwoman did not do his or her duty in the Church, panions, fewer of them would fall by the wayside.

the parents felt that their home training had not Solomon said:

been adequate.

How easy it is in this age to push the responis Trainold, heupwilla childnot departin the fromway it.he (Proverbsshould go: 22:6.)and when he

sibility and the blame outside the home circle. How

L. G. easy it is to accuse poor schools, crowded class-—D.

rooms, or incompetent teachers for poor academic training of our children. How convenient it is to The Educated Heart

trust the priesthood and the auxiliaries of the YX7ith crispness creeping into the air, a feeling of

Church with the complete responsibility of the expectancy hovers over young folk. There is

religious training of our young people. a flurry of preparation—checking of wardrobes,

Sociologists speak of the breakdown of the famwhirring of sewing machines, and buying of pencils ily. Actually, the family is playing a lesser role and pens and notebooks, for school bells will soon

in the training of children than it formerly did. be ringing. These young people secretly are really

With formal education becoming increasingly efeager to get into the activity of school again. They

ficient and with Church organizations constantly bubble over with their desire to renew old acseeking new methods of giving religious and moral quaintances and to make new friends. The factor

training, the burden on the home is being deof learning is important to them, of course, but creased. But with all of this, what each of us fundamentally it is not of primary concern, nor

should remember is that the home is still, and will should it be since the social adjustments that living remain, the basic social institution. To be successin the school community impels is the most imporful it must perform functions that the school, tant function of the school.

Church, or any other organization or combination We ordinarily think of education being for the of organizations cannot perform. The responsibilmind alone, when actually it should be for the heart

ity for the training of children still lies primarily primarily. With the right attitude our lives will be

upon the parents. A Latterday Saint father and blessed; without it our lives will be dull and meanmother who shirk this responsibility are not doing ingless. And attitudes are determined, not so much

their duty., by the mind, as by the heart. Genuine education

The Lord revealed to the Prophet Joseph Smith precludes the living of selfish, stunted lives or lives

And again, inasmuch as parents have children in Zion, or that bring sorrow to others.

in any of her stakes which are organized, that teach them The educated heart naturally need not be a not to understand the doctrine of repentance, faith in Christ product of the classroom. Sentimentality must not

the Son of the living God, and of baptism and the gift of the be mistaken for the educated heart. Many folk who

Holy Ghost by the laying on of the hands, when eight years attend sad movies or read sad books weep copiousold, the sin be upon the heads of the parents. ly at the situations depicted, but their emotion is

For this shall be a law unto the inhabitants of Zion, or in any of her stakes which are organized. quickly dissipated, and they do nothing to better

And their children shall be baptized for the remission of the conditions. Lincoln, on the other hand, postheir sins when eight years old, and receive the laying on sessed the educated heart, for his compassion was

of the hands. so great that it extended to the hundreds upon

And they shall also teach their children to pray, and to hundreds of slaves whose miserable lives so moved walk uprightly before the Lord. (D. & C. 68:2528.) him that he translated his emotion into clearcut,

An ideal plan for the training of children condecisive action. While we may not all have the farsists of close cooperation among the home and all reaching authority of a Lincoln, we do have the

the organizations which influence our young peopower to demonstrate the result of the educated ple. If parents could find time in this toobusy heart in our homes, in our neighborhoods, and in

world to follow their children's school work and our Church—that all whose lives we touch may

give them some help at home, if needed, much feel blessed. M.C.J.

576 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA their lives. "All that my Father hath shall be given

CXXVl. lA/kat Js6 tke LJatk and unto him"—the worthy priesthood bearer.

Wilford Woodruff, fourth president of the

Louenantouenani or tke j-neitkood i Church, speaking upon this revelation commented upon the greatness of the promises made to faith-

N the fall of 1832, meetings were held in Kirtland, ful priesthood bearers. I

Ohio, to hear the reports of groups of missionaries who had recently returned from the eastern I often reflect upon the promises made concerning the states. These elders were filled with the spirit of priesthood.... Now, I sometimes ask myself the question.

their work. They had preached the doctrine of ifDoweweabidecomprehendthe laws ofthesethe things?priesthoodDo weweshallcomprehendbecome heirsthat

in successful gospel; been they had restored the in with Jesus and jointheirs of God Christ?—Who

truth; their the of souls this? of to a knowledge bringing such can apprehend language as the Lord the Whoname

hearts were filled with joy. can comprehend that, by obeying the celestial law, all that

shall thrones, our Father has given unto us—exaltations, spirit, they the missionary the influence of Under

it? power, can comprehend bedominion—who plan principalities, of the Lord's the vast meaning glimpsed had it is stated.2 Nevertheless here

of salvation for the human family. As their fervent

testimonies were borne, many gospel questions However, a covenant concerns two persons.

were asked. Especially were these ambassadors of Both parties must do something to make the covetruth concerned with the priesthood, under the nant effective. That principle is in full operation

authority of which they had labored—its history, in the oath and covenant of the priesthood. He

extent, and power. who receives the priesthood covenants to magnify

The Prophet Joseph Smith inquired of the Lord, his calling in the priesthood. That makes the

and received, on September 22 and 23, one of the covenant valid. That is too often forgotten.

great revelations on priesthood, now known as The revelation sets this forth clearly. A man

section 84 of the Doctrine and Covenants. While who has received the priesthood and then fails to

the Prophet called it a revelation on priesthood, it use it is a covenant breaker, subject to punishment.

goes beyond the technical limits of the subject, and discusses many related or cognate items. The But whoso breaketh this covenant after he hath received

it, turneth forgivealtogether therefrom, have shall not and for. asked was then, more than as now, gave Lord

sins in this of ness in the world to come. world nor offices the of the history and discussing After

two divisions of the priesthood, the Aaronic and That makes it a most serious offense to dishonor

Melchizedek, the revelation continues: the priesthood by not using it in the building of

For whoso is faithful unto the obtaining these two priestthe Lord's latterday kingdom.

hoods of which I have spoken, and the magnifying their calling, are sanctified by the Spirit unto the renewing of their bodies. The oath and covenant of the priesthood is

and and of of Aaron sons Moses the become They the between God. promises him The Lord man and

the kingdom, and and the church of and Abraham, seed great blessings the priesthood magnifies he if he elect of God.

And also all they who receive this priesthood receive me, receives. The man in turn, when he receives the

saith the Lord; priesthood, promises that he will honor the priestFor he that receiveth my servants receiveth me; hood received, by magnifying it.

receiveth receiveth that he me my Father; And

Father receiveth receiveth that he my Father's Every ordination to the priesthood implies this my And kingdom; therefore all that my Father hath shall be given covenant between man and God, whether so stated

unto him. or not. It would be well, if in all priesthood ordiAnd this is according to the oath and covenant which nations the oath and covenant of the priesthood

priesthood. to the belongeth were explained. Too many priesthood bearers

all Therefore, those who receive the priesthood, receive this oath and covenant of my Father, which he cannot break, feel that they have been given something without neither can it be moved. 1 a corresponding promise by themselves. They forget too often that every ordinance in the gospel is

These words clearly refer to the covenant which accompanied by a covenant between God and man.

all the priestwith makes the Lord who receive A. W. We are a covenant people.—/.

it in to magnify attempt worthily, and who hood 2G. Homer Durham, The Discourses of Wilford Woodruff, pp. 79, 80

iD. 6 C. 84:3340 3D. 8 C. 84:41

M.I. A. Theme 194849 "2temnttin?r tlje sabbaiij bag, ttfkwp it fyohj."

Exodus 20:8

SEPTEMBER 1948 577 continuation, not only through the period of formal education, but also throughout life, not forgetting that the church is the source, the perfect source, of high ideals. When idealism is lost, the cause is lost, whether

it be in the life, in the home, in the school, in the nation.

glad to perform, and lessons which idealism, of a noted Speaking to glad teach and be shouldGoing to School they inheritance greatest says the chemist abnever should teach. The home

little a befall say baby, a that can By H. H. Bailey dicate any of its duties.

girl, is to put to by a be bed baby little tells the beautiful mother who lesduties first these and of TThe stories. girl beautiful bedtime As exception, when without Ilmost child is obedience. The sons to the conscious from goes the mind children their of speak parents in thej\ is obedience taught not who is in the built subconscious, the what to refer they school, to going1* its early days, with beginning home, manimind becomes subconscious teacher the and schoolhousethe unpleasant rugged, rough, a has of fest in tomorrow. the womanhood their secure children Butwithin. Children follow. who to pathway

education from more sources than are brought up in disobedience durOftentimes the teaching of ideals one. ing early life merit the sympathy of is more important than the teaching

This article deals with education all rightthinking people. of facts.

other than that of the schoolroom. Let me quote from a noted auShall we say that the teaching of

Children have eyes to see and thority on child life: highway safety and patriotism

ears to hear. These are the two should not be taken from the home?

great senses in learning. Through If the home cares properly for the child Indeed not! The choicest crop of

school the grade first six years, the during percent is eighty the community's gain community any eyesthe we child. that difficulty with no have ears will the girls. Rather, let through of boys and crop know;of we what care school grade the If and the home

sixteen percent. The Savior said of properly for the child, the high school will this teaching in the home, complete

adults, not children, that they could experience no difficulty. and thorough, be supplemented by

care school high if the and the home And It to is well the school. remember hear though they nor seeneither

life will child, college and the for properly of the that work the great ears. home is and eyeshad child's conduct. the with marred not be

Children go to school to everythe care and training of its children.

thing in the community—to patches In my judgment, manners and

of weeds and clusters of flowers; to courtesy and right conduct should Among the unwanted teachers of

unkempt alleys and wellkept lawns; be taught in the home. If not, wrong the child are the undesirable, unto unpainted, unsightly buildings, habits must be torn down, and new attractive features and conditions of

and to beautiful, attractive homes. habits formed, a difficult procedure the community—weeds, unkempt alChildren go to school to every indeed, after the child has reached leys, unpainted, unsightly buildings;

man and woman in the community the age of six, the preschool age. residents whose conduct tends to

to some with detrimental effects and If the child fails, if the home fails, lower child life. I shall also include

to others with priceless results. if the school fails, if the nation fails, the man who approves unbecoming

Some teach profanity and vulgarity the cause may be attributed to a conduct in a neighbor or friend.

while others teach honor, honesty, failure in teaching ideal child life, teachis another There unwanted virtues, ideal school life, fundamental by ideal home life, otherand the er. this teacher is along At times imporlife. is far more ideal national whichexample,

the of one occupying highway, unteach precept. Some thantant

this billboards. often All too many there is no vision, the people perWhere always of hypocrisy, guiseder the

(Prov. 29:18.) in is to the teacher be found magathe ish. under others andunavailing,

attractive, enticing, very others zine—the righteousness of—mantle likewise, ideals, of teaching advertisebeautiful misleading but The is so is right for what standwhose with a the home, done in be should daughyour son ment to which and position their know youfirm that

is It to school. of ter often one go are These asking. withoutalways

evil influences the of the day. Counof chilteachers greatamong the m teraction, rests largely you, mark

dren. the appeal home, through whose

The children also go to school to effectively the time reach should in a thoughtless fellow, to say the government.

least, a man who approves in an occasional friend conduct that would In conclusion let me state that the humiliate and shame him were it the desirable teachers without the conduct of one of his children. schoolroom are the beautiful, deAmong the best teachers of chillightful features of the community,

dren, perhaps the best, are the fathe good people of the community, ther and mother. There are duties the fathers and mothers, and the

which they should perform and be church.

578 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Josephine B. Nichols

Ideas for the Lunch Box

T3 ack to school means back to packing lunches—lunches that are

appetizing and nourishing. If properly

prepared, foods will remain appetizing and attractive even after the trip to school. If planned in advance to include nutritious foods they will be

nourishing. Lunches packed the night

before often lose appetite appeal, but you can prepare ahead by setting butter out to soften, making sandwich spreads, and storing foods like deviled,;a?c

eggs, wrapped in wax paper, in the refrigerator.

Variety is important if the packed lunch is to be eaten and enjoyed day '*# after day. Hot or cold drinks may be m

rNWWcarried bottle. in a vacuum

'i.HMSKRMW The packing of an attractive nutritious lunch need not take too much

time. if It is simplified a few of the IwtsVJK'WM fftWSWMME*? Oilstaples and other commonly used foods m

'l#ware kept on hand. >

Suggestions for tasty, nourishing sandSows revs'HWWfcSOv| wiches:

1. Ground cooked meat, mixed with

pickle, cabbage, or carrots, and salad dressing, on enriched bread.

2. Fish flaked and mixed with chopped

celery, pickles, or catsup, and salad dressing, isai*f?: on enriched or whole wheat

bread. THE SQtOtH WW **

3. Chopped hard cooked eggs, pickles, or **jr

minced green pepper with salad dressing, on whole wheat bread. s> 4. butter, Peanut ground figs, dates, or

prunes moistened with orange juice on enriched or whole wheat bread.

5. Crisp bacon and sliced tomatoes on

enriched or whole bread. wheat

cheese 6. Cream or cottage on honey or-; vrv---'"-"'--"

ange nut bread.

7. Creamed cheese and chopped olives

on bread slices.

8. Jelly or marmalade on whole wheat

bread.

Honey Orange Nut Bread FelsNaptha Soap Chips are sold in 1 cup honey

... 2 x/21 eggcups sifted enriched flour just this one generous package 2 teaspoons baking powder teaspoon salt Yi millions of women prefer these tablespoons 2 shortening 1Y2 tablespoons grated orange rind \A teaspoon soda MADE IN PHIIA. husky, active FelsNaptha Soap

% cup orange juice BV FELS a CO.

% cup chopped nut meats Chips to any package soap or Cream honey and shortening together until fluffy; add egg and orange rind. Sift

dry ingredients and add alternately with substitute... regardless of price.

orange juice. Add chopped nuts. Pour

into greased loaf pan lined with waxed paper. Bake in moderate oven 325 F.

seventy minutes. Age two days before cutting. Makes one loaf (8x4 inches).

{Concluded on page 581 SEPTEMBER 1948 579 INDIAN COMMITTEE ORGANIZED HPhe great concern of the Church they seem to have particular adaptabilover the descendants of Lehi has ity.

always existed since the early days In order to accomplish this purpose when the Prophet Joseph Smith himthe First Presidency has appointed an self went to preach to them. At the Indian relations committee for the

present time an organization has been Church, consisting of Elders Spencer perfected which will help bring in- W. Kimball, Matthew Cowley, and

creased happiness to these children of Antoine R. Ivins. In addition Elder

our Father in heaven. The fourfold Golden R. Buchanan has been apobject of this program is: 1, to teach pointed coordinator. These four peothe gospel; 2, to teach better living; 3, ple will direct all of the work among

to teach vocational subjects; 4, to teach the Indian groups. They have perfected

the stake membership to be kind and a clearcut organization, delegating the take an active interest in the well being responsibility to the various organizaof the Indians to the extent that they tions of the Church.

will provide better living and recreaThe committee points out that not tional conditions in the areas where all of the organizations may need to

Indians live or into which they are function in each stake; for instance, if

called for seasonal work. there are no adult Indian women in

The Relief Society teachers, for inthe community, the Relief Society stance, could teach the Indian mothers would not be called into activity. If

sanitation and family care, the wise use there are no children, the Primary of money. The Primary and the Muwould not be affected.

tual Improvement Associations could, The organization should be, as infor example, help teach the younger dicated on the chart, a stake respongroups the value of reading and writsibility with aid from the ward and as needed. organizations The learning branch help actually them in ing—and should relations committee stake Indian necessary. write wherever to read and

All of the auxiliaries can encourage the organize with a chairman who may or children to attend regular schools may not be the president of the stake wherever it is possible for them to do or mission. This chairman should be so. the very best man available—one who

The vocational purpose is of tremenregularloves andmeetingunderstandsschedule Indians.should beA

dous importance too if the Indians are planned. Those in attendance should

says the to take their place in the economic life include: the high councilman, one

DIETITIAN ofAmongthe nationsthose vocationsin which theywhichreside.they membersuperintendencyfrom theofpresidencyeach of theandauxthe

associated with a should be encouraged to study are iliaries. Their attendance at such

carpentry and building trades, mechmeetings should be regular in order to leading Research anics, farming, homemaking, nursing forward the work of carrying the gosInstitute and baby care, as well as other skills pel message to these descendants of a

FROM A LETTER such as weaving and sewing for which mighty race.

IN OUR FILES

First Presidency

VAN CAMP SEA FOOD CO., INC./

Terminal Island, California Council of Twelve First Council of the Seventy

There's no substitute for tuna, when you use Indian Relations Committee

gW j)fflAT Coordinator

School Sunday Relief Society Primary A. M. I.

Board General Board General Board General Boards General

Stake Presidency

WHITEASTAR

Stake Indian Relations Committee

M. I. A. Primary StakePresidentMission CouncilHigh SocietyRelief SundaySchool mrnmm

580 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Cook's Corner (Concluded from page 579) "I CAN FILL MY HUNGRY FAMILY Banana Nut Bread

J4 cup shortening WITHOUT EMPTYING MY PURSE

Y21 eggcup sugar "It's a good trick—but I do it by just opening a jar of LYNDEN

bran 1 cup cereal SLICED CHICKEN or LYNDEN BONED TURKEY."flourIV2 cups

2 teaspoons baking powder You can serve it as it comes from the jar, or in a variety of tasty, salt teaspoon Y2 teaspoon soda thrifty dishes. It can be "stretched", reducing the cost per serving ]/2

132 cups mashed bananas by adding LYNDEN CHICKEN GIBLET GRAVY.

2 tablespoons water 1 teaspoon vanilla Cream shortening, sugar, and vanilla.

Add egg and beat well. Mix dry ingredients. Add alternately with mashed bananas to which the water has been added to

the creamy mixture. Pour into greased

loaf tin. Bake at 350 F. one hour. Makes

one loaf. lis

Peanut Butter Cookies

14 cup shortening Yi cup peanut butter x/2 cup sugar 1 cup sifted enriched flour 2 teaspoons baking powder 34 cup milk 2 eggs 1 cup chopped raisins 1 canCHICKEN(7 3A GIBLEToz.) LYNDENGRAVY II teaspoonegg beatenWorcestershirewith I tablespoonsauce

Cream shortening, peanut butter, and 2 jars (5 V2 ox.) LYNDEN SLICED water

sugar. Add eggs, beating after each addiCHICKEN (or BONED TURKEY) I '/a cups crushed potato chips or

tion. Stir in fruit, add dry ingredients and 2 cups seasoned mashed potatoes buttered crumbs

milk alternately to creamed mixture. Drop or dry bread crumbs teaspoon salt

from teaspoon on greased baking sheet. 2 eggs, well beaten Few grains of pepper

Bake at 350 F. ten to twelve minutes. 1 teaspoon prepared mustard Flour

Oatmeal Cookies Combine LYNDEN CHICKEN GIBLET GRAVY with chicken (or turkey), potatoes or

cutlets. shortening in into flat Roll lightly croquettes thoroughly. into coneshaped or Mold M cup bread crumbs which have been dried in oven, beaten eggs and seasonings. Chill

sugar bowl flour, dip in with water, then dip in of crushed potato cup chips or egg beaten egg crumbs which have been tossed lightly with melted butter. Bake in shallow pan

cup evaporated milk at 375 F. 20 minutes, or until browned. Cutlets should be turned once during

Baking. Serves 6. water cup

rolled oats 1H%2 cups 1 cup raisins ground, if desired cups sifted flour Yi teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon cinnamon 2 teaspoons baking powder

Cream shortening, and sugar. Then add

the wellbeaten egg, milk, water, rolled oats, and raisins. Sift flour with salt, cinnamon, and baking powder. Add to first

mixture. onto a teaspoon from Drop a mm

sheet. at 375 F. ungreased baking Bake

til brown, about twenty minutes.

These Times

(Concluded 547) from page curry teaspoon powder SLICED V2 (SV2 ex.) LYNDENtical Standards, attempts to en- I jar which TURKEY or BONED coarsely CHICKEN chopped 1 cup

force "paper"controls (records, forms, 1 con (7Va ox.) LYNDEN CHICKEN cooked celery,

etc.) over the government; and (5) GIBLET GRAVY I recipe cornbread, or I package

the Fiscal Division, which, with the I cup milk cornbread mix

Council of Economic Advisers and the Combine milk with LYNDEN CHICKEN GIBLET GRAVY. Add LYNDEN SLICED

Treasury, attempts to plan the relaCHICKEN or BONED TURKEY, curry powder, and cooked celery. Heat thoroughly.

tions between taxes, spending, income, Serve over hot cornbread. Serves four or five.

national prosperity, and foreign activities.

Similar reports could be written for the other elements that make up The LYNDEN TREATS FOR YOUR TABLE

Executive Office of the President, But Chicken Fricassee Turkey and Noodles enough has been said to demonstrate SlicedBoned ChickenTurkey GibletRavioliGravy that on January 20, 1949, a vast and Chicken and Noodles complex institutionwithin-institutions awaits the victor at the polls.

SEPTEMBER 1948 581.:

Melchizedek Priesthood Monthly

Quorum lesson for October LESSON NINE: October 1948

Priesthood and Church Welfare Those quorum presidencies which

Getting off to a Good Start have conscientiously conducted the

Reference: Melchizedek Priesthood

interviews as personal requested know Section Handbook, anthe a confidential 1947, year XII, p. 76 to "Cor result. presivalues what few Some Section XIII, p. 79. for report nual of the Melquorums still neglecting dencies obligathe are

from received Priesthood chizedek was tion of interviews personal making 1 activities directs the welfare addition, In Who in the Church. every stake afford which opporsuch an excellent Priesthood the Melchizedekof in prethe reports two quowhere many tunity for encouragement and as quorums?rums estabpartially years been vious had or lishing desirable friendly rela- a highly is the stake Melchizedek exwithout incomplete, 2. Who largely almost tionship. for There is no substitute representative on the stakePriesthood properreports were the 1947 ception contact. personal

committee?welfare sincere entirely completed. Such ly and presidencies are to urged Quorum the represents Melward cooperation 3. Who wholehearted on the and interas as possible complete the soon

unit the welPriesthood onchizedek of stake presidencies and quorum part If of viewing all quorum members. committee?fare is every of compresidencies worthy visits in early the such been have made

is responsibility 4. of the What mendation. year, during those December members rehabilitain thepriesthood quorums attained of standards comparison A just into the have quorum moved who

tion members? of quorum the with as in 1947 two compared contacted without posing be an may bishthe of 5. comparison a Make that reveals proper years previous if burden. the majorundue However,

the quorums'responsibilityops'and is in greater resulting accomemphasis left visits ity the last for of are the few rehabilitation of in theresponsibility the plishment. members quorum Among there will weeks, great a be tendency

members.priesthood full tithepayers has inof percentage interto either neglect such making

a list of rehabilitation ac- 6. Make substantially and gratifycreased very or to views to accomplish use means

tivities achieved have been which is by ing noted in Sabbath achievement these purposes are not which approved which quorums and otherspriesthood of the observance observance, in day to achieving or conducive proper could be undertaken. standards embodied in the Word of sults. reof responsibility 7. the Describe of family participation in Wisdom, official of all, For the guidance the in committees welfare personalquorum at in sacrament attendance prayer, and instructions pertaining the to confinancial in to membersregard quorum is heartengeneral trend meeting. The fidential annual report extracted are

distress. least. ing, the to say the from Priesthood Melchizedek call the 8. on bishop members a still Can are there some Admittedly weak published as herewith and Handbook his inof quorum any ward—high is for there adequate spots room and follows priest, elder, teacher, or seventy,priest, if trend present the but improvement,

of assist in the production future, the of the may be indicativedeacon—to report is required of each An annual the bishop of the usematerials for perin possibility a nearly of achieving of the Priesthood. quorum Melchizedek

carrying out his bishops'storehouse fect record of adherence to Church The responsibility for obtaining the report program? standards among members of the Melfrom each quorum rests with the stake

9. In addition to assisting the bishchizedek Priesthood within four or five Melchizedek Priesthood committee, whose

op's storehouse program, may priestyears may well be realized. The duty it is to obtain and audit reports, enter

hood quorums establish their private dynamic effects resulting from such a them on the stake summary and mail the quorum projects? condition can hardly be envisioned. In stake summary to the general priesthood

as as possible committee after soon De10. the purpose of be What would strength there is strength. unity What

15. 31, before cember and January projects? privatethese quorum for effectiveness emanate would and

It is evident that examination upon such a united body of priesthood fully annual report emphasizes the importancethe living in accord with the divine teachof each member living the standards of the "In Attendance"or ings of the gospel! Church. Brethren who bear the Holy

Eight months have passed since the Priesthood and who hold positions of lead- "Other Church Work"? beginning of the year. In a short time ership are expected to conduct their lives

Kany quorums of the priesthood are the confidential annual report will in keeping with the word of the Lord.

of the Part report specifies that one each due. Unless again a considerable be groups. of of a number comprised

president, in counselor, each and quorum interconfidential personal of number feasible, particularly in quoWhere his seniority, the of shall order his sign name date, to completed been have views the quoof seventy, of membersrums personal a statement and as to whethmake find the presidencies may many quorum leadact as grouprum presidency may life is his er in the questions with harmony ers. In the case of high priests'quopress of duties such that they may be asked. The quorum secretary is not required

rums, however, and some quorums of sorely tempted to neglect this importo make such a statement. An original only

seventy and elders, group leaders are tant responsibility. of part one is to be made and no copy

appointed for each group in order that thereof retained by the quorum.

the quorum presidency may visit all Upon close examination of part two of groups regularly as a means of corChurch work during priesthood hour."the report it will also be evident that only

basis a personal of upon the interview withrelating at are in attendance they Only efficiently the work of the quowhen is living each member, at quorum who their meetings grouprum. should they own the report can home, reflect the to be made

When members of the quorum presibe credited as being in "attendance at true status of quorum members with regard dency are visiting quorum groups, weekly priesthood meeting."The to the standards of the Church as set forth

other than that to which they belong, group being visited should record such therein.

they should be given credit for "other members as "visitors"on their records. Members of the presidency of each quo582 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

What Southern Baptists Did

According to The Voice, on "Commitment Day,"May 30, 1948, every member of the Southern Baptist Sunday Schools, above ten years of age,

TWELVE—CONDUCTEDHAROLDBY THE B.GENERALLEE, CHAIRMAN;PRIESTHOODEZRACOMMITTEETAFT BENSON,OF THEMARIONCOUNCILG. ROMNEY,OF THE wasagainstaskedthe useto ofsignalcoholica "commitmentbeverages"

THOMAS E. MC KAY, CLIFFORD E. YOUNG, ALMA SONNE, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, in a special temperance appeal.

ANTOINE R. IVINS, RICHARD L. EVANS, OSCAR A. KIRKHAM, S. DILWORTH This appeal to the Baptists was

YOUNG, MILTON R. HUNTER, BRUCE R. MC CONKIE similar to the "Commitment Day"appeal to the Methodists in February

rum of high priests, seventy, and elders which resulted in about two and onepersonally to interview eachare million commitments being made. quorum NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO half

to determine at homemember who is living campaign The leading up to "Commithis answer to the items, excepting percentCOLUMN ment Day"was featured by church this tithing questions, items Conducted and soage articles, by magazines, and by Sunday Joseph F. Merrill to the Dr.report completed be and mailed may School lessons entitled "Daniel Stands Priestthe ofchairman stake Melchizedek

hood committee not later than January 1. by His Convictions."In addition, letIt presidents is requested that quorum Be Alert tersleaderswereaskingwrittenthattotheall entiredenominationalmonth of intercounselorsand go individually when

millions used "to be lead of peoviewing May not as a presiquorum members, ple to Confidential matters thedency. be more HPhis is a call to all enemies of drink oppose use of alcohol may as a

freely discussed when only one quorum ofto all who believe in, practise or beverage."Commitment cards were

ficer and a member are present. Care should work for total abstinence, who believe furnished, reading as follows:

be exercised to avoid any embarrassment in law and order, good government, to the member. The interview should not and are willing to do something to obBecause I love Jesus and want my life to

be conducted while he is in the presence tain them. Those who favor "letting count for Him and because I know that

of the members of his family. There is no down the bars"and "a wide open beverage alcohol is the foe of spiritual

need to ask questions the answers to which town"are already planning to go into living and the destroyer of everything dear are already to you. known to the heart Lord, I promise myself of my the elections with candiNovember

secretaries Neither group nor quorum I sell, that give, will never it to or serve will dates bidding. do their wholeaders assist to to are be asked quorum Of others. these candidates will course not thempresidencies interviews. in conducting these

selves of the underworld. be members this survey, recordmaking avoid When Strong Stand Taken on will citizens respectable be They thising information, report, who in except any Liquor Question willing to are let people they do will identify the whatwhich with any member

reconfidential aanswers This is made. gamble, indulge in imlike—drink, Declaration Unequivocal by Highestport the of statements should and members etc., practices, to their heart's moral Body of Methodism strictest in the heldbe confidence. content. candidates Such to want be

The practice of sending questionnaires in "free"themselves and are willing that Recommendations Unanimously Adopted is obtain form to this informationany the General Conference the of shall not others likewise be do by "free"—toapproved. Methodist Church, at in Session please. as they believe that You who Boston, Massachusetts, interApril each has been member When

viewed, the quorum presidency should take good morals are basic to good govern28-May 8, 1948:

a list of quorum members to each respecment, and right living to a clean comtive bishop at the end of the year and asmunity, should bestir yourselves and The following recommendations certain each member's tithing record as to make sure that friends of loose living presented to the general conference by whether he is a full tithepayer, part titheand of the underworld are not elected the Committee on the State of the payer, nontithepayer or is exempt from the to office in the November elections. Church, Dr. Ernest F. Tittle, chairman,

tithes. ofpayment at the in session Boston, April 28May

is It that requested the stake sum-... 8, 1948, unanimously were adopted,

the confidential of reports of "America at Heart Sick of Drink annualmary crystal and historic clear the make posihigh priests, of the seventy,quorums and elders for the stake be mailed as soon after "In Need of a Crusade tion of the Methodist Church upon the

December 31 as possible and before Janquestion of beverage use of intoxiuary 15. "The hour is here for a total absticants.

nence crusade across the nation. HowWhen information is obtained and ever satisfied the people of our nation 1. That we lay upon the hearts and conrecorded in accordance with the foremay seem to be with social drinking, sciences of our people the duty of total

going instructions, it will be useful and America at heart is sick of drink. abstinence from all alcoholic beverages as

element the of an Christian stewardship ofaccurate. for the Reports sake intoxicants, forty millions drink of reWhile personality influence. and

little value.ports are of obtainmillion others The one hundred do not. 2. earnestly stress the vital That we

ing of accurate information, however, The weekend hangover, the loss of necessity of systematic temperance educabesides establishing a valuable personself-control and selfrespect, the distion throughout our church. We commend

al contact, serves to reemphasize the gusting liquor advertisements in newsthe present close and practical cooperation basic standards of righteous living and papers and magazines and on the air, of the Connectional agencies of Methodprovides safe criterion for determining the long, thirsty lines at the liquor ism in this task.

the strength and weaknesses which stores, the crime, the highway tragedies 3. We urge the early passage of ademay exist in quorums. Such an analysis—-all have done much to prepare the quate legislation to stop the heartless expermits corrective measures to be public mind to respond to a challenge ploitation of our young people and the entire population of by advertising means totaken. enjoin all responsible total ofto abstinence. potenAre a you We the promote use sale of and alcoholic beverficers to giving tial their is continue field leader? support to you. open The ages. task of temperance The education

... attention to thisand painstaking shrink not matleadership."from Do should not difficult be made more govby

ter. {The Voice, May 1948.) (Concluded on page 598)

SEPTEMBER 1948 583 WARD YOUTH LEADERSHIP OUTLINE OF STUDY OCTOBER 1948 "TpHE lesson for September will be a review of the study material presented in this column for

July and August 1947.

Mimeographed copies of the lessons will be sent to each bishop one month in advance. Bishops are requested immediately to

place the material in the hands of the leader who presents the lessons during the monthly meeting

A CHALLENGING RECORD FROM LAYTON WARD, MT. GRAHAM STAKE of the Ward Youth Leadership

Three Standard Group Awards, twentyfive Individual Certificates of Award, and nine girls (in the committee that he may have amis meeting, School, attendance perfect at sacrament with record Sunday Y.W.M.I.A., photo) a and the ple time to make adequate prepStake, L.D.S. girls for 1947. There Layton seventyfive the are L.D.S. program Ward, record of Mt. Graham

years twentyone girls twelve and between of age in the ward. This is a commendable record—does any aration.

"better"? "equal"or a challenge it with en ward

The girls with the perfect attendance records are, left to right, front row: Charlene Gietz, Betty Ruth

Jensen, Sharon Haggard, Ethel Jean Ellsworth. Back row: Ina Clare Evans, Fay Richards, LaVerl Bingham,

Edith Cluff, Leslie Jensen. o- L.D.S. Gir! Leaders

Aaronic Priesthood In some instances, there is not enough care being exercised in followThe Adviser and the Girl ing through in the matter of priesthood

Promptness in Ordinations ordinations. This item should be "VS7hy has successful growth and de-

R ECENTLYing Bishop'sword Officecame tothatthethePresidordi- rumscheckedof theat leastAaroniceach Priesthood.month in quoLet the programvelopmentfor Latterdaybeen so noticeableSaint girls?in

nation of two worthy priests to the such matters be taken care of promptly Important to this answer is the adoffice of elder had been postponed for and systematically. We cannot afford viser, her testimony of the gospel, her

months because the bishop did not to run the risk of offending through love of the Lord and her willingness to have on hand the necessary forms for needless oversights, demonstrate that love in the spiritual making the recommendation to the One boy was asked by a member of guidance of the girls in her charge.

stake presidency. If the matter had the Presiding Bishopric "Do you attend The adviser, alert to present day connot come to our attention, these two your priesthood meetings?"The boy ditions, is utilizing her initiative, her

young men may have become discourreplied "No."When asked why, he time, and her influence, in impressing

aged and even inactive. Happily the said, in evident embarrassment, "I have upon each girl in her group, a testimony

matter was corrected and the young never been ordained to the priesthood."of the truthfulness of the restored gosmen are again contented and going He was a worthy young man, was pel of Jesus Christ.

along well in their priesthood work. graduated from Primary, was fourteen How does each girl "catch"the spirit of this testimony? The spirit of this When young men are worthy, and years of age, and no priesthood leader

to, or girl for ordination testimony pass to age each proper may the whenof ever invited had him into the ranks of

Priestin, existing barriers Aaronic the are erased unan andadvancement the Priesthood. Aaronic ordifor of truth derstanding is established. recommended to be or Ashood,

nation to the Melchizedek Priesthood, Look around, brethren, and make each girl recognizes the personal interit may become a serious matter to certain such cases could not, and will est and willing devotion of the adviser delay official action. It is recommended not, be found in your ward. toward her, individually, then will the

that worthy boys be ordained deacons at the age of twelve years, teachers at the age of fifteen years, priests at the age of seventeen years, and elders at the age of nineteen years.

SET RECORD ADVISER AND QUORUM

Ward, Highland Park deacons, of first quorum The the Standard for qualified had Stake,Highland year. this 15 June as of 1948 for AwardQuorum

slightly in over high sufficiently was recordTheir for the their award quorum insure as tosix months activity no further been if there had yearcurrent whatever Figure this record out and see what can be done where leaders and boys "dig in"together.

Quorum adviser Gerrit Smith teaches by example as well as by precept. Brother Smith has not missed

a priesthood meeting or a sacrament meeting since he was appointed quorum adviser in 1941.

It other quorums or Aaronic Priesthood leaders would like to know "how it is done,"this would bea good quorum to visit to find out—and you would

be welcome.

584 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Hl& Cdlted bu cJ.ee M. f-aumer

Jptetiapito

LD.S. Girl Leaders Ward Teaching

The Road Ahead Accepting the Call

TVTuch of the present year has passed. VS7hen the call comes to serve as a

Very few weeks remain in which ward teacher, it should be acgirls may complete the minimum recepted promptly. To refuse or delay

quirements necessary to qualify for an acceptance demonstrates a lack of apIndividual Certificate of Award. preciation for the gospel. Jesus pointed

Will "the road ahead"allow you out the seriousness of such an attitude.

sufficient time to meet the percentages He, too, labored with those who hesiand requirements as set forth in the tated. He earnestly appealed for folaward program? Are girls of your lowers. Several indicated a willingness

stake, and of wards in which you are to respond, but made acceptance conleaders, familiar with the records your ADVISERS TO ADULT MEMBERS OF AARONIC ditional upon being permitted to comPRIESTHOOD, STAKE made SHARON tasks. Jesus plete other To them girls secretaries the prepared? have Do faithful Three advisers group from the Sharon put having man, reply, stern the "No are, Stake, they left right, to Jackson, LakeElmon yet requirements they must what know

J. Earl view dinger, Ward; Timpanogos RichWard; looking plough, and the to his hand fulfil in qualify for J. to the order award? ard Hillcrest Rowley, Ward.

leaders These are performing is wonderful a fit for the kingdom of God."mission back, urging girls have Are advisers who adult the among members of the Aaronic Priesthood

9:62.) (Luke in their respective wards. to "almost put forth met requirements,"

just a bit more effort? In Ward Youth The call to do ward teaching should

consideration. secondary given be meetings, are plans being Leadership Aaronic Priesthood Choruses not with is duty. He There no compromise girl every developed through which

may be invited to participate in Church who accepts without hesitation is alactivities? Sparking the Rehearsal ready in the spirit of his calling.

this in again emphasized Lord The be ahead"road and rocky "The may is painful than more a humVJhat full deof importance the dispensation is alert to unless leadership rough of rehearsal? "Another drum one that "Therefore, ye duty. to votion O circumstance. impeding every The it."like just quickest blight to The way that see of service God, the in embark to Presiding Bishopric look you who for is rehearsals enthusiasm to follow might, heart, all your with serve him ye responsileadership are entrusted with the cut dried procedure same and week stand that strength, ye may mind and bilities effort exert to every toward after drill certain week. of amount A last at the day."before blameless God half than meeting youth way. more Go is necessary, of course, the but boys teachers 4:2.) C. Ward (D. & all "the into the second even way, should not to suffer have prolonged successto the this guide key find will their to needs, mile"whenever meet it doses of such medicine because teaching. ful necessary. begets unpleasant memories, eventually

causing the boys to absent themselves from rehearsals. boiling point and don't expect any

bond of mutual appreciation become Vary the order of rehearsal promore from the boys than you conmore firm. cedure. Do not overlook an appropritribute. Always be cheerful—be enWhat of the girl? She is very imate sense of humor. Have a special couraging. Pat the boys on the back

portant. Her mind and her soul are musical number by talent outside the occasionally. Keep the rehearsals alive

now in their most receptive and responchorus. Invite an outstanding boy leadfrom beginning to end with interesting

sive moods. She will want to be er to speak for five or ten minutes. events. Be the dynamo which sparks

thought of, and treated, as being Keep your own enthusiasm at the the rehearsal with pulsating life.

"grownup."She will want to be un- --

derstood, trusted, and respected.

In these years of young womanhood she may want someone in whom she can place her sacred confidences. To

whom may she turn? Let us first acknowledge her parents, for to them she

was given, and they are charged by the

Lord with the responsibility of her care. Also, in life's pattern for this

girl, among other leaders, we find her

L.D.S. girl group adviser. This understanding leader, called by the bishop

to do a special work, may strengthen herself and each girl of her group as together they face youth's problems.

ADULT MEMBERS OF AARONIC PRIESTHOOD RECEIVE CONSIDERATION IN LOGAN STAKE

Only four months remain in which Executive Chairman David L. Olsen, his associates on the stake committee, together with ward workers,

to qualify for awards for 1948. Priesthoodplanned andandconductedtheir wives.a mostIn thesuccessfulphoto, wivessocialof forthe approximatelycommittee members375 adultare cooperatingmembers ofin thethe Aaronicmaking; of plans for the outstanding social—another example that "it can be done"when leaders lead.

SEPTEMBER 1948 585 persisted in our family until today there are at least ten women bearing

it.

'T'hese and many more interesting stories from Huntingdonshire mother was a widow named Mary proved to me that genealogy is an interesting study. I went all overGenealogical Work in Smith who lived in Little Paxton

when she married William Squires. the British Isles to nearly every

parish my people had been connected with, and by doing so I beEngland C\n my next pass, therefore, I went to the green villages of Little came acquainted with my ancestors in the are recorded names there I Paxton, and more whose found vDtj Samuel C-. Lkanaier parishes of England and Wales. of I visited Later names my people.

Eynesbury, Buchden, Great GrandSometimes, to further my search

December had come, and England sen, and all the little places along I had to walk at least fifteen miles was being bathed in her usual the River Ouse where my ancestors between towns. Sometimes I hitchcold rains and fog. But the coolhad lived. In each of these towns I hiked on the King's Highway, or

est place on the entire isle was in found more names of my progenirode in every type of vehicle posthe chapel of St. Neots parish Hunttors. sible: old English trains, threeitingdonshire. there Yet was I, a lorries, trucks, tandems, for imagination to wheeled easy It was mysoldier in the States United Army, with loaded and even a bus Gerparish reconstruct various the from

intosat peering a parish of volume I at prisoners. read genealogy man entries lives record the of these

forrecords, searching the of I name had a Cambridge University. people. longdeparted had They about was bornMary Squires, who Society in The Royal of membership of anguish and their moments 1796. I friends of Genealogists, and made happiness. experienced had They

first fingers slowly At moved my in class people with every from in their death housesorrow and next, the one page as but anddown Britain, including and a nobleman tact, their lives holds. In not were

I to colder, finger began grow my for him. the servant worked who different really ours today. from

it until faster, tobegan move passed I relatives In found Wales, who there example, For was Thomasrapidly the Bull, over King, names: still their of that remembered some All said the him, record of Brown. itWright, Longland. Suddenly cousins were American Mormons "Buried was: Brown, an Thomas this over entry:stopped "Mary, of that disgraced one and had them old of the records man."However, ofdaughter William and Mary I the being polygamist. family a by this told that another town me 1792."Squires, 4 bap. September, that also grandmother's found my life of led joy a had Brown Thomas thrill of quiver a in surged new A relatives long been ago had Welsh that related of sorrow. and They it chest, for there was, record amy in lawsuit required involved a which a he had Mary, named woman wed birth the the ofof for Squires Mary their trace to genealogy. This them built they together a had and home I it looking. But, waswhom was all lawsuit, forhowever, but was in of parish the ancient PaxGreat it that, than to leadmore was my the gotten, proceedings were and ton. these Furthermore, Paxton ofthe of ancestors names more my I attic. in old stored an There that records and showed Thomasfor temple could work be whom I result as them, a found and was the parents of a large became Marydone. fifty to able to be names send more family, simple, led that a they and I felt therefore, Immediately, that I for work, cleared temple and

life until disyet year one happy Squires almost a had becomeMary stories of learned romantic more my to grace of the fam- a came memberliving of instead person a remote ancestory.

ily, their leave to they and had mother's pedigree onname my thrilling experience most My start the a up and make home new it thischart. beginning From was

line, this after along however, came in river Eynesbury. to follow her the througheasy next

I had betwenty-five years. There were enThe record of this incident tothe war was over when come a civilian and was able to go totries in the records telling of her gether with the various entries about

best friend's death during the smallthe marriage and deaths of the other the temple and do some of the enfor the ancestors work dowment of daughters and serving Thomas of herpox epidemic, as a sons while found donames I had of whose an interesting study Brownwitness made at her cousin Hannah's marriage to a young curate in the happiness and sorrow out of the one ing genealogy during my stay in

Church of England; of her own entry pertaining to them in the England.

marriage to Joseph Prior, and of her Eynesbury records. Since I have returned home, I

subsequent removal to his home in Mary, the wife of this same have continued my research in the stilla neighboring town. Thomas Brown, was one of the genealogical library, and I am

Yes, Mary Squires became a friend three daughters of Thomas and fascinated by the search for forgotof mine, and the coolness of the Egglentine Dove, who agreed to ten ancestors.

chapel seemed to abate as I traced name a daughter Dove. Thus, Yes, indeed, genealogy is a fasciher line. Her father was William Mary's second daughter was named nating study and hobby. More LatSquires. He was the son of James Dove Brown. From this beginning terday Saints should become interand Mary Burder Squires. Her the odd given name, "Dove,"has ested.

586 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FULLCOAT any afatC cwm -in ONE coat -in ONE day"

FUU.

! pfit

-and no paint could be easier to use!

That's right—a new room—walls and ceiling

ONE coat... in ONE day... quick and easy!.

Fullcoat does it! Twelve modern, cheery "gO'together"

colors. Lasting beauty only real oil paint can give.

Fullcoat gives it! Peach Blossom, Radiant Cream, Camellia,

Coral Glo, Dawn Gray, Tropic Green, Iris Blue, Mellow

Ivory... others! "Go'together""colors go with each

* other... go with your present rugs, drapes,

decorations. Fullcoat—the real oil wall paint;

soft, flat, smooth, beautiful! W. P. Fuller cV Co.

'qo'fageftter'wall colors

Whenever you need a professional painter, Fuller will be glad to help you

SEPTEMBER 1948 OLD L.D.S. ALMANACS

A Wise Choice- {Concluded from page 563) Quick, get the almanac! Yes, this

The pages of this almanac belongDeseret Almanac must have been a ing to President Young are melwelcomed and a muchused book.

lowed but unyellowed by time. On There seems to be no record ofBRIGHAM one page was this item: any almanac published for the years

1856, '57, or '58, and in 1859, a

To Mormon Wives 334 x 5 inch book was published, YOUNG Three things good wives should be like, with the title Almanac. It was still

and not like this: the work of W. W. Phelps, but the

First—Like a snail, neat within her house, page size was smaller than the apAnd not like a snail, carry all upon her proximate 5 x 7}/2 inch size that had UNIVERSITY back.

Second—Like an Echo, speak when prevailed since Deseret Almanac

like an echo, alnumber 2 (for 1852). {The page WHERE COURSES IN 43 DEspoken to,—And not

ways have the last word. size in 1851 was also small.) A

PARTMENTS CAN PREPARE YOU Third—Like a Town Clock, keep time, table in the 1 859 Almanac gave the

But not like a town clock, alarm all theFOR YOUR CHOSEN VOCATION. cubicfoot weight of everything town.

from gold to apple tree wood.

WHERE CHARACTER BUILDING This thirtytwo page booklet was For 1 860, the small Almanac again

THROUGH RELIGIOUS TRAINING indeed something handy to have appeared, and it was noted that

RECEIVES ITS PROPER EMPHASIS. around the house: Storing clothes charcoal boiled in milk appeared as

at the end of the season? There was a homemade remedy.

a handy hint. Writing relatives in The smallsized book also was

September 1 the outlying settlements? There was published for the years 1861, '63,

Applications for admission due a list of Utah post offices and their and '64; but for 1865, the largermasters. Need some salt? The paged Deseret Almanac again came

September 24, 25 almanac said that Charles White from the press. This was the last of

was in the saltmanufacturing busithe oldtime almanacs, which have Personnel tests and orientation item; collector's for the

a curiosity books and for all new freshmen and sophoness,Slade andwereE.in Barrowsthe shoemakingand G.busi-W. becomelovers of agood

mores ness. Just who are the representafor all who revel in the history of

tives in the Territory legislature? the Church.

September 27, 28 m> Registration for all students GRANDMATBE GOOD SAMARITAN September 29 (Continued from page 562) "this is wonderful gingerbread. But

Class instruction begins case she had embroidered in violets I can't figure out why you should go for her mother when she was a little to all this trouble for me! You never

WRITE FOR YOUR CATALOGUE TO girl. She leaned forward again, knew me before today, and I know I

slowly. shouldn't have unburdened myself as

BRIGHAM YOUNG you.""It's good to talk to someone like worries—I have. You"probablyShe lookedhaveawayyour fromown

There was a pause. Grandma Grandma's face to the driving rain

sighed. Curtis studied the girl sat beand who UNIVERSITY first. Now he's fore her. said. she "Yes, yes,""Dickdifferent—everythingwas wonderful at "Now

PROVO, UTAH make yourself right at home. I think is different. Of course he has been

I have some gingerbread in the kitchterribly busy. But I can't make all en. It'll take me only a minute."the concessions—and now it's all

over."The story hurried from her lips, JKuth Rollins watched and for the moment all was quiet.

her go through the door and then Ruth's mind ran in futile circles. The

stood up. A somewhat faded marhappenings of the day passed in

riage license hung above the horseEVERY DAY hair sofa. There was a picture of kaleidoscopicfew hours agoviewshe beforehad sather.beforeA

Curtis and her husband on of the YEAR Grandma her mirror dressing to go out. It was

their fiftieth anniversary. wedding

that then Fifty years of married life! Well, of

easy. it wasn't

it course, like that. could happen The little jewel case containing her

light of happiness genuine COVEYS The she made her decision, and on diamond engagement ring and wrist their faces held her—until the tears watch had lain there on the dressing

threatened. leaned She over MAIN 534 SOUTH and table. She remembered how she had McKEAN, MCI. IEX patted the little as dog Grandma

PAona 3f70& Curtis returned. swallowed hard and choked back a

Salt Lake City..l, Utah sob when she reached for the ring

"You know,"Ruth Rollins said, (Concluded on page 590) 588 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA f Faster, Better, Easier Farming

PLOWING PLANTING

Lju

.. z&Pfi3SBHSH8

Formall TouchControl on this Farmall Super-A tractor lowers and This planter, forwardmounted on a Farmall C tractor, is easily raises the plow bottom and separately adjusts the drawbar height raised by TouchControl. Planting depth may be similarly conto change the depth of plowing. trolled.

THE MOST IMPORTANT IMPROVEMENT

IN FARMALL FARMING SINCE 1923!

You will never have to tug and strain to adjust the implements on Farmalls Super-A, C, and Cub tractors. A "fingertip touch"on the Farmall

TouchControl lever instantly starts a powerful hydraulic system working for you.

You'll like TouchControl's twoway action—

so sure—so powerful. Its selective power will

raise, lower, hold, or force down the implements.

Your friendly International Harvester dealer will be glad to tell you the full story about

Farmall TouchControl and how it fits into approved soil conservation programs.

INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER COMPANY 180 North Michigan Avenue Chicago 1, Illinois

Listen to James Melton on "Harvest of Stars"

Every Wednesday Night, CBS

Front and rear cultivator units or left and right sections on this

Farmall C may be lifted independently or their depth adjusted by Farmall TouchControl. InIHTEHKATIOIjm,

Outy International Harvester builds FARMALLS

SEPTEMBER 1948 589

GRANDMA—THE GOOD SAMARITAN clock"I onmustthe bemantelgoing,"struckRuththree. an-

{Concluded from page 588) thought a long time before I gave up nounced. A bright young smile she

and slid it slowly into place above the idea for Jim—he was my hushadn't seen before caught Grandher wedding ring, and clasped the band."ma's attention.

watch on her arm. These were Ruth Rollins looked up. There "This room—I'm going to call it

Dick's gifts. She would take them was a twinkle in Grandma's blue the 'Enchanted Room,'"she went

with her. They belonged to her. The eyes. She said, "We were a couple on. "I slipped in here just to get out

two bags harboring her personal efof modern kids for those days. We of the rain, and what a wonderful

fects were packed waiting, didn't get along at first. People said visit I've had."She stood up. "Now

Ruth gazed abstractly at the two we both had minds of our own. I I must run back—I want to unpack

rings on her finger, and tried to cover guess we were both pretty stubborn. before Dick gets home."

her confusion by asking if there was But we were married more than fifty Grandma Curtis smiled. "Come

a telephone near. years. The longer we lived together, again,"she pleaded. "I miss young

Grandma Curtis'face was exthe more we seemed to care for each folks. I'm really a young person still,

pressionless. She seemed to hesitate other. We had a lot of good times you know."Her laugh was merry.

as she said, "I see. Yes. Yes, I see."together."Grandma paused, and Her eyes twinkled. Ruth laughed

She turned to an old family album on then went on with her. At the door she touched

the table by her chair. "Maybe I shouldn't say it, but her fingers to her lips and blew

"I was looking at these just before when Jim passed away, most of my Grandma a kiss. Grandma watched

you came in,"she pointed to a photolife went, too."her go, hurrying toward home. Then

graph of a woman wearing bulging From the back of the album she she turned and spoke to the little dog sleeves. "Would you ever guess that brought forth scenes of places again.

to be me? I was the belle of our little abroad, summer vacations at the "Well, Pal—I do believe I'm good

village, then. They said I was pretbeach with children, and happy for something. I do believe I helped

ty."She sighed, then laughed. "I events of later years. A single tear that poor young thing. She was tertook home a prize from the county dropped on the open page. Ruth ribly upset about something. I

fair for being the prettiest girl once. hoped it wasn't noticed. For a long wanted to comfort her. I wonder

I could sing very well, too. They said time the two sat by the open album, what the trouble was. Deaf folk

I would have quite a career. I busy with their own thoughts. The miss such a lot, Pal."

i m

AN ANGEL FROM ON HIGH that the young prophet was taught the severe lesson that he must heed (Concluded from page 557) power to retain it, until the time for it to be translated."the word of the Lord and accomplish

be instructed by a resurrected perthe work he had been called to do.

sonage direct from the presence of No more is heard of Moroni until

God! Martin Harris was given the 116 As translation was again resumed,

What feelings must have surged pages of manuscript Joseph had the persecutions became more through Joseph as he approached translated from Mormon's abridgintense in Harmony Township, and the hill on the morning of Septemment of the large plates of it was thought advisable to move to ber 22, 1827, and found the holy Nephi, Martin had received relucthe home of Peter Whitmer in messenger waiting there to meet tant permission to take the tranFayette Township to continue the him! This was the ninth time Moscribed manuscript, but at the same work. At this time the plates were

roni had met with Joseph, and this time the pages were turned over to wrapped up, and Moroni took them was the day the plates were to be him, Moroni returned and took from into his custody until Joseph and at their destinahad arrived Joseph and the Urim and Oliver Thummimgiven years him. over to long Four

1* tion. There, in a garden a little way record. the sacred When Martin first since elapsed angel the aphad

from home, Moroni the Whitmer lost the pages, 116 Joseph plates returned the once to the morepeared—four years of tutoring and ferventlyHarris in prayer, the sought Lord

direction by a heavenly being! and Moroni was permitted to return Prophet."

As Moroni delivered the plates to the Urim and Thummim to Joseph, Just before the translation was

Joseph, he uttered these words of and through these sacred instrucompleted, Moroni appeared to the counsel and warning: ments Joseph received a revelation three witnesses in a grove near the

in the form of a severe reprimand Whitmer home and there showed

Now you have got the Record in your for his negligence. 15 He was frankthe gold plates to David Whitmer,

own hands, and you are but a man, therely told that the Lord's plans would Oliver Cowdery, and Martin Harfore will to and watchful have be you ris. frustrated. not be

trust, will faithful overto be your or you When the translation was findays after this revelation few will for laypowered they men; wicked by A

every plan and scheme that is possible to Moroni again appeared and reished, Moroni returned and took the get it away from you, and if you do not turned the Urim and Thummim and plates into his keeping. The history

continually, will succeed.take they heed record preserve helped had and the gold plates to Joseph. So it was he

I could keep it, it wasWhile in my hands, generadelivered to a been had new to take had powerand it away! no man Smith. History uLucy of in the the Prophet Joseph, chaption of times. fulness 110 p. XXII, it I give you.but Beware, and ter up to now

Ill "Roberts, op. cit., p.

shall well tolook and your ways, have you 3 C. ieRoberts, & op. D. cit.. p. 124

590 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA J/Lt JLong JLast

o/rie (greatest I tovel of j/Lll cJtmes will be ready

NOVEMBER 14th THE BIG FISHERMAN By LLDYD C. DOUGLAS

Author of "The Robe"

In the history of American publishing, few events have been so eagerly awaited as the publication of THE

BIG FISHERMAN. It can now be announced that Lloyd Douglas's greatest work is near completion, and will appear in the fall of 1948, just six years after the publication of "The Robe."

THE BIG FISHERMAN is the story of Simon called Peter, the most lovable and human of the disciples, who laid down his fishing nets on the Sea of Galilee to follow Jesus to Gethsemane and then to deny him, yet later to become the greatest of the first leaders and teachers of Christianity.

In "The Robe,"Lloyd C. Douglas began his story in 37 A.D. The story was told in retrospect. The reader followed Marcellus through the reconstruction of the life and spirit of Jesus. THE BIG FISHERMAN begins in 30 A.D.

and many of the principal characters of the book are the characters of the Passion Story, illuminated by one of our greatest storytellers.

These were the years when the clanking armor of the Roman Soldier was heard everywhere; the land was a

polyglot of warring peoples through which was heard the voice of Jesus. Lloyd Douglas has drawn on all these

people for his characters.

In THE BIG FISHERMAN, we have the characters walking, talking and reacting as people. Jesus, Peter, John,

Caiaphas, Antipas, Pilate and others. They move, react, doubt, and believe as people do everywhere.

THE BIG FISHERMAN will probably reach the hearts of more people than any book ever published in the

United States. It is a novelization of the greatest story in our culture. Only the man who wrote "The Robe"could

have written THE BIG FISHERMAN.

Published November 14th

$3.75

J/ltteritton {Book (collectors cJhts is a cytrst ibattion

Sena in Ljour Kyraer flow DESERET BOOK COMPANY "EDUCATION LIVES AS LONG AS YOU READ GOOD BOOKS"44 East South Temple Street Salt Lake City 10, Utah

Please send me copies "THE BIG FISHERMAN"by Lloyd C. Douglas. $3.75; Postage.10

"The Robe"regular edition $3.00. Illustrated Gift Edition $5.00, add $.10 for postage.

Herewith I send $.. *

Name Address *Add 2% sales tax in Utah.

SEPTEMBER 1948 591 MISTER FIVE BY FIVE (Continued from page 565) ticularly perfect specimen—you lem immeasurably. The "cook"will

greater than the "perfection"we know, a "standin"for Cary Grant be on your side and not make tempdesire. Compensation is one of naor Gregory Peck—and you feel like tations too great. Perhaps, too, you

ture's great laws. A doctor listencreeping into a corner and quickly can persuade her to keep a little

ing to a damaged heart will somedying, just think to yourself: really highclass nibbling food

times say, "It seems to be pretty "I'll bet he's got a birthmark as such as celery and apples (not too well compensated"—meaning that big as a map all over his chest."many, please) around to take the

some adjustment has been made Of course he hasn't (maybe), but place of candy and cookies you within the heart itself to handle the it will strike you as very funny and crave. Then if you can stretch yourdamage. remind you that he has something, self in physical activity—bicycling, A very wise young man once somewhere, and you'll relax and be basketball, gardening—it will lessen

counseled another young man to yourself. What more can you ask the girth and make the most of your

marry a certain tall girl because, he for? And when you see a girl who potential height. And watch those

said, she had been at a disadvantage is overpoweringly beautiful, just redepartment store reflections slim most of her life and had had to demind yourself that, undoubtedly, down! And seek the help of your

velop attractive qualities—other her second toe is much too long and Heavenly Father, too. He's on your

than cuteness—in order to hold her under her curls her ears don't lie side—anxious to bolster your deterown. She had developed great kindflat—and who cares? Not you! Ask mination and give you the necesvaluable yourself, too. compensavery Dig on to work Getnessment—alland considerations and merriher for that date. sary strength. As for your particular compensatallness. talents unusualtions for her out develop them. and your

A cripple I know has developed Study hard and give your brains a tions—keep your eyes open and

truly remarkable compensations. chance. Get some expert assistance look for them. Don't press them too

She is a great "raconteur."She on diet and go on a "staunchy."* hard. Most fat people have a terknows more about bird life and inTry to be consistent about this. You rific urge to compensate by being

sect life than most people who are can't starve one week and stuff the funny. That's much better than be-

"on the move."She knows much next. You must have a balanced ing morose, but you shouldn't overmore about music than she would diet, adequate for your years and do it. Don't give way to playing the

ever, probably, have found time for activities. If you'll get going now constant clown. It does you no perin a normal life and far more about while you are young enough to have manent good, and it robs others of

their share at the spotlight. But keepher religion—which helps her to strong incentives and while it is

place life in its true perspective relatively easy to build good habits, quickwitted and goodhumored.

against the eternities. it will help you all of your life. And Watch for your special gifts and

And several short men I know later, when you are older and incentalents. Perhaps you have a special

have been so "long"on other outtives are weak and habits someflair for writing. It's a good comstanding qualities that they have what fixed, you will bless yourself pensation. Perhaps you are the felmanaged to win the love of some of for today's effort. low that holds the family steady

when others "blow up."If so, you'rethe most attractive girls in the land Another thing—don't imagine for

a loved and valued member and—even though these mates usually one moment that you can do this

wear "flats"to help out the situa- "kinda stiff job"all by yourself. good material for future home buildtion. A knowledge of the laws of Have a good heartto-heart talk ing. Try to do your full part—in

fun. and work your contribuMake build faith to helpscompensation brothers, with your family—parents, tion, the will compensation and of acceptance cheerfulness Enlist their help. andand and sisters. Famour lot. ilies can help out on the eating probcome easily, fully, and naturally.

But don't expect special com- *A stern, unbreakable, staunch diet is known by for And now for the specific suggessome youngsters as a "staunchy."pensations for being fat—just

tions. They grow out of the being short. You've already had

point of view. Everyone has imperyour compensation for being fat in

fections. Each one is worrying the pleasure of eating. And what a SHARED SECRET gay deceiver that one is. See thatabout his own. You don't always

know what the other fellow's frailBy Elaine V. Emans you spot a real compensation when

it.ties are but, whether you know or rpHERE is a word synonymous with sumnext you see

little cannot, more everything adyou do A *- mer; advice—giving

is a taste remembered There in the mouth is vice a great build atto or her can him temptation—it ease—topossibly wintertime of Through and barrenness

it on. forrun will help on and But I want to say you tohim drouth putup—and

get your own defects. It will help By resident, and thrilled to by newcomer; one more thing. Ask for that date.

others to forget them too. This is There is a vivid dye that stains the fingers True you'll never be turned down

quite true, and you will find it very And vinesknees of him who creeps among the if you never ask, but you'll never be workable but, in a way, it's "old For hours, unmindful how the great sun accepted either. Maybe she will say,

shines; "No."Never mind. I hope she willstuff."So I'm going to give you

There is a fragrance in the air that lingers something, too, which may be a little Long as the season lasts. What is the word, say, "Yes,"but I've seen some very

in case you need it. The The taste, the crimson color, lovely smell? unsatisfactory friendships fritternew—just

girl didn't want tonext time you're up against the comOne wellneed not say the answer, known so along because a petition of what looks like a parTo man and boy and butterfly and bird! hurt a young man's feelings with a

592 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

good firm "no"at the right time. I

hope that the time will come when a

if—orgirl canevensay before"no* afterthe a firstdate oronetwoshe's sure about it—with no hard

feelings and no friends lost. If she HEADQUARTERSsays "no"the first time, don't be

afraid to try again. She may change

her mind or circumstances may be FOR different another time. If she says

"no"two or three times, give up the idea and try elsewhere. You're a

nice, sensible person, but you're nodoormat! Just be gracious and matEverything

terof-fact about the whole business.

She isn't the right one. For the

datingpresent, double keep your or... ittriple or group. all seem It makes MUSICAL

much easier and more casual and less important, and you are vouched for by all of your friends and all of hers.

And don't take it all too hard.

One of the best definitions for poise

I ever heard was resiliency. Every

boy and girl should keep moderately sensitive. Life isn't worth much

if our hearts are blunted or hardened. We need fine feelings to understand pain and joy and sorrow

and love, but we should have a resilient core in our senses that keeps us forever bouncing back to vigorous uprightness—to selfrespect—tothe knowledge that each of us—individually—is a valued child of our

Heavenly Father—important in his

plans and purposes. Good luck,

"Mister Five."I like you.

Lyle Bowen and his MARTIN Dick Epperson and his New

Tenor Saxophone Drum Set Ye Who Are Called to Labor it marches (Continued from page 564) Will your youngster be in the school band when whiskey to drink. Then they gathon the field this fall? If not, he will not only miss a lot of fun,

ered around her bed and kneeled in but a lot of valuable training, too. The ability to play music

prayer, while Jacob pleaded with

God to be merciful to her and ease will prove a valuable asset all through life. Give that boy

her suffering. or girl the best possible start with a fine instrument chosen from

Through the long afternoon the our complete line of famous band and orchestra instruments women remained gathered under the... priced reasonably on terms you can afford to pay.

willow shed outside. It was too close

and warm in the room for more than one or two at a time. Why did this WRITE FOR FULL INFORMATION

have to happen? Why to Maria, of

all people? They reminded each FIRST OF ALLRELIABILITY

other that only yesterday she had washed her long hair in oose suds and sat out in the sun while it dried, and they had all admired its naturalcurliness and its sheen; it seemed to 4547 a tines

catch the sunlight in its waves.

Maria always seemed so happy. MAIN t

They could hear her singing about her work, especially during the last SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH few months, and they remembered (Continued on page 594) SEPTEMBER 1948 593 YE WHO ARE CALLED TO LABOR {Continued from page 593) "We have decided to dedicate for Maria now; it was Thales who

how her miniature accordion ( Fluher to the Lord,"he said. "Will you needed sympathy; and the girls who

tina, she called it) had filled their all unite with us inside? Brother would miss her cheerfulness and the

evenings with music. She would Leavitt and Brother Knight, you will uplift of her song.

come out here under this shed and assist."In the meantime, Sister Judd had

strike up a familiar tune, and in a They all knelt around the bed, dressed the tiny baby in the pretty few minutes everyone in the fort while Jacob and his two counselors little dress which Maria had worked would gather around and would placed their hands on her head. at all spring and which was to have

have a regular sing. Now, without Jacob prayed, talking directly to been its christening dress. Then she

any warning, this! God in simple, straightforward felt that she must do something

In a few hours her fever rose. She terms. about the casket. That bare box

tossed in delirium; she talked; she "Thou knowest her condition, O looked too cheerless to hold so radisang. All through the night the sisLord. Thou knowest her faith and ant a girl as Maria. So she took the

ters stayed, changing the hot turher trust in thee. Now we ask thee piece of fine white cloth which she

pentine packs to draw out the poito release her from her suffering and had been saving for her own coming son, moving about quietly by the take her home. We ask thee to be baby's best dress and the piece of

light of the candle, putting damp merciful to her. We dedicate her lace and arranged them as far

cloths on her forehead to ease the into thy hands, and ask that she around the head of the coffin as they fever. shall pass quietly and peacefully would go, since there was not

and that her suffering be not proenough to line it all around.Just before daylight, Thales arlonged—The late afternoon sun was still

rived, a haggard, griefstricken During the prayer she became warm on the backs of the sad little man. He had worked since daylight quiet. Her labored breath came procession that moved from Thales'

the day before, received word of the regularly, but she no longer cried or house to the meeting room in the accident in the late evening, and ridmoaned, and in less than an hour corner of the fort. Four of the

den all night. He kneeled by her she died. brethren carried the casket, which

bed, took her hand and spoke. For rested on two peeled willow poles,

a brief instant she opened her eyes 'T'he women, who had so stoically while the others followed by twos.

with the light of recognition in them, controlled their tears before, No flowers—nothing to relieve the

then she began to moan and toss. now wept bitterly. Caroline Knight, stark, barren reality of it all! The

Rachel persuaded Thales to come especially, could not be reconciled, casket was set on sawhorses at the away long enough to have a refreshfor Maria had been her closest and head of the room; the people sat on

ing drink. Without comment she dearest friend. ( Many, many years the backless benches made of boards

handed him a washbasin of water later, when she was an old lady, she across sections of cottonwood logs.

and a towel. He could better face still insisted that she wanted to be Jacob Hamblin presided.

what he had before him if he freshburied by the side of Maria WoodHardest of all was the singing.

ened up a bit. bury Haskell.) They could not forget how Maria's

For two days Maria lingered, But there was little time for tears. voice had always led the hymns besometimes with her mind clear and In June, with no ice, and after the fore, but they tried to crowd back

bright, sometimes heavy with fever. type of injury, they knew that they their tears and make their taut

Then pains began which indicated must lose no time in burying the throats sing, "O My Father"and, that her baby would be born prebody; they could not even wait unafter the prayer, "Till the Resurrecmaturely. This was something til the next morning. tion Day."Two of the brethren ofwhich they knew more about, when Some of the brethren had taken fered comfort to the benumbed husit was normal, but under the condithe planks out of the bottom of a band with the assurance that he

tions it was something to dread and wagon box and had already begun should have his wife again in a betfear. It was as if every woman of work on the coffin. While the men ter world.

them was sharing the suffering, so finished it, the women washed the After the closing prayer, the lid concerned were they and so eager body and clothed it in the wedding was removed from the casket, and to do something, and so helpless. dress that was only a little more the audience passed before it for a

At last it was born, a mite of six than a year old. As Rachel wound last view of their neighbor and

months but perfect in every detail the long braids in a coronet around friend. Thales looked at her long,

only dead. By this time, they all Maria's head, she thought how cool his face working and tears streamknew what they had dreaded from and clean she looked. Little rivulets ing down his cheeks. She lay so

the first. One or another of the of perspiration trickled down her still and white, with the wee baby

women kept a folded newspaper own forehead; her clothes clung nestled in her arm—all his hopes

fanning across the bed, for with the damply to her. She didn't want to and his dreams gone. The chalky,

door and window both on the same envy Maria, but at least she had a drawn face with the purple streak side of the room, there was little bath and clean clothes and was out along the neck did not seem like the chance for the air to circulate. of the heat and the flies, and free Maria of a few days ago. Only the

Jacob called Thales aside and from the work that was too'heavy crown of her braids and the little talked seriously to him for a few for her small body and the existence curling tendrils about her face minutes. At his wordless nod, Jacob too barren of beauty for her beautyseemed natural. He picked up one

came back to the group. loving soul. Rachel could not grieve (Continued on page 596)

594 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Performs Qredt* To keep your car going great That means your engine's fine-... make a date to OILPLATE finished metal surfaces are extrawith Conoco Ntb Motor Oil protected from corrosive com-

A special, added ingredient bustion acids... from destrucin N'* oil (Patented) fastens tive "dry"friction starts. You're

extra lubricant magnetlike to extraprotected, too, from poweryour engine's working parts. So clogging sludge and carbon.

strongly is this extra film atFor great performance, fulltached to cylinder walls, it won't time protection, more miles per all drain down, even overnight! quart, make a date for...

...M OILPLATE

Copyright 1948, Continental Oil Company

SEPTEMBER 1948 595 THERE IS A GOOD REASON WHY Ye Who Are Called to labor (Continued from page 594) OVER the coffin end of lid and motioned for Jacob to help him replace it.

As they stood around the lonely in the sand of the knoll north One Hundred grave of the fort, two Indian boys hurried

Fifty pleted,up to Jacob.and BrotherThe moundJudd waswas placcom-

L. D. S. BISHOPS ingJacob,thewithoutboard markerexplanation,in placeaskedwhento

hurried with away could HAVE CHOSEN FOR THEIR CHAPELS bethe excusedIndians.andWhat be

the beautiful music of the trouble, Rachel wondered. Somethe

thing must be wrong to have Jacob leave so suddenly. Hammond Organ 'HE people went back to the fort,

to play 1—Very easy

so much 2—Costs less to buy amongall thebut treesThales,up thewhocreekwalkedbot- 3—Upkeep is very little tom. He just had to get away for a 4—Takes up very little space and is so easy to install while, anywhere so that he could be

5—Never gets out of tune alone. Rachel watched and waited,

Visit our store during Conference and but Jacob did not come. The chores

see and hear it for yourself! were done and the children at supper, when she walked outside to see

if she could see him. Yes, there he

was, black against the Co. Glen Bros. last red of Music the MAIN 74 SOUTH sunset, silhouetted against the sky

like a picture, and at his feet the forms of Indians, almost as if they were kneeling. She watched a

minute and then went back into the

Be a Magician in your kitchen house, her mind troubled. Jacob

with this NEW hadn'the wasseemedjust tostanding,be talkingandto them;they

seemed to be in suppliance at his ---.-; feet. MORNING

The supper was over and the children in bed and asleep before Jacob finally came in. Rachel looked up

from her knitting, her fingers sure in

a. into RECIPE chair,the dimhislight.head Hein droppedhis hands, unmindful of the food which she set on

was deeply troubled. FREE At Your Grocers the table. She could sense that he

"I guess Tutsegavit is right,"he

No matter which cream pie your family likes best—cocoanut, said at last. "He must be right. He

stopped me at the gate as I came in. butterscotch, raspberry or any of the 10 favorites—

'My people cannot be good,'he said. 'We only Piutes. Some day

our children will be good—mebbe. We only Piutes.'I guess he is MAKE KINDS OF PIE with f( RECIPE right."

I 10fEnd it's so easy, so economical, too, you'tl want to serve Rachel knew that this was only cream pies often—and listen to your family cheer! Ask your the beginning. She knitted on in

restgrocer for the NEW Morning Milk Magic Cream Pie recipesilence.lessly backHe roseand andforthwalkedacross the

awaiting you now—FREE. room.

"You know the Indian boys that came for me at the close of the fuExtra-Smooth, DoubleRich neral—well, they came to tell me

that some braves had caught a Moapats woman and were going to853 MORNING MILK burn her to death. I hurried, but I

596 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

was too late—"Jacob shuddered.

"It was terrible! Terrible! Some

other boys stopped me before I got there. I was too late, they said, and

it would make me sick. It was notgood to see—"With a hard, short

laugh, he dropped into the chair again. "Well, I started back,"he went on after a pause. "The braves heard

that I knew, so they came to catch me. They knew that I would not

like it. They were afraid that I

would be angry. It was almost pitiful to hear them try to explain how

they HAD to do it. They were honor bound. The Moapats had killed

two of their men, they said, so they must kill the first Moapats that they caught. And it happened to be a

woman. And they tortured and

burned her."

Again Jacob's head dropped, and his whole body shook.

"I tell you, Rachel,"he said at last. "I never felt such a failure in

all my life before. We come here p* For top gasoline perto help civilize the Indians, and look

what happens. We fight this desert formance use Vico's teamand struggle to live here. For more mate - Pep 88.

than two years I have done nothing but try to teach the Indians. And l> Three other brands of motor oil -

what good has it done! Maria HasQuaker State, Permalube, Arrow - each tops in its class. \

kell killed right in her own home! Of

course the boy insists that it was an j> Drive in wherever you see the Utoco or VicoPep 88 sign for accident, and I think it was. But superior service and products.

just the same, she is dead. And then

a deed as barbarous as any that was ever done in all their savage history!

A lot of good my teaching has done!""But you must remember that Pep 88 Regular Pep 88 Ethyl they have many, many centuries beGasoline Gasoline hind them,"Rachel reminded him.

"Two years is not enough to make much difference. They are bound to Vico

revert to their own customs. But Quaker State

they some improvement. have made

Arrow Atlas Product! they have. You know As for us—it Perrnalube

is our call. It is our mission. We

can only do our best, and we have done that. The Lord does not exthat. of than pect us more Come

long, day. Begin with the first chapter a hard been it has now,

Go to bed. I must set the salt risin'

before I come."took off his shoes, he heard THE FORT ON THE FIRING LINE As he

her humming softly the familiar By Albert R. Lyman

hymn, "Ye who are called to labor, and minister for God,"and into his heart came quietness and peace. He October "Improvement Era"

was called, he knew; but her mission was a call, too. So long as she 12 issues $2.50

would not fail him, he need not fail the Lord.

SEPTEMBER 1948 597 BUILDING SPIRITUALITY THROUGH RECREATION {Concluded from page 555) Behold... the thing which will be

that people, this repentance declare unto attractive chants filth more madeJhSL cause the tobacco and liquor merof the most worth unto you will be to 15: (D. bring souls unto me. & C. may the than workers Church made you

righteousness to appear. 6.)

Mutuals offer you a wonderGood recreation is one of the bestDESERET The ful recreation program. Use it. If means you can adopt by which to

you do, you will see that it will build cry repentance unto the youth ofNEWS up the spirituality of your young Zion. Remember that most young

people and keep them out of undepeople who get into trouble do so sirable places, and it will make them during their leisure time. They oftenPRESS strong in resisting the evils of the take the wrong step, thinking it is a

world. Use the program that is ofform of recreation.

fered to you, remembering that the The older people of the Church,

COMMERCIAL worthof God,of andsoulsthatis greatyou arein thecalledsightto andthe opportunityespecially M.I.A.of standingleaders,athavethe

AND EDITION crythinkrepentanceother thingsto thisarepeople.more imporIf you crossroads.our young peopleThe formchooseof mayrecreationeither

PRINTERS AND tant,gave rememberto the Prophetthe wordsJosephthe SmithLord vation,mean theirand destructionyou are calledor theirby salthe

BOOK BINDERS evenized: before the Church was organright.Almighty to help them choose the

PAPER RULING

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN {Concluded from page 583) the drys, of which they have won three ernmentprotected education for intemperout in of every T. Kettering, five.—R.

Christian Science Monitor,J-rofeMional ance. May 11,

4. for legislation in state every We call 1948.

the to their permit to protect people own and Social environment by voting out the liquor traffic in any political subdivision. What the Figures Show

5. We recommend that the first Sunday

the practice Following of recent in Lent each year of the next quadrenniumS>tatiuonehf publish in the Septemwe again designated be as Commitment Day, when years

Methodists will be urged to assert emphatiber issue of the Era the following data, cally their strong stand against liquor in all obtained from the State Tax Commisits forms, abstinence and to sign fiscal sion comthe 29 RICHARDS STREET mitments.of years 1 to 30, June ofindicated—Julysales in Utah during 6. in the retention the recommend We respectively.

Discipline of Paragraphs 235 and 236 of PHONE 4-5521 the 1944 Discipline, which relate to the organization of temperance education in the Paid for 1947 1948 local church and the presentation annually Cigarets $ 7,705,137 $ 8,241,414 of the temperance cause. Beer 13,606,917 13,400,184

7. We recommend the establishment of a Hard liquors.... 13,402,669 12,949,369

joint Committee on Temperance Education, composed of representatives of the Board of Totals $34,714,723 $34,590,967

Temperance, the Board of Education and the Consumption Division of Christian ServEstimated Woman's Nothing ice. per capita This action is desired and recom72.45 pkgs. pkgs. Cigarets 69 the of involved. mended Boards by both

gals. 13.4 can take the 8. In line gals. 12.88 the with request to the General Beer

Place of a ConferenceChurch Extension,by the Boardand alsoof byMissionsthe Boardand Estimated Cost of Education, for permission to organize per capita the new Boards in the fall of 1948, rather Cigarets $12.13 $12.68 BIBLE than in the summer, we respectfully memoBeer $21.43 $20.62

rialize the General Conference to fix NoHard liquors $19.91 $19.92

vember 16, 1948, as the date for the organization of the new Board of TemperTotals $53.47 $53.22

ance. The Voice, June 1948.

The above figures do not include

Dry By Local Option sales by the United States Government

Agencies.

There is more dry territory in our Population as estimated by the BuNational bibles country today than there was before reau of Vital Statistics was 635,000

Since IH63 At Your Bookstore prohibition. This is due to the success June 30, 1947, and 650,000 December

of recent local option campaigns by 31, 1947.

598 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

i;.;':.;.'.''..: ':.- --M:.-:--:: "."''.;.... '".:...,.:;

Honesty in Ideas BE SURE TO HEAR THE (Concluded from page 561 We should begin to find new BEFORE BUYING AN Gfycmways of expressing our ideas—after

we have had the courage to think enough to get ideas. We have also

an opportunity to learn new words with which the better to express 'feat*'ourselves. The dictionary and the

thesaurus are useful tools to help us increase our command over words. Our response to life will THEN DECIDE

help us in the way that we put them together. No one but a General

Patton would probably think of saying that men are like a string of spaghetti; get behind them and push

and they all wad up; but get ahead

and pull, and they all follow after.

As we increase our vocabularies, we shall find that we increase our power to think. And as we increase

our own power to think, we shall decrease the temptation to use other people's ideas for our own, and we shall find increased zest in being original and in thinking for ourselves. rfmenlca't 'pttte&t electronic OiyaK

The CONNSONATA is unlike any other organ you've ever heard, electric or electronic! It occupies only a few cubic

feet of space and can be easily and quickly installed in any church without structural changes... and it costs only a

SCOUTING SERVES TEE CHURCH fraction of the price of a pipe organ of comparable musical

Write today for illustrated, resources! Your dealer will cheerfully arrange a private

literature and for your demonstration organ committee. No obligation.

of nearest your descriptivename L. WirdilinJoseph dealer, Connsonata who G. LTD. DIVISION CONN OF C will arrange a demonstraIND. ELKHART, DEPT. 933, tion oblifor you, without (Continued from page 559) gation.

profanity be looked upon as one of those things which take young peoThe Connsonata is a development of the Sound and Electronic Researchple—and old ones as well—down Laboratories of C.G.Conn Ltd., for over 70 years specialists in musical tone

the path of disgrace.

Scouting can make a great contribution toward the matter of choosing the right words and elimiEXCLUSIVE UTAH DISTRIBUTORS nating profanity. I do not know that OF

I have ever heard a Scout use a profane word. But there is a tendency toward profanity on the part

of older people and sometimes when young people are in that environment they just naturally acquire AMERICA'S FINEST profane words. ELECTRONIC ORGAN

One of the finest contributions of See Us During Your Conference Visit scouting to the boys'program of the

Church is the matter of taking up For:

leisureWe time.live on a farm in Murray. FREE CONNSONATA DEMONSTRATION

Two years ago one of our fine boys Additional organ information from the city came out. He stayed

with us two or three days and finalAdvice on all Home or Church Music needs.

ly Sister Wirthlin said, "Well, now,

I think you had better ask him if he does not want to go home. His ftwqers&n s

parents may be expecting him."

I asked him the question, "Would 259 South State SALT LAKE CITY you like to ride into the city with me (Continued on page 600) SEPTEMBER 1948 599 SCOUTING SERVES THE CHURCH

Joseph L. Wirthlin

(Continued from page 599) this morning?"He said, "No, I

tnergY would not, Brother Wirthlin."Wore food I said, "This matter of harvesting

corn is hard work, and I do not know whether or not you are used to it."He replied, "Brother Wirthlin, I would rather stay out here and

Many mothers make Royal harvest corn or do anything else

Table Queen Bread an important than to go into the city and stand food for their children. It supplies around and hold my hands."That

vitamins, iron and proteins is rather a pathetic story, but a true which all children need in one, of standing around during his abundance. In every slice of I leisure hours and "holding his

Royal Bread you get the good \ hands."

substantial food value that It is a grand thing to know that in everyone needs every day. this Church program for boys we

have the scouting program which takes up their leisure time and puts their hands to work. That is one of

the grand and glorious things about it all. I do not think that any young

man ever got into difficulty only because of the fact that his mind and his hands had nothing to do—I am

sure of that. And so, we expect

that out of this program every boy shall have his leisure time taken up in some worthwhile project.

I have two sons who are Eagle Scouts, and a third one who is just beginning his scouting career. It

does not matter what we are doing at night time, this young fellow has his Scout book out or he is doing something in connection with one of his scouting projects. He is interested, and has a Scout leader who is

interested in him. And so, leisure

time is being handled by the Scout program in a most commendable manner.

One of the fine achievements that stand to come out of this program, and we expect it, is that boys shall be trained to use their hands. As a

DAIRY BARN EQUIPMENT boy is taught to use his hands in his Reliable manufacturer of cow stalls, IPSE for OVER FIFTY YEARS early years, and as he becomes litter carriers, stanchions, hay carAids in treatment of Canker, simple older, that training and experience riers, water bowls, and complete line of ventilation desires farmers sore throat and other minor mouth will be most profitable to him reto send in their requirements for and throat irritations. gardless of what line of business or

estimates. years experiOver 30

ence in equipping dairy endeavor he follows. modern

barns. Agents wanted. Simplex I recall some time ago I was Inc., Marshfield, Wisconsin, Dept. HALL'S REMEDY

64. Salt Lake City, Utah working with a rope. I wanted to

get it tied, and as I have never had any training in tying knots, my twelveyear-old son came up and

Read each issue of said, "Dad, let me show you the kind of knot you need and let me THE IMPROVEMENT ERA show you how to tie it."And he did 12 issues $2.50

just that. 600 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A boy called me up about six months ago saying, "Brother Wirthlin, I am ready to take my examination on my beef production project. May I come over and see

you?"That was the first time in myexperience that I had ever been NOW

asked to give a Scout an examination in anything. But I have been

interested in beef production business practically all my life, and I thought to myself, "Here is an opportunity to see whether or not scouting actually teaches a boy enough of the fundamentals of beef production so that he could go into business and be successful.''The

lad came over. I questioned him

closely and discovered that boy did not only understand all of the fundamentals of beef production but, in the practical application of what he had learned, he had produced two very fine cattle and received a high price for them. That experience impressed me very much.

I am sure all of these merit badge projects have in them the elementsthat go for ultimate success in prac-—in Bennett's Paint you

tically any endeavor that any boy can find exactly the wishes to enter into. color you want for use

on any surface Out of this great scouting prointerior or exterior.

gram, we expect a great spiritual uplift to come as a Scout is taught to be reverent, to be prayerful, to be sweet and clean in his life. And we

expect the best kind of citizenship, ANY COLOR YOU WANTloyalty, and devotion to government. RIGHT ACROSS THE COUNTER

We expect out of the boy's embracAND ITS THE SAME COLOR—

ing the priesthood and Scout work, a Sv&ty *7i<Hef program for the boys of the Church as a whole, a future Melchizedek 65 West First South

Priesthood out of which there will Salt Lake Citycome apostles, prophets, stake presiBENNETT'S dents, and bishops—-the men of to-... and at Bennett's Branches and Dealers

morrow who will take over the leadin Utah and Idaho ership of this great Church and help the Lord in consummating his plans.

And the same is equally true of the nation. We hope, out of this boys'Meet the inimitable characters

program, to have available to the who battled nature and renegades in southern Utah and fine, sweet, pure young women of northern Arizona this Church, fine, sweet, clean Read young make men good who will husTHE FORT ON THE FIRING LINE thebands and between of them two make good homes, for, after all, by Albert R. Lyman

Church and government are wholly author of dependent on the home. The Voice of the Intangible

and As I look upon this program and The Outlaw of Navajo Mountain study its possibilities, I think, after all, the epitome of the whole thing Beginning in the October can be found in these few words: IMPROVEMENT ERA

Good character is educated will. 12 issues $2.50

SEPTEMBER 1948 601 THE EDITOR'S PAGE (Concluded from page 553) That is one thing that you can say

What was the difference? The about the Era: you will find nothing

We Like oneassociationsboy driftedwereto suchthe slums,as to destroyand his inthe itboysthatandit wouldgirls andnotthebeolderwell folkfor

To Meet allothertheboygoodhadthatcompanionshipswas in him. Thethat tois know.not cleanYouandwill wholesome.find nothing Youthat

will find of anyadvertisement no helpful, and upliftdesirable, Your Friends were is that that thing harmful, and for of his advantage he took ing, and

We find they are always situations. reason I think that we can well afsuch nice people. And ford to go our way and try to do all

the Improvement Mutual discover Now, they when we to see that every that can boy we visit to us came because are to keep intended Associations shall girl in our have community and to, told you them we girls reading mabad from and try boys to to outdo ourselves deliterature of opportunity reading the in the terial place comthem serve kindness and to your and to will to the that prepare them go visits. Tell of and panionship good women. men life of places prepare not higher and reyour you their friends—andreturn it is, that therefore, How important resmember, make ones. to to the lower too—to them go The

take ervations and advantage every at in advance the we girls the are going somede- boys and sure Temple Square to be every these velop people in young

It privilege to is our help where. of in Salt Lake's a place

newest, friendliest hotel. way, and in addition to the associaprepare them for the celestial kingtions of good men and women, that dom. What a fine thing it is for us

to be among those that go out of our Hotel Temple wepublications.can get them to read worthwhile way to draw them into that pathSquare I am thinking now, when I was a way that gives them joy and peace

Clarence L. West, Mgr. boy, my mother would not let a and happiness and purity of life and

magazine come into the house and prepares them to go where our stay there that she did not look at. Heavenly Father desires them to go

Mother had eleven children, and she and where our mothers and our fawould not let us read the undesirthers and our loved ones will be if able material that was published in they keep the commandments of my childhood days. God.

WHERE AND HOW TO BUILD A STORAGE ROOM EXPERT

(Concluded page 569) from pints only, six is inches clearance ADVICE sufficient. us consider Let to use it. a fivefoov Assuming who is

on Your again a room eight feet wide and height of wall is available on the twelve feet long. If bins are built twelvefoot sides, and the shelves

Insurance twentyfour inches wide, this room are spaced to the greatest advantage

Problems would handle twelve such bins, six for the bottles used, six hundred on each side. For convenience in forty quarts can be stored on one

Without Any using the bins, the shelves for the wall in twoquart bottles or eight

Obligation fruit should be about twelve inches hundred forty quarts can be stored wide. This family should estimate in quart bottles. This would mean

the number of twoquart jars it that if the shelves are properly services the greatest One of your will probably use, the number of spaced, and the two walls are used extends has to offer KOLOB AGENT beyond the selling of insurance. He quarts and pints, and also the numfor canned fruit and vegetable storto offer is trained prepared and you ber of cans of fruits and vegetables age, they should handle an average

all insurance matters advice sound on... to plan a wellrounded program and the size of these cans, then build of fourteen hundred to fifteen hunof protection backed by strong stock the shelves so that the canned fruits dred quarts.

fair settlement prompt, companies and and vegetables can be stored to the If shelves are placed in the end of of claims. than 300 More KOLOB AGENTS serve all sections of Utah, greatest advantage. A simple meththe room, they should be kept high

Idaho, Montana and Nevada. Ask the od for the most efficient use of wall enough from the floor to allow sacks

in your community KOLOB AGENT to space is adjustable shelving. of potatoes, small barrels, etc., to be

plan protection that pays. help you

The following figures may be of placed under them.

A GENERAL INSURANCE AGENCY interest as a guide. Twelveinch It must be kept in mind that the

shelves placed eight inches apart instructions given in this article are will handle quart bottles very nicegeneral, and that each family will

THE) \ ly, three deep. If these twelveinch have personal problems that must be

shelves are spaced ten inches apart, considered. If further help is desired

two twoquart bottles will rest nicein planning storage rooms the counkaCORPORATIONla b ly on them. Pints can be set four ty agent or home demonstration

deep, and if the shelf is used for agent will be glad to help.

602 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Mulek oi Zarahemla

{Continued from page 567) in his prison remainedIUTulek house. and Wherever There's Fun—came The moon

went; the sun fed the hungry earth adedi 5day after endless day. Battles were Youll Findfought and battles won. Men began

to realize at last that the nation was indeed fighting beyond question for its very existence. This realization,

together with the knowledge of the incredible cost of the struggle, changed the general outlook on life.

Instead of looking for enjoyment in possessions, men sought it in themselves and in other people. They

learned to enjoy life with less and less or not to enjoy it at all.

All this was true in even greater degree in the case of Mulek than with others, locked as he was within four walls, and with interminable hours to be spent. He came to enjoy

his book of scripture, to need it more than he needed food and drink. He

literally lived with it. Yet it troubled

him. There were so many things

that he did not understand. It was,

consequently, with a great deal of joy that one day he heard the voice of Shiblon in the passage leading to his cell. He was weary with the endless work of his ministry, but his - *

brighteyes were and eager, and he Make candy a part of the picnic tenderly. almostgreeted Mulek

"How art thou, friend?"

"This long time I have waited for you,"the prisoner made answer.

"God has been good to bring you to me at this time."

Shiblon, without waste of time, asked in particular concerning the welfare of his friend, and then in response to the latter's questions reGLADE CANDY COMPANY ported the doings of the outside Salt Lake City, Utah world. "Now, I perceive that something troubles thee,"the prophet observed. "Is it aught that I can resolve?"OFFER... Skilled Hands Mulek told of his endless searchWEA COMPLETE ing of the word of God and of his ENGRAVING SERVICE Mean Higher Pay

joy in its message. FromCatalogues.Missionary Portraits to the Largest

"But,"he declared, "there is Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention much that is not clear to me, much UTAH ENGRAVING CO.

particularly concerning the coming 113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah

of one who is called the Christ. I do paidQuishdividendstrainingto than**ha*

not well understand this."sands. Students re-

"I shall try to explain this matter HOTEL LANKERSHIM underceive intensivesupervisiontrainingof experts.,, En any 7th tine. t BROADWAY inquired. hast thou about which SEND FBEEroll CATALOG FOR RATES MODERATE

in first Los AnnelB., Headquarters par- S. Eve, our and AdamWhen

Operator R. WISHON. OF L. D.FRANK SCHOOL;< Manager in H. BECKETT. ents, placed the of RAY were Garden CULTURE BERUTV

SOUTH MAIN 338 given they ANGELES were Eden, two comLOS v ONE CHARGE PERSONS - TWO to In the order keep mandments.

(Continued on page 604) SEPTEMBER 1948 603 MULEK OF ZARAHEMLA Points {Continued from page 603) my heart to serve God all my days Twm greater and become parents of a and put the enemies of mankind un- a/fame race, they had to break the lesser. der my feet."

By breaking the lesser command- "Thus doth salvation come."

ment they brought death upon their "What is there to hinder me from offspring, and all men since them, partaking of this salvation?"

as well as upon themselves. They "Nothing but thine own self."

brought upon all men mortality Mulek smiled a tender, wistful without which they could not have smile and sighed with unimaginable enjoyed the blessings of earth life. content.

Then Shiblon departed. Ou GREYHOUND "Tn order, therefore, that those

afterward days Mulek Not many might mortal had become See who More Save More—perstartled asking for his guard by on Fun reMore Have immortal, might again Trips become

gained after having gain heaven BACK mission to visit the temple grounds. TO COLLEGE

or for funfilled blessThe guard, in some uncertainty, vacations, earth, the after having known went to the governor of the prison. family visits, business journeys ings and beauties of life in the flesh,

On any trip, for any reason, it became necessary for the Son of That official too was troubled and

Greyhound is still the bigGod to die as to the flesh. In this knew not what to say. He in turn

in the gest transportaof bargain inquired Corianton, younger justice, of of the manner demands low, moneysav- Shiblon, of brother and Helaman tion—with immortality of mortality, were and fares frequent ing plus in earlier years. sinner himself a and

satisfied.". terminals, schedules, handy his experience of out and wide He,

this of surely, Son "Then, God service. friendly for anhis an men, gave sympathy

gift great brings a to men?"IN COURTESY! LEADS GREYHOUND soul acrepentant swer, "Grant any

refriend,"Shiblon Agent, "Nay, G. A. my NUTTALL place."to the holy cess BUS DEPOT UNION is I will that imtruth plied, "here a

Bldg. Square Hotel Temple Phone 4-3646 prison of the was governor The salvation thee. of part This unto OVER LAND

this G R EYH OUND whichfold. Ittheis scriptureone part speakssalvationis fromtwopracticalsatisfied withproblem.this, Mulekbut he solvedstill had a

Operated by INTERSTATE TRANSIT LINES death, as I have just explained. But himself.

INC. and UNION PACIFIC STAGES,

some would doubtless be better to "Grant that two men, my guards, remain dead and not to live again at fully armed, may walk with me to all. For who would choose to live in the temple grounds. Have no fear

I shall try to escape, however. torment, in regret, in remorse? We that

have no choice in the matter of imIt is not into the world I go but it. is 1947. of rather out escape produced "In no Utah There It gift of mortality, is a however.

of lead, 196.200,000 pounds

I in give Christ. gladly but for me In tons. your 98,100 or all. to what But upon God passed

importare an you home governor word."you The my immortality not doth This lead. oi ant The purpose? consumer

conindustry building the in itself bring happiness. To some agreed to this proposal. cent of sumes 8V2 per

lead or about 78,000 tons it will bring nothing but despair."The three men walked the street, yearly."

"How, then, shall any have hapattracting no undue attention. If

piness?"anyone recognized Mulek through

"By keeping the commandments his beard, there was no sign of it.

of God."When they reached the portals of

Mulek arose, his face drawn with the temple yard, the prisoner said, serious thought. "Await me here. I shall return in

"How shall any be happy?"He good time."

spread his arms wide in an eloquent He entered one of the great buildgesture. "The world is full of wickings. His first impression was one

edness, of anger, of pride and haof peace and perfect quiet. There

tred, of jealousy, of lasciviousness, were also coolness and freshness, greed, murder. There is none who is particularly coolness. What a breeze

METAL MINING INDUSTRY OF UTAH without sin. How shall any be there was after the stifling prison

saved?"house! He breathed deeply again

"By accepting Christ who is to and again, taking in such floods of come. He forgives the sins of those precious air that he became slightly

LD.S. HEADQUARTERS who repent and sin no more."Mudizzy.

IN PHOENIX lek remained thoughtful for a long his eyes became accustomed to T/W time. As

MOTOR HOTEL "Had I a hundred lives,"he said the shadowy interior, he was strucsize the of at the then, of astonished not spend "I should one 1300 WEST BUREN VAN it it. selfish of ture, the height in senseless knew again and He FOR POOL GUESTS them SWIMMING

RESERVATIONS NECESSARY FOR WINTER pleasures but would strive with all intimately without, every stone and 604 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

joint, having played about it since boyhood, but he had never realized that the interior was so vast. How

men had lifted those giant stones upon each other he could not tell.

How high and big they were!

A feeling of awe came over him, and of pride in the knowledge that men, men of his own people had done this thing! Then his enthusiasm was put to'shame when he

remembered that he had contributed nothing to it or to any other good endeavor. He had built nothing.

He moved about from corridor to corridor, reveling in the coolness, the quietness. He wished he might

never have to leave*.

After a few moments he found himself standing before a pulpit, and Ultra Modern New a sense of lightness, of unreality COFFEE SHOP came over him. How long he reDistinctively Beautiful

mained there he did not know. ROYAL DINING ROOM

Guilt rested upon him like torAir Conditioned ment, the guilt of a life of evil, a EMBASSY BUFFET selfish life of slothfulness and false ambition. The realization of it stole

about him, and through him, like water seeping up and out again through the sand. The sense of

shame seemed to penetrate the very 400 ROOMS EACH WITH PRIVATE BATHtissues of his body, through the fabric of his soul. The pressure became GARAGE FACILITIES ADJACENT

so intense that it threatened to suffocate him. He felt a wave of gloom

and despair settling down upon him.

Then, just as he felt himself about to be overcome, the oppression left like a horrible of the substancehim COLLEGE RICKS lightnessdream, peace and and College 9 '"Idaho's L.D.S.

came again to him, like dawn upon a sick world. The blackness disap- i Is Expanding to a FourYearpeared.

Mulek looked about, almost with Collegea sense of exaltation. His forehead

was cold as marble. He was tremWhy not enroll at Ricks?

bling, but he was happy. He turned

and walked directly to the door. Fall Term Starts Sept. 9-13

When he and his guards reached the prison again, Mulek spoke. Winter Term Starts Dec. 6

"I thank you, my friends, for this kindness. You need no longer pity Spring Term Starts... March 7

me, for after a manner of speaking you are the prisoners; I, the free Summer Term Starts....June 6

man. Give me leave now to return

to my chamber."Write the Registrar at Rexburg,

After he had gone, one of the Idaho, for a catalogue today guards, staring after him, made a waving motion with a finger, a circular motion, at the side of his head v and winked at the other. Be sure to read the opening chapter of

"Poor fellow,"he said sympathetically, "his long confinement has THE FDRT DN THE FIRING LINE unsettled his senses."October ERA

( To be concluded SEPTEMBER 1948 605 WHAT TO STORE AND HOW TO STORE II [Concluded from page 570) age. Carrots, turnips, parsnips,

to try to maintain two sets of storbeets, rutabaga, salsify, kohlrabi, age conditions. potatoes, and celery can be kept in

Tightlidded bins, boxes, and such a room. Cabbage should also

crocks are very good containers for be stored under cold moist condinon-leafy vegetables and fruits tions, but it gives off a strong odor which require cold moist conditions. which permeates the whole building

Moistened rags placed on top of the in which the storage is located. For

produce in such containers will this reason it is usually best to store make it possible to keep the air in it separately in a wellventilated them moist even in a relatively dry pit, garage, or other structure.

room. Celery will keep best if its roots

are kept intact in moist peat moss,

Cool Dry Storage sand, or other moisturesupplying material. It can be "planted"closely

Pumpkins, squash, sweet potatoes, in such material in the cold moist and onions will get along very well storage room and kept for several together in a relatively dry room at $4.50 about 50 to 60 F. Such a room as months.

Magnificently ventilated furnace room, Illustrated a a frostMoisture Control 408 Pages will closet free attic, or even a cool

air can of content high moisture A JACOB HAMBLIN do. means. various maintained by Cold Moist Storage be

Buckskin Apostle The most practical, satisfactory one by PAUL BAILEY The cold moist storage room reseems to be by the use of water "Rich in the lore oi the west... quires careful planning and buildadded to materials such as peat

in all its wilderness drama and ing. A temperature of 35 to 40 F. moss, sand, sawdust, vermiculite, or

beauty."—New York Daily Mirror. is satisfactory for cold moist storsimilar material.

WESTERNLORE PRESS P. O. Box 73 Los Angeles 41 summary

close them in a storage where an

Glass Jars and Tin Cans evaporating material on the floor is usual place of storage of kept moist. VITAL WORK NEW A The vegetables fruits and processed in Produce Type Dry Cool times: the of Mormon Book on stormoist the cold shelves in is on Storage Moist Rooms Cold

is these because This room. BRIEF STUDIES OF THE LIFE age as Closed bins, boxes, or other conas cold kept should be products

AND TIMES OF LEHI possible. Excessive moisture in the tainers are often used for the storby air will cause excessive rusting of age of produce which requires cold

PHILIPP KARL EIDMANN the exposed metal of such containmoist storage conditions. Under

New and startling information is er. Hence it has been found adsuch conditions it is possible to keep

here presented for the first time visable to use closed bins such as the evaporating agent on the floor figure little known a concerning of and many those previously diagramed in oronly slightly moist and store onions, Mormon, in the Book of the longtime problems of the der to get peak air moisture content squash, and pumpkins on top

Nephite origins are solved with for such produce as carrots and apshelves or in open mesh bags hung factual data. ples. from hooks in the ceiling of the same

"The brochure is unusually well done room. This procedure is not recomof scholarship."—of view the point from

in IMPROVEStorage Bins mended for best results. THE A. Widtsoe, Dr. John

1948. June, ERA, MENT Cents at your These bins can be any handy Cleanliness at only Fifty Priced

regular book If to dry dealer size. seems the produce

is the storage well how No matter or can be the bottoms them, out in satit will function constructed, not enventilation for slats and of made isfactorily unless properly managed. SHOP BOOK LIAHONA the evapomoisture from of trance spring and cleaning each thorough A 4. Minn. Saint Paul Box 5041 floor. the storage rating agent on

fall objectionable will help prevent

Damp rags can also be placed on odors. The ceiling, walls, shelves,

top of the produce in the bins. and floor should be thoroughly

floor bins false Public the Speaking and washed, and Barrels Boxes, fundamentals at theory Learn homeexpein andThen SDare air in fresh outside and taken to dry practice. acquireSend adrience and nameactual

free andtime.interesting booklet, for "Power dress the of used. sunshine. or barrels Careful washing Boxes may be Preobligation. Speech."of Effective No

for unable those especially pared it into containers before introducing such can be produce to Often public In lessons personal take speaking. directly will help keep the storthe storage the field or from 139 6 brought Dept SCHOOL, AMERICAN NORTH

store. It unnecessary III. to age room clean. Chicago may be 5, Ave., So. Michigan 1315

606 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA...!

ZJL Wontk VJilk CHURCH PUBLICATIONS Business Training for a Brighter Career

The Children's Friend..

for September Children's FriendrVhe Prepare now for better opportunities with a thorBuilders Trail is especially for the and therefore features many things ough business training program. New students

that—althoughare particularlythey willinterestinghave to fightto boysoff may register for shorthand, bookkeeping, typing,

the girls to get to read it first! "The

Cougar of Twisted Ranch"by Marie and all other classes.

Larsen sounds like very fascinating reading as well as "Crowns for Champions"by Phil Hannum. A layout of

Trail Builder pictures will prove of illustrated story interest. bygreat The Call or write for full information.

for this an unusualhaschildren month ly provocative title, "The Fish That

Could Not Swim,"written by Edward for feature Ludwig. The specialW.

Wirthlin parents Joseph L. is by Elder L D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

of the Presiding Bishopric and is titled, 70 North Main Tel. 3-2765 Salt Lake City

"Training of Children."The regular

features are also included in this issue of the magazine.

The Relief Society Magazine..

'T'he September Relief Society MagayoMA, own, BjahA, wilL Jt&IL ipu, Uhl zine abounds in things of interest from its leading article, "The Constitution and Religious Liberty"by Preston WURLITZER

D. Richards right through the poetry,

fiction, and regular features of the pubORGAN is lovely frontispiecelication. a The

. that rich tone smooth,.. has Roberts. Dorothy byautumn poem J. fine organ characterized has

serial, "Questing the toIn addition

It will for centuries. music Anderson, BelleLights"Watson by give you a new conception

issue, this in there is continuedwhich of electronic music. organ

stories of interare that shortare two

Rosalee ofest: "Learn Love"by WURLITZER THE SING WITH Carol Storm"by "Sudden andLloyd that its ensemble agree Organists Choristers and Congregations, for Choirs, material lesson Flake. TheRead service. part of the church to the musical will full support give

this issue. in also appearsDecember

4 MODELS NOW AVAILABLE—PRICED TO CHURCHES

The Instructor.. $1,091.42 $1,382.95 $2,481.98 $3,479.00

Tf you're a Sunday School teacher, For Demonstration—See SELDON N. HEAPS

a Sunday School member, or even one of the fiftyodd thousand CO.

City folk whose Sunday School worker SUMMERHAYS17 W. First South MUSICSalt Lake

friends and neighbors plan to have you join the Sunday School ranks Liahona Book Shop 606 by December 1948, you'll find much SEPTEMBER 1948 ADVERTISERS Metal Mining Industry of Utah 604 of interest in the September InBeneficial Life Insurance Company Back cover Morning Milk 596 structor, which discusses the plans BookcraftBennett Glass & Paint 601549 NationalMountain BibleFuel SupplyPress Company Inside front—598cover

to make this a halfmillion-member Brigham Young University 588 Newhouse Hotel 605 auxiliary organization of the Church Continental Oil Company 595 North American Institute 606 on its ninetyninth anniversary in ConnsonataCovey's Coffee Shop..,. - - 588599 OverlandPurity BiscuitGreyhoundCompanyLines 604545

the Rocky Mountains, December 9, Daynes Music Company - 593 Quish Beauty School 603 605 College Ricks 591 Deseret Book Company1848.

Music 599 Rogerson's 598 - Press Deseret News 600 Featured in this issue is an ediRoyal Baking Company 604 Court El Rancho Motor 600 Inc Simplex, 579torial discussion Company SuperFels General & by Pacific Railroad 547 Southern 587 Fuller Company W. P. entitled: 607 Music Summerhays Bennion Miltonintendent

603 Candy Glade Company 602 Square Hotel Temple and Abuses"; Its Uses"Wealth, 596 Brothers Glen, 603 Engraving Utah Company

a story, "Don't Be Shabby,"from Hall's Remedy 600 UtahIdaho Sugar Company Inside back cover the pen of Ezra J. Poulsen. The InternationalHotel Utah Harvester 589548 VanUtah CampOil RefiningSea FoodCompanyCompany 597580

Association 581 Coop Corporation 602 Washingtonusual departmental commentaries Kolob

Paper Business College 607 L.D.S. Western Waxed

are also included. Lankershim Hotel 603 Westernlore Press 606550

SEPTEMBER 1948 607 &WV

Scott Air Base The Fort On the Firing Line

Billeville, Illinois Dear Editors: rT,he Fort on the Firing Line, the new serial to commence in

is is in Idaho Falls, Idaho, and I belong to Coltman story gripping R. another by Albert J- the October Era

serials that the of the fastest moving author of Lyman, two MY Ward.home

I have been in the Air Force nearly a year. I have had subscribers of the Era have ever read: The Voice of the

The Improvement Era thus far and it has certainly helped Intangible and Outlaw of Navajo Mountain. This new story

me in my army life. I thank my parents and God that I am is a natural, following so closely upon Hole in the Rock by

a Latterday Saint. I never realized just exactly how much Anna Prince Redd, which took the Latterday Saints into

our Church meant to me until I was taken away from it. this country. The Fort on the Firing Line continues the setWhile I was stationed at Lackland Air Base, in Texas, I had tlement of the area with the difficulties that beset the small

a very good friend who was on a mission there. He is one group pitted as they were against the forces of nature, the

of the finest fellows I have known. There were a few LatterIndians, and the renegade thieves and rustlers. You won't

day Saints there and we held a gathering on Wednesday want to miss one word of this exciting new serial, so be sure evening at which Max and his companion were in charge of that your Era is coming and continues to come for this thrillthe services. But so far while I have been stationed at Scott ing new story, The Fort on the Firing Line.

Air Base I have neither met anyone nor found a branch of the Church, and I would like to know where it can be located? $>

CENTER WARD, SCOUTS FOUR ACTIVE FROM MANTI WereI havea Youngbeen particularlyHusband"andinterested"If I werein thea Youngarticles, Bride,""If I STAKE SANPETE SOUTH and also the noliquor-tobacco column. And there are many

stories of interest in The Improvement Era. So I urge the

parents of Latterday Saint boys who are in the service to send them this wonderful magazine.

I remain, Pfc. Alan A. Griggs

Aztec, New Mexico Dear Editors:

will during ever what meant the Era know to me

I I lived NOtheONEtime Vegas, in Las Mexico), where (New was unable to locate a single member of the Church. Thank

you so much for publishing such a wonderful magazine.

Yours very sincerely, Mrs. Harold E. Palmer

Bankstown, N.S.W., Australia From left to right: Reed Larsen, Bill Funk, Scoutmaster George Pederson,

Alvirt Carlile, Carl Carpenter. Brethren: Dear

four their at These received Manti the boys Eagle badges Center Ward... You can be sure that I will want to have the Era in our Stake. honor Since held night Scouts the South they Sanpete became by

home in the years to come. Although I had access to this there have been 561 meetings the boys could have attended. Reed has

attended these 85 meetings. of percent chairman of the indoor He is fully splendid while publication at home, never cognizant I was

activities librarian. committee, troop and

I field. into until its real mission value of the Please came Bill has of all meetings. percent has attended 90 presibeen deacon He

for thanks this appreciation accept the "voice of and dent, of senior chairman my committee, scribe. advancement troop and

Alvin has percent a 94 attendance, chairman activities of outdoor commissionary's friend. Church"which is truly the

in mittee, counselor and second the teacher's quorum. wishes, Best

is Carl's percent. attendance 92 is secretary of teacher's quorum, He

Standing Elder Erwin in post Explorer post. guide and the

North Carolina East District Conference /limaxing the activities of the opening day of the North The day's activities began at five a.m. when the first of

-* Carolina East District conference, held at Harkers Island several fishing parties left the island for Cape Lookout. SwimJune 26 and 27, was the presentation of tenminute skits or ming, games, and contests were also participated in throughout

programs by thirteen branches. The Harkers Island chorus the day. At noon refreshments were served by the Mutual

and male quartet won first place. Improvement Associations and Relief Society of the Harkers

Island Branch. In the evening

the branch served a fish supper.

The second day of the conference, Sunday, two openair sessions were held. Inspirational messages were delivered

by President J. Robert Price

of the Central Atlantic States

Mission, and his counselors, David L. Hiatt and Rudgar

Smith. A number of other talks

were given by young people from the local branches. Bishop George F. Price of Phoenix, Arizona, also spoke.

Many outof-state Saints were among the 850 persons attending.

608 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

>IFE unfolds with increasing possibilities jpv*- > for those who seek the truth. The learned

man of today looks ahead to the years beyond the zenith of his career - - and prepares in many ways a brighter, safer pathway for those who follow - - that they may go on to even greater

goals of achievement.

|:Wm

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA George Albert Smith, Pres Sal* Ule City. Utah

RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEE!!

SALT LAKE eiTV 1, UTAH