M

APRIL, 1933 NUMBER 6 Return Postage Guaranteed Salt Lake City. Utah

THE SUMMER SESSION AT THE

Utah State Agricultural College

June 5 to July 14

Another broad and varied program of summer work will be given at the 1933 Summer Session of the Utah State Agricultural College. Practic- j

ally the entire resident faculty, including department heads, will offer j

I courses during the period in graduate and undergraduate work. Several j

I brilliant educators from leading colleges and universities will offer courses | f in various fields. |

j SPECIAL FEATURES j j BAND AND ORCHESTRA: Superior high school music students, selected |

I from the intermountain region will form a demonstration band, to be | 1 directed by Professor A. R. McAllister of Joliet, Illinois. j

I 1 ] SMITH HUGHES: A national authority.!

I 1 j EDUCATION: Special clinic courses, conducted by eminent visiting edu- i

I cators. I

I i: The College will continue its [I COACHING AND PHYSICAL EDUCATION

j distinguished program in coaching, physical education and recreation. j

i I I LECTURE PROGRAM i

I i I

I Dr. Henry Neumann, Brooklyn, N. Y. Ethics and Literature j:

j Dr. William T. Foster, New York City. A leading American j

j Economist, who will analyze our critical times I

Dr. Albert Guerard, Stanford University, English and Speech!

I Professor S. H. Slichter, Harvard University, Economist

I

I Write for a Catalog

1 REGISTRATION FEE $15 1

I. I

ij Utah State Agricultural College j LOGAN, UTAH j

I

3 APRIL,. 193. rC>fflL Editorr..- Managing t"\}'Tll''"''R. Merrill, Vlk Harrison t II JN Volume %,Jo, umber, 6. IBH Asso. Editor Elsie Brandley, Talmage

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums the Mutual Improvement Associations and the Department of Education

of the Fafnily FORECAST For Every Member pUROPE, right now, holds the EDITORIALS center of interest despite the Welcome April -—35 2

troubles in the Orient, for in Apostle Reed Smoot—35 2

Europe great world movements JuneBe NotConferenceDeceived Challenges - 1 353352 which will affect this and all other countries arc born. Elder ARTICLES

John A. Widtsoe, who for sevReligion As Creative Experience. Adam S. Bennion 3 23

eral years as President of the The Frontispiece - -—Alice M. Home 324

European Mission has been visitBear Dance - Karl E. Young 328

Governor C. Ben Ross Lamont Johnson 332

ing the various countries, conPreparing the Soil for Flowers—J. H. Olsen 335

tributes an interesting article on Let's Plant a Flower Garden: Maud Chegwidden 3 37

the European situation to our Protecting Why The Rockythe AmericanMountainJobFaculty!-...Athletic. Conference-- Ra/p/jW. J.J. GilmoreHolder 342346

May number. Christmas Trees Alive at Our Doors J. H. Paul 350

Book Reviews -,-. 351

Silver Linings - j-—- Claire W. Noall 354

A MONG other articles of inLightsGlancingandThroughShadows on the Screen -—Elsie T. Brandley 358356

terest are, "With the International Ice Patrol,""The Lion FICTION

House Social Center,""This Forever Or Never --—, - -- True B. Harmsen 3 26

Thing of Being Unemployed."KnoviTs All, Sees All and Tells All -. -. - Helen C. Lloyd 338

POETRY (ARLA WOLFE will be repreApril———-—.Donald A. Eraser 325

E. W. Burt 331 The Bear Dance—Olive sented among the fiction with

- Allen Stephenson 344 Indestructible a story, "A Tall Dark Man."Prayer. i -—-- Aurelia Pyper 345

Other stories will be "The CataSixteen Sings -- Ardyth Kennelly 348 logue Mother,""Old Shep,"and TheEvidenceTrees - - AlbertaFredrikaH. ChristensenBorchard 33 7462

the second installment of the Friendship: Juanita Pulsipher 35 7

: 3 Juanita Pulsipher 63 Resignationserial, "Forever or Never."

- Pulsipher 3 Juanita 70 Awakening

DEPARTMENTS Cover The 9 3 5 Melchizedek Priesthood --——.1

1 I 3 6 Aaronic Priesthood picture is a repro- 'I HE cover duction of J. T. Harwood's MutualExecutiveMessagesDepartment 3 64

famous painting of Christ on Seniors——3 67

368Galilee calling his apostles to M GleanerMen—GleanersGirls - 3 69

service. The original, which Junior Girls 3 70

hung in the January exhibit at BeeHive Girls. 371

the State Capitol, has won the VanguardsBoy Scouts—-,: 372373

artist international fame. Your Page and Ours—3 84

Published monthly by the GENERAL BOARDS OF THE MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS

Melvin J. Ballard, Business Mgr. EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL OFFICES: Entered at the Post Office, Salt

Clarissa A. Beesley, Asso. Bus. Mgr. 406 CHURCH OFFICE BLDG., SALT LAKE CITY, UT. Lake City, Utah, as secondclass

1932, by the Improvement Men's Young MutualO. B. Peterson, Ass't Bus. Mgr. AssociationCopyright, Corporation Church of the af

George Jesus Christ matter.special rateAcceptanceof postageforprovidedmailing forat Q. Morris, rights Saints. All reserved. of Latterday

Rachel Grant Taj'Ior, Subscription price, $2.00 a year, in advance; in section 1103, Act of October,

Chairmen Era and Publicity 20C a Single Copy. 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

O

as

e8

DR. ADAM S. BENNIONKigion as

(Creative experience

The world is growing weary of religions which are passive ejfetninate and monotonous; many sectarian churches are compar-

atively empty and ministers are becoming discouraged. In the following article a man whose religion long has been the guiding force

of his life suggests methods for keeping religion alive in the hearts of others. A creative thing Dr. Bennion proves it to be and

he proves it in his own penetrating style.

circumstances promptwhich give purpose to everythingTWOed the writing of this arhe does.

en- I have always Almost when reading was the ticle. One out of symcountered young men article in College of the following

religion have had they with Humor: pathy definione's a quarrel with some

"What 6iO college students think tion or interpretation of religion.

about religion these days? I shall They have taken issue with pracspeak first of my own alma mater tices or preachments clearly at

because I happen to know it best. variance with Christian principles

When I entered Princeton five of living. They have rebelled at

years ago, they were just finishing arbitrary rulings of orthodoxy or a lovely new chapel. at negative restraints which seemed

"Completed in the spring of to strike at their personal liberty.

1928, the Chapel was rightly regarded as the most beautiful as npO me, Life is a wonderful adwell as the largest of its kind venture. Religion is a creative

among American universities. Mr. interpretation of that adventure in

Cram, the architect, used a light the light of God's revelations and grey stone throughout and achieved of man's finest thinking. Religion

clear simplicity and great dignity really is the binding of us to God of line. The altar carvings and and to one another. It is the most

stained glass windows were the creative of all the pursuits of life, best that money could buy. The "Religion is man's search for

eagle lectern, a gift from President God and the cooperative quest of

Hibben, out of church an old came this in France. and And other T)t. Adam S. Bennion theWhatsocietyfinerof Godchallengeupon toearth."the indetails inlovely united to were devotion genuity of young and ular for organization than more spire these in iconomen, young men fifty years. testified Each man clastic times, religious to a genuine frequently, however, All too we indefinable that in radiance with faith. religion creative of aspect the allow his that countenance he found had

its It it succeeded? not. has to formalism "Has be clouded under satisfaction joy measand beyond

I its restraints. ago, there a year Emergraduated or Harry As When in ure his service.

was no more religious feeling at son Fosdick says in his "As I See

Princje'ton than when I entered. Everywhere this difference in Religion:"

And there was mighty little then. point of view is encountered. To "We defend religion too much.

We had 'kein talente dazu,'as our one young man, religion appears Vital religion, like good music, old German professor used to say."to be empty formality, or vain needs not defense but rendition.

The other was the participation speculation, or idle disputation, or A wrangling controversy in supin a convention in Logan, Utah, unreasoned mythology. To anport of religion is precisely as if

in which four men stood up under other it is the inspiration of his the members of an orchestra should the distinction of having worked life. It motivates his very being beat folk over the head with their

as an officer or teacher in a particand sets up ideals and aspirations violins to prove that music is

324 The Improvement Era for April 1933

beautiful. But such procedure is the universe without Him. Try

proveno way to that music is The Frontispiece tothe imaginepersonalityanyofcreationthe creator.withoutAsk it!"beautiful. Play

Religion, to the man who has By Alice Merrill Home how a piano comes to be made!

really caught its significance, caror a radio, or a temple. How a

ries an idea of rebirth, or rededi- ORSON D. CAMPBELL, a well star?

acation. In the language of Rauthe iceknownon a artistwalk ofof Utah,his homeslippedtown,on Or watch a violet announce

schenbusch "The fundamental Provo, Utah, and fell fracturing his skull. new spring. Or stand by while a

purpose of Jesus was the establishThe fracture resulted in his death apdahlia or a tulip takes on new life.

tifiter. In hours twelve of God, proximately of atthe kingdomment of certain ask his Just much how

genthe State of passing and art Utah regen- a thorough involved inwhich to process. taches each God friend. lost a devoted The erally has

eration and reconstruction of soImprovement Era had planned to use only life is religion, whether in the cial life."(From Christianity and the paintings of living artists in this sefield of biology or out across the

painting but since Mr. Campbell'sthe Social Crisis.) ries, pulpit.

his unto appear, and since was listed timely death cut short his career unex- 2. The Quiet of Meditation.

CAUL, on his way to Damascus, pectedly, the magazine is showing his Being is a fascinating subject for caught the enthusiasm of this painting this month. contemplation. Who Am I? How

says: scriptureregeneration. The the Frontthe in Wasatch,""Noonday I Become Did What What I Am?

ispiece Era, fell the for April is Orson Campthere immediately "And I SureDestined Become? To

bell's rendition. typical and Am thought He scales. been as it had his eyesfrom lie infinite these ly in posqueries in Ameripainted terms Timpanogos, of

And he received sight forthwith can Fork Canyon, and the glacierfed sibilities for creative thinking. The

and arose, and was baptized."Provo River. man who does not regularly withActs 9:18. Under the urge of This early summer lyric pictures a redraw from the routine of daily life

that rebirth this Saul, become Paul, cess in the American Fork Canyon, at to face these major issues fails to filters sunlight high noon. down Yellow declare:could life its of to depths. sound One aspens, leafy sprays through of young to "For is the religion functions of major treetrunks, spotting pine dark and

is die toand grassdirect to an lights a patches to prompt over and shadows of men and megain."—Philippiansto live is Christ,

1:21. green carpet, beflowered with wild malanalysis of the status of their soul

a brief It seems columbine. but and low Himself would Master The the dullest of sergrowth. Even painting that Campbell was ago, hour full hearted that appreciatedhave stimulate can a thoughtful of mons pictures matchless winter those two

response for the dark Provo River, in the heart of man to take stock of himself. The

"In him was life; and the life Utah's giant mountains that were shown thought process once under way,

in the gallery in of the 1 marble Januarywas limits can set the into he the light of man."—John 3 1 sf of only at State Exhibition the Capitol 1, 4. supplies. quiries his which mind Institute. sudthe death But Art Utah

The creative genius of religion, denly stayed the painter's hand; no more To the man who thinks, religion

his His brush.even in worship, is hinted in the pictures can come from the of dybecome one most may

becollection, a thought but which wehymn: chalthe of namic and one most life's great will be his ginning of work,

realities lenging the in world. exhibition, in together a memorial brought greeting, meeting, kindly"Gladly

16, April 1933. 3. Friendly ReCommunion. return. shall meeting each As

is collection lovely a carries ligion This a implirich always brighten, study our minds byMay heritage to the Campbell family,—nay,worthwhile cation of fellowship. Fellowship heighten, aspirations our May it is joy in of seek denied none us who fellowwith and our with God enlighten its souls contemplation. already, grace our know We mayAnd

While we strive to learn."since the passing of John Hafen, George men. The two Great Commands

Ottinger, Alfred Lambourne, and Lawcenter in that fellowship. Jesus'

artists rence Squires, are that loved folhis that best constant concern was becomes man When of after their painting. stops Death lowers together be might bound is that divinitythe in him—whenconscious Campbell's Already Orson Memorial in the friendship. of Rebonds experience everyhe views as it may is inspires Collection This hope a reality.

a teaches ligion fathercommon artist, this be appreciated too, will that eternal developmentaffect his then his religion has become creand kept in close remembrance. The little hood and rests upon a common

resting of the spurs farm, Campbell on a strange brotherhood. In way religious expeative. Then his will planted the beautiful not be mountain is else. of everyone a part everyone opportunityrience an becomes this careful spring Orson's hand. by The

religion Literally as its great has the father, their will children tender miss obligation.not an

the into purpose of us all binding dually wife, conof round whose work attitude creative becomes a The success degreatly tributed to her what great fellowship. one turn. Experience everyreality at exacting voted husband from an wrung

itself Spirit witbeareth "The laboratory. divine to be acomes sicalling, every will discover, hand, on

Man tries eternity under the lent witnesses of him who has gone. "This ness with our spirit, that we are

kindly supervision of The Great is the mountain he loved best to paint; the children of God:

if children, then heirs;Teacher. Ponder the creative richthattree, thethe mistyriver, weather,the cloud,the shadow,time of day,the "Andness of these challenges: the season of the year—he most enjoyed."heirs of God, and jointheirs with

1. The Glory of The Universe. And we who have partaken, even Christ; if so be that we suffer with

Did you ever stand alone under a scantily of his exalted purpose, have Him, that we may be also glorified gift, belief his 17. his in of somethingstarlit 8:16, known ask sky and How? together."—Romians casually, witnessed, the have even true, It is that can declare of course, glory and the heavens we "The

life's his courage pursued he with which the enjoy of citizencomradeship the shewfirmamentof and God; quest, take to time review ample should

eth his handiwork."Psalms 19:1. his work that is now complete, complete ship and the friendliness of social

If you have difficulty in satisinasmuch as it can never be added to in contacts but the heightened fellowfying yourself as to just how God this life. ship of sacred communion trandirects the universe try projecting scends all others. The group soul

The Improvement Era for April, 1933 325

made possible in worship calls out man has never fully caught the best the in men as does nothing else in the world. Dr. Adam S. Bennion poweris the greatof religiousaccompanimentfeeling. toMusiclife

4, The Search For Truth. In 'JPHE author of this article, Dr. and sacred music is the refiner of

a unique way religion needs the -* Adam S. Bennion, needs no the soul. Listened to or particisustaining strength of truth. Reintroduction to the readers of this pated in, music does something for

ligion undertakes to lead men to magazine.the L. D. S. AsChurchSuperintendentSchool Systemof men which no other agency can

the full development of their laand as an active worker in the do. Thought turned loose upon

tent potentialities. All truth helpChurch, he has visited practically a wonderful melody or interwoven

ful in the realization of that ideal efery part of the intermountain with sacred harmonies is led to is the ally of religion. Religion histerritory.charmingKnowndiscourseeverywherefrom forthe some of its finest heights. It is inwelcomes all inquiry and is eager rostrum or pulpit, and for his conceivable that man could listen

to adopt newly discovered truths. friendly approach to any subject in understandingly to our noblest

beinterested, has he which he is inves- a discourages church be moved. and not The hymnsWhen

the best of and one known is it tigation appreciation because music is only of worthy of writers speakers loved and some mostcome one fails to grasp the all incluthe intermountain region. Alalways a creative experience. Persive scope of religion. It is really though Dr. Bennion is no longer haps the fault is ours in not opensuicidal for a church to proscribe connected with the schools he is a ing thei souls of youth to such an

research. Of course, men may well naturalteach byteacherlecture,and sermon,will continueand esto appreciation.

safeguard against the conclusions say, for undoubtedly teaching is 7. The Sustaining Power of

of that out and theories growing crises. his "first love."Faith. every man comes To

is until research evidence all of the loss, sorFailure, disappointment, in. a young man feels When stalk the land row, death—all honest in following hampered to call even unbidthough inLet him read the hazards of that eager

quiry he should charge the diftrip and couple them with the suden. In the darkened hour of misficulty to some one's narrow interperb faith of those pioneers desfortunes it is jwonderful to have

pretation and not to any limitatined to land finally in San Franone refuge of neverfailing comtion religion which would fort. deadset. cisco need source be no Bay. There One of help—kindShall Truth"The Make You all ly, the chronicle repetition of wise, in the Father powerful. ly A

is a religious promise.Free,"is will helpthe Saints. imagination extend Creative always who

Heartening Stimulus 5. The realities in the of ing Every hand. of heightened more man in his

History. So often young men feel It in the prays than exodus to be sustained. weakness that modern

a sort of historical restraint. They pages of the most vivid fiction. is a wonderful thing so to estabseem to charge the history of their "Come, Come Ye Saints"would lish communion with God that in

people with compelling them to make any religious body proud of the hour of need access to Him bewalk with their heads ever over its forebears. comes as easy,as it is natural.

their shoulder. The shadow of the 6. The Rhythmic Warmth of Making Him the Rock of our Salpast seems often to darken the way Music. The man who has never vation is a creative experience of

ahead. joined wholeheartedly jinto the the first magnitude. Nothing ofAgain, of course, they suffer singing of a rousing anthem or fers a safer anchor to youth. In

from misinterpretation. "Our who has not partaken of the quiet Him lies our surest hope.

soForefathers did never and so"charm of a sacred hymn—that 8. The Assurance of Eternal a basis neofshould not be the

gation. In what they did lies one Life. When Robert S. Ingersoll

of the greatest challenges any genwrote:

April "The sweetest flowers of lifeeration ever received. Let the young

man read again the building of the By Donald A. Fraser grow on the edge of the grave"he

Salt Lake Temple. Let him recall projected the creative force of his

sings plaintive song, her April curtains laid past the of mortalthat its foundations were the mind tears her along drops six TTTHEN'And occaafter thisyears the pioneers ity. Every reached must upon man way,

valley. Let him see the sagebrush I know the time will not be long sion take that long look. Only

being cleared while dreams of a Before I hear the laugh of May! religion gives an assurance of conexistence. tinued Let were shaping. HouseHoly The love of life

sighs, April not For she knows its in why finds fondest contemplation forty years of follow throughhim in gentle sheds pain her tears She sacrifice and devotion. The dediShe knows her sorrows are gone by the thought of eternal being.

cation of a temple will then She hears Hope whisper her again: Shakespeare's memorable

Be"a rededication Notprompt him to "To To Be—or her yet the surge within of And

still the theatrehis in the breast, echoes of the to cause which own energies heart; Beats her moodily upon

his people championed. Her pulses throb in wild unrest. human soul. Every man ponders

Or let him trudge in fancy a And tears in gushing fountains start! that query—and the one hopeful

the reply is answer is ever to thrill. quick Joy New

is life its sister is to Grief, Eternal Yet poignant—letthousandhim milesstand bybehindto seea 200handcartcompromise—andof religion.in

rades succumb to the exposure of And tears for each the measure fill: that promise lies the richest cre-

a cruelly early winter. To each they bring a sweet relief. ative thought which crowds across

Or let him travel in fancy again But though her tears are quick to shower, the pages of our contemplation.

with those pioneers aboard the Still, Joy dispels them oftenwhiles, If Life is the warp, then religion 17,- creas they journeyedBrooklyn sees flower, is the she a wayside For when woof of the Universe—a break eyes into smiles! misty Her to seven000 miles through ative reality into the patmonths stamped

make a cheaper trip west by water. tern of our being.

orever By TRUE BANHEARDT HARMSEN

NCLE J I M,"Louise Stone looked hopefully at the Bishop as they walked home together one Saturday afternoon. ing what you old fogies call mod- "John Alder has got to come home.'

She held his hand as she had done ernr from earliest childhood. "We have "Now, now, Louise, don't let's has recently been appointed Presnever asked a favor of the Ward, quarrel about that again. You ident of the Rotterdam District."

not even since dad died."were speaking of a favor?""Yes, I know. But I was just

"I know,"Jim Taylor, tall and Louise drew a sharp breath, and talking to Mrs. Alder,"Louise exportly, smiled and squeezed her lifted her blue eyes trustfully to her plained, "and she said that they

hand. "Your mother is the best uncle's face. She was pretty in a had been sending thirty dollars a

rustler of all my sisters. She's almodern way. month to John. Mr. Alder got a

ways found a way out. You're "John Alder has got to come cut in wages, and fifteen dollars is

just like her under the surface, but home."all they can scrape up to send him.

you do take after your father on "That's the first Lve heard of Can't the Ward help with the rest the outside."it."Bishop Taylor stopped and of it? Or couldn't own you—youdon't want "You mean mc showing off, belooked searchingly at Louise. "He a whole bank? I—I

grinned. "Atta girl. The Lord

will provide!"

"Yeah? Well He won't provide any silk stockings for the little

girl, but He will stick a five spot someplace where I can find it. Good

night."ever Bishop Taylor nodded his head0rj\eu and grinned. "Now, ain't that

sompin'?"he asked.

Louise Stone was a modern Mormon girl with a fiance on a mission.

naturally, and, the uncle advice Bishop she for was wentHer to htm and—got fifteenth the of iHE

isit. the installment several in to story prologue will a This appear which Biishop Louise month, Taylor met

It ininstallments the Era. written B. Improvement Captain was True by

for lunch at the Blue Cafe Moon himself of a at Arizona, time. missionaryHarmsen, Captain one was who

Harmsen knows his missionaries and also the trueblue but independent Moras she had breathlessly requested mon girl, as well as the many difficulties which arise before a young man and over the telephone. She was all

his fiancee who have been separated for long years, the one devoting himself smiles as she sat down beside him.

entirely to work for the Church, the other attempting bravety to fit into the She plopped her purse noisily home society until he returns. down upon the little table, then

jumped up, kissed the bald spot on his head, threw her arms and asked. to consult your come "Did you homeJohn before—well, him. around is his time up.before mother? wear advise?"did she What I—I he a minute!""Hey! Wait since a date inhis appeared gleam had A determined ring—haven't protested, unfastening her arms eyes. Louise's "I didn't Jim, blue away. Uncle sayhe went you

call me frivolous, and modern, but anything to mother about it. Mrs. from around his neck.

you know darn well I'm a trueAlder said John could get along on "Can't wait!"Louise laughed,

blue Mormon, and John has betwenty-five dollars a month, so I then startdd crying, and buried come a wonderful man since going gave her a ten spot. Fm going to her face in her arms on the table.

on his mission. He's an example do so every month until he is re- "Now, now, honey,"her uncle

to other missionaries. He's Disleased."slipped an arm around her. "Don't

trict President!""Where are you getting the cry over that. I just didn't want

"The Ward is helping so many money?"you to carry on so here where

during these hard times, that it is "If I only knew!"Louise aneverybody can see you. You know

impossible to help John,"her swered, and it sounded like part I wouldn't do anything to hurt uncle looked away from her as he of a prayer. "It costs me five dolyour feelings. No! Not for the

spoke. "As for me helping him, lars a month for silk stockings, so whole world! Why, you're my

that is out of the question. You I know where half of it is coming favorite niece."

are a trueblue Mormon, why from. But I sure don't know "It isn't that,"Louise managed

don't you dig up the money? where the other five is coming between sobs. "It's this!"

After all, you're practically marfrom!"She opened her purse and exried.""So that's why you are going tracted a long green paper and

"I would,"Louise's lip tremwithout stockings?"her uncle handed it to her uncle.

bled, "but I got a fifteen dollar a "It's a pay check,"he said, month cut today. I just won't somewhat puzzled.

have a penny to give to anybody.""Sure!"Louise gasped.

"You just said you were a true- "It's for thirtyscven-fifty-- blue Mormon, honey; where is that's only seventyfive per month,

your faith? The Lord will prothought you got eightyfive?"

vide!""I did, silly,"Louise was almost

fierce in her explanation. "But I

traced Louise looked down, and got a fifteen dollar cut in salary—the line in the sidewalk with I"the see

toe of a. dainty shoe. She did not "But this is only,a ten dollar

look up as she murmured goodbye, cut,"her uncle protested.

and turned to leave.

"Again you're a silly. Uncle

Bishop Taylor looked after her, Jim,"Louise laughed through her in his soft looka puzzled brown eyes. if that I wonder "Now, was tears.get less"Thethanbossseventyfive,said I would too.not

the right thing to do after all?"Don't you realize what that is?

He shook his head, and added: It's that extra five. I knew the

"Fll have to see her mother and Lord would put it somewhere so give her whatever amount Louise I could find it!"sends to John—if she sends any."

In the next installment John Sunday evening afAlder comes home, and John has ter church. Bishop Taylor called acquired many ideas in Holland.

acceptLouise to one side. "What did How does Elderi* Johnvou do about John Alder?"he Louise's sacrifice

"Bear T)ance By KARL E. YOUNG

Go with Professor Karl E. Young y a

lover of tlie American Indian and vieiv with him the Spring Festival of the Utes.

he was an opportunity. "Ask them to

friendly: give you ride,"he suggested with

"Where you a sly grin. It struck me that to do

goin', Bear so would be no small gratification

Dance?"he to Indian selfesteem. However, I

grinned a t was out to make contacts, not to me. I nodpreserve class distinctions, so I

ded. agreed. "All right, how do you

"Goin'to say it in Indian?"He shrugged

get you a new his shoulders and murmured again woman?"I the vague negative, "I don'know."

told him that But he was eager to have me get

I hadn't remyself obligated to his race. Therealized the* fore, presently, without any urging

Ute Mother and Papoose at the Photo hy Karl E. Young possibilities on my part, he pronounced the ''Bear Dance"in that direcwords—"Muen caro."

tion. As the outfit drew alongside and

"Oh, yeah, I perceived that there was room for since the ice went out yeah, lots pretty school girls; nice me I cried out, "Muen carol"EVER on the Green River in clean dresses, nice clean ribbons, "Muen caro!"the old driver

northern Utah the Ute Innice pretty shawls."His face beshouted back at me, and he added

dians had been talking Bear Dance. came meditative. something else which I should well

All the first week, during a spell like to have understood, for it set all laughing. But he pulled of intoxicating spring weather, T WAS pondering these allurethem

I climbed into the they argued about when it should ments when, off to the left, up his team and start. But finally the good weather someone hailed us. The call was back to sit on the bare boards of

broke; then they came to a conmore like the whistle of a quail the wagonbed with a young

clusion. For a week thereafter than a hjiman cry, but glancing off squaw bearing the redundant name

they kept coming in by twos and in that direction we caught the of Stella Star.

threes ahorseback, or by family gleam of white tarpaulin, and saw had two papooses. One, lots in spring wagons, with squaws a patch of red shawl moving among CTELLA

and papooses piled on bedding and the willow clumps. An Indian - of about eleven months, was

hay behind the drivers'seats. When family was camped there. Nearby slung in a blanket over her back;

enough men had assembled to cut an old man was hooking a pair of a heavy strap, passed under the willows and build the dance corral, skinny ponies to a buckboard and baby's thighs and buckled over the they got at it. a squaw was lifting a child up into squaw's breast, held it snugly in

As soon as I heard that the dance the vehicle. I asked my companion

was definitely on I set out for the if he knew them. "I don'know,"The "Bear Dance"Photo byin ProgressKarl E. Voinig

Reservation and penetrated as far he answeras the Uintah River. There the ed evasively,

sharp wheels of Indian wagons had as a Ute alcut such deep ruts into the soft dirt ways does road that I had to abandon my car when you and prcKeed the remaining ten miles question afoot. him directAfter an hour's trudging I heard ly.

the beat of hoofs behind me and Presently turned to see a young Indian burst we heard the out of a sidepath among the wilrattle of a lows and overtake me at an easy rig behind lope. He wore an absurd red us. Friend

stockingcap and looked anything Stocking but a "noble red man."However, Cap sniffed

The Improvement Era for April, 1933 329 place—where it slept. The other fluttered a white fiour sack with a and turned around. A tall Indian

papoose, a child of about two crude drawing of a bear standing in an enormously highbrimmed years, sprawled on a thin scattering upright in the middle of it. Outblack hat, set off with a tuft of

of hay and rested his head on his side of the willow wall was a fringe yellow eagle plumes confronted me.

mother's knees. Stella was friendly of Indian ponies, and on every "You got ticket?"he demanded.

and polite and talked to me a little, pony an Indian youth leaning for- I shook my head and looked but I could see she was anxious to ward in the saddle to see what was about for my redcapped horseman hear what the young man on the going on inside the ring. From who had worried for fear I might

bronco could tell about me as he within came the hollow zooming have to buy one. He was riding

shouted across the wheel to the of the moraches and the quavering very unconcernedly round to the buck and squaw in front. music of Indian song. other side of the enclosure, having

I succeeded in ingratiating my- I stepped up to peer between the made sure that old "Yellow Feathself with mother and child by sacribranches of the \yillow wall. There er"would not fail to collect from

ficing a fivecent bag of candy to were two lines of dancers facing me.

the little! one. And thereby hangs each other in the middle of the I paid twentyfive cents for a

a tale. The bag of candy had been arena, and dancing at a rather fast little piece of green wrapping paper.

put up for me along with several pace to the accompaniment of a But it was no sooner in my hand other similar bags by the keeper group of musicians who were than an aged buck approached me of the general store at Duchesne. working vigorously over a wooden and asked for it, saying, "Me take

He had warned me that if I went object shaped like a horsetrough. tickets."I did not relinquish it

to the Bear Dance the squaws Here and there near the sides of without misgivings, for how would ask me to dance with them the enclosure were several fires should other ticketsellers know I and I should have to pay for each around which groups of ancient had paid? I asked the old fellow

dance with a quarter. However, squaws and playing infants were his name, intending to refer to it

I was advised that when the squaws gathered. An occasional papoosein the event of an argument with

sent their children to dance with board leaned against the barrier subsequent tickettakers. I might

me I could get off cheaper by giving with a baby laced up in it fast have anticipated his answer. It

them each a fivecent bag of candy. asleep while the mother danced. was the inevitable "I don'know."

The sack of candy would look bigOne old squaw was warming a When I turned to the wall again ger than a nickel—and besides one baby by rocking the cradle board the music had stopped. The

could not be sure how much the before the fire and turning it from dancers were going back to the candy had cost. time to time. All of the women fires, the girls and squaws to the

The scent of willow smoke and had bright, longfringed shawls far side of the enclosure, and the the rhythmic drubbing of the morover their shoulders, and the old men to the fires near the musicians.

aches announced to us that we and very young wore handsome I now had an opportunity to study were approaching the dancing lemoncolored buckskin moccasins faces and dress, so I entered the grounds. Our buckboard came to ornamented with beads. The men enclosure and approached a fire

a halt in an uneven clearing where were without decoration except for around which Stella Star and her there were several shaggy little heavilybeaded gauntlet gloves and family were sitting.

teams and weatherbeaten vonriCT wagons. of tbp barbands. bpad Most side of the dance the opposite #iNAs to the ground, down highheeled fellows wore cowboy

fel- a severelooking grounds the reined his horsemanmy 1friend,stepped jingling big spurs boots with silk handkerwith a purplebronco over close and spoke to me which they did not remove when low, loosely his nose over chief knottedconfidentially, "I don'know. Mebdanced. they

be so they'll chase bein'us. You I felt a hand on my shoulder partand hangingof his face,downwasoverpointingthe lowerat white man, they might you make

pay."He looked at me sympame and, in evident bad temper,

thetically. addressing a group of men about

I began to assure him that I him.fellow inPresently,,3 ragged a bluemiddleagedovercoat

should not mind paying to see the and muchbedraggled black hat

Bear Dance, suddenly, he but at crossed to over pointed and me sighted someone he with whom I a small leather case in kept which a great desire to had speak, and, a Leica belt. to strapped camera my a farewell, hasty waving he me said, pictures,"he make "No 'um

off, trotted his winding way it repeated emphatically, and I the clumps. willowamong picdon'to wan'you "They make

ja a caught glimpse of him moment tures."

later in conversation a tall with all a been of comHad "they"Indian wearing an enormously

I fellow should plexion with this black highbrimmed hat set off not have considered this much of with a tuft of yellow eagle feathers. a denial, for he was the ugliest

Indian I have ever seen. His broad,

npHEN, in an open space ahead, I dull face was deeply scarred with beheld the dance gathering. A pock marks, and his thick nose and

large willow enclosure had been heavy lips gave him a negroid aperected on a piece of ground rising 'v'4-l>i -vtj r pearance to which the muddy color out of the river bottoms. On a of his skin gave emphasis. He

tall pole at one end of the enclosure The Picture of the Bear certainly did not look the image of 330 The Improvement Era for April, 1933

authority, and consequently I was fifteen minutes, too long for some As to the significance and origin surprised to see him leave me and of the older squaws who wobbled of the Bear Dance I was unable to proceed directly to the middle of visibly before the final "y-hah"find out a ithing by blunt questhe corral where he began to harof the singers announced that the tioning. The; women would say

angue the girls,and women for number was ended. But there was "Ask the mens,"and the men

failing to answer the summons of no variation. Every dance was like would say "I don'know."Evithe orchestra to choose partners for the one which had preceded it and dently I must change my tactics. I

the next dance. the one which followed. surmised that the artist who had

Immediately the squaws began During the intermissions I painted the bear on the flour sack to string across the dance grounds. moved about from fire to fire, bribwould know something of the hisThey made straight for the gentleing my way among the women and tory of the dance.

men of their choice, each one indichildren with bags of candy in an He was a young fellow, not cating her man by a touch on the attempt to find an informant. The overly superstitious, and, fortushoulder or by waving her shawl Utes are a secretive lot as early nately, susceptible to praise. I addirectly in his face. Every time an writers testify (witness Humphremired his bear, engaging him to

especially attractive or peculiarly ville), but I learned that the forpaint me one for two'dollars, and unattractive squaw made her selecmidable fellow with the purple pumped him on the subject of the tion it was greeted by jests and handkerchief was a medicineman, dance. His information was not

laughter from the rest of the bucks. and that like KongraTonga, in copious. I had to supplement it

I could get from farmersThen the women crossed back to "The Oregon Trail,"he had rewith what their own fires and waited for the ceived directions in a dream, upon and government agents after the orchestral prelude to finish. the strict observance of which his dance had broken up. It seems

is given The "orchesitra"was composed success in life depended. He had that the festival, which

of fourteen men who sat, closebeen warned by his "medicine"annually to celebrate the advent of packed together, around a deep never to expose his mouth and chin the spring, originated in an exwooden trough made of heavy to the sight of a human being. perience which an old warrior had

planks and covered with a broad This restriction he had carefully with a bear one day in the woods.

sheet of zinc. Each man had in his observed for many years, and his

left hand a hardwood stick about behavior had been accepted by the npHE bear had been wakened eighteen inches long and two inches Indians as being perfectly natural. from Ms hibernation by a peal

thick, down one side of which a But the white men who lived on of thunder, and upon emerging series of deep notches had been cut. the Reservation had, in their ignorfrom his winter den, he had shown

In the other hand was a rounded ance, attempted to give a rational his joy at the coming of spring by bone about eight inches long. explanation. They said that Yelhumming a little song and perMusic was derived from this inlow Crane was afflicted with facial forming a simple dance of greeting

strument, which is called the morparalysis, and that he muffled his to a tree. The Indian learned the

ache, by placing one end of the face to keep the world from seeing bear's song and watched his dance notched stick on the zinc soundinghis deformity! until he could repeat it. Then he

board,and rubbing the bone over taught both to the people of his the notches in rhythmic strokes. tribe. The people liked them but

In the old days the Indians used to did not know why the bear had make resonators by digging a deep addressed his attentions to a tree.

pit in the ground and pegging a Some claimed that he had danced skin down very tightly across it. to a cedartree which is symbolic of

This "cave"or hollow place belong life. Others thought he sang

neath the resonator was said "to merely as a recognition of flowing be connected with the bear,"and sap and swelling buds, and that the deep, rasping noise which issued his dance only meant that he was from the "cave"was said "to imifeeling good.

tate the sound a bear makes."In any event the Indians improved on the bear's celebrations

XXTHEN all were ready a sharp and made a purely social occasion cry was given, and they beout of it, such as it is today. All

gan to dance, i. e., the rows surged the people come to the dance which

together, and then they swung lasts five days and ends up with a back. Forward and back. Two big feast. On the last day a man

long steps forward, and three short and woman dress up like bears and steps back. It was a monotonous, chase each other about the enthough not ungraceful movement closure. They pretend to get awto watch. The dancers kept time fully mad and scratch people up if

and they held their lines, for woe anyone -chances to poke fun at unto him who lost a step! He was them. This is only an attempt to

immediately detected by the master add color. But everyone enjoys it

of the dance, our ugly man, who hugely, and eats excessively and walked up and down behind the goes home reluctantly to wait until lines with a long, tough willow June brings hot weather and the which he laid sharply across the Sun Dance and another excuse to calves of any offending member. Deer in an open park in the leave home and live like their old

Each dance lasted from ten to National Forest nomadic forefathers once again.

'TaMati-NaCup"—"The Bear Dance"Photo Courtesy Prof. Win. F. Hanson, B. Y. U.

ance By OLIVE F. WOOLLEY BURT

(As seen by an Indian girl who has been reared among white people) npHIS is the Bear Dance, the dance of the spring time. Across the green meadow, O heart, I am going.

The love dance delighting my forefathers bold. Slowly, sedately, that he may not know

I stand aloof, a curious stranger, How much of pain and how much of rapture,

For these crude displays leave me unmoved and cold. What exquisite torture it costs me to go.

I know from a vague but persistent memory I nod. With a grunt his answer is given.

What measure of favor each symbol wins; I wait, while my pulses keep time with the drums.

Yet I am a stranger, the adopted of white men; I saw the light that he hid 'neath his lashes; I smile as the dance begins. I saw his eyes—But how slowly he comes!

Forward and beat, back with rhythmic andForward men are advancing;—theback. Go, happywomenfeet! retreat. retreat. The are advancing; the women menThe

I have watched the Pale Faces. The men asked the women.

These arc my people. How far I have traveled! Approaching them boldly, nor caring who saw.

I'm no longer a squaw. I have no desire But he whom I've chosen would die ere he sought me

To dress in their costumes, to lie in a wigwam, For he is a Brave and I am a squaw.

To eat my meals squatting beside their low fire. The Americans dance with their arms 'round each other.

Those Braves are just Indians; they do not attract me; Heart upon heart, while strange music rings;

is handsome, but one There's but who kill one I might choose. Ah, it would me before

dancing.I see is not yonder. out he Ah, him tonight, 'neath But the stars,—ah,these, myhowpeople;my heart sings! did him, he refuse? or asked Has nobody

Forward and back. How my pulses beat!

Forward and back. The tomtoms beat. The men are advancing;—the women retreat.The men are advancing;—the women retreat. Tonight when the dancers have awakened a frenzy.

desire. the their courtship fanned pantomime has When

is is like his hair braided; skin copper; blackHis the beat of the the the urge and dance of music. When

is like straight, built slender an arrow, and long; He filled their fire; veins with unconquerable wild Have

his the skin swiftly; muscles darkBeneath move grasses are the the breath sweet spring of with warm When

is strong. beautifully runner a and He time.

sit dreaming should I I might be whenWhy the dancing. When moon smiles down softly and the breeze sings Retreating before play! him? Oh, rapturous

its song, never to meet me; would advance,He the still night enfolds others. shuts from me and me sensuous sway. When with and backward Forward will come! the come! is too day long! Ah, He will He

Forward and back; the motions repeat. Forward and back. May our love be complete.

The men are advancing;—the women retreat. The men are advancing:-—the women retreat.

In this article you are given a closeuf portrait of His Excellency

Governor C. Ben Ross

Qrusader A By LAMONT JOHNSON

"And ninety and nine are with dreams content,

But the hope of a world made new

Is the hundredth man who is grimly bent

On making the dream come true."

inspiring little stanza from theTHATvers written by Ted Olsen, of Wyoming, makes an appropriate start for a reallife subject.

Governor C. Ben Ross occupies the Idaho state

capitol at Boise very largely because in his early youth he resolved that he would some day be there, and he never lost that ambition. That

is why he is such an interesting personality. His

going from farm boy to governor, or being the first nativeborn Idahoan to reach that high office, is interesting and inspiring, yet many a man has done that in all the years of United

States history. Some have attained higher

honors from the same foundation. He did the

rarer and bigger thing of holding fast to an idea that came to him when he was still too young to realize what a long tough road he had to Governor C. Ben Ross of Idaho

travel before he could achieve it.

Ben Ross was only 13 when he decided that he other ambition he had was to own the farm which would like to be the governor. As he plowed on the his pioneer parents had homesteaded in 1875. His

old homestead farm near Parma he thought of the father, J. M. Ross, was a cattleman, and Ben was

state capitol and of himself as governor there. It was a cowboy until he reached 18. Then he went to a

a typical boyhood dream, but the difference was that business school in Portland for three years, because most boys forget it or get over it, and Ben Ross didn't. all this time he kept that notion of being governor

I had heard him tell some of these things in his and he knew he needed to get ready for it. At 21 he

speeches over the state, so one November day I went started farming and managed the old homestead for up to Boise to ask him about,it. The election was 1 7 years, living there on it. Not until he moved to

just over and he had been reelected with the biggest Pocatello in 1921 did he ever live in a town. During

majority any Idaho governor ever had. those years he took an active part in cooperative farm

That wtas a quiet morning, but it was in his office organizations, and from 1918 to 1923 was secretary, at the capitol building that I talked with him. He then president of the Idaho State Farm Bureau which

said then that he was only 1 3 when he first got that has since given way to the farm granges.

idea of being governor. He told his schoolmates in With the idea of training sitill in mind as needed

Parma about it, and later, when he rode the range in preparation for the state capital job, he entered politics eastern Oregon and southern Idaho, he told his fellow in 1915 as commissioner of Canyon County and recowboys that they ought to feel proud because they mained in that position six years. So intent was he

were riding around with the future governor of Idaho. in wanting to make good in whatever job he had

Maybe they laughed at him then, but some of those and to be governor—that he almost made the courtex-cowboys remember now what Ben Ross told them. house his home. He has told many a time how he

often stayed up there until midnight, studying tax tJE had in him something of the crusader even in records, valuations and assessments. It was that dilithose days. He must have had, or he would not gence which gave him his first opportunity to demonhave clung to that idea with such earnestness. Anstrate bis genuine honesty of purpose in governmental

The improvement Era for April, 1933 333

Idaho State Capitol, Boise, Idaho

affairs. There were certain irregularities involving DEFORE that, in the same conversation, he had

tax funds. Other officials had overlooked them. Ben said: "When I first wanted to be governor I

Ross did not. He found where the money had been knew I had to prepare myself. There is no mere

misapplied and had the situation corrected. 'happenstance'about doing worthwhile things. You've

I went to business Those six years not only gave him a valuable got to plan for it. That's why

foundation in practical economics leading toward the school, and that's why I stayed up at night in the governorship, they increased his respect for the idea of courthouse at Caldwell. I studied tax records at

doing service, and provided just the precise oppornight and traveled the roads by day to see how things

I cut out cards andtunity that was needed to reveal and develop the were handled. As a young man

crusader spirit which has become one of his dominant dances and poolhalls. I couldn't waste time on those

characteristics. He found a wrong and corrected it, things when I had something else in mind."

and he has kept on trying to correct such wrongs as "The name of a great man travels ahead of him,"are inflicted by the few over the many, for Governor a sage once said, and so the people of Pocatello did

Ross's ideals are with the mass of people, heart and not need much time to find out what Ben Ross was soul. like. Just two years after moving there in 1921 he

"Everyone must have an ideal,"he said that day in was elected m.ayor, and they kept on reelecting him

the capitol building. "Young people cannot drift to that position until he again moved on to a higher

and expect to get anywhere. They must want to give place. In 1928, for the first time, he tried to land

service and be willing to sacrifice some of the more that job as governor. He did not make it, but in 1930

alluring things in order to realize their ambition. he tried it again, and that time he achieved the goal

You've got to forget yourself. As soon as you begin he had been aiming at all through the years since he

to think only of yourself you lower your ability. It was a 13year old boy plowing on a farm near

is one of God's laws. Anybody who peacocks around Parma.

never makes much of a success.""One of the most important things in anyone's

334 The Improvement Era for April, 1933

life,"Governor Ross has said more than once, "is and where he was born, that at the earliest opporthat he must want to give service."tunity he bought the place. He still calls it home

He wasted no time. The first thing was the legisand returns there frequently with Mrs. Ross and their

lature in January, 1931. When that was over he daughter, Helen.

started in studying state business and visiting over They also have two grown sons, Dewey and Earl.

Idaho to find out things to be done. He found it Mrs. Ross is a pioneer in her own right, as she was

rapidly. It was another case of misapplied funds born in Wyoming while her parents were crossing the

As these funds belonged to the people of Idaho, he plains. She grew up in Idaho, was educated in that

went about finding and punishing the guilty like a state, taught school awhile, then married Ben Ross crusader. and has worked in community affairs wherever they

There is a powerful earnestness about Governor have lived. She has been a good campaigner too, in

Ross when he is cruhelping him to besading for such a come (governor and cause. He literally remain governor.

forgets himself in the fervor purpose. As though of his JEARINGin one of himhis

to get directly into fervent moments, the hearts and minds when he is extolling of his listeners, he the fortitude of his often leaves the pioneer forebears, or platform and walks urging upon a 1 down the aisles youth the need for where he can talk idealism and loyalty more persuasively in towards the worth the midst of his while things of life, audience. one thinks of the

lesson Harry Lauder /NCE, in a large Governor C. Ben Ross, right; his son, Detcey, left, as cattle ranchers gave the world. On

open gathering, a lonely afternoon where a microphone in the city of Inand loud speaker dianapolis, far from were necessary to his beloved Scotcarry his words even land, the famous to the front row singer strolled out listeners, he became into a park. As he

so enthralled with sat on a bench in the his subject that, of a evening, a lampsudden, he abanlighter started lightdoned the microing the globes along phone and went the street. One after

directly to the front another he reached of the crowd, oratthe posts and the ing and gesturing. lights flicked on. As

The instant he left the shadows grew the microphone his deeper in the gathvoice became inaudering dusk, the ible, as though he lamplighter moved had been shut off a on until he could no radio. The audience Home of Governor Ross, Parma, Idaho longer be seen. But

laughed and some Harry Lauder knew called "speech, speech,"until it dawned upon him that he was still there because the string of lights kept he was talking to thin air. He lowered his arm, lengthening out along the avenue long after the lampgrinned and walked back to the "mike"on the rear lighter had disappeared in the darkness.

of the platform, where he resumed his talk. The lives of some people are like that. Harry

There arc no animosities in the makeup of GoverLauder thought, for the things they say and do nor Ross. In the heat of a political campaign he will continue to lengthen and expand, giving light and

apologize if he feels forced to use harsh personalities inspiration even though they are not with us.

or criticisms concerning his opponents. He is fond A state is fortunate to have a leader with someof using scriptural references to drive home a vital thing more than the ability to supervise the economies

point. He pays high and earnest tribute to those who of government; whose idealism and personality

pioneered the land, because his parents were among throws out an influence that will inspire them in their them. That crusader element makes him fight valown yearning hopes and ambitions, and whose buoyiantly for what he fights at all. The strength in the ant faith and high determination will reflect in a

things of nature is the strength of people to him bebeneficent way upon the institutions of which he is cause his own career is rooted in the rugged and honest the head.

environment of farm life. He cannot get away from The wish of that 13year old lad on a western

it. He so revered the homestead his parents founded, Idaho farm back in pioneer (Continued on page 360)

PREPARING The SOIL For C Tleavers J. H. OLSEN K nBy

Thousands of residents of Utah and tourists from other states have enjoyed the beautiful landscaping at the Utah State Hospital in Provo, Last summer the 'Old Woman Who Lived in a Shoe"was made of flowers and other materials. Mr. John Olsen florist

at the hospital was asked how he succeeded so well with his flowers.

He replied with this article.

This bed during all i bed of tulips in front growing months is lovely of the hospital

these plants things the garden. four a garden have with the best All of these make up

soil, life. water,STARTpossible sun, benourishing plant material, and plant

cause plants will never attain cultivation. These four comprise There are more plants that love

perfection of form or flower withthe necessary factors in creating a the sun than plants that prefer out this preparation. The beginright garden environment. From shade. A sunny spot, then, is the

ning of a successful garden, then, the soil comes two per cent of the first choice. Avoid planting too

lies in getting healthy plants and plant's substance; the other ninetyclose to trees, as they not only

in preparing the soil to receive eight are drawn from moisture and shade the garden, but draw off the them. Purchase good, fresh, seeds the air. To furnish that other nourishment in the soil through

that will germinate and come to two per cent, we enrich the soil; their vast root systems. A sunny,

flower; by so doing you can be in order to furnish the remaining south, gentle slope is the ideal spot

pretty well assured of a good ninetyeight per cent we plant our because of the drainage.

healthy start. flowers in spots where they will The second desirable feature is

The success or failure of the enjoy the light and warmth of the to locate the garden in order that garden depends upon the gardener sun. We cultivate the soil in order it can be appreciated from the

himself. He must see that his to let in air and then we must water house; lay out the garden from

336 The hnprovetnent Era for April, 1933

the Olsen. of One by Mr. and bedded failure than any the cause of more windows, group of in the West. avenues beautiful a mosthouse—athe points of vantage in the East Center Street, Provo, parked clay soil. Shallow preparation is the of factor. In the bottom other a garden is Such door, or a porch.

leafsod, scatter broken border the a house distance at from located this house, the and near garden bone. broken and manure mold, or a path reached be by and may whatever garden; the will be house lime, in rake course the top For stretch of lawn. Founda- a across extra will be else afford can you ashes and meal, some bone wood the to is give designed planting tion is garden the house luxuries but

soil preparation soil. This sandy relagradual a pleasant and house essential. thickly a sufficient for will be is site. its This immediate to tion actogether are grouped Flowers years, five six or for border planted planting, with a shrubbery usually season height, color, to and cording be should garden after the which and perennials of pocketsoccasional weeks succeeding for the of bloom forked manure more and up dug color. seasonal give to bulbs spring, autumn. and of summer border average the in. that time By gardens, bog, of types other The the out two thinning and needs is there lot small yourAXHERE all depend upon shady, rock and time. at the same be can done jobs the is locating little in choice the property the and of nature the

garden. Just place it along the kinds of flowers native to such

property line to frame the picture. environment. Preparing Annual Beds and

place, with varying larger aOn Borders types different levels and of soil, Preparing the Soil for the the kinds of gardens you can make A S annuals last only one season need be limited only by your purse Perennial Border and most all shallow rooted, and your interest in flower growSince the perennial border is inthere is no necessity for such pering. tended to occupy one area for an manent preparation. A good sandy

Try to lay out your gardens so extended length of time, and since, loam with wellrotted manure they are related to one another. So after it is planted, you cannot disforked in deep will answer the

that you pass easily and gradually turb the roots by seasonal excavapurpose. When the annual bed or

from one part to another, then tions, the soil should be made perborder is planted to bulbs in the their beauty is concentrated and manently rich in the beginning and autumn, and bulbs lifted after they that, together with the house, deep, with good drainage, plenty have flowered in the spring, to makes a beautiful picture. Picture of well decayed manure forked in make room for summer bedding

making should be your guide good and deep. Clayey soil should plants, the soil should be enriched

throughout your work. It applies be worked late in the fall and left between these two crops. Annuals

just as much to the large place as rough so the frost will penetrate have a short life and require plenty to the garden designed for a small it, and if too hard use a small of quickacting nourishment to place. amount of lime and horse manure. keep them going; perennials lead a

If the place is large, make a Be sure the drainage is good for (Continued on page 3 60)

J's ilant a Qfiower Garden By MAUD CHEGWIDDEN

garden'A is a lovesome thing, God wot! to Everybody, make life of Christ complants were eagerly

plot,Rose plete, possess should a flower sought nurtured for and in gardens, pool,Fringed

Ferned grot; garden. Out here in the west, mainly for their medicinal qualThe veriest school where land may be bought so ities. Today, although we may

peace. yet the foolOf And cheaply, are where not these herded scorn simple we herbs and their

is not.Contends into cliff like tenements so reputed curative possibilities, many we the eve isNot God—inthat gardens—whenGod dwellers, gardens have we should find health cool? in happiness and may

Nay, for I have a sign: that will carry the fame of our a garden.

'Tis very sure God walks in mine."rich virgin lands and our marvelous Professional men who suffer

climate to the four corners of the from lack of exercise in this strictly

THEfirst Lordgarden,God"eastwardplanted thein earth.Cures for all ills abound in a plotautomobileof ground,age, toneedhaveto purchaseit plough-a

Eden,"and yet to this day garden. Centuries before the birth ed, and then to take their own

there are folks who never set foot good hands and the necessary tools to a spade, and do not realize their "Here in cool grot and mossy dell and rake and pulverize the soil iniquity! The rural fays and fairies dwell,''(Continued on puge 1>77)

Knows 11, Sees 11

a such conclusive (the Friday in ending situation examples was cited Hulda and of by mysitic apof masculine array delightfulBRIEFLYthis: Iris powers that the Madame's had been David

"told by Mme. Yerzini even Larry was somewhat conparel arranged with superb abanKnows All, Sees AH, and Tells vinced. In fact, love being what don.

All; Readings $1.00, Walk In—it is, he was at this moment on his

foretold with the Muses clearly to commune her waythat the future being WedTc.ODAY of literary composition. Unforauthor.marriage to an be opened, nesday, the door could

tunately Larry Hamilton was not Upon entering the sacred portals and was at this moment by Mr.

an author. His hobby during the of the Iota Beta Chi house he went Hamilton. A familiar noise smote

summer months away from school straightway to his room which he his ears: ZZZZZZZZZah, ZZZand his prospective profession was shared with one Digs Burton, It ZZZZZah. Larry hurled the Adthe breeding of pedigreed dogs. was similar to the other rooms of vance Principles of Organic ChemThe Glen Briar Kennels at his the house in that it was strewn istry at the rising and falling

father's country place were already with a litter of hand towels which abdomen of Digs Burton, whose being heard tof in connection with had forfeited their heritage, socks knees and chest snapped together blue ribbons at dog shows. wilted by the wayside, and ties like a steel trap. The Advanced

Vainly had Larry argued with relegated to the dishonor of danPrinciples of Organic Chemistry

Iris that Mme. Yerzini was as apt gling over the wastebasket. There was returned to its owner viciously

to have mentioned any other prowas a rhythmic appearance and disaccompanied by a remark to the fession, but she felt that to conappearance of these articles begineffect that it was a burning shame tinue being engaged to Larry in ning with their absence on Satur- a man couldn't take a beauty sleep the face of such a clear call would day when the rooms were given unharmed. Whereupon Larry reonly be inviting disaster and had a thorough and purposeful cleaning torted that if beauty was the

purpose of his nap, Digs would do / suppose well to emulate Rip Van Winkle.

you're going But within half an hour peace was over to the restored and quiet reigned except fair Iris and for Digs'throaty snoring and the announce clacking of Larry's portable typeyouve conquered the writer.

Fates... It was three days before Digs

By HELEN CARROLL LLOYDand Tells oAll

noticed the persistency with which Iris David was told by a fortune teller

Larry was pounding the typewriter. that she was to marry an author; harry was

"What's the idea of copying not an author and therefore this story.

your notes so early in the semester?"

"Not copying notes."

"Don't tell me it takes you this lay in the fact that Larry was trylong to write home for money ing to write about something of after all the practice you've had?"which he knew nothing. In cor-

"Not writing letters."recting this mistake it was but

Silence. natural that he should choose dogs

"Well, maybe our hero is writfor the subject of his next literary ing for a living?"portrayal. The result was a de-

"You'd be surprised."cided improvement. Even hanging

Clackclack, clack, clacketyparticiples and split infinitives clack. could not hide the charm of newCuriosity conquered and Digs born, blind, wriggling puppies.

satisfied it by employing the simple It was filled with sparkling bits of expedient of peering over his comquaint canine philosophy and inpanion's shoulder to read: "The cidents Larry had garnered from

night was spun of moonbeams and his long association with dogs.

memories, and Allan sat alone by Digs pronounced it unequalled but the fire dreaming of his lost love."Larry was a bit skeptical over the

"You mean his last love don't success of his labor for love. However, the next a second morning Digs. inquired you?"

set sail manuscript over a chartered "Say, you get out of here. This Larry was pounding the typewriter.

editorial of or route ten ofmore is cried business,"of none your its crease middle. betraying down fices. shielding in Larry, the the page the against appeared check black A set, rose sun and and with The typewriter arms. with both list. last the on name as fateful regularity black appeared this chalgallantly rose to Digs "Well!"

list checks the second of "proson it lenge, his business soon and made 'scrap of Another "What's up? pects."tale entire his the friend. had from r paper

in frightful a Larry was mood all her cursed Yerzini and He Mme. be some- "Yes. must There even which could Digs penenot ilk eternal existence in boiling to an story."w!ith thing wrong my trate.

oil the offered to proofread and the side of "Really? Which I here, to read ask "Look you it give masterpiece a and thorough Sherlock did Uncle family your this rot,"Larry one demanded criticism. to?"belong flinging night a popular down it finally done, Larry is was When Digs. the This gags "Cut publication. weekly that "If man list a systematically of out made see Iris that serious. to went I'm, then dogs knows author an all prospective purchasers including she yesterday again greasy and wop ha, ha, ha. Business laughing of selected the magazines; popular of Iris line. the told her But same hollowly."a in the days few he one would if I get just one that could says "Listen, a don't Vacuum, run I saying, pick have "Yes, up it be published a story enough would It's temperature. in hot enough issue,"the this sent in story and called a sure author to enough be here. see Let's the in thorn what its out voymanuscript maiden on be everything then would and side to your has say."picked Digs age. creamy."the up magazine read the and "rot"

if Caesar's mother had and "Yes discussion. under to think "And

in I wouldn't England It was returned with lived gets be he paid for it!"he said wonalarming dispatch. The printed breaking in new brain paths on deringly as he finished.

rejection slip held cold comfort as this Latin grammar."

prospect number one was crossed "What about Caesar's father?

off. A week or two passed and the But lay off the dead languages, ThLHERE followed a critihateful selfaddressed envelopes beDigs, and help me put some life cism which would have put to

came a bane to Larry's existence. in this."shame the most vitriolic literary

The multicolored rejection slips "Ask me something hard,"critic. In complete disgust Larry

made an ironically gay streak on pleaded Digs as he deserted the strode to the desk to attack a the wall where they had been mighty Roman Ruler. lengthy Economic assignment. He

thumbtacked. After a lengthy consultation it read belligerently for almost an

The afternoon mail brought anwas decided that the root of the hour when he stopped midway in other long white envelope with the undesirability of the manuscript a page to ponder over the follow340 The Improvement Era for April, 1933 ing words: "The value of any reverie. He swiveled around Stone. Would you like to see

product is directly dependent upon slowly. them?"

the supply and demand."He read "What is it Miss Peterson?""No, no, not just now. I'll

again.them mused, he "H'm,"this read tonight manuscript and interbeg "I for your pardon idea the neverfunny struck had let in the you morning what know rupting, Stone, corthe but Mr. before.him it. to Peterabout Miss do And, respondence department has had Digs, think do you "Hey what I interest in appreciate son, your requests for numerous more dog this a for salesof idea?"had He ear the to keeping attuned your stories. been have coming They talkthepounced and on bed was readers."of wishes our all in the from country."over excitedly.ing sir, sir,"thank "Yes and you

The next morning the sound of The Big Gun was immediately the door closed softly.

a portable typewriter awakened alert to the demands of his public.

"Well, about Mr. Wiley whatseveral less the of ambitious memthe next Di'URING writing has been dog stories Iotabers of the Beta Chi as it was who the to day four more letters cameheard on the early morning air. for us—attention of the correspondence

Instead of its usual sandwich of "He has gone to Canada to do editor of Plots and Plans stating two sheets of white and one sheet special articles for the Home and their preference for dog stories very of carbon paper, the typewriter was Family,"apologized Miss Petersimilar to the one submitted by being fed dignified slices of heavy son faintly. Mr. Larry Hamilton, only of

manila decorated with the Iota "The Home! and Family? Arcourse they did not mention that

Beta Chi seal. When the twentyumph! Well, well, well. Let's young man.

fourth letter was finished, ensee. Haven't we any other conThe fact that the twentyfour

velopes were served to the machine. tributing authors who could give letters were from the twentyfour

Whereupon they were stamped us something along that line?"cities in the United States boasting

and the letters inserted. But along "Mr. Jackson would be the only chapters of the Iota Beta Chi was

with every letter bearing the fraone, sir, and his last story was not lost entirely upon Mr. Stone whenternity's insignia, went another—er—er exactly well received you the letters were laid before him. He

missive already sealed and stamped. remember."was conscious only that his readers

Each of these envelopes was dif- "Yes, yes, I remember,"asserted wanted dog stories and he blessed ferent and although everyone bore Mr. Stone, and he shuddered Mr. Hamilton for having stepped

the same address, they appeared to slightly. Several derogatory comso aptly into the breach left by the

have been written by 24 different ments had been received by the departure of Mr. Wiley to the

persons. This task completed, correspondence department followranks of Home and Family and

Larry sealed the large envelopes ing its publication. the unfortunate reception of Mr.

containing their double message "But, Mr. Stone, I have here a Jackson's tale. This was not a

and grinned broadly. story that was submitted by a new bad story either. Full of heart

author which seems to fill the bill, interest to doglovers and a rather you will allow me to use that interesting style withal. So it was was if Big Gun TtHE expression?"later that not strange conference a few days weeklyfinishing his

with the staff of the Plots and "Well now, let's see the story. a check and letter of acceptance was

letters did you say we dispatched to the author of thePlans short story magazine. He How many

cleared his throat for the twentieth had received asking for another dog manuscript.

time that morning and continued: story?"

"And I would like to remind you "I should say about twenty, Mr. DiGS! Digs! Would

again that we are all one great big you, could you, believe it. Bite

family working to give our pubthis and see if it's real."Larry

lic the best short stories written. exploded into the room waving a

We must appeal to the tired busiwhite slip of paper above his head ness man and woman, the vacalike a banner of victory.

tionist, the sportsman, the house- "What's the song and dance this wife and farmer. Plots and Plans time?"said Digs, eyeing the paper

must be a finger on the pulse of suspiciously, "We have read your the great American masses. The story with interest but regret that

correspondence department must it does not fill any immediate need have an alert ear attuned to the deof this magazine?"

sires of our readers and such re- "I'll say not. Words and music

quests as they make, we must try by First National playing the to fulfill. Arumph. That will march of fifty iron men—and see

be all until next Wednesday."here's the letter they wrote acceptThe staff of Plots and Plans ing the story."

scattered to their posts, with ears "There, there, now just lie alert to the wishes of the masses down and relax. It'll go away

and the welcomje sound of the noon pretty soon. Digs'I'il roommate

gong. been studying too hard."

That afternoon the Big Gun "Oh yeah? Well it hadn't betwas sitting in a haze of smoke, ter go away until I show Iris. I

pleasantly ruminating on the fuhope this convinces Mme. Yerzini

ture of Plots and Plans when a that you can't keep a good man cautious cough broke in on his down and that love will out. Gee,

The Improvement Era for April, 1933 341

to think that plan worked Uke it "Oh tell her you went to visit did. Here, gimme the letter and TTELEN CARROLL LLOYD Mme. Yerzini yourself, then hand

check. I'm going over to see Iris *- -* comes by her writing naturher a big line of hooey about your

now."Larry was prancing around ally, as she is a daughter of Elsie future prospects."

like a young colt, eager to be off. Chamberlainbest known writersCarroll,in onethe Church.of the As the scowl on Larry's face did

"Listen fever, 'becalmed, beMrs. Lloyd is the wife of Don not lift at this suggestion Digs

calmed'as the seamen cried when Lloyd and is making her home in went on pityingly, "You don't

Salt City. Mts. Lake Both Lloyd sails, I left the suppose the wind Well so quick catch you? do on her uKre graduated husband andyou're present going over and more. it once over I'll go Now University Brigham Young

Irisyourself fair the before and from concentrate."that time have spent and since tuM

announce that you've conquered or three years in Washington, D. C.

the Fates and all's well again with the cards and crystals?"Tv..HE sun was almost

the time the for history "Well not?"day do by why What seas lofty the or clouds high when fortifelt well I've that thinkyou that Larry been Digs plunking was

a lose merrygo-round makes you for? fiedportable to interview brave an think you do enough What interest telling in food. I'm you

I all Iris to the wrote accomchapters other David. Miss with He this for pal. good, old your own for, the steps to asking the to panied those forward them him down that gotta her cure of You've

letters talkif certain it at dates telephone booth, wasn't community gotta complex. You've mediumto Iris? earnestly, waited ing square to myself and with him Now boss, that her she who's show and give certain c'mon, that check while Larry without made me and can't run one around from you

letter."at that and lady young home was profession another, to depending

it. that's "Yes, just appearance. his Square welcome would

lie. cards this the on All how

Iris,yourself for departed with from the but boys two Then how telling hurts I'm you you more will startedlong stay fraternity squared? the house you and Well

it it's does than but me, you what

I'll tell street. you. Exactly the to but up down if still need. go you wantjo Nownot including Iris the time that can think Iris trotting tell rememto you over you "Do her and

visits teller another fortune or all questioned. that?"ber slain Digs the you've threeheaded dranumerologist. She's bugs on 'em

gon and what's next on the pro- "Sure,"replied Larry, "and telland will believe anything they gram, blessing ahead go and why I lot on a probably up make more Djigsher."his to was warming

little a you, pulled on Digs man."alight the scene."eyes were Hissubject. these of many "How handkerchief of questionable color conspiracy. withfakes tell will think you do her his nether pocket from and mopped

is destinedthat she to the soul be it right, thick. lay "That's on his stole did a brow. he so he As ofmate Laurence Mr. Hamilton. tell can't Well, her much. too You at glance Larry standing was who just asking many, I'm you,How I'll here. leave to up Got go you silent a sharp with pucker between

gethow many?"his eyes. Finally he spoke to the library—remember,

started before she does and good mean Iris would Larry luck."Ai.S

teller fortune started to would"You—youask anothergive the results of his computations

Digs swung off at right angles as to "how many"would give this that same question after—after

answer he was silenced by Digs'this?"after giving Larry a hearty slap on

waving finger. "Sure."his broad sweatered back.

"You just keep quiet until I get "But why. You said yourself Presently Larry sauntering up

through and then if you still want she believed in such things. Why the walk of the House of David

to go and make a fool of yourself, would she ask again after I'd made spied Iris clad in white organdie why go ahead; I won't lift my the first prediction come true?"and looking lovely as she sat idly

finger to stop you. You finally "Don't ask me. Just the nature swaying the porch swing.

sold a story by pulling off a regular of the species. They've always "Hi there,"he called, "you look sales campaign. How long do you asked that question—and they alas cool as a snow princess."

think it would have taken you if ways will,"he added prophetically.

you hadn't written all those letLarry sank to the edge of the "Then I'm downright deceitters? No, I'm not through yet. bed, the thrilling letter and check ful,"she laughed as she made

If I gave you a chance to talk you'd forgotten in the face of new obroom for him beside her on the say, 'Well, I sold a story and stacles. swing. "But what did you have

that's all I bargained to do, wasn't "Aw cheer up. The case isn't to tell me Larry. I've been simply

it? I'm an author.'But was hopeless. It's just like I was tellconsumed with curiosity ever since

phoned.that for? ing bargained all you gotta of you cure her What Is—is

about your being tellers believing "archiYerzini you—you'vein these fortune had said if Mme. an—anit somethingauthor?"

tect"or "artist"instead of "auand crystal gazers."she asked expectantly, her eyes

thor?"You were just lucky the "Well what would you suggest. shining up at him.

first time. When Iris goes mystic Should I write a book disclosing "Well sort of,"Larry drew an

again what'U prevent the Alltheir evil practices?"Larry offered envelope from the fold in his

Powerful Crystal Gazer from ansarcastically. sweater and handed it to her. The

swering her when she asks 'what "Now that you mention it lamp light from the window enkind of man am I going to marry?'no!"brightly responded Digs, abled her to read its contents and

by saying that she is destined to "Why don't you try playing her when she had finished she breathed become the wife of an aviator or at her own game?"softly.

sea captain. I can see you sailing "How?"{Continued on page 378)

y

In this article a man who has suffered from the invasion of the machine as all have suffered directly or indirectly comes to the support of themachine y but insists that inimertcan By telligent people should make the machine support them W. J. HOLDER

rather than be compelled to support the machine. Above unemployment—unemployment

which resulted when machines disally he believes the Ameri- placed men.

cans Job should be protected. They said nothing the governBefore we can really understand ment had proposed constituted a a method of protectingMthe Amerconstructive policy. "Such a polican job, we must understand a

industrial involve an must to has little of happened what of icy of a group REPORT solving solution, of some method to need cause the job American estiEngineers, American problem. the unemployment Some protection, it has come and how

be that there would mated with system must be achieved a little the about. must know WeA of out wageearners 11,000,000 widest dispensation of benefits and of machinery workings about the

employment during the winter. the least incidental misery. and how it is employed to displace

The Engineers also predicted that "The 'fiveday week, the Reconworkers, and why it is employed to 20,000,000 wageearners would struction Finance Corporation, low displace workers in many cases.

be jobless within two years. cost housing projects, and similar We must understand that we have

The engineers'survey was not measures enlisted in the fight to two classes of machinery: one, a

concerned with the problem of bring back prosperity will have progressive class, the other a retrostarving men, women and children, little or no effect on the steady gressive type; or, in other words,

but was the result of ten years'growth in the number of wageone that produces labor and creates effort and study of technological earners displaced by machines,"jobs, the other that absorbs labor they said. and abolishes jobs. Until one unThis being the case, some feasderstands the difference between

ible method must be devised to these two classes of machines, it is protect the American job, for if difficult to understand how a jobthe workers are not employed, we protecting system could work. So

cannot build up an adequate purwe shall begin first by learning chasing power for our nation's why and how machines displace business. men, and if this displacement is always for the welfare of our nation

and the good of the people generally, or, if it is most generally for the greed of a few profitmad individuals.

The Improvement Era for April, 1933 343

able, but it is certain that the "Seven huge harvestingma- figures for the present time are conchines, each designed to cut 500 siderably smaller. Some estimate tons a day, took to the undulating

them to be as low as 40 workers. fields of the Southern Sugar ComBefore going further into the pany in the Everglades, near here,

discussion of protecting the Amerfor the first time in the history of ican job, let us look up a few stathe industry, and eight more simtistics which can be found at most ilar harvesters are to be put to work any public library. shortly.

One American automobile "Each miachine is capable of worker in 1929 did as much work doing the work of 200 handla- as 14 such workers did 25 years borers. Sugarmen say they expect

before. This is shown by the rethe harvesters to do for the canesearches of a group of scientists In growers what 'the combines have

the industrial engineering departdone for the wheatfarmer In the ment of Columbia University. Middle West.

They back the astounding state- "P. G. Bishop, receiver for the

ments with figures, as follows: sugar company, estimated that

A manhour in their discussion with the machines In operation, is one man working for one hour. the company could reap a net

"In 1904, it took 1,291 manprofit of $1,500,000 from this hours to make a car. In 1919, it year's crop."

took 313 manhours to make a car. From the Musicians'Magazine,

In 1929, it took 92 manhours to we read: "More than 300,000

make a car—incidentally, a much musicians have lost their jobs in

better car. the picture show houses since the

"In 1919, the auto plants of the advent of the talking pictures."

United States employed 606,410,- From The Literary Digest, 000 manhours to make 1,600,- April 25, 1931, page 19, we read:

000 automobiles. "This 'piano'-type control key-

"Ten years later, in 1929, it board was designed by the comtook only 521,469,000 manhours pany so that one person can easily to make 5,600,000 automobiles. control a large number of auxiliary

In ten years, the output had been mill drives."

multiplied by three and a half, while the employment had dropFrom The Electrical Journal, we ped 14 per cent."read: "Gone are the days when

the traveling public and railway

TN another research in the coal employees take chances on flaws fields, we find, that in 1919, it occurring in the rails over which took an average of 1600 manour transcontinental trains whiz

T TP until the beginning of the hours to produce 1200 tons of along at the rate of 60 miles an twentieth century, machinery coal. While in 1931, it took an hour, all because a robot investiwas in a stage of more or less exaverage of 320 manhours to progator is employed to detect the

perimentation. It took many men duce 1800 tons of coal. flaws In the rails as well as paint

to build machines, and many more We read from The Literary Dithe rail at the location of the flawto operate them. The automatic gest, March 7, 1931, page 30:—thereby relegating the track

device and remote control systems "A new era in sugarcane harwalker with his keen eye to the were unheard of. But from the vesting dawned in Florida today. ranks of the unemployed."

beginning of the twentieth century rapid gains have been made in the progress of labor saving machinery, not with the intention of lightening the work of 'the people generally, but for the sole purpose of obtaining high profits and low labor costs. Each year conditions

have grown worse, until now, we are on the brink of an unemployment disaster. Some call it a business depression.

According to the National Industrial Conference Board, for the average of all manufacturing industries, an output that required 109 workers in 1900, was produced by 100 workers in 1914, and by only 71 workers in 1925.

Later statistics are not now avail344 The Improvement Era for April, 1933

'"pHIS robot, operated by two will be no need for bonuses or of high profits and low labor costs, men, will travel over 160 miles charity. to help just a few people create

of track daily, thus doing the work We hear daily the plea for the great wealth.

that formerly required 8 men to creation of more jobs for our We must learn that a permanent watch. No doubt the machine can workers, in order to get them back prosperity of any part of our peodo this job better, but why should to work. Of what use is there in ple was conditioned upon the prosthe machine not be made responscreating more jobs, until some perity of all; and that on the other

ible for the support of a part of method is worked out to protect hand any effort to raise the general the six men whose jobs it has taken the jobs that are already created? level of happiness by striking at the

permanently. The two men, who If a job is created, it is no time wellbeing of a portion of the peoremain to operate it, will most until some laborsaving scheme for ple could not be but in the end

likely be assessed a small percentage high profit is devised to do the disastrous to all.

of their wages to help support the work mechanically, and the maWe readily see the necessity of unemployed. But what will the jority of the men employed are the emigration laws, to protect the

machine that has taken their jobs forced to rejoin the ranks of the people against the invasion of forbe assessed? So far nothing has unemployed. eign labor; but so far we have

ever been paid by the machines, for failed to see the necessity of a law supporting the unemployed, whose ANYONE doubting the asserprotecting our people against the jobs they have taken. tion, in regard to machines invasion of certain kinds of maThe Telephone Company has being built rapidly to displace men, chines, without paying part of the

displaced many thousands of girlhas but to turn to the weekly news price of displacement of the laborer.

magazine, 15, "Time,"of June of this article At the beginning at theiroperators switchboards will find he 1931, page 5 1. There in- I showed how the automobile or rather an autowith the dial,

matic system. The newspapers an advertisement by an engineering dustry had lowered the amount of

carried a news item stating that company, offering to build any manhours to produce a car. Yet,

3,000 girls had been displaced in kind of a machine needed to disthe automobile in itself is the greatone city. That was a few years place the "slow, costly hand laest producer of labor that we have.

ago, and at that time we thought bor."But as slow and costly as It produces almost onefourth of

it gives the labor in our country. Accordit a great and clever laborsaving the hand labor may seem,

scheme; but today we are beginto us something that the swift ing to the National Automobile

ning to see the folly lof the scheme. moving machine can never give us. Chamber of Commerce, there were

For such schemes have put millions It gives us a purchasing power, a more than 8,000,000 workers diof people out of work, and left us power, that the machinery of the rectly employed in making autowithout a purchasing power. labor saving class can never give mobiles and parts, at one time in

us, without which all machinery is 1926. There were another 4,-

indefinitely could go on One worthless. workers 000,000 employed by inindustrial casesciting and where abolish not to wish We do the dustries created the automobile, by disconcerns havemanufacturing as age, writers machine have some as road building supplysuch and

placed meworkers with many it suggested; just to use want we details materials, of ing of raw for contrivances;chanical some, intelligently. Everyone knows, oil, gasoline, servequipment, and

far of butthe betterment mankind, studied, use has that must we who ices of various kinds. This must for the sole thein purpose majority if are to progress. machinery we as figured the all be of produce

costs. profit laborof high and low it use try to not must conBut we automobile.

We are told that the depression trary to the laws of nature. It

began in 1929. This may be must be used to help all mankind, '"pHE automobile in itself, takes

when big business began to feel it; and not used for the sole purpose no man's job, but is constantbut to the working class, it has ly creating jobs. Although there

existed ever since the end of the late have been many labor saving

World War. schemes used in the automobile) inThere were no jobs waiting for Indestructible dustry that would come under the

the returning soldiers as they arBy Alien Stephenson job protection system, the autorived home from the military mobile in itself would not be incamps. From that date, one could COMMON table salt cluded in this class. The autofind hundreds of men at the gates Can be broken up mobile is now taxed from 4 to 17

of the industrial plants of our naInto sodium and chlorine. times more than any other piece

the same valuation tion, every morning, looking for AndThe sodiumthe chlorineexistsexists of machinery of jobs. Each year it has grown And nothing is lost. in the country. The taxes on the

worse, until today men know there automobile should be drastically are no jobs left, and so we find The beauty of a sunset, too, lowered, and shifted on to the mathem now walking the streets, cryIsIntobrokena thousandup chines that are used for high profit.

ing for bonuses, doles, charity, or Constituent parts In this way we would create a whatever they can get, which isn't That fade better market for the automobile, much. They will continue to walk And seem as nothing. and it would create still more jobs.

that exists beauty But if streets, radio, inthe they if used don't the home, The do some- * * * * * (Somewhere is until a worse,thing job used producer; but we have when glows proAnd again—

it profit, tection the for in public beplace jobs. for a American ever Always again and

After that there will be no cry for * * * Somewhere * * * comes a labor saving scheme, if it bonuses or doles. Men will be at In a human 'Soul! takes the place of musicians in pubwork with the machine and there lic performances. The same is true

.

The Improvement Era for April, 1933 345

of the phonograph, or any mechanis being used at present in Florida. they will buy. After that, very

ical form of music. And when Each machine displaces 200 men little of the money goes to the

used for public performances, for who were formerly paid $3.00 per public as a purchasing power for

profit, it should come under the day. These men received $600 the nation, but goes into the banks

job protection system. per day for wages. The machine as created wealth.

Under our present laws, if used that has displaced them cost $15,- It is this kind of laborsaving in a public performance for profit, 000. By using the machine for scheme introduced during the last

it is privately taxed, by a group of only 25 days, the original cost of 1 5 years, that has given the nation individuals, known as The Amerthe machine can be met from so many unemployed people, and ican Society of Composers and money saved in wages. The 200 so small a purchasing power.

Publishers. men who were formerly employed

Any device used in the medical in the canefields are now jobless, TX7HEN a mining company inprofession, if used in any way to and have ceased to have a purchasstalled a cardumping maheal the sick, cannot be classed as a ing power. The $18,000 per chine at one of their concentrate

labor saving scheme, for it is not month that was formerly paid in mills at a cost of $125,000, they used for the sole purpose of diswages, to be spent by the workers received no little mention in the placing other people in the profesfor the necessities of life, which state papers where the work was sion or for high profits for the created a purchasing power for the done, commenting upon the wonpeople who use it. Such a device nation, are now paid as profits to derful device. One paper even

is of the real progressive type of a few people. But, if we rememstated how the company was lookmachinery. ber there are 1 5 machines at work, ing out for the welfare of its emThe telephone, when not coneach displacing 200 men, for a ployees, by making their plant all

nected with an automatic device, is total of 3000 harvest hands, the modern. Here is the inside story

a labor producer; but when it besavings in wages for the sugar of that change from man to macomes an automatic system, it becompany amounts to $270,000 chine. It required 30 men on a

comes a dangerous labor saving per month. This money no longer shift to dump cars and break up

scheme. is used as a purchasing power for the rocks that were too large to

When the telephone company our nation, but is used to divert go into the crushers. By installing

built an automatic system in one wealth into the hands of a few the dumper and a larger rock of the large eastern cities, at the people. crusher two men on a shift could

cost of $5,000,000 many people Mr. Bishop, receiver for the do the work that was before rewondered how they could get their sugar company, was not far wrong quiring 30 men. The outlay for

investment returned to them in in his estimating, that the comthe change would be $125,000.

any reasonable length of time. This pany would reap a net profit of The men at that time received

automatic system was built to dis- $1,500,000 from the year's labor $4.50 per day. The machine displace 3,000 girl telephone opersaving scheme. placed 84 men (28 on each shift)

receiving welreators averan find in saving the wages that who find, that We on investigation, We at thatage of a week will wage $18 of pejr day, $4.50 84 men on firms few will invest more if a very for figuretime. the for we a little than pay more Now

minute, we shall find that the than $2500 per man displaced, for change in 331 days. machinery. pretty must be They the autousingwages saved by countless are of numbers There

that their investment will will sure formatic system 22 months being schemes be these labor saving be $5,148,000. From this date returned within two years or they used today to displace workers. will not take of the the chance the using dissaved byon the wages ago, these years men, Ten investment. will not Many profits, clear are practicallymachine a pretty stood machines, go placed by

as the expense of maintenance is beyond $1500 per mancost-disgood chance of being absorbed in very small. placement, and others must be asother lines of industry; but the

There are many of these labor sured that the machine will save its scheme of using machines has saving schemes being used, price in wages the first year, before grown to such large proportions through the nation, that have that today there is very little opgradually broken down the purportunity of men's getting jobs.

of country,chasing our power the Efiiciency has increased on and Prayer if are to regain be stoppedmust activwe average so rapidly that new the purchasing power that is necesBy Aurelia Pyper ities are not sufficient to care for sary to keep business functioning of workers the growing number TT'Sproperly. machines. That's by -* A prayersuch a simple thing, displaced

A few words breathed in faith and trust, why we must have "Protection for 'M'O thinking person should be A plea for help when someone must. the American Job"if we want a

opposed to machine labor, but And it is there. purchasing power for our country.

every patriotic citizen should be It's such a humble thing, A protective labor system, opposed to the profits which ma- A prayer which could be made very effective chine labor has created the last few Sincerely asked on bended knee, in protecting the workers against years at the expense of the working FromAnd heartssouls inlaiddeepbare.humility; unemployment, would work somepeople. thing like this: If a firm was

thing, a precious such cite the effects of a job, employing a few I might and 200 men on prayer It'sA that of the invented that can machines a machine wasmore would talk the veil, with God across be A classed as of the dangerous laborThe knowledge that He will not fail displace 100 workers, the firm saving type. For instance, let me His love to share. could be compelled to use the marefer to the "caneharvester"that (Continued on page 380)

34S WHY THE ROCKY MOUNTAIN FACULTY <thletic (onference By RALPH J. GILMORE

Since the Rocky Mountain Athletic Conference includes the most thickly -populated area of the Churchy and since thousands of young men of this region including a high percentage of Latterday

Saint men participate in athletics in one or the other of these institutions of higher learning this article by Professor R. J. Gilmore,

secretary of the Conference ought to be of paramount interest.

widespread interest in membership of nearly four hun1909 and one from Utah State THEcollege athletics is one of the dred universities and colleges. Agricultural College at the meetmost striking developments The Rocky Mountain Faculty ings of 191112-13. The Coloof modern times. With this interAthletic Conference organized rado School of Mines joined the

est has come the obligation of edu1909 is now listed among the ten conference November 4, 1909, cational institutions to so control most prominent and best operated University of Utah March 26, and direct athletic activities that conferences in the United States. 1910, University of Denver May

they might prevent too serious in- 7, 1910. At this latter date the

terference with the academic prorN January 30, 1909, represenname was changed to the Rocky gram and to develop and safeguard tatives of the University of Mountain Faculty Athletic Conany educational values peculiar to Colorado, Colorado College, and ference.

organized games. the Colorado Agricultural College Utah State Agricultural College

Individual colleges sought to organized the Colorado Faculty was admitted February 28, 1914, establish their own rules and to Athletic Conference. A constituMontana State College January 6,

control their own athletic affairs. tion land eligibility rules were 1917, Brigham Young University

A few of the larger stronger ones formally adopted. The first rules January 12, 1918, University of

succeeded rather well. But the were chiefly a codification of the Wyoming January 8, 1921, Westgreat majority, however strong, generally accepted unwritten rules ern State College and Colorado

found it highly desirable to pool under which intercollegiate conState Teachers College, December their several experiences and to tests had been held in the Rocky 6, 1924; the University of New

evolve common codes under which Mountain region up to that time. Mexico was affiliated with the conall should operate. And so deRepresentatives from the Colorado ference from 1910 until 1931,

veloped the idea of the athletic conSchool of Mines and the University when the Border States Athletic ference. The first of these to be of Denver attended conference Conference was organized; Mt. St.

organized, the Western Intercolsessions as guests from the beginCharles has been affiliated since legiate Athletic Conference, came ning, while a representative from 1927.

into existence in 1895. Since then the University of Utah was presEach institution is represented

7 have been organized with a ent at the December meeting of in the conference by a member of

TACVVTY COACHES REPRESEJ\. R. M. A. C.

TATIVES Front row, left Front rotv, left to right: T. L.

to right: H. L, Mead, W. S, C; Fred IF.

Marshall, V. of Dixon (Asst,

v.; Ralph J. Coach), B. Y.

Giltnore, C, C; f/.; Harry

A. C. Hughes, Nelson, A. C.

C.; Ike Arm-

v.; D, JJ. A, IS. strong, of

Sorenson, JJ. S. U; Myron E.

A. Ci C. HenWitham (Forry Smith, C. nt e r Coach),

v. Back row, C. JJ.', ISewelt

left to right J. Cravath, D

C. E. Davis, W. S. C; S. H. Knight, Wyoming I/.; D. B. JJ. Back row, left to right: J. R. Rhodes, W. JJ.; C. H. Allen,

Swingle, M. S.; J. C. Fitterer, C. Mines, Parley A. C. M.; W. H. Saunders, C. JJ.; E. L. Romney, JJ. S, A. C,;

Christenson, B. Y. V, G. O. Romney, B. Y. JJ.; Vundergraaf, C. C.

The Improvement Era for April., 1933 347

UTAH MEMBERS R. M. F. A. C.

Brighani Young University Utah State Agricultural College University of Utah

the faculty of professorial rank rules affect the eligibility of the who make recommendations to the and entrusted with power to act. student to participate in intercolinstitutions involved. During the

An organization of Athletic Direclegiate contests. Such rules include past 10 years 125 decisions have

tors consisting of one representative regulations as to registration and been recorded. Many questions

from each conference institution residence, scholarship previous to are settled without committee acworks with the faculty group. participation, scholarship during tion. Where literal enforcement

participation, absence from college, works a clear injustice an appeal to rURING the twentythree years migration, transfers from junior the conference may be made. This

of its active existence the concollege, extent of participation, and is known as the "manifest hardference has built up an elaborate compensation. All questions of ship"rule.

code of rules and machinery for eligibility are referred to a comAnother group of rules deal with enforcement. A large group of mittee of three conference members (Continued on page 382)

ADMimSTRATlON BUILDINGS OF UNIVERSITIES AND COLLEGES BELONGING TO R. M. F. A. C.

Top row, left to right: Colorado School of Mines, Colorado Teachers College, Colorado A. C.

Center: Montana State College, Wyoming University.

Bottom row, left to right: Colorado College, Colorado University, Western State College.

34S

""%., IXTEEN

too 'atf o. *ooti'.o. *

'.T

ee J My Birthday Comes %V JT'S sweet, now that I'm this old.

Idea of Ambition

I can do hair up my when it grows something is in me can longer. nnHERE buy some pink fingernail polish. * * pushes.* and to go That tugs IAnd dances in long dresses.

I can have high heels and bright buckles. AndI wantgettoverygo veryrich andfar away.famous.

people, to In be kind my heart love me people have Though nowI canhe'scalljustDavidthe boymy nextBeau,door. AndAnd

beautiful. I am And think

surprising, sweet how a moon. there's when can't sleep Everything this that I'm old. I How happyis—nowand dream and window by the I stand

something nic is In There * * * pushes. and That tugs

mice UNICE died last night. Party

She was a Senior, and tall, HTHE girls talk all day about the party. seventeen. And She debated

talk They warmly their about dresses.And wrote poetry sometimes.

are "What you going to wear?"they say

She had a lot of things: To me. "What are you going to wear?"

all notebook with our namesA scrawled green,"I "My say. "Oh, my green dress,"Every which way, and agate ring, an

Carelessly.

linen collars cuflFs.And and many

I it bought yesterday. I scarf remember her the with red dots I never a had before. Formal her dark blue coat tarn.And and

AndI rememberhow smooththe wayhershehairlaughedwas. It'sI'm sewedso happyall Iovercouldwithcry littleeasy aspetals,laughing.my dress.

And my slippers pose and tilt and twinkle.

I didn't think she could die.

Orientation Process

/fiy T EPT today because Life was futile.

And strange and disappointing.

I wept because I have freckles,

And because an actor that I love has died.

, I wept because nobody understands me, / Or loves me, or realizes about me.

But in the afternoon I walked with David

Decorations by- '< And in the nice sun felt kind and lovely.

together. a chocolate malt had

store in the cool drug we talked a long time. C. NELSON WHITE '—/'WeAnd

The world is beautiful.

And Now It puzzles me.

actress, like I'd to be an J THINK tall with one a wide mouth blonde A sweet I think I'd like to be a dancer. f|f|gj|c

Bright, goldslippered, loved by a Prince. Episode

write a book. like to I think I'd

tender, thatpeople would cry over. T SIT in the shadows and stare Brilliant,

the Librarian. At good She is old and thin /

tilt. her glasses And Her hair goes wispy I think I'd like to be'John's mother.

He is all over pink and his eyelashes /< And her neck looks very soft and loose.

eyebrows. his silky Curl and touch

as'I feel if, suddenly, I could for her. weep is queer and soft. Hisjnouth

I feel as if she for to Weep needs me is gone. what

He hugged me today with his small arms jl all Outside thre is a sky gilt amazingly And cried -against my throat. -

girl a brightcurled And blows a blue dress. by in

ii A U

Crush m,i HE Latin teacher is beautiful and sweet.

He wears glasses and has white teeth.

I put the lace collar on my red dress

This morning, and combed my hair a new way.

I think it looks like Norma Shearer.

I think he'll look at me some morning soon.

And I'll look back, and look, and smile.

And he'll see how important, how nice, I am. ScatterBrained

He will say, "This—why, this is my soul mate!'at Miss Baum. J STANDShe teachesandHistory.look Her eyes.

'SheBehindis crossglass,becausehave nearmy tears;notebook \ Isn't in today, nor was yesterday. People Go Talking

I look at her think, and "Did anyone old sat in the man sun rocked. and N love Ever a great deal? you Have you His eyes smiling and blinking. Cried yourself sleep to over ever.'"He told me anyone,

I could get anything at waiting. And, you dress little a have "Do all—by with petals?

Do you go singing inside yourself?"

Once there was a lecturer at school.

stopped, He stairs the on me says, and said, 'She "I don what's t know come over "you. surprised "Be forever at things. Can't keep you your on anything? mind

you'll Then be always young."

Mrs. Carroll, across the street, leaned

And looked at her bigeyed Baby John..

vShe said Love was the dearest thing in life.

The girl with chrysanthemumcolored hair,

Working down at the drug store, said not

To live with what is finished and done.

Once David, in a queer mood by the lilacs.

Told me I had a pretty nose.

Told me be loved my hair. * * *

Qhristmas Trees live at

A little early to be talking about Christmas trees? Head the article and see. T)oorsOur

By J. H. PAUL

the mutiIts cones, not halt thing of about beauty. weSHALL fist, are size a large of man's Forests and the Western lation of

rtijake beautiful our parks, apple green in color, rarely borne, and occurring in small erect clusters lanes, and gardens? This project at the very tip of the pointed spire

for scout leaders, and all citizens, in which the tree culminates.

to enormous the stop put a would silgrace, strength, the the The of time Christmas at destruction species this striking hue, very make fortrees in Western evergreen the tree a elegant. Christmas and As

ests. Endless trainloads of young it has the further advantage of

conifers, each averaging 30 years in holding its leaves long after being

Deroll every into market growth, for into decorative use brought trees. for as Christmas use cember is that purposes. thought But my

is Supmonumental.The waste rarely cut it should be and down

are trees million ten that posing inside house, placed the but should thus cut each year, we have a total of be planted in the garden in little ten million times thirty years or 300 clumps where it will not obstruct labor of nature Decorated as it stands alive in the—thatmillion muchyears ofofthegrowth sacrificed the view from and to (the windows.

annually "slaughtered to make a open, it would be an object of inRoman holiday,"as Byron puts describable beauty, typical of lastit; but not so, for the Romans ing life rather than of the witherperpetrated no such prodigal waste Eternal Christtiias Trees ing and decay that trees cut down

of potential wealth as we permit; signify all too soon.

they didn't have it to throw away. Mountain states should plant and This tree, the writer has long

Shall we not preserve these free rear as many native evergreens as since ventured to maintain, should gifts of the bounty of nature, many possible, both to beautify parks be cultivated in gardens and parks, of them irreplaceable after even and private grounds, to make and used to elevate the taste of tree thirty years of waiting for them screens for outbuildings, windlovers, besides being suitably decto grow again after replanting? breaks about cattle and sheep enorated as a symbol of the life

Wantonly wasted by a thoughtless closures, and to serve as Christmas eternal during Christmas celebracause—thepublic, thoughcause inof aChristmasmost worthycheer treesquire forto bethe thinnedmarket whenout. they reseems,tions. haveOnlyevera beenfew grownspecimens,in theit

succeed in making valleys of Utah; but wherever—shall we never

folly? this of supreme an end rich ornate, they look grown, and conifers are for marvelous npHE all the of canyons In Rocky a life fulness with of beauty and decoration. midwinter These native cutting the of Mountains tree this that distinguish glorious conebearers, foliaged in green wintrees for evergreens Christmas all its in noble kindred Westfrom ter, a of impart beauty background prohibited law and should be by forests. ern the south, yellow Far a especially to landscape, to any sentipublic discountenanced by pine, green, majestic bright and ice landscape of snow. and Yet yearly continuous ment. These its a needles long imparting with are attractive kinds than some more trees raids of millions our for from foxtail to aspect branches the of

it is call others; to to attention and will forests yet be our Western trees, the younger should become

is article these this written. that coniferous have undoing. no We tree living the of southChristmas

trees to spare. We need them all To the writer's taste, the finest ern counties, as the white fir should

in their place on the mountains. of all our local evergreens for be in the northern belt.

Only as Western forest trees are Christmastime decoration is the replaced by systematic replanting, white fir (the "black balsam"of '\X7'ILL they grow in cultivation?

should any of the immature trees early days), Abies concolor of the The yellow pine is of easy ever be cut down. Nor should they books. It is a noble species, with growth in garden culture. The

in any way be injured by needless broad base and tall top, tapering white fir has been so little tried that and preventable practices. and sharppointed while young. its adaptability to general valley

Christmas trees should be obIts needles, long and more or less culture is not yet established.

tained from nurseries only, where silvery, not very sharp but rather Nevertheless, foresters with whom they are grown for this purpose, as blunt and soft, are close together in the writer has consulted agree that in Oregon, and people of the Rocky feathery plumes—altogether a (Continued on page 381)

lkws

"There is then creative reading as well as creative writing. When the mind is braced by

labor and invention the page of whatever book we read becomes luminous with manifold allusions. Every sentence is doubly significant, and the sense of our author is as broad as the

world. We then see, what is always true, that as the seer's hour is short and rare among heavy days and months, so is its record, perchance, the least part of his volume."—Emerson.

are also. given,"The Truth of Christianity''avoidingters. I havesecondary,recommendedcontroversialthe bookmatotherIt isreferenceimpossiblebooksto describe in detail

By LT.-COL. W. H. TRUXTON, freely to my fellowbelievers. You are many of the games and plays suggested,

D. S. O. at full liberty to use this letter as you but one, a wordbuilding game, chaldesire. may lenged the interest of the reviewer and Late Royal Engineers With the best of wishes, several other people, devoted who much

(Wells Gardmer, Datton Co., Ltd., Sincerely, time to the playing of it, which should

Paternoster Buildings, E. C. 4., LonJohn A. Widtsoe. have been devoted to other things. It

don, England) Mission President."is a chain of words, made by changing

is a book that this going from interested in convincingHEREple one letter of the preceding word in the many peoGames and Game Leadership followingone thing word,to another.and For example:

arguments with which to By CHARLES F. SMITH from Rain to Hail is accomplished by

bolster their faith will wel- /, making a logicalcome. Colonel has Truxton h, (Dodd, Mead and Co., New York) Rail;changingthe rthein railn inis changedrain to to makand has linedmind up his arguments /F

formation,in marching one supleadersparticularis a newinterestsix tohundredrecreationand ingBay,hail.May,FromMan.BoyNoticeto Manthatgoes:the letterBoy,

other theporting admirably. is which leaderfifty changed of games and page must book hold the exact

is decontent Colonel not with The position off press. of ship the the one Compiled by above. now

Christianity, truthbating the but of in Other ability a suggested experience chains and are: whose man from Cot

to religion natural in ordergoes back to it Bed; is contains fields these well from known, to Soup Nuts; from

establish,to without a doubt, in God to Flour leadin Bread; information the fundamental from to Bread; Brown

the heavens. After that he argues that ership and new, delightful suggestions from Black to White; from Wet to

God might make some revelations to and details in play ways. The first Dry; from Eye to Lid; from Sad to

man and that, indeed, it is entirely chapter is on leadership of games and Fun; from Pig to Sty; Pen to Ink;

credible that God would use miraculous recreations, and under such headings Poor to Rich; Tears to Smile; Wheat

revelations. as ''Be Enthusiastic,""Overlook Misto Bread; Bread to Toast; Tree to

From that point the author takes takes,""An'llacipate Blunders,""Be Wood; Elm to Oak; Call to Help; Eye

up the Jewish religion and presents Lenient,""Develop Confidence to Era; Fat to Pig; Joy to Woe; Mole

logical arguments which, to him, prove Through Preparedness,""Lead Just to Hill; Seed to Bean; Ring to Hand;

thethat as found Jewish religion Discito Fry; "Expect Ham to The Best,"in Enough,"Line; to Wash Head

credible,the is not only Testament Old Tail; Peoto Your pline Positively,"Kiss Hock Shop; "Know to Girl; Mail

but really convincing. ple,"etc., he gives in terse, crisp style, to Home; Wind to Gale. It is suggestFrom the Jewish religion the author the basic qualifications of a good leader ed that if any member of a group does examines Christianity. topasses He this leadership. fast, such to inspire too in a manner put him to

claims the supportsthe evidence which this, are several deWrong,"chapters which Following cannot be on done—that"Right followers,of his Jesus including and is, in wordbuilding. to voted games Black to White for children-—home,

the Gospels. examination of the Four requires seven school, intermediate and gymnasium, menoutdoor, words,

He arrives at the conclusion that the tal recreation for schools, camps and thus: black, clack, crack, track, trace,

character of Christ confirms the truth clubs. trice, trite, write, white. The game is

of Christianity; that the history of Chapter 14 goes again into leadergreat fun, especially for a literary

Christianity confirms its truth; and that ship principles, this time for social recgroup or a vocabularybuilding class.

the truth of Christianity is extremely reation. Stunts, party games, social The book sells for $2.50.

probable. mixers, musical games, dances, relays,

On the whole, the argument set forth paper and pencil games, fun games, inBooks Others Have interesting most in the book is for parties, stunts dramatics and formal and

Saint Latterdayconvincing. The conRecommended the subjects are camps, clubs and

will not agree with some of the Colosidered next. Chapter 23 takes the Y)R. N. A. PEDERSEN. dean of the

nel's conclusions, but he will heartily reader into picnic and other outdoor School of Arts and Sciences, Utah endorse much of what is found in the forms of play, treasure hunts, woodsy State Agricultural College, says: "The

book. activities, firebuilding and cooking, best book I have read for many a day

A letter from Dr. John A, Widtsoc, Scout and club activities being the conis Abbe Dimnet's 'What We Live By.'

President of the European Mission, to cluding part. Needless to say, leaders It shows clearly what is worth while in

Colonel Truxton says this of the volof all departments in the M. I. A. will life."

ume: "Your book. The Truth of find immeasurable help in the pages of "Climbing Manward,"by F. H.

Christianity, is a splendid presentation this volume. It will cause a little Cheley, is highly recommended by

of the evidences for Christianity, clearhappy pride to know that considerable Scout Executive Russell Scott, of Twin ly and forcefully written. You have material on Home Recreation, Dancing, Falls, Idaho.

had unusual success, while developing and Parties is quoted from the literWhat good book have you read reyour argument for Christianity in ature of the M. I. A. A number of cently?

Lmiuil We/come, April Elderthe ChurchSmootandwillthe undoubtedlyNation, both bedearableto histo heart.assist

/JPRIL is more than the first month of spring very materially in furthering the progress of his acquaintance with national His is of organization. the month Latterday to the Saint—it affairs, of the his knowledge and international as of the well Christ, the Lord, as of the birth

organization of the Church. It, in all probabilworkings of political bodies, his understanding

ity, is also the month of the resurrection. of the needs of humanity will all be of use in

the Church. Councils of all the were welcome appropriate and how How have no way of knowing just how Though we life, the events! April, of new those month of

when all things are made over, when the old deElder Smoot's talents will be put to work, we in feel certain be used they will that a manner of things cayed corruption—have things—the to his will people and to his be pleasing which out of which food aside or have become been laid

authorities of the Church. brethren, the other

is hope. of life springs, the month new indeed, will, this conference Smoot To Senator to the soil by pinned Jesus world found a

superstition and fear and the mismanagement of be a homecoming. He will feel a welcome on

man. He swept away superstition; he did his every side; will be proud once more to take up

best to instill in his followers a faith that would his labors for the Church, knowing that he can conquer fear; and he struck at the mismanagement give his undivided attention to them.

to years in honor he ago went Thirty away he departed leaving men to build of mian. Then

capital at nation's state his represent the when foundation. His upon

Men struggled, in some cases nobly. The faith his people were unpopular; now he returns with

of which Jesus spoke worked miracles in lives. honor after honor heaped upon his head and

true full that been the he has knowledge painful with and ignominy able to endure were Men nation, as state well to his to his his people as and still remained, for ideals. death But selfishness

therefore, Christ came again, a new witness, this and with the added knowledge that he has been time accompanied by the Father, to start man out instrumental in giving his Church a hearing beonce more, imbued with a new and conquering fore the mighty.

faith. His Church was organized. Men went

out with new zeal proclaiming the old truths of Be Not Deceived the Gospels and the epistles now clothed in new TOURING these times many schemes are being light. concocted to separate those with a little hardAnd so—welcome fair Spring! As the sap earned savings from their property and cash.

death will apparent conquer the sun drawn by up living the instead of and men women ever Many flowers, the in trees power of shrubs and and that have back to Christian which gone law grave, the will faith conquer recurring and many Survival of ip primitive maintained times—the rise forth again will to walk hopes of our dead Fittest are Fittest. the the them those who To

life April. this of in newness that are or crafty obtain to strong enough enough

Apostle Reed Smoot orwhichsufferingthey whichdesire mightregardlessensue.of the heartbreaks

JpOR more than a quarter of a century Elder Some of these people masquerade as spirituallyReed Smoot, of the quorum of the Twelve minded persons with the welfare of their brothers

Apostles, has been a member of the senate of the and sisters and of the Church at heart. Even

United States. During that period he has become the dead are not spared by them, as frequently

known wherever civilized men meet and converse. they declare they have received manifestations that

In fact, his name has come to represent devotion if certain people will put money at their disposal to duty as he saw it, and to unceasing effort to that work for the dead will be furthered.

change the world to harmonize with his ideas. Often, stocks of concerns, and especially of

For those characteristics he has been honored mines, are sold with the statement that money everywhere and his name has been a power in the which is certain to accrue from the investments world. is to be used for the benefit of the Church. These

With this conference Elder Smoot returns to people frequently declare that they have been his people to give his life and his great powers to shown the rich veins in vision.

the welfare of the Church for which he has stood Here are some paragraphs taken from a letter in season and out of season. Never, even when from one "sister"to another. The writer of the

his connection with the Church seemed to mitigate letter was financially interested in the sale of against his success, has he attempted in any way stock:

faithful experience told very mining of "Three were men to excuse himself publicly or privately for being to it forth. the help bring the Spirit and go out to mine by

a follower of the lowly Jesus and a believer in One was shown the hill previously in a dream, and a, regithe mission of the unpopular Joseph Smith. His ment of Nephite soldiers who were guarding the mine and

fearless stand has done much to allay prejudice were anxiously Waiting for the time when those who were the there. to treasure take hidden out come would against the Church and to bring it recognition worthy

arrived the at they the mine there had men "When as a power for good among men. come discouraged, but after fasting and prayer were plainlybeNow that his time will not be divided, between told to go back some distance and follow a vein. After

VjiFmicontinued supplication a Nephite, who had sealed the mine of mystery, and promising great things to the their comto previous wicked become his people hadwhen all Church, for against such the people have been going After the way. pointed and came destruction,plete

their warned spiritual leaders. by the repeatedly into they came pointed he direction feet in theeight

main vein.... H. R. M.

"We have not come into an ore body yet but we will as soon as we are prepared. This had been definitely shown

he was told our one of men said and It is very near us.to June Conference Challenges

is to waiting treasures the sealed Nephite thethat who receive to are ready as as soon we house the treasureunlock meet will fasting and today are us thirty ofit. About

tell have us they the mine from who withnight our men to- 'JHElanes,comingapple ofblossoms,April makesand—Juneone thinkConference!of grassy

much to tell us that is very sacred that has been given to And June Conference makes one think of culmithe about out six went weeks. nating the in past Theythem eight thousand acamateur programs,—of manifestareceived wonderful have and February ofmiddle thousand dancers, two thousand pubhill...."sacred thattions on lic for retold many tors,speakers—finaliststwenty wards—as

tellers, story archers. scores of Scouts, letter Boy Junior the of the permit whole If Space would

would make most interesting reading. Girls, Gleaner Girls, M Men, Vanguards, Seniors

A few excerpts must be given, however, as they and Adults.

are typical of much that is being circulated. What a program it is that will mobilize tens

of thousands of people from the age of twelve to dedicated the Lord to after been the stock has "You see, the four score mark the used! Throughout speculated with and durbe world sacred cannot andit becomes

for ordinary commercial purposes. ing these spring weeks young people and old are

purchased be for $1,000.00 can stewardship complete "A finishing their up winter programs. They have after that is reached, ore the beforeif body soon purchased had Gold Balls, and Green dramas, archery con-..."sale. little for will be butthere

"Now, sister dear, I pray that you might feel the spirit tests, debates, socials, class work, projects, in a of this work and that your way will open up to particirnighty effort to enrich life, to use leisure construcall the accomplish to fully be able us and withpate good tively, and to be of use to fellow men. desire you heart big the work generous andthat is in your

to accomplish will continue throughout the ages."She In June all of the various groups will assemblegoes on—"! have dedicated two hundred thousand shares in Salt Lake City to participate in one grand finale,

.".. then, seed Lehi of of the redemption Andfor the a magnificent Commencement. a young many To half received notice the one of havesad news... "You person Conference is that June a year worth of so because necessary many assessment. wascent This made

lost faith and did not pay their last assessment."sacrifice. The inspirational meetings, the thrilling

But there is a postscript to the letter: "Tell only those contests, the unusual social opportunity, the magwhom you are impressed will understand."nificent weather, the matchless City of the Saints

and the Salten Sea—everything offers attractions These people who advance these schemes are so in June.

sincere so inapparently some cases are sincere and finals. then months the now, and Two The deceive they that sometimesin their approach best brains fluent of the Church, the tongues, most

intelligent people. the most graceful bodies will be pitted against

Years ago the First Presidency of the Church one another in a fine, friendly competition for said: honors. The flower of the Church will be presSaints Latterday the feel to duty warn it our "We ent to hear the the story of Gospel repeated and to

for have which no warrant schemesagainst mining fake carry ideas for another away new year of worthspiritual of manifestations the professedsuccess beyond their projectors and the influence gained over the excited while struggle toward higher levels of living.

minds of their victims. We caution the saints against June Conference Challenges!

investing money or property in shares of stock which bring no profit to any one but those who issue and trade in..."them. "Fanciful schemes to make money for the alleged purTo the Legislators the for providing or Zion'means 'redeeming ofpose if it is; is injurious, tobacco adds and objects, should other seeming dead'or the of worthyvation

the of order Church, acquainted with the 'SalIF atobaccodangerous tonot deceive arid anyone fire hazard our country, in which of result will waste only time and labor,and if is does; tobacco disagree- "smelly"and it and

tangible to doing something devoted bemight now it is; if and able, is especially and to tobacco injurious heaven. earth in record of and onworthy

"Be not led by any spirit or influence that discredits growing and impressionable young people, and established authority, contradicts true scientific principles it is; if tobacco makes for unsightly litter in pubthe direct revelations of discoveries, from or leads awayand is if places, tobacco lic and private and it does;

. of the Church."for the governmentGod

of expensive, burdens is; if tobacco adds to and it

These paragraphs were taken from a statement the human race, and it does; then, why should

issued and signed by the First Presidency then any legislator vote to have it flaunted in lying composed of Joseph F. Smith, Anthon H. Lund, colors before the eyes of children and adults alike?

and Charles W. Penrose. The present First PresEvery legislator from every county in the state

idency of the Church has reaffirmed tHat stand on should be asked by his constituents to say how he the matter., voted and if he voted for repeal of the law

A safe rule to follow would be to hve nothing prohibiting tobacco advertising on billboards, to do with schemes that are presented with an air why he voted as he did.

H.W.

(Silver cQnings Tricky Mr. Debit and Stingy Mr. Credit

By CLAIRE W. NOALL

you ever been on the is one to live in a world where money is one of the first essentialsHAVEtoboggan of Spendthrift money is the basis of exchange? to good homemaking. One of

is, that about Hill, sliding swiftly The illusion of the rich Joneses, Reno's sad disclosures down, gay, thoughtless, and free your opulent selves, your wealthy onehalf of,all unhappy marriages from care? Have you known neighbors to the left, and all the crash on the rcKks of financial dewhat it means to toil up Inchby- easy plenty of the past, has vanspair. Apparently many people

I n c h Mountain, parsimonious, ished along with the balance in do not face facts in their spending.

careworn, and full of fears? Perthe bank, for a time at least. But Seemingly oblivious that one dolla dollar's worth ofhaps you have had both experiknowing how to use what money lar won't buy

ences. No matter! Though the you have will make the difference goods or fun for each member of

past may have held plenty of between a happy and a miserable the family, too often, father, all the for children or clamor For money, lack mother and little, inexistence. or too toomoney many

of it, will master time. its use at miracle don't you if you one Thestallments or that savings to meet,

went down to destruction in stocks, gain the upper hand of it. No of having the siame greenback buy

bonds, and banks, we are all facing matter what the income, there is an overcoat for each of them has it if one has not yet come to pass, but transnew economic conditions now. a way of living on

Whether our earnings be large or the courage and the stamina. Hard forming financial chaos into order

small, or we are receiving relief astimes do not support palaces, but is at the command of everyone who sistance, there is a tool which will budgets can keep one out of bankintelligently plans his spending.

help everyone to solve his financial ruptcy and the debtor's prison.

problems, and make the most of In this period of postprosperity jpVERY family should have an false hide its face with pride must adequate spending scheme ofwhat income he has—the budget. lost credit. qualindividualistic Timehonored an entirely its own,

The chief purpose of this tool is ities such as sincerity, selfsuffi- plan, for there is no feasible average to give you exact information as to ciency, unadulterated genuineness, in budgeting to suit different peoyour income and expenditures and and old fashioned simplicity must ple's needs. Tastes and expenses

to enable you to use your money be relied upon to give a feeling of vary as surely as statures and comto the greatest possible advantage. security and selfrespect. The tinplexions. No sample budget, deBy keeping careful accounts you sel and baubles by which people voted to typical percentages, will

can estimate accurately just how to have been wont to set their stanbe effective for any one family's make the most efficient use of your dards are now as passe as the inrequirements, because food, shelter, resources and thus wisely apporstallment plan for buying unnecesand clothing items differ tremention your distribution for necessary luxuries. dously for families of equal size.

sities, luxuries, and savings. With Moreover, order in financial afThrift, which is desirable to one

credit and debit chanting a duet on fairs facilitates domestic peace and person, is odious to another. Some

the lowebbing tide of finance, how happiness. Intelligent use of people save for trips, others to own

The Improvement Era for April, 1933 3SS

a home, some to buy la yacht, and be given as a regular monthly alshould be sufficiently elastic to alsome to replace the kitchen linolowance, and boys and girls could low for constant readjustment if leum. But one thing should be be responsible for all personal exnecessary, and for unforeseen excommon to all spending schemes, penses. They would soon learn penses, and also for replacements

a good system for recording receipts the approximate cost of various in personal and household equipand disbursements. And herein items, and they could get some fine ment. If you are making your

lies the value of the budget! It experience in planning their exown account book, you might ingives you a general view of your penditures and in learning to avoid clude any or all the following clasclassified accounts, and it makes treasury leaks and extravagances. sifications: Food, with the subdivipossible a fairly accurate estimate Coming out ahead one month is sions of groceries, meat and milk

of your future expenses. It pronot the same as having a good sum shelter, including all maintenance

vides a factual basis which enables to one's credit at the end of a year. for home, rent, or the monthly

you to equalize your income and It would not take long to learn payment towards owning a home;

outgo, and it reveals the true status that any excess money over the laundry, cleaning and service;

current month's expenses should household equipment; carfare; autoof your bank account—no more

crosseyed squinting at a lean balnot be squandered, but should be expenses; education, church, books,

ance on the first of the month when consistently saved in order to take and magazines; amusements and

you have been expecting a fat one. care of heavier expenses at some recreation; miscellaneous; and savTo be successful, budgeting refuture time. Such knowledge and ings.

quires the earnest cooperation of experience, gained in budgeting, is The surest and easiest way to the whole family. Gone are the helpful in developing a general keep your accounts is to enter all

days when the father is the sole sense of proportion and balance. your expenses in your daily record

breadwinner and also the singleTo be successful this work requires every night. Never fail to do this!

voiced dictator of the family ex- a good deal of practice and selfWhen forming a habit, allow no chequer. Often there are several restraint, but if a child has been exceptions to occur; so if you are

earners in a family, and all the taught from his earliest years how just commencing the budget habit, members, except the infants, should to spend and save wisely, and to never fail to make your entries bebe the spenders. Heretofore chiltake pleasure in delayed rewards, fore retiring. Having done this

dren have been taught almost exhe will not find the financial refor a month or two, and having clusively how to save. sponsibilities of his adolescence too duly considered your balances, you

"Here's a penny. Run put it in great. In taking over such rewill be prepared to shape your

your savings bank!"and Johnny sponsibilities, he will gain some budget to your ends and to answer

would jingle the coins in his bank splendid preparation for his adult your own questions in regard to with complacent satisfaction as he life. what should be spent in different

desires ways. Your are needs and lives college student The who thecompleted command. That

entirely individualistic, and no one should also budfrom away do. home towas the thing

as can spending your plan well as get the his allowance assume and is to supposed Johnny Now can. be discouraged not you Do his exresponsibility of planning early the agelearn meaning at an

if balance disyour some shows penses. the exact He should know loss, profitof should he and and

are octo bound They cost his his tucrepancies. of board, and room allowance, his to useknow how cur, oversight some'due to in the etc., fees, ition dues, club and it be of should proportionwhat

entries. their Place in amount the his of allowknowing amount receive the greattosaved, and how miscellaneous your column, be and hel ance, able estimate to be shouldest spends. for value All he what

this takes instruction and experithe available percentage for clothes, watchful that they do not become large disproportionate. or Set extoo and miscellaneousence. increases amusements, allowance As the a goal for saving a certain amount suggestions also penses. These years, the responsibilitywith added

for an intelligent use of it should apply to girls, and therefore, as a for future needs. Whether the unforeseen should to prove be a rainy fitted of for life, being matter every increase. should powers Buying

ja. it is experience, day or glowing child should to be taughtbe the how enlarged gradually from

best cnr'rgencies. to he for prepared budget, the and family whole child'ssmall of spending random

the nickel or for he should anything dime is in one game plan and support its spendBUDGETING ing scheme. the eight to or nine yearwants is absoplay which the safe

old's use of his margin on his earnlutely the only successful play.

ings for some desired object. 'THE matter of recording the inYou can't take chances on dollars

come and expenditures is not you haven't got, nor should you

TXTHERE practicable the adolesdifficult. You can easily make spend them, trusting that the

cent should have an allowyour own account book in a loosecharge account will be paid. One

ance which covers clothing costs, leaf tablet, or a five cent notebook; valuable thing about the budget is

school expenses, amusements, and you can purchase one for a small that it reveals the fact that a debt sundries. If family accounts have sum, or you can send to the Cities is a debt, and that it is just as hard

been kept carefully the parents Service Corporation, 60 Wall St., to pay for an article in a month

should have a fair idea of what an New York City, and a nice one or two as it is at the current moadolescent's yearly expenses amount will be forwarded ito you free of ment.

to. Exclusive of room and board, charge. Your record should be The usual reaction to anyone's

at least to begin with, young peosufficiently detailed to give you an first attempt at budgeting is a long ple should be allowed to handle accurate picture of all your receipts drawn out sigh, and an exclamacheir own accounts. One twelfth and disbursements. Your apportion to the effect that it just can't

of the estimated annual sum could tionment and spending scheme (Continued on page 3 60)

ture, floorplanks and Bill's beams Travel, timand mostly by way of A Home For $130 bers old to from barn belonging an the Ford, far very reasonably. comes So

By KATRINA HINCKS place; the rest of the material, as well almost no clothes have been purchased.

as the furnishing, had been obtained Bill has earned the necessary milk and (March, 1932. Forum) by fair means or foul. eggs by helping with the work on the

of 1932 the summer is Bill else for spent in gathering a mornings being not working someone maDURINGsturdy little It took six months to build, the farm. house gray stone hate, at a job he the afternoons might in actual conterials and and yet would

was built on a Connecticut struction. Ann's version of the buildfeel he should be grateful for in times

hillside, by Bill and Ann Caring of the house was somewhat less aclike these. He and Ann have an obter, two years out of college and temtive than Bill's but interesting (and ject which is their own, and fascinatlittle job. of a porarily out The are diffitangible fighting house she but study two years away from the ing—they tackling 1933. of represents a new way like the frozen spring, endless colculties in illumination manuscript of

Before they were married, Bill and Ann lege). At first, she said she simply sat wood to be cut and food cooked. Their

decided that the Carter farm would be around on the edge of the excavation solution is not one that everyone could a lovely place to build a little shack for and made idle remarks; later she ran attempt, but it represents courage and

weekends; then last April when Bill back and forth looking for small rocks gaity. They are finding a way out,

was told that he wouldn't be needed in to fill in between the large ones. From and having fun in doing it.

his job, they began to make plans for there she was promoted to stonecrack- the house which was to be much more er, for she occupation soon which to His plaything. than a summer close her eyes. to learned even The Forgotten Man She

I can hardly picture Ann living the learned to mix concrete. When they President

rugged country life, for at school she reached the roof. Bill put up the rafters

lived the gardenia and houseparty life, and roofboards, and Ann followed By WILSON FOLLETT studying advanced art and other things with shingles. When the floor was to (Atlantic Monthly for Mar., 1933)

little calculated to make a countrybe laid. Bill put the boards down and

dweller of her. But I know she does Ann followed on hand and knees to TTT'E have given you what you asked

I life, visited their for live the simple votes. Millions of us backbreaking job for—our scrape—a myself. for helped have to the office out found and youhome to which in favor soon relinquished Ann planewhich andshewas waiting for me at the top of the of staining rafters and ceiling. Together you aspired—thousands who never had

hill, an oil lantern alight to point our they made the tables and bunks, and cast a ballot before. You go to yourway; Bill was chopping wood—that then brightened up the place with aroffice as the choice of all parties, social

being the only fuel they used. He had ticles purchased at the five and ten cent classes and sections of country in a way

been most energetic at it, for we had store. The total cost of the house was and to a degree never granted to any

to climb over a great pile of it which as follows: man in America before. It would be

he had stacked in front of the door. natural for you to surrender yourself

Inside, I found a warm, stonewalled Building materials $ 34.15 to the elation of victor in a partisan

room with a big fire crackling and Tools 13.71 contest, but we want you to see yoursteam coming out of a kettle hung on Cement, lime, sand 26.15 self in a different light than that. Rather

the crane over the open fire. Opposite Hardware 19.37 than a victorious general, a conquerthe hearth was a wide doublebunk, Furnishings 36.43 ing hero in plumed and gilded coach,

in.built lighted two kerosene Ann Total -$129.81 asgardyouyourself,might bewehumanshouldenoughlike youto reto into relamps, sprang and the room

lief. She and Bill began preparations Since they did not have to buy the go to your task clothed in the sackfor supper, cooking over the open fire, land, they were able to do the thing cloth of an invulnerable humility, not

which, they assured me, was simple, much more cheaply than other couples arrayed in selfconfidence and pride, or once one was used to it. "I can boil who were less fortunate in the bevestured in the illusion of power, glory

anything by hanging pots and kettles ginning. But there are still in Amerand importance to which we might

from the crane. I can broil anything ica millions of acres of land to be succumb in your place.

by resting a broiler on an iron frame bought cheap. We have given you the votes you

we had made; and I can bake things wanted, but along with them goes a dein my pet oven."The only difficulty Living expenses they summed up as mand that you gain a simple underwas, it appeared, that dinner might be follows: standing of what we meant when we

at 6:30 or at 8, depending upon the Light (kerosene for lamps and voted for you. To whom can you

particular fire of the evening. lanterns) $.80 turn for this urgently necessary understaples the (including Food late standing? campaign your Not a delicious After meal, they exfirst 26.00 month) is managers and game livplained they about managed how workers—their Bill chopped Heat (wood by flattery. truth, interprenot Their but built theying had expenses-—and how the place) gathered 0.00 and from tation is that gave a stupendous you we latterthe been house. had The expense 0.00 acCooking confidence demonstration of our as in you dragging suchcomplished means by

stones from an old wall above the pasTotal - $26.80—and therein you have the measure of

The Improvement Era for April, 1933 357

their hopeless remoteness from us plain, that wrong defeated them. You beif, as President, you try to please

nonpolitical folk and our mental postcame the beneficiary of our conviction everyone; if you substitute policy and

ure. It was an inevitable bit of comedy that a change of administration might diplomacy for uncompromising courthat they should make you that hollow possibly improve our condition, and age, we can only then heave the old

declaration, but if you believe a word could not possibly make it worse. You familiar sigh of relief for wasted votes.

of it, you will become a victim of were elected by our universal belief that We shall have asked for the bread of tragedy. To gain a true knowledge of the worst possible calamity which leadership only to be given the cutwhat has really been happening in the could befall us was four years more of glass of graceful forensic diction. Are

minds of Americans, there is only one what we had just had. you a savior for our country or only an

quarter to which you can turn—the About you personally, we know litattractive and facile man, an able poliquarter occupied by the "Forgotten tle. We think you are a good fellow, tician, a fluent compromiser whose imman"made memorable in the phrase and that you are a good man. We can portance to history in the long run will

you borrowed from William Graham imagine that you would make personal be that he called attention to the

Sumner for your campaign. By the sacrifice to relieve sufiering among neglected works of Sumner who spoke

ofiice selfin- to further will use political forgive your forgotten you people of America many We could—theforgotten man we think you mean as your fellows. We do not think you of the "Forgotten Man"?

admire necessary the fight folk, distrustfulthe plain you of politics terest. as a man show who errors if you We

and politicians, who put you where confronts his work with the healthy to win along lines of your own conyou are. If, having once understood gusto which a good many persons devictions. It is your spirit which will

that we really exist, you are resolved to vote only to play, and who does his count. You cannot give us prosperkeep us in mind and work for the adwork better for finding in it a pleasurity, but you can help to create the atvancement of our legitimate hopes, all able excitement. mosphere in which real prosperity

advice to the contrary notwithstanding, If you had had the destitute marchers breeds. You can lay the basis for a

then you possess the first and greatest in the bonus army on your hands last new definition of prosperity to take qualification for becoming the Presisummer, we suspect that you would the place of the wrong one we have dent of all the people, and you can have have gone to them informally, talked had. Many of us realize that true

any degree of support from the people companionably with them, had a grand prosperity is not the thing we had that you will ever require. If, on the time yourself, and gone away leaving before 1929, but that it is based on

other hand, you lose touch with us; them with the feeling that you were security, continuity, thrift—values

if you let politicians sell you their polittheir friend. If you had found it newhich will last longer. What we arc

ical interpretations of our extremely cessary to put them out, your tact and awaiting is the assurance that you share nonpolitical state of mind, then you candor would have made it easy for in the realization—and that bankers,are primed for the disaster which overyou to show them why—and they financiers, wildcat promoters, memberstook your predecessor in office. We would have left cheering you. You of the Stock exchange, and every venhope that since your election, you have have the great gift of making it easy dor of insecurities share it, also. We

been mlealsuring and collecting your for all sorts of people to like you. It can stand any length of dark passage,

merely human powers against the apwill give you the advantage of doing if we are assured of coming out into the palling demands ahead, studying to the thing which is politically advanlight at the end. What we cannot

make yourself a better man than we tageous and morally g|enuine. Our stand is much more false encourageelected. We hope you have been feelonly question is how many wrong, ment. If there is ever a social revoluing out the spirit of the country, strivevasive things are you capable of dotion in this country, it will be the

ing to penetrate the smoke screen of ing to win support? product of unfulfillable reactionary

mere party strategy to the realities of We see clearly that it will take a very promises made to keep us quiet.

your forgotten man. You will find great President indeed to bring about If you want us to support you in

in these pages the voice and spirit of any positive betterment during the 1936, lead us now. Grasp and use

the forgotten man trying to speak to next few years. We do not believe the elements of unity and serenity unyou. There is nothing here which that any party caused the depression, derlying the troubled surface of Amerdoes not faithfully represent the nor that any party can end it. All we ican life today. What a magnificent,

thoughts of unnumbered Americans can really demand of the political syswhat an unparalleled opportunity is clerks and sales persons trying to get tem is that it shall keep out of our light yours to be the President of all the along on a third of a job apiece; forewhile we ourselves take the steps which people. No President of modern times

closed ranchers; ruined farmers and will end the depression which we ourhas been more free to respond to the

planters; newspaper men who revile the selves brought about. changing demands of current facts and

policies of their managing editors; You see how it is. We expect of fixed demands of his own principles.

mechanics in garages; waiters in resyou the great things for which the When the knowing ones suggest to you,

is not taurants; mill operatives; fishermen; emergency calls—things greater than as they will, that the Presidency

those on charity and those giving charhave been required of any President social philosophy or generalizationls, ity to their neighbors; movie extras; since Lincoln—and yet we have been however inspiring, but simply the oillibrarians, teachers, writers, mining enled to wonder if there is enough sheer ing of an incredibly complicate magineers of closed mines—-in short us. power in your composition to meet chine, and that anything else is disWe are the only ones from whom you with inspired energy the stupendous loyalty to the party, think of that imwill hear the actual truth, for we arc demands of the time. We want to mense majority who voted for you

the only ones who ask nothing for see that you are a leader—let us see think of us. We shall not bother you

themselves and who expect nothing exthat, and there is no length to which much; we do not clamor at officials,

cept the common good. we would not go to support you. But nor hound them. You will wonder,

You must not mistake our vote for sometimes, if we really exist, for we a vote of confidence. It was a vote of shall be so quiet compared with those

hope. What we really gave you was Friendship at your very ears. But we do exist; and

a chance to earn our confidence. Your By Juanita Pulsipher we are watching you. We will be here

us. elected so for of need not haveopponents you was when Work you—it of is to friendship glow me 'THE will as reus they Let you. stand us they chose and you bymuch that we

tree, a gnarled moonlight -* Like old on feel believe in that us adnothingjected taken the others and had you who scar, the whole, soft'ning each lUum'ing vantage of every major opportunity to Gilding each daytime blemish and mar, can undo our belief in you. Remembe wrong since 1919, as one of them Transforming the common to majesty. ber the forgotten man and he will make

said, and our cumulative realization of you a remembered President!

19. Haunted Gold WarnerDestination Unknown

Heritage of the Desert. Paramount to suggest the crea20. Another attempt

tion of a Christ as an actual participant 21. Heroes of the West Universal

in human affairs. This time it takes 22. Hidden Gold Universal

place on a rumrunning ship. Not very 23. Hold 'Em Jail RKO

convincing, niot highly entertaining. 24. Little Orphan Annie RKO

Only passable. Adults. 25. McKenna of the Mounted

Columbia Great JasperThe 26. a Star Paramount Make Me a lovable, of funloving interest Story will Irishgenuine make State

7. Fair 2 from Mexico The Man to a details narrowminded married a winner.man, suggestive Some Monogram his fun taking scene where in he and one fromwoman particular—detract 28. Universal Marked Men

it. thefinds treatment lets out of Plot the the and production and Gaydown 29. Movie Crazy Paramount excellent. Adults.ordinary. Direction standards. of Because nor Rogers and 30. Mr. Robinson Crusoe

it this, be recommended. cannotHumanity Artists United

a in of doctor Tale York who of Century the New Crime Pal, 31. Universal King The My sacrifices his mystery. save himself to and son handled Well murder 32. Pack Troubles Your Up M-G-M realities his the people. to of work. Adultsredeem young and him 33. Partners RKOFamily. Entrance Employees 34. President The Phantom

of department marriage a young Keyhole TheThe Paramount girl beautiful of a lady and private destore and a head Romance Universal is almost 35. Racing Youth

in the strong dramatic the very of schemes through wrecked 36.tective—not Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm

played. well particularlyvalues storemanager, an not and immoral man who Fox

tries his lives forFair Adults. the entertainment of to dominate em-

7. 3 the of Renegades West RKO ployees. directed wellWell andLife of Dolan Jimmie 38. Ride 'Em, Warner Cowboy

necessarily life, acted. interests, lifting child Recommendation the Farm Valley Universal 39. Death Rider of

because of drinking withheld all prizefighting of the mortgage and scenes 40. Robbers'Roost Fox

details. other and Fair, unwholesome incombined. way, a rough Buster 41. Saddle The RKO are following plays not recomthough The not outstanding. Family. 42. Cyclone Columbia Texas

groups of the previewany by mended Fight MustMen at CulverUniversal 43. Brown Tom reporting: ing and futile Picture battle of woman's to 44. Busy Fox Work Too Sailor of Manhattan, Child Be spirit.against acting. Excellent war 45. Trailing the Wide Killer World Beer! Good, What, Museum, No Wax interesting to children. Adults.Not Frontier 46. Vanishing The list as pictures suitable chosen of A HuntMan Paramount is children submitted: for herewith

as an appears amJunior Durkin Feller 47. a Friend a Needs When

ateur detective in a smalltown crime. Pictures Suitable for Children Between 1 M-G-M

Clean, cheerful, fairly amusing. Famthe Ages of 8-12 Years 48. Wild Horse Mesa Paramount

ily. 1. Amateur Daddy Fox 49. Wild Horse StampedeColumbia

Rome Express 2. Beyond the Rockies RKO 50. With Williamson Beneath the

painting thief a of famous The the lives of train the andboards several 4.3. TheThe BigBig StampedeBroadcast ParamountWarner 51. YouSea Said a Mouthful PrincipalWarner

people are changed. Good photography

The Best of the Short Subjectsand characterizations. Adults and 5.6. BringBusiness'EmandBackPleasxireAlive RKOFox

young people. 7. Come On, Danger RKO Aesop Fables RKOPathe

Secrets of Madame Blanche 8. Come On, Tarzan - World Wide Cannibals of the Deep Educational

Old story of sacrifice of mother love. 9. Congorilla Fox Fisherman's Paradise M-G-M

Acceptably played. Fair for adults who 10. Cornered Columbia Fitzpatrick Traveltalks M-G-M

like the type. 11. Crooked Circle World Wide HodgePodge, by Lyman Howe

Secrets 12. Dangers of the Arctic Educational

Delightful beginning leaps disapExplorers Film Co. The Magic Carpet Series Fox

pointingly into western, politics, old 13. Destry Rides Again Universal Mickey Mouse

age and other things which produce a 14. Fast Companions Universal Columbia and United Artists

curiously discontinuous story, with 15. Fireman Save My Child Warner E. M. Newman Travel Talks

some parts excellently done. Family. 1 6. Ghost Valley RKO Vitaphone

State Fair 1 7. The Golden West Fox Silly Symphonies United Artists

Humor, romance, popular stars and 18. Hell Fire Austin Tiffany Vagabond Adventure Series RKO

<iJKelchizedek 'Priesthood The Talkie Goes to Church By DAVID A. SMITH

F/rsr Counselor to the Presiding Bishop "And it came to pass that while they recommended to the First Presidency we have been fortunate in securing a were thus conversing another, one with if that reels a favorable contract of could which used be number on each we it a ifthey voice as heard of out came entered into with one at to night Sunday prosacrament company meeting.

castheaven; they their and eyes around vide first this for equipment children wards, for the should Our time saw andabout, for they understood the voice not

which they heard; and it was not a harsh be done. The committee was instructheard President Grant, President Ivins,

voice, neither was it a loud voice; nevered to continue their negotiations for the David O. McKay, Bishop Sylvester Q.

theless, and notwithstanding it being a purpose of getting for the wards a conCannon. They saw and heard the

small voice, it did pierce them that did tract which would permit them to make great organ with Edward P. Kimball

hear to the center, so much that there was purchase on an easy payment plan. Afat the console, and next Sunday night

it part of their that frameno did not ter of negotiations, a will months contract tabernacle hear the in choir we it yea,cause pierce did to quake; to them the with of one 'Let the largest producers of for Joy.* Mountains Shout soul, verythe their did cause hearts and

I picture if in the equipment realize the true world doubt value you II, Illto burn."3. sound Nephi, Chapter Verse

was accepted. This contract provided these church films are going to bring

that such to equipment the be could purchased Religious wards. outlying or to the year 1930 many the a wards by pictures are on educational monthly payment going to doPRIOR the of church purchased

plan the to thought it was which the help bring attendance. out by commuch picture equipment motionMards mittee it possible Last for night outside would an brother make had we used for which the only not was

purpose of adding to the recreational members of the church in the outlying 65 years of age who had never heard program of the ward by presenting sections especially to enjoy modern en- a sound picture."

wholesome motion pictures to the tertainment while paying for that privWhile this is only the beginning of members, but at the same time providilege. This plan provided for the com- a great modern educational enterprise,

ing maintenance funds for the upkeep plete ownership of such equipment after we hardly need pause to realize the of the church property without levying the contract price had been paid. great possibilities which are before us

a direct tax upon members of the ward Many wards have taken advantage and the opportunity afforded for the for this purpose. With the developof this opportunity and are finding the Presidency of the Church, who now bement of the sound motion picture, the sound equipment not only entertaincause of the great amount of detail

bishops of these wards discovered that ing, but educational. With nonsyn- work required of them, find it almost

it was difficult to secure suitable pictures chronous equipment, music of the best impossible to visit the members of the to meet their purposes. They found kind can be furnished for entertainchurch as was the custom in earlier days.

expensive equipment on hand, in some ments, music for the dance, as well as As the radio with its modern decases not fully paid for, and yet useless. for concert purposes, but they are now velopments has made the whole world

A few enterprising wards, feeling the finding the most valuable feature of almost as one small community, how need of modern equipment with which such equipment is its educational possilong will it be until the Gospel mesto carry on their recreational program, bilities. As an experiment, a picture sage delivered by our leaders as if in

entered into contracts for sound equipwas taken of President Grant, President person will be delivered to the church ment. In many cases this equipment Ivins, and some other church leaders. often through the medium of the sound

was largely experimental because it was This picture has been used by some of motion picture? What an opportunity

found the better equipment was too the wards. for taking to the remote places the art

expensive for use in the wards. In One bishop announced that President of teacher training and the demonstra-

a few cases after only a few months Grant would meet with them on a certion of class work to strengthen the some of this equipment first purchased tain night and deliver an address. The work of the Sabbath Schools, for a

became obsolete, and the matter was meeting house was filled, but Presistudy of the drama, opera, or the sweetcalled to the attention of the Presidency dent Grant did not make an appearance. tones of the symphony—contests for

of the Church who felt that some effort The services were carried on in the the M. I. A., music of sweet tones and

should be made to protect wards from usual manner. Finally the lights were a rhythm that will encourage the

salesmen who had equipment to sell turned off, the picture was thrown upgraceful dance, the rhythm of motionand whose only interest apparently was on the screen, and before this group to music, harmonious—suggestingthe profit to be had through such sale. of church members and invited guests grace and refinement—subjects of inAfter nearly a year of investigation stood President Grant. His voice was terest to the M Men, the Vanguards,

during which the purposes for which heard as he delivered a message to the Scouts, Bee Hive Girls, and even those sound picture equipment could be used audience he could not see. of the Primary Organization. Marvelwere considered, and also the cost of Another ward reported the followous is the work of the Lord, and wonpurchase, maintenance, and operation ing: "Since the installation of our derful are His ways.

of such equipment, the committee picture machine about a month ago.

Weekly Thoughts On Tithing By DR. FRANKLIN MADSEN

nnHE payment of tithing weekly or induces the habit of obedience not only April 16. The law of tithing is a

monthly according to the system by to that law but to allied laws. fundamental principle of progressive

which one's income is paid makes titheApril 9. The paying of tithing is and dynamic sociology.

paying easier. often a fortification against a dark, April 23, The paying of tithApril 2. The paying of tithing sinful life. ing is a preparation against judgments

36a The Improvement Era for April, 1933

and calamities that arc to come upon Charity, the true spirit of helpfuled to the spirit of this great principle.

the earth in the last days. This is ness and the promotion of the real Let us go further and develop the

definitely stated in Verse 23, Section welfare of others. habit of analyzing our motives as we

64 of the "Doctrine and Covenants"Tolerance, in which we show proper plan our actions, to be sure they arc in as follows: respect for the opinions and feelings of harmony with this commandment.

shall learning day be others. by Thus, we

it is called until "Behold, today now love acts our day, to manifest our these conthings each us by keep Let thethe of of coming and Man, Son fully, proand for in us develop more stantly fellowmen Let our our minds.

it sacrifice,verily is a a of and day day its spread will that a leaven acts of each viding the reviewing our of habit tithing the forfor of people; he my effects others. to beneficial if they to determine conformhave day

is at shall tithedthat burned not be his coming,"April 30. One of the purposes

of paying tithing is to build a house Continued from unto God for the perfecting of the Preparing'the Soil for Flowerspage 33 6 saints. This is declared in the "Doctrine and Covenants,"Section 119, slow life and a steady one and are "The three cardinal rules of LandVerse 2. not quick eaters like the annuals. scaping;

In addition plants require sun Preserve open lawn center,

Suggested Ward Teachers'and air. From the air they take Avoid straight lines,

Message carbon dioxide, which mixed with Plant in masses, not isolated."

the water from the soil, forms car- "The best things are nearest

APPLICATION OF THE GOLDEN bohydrates in which the plant cells breath in your nostrils, light in

RULE live. They need nitrogen to build your eyes, flowers at your feet,

Partly as an economy measure and up the leaf and woody parts, phosduties at your hand, the path of partly because the Improvement Era phoric acid to stimulate root deGod just before you. Then do not

goes into practically all of the homes velopment and to hasten ripening. grasp at the stars, but do life's

of ward teachers, or should do, the Since this is the way plants get their plain common work as it conies, monthly suggestion for ward teachers food they then must have sunlight, certain that daily duties and daily is to be printed in these pages. This agreeable temperature and plenty bread are the sweetest things of

will obviate necessity the of having of water* life,"Lord Houghton.

stakes. the variousthem printed by

"Therefore all things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them: For this is the Continued from

law and the prophets."Matthew, Silver Liningspage 355

7:12. be done! Your income doesn't It's best to heed its warning at all

'I *HERE never was a time when the allow for your necessities! Well, times, but especially so in these

consistent application of this divine what are you going to do about it? uncertain days.

rule of as between conduct men train all was Pursue a running your that satisfaction budOne more present. greatly than the neededmore forever financially life, or be worthei acpossible is geting makes

People everywhere today are urging ried? The wise and thrifty person cumulation of a few savings.

than ever the beforemore observance facts, his will face using money or in travel for spent Savings the greatof second of commandment the knife heartlessly quite pruning experidesired long gaining some the Savior: shalt love thy "Thou necessary his to balance where budsatisfaction lasting ence bring may as thyself."effectiveneighbor most A case get. of a have life. may He enriching your as a of means to of themeans observance of approach

this great commandment is to cultivate wounded pride for having placed Rational economy, and neither the practice of the Golden Rule in lithimself on the rightful rung of the hoarding nor unnecessary stinting, tle, as well as in greater, things. The ladder of standards which his inis the thing that is needed at this

indicates, this will be this not but accept teaching SaintsLatterday come savin succeed So, time. if you can

infully. potent example cure Our is most or as as serious as an hard to

it to not put ing money, some whyits influence upon others. financial case of acute or chronic

How may we manifest our acceptdistress. There are many saving the best use that you can possibly

ance of this principle in our daily asgraces to offset rigid economies, and imagine? Would it not be splensociation with our fellows? By demthe person who succeeds in buddid if everyone could plan a budget

onstration, the possession and applicagetary matters can attain his goal which would enable him to know oftion various qualities, among which and live within his income, for financial peace and to realize some theare following: that's what the budget says to do. dream of happiness!

Courfest/.—One of the most important qualities in our daily contacts.

Selfcontrol, whereby we retain mastery over our feelings and actions, Continued from and thus avoid those things which breed Governor C. Ben Rosspage 344

strife.

Judgment, whereby we resist faultdays, when he wanted to be the and determination, and by exercisfinding and carping criticism; and progovernor, has developed into the ing the qualities he was bom with.

mote constructive, helpful suggestions. fighting zeal of a man who wants But nobody has a monopoly on

Consideration, the prevention of to go on serving his people; who those qualities, and that is what

nuisances; the spread of contagion; care has advanced into the position of Governor Ross tells young people

in prevention of accidents, injuries, etc. doing it through sheer ambition whenever he gets the chance.

(LAaronic rriesthood

ser priests to prepare the way for them.

Some remarkable incidents, as a result of literally carrying out this instruction, are coming to the attention of the Presiding Bishopric. Through

the present plan of correlating our work, the spirit of service is growing.

We feel more than ever before that the greatest protection which can come to a young man is to have placed upon him some responsibility which requires

Sacrament Service in Highland Park Ward, Granite Stake of him not only studious thought, but action. Anything that will help cause

Highland Park Ward Sacrashirt-blackticeable increasetie systemof boyshasin beenattendancea noisthesethe youngFather menof all,to realizeis in realitythat Godour ment Service at Sunday School, and Sacrament meetFather, whom we may approach when ing and in the number participating in we have learned the meaning of the

By EARL JAY GLADE, JR. the passing of the sacrament. The Gospel message, with every assurance

and converse with Him that we may expressed the have of ward members shirts black and bow is desupplication to reply our receive a greatly as impressed themselves being tiesWHITE part an important play course, of this, must, sirable. we do To ordinance sacredness the the of with by in the of sacrament system to the susceptible arc that live so we administration. the of solemnity the of Highland Park Ward Spirit, actions the of moves which Holy encouraged deacons been have The Stake. trousersGranite complete Dark helps to in devious and us ways upon leaders church prominent by who manythe the costumes. boy's has been This thoughts, actions, our control our our expressed visited the and have Ward attirecustomary of the younger Sunday princithe habits, in with harmony their contheir of of approval methodLesser Priesthood in this members ward there not, If Gospel. the ples must of service. the sacrament ductingfor years. four over is there discord, where and be some deacons'four comquorums The reason immediate for adopting The there discord, communicacan be is no prefor pete annual which an award

this dress to uniform was with do away Father. is tion Heavenly with our the bishop. award sented The bythe array motley of colored vividly the facts before these young are With basis. Points a point on madesweaters, coats, pressed seldom and is he clearly understood, and attendance man for supervisor the given byshirt sleeves of varying color degrees of of to enter the homes equipped memmeet- sacrament at School and Sunday cleanliness.and in there kneel to the of church bers sacfilling (passing ing, assignments

in opposition introwas found No deliver simple a to them, prayer with lesson parpraying, speaking, rament, the plan.ducing conboys were The actithe of them reminding message,, etc. behavior, ticipation)

sulted later eighone Sunday. week A rehe in vities which the of ward officers their charge of have Quorum theirteen of turned propout number is at time the sides, he of which and assignments meetings, and of making attired.erly at members ward The a If of a representative. members class filled. are seeing they that The theironce expressed approval. Parents duties, their a neglecting are family activities. these leaders supervise Theseof sons equipproperly not were who those join with to invitation kind who Salare leaders Jack Hodgson, James shirtsped, provided black white and acactivities will in such are engaged J. Charles and Dr. Robinson T. mon,ties immediately. deto remind than complish more Burnette. in the anxboys wait Younger ward their delinquency. of linquent members

Priesthood Lesser committheir for soiously twelfth birthdays ward The a of the part young action on Such office tee chapel in the in basement the has the take part of passing an canthey tolerspirit of the will develop man are records meetings kept the and in of where appearsacrament. them Many a love, such and brotherly ance, of

held. ties are shirtstheir before they long and feeling is leave that to same visit bound

eligible ordination.are In for some preach not they thus the in and home,

iscases, financially unable a boy when actions through but sermons, through Public and Teaching Ward the clothing, requiredto get the ward words. without are sermons which

Relief Society has cooperated. Speaking Urged by Priests If this Aaronic Priesthood is a preThe system of passing the sacraparatory priesthood; if it is the duty

ment in Highland Park Ward, has a Thoughts Suggested of the Priest to preach, teach, exhort, features. additional ofnumber The

pass are deacons18 or 20 who arBy BISHOP DAVID A. SMITH andofficersbaptize,to provideis it nota meansthe dutyfor ofsuchall

ranged according to their height TT is the duty of the Priest to preach, training, and the duty of church memaround the sacrament table. Each deateach, exhort, and baptize. Occabers to look upon such efforts in a

con is assigned a definite section. This sionally, the question is raised as to spirit of appreciation and kindness?

is done in such a way that they all the wisdom of placing such a responTo assist both ward officers and young finish their sections at the same time. sibility upon young men between 1 men called to this office, a course of

Arriving at their positions, the deaand 20 years of age. If we turn to study for the Priests has been arranged

cons stand at attention until the signal section 84 of the Doctrine and Coveto provide a sermon for each Sabbath is given by the supervisor. When all nants, we find that the Aaronic Priestsacramental meeting. The subject

are through the signal is again given hood is a preparatory Priesthood, that matter is not extensive. It is not exand the deacons return to the Sacraaccording to the plan of the Priesthood, pected that they speak for more than

ment table. those holding the higher Priesthood are five minutes, and where this is being

An important result of the white instructed to send before them, the lesdone, young men of the church are 362 The Improvement Era for April, 1933

not only developing through this exbecause of the leadership we have had. attempted to show the Sunday School,

perience afforded them, the art of adWe have a united stake presidency back the Mutual and Aaronic Priesthood dressing a congregation, but every of the correlation work. We have a groups what their responsibility is and

speech delivered helps to establish in second counselor in the presidency who how they can approach these boys.

the soul of the young man so favored, eats, breathes, sleeps and dreams corFourth, we have gone forward to suif his efforts have been received kindrelation work. No small share of our pervise, visit and encourage the men in

ly, a desire to increase his powers to success is due to the stake correlation the various wards. Men on the Stake

do and thus he is unconsciously desecretary. Brother Leonard Aamodt Sunday School Board were asked to

veloping faith and a knowledge of Goshas been untiring in seeing that the visit and help their wards, and to return pel principles, which go before him as reports are prepared and sent in. The to the stake the information they had

a guiding star all his days. bishops of our wards have been outobtained. The Scout men and the

The Priesthood meeting is the trainstanding in their support of this work. Aaronic Priesthood men bring in their

ing school. Here he should discuss these I have outlined six items that seem information.

problems with his associates. He to be paramount in the success of this As a fifth principle, we have atshould ask questions on matters he does work. tempted to put over a leadership trainnot understand, and he should be ever First, we attempted to organize, to ing course in these meetings. We have

ready to give others the benefit of his bring our boy leadership together, to attempted to show what individual and knowledge. And so if we follow day inform them and to convert them, if "case"work really is; that some of

by day the Lord's plan, we are led in need be, to this work. In these meetthese boys have had a mental upset;

our youth to the fountain of knowlings we have attempted to bring inthat there may be economic conditions;

edge, which gives strength not only to spiration to them. We have tried to that in some cases indifference on the

the mind, but to the body, and power follow the plan of organization printed part of the boys may be due to some to withstand the ravages of a temin the Deseret News on January 22, unkind response on the part of the poral world destined to decay. 1932. leader. We have urged our men to

As the second principle, we have set take advantage of the specialization the Scouts. of facts. surveys we courses get the to The Use of Lesson Outlines out sixth, we plan in future visits purpose And for the been have have made

"CVERY quorum of Aaronic Priestof giving us information. We found and at correlation meetings to follow

the information. not up in have our stake out that 181 boys to is urged in the Church hood

If have had any success, it has Priestoffice we in the ordained to any been prepared outlines lessonuse the by the

Presiding Bishopric. These outlines hood. This is an appalling thing. We been largely because we have attempted

contain the complete program for spend thousands of dollars to send misto follow the plan proposed by our training young men in Priesthood acsionaries abroad to convert others but presiding officers which we think is the tivity. In wards where the quorum we have in our own back yard a fruitmost worthwhile we have any knowlmeeting is merged with the Sunday ful field. We have given the names of edge of for the guidance of youth from

School class, if the Sunday School lesthese 181 boys to our bishops and they 12 to 20.

son is used instead of the Priesthood are working with them. We found out

Priesthood our of that some 48% be lesson should each member quorum age. by goApril in Church History found are over groups We outlesson to secureurged the quorum

that had headquarters we to ing Scout assigned line lessons be the should and is in rich anniversachurch PRIL A Nichregistered. Brother Scouts 356 for the supervisor each week by home

ries. It belief is the that of many our of in charge been has oUs, who is It every reading. that important

is the anniversary April 6th only not facts were the said, work, Scout when the lesson outhave supervisorquorum of the the of organization Church and believed never "I to him: presented it line instructions contains as and

suggestions for carrying forward the that this condition existed in our stake. several other important events in church

that extremely but two other in history, every was boy It seemed to me thatquorum work.

events that date occurred important on are boys are 660 There Scouting. who

not in Scouting."namely, the birth of the Savior and

first vision. secular Smith's In in the Success Outstanding principle, have Joseph third we As the history discovered the north pole Peary together. groups our brought We have Correlation Plan the States entered United and the world

By PHILO T. FARNSWORTH, war,events.to mentionOther importantbut two eventsoutstandingof inChairman Aaronic Priesthood ComEvidence terest to young men of the Church are

mittee of Grant Stake listed here.

T AM reminded of a class of midBy Alberta Huish Christensen April 12, 1807, Parley P. Pratt

shipmen at a naval academy who /I PRIL, are you here again? born, Burlington, Vermont.

were taking examinations. The ques- I think it must be true, April 5, 1829, Joseph Smith and

tion had been placed on the board. Who else could rouse the torpid sap Oliver Cowdery first met.

One boy looked at it, wrote hastily on From somnolence, but you? April 6, 1830, Our Church was orhis paper and handed it in. The inganized at Fayette, Seneca County,

lure linnet the else could First Elders were ordained. York. structor been back. New watching had and Who him

flight, frost the to put Could Oliver 11, April 1830, Cowdery that his thinking the head, shook boy loveliness clothe in perfumed Or first public delivered sermon on the the question given mucli have must not overnight? hedge plum The

attention. The question was: "Why restored gospel.

did the Spanish Armada fail?"The April, you ARE here again,... April 14, 1832, Brigham Young

boy had answered the question as folDeep streams once more are blue, was baptized at Mendon, New York.

lows: "The Spanish Armada failed Who could release their icebound lips April 23, 1839, Site of Nauvoo,

chant again, but you? To selected to be- (then was Commerce) because it lacked three ships—markthe church, of headquarters manship, seamanship and throb with life, come leadership."In furrowed loam seeds

The work in which you are engaged is Who else could bid them grow? April 6, 1841, Corner stone of Naudependent upon its success for leaderWho else could lift from stifled hearts voo Temple laid.

ship. If there has been anything acThe winter's burdening snow? April 2, 1843, Joseph Smith made

complished in Grant Stake, it has been second prophecy regarding Civil War

The Improvement Era for April, 1933 363

praised the Lord and rejoiced exceedThe Priesthood Class—that it would be caused by slavery

and begin at South Carolina. ingly."

Exercise company Advance April 5, 1847, by commanded was "The Church left pioneersof "Mormon"SUGGESTIONS TO SUPER- a record, and Joseph Winter revelation to keep

Quarters for "Upper California,"now Smith, jun., was named by the Lord a VISORS

Utah. Seer, a Prophet, Revelator, a an Aposis exercise into divided 'npHE 14, April 1847, Brigham Young etc. (Doc. Christ, and Jesus tle of Activity (a) and two official leaders left of Winclassperiods.—partyand Sec. Cov., 20.) first period, (b) work. Lesson Theter for west. Quarters

April 6, 1853, Corner stone of Salt "Soon after the organization of the that of the preliminary exercises and performed and to checking of duties parents (Joseph the Prophet's Church laid. TempleLake

is of vital importance performed, Martin be Smith), Smith, sen., and Lucy April 7, 1860, First Pony Express

from west reached Salt Lake. Harris and A. Rockwell were bapand should be given first consideration

April 9, i860, First Pony Express tized. each week. It may require, with propfifteen time. minutes er system, about east Salt Lake. reachedfrom been persons baphad "Some who activities the of review the Following stone of 14, Corner April 1879, sectarian in tized denominations the lesson that of period, work, second laid. TempleManti join the desired to without Church thirto twenty follow. should About 8, Woodruff Wilford April 1889, Lord, revfurther the baptism, but by available, dependty be should minutes the President Church. ofbecame the elation Prophet Joseph through allotted time the to quorum ing upon Salt 6, Lake April Temple 1893, at enter in to instructed Smith, them work.dedicated. gate, as the had and commanded, He separate various the quorums When

counsel to seek (Doc. not and God."exercises they the opening following

Prepare Now for Aaronic Cov., Sec. 22.) should carry out the class exercises unSince the date upon which the der the presidency of the quorum with

Priesthood Day Church was organized, more light has the direct guidance of the supervisor.

been poured out upon the world than and under the general direction of a \4"AY 15, 1829, the Aaronic Priestin hundreds of years of previous world member of the bishopric. If there be

hood was restored in this dispenhistory and more progress has been more than one quorum, each quorum sation. Sunday, May 14, 1933, has made scientifically, industrially, soshould meet separately with a superbeen designated as the day for observcially and religiously. Among future visor for each quorum.

ing the anniversary of this important generations of the world this date will The bishop's counselor should act event. It is suggested that Bishops undoubtedly stand out as an important in an advisory capacity with the quoand Counselors and Ward Supervisors one in world History. rum presidency in carrying out the

of the Aaronic Priesthood begin at order of business in the class and in this event. to prepare foronce

whereverchoruses organized should be Boys'Aaronic Priesthood discussingmay be desirable.such itemsHe should,of instructionof course,as

rehearsing songs.possible, appropriate of the take charge ordination of any Organization Gains

of should beBooks comRemembrance supervisor coshould member. The

as far as for ready possiblepleted and operate in the presidency with making the year past than more "TOURING in asthe exhibit each planned ward duties of assignments following and up "additional members have 200 in the foroutlined Books Lesson the in same, attendance promoting and to PriestAaronic been Stake added Priesthood quorums.Aaronic The in activities. social take should He result as a the of hood Committees the suggestedcomplete program by the charge lesson of work. organization conducted campaign by sent will be Bishopric outPresiding suggested order business to of be A (the is Bishopric. Presiding an This

in will theshortly published be and the followed by presidency quorum cent. increase per of 50 forEra May. the during thirty to -five forty minutes

Ward supervisors have been inallotted for this work is as follows:

creased by more than 200, bringing (a) Activity Period:

Thumbnail Sketches of the total to approximately 650 wards 1 Prayer.

Priesthood conducting Aaronic 2. Call. Roll Church History now

assisting the with supervisors work, 3. Consider ways of increasing

Organization of the Church bishopric. attendance of absent memDuring this year a plan of intensive bers.

npHE Church (afterwards named by leadership training is being carried out 4. Report on assignment of durevelation the Church of Jesus for the purpose of assisting these new ties performed,

Christ of Latterday Saints) was ormembers of stake and ward committees 5. Assignment of duties for enganized according to the laws of the lin becoming acquainted with their suing week.

State of New York, April 6, 1830, work. 6. Social and fraternal activiin the house of Peter Whitmer, sen., at ties.

Fayette, Seneca Co., N. Y., with six 7. Any instruction by member

members, namely, Joseph Smith, jun., of bishopric. (15 minutes,

Oliver Cowdery, Hyrum Smith, Peter Resignation more or less.)

Whitmer, jun., Samuel H. Smith and By Juanita Pulsipher (b) Lesson Period:

David Whitmer. Joseph Smith, jun., Lesson work under direction

and Oliver Cowdery ordained each /BRUISED my wings on convention's of supervisor. (20 to 30 minbars, first the Elders in utes.) Elders—the free, aspire, to to soar, be to effort Increasing Attendance. to commandment EveryChurch—accordingother if I stars. the could, move, among laid should then be God. hands abfrom the for They to account made flight brief quickly of song on ToButI longed was my

all sence present, baptized the of supervisor "that members any member. The spent

they might receive the gift of the Holy It left in my heart neither peace nor conand the quorum presidency, with the

Ghost and be confirmed members of tent. cooperation of the members, should

the Church."The Holy Ghost was adopt such measures as will insure the

poured out upon them "to a very great A cage is so sheltered, so safe, so secure. best attendance and the greatest indegree."Some prophesied and "all terest.

MlUinUAIL MESSAGES Executive Departmem\ Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices

General Superintendency General Presidency

Y. M. M. I. A. General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. Y. L. M. I. A.

GEORGE ALBERT SMITH, 47 EAST SOUTH TEMPLE STREET RUTH MAY FOX,

RICHARD R. LYMAN, LUCY GRANT CANNON,

MELVIN'J. BALLARD, General Offices Y. L. M. I. A. CLARISSA A. BEESLEY.

Executive Secretary: 33 BISHOP'S BUILDING General Secretary:

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH ELSIE HOGAN

Reports from the Field So. Davis Stake El Paso Ward Union Ward

The Gold and Green Ball of El Paso The Gold and Green Ball, held at La of the best plans ever used ward proved to be a most successful afGrande, Oregon, attracted the largestONEin South Davis Stake for the fair. The Contest dance was demoncrowd which has gathered in any soencouragement of participastrated before a large crowd in a hall cial activity this sea,son. The hall

tion in drama by inexperienced beautifully decorated in the M. I. A. was attractively decorated, a false ceilmembers was tried out during the colors. Gold and green refreshments ing of green and gold streamers being

past few weeks. The play "Stoves"were served, and an excellent time was suspended between chandeliers and balwas chosen, casts to be made up enhad by all. cony, and small Japanese lanterns being

tirely of those who had had no prehung profusely. The orchestra played

vious experience on the stage, and Great Falls from a gold and green bower on the directed by inexperienced directors. The Gold and Green Ball at Great stage. The queen, chosen from a numAll wards agreed to join, with the Falls, Montana, was a most delightful ber of goldand-greengowned girls,

result that three of the eight wards aifair, many young people attending, was presented with a bouquet of dafhad eliminations of three, two and two and a most interesting evening being fodils. The Contest dance was demcasts respectively. The remaining spent. The hall was decorated in the onstrated as a feature of the evening.

wards had but one cast. Because some colors of the organization, and excelwards objected to the contest feature, lent music was a feature of the occaPalmyra Stake

it was decided to present the plays in sion. A queen was selected and About 800 people attended the Paldemonstration, with competent people crowned, then presented with a great myra Stake Gold and Green Ball, and

invited to see the plays and give conbouquet of flowers. All voted the unusual success followed. The spestructive criticism. The results of this affair most successful. cial feature was a demonstration for

project were many and varied, but most interesting. Seventyeight people participated in the performances,

and the fact that none of them had appeared on the stage before gave confidence to all. One result of it has been

that some individuals who had not had courage to enter in contest plays, have tried out with the others, and are on their way toward some interesting experience on the stage.

Gold and Green Balls Sacramento District HE Gold and Green Ball has becomeT one of the outstanding social events of the city; this year it was held

in one of the finest halls of the town, commodious, charming in appointment, and beautifully decorated. More

than 500 people were present, and the entire affair was characterized by an atmosphere of excellence in conduct and buoyancy of spirit. Following

the ball, several nonmembers of the

Church made favorable and enthusiastic comment on the success of the function, observing especially the absence of tobacco, liquor and unrefined behavior. It was one of the best

balls ever held in the district. Queen and Attendants, Gold and Green Ball, Spokane, Washington

The Improvement Era for April, 1933 365

event for the young people from twelve to fourteen years old of the

Stake.

They also had their queens chosen from the six wards represented. The

contest dance was demonstrated here also. The dances were well conducted

and the officers in charge are to be congratulated on the success of the two evening's entertainment.

San Diego District The annual Gold and Green Ball was held in the 10th street auditorium in San Diego as a district affair, all three branches participating. Each

branch presented some idea pertaining to Mutual Work. The three

groups were announced by fanfare, after which a Page dressed in a court costume of green, announced the three groups and their ideas.

San Diego won first place with "The

San Diego "Heart of a Rose"Heart of a Rose"idea. A huge rose of

gold crepe paper was constructed on ot platform stem on casters. The in of theeach month South Sevier'Stake a the year—Passing at- a handle. the rose formed Two a Entering and Year of the New;Old

red heart opening to admit George and The annual Gold and Green Ball of tendants gowned in green garden dressMartha Washington (in miniature) the South Sevier Stake was held Fries brought in the rose in which was who danced the Minuet; a couple in day, Jan. 27th, in the Stake Pavilion seated the Queen. Before the group

Irish costume dancing the Irish Jig; at Monroe under the direction and manappeared, six young girls sang the reFlowers, sleeping, wakened by the agement of the M. I. A. Stake Presidenfrain, "In the Heart of a Rose."This

warm rays of April sunshine; Queen cies. music accompanied the group around

of the May; fishing trip; Uncle Sam The building was beautifully decothe hall, during which time the Rose

and Goddess of Liberty; Beach Picnic; rated in gold and green, and formed a opened and the Queen revealed herself

Queen of Autumn leaves. Labor Day, very appropriate background for the as the heart of pure gold.

commencement of school from beginhuge crowd which filled it almost to East San Diego presented the Era ners to college (this won the prize) capacity. It is estimated that over idea. A handpainted replica of the

an enormous pumpkin carrying an Aunine hundred people attended this funcJanuary issue formed the cover of a tumn fairy scattering leaves; Armistion. A queen and attendants were book, which, when opened, revealed

tice; burlesque on M. I. A. Stake Board chosen. Ten couples from the dif- a blank page. The page was torn by

Xmas Tree. Another feature was a ferent wards demonstrated the contest a Boy Scout and out of it stepped a

demonstration of the Gold and Green dance adding to the evening's entertainlittle girl dressed as a Bee, representcontest dance, which added interest to ment and success. ing the BeeHive organizations. She

the affair. Saturday night, Jan. 28th, from sevwas followed by the queen, who apen to ten o'clock the Junior Gold and peared in a quaint ruiBed dress of green

Fremont Stake Green Ball was held in the same place and carried a bouquet of gold roses.

The Gold and Green Ball of the and under the same direction and manThe queen's attendants were dressed in

Fremont Stake for this year was adagement. gold. One carried a plaque with the

vertised as the biggest social event of This was the outstanding social slogan and the other an Era.

the season, and its realization surpassed all expectations.

The pavilion was decorated beautifully, the ceiling being cobwebbed with shaded tints of gold and green and a large gold and green chandelier was hanging in the center. Pots of

flowers were placed artistically around the hall and the windows were curtained with gold and green drapes.

A demonstration of the Gold and

Green foxtrot was given during intermission. The four wards of Rexburg and the Sugar and Teton Wards

were represented. It was a thrilling and

beautiful sight to see the many couples moving in the rhythmical measures of this dance. The original Stake dance

was also demonstrated.

The music was furnished by a local ten piece orchestra.

A large crowd attended the dance and it resulted in a financial success as well as a social one. Gold and Green Queen and Attendants, Oquirrh Stake

366 The Improvement Era for April, 1933

Although the largest dancing floor in the stake was used, it was crowded to capacity. Approximately six hundred

people attended the dance.

Every detail of the plan had been carefully worked out by the committee in charge so that the event was a real triumph. At the sound of a trumpet

each main feature was presented. Four

thrones were in readiness for the queens who had been chosen from the Gleaner class of each ward. The queen entered

followed by her attendants. The members of her ward joined in a march led

by their queen. She then took her

throne and the next queen entered.

When the four queens had been presented, the gold and green foxtrot was given in their honor. Under the

direction of the stake dance director, twenty couples participated in th2 dance.

The success of the evening may be attributed to the loyal cooperation which the ward officers are giving in

Queen of Gold and Green Ball, carrying out a stake dancing program.

Le Grande Ward, Union Stake Our greatest difficulty another year will be to find a hall large enough to acQueen of Gold and Green Ball,

Logan Heights very effectively treatcommodate the crowd. Great Falls, Montana

ed part of the slogan, "We Stand for

Enrichment of Life."queen, The in Oquirrh Stake Bear Lake Stake Music Festival of green satin a formal gown was preceded by a toddling lad of three repreThe annual Gold and Green Ball of The stake tabernacle was filled to

senting Oquirrh Stake in 1933. was held Pleasthe bower green of fern A capacity Festival reat the Music held ant roses Green gold recreation with hall, a formed attendWard canopy over cently, approximately people 1300 ed the the largest by queen carried and at a present crowd was her by two

being present. festival a The was affair stake in attendants, the last followed years. three by two Boy

Scouts. Features of the evening were the grand great success, and the directors deserve

While awaiting the judges'decision march of queen and escorts, contest the highest praise for their efforts. The

of the three groups, the contest dance dance demonstration and general dancchorus work, solos and instrumental was demonstrated. ing. The queen was chosen by points work was most delightful, especially

of honor, instead of popular vote, the since there were representatives of every

The Big Horn Stake points being based as follows: ward participating. The promise given

The Gold and Green Ball held in 40% for ward with highest perby the event was one of greater musical this Stake was a very successful event. centage of attendance at M. L A. activity and interest in this stake.

15% for ward having highest percentage of Era subscriptions.

15 % for ward with highest percentage of officers present at Dec. Union

meeting. 15% for ward with highest percentage of officers present at Jan. Union

meeting. 15% for ward having collected highest percentage of M. I. A, fund.

The Queen was selected from Pleasant Green Ward.

Wasatch Stake

For the Gold and Green Ball of this stake the hall and throne for the Queen were colorful in the M. I. A. colors,

with flowers, lamps and illuminated monogram adding to the general effect.

The Gleaners, Junior Girls, BeeHive

Girls, Vanguards and Scouts had a booth in which to display their work.

As the queens marched in, each was given a corsage bouquet, after which they marched to the throne for the crowning of the Queen of Queens.

The demonstration of the new conGold and Green Queen, Sacramento test dance was a most interesting featQueen of Gold and Green Ball,

Branch ure, and the entire affair delightful. El Paso Ward

The Improvement Era for April, 1933 367

Stake and Ward Officers and Teachers, and Members are Seniors in SuggestionsInvited to send letter continues: Class. The Get Acquainted a Senior

this are department of "The reportsfor Slogan. 193334

/NE of the chief objectives of the very good. Five feel that the Senior

is one of their most successful classes. A T this season of the year the GenSenior class is sociability, an en-

- eral Boards of the M. I. A. select larging of acquaintanceship. In line This department is following the outthe slogan to be used by the Associawith this objective it is suggested that lined course of study together with

tions during the following year. It the Senior classes in each stake join their social evening, as given in the

has been suggested that superintendents in a stake Senior social or Get AcquaintManual.

and presidents, both stake and ward, ed. At the earliest possible meeting, ar- "Many of our part time Missionteachers and members might have a rangements should be made and officers aries have joined this class, and the

desire to offer suggestions. All those selected or elected to carry forward investigators as a rule visit this dewho would like to assist in building a plans for your stake gathering. Each partment."

193334 slogan arc invited to send ward may be assigned the part it is to their suggestions to the Secretary of take and a suitable place be chosen. THE Northwestern States

the General M. I. A. Board, 47 East You will of course be guided by your Mission

South Temple St., Salt Lakje City, facilities in the stake and the number

all favorable. very "Reports are One in preSeniorsUtah, on or before May 1. of I. A. your M. May

the this that said class was organization several special sents days such as May

Day, Mothers'Da'y, and Memorial largest of the entire Mutual."

Sunday Evening Joint Day,departmentbut anyis dayspecialchosenenough.by the Senior North Weber Stake

social a Your of take the form may alclass, this the of wards "In someSession—May dance, a party progressive of or games, yet, large as sucis very though not

/GENERAL Subject: The Restoraif the latter part of May or the first cessful. The lesson material is enjoyed

- tion. of June is chosen it might well be a very much and members of the class.

picnic It outof-doors. be might interested. other In Wards, a seem how- 1. Angel From on Singing—"An

hardtimes party dance or or almost an ever, with meeting are not they muchHigh"or similar hymn.

affair. is sure a that place formal Be seems, success. biggest problem The 2. Vanguard. 'be chosen sociable can which Prayer—A made a. get to attendance and good to be 3. Singing—"What Was Witnessed and attractive. Then let your Decoralarger enrollment."

in the Heavens,"or a similar hymn. tion committee, your Music and Procommittees, gram 4. your Refreshment Presentation Stake: Montpelier

their best. that committee do Be sure 5. Story Retold of—theVanguardSlogan. or

is acquainted every one and that made wards have organized the "Some Girl.Junior

themselves. to It is well is all enjoy class. Senior attend- a There good 6. Girl a Junior Testimony—-By

feature if your than one activity more interesting. lessons are the ance and course—"Believing the and DoWhat

is mixed. group are class this attending haveSome who Activity, the ing, For Done Have and

picnic might be any not attended the M. I. A. before."Me."See Chap. 24, Junior Girl Man- A Spring

ual, especially the last paragraph. Five amount of fun. You might feature

to seven minutes. your playground baseball and have a Cache Stake

7. The Lands My Parents Came tournament.and let them drawSign upforyouropponentsward teamsand "Our Senior classes are organized

From in Answer to the Gospel Call play off the first series towards a stake well and are, we consider, very success- a Junior Girl. Five minutes. For Senior baseball championship team. ful."

suggestion sec February number, 1933, Other events might be featured from

Improvement Era, page 242. the Senior program as volley ball or Alpine Stake

8. Special Music, instrumental or horseshoes. Feature the picnic as much

successful, arc very the Wards vocal. "Two as rolls, steak and possible—hot other are just average. wards two While the 9. weinies, beans, chocolate, hot Views baked a Young Man How

all four to enjoying, be seem wards things a great will too be Vanguard. not which (RememRestoration—A the class enjoyable and having very either expense that younger ber or Joseph of Smith was burden by way

than a vanguard at the time of his first preparation. times."

vision. The restoration of the Gospel If a social gathering is planned keep

and the restoration of the Priesthood the games moving. Introduce the Los Angeles Stake

may both be mentioned. See Joseph guests with some well chosen "iceSmith's own account which may be breakers"that will keep them moving "The Senior Classes seem to be veryhad free by sending to the Presiding and not give them a chance to get seatsuccessful in every Ward in which they

Bishop's Office.) ed for the evening. Make the games arc held. They have enthusiastic and

various, of entertainments harmonious die to your not on short enough 1 0. Patterns JosProphet set by the to kinds, skating parties house from part. taking every one have and to Live Smith for Young By hands Men parties and dances."bethave yourselves many Vanguard. may You—Aeph

1 1. Closing Music. ter suggestions. Have a good time.

12. Benediction. Make it an objective of the social to South Sevier Stake

new friends you can many see how interesting lessonsthe enjoy "We In connection 10 the with No. acquaintanceship. to your add the splendid response get a and from speaker the could mention Vanguard

and the of WisdomWord duties of The California Mission class."those Priesthood. holding the Aaronic "At the beginning of Mutual weStories of the young man, Nephi, The California Mission reports that gave a Senior party at our home and

might also be told. 9 of its Mutuals have each organized (Continued on page 3 70)

368 The Improvement Era for April, 1933

and shades were used by both men.

The one created and enriched the world MenGleaners and brought happiness to his own lifeM by his contribution, the other carelessly charm and beauty with the harmony wove his pattern to buy tobacco forM MenGleaners thereby making of the seasons, our his pipe.

'"pHE "M"MenGleaner program for presence and association desirable to In our quest for happiness and joy

May will be "Our Social Obligaothers? Molly Anderson Haley has exwe may find the delightful relaxation

tion During Vacation Time."pressed these thoughts in the little poem which lightens hearts and builds souls.

"What is so rare as a day in June?"which she entitles In our summer activities let us educate

wrote Lowell in his "The Vision of Sir ourselves to choose the higher things a feel real satisfaction the when Launfal."A Prayer for the Everyday and

is acgone. the Let us shun summer What is more delightful than the

coming of spring and summer after T ET me not shut myself within mytivities that would tend to mar the the snows and the frosts of winter? -'self. beautiful design that we have visioned

The period of the year we are now Nor dedicate my days to petty as bringing satisfaction and great joy.

entering is the vacation time of the things. When the leisure hours of summer come

year. Those who have been attending Let there be many windows in my life, to us with their wonderful opportunischool have laid aside their books and The entrance to my heart a door ties let us fill them with a response

their studies and before them lies a that swings from the best that is within us. "Man

it be delightful period of leisure time. How Where through I go and come with is that he might have joy"—let

properly to utilize the opportunities eyes that smile the joy that comes from delightful, presented during this period of the And folk without as gladly come to high class recreation.

year is the problem that confronts us. me. This is the evening when the Junior

Through the reading of good books we That haply I may learn that thing girls have been invited to join the "M"can contact the thoughts of great minds, worth while MenGleaners in their evening's prothereby greatly enriching ourselves. The art of human hospitality. gram. We hope they will enjoy partiEmerson expressed a great truth when Save me from selfpreferment that cipating with the older group and

he said, "Give me a good book, health, would gain that the outing scheduled for this and a June day, and I will make the Its cloistered place, safesheltered night's activity has been well planned pomp of kings appear ridiculous."from the strife; and will result in a delightful occasion

Springtime finds us in the midst of But, purposeful and calm and sweet for all.

the awakening of nature; the hills and sane,

and the canyons put on a new and Lord, keep me in the LivingRoom beautiful garb, and the lakes and woods of Life!

of The making most inviting.become M MenGleaner Speech

associand pleasantfine comradeships Late Spring and Summer with all ations with those for whom we care, its color and sunshine was just meant A GAIN the M. I. A. is nearing the

makes it possible for us to enjoy the for rest and enjoyment. To many climax of the winter's activities

intended God thus afforded. interest contests.pleasures particular Of leisbring people hours summer much to M

It is our have joy. contest in Gleaners is thethat we should is Men and really ure time, our the time which

heritage that happiness should fill our own. How often do we long for time Public Speaking, for it has long been

lives and no season of the year affords that belongs to us, to use as we see considered their event. By way of

greater opportunities for the accomfit, to do the things we enjoy doing. reminder some of the regulations govplishment of these things. Happiness is intelligent satisfaction and erning the event are given here: The

Bessie A. Stanley expresses some fine great happiness may come through the speech given in contest shall have as

thoughts in her definition of success. realization of delightful activities its subject the slogan of the present

She wrote: "He has achieved success which satisfy and develop the very year, "We stand for enrichment of life

who has lived well, laughed often, and best in us. The urge to play in the through constructive use of leisure and

loved much; who has gained the resunshine, to wander through the hills personal service to fellowman."Each

spect of intelligent men, the trust of and canyons, to lunch in the shady person entering the contest shall have pure women and the love of little chilnook, to swim, to dance, to ride and taken a coursein an M. I. A. group

dren; who has filled his niche and acplay golf and, tennis, are only a few of in Speech, or have read and studied

complished his task; who has left the the delights that come with summer. the material in the Activity Manual,

world better than he found it, whether The world is so full of life and joy pages 294 to 396, and must, as well, by an improved poppy, a perfect poem, and color that we truly spend the long have appeared three times (twice before or a rescued soul; who has never lacked winter happily because we know spring groups of ten or more people, and at

appreciation of earth's beauty or failed and summer must follow. But still least once in public) presenting a

to express it; who has looked for the a beautiful thing may be made ugly speech, carefully prepared, of from 5

best in others and given them the best if not treated sanely and with utmost to 1 minutes'duration. Contestants

he had; whose life was an inspiration, care. In the far off land of India shall be of 17 to 23 years of age, perwhose memory a benediction."two weavers sat side by side daily, sons having reached their 24th birthIs it not, then, our responsibility to weaving rugs. The rugs of one of day or their 1 7th birthday during the

fill our leisure time, during this wonthem sold immediately and there were M. I. A. season being eligible. "A"

derful period of the year, in refreshing orders waiting, but the rugs of the other standard must be reached in Thought our minds with the thoughts of the weaver would lay in a pile and many (worthwhile material and a single and great writers; to so arrange our affairs times he would reduce the price in definite thought); Language (message

that we can spend much time in pleasorder to dispose of them. The rugs adequately clothed in words); Voice

ant association with others; to devote of the first one were beautiful and (vocally pleasing and sufiiciently ausome portion of each day to the devissmooth with a harmony of color and dible, and conversational in manner);

facial other (every in design.ing beauty means and to make of ways rugs made by Action The

expression, the happier, bit a littlepeople the second and in spasmodic and postures,action—posture,etc., must further man were

rendition of service that will aid those irregular. The designs were vicious the meaning). Also, the speech must

in need of help; to keep ourselves in and unattractive. The same materials be integrated as a whole.

The Improvement Era for April, 1933 369

Ward, Stake and Church >Gleaner Girls Books

carefully the instrucpagesThe Grave of Martin Harris Pictures add Interest pLEASEtions givenread on 16 15 and

Gleaner Course of Study piCTURES of events and places will of the Gleaner Manual regarding Ward, add interest and color to the diStake and Church "Treasures of

APRIL PROGRAM: There will vision of "History"in "Treasures of Truth"books. We appreciate the conbe but one manual discussion in Truth"books. On page 18 of the tributions which have come to us and

the month of April. On April 11, Gleaner Manual we give pictures of again ask the cooperation of all ward

Chapter XIV, A Group of Six Prophthe Temples, with notation that the and Sitake Gleaner leaders. Where

ecies, will be considered. (See GleanAcme Photo Company, 873 South 7th stake leaders have already sent in coner Manual, p. 126.) According to the East Street, Salt Lake City, has pretributions and now have additional seGleaner calendar, April 18 and 25 are pared this sheet containing pictures of lections from Gleaner books which are

reserved for Ward and Stake Honor all nine Temples and that it may be outstanding, we should be very happy

Nights. (However, these dates may purchased from this company for 25c. to receive them. Ward books are to

have been changed to meet your local The company has now prepared a simbe retained in the wards and stake books conditions.) ilar sheet containing the Presidents of are to be kept in the stakes; we desire

May Program: For the month of the Church, in size 8x10, for 25c. only copies of contributions, with atMay our manual discussions will be Pictures of each individual Temple, testation, date and signature, the same

Chapter XV, The Preservation of the scenes of early and present day Church as the original, from stake books. We

Nephite Record and the Coming Forth activities, buildings, monuments, the hope to receive your selections by of the Book of Mormon and Chapter Presidents of the Church and misMay 1.

XVI, The Last Days. (See Gleaner cellaneous views of Church intersize 3 est, in x 4j/4, inclusive.) mayManual pp. 131140 be obTwo Poems the from Photo Company, Acme Treasures of Truth: No project tained

for request 5c each. you Upon may is in the Gleaner calscheduledevening WILLIAMS By HELENA MAY see these at the of views sample copy April. theendar for month of Girl A Gleaner Office, Bishop's General Board 33

On the project evening, Tuesday, Building, Orders for all pictures should

May 23, the division of "History"will be placed with the Acme Photo ComTo A Fair Weather Friend be taken up. (See Gleaner Manual, pany direct. pHE skies were bright, the sunp. 52.)

shone down.

Radio Program to sang, forgot frown. laughed and We girls Gleaner of Stake HyrumnpHE just loved played danced and 'and We services of radio JanSunday, a visit the sponsored to of grave I HE life,

direction uary, the of under 1933, in HarrisMartin Clarkston, Cache or there worldly trouble was Forgot

I. the A., the presented Gleaner M. in Utah, 1932.County, May, Apstrife.

in interestProjects Junior and a mostproximately gathone people hundred ing delightful manner. This proandered at the grave where a short program you friend and held youi And I called

is published Dein the Church gramconsisting singing, sketches of prayer, hand,

Deseret of the News the of in the incidents life of partment life and glad that by me you chose to of SatAnd was

If it is available 28. urday, January this witness to of the Book Mormon stand.

in varithe locally be presented can and picturewas given. was The above day the sun went under a But one

it oi will the of be Church, wards picture, at the grave. toous taken The cloud.

gether with details of the visit to the real value in furthering the project. Of me you seemed to grow less proud.

grave and a brief history of the life of Martin Harris make a choice "treasOpen Night Then the lightning came and thunder ure"for the "History"division of the and hail, books of the Gleaner girls of Hyrum "[0 program is outlined for TuesAnd beat me like an unmerciful flail.

Stake. day, May 30. When at last I looked up through teardiramed eyes,

Lo! you'd gone to a place with bluer

skies.

And so, my dear, I say to you.

Anyone's skies can't always be blue.

Mine now are grey and my heart is torn,

Yet soon a glad day for me will be born.

For every life must have sunshine and rain, And every heart must know gladness and pain.

If skies now are bright, they may turn grey, If black now and raining, soon they'll be gay.

Far off, in the distance, I see my hope shine.

M. /. A. Girls at the Grave of Martin Harris, One of the Three Witnesses Soon my skies will brighten, my life

of the Book of Mormon outshine 370 The Improvement Era for April, 1933

Any that you've ever felt or seen, >

But my eyes are becoming very keen. >So goodbye for ever, fair weather Junior Girls

friend.

It's better that this should be the end "When we look into the long avethan you had at first? That will be

Than that my skies should darken nue of the future and see the good the real test of your leadership!

again there is for each one of us to do we We are happy that the story tellingLosing you, yet needing friends—badrealize after all what a beautiful thing course has found favor with our Junior

season. it is to past Girls the Mutual One work and to live and be haptelling ly—then. py."has the art writer Stevenson. of story on

Loneliness said: "When we use our imagination

year to soon drawing Mutual 'npHIS story, tell a to we are and emotionnHERE was a girl at college a close splendid progress has shown underlie forces that using the same

We all felt sorry for; in the Junior department. The quality creative work."Contest time is nearall

She seemed so often lonely, of the work done by the leaders has at hand and contest requirements as

We wished to give her more been so fine, that the results are manigiven in the Supplement should be true companionship. and joyOf to the attention of fest in the interest of the girls thembrought all who

laughed while we But and played, selves. also plan to enter. can Junior girls

She read and thought and pondered, The program as presented and carcontest in dance, drama, and music.

And lovely poems made. ried out, has been thoroughly spiritual

dears, I read her poems character, in itsMy and that, combined Leaders yesterday twilight, At features, recreational with enough

Her thoughts, her hopes, her ideas; makes it ideal for our Junior girls. "DEFER to the calendar, page 108

How such things do repay. The Junior committee of the Genof the Manual and check on work

She whom we thought was lonely. eral Board feels at this time to express for the balance of this season. Use

Is blest with friends tenfold. praise and appreciation for the splenyour best efforts to make each night

While we in poverty of thought did accomplishments of the past year. outstanding. Are lonely now we're old. In the class discussion on "Believing The project—"Review and Display

of the Books"should be teeming with inthe girls caught have and Doing,"terest. -teifw—spirit to have of the subject, and come

know that there is a Supreme Being, Note that May 2nd the Juniors are from the guests of the M-MenGleaners. is to be

page for the Class Party to plan Begin 367 guidinga lovingtheFatherdestiniesin Heavenof His childrenwhoUS,entorsContinued played games using the word Senior. herefirst stepson earth.in the TheyGospelhaveplanlearnedand havethe on May 23rd.

using poems up making was gameOne their built for a foundation thereby Prayer My I for the S letter word a of E R O N faith, safety, in the strength future and this line. For each of By beginning the MARIANA THOMAS Gospel.

as Girl Junior Manual Senior from Ogden the gavegame, we closing the chapto come now We follows: the poems of prize. One a ters "Believing course in study of our Father, H

"S is for service, we give andincludeDoing."the considerationThese splendidof thelessonslast Give me this day an inspiration,

Each to each, of the Articles of Faith, and finish the Something for which to live, to look for effort E is to, desire. to up step they have to grow journey which step by

reach; Within a part of plan. the Gospel taken through As Spare me N is "No Evil,"a slogan they draw near the conclusion of this Are thine to bestow;the blessings which

We need. course, their enthusiasm should inGive me an ideal which will let me

us all guide onward To best. the Do only responsibility. crease. Junior Your

deed, and thought In Father, And, is interest these in leaders, the to keep seeking intelligent I is worthy Make me girls of my home, my so that lessons burning, when the

For facts, leave this department, they will enter school, my friends.

O is for order to govern the Gleaner Class with a deep love for acts, Our right R is knowledge we theit a gospel,part of andtheirwithdailya lives.desire to make God's Painting

Hope to attain With the increasing interest in our By MARIANA THOMAS is It Seniors name? Our the added project, and "My Story,"posts, and TTTIRES gain."shall goal we Our last these few work, one of Contest chimneys and trees. 'And

earlier the surpass should meetings rods, houses. Lightning activity active three have "We interest. for enthusiasm leadones and bees! Mountains and entertainers expect to put an on and activities these Can't you make painting in so All God's entire class the for our fromment Girls that the alluring to Junior you so grand. wondrous, SoV/ard."classes larger this will year with end all that men Would

Box Elder Stake: He could help understand.

"We have six Senior classes in Box Awakening Pocatello StoryWriting classes areElder of these Stake. Three

By Juanita Pulsipher Contest in their lesson very successful work a conStake has had attendance but and heart out of tune, pOCATELLO was harp of my state. first place the experimental test in storywriting, in an inert; the other three are THEDiscordant, then suddenly

thinks Stake Senior leader Ree a Junior Girl, La "Our by being won the Something much are lessons that next Her of happened—nothingso perfectly right Ward. Rockland that soon Whittier wonderful and But all seemed

season she and the wards will be able It sang a longdreamed melody story, "To Make a House a Home,"to accomplish more. The class fills a To the magic of your touch. brought out Latterday Saint ideals in

need in our M. I. A. group."a splendid way.

The Improvement Era for April, 1933 371

She's helpful, full of cheer;

She's kind, polite, obedient.BeeHive Girls To all whom she holds dear.

Her courage never falters.

TF you have not already done so, be on summer outings. The bulletin conShe will protect the weak.

sure and read the BeeHive notes in tains, also, games, handcraft, first aid, She never flaunts her kindly deeds, the March Era. You will find them etc. In Stakes having summer camps, For she is modest, meek.

very helpful in finishing up your Beewe hope that plans will be made whereHive work. In this connection we by every BeeHive girl may have the She's reverent to her God and church.

hope that many BeeHive girls will delightful experience of spending one Their teaching she obeys.

have completed their scrap books. The day or more at the camp. In generous acts, sweet thoughts and

BeeHive scrap book should contain Mrs. Edith Butler, Stake BeeKeeper prayer,

a history of the BeeHive girl's activiof Shelley Stake writes as follows: She daily lives their praise.

ties and her cell filling for the two "Our Shelley stake BeeHive Swarms She's loyal to her country.

years. have accomplished a great deal this Salutes when flags unfurl;

winter in spite of the big drifts of snow And I may surely say I'm proud

Swarm Day andDay.we Oneare hopingSwarmto ofhaveBuildersa real SwarmenterThat I'm a BeeHive girl.

'I HE BeeHive Committee was detained their mothers at a banquet and Envelopes for Scrap Books surprised each, an apron them with lighted with the of many Swarm By MOSS MILDRED girls in their the which Beehad made exercises last year, in butDay some Cross, Utah Woods class. Hive stakesinstances presented just ordiis rent for the the Service pay we programs,nary which connechad no

I earth. the space Editor occupy Era. of upon Improvement wetion except the with BeeHive for work

if shall the pleased Sir: enclosing accompanying be Dear I'm two poems certificates. theawarding of BeeHive

I girls which written have been requestof South by BeeHive Dasuggestions, of the bees is a day of DayThe Swarm use. of vis stake. to send in, are urging I have been the Beetheirrejoicing over accomplishments;

building BeeHive Scrap to the girls While encourage to write my isit feasting together. of a day This Keepers

I that did not always I found poetry as a in the love Book, developmentis want to make what we our Swarm

Day, one in which the girls rejoice for beautiful things. I have promised have time to care for my material propover the BeeHive accomplishments, a the girls I would mail their poems to erly. Sometimes I lost valuable clipreview more or less of the past two the Era. pings by putting them aside when I

years'experiences together. Some BeeSincerely, lacked time. Some work which MothKeepers have expressed the thought that Bertha Muir, er was doing at the same time gave

they get tired of presenting BeeHive Stake BeeKeeper, us much concern as to how to care programs year after year at Swa'rm South Davis. for such things. Together we deDay, that they want to do something vised a system of "homemade"enexercisesdifferent. Graduation at A Prayer velopes.from laundryWe madeand wrappinglarge envelopespaper. each year, the sameschools are much

envelopes one were about made The the having phasescertain of program By AFTON GRANT the scrap shorter than each inch way so it should traditional andbecome 14, West be Age order to give cover. In more Bountiful book year Each Day. we ourwith Swarm

lengthin fold a each room, made was girls part; taking of a group Lord,have new p\EAR

the pastenvelope. Before wise of end "it is long should they their day, one their hives. bees build the As

a together, placed Peter ing Pan we leaves them that with oneremember, lives; to build us Help our

outer inch the patch one about from spirit BeeHive. For of beautifulthe seek faith give knowledge, us As we

flap; the the in center edge of and see pages suggestions 192 DaySwarm the saith say do things thou and To in the center the a hole of punched Book. BeeKeeper'sto 195 do. should We a pencil the upper dot patch; on made

side the envelope to correspond of brass at the a brad through, push andSummer Work AndTastehelpthe sweetnessus. Father,of toservicelove truth;throughdot, underside. the Over from out youth. our to slackarc inclinedOEEKEEPERS the

to know the Teach us en their responsibilities during Thy Holy work; piecehead ofof adhesivethe brasstapebradto keepwe placedthe brada

from our duties shirk, we And when doesn't time, since Mutualsummer in place. things other but (We tried Guide our way. session. in regularmeet However, we best.) tape the adhesive found Between

is thisfeel BeeKeeper the a time when sides the enof under upper and Dear Father closer in touch even with keepshould inside, at the bottom, in Heaven, give us beauty velopethe and we in health; girls, leisure the timeher of because placed a strip of unbleached muslin

which they have when not in school. We need not worldly gold for wealth. about one or one and onehalf inches

thank for our Thee We womanhood practical useHandcraft, some making stitched it across the and on help us Oh, defend it as their scrapof the symbol, working on machine. we should! sewingwide,

feel joy We'll etc., interesting acarebooks, summer I I placed ones symbol on the my

tivities for the girls. Amen. used, and printed the name of that

Last year the BeeHive Committee which I wished to put into it in one prepared an excellent bulletin. summer corner. for envelope each I had an A Beehive Girl

sent copies were out, soSome 1500 fields three or four the seven of and there should be at least one copy in By JANET HIGGS extra ones for any other material I every ward in the Church. The Stake Age 13, Woods Cross, Utah considered important enough, such as

BeeKeepers received copies also. These recipes, pictures, party plans and pobulletins were sent without charge and A BEEHIVE girl is a lively girl ems. These envelopes were fastened

we hope that they have been used to With lots of gaiety. in my scrap book cover the same as

good advantage and have been preShe's level headed, cool and calm pages. From the material gathered

served for future use. We would reIn an emergency. and placed in these folders, I made

fer you to this bulletin for suggestions She always knows just what to do. pages for my permanent scrap book.

372 The Improvement Era for April 1933

of the trip, sights seen, odd experiences, >- main impressions and other interestVanguards ing data. In this way a vivid, accurate and continuous record of the jourVanball Finals Thrill variousto reportspartsreceivedof the Church,by the Vanguardaccording neyThewas kept.portable, light, handy and

'T*HAT Vanball from now on will Committee. Preparations are also gocompact, proved more serviceable than

have to be reckoned with as one ing forward in Salt Lake to make the a note book and pencil. It was found

of the outstanding floor games was Archery Finals one of the outstanding that the slight jar of the traveling autodemonstrated to a crowd of several features of June Conference. Commobile on ordinary roads interfered

little clear the turning of very out plete details with the plans of program and Deseret in the spectatorshundred Gymfairly correct copy. and once finals Only for the the will appear in Im25, 1933. Saturday, Februarynasium,

a was mangled. word or two somewhat for provement Era May.

entire the for grand finals In the hit the unauto an was That when

Church, Emigration Ward of Liberty seen hole in the highway in Nevada

Stake, and Ephraim North Ward of Vanguards, Heres an Idea and plunged into the ditch alongside.

South Sanpete Stake, exchanged posiBut the operator managed to hold the tions from the finish of last year. EmTN these days of the almost universal typewriter on his knees despite this

igration Ward won the championship, use of the typewriter it is often brisk bouncing.

after winning a thrilling semifinal made to serve a purpose outside of Upon returning home one of the from Logan Fifth Ward of the Cache that of regular routine work. One boys pasted his copy in a large scrap

Stake and then outpointing Ephraim such special use was made of it rebook with the pictures taken or purNorth Ward, last year's champions. cently by two college boys on an auto chased along the way. Thus the

The order of finish of the eight teams vacation trip from California to unique use of the typewriter gave him goCanyons, and Zion Grand a complete record of his and handy their way to the Grand Bryce, that won

Salt via returning and Lake ing by pleasant that will vacation to serve follows:Finals was as

Desert. Mojave back, bring inupon perusal, many Ward, Liberty the 1st—Emigration a teresting portable along boys took reminders the experience of The

Stake, Salt Lake Council.

that typewriter slip the autoas one otherwise and drove might from mem2nd—Ephraim North Ward, South mobile the other, the typewriter restory. Oscar H. Roesner, Live Oak,

Sanpete3rd—LoganStake, BryceFifthCanyonWard,Council.Cache ing on his knees, tapped off an account Calif.

Stake,4th—MapletonCache ValleyWard,Council.Kolob Stake,

Timpanogos5th—LoganCouncil.Ninth Ward, Cache

Stake, Cache Valley Council.

6thTremonton Ward, Bear River Stake,7th—RexburgOgden GatewayFirstCouncil.Ward, Fremont8th—PocatelloStake, Teton FirstPeaksWard,Council.Pocatello Stake, Eastern Idaho Area Council.

The wmners were dressed in white trousers and white shirts, with a large green block "E"on the front. The

suits for the entire team were earned by selling coal during the winter.

'f'"T 'P Story Telling Contest T TNUSUAL interest is being mani- - fested this year in the story telling contest for Vanguards. The number

of participants in the various wards far exceeds any previous year. Following competition in the wards, stakes

and divisions, the finals will be held in

Salt Lake at June Conference. Contestants in story will participate

through the M. I. A. in all units and

not through Scout Councils as in other contest events. Full details are printed

in the M. I. A. supplement. It is important that contestants learn to actually retell a story and not simply memorize the story and present a reading.

Archery Finals in June PREPARATION for the Grand FiTop: Emigration Ward VanBall Champions.

nals in Archery are under way in Bottom: Ephraim Ward Van Ball Runncrsup.

The Improvement Era for April 1933 373

1. Took neighbor's ash can in;

which had been knockjed into theBoy Scouts street.

2. after Went a baby that had todcreated for have it, you him street. an i- dled the into

loves the heA Tribute to Scouting dealInwhich and to performBy GEO. R. HILL ance of which, he consecrates his life. 3. Helped a small child home from

You are the basis of a friendliness school in a storm.

this, of the twentythe week first/N 4. aid to a dog's injured Gave and understanding between of boys"third birth of in your leg. all potent force for uninations—aanAmerica, of Boy versal O peace. 5. a piece of wire Removed anniversaryScouting—BuilderCharacter—we salute you. As a chalAbove all, O Scouting, you help the school grounds, neck of a broken frombotlenging answer to every natural urge of boy to find God, to know God, to love tle from street and turned a board over

boyhood you are without a peer. God, and to be a partner with God in that had nails in it, so that the points

You take the Scouts to the mounthe accomplishment of His purposes. were down.

fields,tains, the to the to the to woods, to spaces, there starry openwide inWhat Is A Boy? for6.a woman.Packed a suit case to the station sightsterpret for the and many him

is the person to 7. Picked wire out barbed of road. is going who point that greet him.sounds You out H'Ecarry on started. have what you 8. just butterfly eyes the that cat out of water wasto his wondering Took a

emerging in gorgeous splendor from "He is to sit where you are sitting drowning.

to attend and those things think you nest exquisite the chrysallis,the lowly 9. the street. across old Helped man

are so important, are gone. you when careso ouzel hidden shy water theof to a chickens 10. one I took of my all the adopt policies "You may you of overhanging an the cavity infully

sick man. please, will but they carried be how teach a waterfall. behind Yourock

him to distinguish between the exuout depends on him. 11. I picked up some coats and hats

berant love songs of the wild creatures "Even if you make leagues and treatfrom the floor and put them on the and their distress signals. You make ies, he will have to manage them. rack.

of him a protecting partner of all wild "He is going to sit at your desk in 12. Helped give first aid to fainted

life. You unlock the windows of his the Senate and occupy your place on person.

soul, O Scouting, and lend wings to the Supreme Bench. 13. Carried water out of a widow's

his understanding. "He will assume control of your cellar.

cities, states, nation. and true teach sportsmanthe Scout You a pickets loose 14. Fixed on some

to in is going "He move and fishparties, alikeship, while skiing on fence. take neighbor's

prisons, over churches, your schools, trout, ining the archery for an wily street in papers 15. and Gathered universities, corporations. and a at thecontest, Scout on Camp, Boy them. burned is "All your to going be work judged heat, selling while or in swelteringhike

a 16. Picked praised a part broken of and up or condemned by him. street.his papers on a crowded On

the it in garbage reputation put and fortune windshield "Your and your toall excursions such him you teach depend on himself and to do for himare in his hands. can.

self. You bid him walk without blis- "He is the only source of manhood. 17. Drained the water off an old

tering his feet, or if they do blister, "All your work is for him, and the lady's path.

fate is of the nation of and humanity tell for to first them. 18. do to him aid You whatyou a knockcdoui Gave

his in hands. so that his to bed make him boy.show how

it as well be to "So might pay HIM in even sleep comfort canhe warm a 19. fence Propped that was up attention."frost in some with sky and an openunder over. bent

air. to cookthe him show how You

a hike, in or on camp, meala good or Good Turns across20. theHelpedbusyan streets.old blind paper man

for his mother at home; how to make a As reported by individual Scouts in a 2 1. Helped an old lady with some

bow and a quiver of arrows; how to Troop parcels on the street car.

sew on buttons or repair a rent in his THE gauge of a real Scout is the 22. Carried coal up two flights of

clothing; how to track deer to moundaily good turn. stairs for an old lady.

tain meadows, and how and where to so conceal himself that he can watch them. disturbing withoutthem

across to build a bridge You Make Scouting a Gameteach him how himself protect to shelter aa or stream, are several below interesting T ISTED Materials: 2 of inch rope a campbuild to storm;from how Scout that can games be feet very used 50 inches 15—one it long—onepieces out.fire, to put and how effectively as interpatrol contests in long. knife (this Pocket not does

fit clean a of and make him You the as troop used the or foundation for a hunting neckerchiefs 6 knife)—is he for himselfcompanion when a great District or rally Council proSteel Flint Fire Sets. and Making mean—2 jovialalone, a he comrade and when gram. line in the of one Teams end upis the give to others. with him You a district as used the program When 1 hall. the has No. short Each man other toability team play with and events as should used intertroop be an ich length foot of rope. 50 The loser, J4 a a be to modestboys, and good conte'st or demonstration and when is stretched ich length of rope out J4considerate winner. as a used the events Council program tohall the the opposite of end from religion a give the to Scout You interdistrict should basis be an with on the the team. No. ward word At as GO thrills service. religionthe of He the district best in representtroops each

the the opposite of to runs end 1 man oath: scout repeatshe your district their ing in the each events. of

coils hall, into foot the rope 14 50 I will best: honor do "On my my

coils coils, ties the together, using to duty and God my To do my Scout Relay rethe short with rope and square to knotCountry, the obey and Scout Law;

To help other people at all times; nEAM of Eight. Rope Coiling—turns and touches off the next group,

2-3-4-5 men. Those 4 men, To keep myself physically strong, legged race-—whittling—Flint and numbers

mentally awake, and morally straight."Steel. each equipped with neckerchiefs worn

.,.

374 The Improvement Era for April, 1933

with a slide and two of them with one the race. One improperly tied knot 3. Any kind of poles (without

extra neckerchief each carried as dewill disqualify any team. tacks or nails) can be used. Poles arc

sired, line up side by side this way. No. 4. A team can stop and correct or held upright until patient is dragged

2 ManNo. 3 manNo. 4 manNo, 5 tie a rope after start is made, but canover line.

man. Using their neckerchiefs, the right not do this after finish line is crossed. 4. The stretcher must not be made

leg of No. 2 man is tied to the left leg of until the patient has been dragged over

to the left leg of No. 4 man; the right before being used by raising test patient

leg of No. 4 man to the left leg of No. CEVEN Scout team using firearms knee high from the floor. The test 5 man. The legs are tied in each indrag 3 man lift—blanket stretchpatient must be on the stretcher flat stance using one neckerchief at the er—one man lift—4 hand chair carry on his back. ankles and one at the knees, square—horseback carry. 5. The three man lift must be made

tie. tied are to used knots Thus lift as follows: prepare to orders the Position of Team at Start the to opposite end scouts run four is lifted patient only The bylift—lower.

1 object return and a given andaround 5 stretcher the knees then to the can and touch off the next man No. 6. He 2 6 be placed under by No. 2.

runs to the opposite end where he is 3 0—7 6. Running with patients pergiven a piece of wood 2 in. x 2 in. x 0—4 mitted.

in. cuts pieces into he 1 6 2 which with 7. carry not is Chair 1 be must made the patient. No. takes 2 No. knife.his then returns pocket and He arrives. until patient patient the to the opposite using end

flint fire off steel the touches 2 and the fireman's drag. (Neckerchief can

to hall the go middle of makers who if be desired.) removed After they

fires. cither to proceed Skin theand make Snake When arrive 5-6-7 a stretcher blanket make

:gets is a relay the flame complete. The (blanket poles, 2 and pins) no and

first Scouts. finals in See Scoutthe completing of 10 team npEAM it. test 5-6-7 assisted 2 No. (No. by will win. for master Page 327, Handbook to place stretcher 2 patient under when 1. in the coiled rope be must The idea. general is raised he, the floor) from place No. lariat. coils his as ahands cowboy Not 1 in begins teams formawith Race 1 the stretcher three using on the man the the or knee or on around elbow erect head. tion over standing hands and lift. 5 stretcher carry 6 No. the and No.

iloor. 2. the scouts lock word At GO to the opposite end. After arrive they

2. Coils the be must approximately use proceed. hands and They may 3 a No. chair. No. and 4 4 hand make

size, coiled (a poorlysame rope either back. may hand 1 is the stretcher No. on to lowered

disqualify a team.) lie line 3. in Last must down man floor the in a position. supine 5 No.

3. is if the coiled rope the flat floor When before to he touching head or then picks 6 the patient No. up

sufficient to are length ends of two posistarting his to leads back team lift, using the similar one the to man coiloverlap another form and making tion. carry in places the chair and arm him

it total coils a instead of 15 of 14 that 4. wins the heat team In any is 4. 3 then and by No. made No. He

will considered coiled improperly be all fastest time the has and has made carried to the placed opposite and end out. ruledand feet their over and scouts on back style 7, the of horseback back on No. 2- 1 off 4. touches No. No. As man line line of finish unbroken with an takes to place of beginback him who 3-4-5 his coiled the to rope hands he scouts. ning. will roughness undue make Any

inspection. forjudge disqualifies line 5. in the break A disqualification. subject a to team

stick the event whittling 5. the In to a remain unbroken team. Team 1 neckerchief, the 2 No. wear must

into cut be mustprovided two (2) line, judges the until until the over and tie I's to for together used hands No. the ten inches of pieces the middle the team. inspected have firemans'in drag, place the proper and

cut. for the stick being used

is slide. a fastened knot Square with

complete- 6. cut stick be must The tie. 1 is floor lying to on used No. Scaling Wall is particithe ly. If part broken any

start. to is disqualified.pant

is stretcher for 2. the blanket The 8 Scouts. of runs 25 Team npEAM

to be laid out flat on the floor (withfeet and goes over the wall. Time

Centipede Rope Race out folds) until the stretcher is made. is taken when the last man hits the

Single blanket or double, folded single ground on the other side. Ropes andTjIGHT Scout Team.—Teams lined size. staves not allowed. The wall is 9

up in relay formation. Each scout feet 6 inches high and the face is

has 2 pieces of J4 '"< sas/j cord 30 smooth. A 2 X 4 will be fastened on

inches long. At the word go each end The Trees the back of the wall 30 inches from the

rear, ties scout, front a bowline and ankle, each eachknot around and scout By Fredrika Borckard topStart:as a footAll hold.teams on line in formaties the in scouts between rope a end wall. tion about 25 feet from little trees, trees the old and *nHE ankle using each the square around -* Finish: hits floor last scout When end, the Inception and knot, the front end one with toward wall. over all of life between. the span With

the rear. the other and of ends The Aids: ends trend see the can't you Oh

the ropes between tied each scout are little trees like the From babies, of wall, Ropes—staves—graspingetc., not allowed. If used,

together using square knots making a The tender little trees team is disqualified. Top and face

'Centipede. The team then runs around Just basking in the sunshine of wall only part that can be touched.

a given object about 40 feet or more And whispering in the breeze, away and returns. Knots are then inTo the old trees, the great trees

kind. Benevolent and firstspected. Harmonica Band returning team The

trees trees, mystic the brooding with The all finals correct knots the in wins.

rustle in the wind. That

1 less than 4 and not more than "TOT 3 inches Ropes be over not must trees, trees protective shielding The long. A team with longer ropes will That cast their shadows! wide 8 members.

he ruled out. In the fastness of their branches Each band will be required to play

2. 34 i'h sash cord must be used. The Forest Gods abide. "Springtime in the Rockies"and, one

3. All knots will be examined after piece to be selected by the band itself.

The Improvement Era for April, 1933 375

1. Adults over.)years cannot be included. (18 Report of Accomplishments for Jan., 1933 and

deterwill be playing 2. of Order all la 2"3 more CD { conarrangements..a seatingmined by

average a a in c once-a-month or Basis 3. C of judgment: uG..5 2 |itf CD '> /3 1.1 1 1/ ri si having General Spirit: 1M and Tempo Pi si enrollment gram whose 2 1 a "1 STAKES is CO 1 >H m P: Tunefulness and a'oInterpretation.l/—Quality -si

'S g si Wards ndance si "goSoHarmony.

beir 3/3 Carry over: Effect on Audi- 1 13 01 IS

ence. i 6 i ill AT3 m 0 il AVI ll

YM YL YM YL YM YL YM YL Nov. Dec. Jan.

Song Contest Alberta 12 6 6 2 4 1 2 3 4 4 3 2 1 B 6 2 Alpine 3 2 B 1 6 5 6 5 6 4 5 * songs. Both should 3 8 are two 1 1 1 Bannock 9 4 B 3 4pjERE

* ''- 6 4 1 3 2 3 8 8 Bear 8 4 6 Lake Either practiced. and be learned 6 8 7 1 7 7 7 Bear 12 8 6 River 12 8 4 10 2 12

the con- 3 called for in 1 8 2 3 Beaver be 2 6 4 5 bothor may 2 6 3 2 9 10 9 11 Benson 14 8 12 11 the of Registered test. members All * & 1 5 4 4 4 5 Big 4 6 5 5 Horn

* arc scouiters, 6 6 1 5 5 scout and 5 who 2 6 6 5 troop, Blackfoot 14 present sing. BoiseBlaine 107 29 92 41 72 4 41 31 41 10 27 26

10 8 13 13 10 8 Elder 9 8 8 4 Box 13 2 * 5 4 1 5 3 5 9 2 2 5.... 6 2 8 4 4 7 Fighting for Right BurleyCache 8 7 8 8 7 7 8 8 7 7

3 2 3 3 3 Carbon 14 14 2 2 4 2

Tune: "Anchors Aweigh"CassiaCottonwood 105 95 105 95 48 4 22 73 101 1 83 83 38 5* 49 46

Curlew 7 5 5 B 4 1 3 4 4 5 1 1 3 3

Fighting for right, old Scout, DeseretEast Jordan 1211 6 119 6 119 73 6 97 13 47 47 46 9 99 88 5 5 5 6 5 5 6 3 6 7 11 5 8 5 7 Emery sport. life's greatThat's

1...... 8 a 6 7 8 7 8 8 8 8 Ensign 8 """8 front, * the to and upHeads 9 8 8 8 8 2 8 8 11 9 9 8 Franklin 8

14 14 12 11 9 7 1 14 14 14 10 Fremont us. find alwaysYou'll

5 4 1 4 4 3 4 5 7 5 3 4 Garfield 5 8 7 * time. 2Day 9 9 9 9 8 7 Granite 10 10 10 time—night

9 3 13 12 12 13 12 9 13 14 13 Grant Scout, right, old forFighting 7 11 3 9 10 7 9 9 7 14 7 6 11 9 11 15 Hollywood right. for (>Fighting 1. 1 5 7 5 5 9 5 10 7 9 Hyrum

2 1 4 1 2 1 3 2 4 4 4 us, 8 Idaho find matter you whereNo i'i'9 11 8 12 3 9 9 10 6 12 14 14 12 14 7 Idaho Falls honor error, with with Up 2 1 6 5 5Down 4 1 5 5 5 Juab 3 3 3 6 5 6 3 4 3 6 6 7 1 b 6 5 1 5 4 3 4 6 6 6 Kolob * 5 6 4 5 4 6 5 6 6 4 7 6 6 6 Lehi FIGHT! Kanab * 12 6 12 12 2 12 12 7 12 12 Liberty 12

Here's to the Good Old Troop LosLoganAngeles,... 1211 105 129 105 129 48 97 105 109 53 97 98 108 129 127 115

Boys LymanMalad? 3 75 3 75 1 33 3 43 2 33 24 33 2 47 47

Maricopa 10 9 10 9 10 8 8 9 9 6 10 10 10 10 10 10

Tune: "Frat"MillardMinidoka 77 44 62 44 26 1 41 43 61 2 42 41 41 4* 62 26

Moapa 9 7 4 3 2 1 2 2 5 B B Here's to the good old troop. Boys, MorganMontpelier.. 148 9 125 9 125 3 47 7 114 43 57 47 58 48 7

4 1 4 2 3 2 4 5 4 Moroni 4 4 days, to our happy Here's 6 4 6 6 5 7 6 8 3 6 6 8 Mt. 6 7 3 5 Ogden

* Boys, songs. old the good out B 3 4 B 3 4Bring 5 4 5 9 Nebo

* 6 1 3 6 5 2 2 1 6 7 6 6 6 6 4 Nevada lays. old the good out Sing 3 4 3 1 4 4 3 1 4 7 4 North Davis

* scouters old the to 3 good 6 4 5Here's 5 5 5 6 6 4 3 Sanpete.... 6 6 North 6

* 2 3 2 4 3 4 - Sevier 4 4 4 2 North al ways, kind and Patient * 8 11 North 14 10 6 3 6 14 9 6 8 8 14 4 Weber 7 Boys, troop. * old the to goodHere's 12 10 12 12 12 12 2 Ogden 12 12 8 6 "6 "5 * "10 "10 7 6 8 9 7 3 11 3 2 Oneida 7 7 days. the to happy Here's * 3 6 3 1 6 4 1 Oquirrh 6 5 6 4 5 5 6

* 9 7 6 4 4 1 7 7 6 6 2 7 7 Palmyra 7 7 registered of the members 1. All

6 S 3 3 5 5 3 6 6 3 3 Panguitch 3 4 6 4 at scouters, present scoutstroop, and 3 5 3 4 11 7 5 8 Parowan 7 8 i* 105 8 3 1 8 8 8 10 11 2 participate. a Pioneer 9 10 9 10 (Notthe Circus must

selected group from a troop.) PocatelloPortneuf 108 94 5 94 5 42 3 94 24 81 84 83 72 4 94 49

2. The leader must be a registered RigbyRaft River 135 45 34 25 34 14 13 22 41 1 14 41 13 23 24 24

Scout or Scouter. Roosevelt 9 5 5 1 2 1 2 2 2 5 3

3. No musical accompaniment, exSanSalt FranciscoLake.... 1310 '"'5 '""9.... 139.... 67 "1 108 41 123 124 124 9 138 107

,-.... 1 i 2 2 2 1 2 2 2 2 San Juan 3 pipe. pitchcept

.... 2 2 3 2 2 2 2 3 3 3 Luis San

* at 3 6 6 3 3 of the districts 7 position 4. 8 8 Sevier 7 The

* fi fi 1 6 5 '?, 4 5 9 5 6 2 4 Shelley the order will determinethe gymnasium,51 1 1 4 5 4 2 7 fi 5 2 Sharon

will sing. they 6 4 4 5 5 6 4 8 12 5 8in which Snowflake 3* 4 4 5 2 8 6 5 6 4 4 Davis South. Basis of judgment: 5 3 5 2 4 4 4 4 6 7 7 5 South Sanpete 7* 7 7 2 4 4 B 5 5 2 8 5 8 8 7 8 Sevier.... South Spirit: 33/ Tempo and Gen- * 9 3 11 8 7 8 7 7 11 11 Star Valley

5 3 5 4 1 5 8 6 6 8 St. 4 10 George Interpretation.eral

1 1 1 1 1 * 2 4 2 3 5 2 St. 5 3 4 Johns

* 5 11 11 10 11 7 11 16 9 St. 11 QialityTunefulness and Joseph 333/3

Harmony. SummitTaylor 146 66 56 25 25 3 42 24 24 * 45 23

333/3 Carry Over: Effect on auTetonTimpanogos 76 25 5 25 5 22 5 5 5 1 13 13 2 25 22

1 1 1 1 i 4 4 2 4 4 4 2dience and Enunciation (words). Tintie

B 5 6 7 7 6 9 4 7 "3 9 7 7 Tooele 11 1 1 1 2 3 2 6. songs Twin Falls. 4 sung. to be Both Troops

7 7 1 2* 36 43 3 3 6 i 7 9 6 7 6 7 3 Uintah twice. sing each through songmay

376 The Improvement Era for April, 1933

Report of Accomplishments for Jan., 1933

13 all 3 iaCO com-! cB con-.a bo average more P

discussions date Kewanee: i i 1 in

or once-a-month bo <5 t: C.r-l m

fl) having having to Steel Firebox Kewanee enrollment whose for /32 a program STAKES is en so* Boilers class

activities ato.S their

Wards Wards Wards So to departments their are for Universally attendance Adopted 1

pjeited ducted special "L. all Other and S. Chapels D. and No. No, No. of

|2;h 11 Representative Buildings I YM YL YM YL YM YL YM YL Nov. Dec* Jan.

Utah 9 8 9 8 9 5 7 1 6 8 7 9 9 7 8 Wasatch 9 8 9 8 3 8 6 1 7 6 6 7 2 8 8.... 7 4 Wayne 4 3 2 4 3 4 4 -4 Weljer 9 ""s 5 I 6 * 8 7

8 Jordan West 7 5 7 5 6 3 6 4 6 4 4 4 "3 2 ""3 4.... 2 "1 3 4 3 s 1 4 HAWLEYRICHARDSON- Woodruff 10 Yellowstone 7 8 7 7 2 4 3 6 2 4 3 6 4 8 7

6 Zion 5 8 Park 6 1 6 3 6 5 5 5 4 5 5 4 CO. WILLIAMS "27 Calif. Mission 43 23 21 31 17 28 17 23 7 26 24 26 24 27 28

3 States... 3 14 1 3 3 1 Western 1 1 3 1 1 3 3 3 District Representatives "3 States.. 6 12 6 5 1 4 6 Northern 6 6 4 5 5 4 6

3 204 Dooly Bldg. CanadianNorthwesternMission.... 169 "9 58 ""i 56 48 47 7 "3 61 16 51 16 49 93

Salt Lake City TexasHawaiianMissionMis 255 2 25 2 "22 2 "24 1 "is 16 20 is "u 152 122

Stakes.

BE INDEPENDENT San Diego Chapter; Troop 9

of boys troop 9 of '"PHE the local Boy Vocation No Other So Profitable! I TAYLOR AND Scouts of the America conducted ENROLL NOW

For a Complete Course at the conjoint meeting February 5, 1933. COMPANY Everything from leading the congreQuish School of Beauty Otiiture gation in prayer and song to preaching

The Best in the West 162 So. Main St. the sermon was directed by the Scouts.

Robert Senior HolHday, Patrol 304-9 Ezra ITiompson delivered the the using sermon LAKE SALT CITY, UTAH scripture text: B!dg. Are Manufacturers of Leader,following for (Matt.

Information For Further thee "Lord, 25:3741) when saw we School Rings, Pins and Call Catalog and

thirsty hungered, an thee or and fed oi 7560 Wasatch Fill in This Athletic Awards and gave thee drink. When saw we

Coupon thee a stranger and took thee in, or thee, clothed and saw Or when f Room 206 Boyd Park Bldg. naked

.sick anr) or in nrison ramp nnrn WP thee

was. ji.jC? thee. And the king shall answer and

Su>r,(\,v.ri(.t.(.rti'.U'--vri'say unto them, Verily I say unto you

Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have it unto done me."TWO QUARTERS BEFORE SEPTEMBER boy, Every upon being introduced

to the congregation arose and talked on one of the twelve Scout laws.

If are or a teacher high you exSadlier, The scribe, Edward school school in graduate a plained the significance of the Scout early, is closing which yon can enroll for the Spring and oath and sign.

Summer quarters at BrigThe bugler, Lee Mendenhall, demham Young University and onstrated the various calls. Paul Johnget twothirds of a year of son was chorister. Prayers were ofwork before next September. fered by Ross Tenney and Keith Pace.

WHY NOT DO IT! bairn,The spokeScoutmaster,on the Mr.SpiritMelvinof ScoutFreeThe Spring Quarter offers work. Pointing out the fact that anyrich curriculum the usual to does turn of one someone a good who

courses, the while Summer at enjoys heart every is a Scout and day to Quarter be betpromises ter than ever. the great enrichment of life through

personal service to fellowman.

Marie Kemp and Leila Wright sang a Stain."Flag Without "A spring QUARTER: MARCH 20 TO JUNE 7 a duet The Dates:

in the is progressing Scout work QUARTER: SUMMER

FIRST TERM, JUNE 24 TERM, ALPINE JULY 12 TOTO AUGUSTJULY 21 25 slogan:San Diego"WeChapterstand byfor theenrichmentuse of theof

life, through constructive use of leisBRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY ure and personal service to fellowPROVO, UTAH man."L The Improvement Era for April 1933 377

Let's Plant a Flower GardenContinuedpage from33 7 into prime condition, before they Make a hobby of irises or climbfrom your shoulders. Before long

sow seeds, cultivate the plants, and ing roses or delphiniums. Every you'll be younger than you were

so lose their superfluous averdupois day spent in your garden, with at oneand-twenty! You will rein adverse ratio to the growth of trowel in the sweet brown earth gard the heavenly blue spires of

their marigolds. and with hands training the roses, the delphiniums with such eyes of

For women, gardening is an will cause two days of age to drop love that your face will be preideal occupation. They will soon

omit the use of rouge and lip stick, when the dew kisses their faces as they bend over the roses, and the INDEX TO ADVERTISERS sun paints them with living pink Advertisers in The Improvement Era may be depended upon.

as they tie the dahlias to stakes. Patronize them

Company Page American Smelting i Refining Co. 383

TF you are beginning seriously to Beneficial Life Insurance Co. Back Cover

dislike your husband because he BrighamBennett GlassYoung PaintUniversityCo. 380376

cannot provide you with modernDeseret News Press - 3 82 istic furniture and clothof-gold Grant, Heber J. SJ Co. 381

381gowns and diamond necklaces, go Hotel Temple Square in for gardening. Learn about KewaneeL. D. S. BoilerBusinessCo.College 377376

annuals and perennials and vines MacMillan Co. - 3 8

and shrubs and trees and lily pools. Mitchell Beauty Shoppe 382

Quish School of Beauty Culture 3 76

Plant some seeds right now, in Ramshaw Hatcheries a box, and watch for the miracle of Salt Lake Knitting Works 383

Inc. 379 Brands, Standard Aprilgermination. Then, when

376 Co. the earthsuns have warmed—., Inside Front Cover College Agricultural and TaylorUtah

May is here, transplant the green Utah Beet Sugar Co. 383

infants to their places outside. Utah Gas Coke Co. 378

. Inside Back Cover Refining Co. Oil Utah stirred earth the keep them,Water 379 Co.. Utah Power Light the for wait them,: around andup. I. 380 Z. C. M.

first buds to burst into glory of perfect bloom.

Before you know it,'you will have forgotten all about fine clothes, and you will yearn only for some stout gardening gloves and a pair of high laced boots,which you can wear in the garden How young people can to prevent pebbles from worming toes.their under your way

as suchlike for and diamonds And create their own jobs infoolishness, will revel you are positions While recently Business. said, in educator A prominent sparkmyriads diamonds of dew to tare available go scarce, those that or young woman young man "No

ling on the hollyhocks and daisies, need be idle today. If they will the applicants who are best trained.

nor will you crave any other. enroll in a good business school, they As business continues to improve,

When you have finally reached jobwill ofimmediitelylearning bebusinessfaced withmethods.the thosetimes willwho gethavethe preparedgood positions.for better

the stage stuCollege, where you Business S. will graduated, they D. are At L. they can answer When

in! business for trained are dents ability specialized knowland have husband's magnanimousyour

cost. at Our time low will sell; and have they then minimum to and edgeoffer of:

in keeps Department to their ability Employment of "selling"the job "Here, my dear, take this dollar some business man who needs it. constant touch with business firms.

I have no use for, and go buy Certainly there is no reason to be out Check in the space below the type interests and you which are of these opportunities work of a job whenyourself a swell new dress"with details. complete this ad for return open."phrase:answering taking place are constantly No obligation. Changes

I don't need indeed, "No, BOOKKEEPING a.STENOGRAPHIC ofdress, a package but I'll buy.SECRETARIAL....ACCOUNTING

meconopsis Baileyi seeds with it,"CIVIL SERVICE....BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION

then you are a real, honestto-.OFFICE MACHINE

goodness, dyed in the wool gardener! College S* Business L. D. full of fear, If you are a woman

of the L. D. S. College) Department (A that the knowledge withtrembling

youth has passed you by and that Your Name age, with greying hair and faded eyes, is pursuing you, start a flower Address garden. 378 The Improvement Era for April, 1933

sented to the world shining with There is no happier place on a new beauty. earth than a garden, one you have

made yourself with the help of

V'ES, gardening is a wonderful God, and no better place in which thing. The simplest food is to grow old. A white paintedFREE ambrosia and pure water is nectar bench beneath the apple tree is

when you come indoors from the finer than all the modernistic furnperennial borders, with a raveniture in the world, and the dressesTRIAL ous appetite. Your first thought worn by the larkspurs and cornbe, will of the flowers not put our worldly fripperies

the to shame. of in your own home! onworriesawakeningand trials day ahead,

but of the sweet breath of the lilac Gardeners never dread the beneath your window. Your first thought of death, for they dream

act will be, not to attack the of what the gardens must be like kitchen stove with the frying pan, in heaven, where the weeds will all but to run out to the Shirley popbe glorified; or where, no doubt,

pies that you may see what new we shall see through different eyes gowns they have donned since and so observe loveliness in the yesterday. dandelion, and learn lessons from

And before you climb into bed, the wild morning glory.

deliciously tired from the most delightful labor in the world, you "The kiss of the sun for pardon.

will slip out to say goodnight to The song of the birds for the garden, and you will find the mirth;

moonlight making radiant the We are nearer God's heart in a webs of the spiders, who are busily garden engaged in devouring the aphids Than anywhere else on earth."

which are the flowers'enemies.—Garnet/. An Aiitomafiei

Knows All Sees All and Tells All

Continued from page 341%atum( "Oh, oh Larry! Oh, isn't it and don't make me drag it out

wonderful? You're an author. of you syllable by syllable."

Mme. Yerzini knows everything. "Well,"said Larry slowly, "I

Didn't I tell you she was a \vonwas sort of surprised to hear that der?"my wife was going to be a bru-

"Yeah you told me,"replied nette."He glanced slyly at the

Larry, thinking of the long hours fair halo of curls framing Iris'face spent with the portable and the and continued, "Then I was told service rendered him by the brother she would be taller than the Wafer Healer chapters of Iota Beta Chi. average girl and have blue eyes."

listen you'll maybe to me "Now will install a modern We

I talk about Hamilton when automatic Natural waterMr. Gas iNOW prominent

heater in your home for a 30 fortune tellers. I should think among the charms of Miss David

trial, obligaday with free no convince they you that this would diminutiveness dainty were her and tion part. This on your they're talking about,"what offer know eyes deep fringed with brown April only. during is good

she exclaimed triumphantly. lashes. golden "Oh!"A hurt

It will give you an opportunfelt his cue Larry lips to escape her but from ity to actually the experience it quickly. grasped "Oh inexorably. at Fmhandaboutand Larry'sseemed voice continued unequalled of convenience

hot water, instantly available convinced all right. I had an m- "And do you know what struck

at the turn of the tap, at any terview with Mme Yerzini tome so funny is that Mme. Yerzini

hour of the day or night. day,"he informed Iris nonchalcould go into such detail. She said

No home can be called really antly. this girl would be,an artist whomodern without automatic "You did? Why Larry, you designed and made all her own

service. hot It water will surtell didn't the phone. over me that she clothes could cook and also prise to find just you out how excited."she so say. did I'm What marvelously."economical Natural hot Gas lot; a a lot she told me "Oh the Iris could play piano. is. service water

I future never could about have my a "That's combination funny in or Come phone us for I if about, I had, dreamed and it? I isn't never have would further particulars.

called it a have dream bad would girl like picked that for out a me,

UTAH GAS & COKE CO. and hoped it wouldn't ever come but I guess these soothsayers know

OGDEN GAS CO. true,"he informed dolefully. what they're talking about.

"What do you mean Larry? "Yes, I guess so,"Iris replied in

WASATCH GAS CO. Good heavens, I never saw you so a quiet voice, so quiet as to be alprovoking. Tell me all about it most inaudible. "And I guess they

The Improvement Era for April 1933 379

don't ever make mistakes do they?"0HUCfrO-SIOMfrlH

she questioned with vague pleading in her voice.

"No, I suppose not. At leastnot fortune tellers like Mme. YerYou Can Easily

zini. She's regular,"Larry spoke

with a warmth of feeling towardthe Madame which he most cerAfford Electric tainly had not felt before tonight.

"Oh, do you think so?"

"Why sure. Don't you?"Larry Refrigeration

queried incredulously.

"Well you know everyone must Have in your home the finest Genmake mistakes sometimes and I eral Electric Refrigerator money was thinking maybe she was can buy. It will save time in mar*wrong about-—-about—keting, and costly foods you now

"About what?"Larry was perthrow away, and make many delisistent. ciousyour dessertsfamily andwhichyourwill friends.delight

"About the girl you are going Phone us.

to marry,"Iris blurted out almost tearfully. UTAH POWER &

CO. LIGHT—you"You mean you don't trust her

Efficient Service Public—whatdon'tshe toldbelieveme withwhat hershe verysaid

own lips?"Larry's tone was hor- B-O-WHKIUOOrified at such sacrilege but his grin

hidden by the darkness was broad illlIllllinilililllllllE]llllllllllll[]IIIIIIMIIIIC3lliillilllllC]|||||||lilllE3llillllli!linilllllllllll[3limillllll

and gleeful.

"Well do you?"Iris parried.

"Why yes. How could I help

it? She seemed so uncanny in (hicksknowing my genius for writing. Baby

It been never might have brought e for Delivery Immediate Ready Now light her tellingto for you."but I=

sttrain quality highgrade, bred and = The finest Iris of bredto-iay Leghorns—mountain sensed sarcasm could but not h

pricess in right acclimated. furnish at can that ordinary any quantity them now We S S it. her fingerput on

cost delivery you. Live chicks guaranteed anywhere. would S

it doesn't "Well come natural Electric, distributors are also Oil for or Coal SolHot Lincoln Brooders, and Chick We J3—n I'll bet write couldn'tto you. you Fire Feeders. Prize our Protection us about Contest Guarantee the Write and on—another story if you had to—much SolHot Brooder Line.

less sell it."She had risen to her

feet half sobbing. and was "Mme. I I RAMSHAW3687 SOUTH STATE ST.,HATCHERIESSALT LAKE CITY, UTAH =Yerzini's a great fat old fraud and

I don't believe a word she says. fi[||||lllilll[3lllllllliillC3lilllllillllC3llllllllllliC3llllllllilli[3llllllllllllC3llllllllllll[3limMIIIIIC3lllll]lill

Fortune tellers are all frauds. They

only say what happens to come into their minds. She just alternates with tall dark girls with blue

eyes and small light browneyed ones. You heard the wrong one

was all."ijow to capture

"Do you mean that Iris. Do

you mean they're all fakes and you believedon't them?"-- when we're apt to "Yes, every word of it. I hate "SPRING PEP"!

them and I'll never go near one feel fagged out. Our systems are sluggish and need

again!"pepping up. For this common ailment, Fleisch-

I "Is that a promise? Can demann's Yeast is ideal—correcting constipation and it Iris?"pend Larry's tone on was

so eager, so happy and triumphant toning up the system in general.

that Iris, trying to dry her tears with a small square of lace, looked Start today eating two cakes of Fleischmann's Yeast up out of one brown eye at him. everj'day. You'll soon feel "full of pep."

He was standing close to her now. She felt his arms around

her. "Larry, why did you ask me if it was a promise?"FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST

Larry; S head bent down, At Grocers, Delicatessens and Soda Fountains

and he was whispering in her ear:

380 The Improvement Era for April, 1933

"I just wanted to hear you say They were sitting in the porch you wouldn't ever trust your swing lagain, his arms still about future again to a stranger. I think her. She was leaning back on his

it's much nicer to have someone shoulder contentedly and the swing Mountaineer you know handle things like that. moved back and forth slowly.

Now for instance I'd advise you to Suddenly Larry spoke.

keep close to a tall dark young "Iris when you told me that day OVERALLS man,"he said, tightening his arms you'd seen Mme. Yerzini the secabout her, "because he isn't enond time, did she really pull the

tirely responsible for himself when same line about you marrying an Give Longer Wear he's near an adorable little girl author?"

and with blond curls and brown eyes, Iris giggled delightfully and and he might need first aid. snuggled closer.

More Satisfaction There was silence on the porch "No she didn't. The second

while the small blond girl rendered time she said I was going to marry

Due to large scale production first aid with her eyes closed. a young man who was greatly inand unusual buying power, "Oh,"she said finally, taking a terested in animals—dogs particMountaineer Overalls with deep breath, "I'm so happy."ularly, but you'd worked so hard

the Stop -Loss Pockets cost "Are you,"said Larry huskily, on that story I didn't dare tell you no more than ordinary so m 1. you."

overalls.

Ask Your Dealer For Mountaineer Overalls Protecting the American Job

With Continuedpage from345 chine to lighten the work on the the purchasing power of the napeople, but they should also be tion. Men must be employed at a

required to employ at least 90 per reasonable wage or men will not cent of the job workers on the have a reasonable purchasing ManufacturedJffoPtin Salt Lake City into the an power. or pay with machine

by Z. C. M. I. Clothing Factory employment protective fund an The tax money, collected from

amount equal to 90 per cent of the the protection of American jobs, wages saved by the displacement should not go into the general tax of the workers laid ofi. fund, but a new tax system should

TIME FOR SPRING ployeesThe firmon thecould4 hourworka theirday, emthe besomecreatedsuch withnameit,asto thebe knownProtectiveby

HOUSE CLEANING! they3 daywisheda week,to orworkany out,combinationbut they beEmploymentused only asFund,a meansthisofmoneycreatingto

would have to pay a minimum jobs for men whom industry could

the one hour a workers Bnnir wageemployedof $25 per week whether they not use. should not ingovernment Our a week. hours week or 48 of industrial in dulge any kind

WENTYFIVE dollars per pursuit or business other than week minimum wage, may governmental business, but should seem a little high, but if we build devotei the Employment Fund to the nation's business on a $25 a road building, park building and week standard, the nation's busiother work necessary to the safety, ness will rise to the $25 per week comfort, and education of the peostandard as easily as it will to a ple, and should leave industry to $ 1 per week standard. The only the public, in order to give the

difference is, that the larger the people an incentive to work to.

CLeflriseRs volumehigher theof moneystandardin ofcirculationliving. the railroadThere crossingsare enoughand baddangerouscurves

If we are to use the machine as on our pub Tic roads to employ—Save Time, Work and ahavestandarda minimumof labor,wagethen westandardmust thefor amajorityyear or two,of ourand unemployedother work

Worry! for labor. could easily be developed from

PASTE, CLEANER and CRYSTAL If the American job is protected time to time. All that is needed is

for woodwork, CLEANSER linoleum, in this way, it will soon create a the necessary capital, and labor tile g-lass and "KLENZENE"for Wallpaper purchasing power for the nation, saving machinery can furnish that

All Types of Waxes for Floors and and business will soon function capital if it is governed correctly. Furniture

At your dealer's, or again properly. If we continually With a labor protective tax on

BENNETT GLASS & PAINT meansallow ofmachinerydisplacingtomen,be usedas a profitas a manylabor peoplesaving wouldm'achinery,be puta greatback COMPANY 6165 West First South saving scheme, without any restricto work in the many industries and tion, then we are failing to protect businesses that are now using all

The Improvement Era for April, 1933 381

labor saving devices. More jobs

would also give us back that buyall pit, in the lowest with sunk "// / were the Rocky so miss thating power we now..."still strive. piled Mountains me, and would I hope upon have we'if we must and thatmuch,

are to remain a progressive commerical nation.

TXfE have already modernized JOSEPH SMITH nation's our business, now the An American Prophet tolet us go work modernizing nation's tax system. Our present By JOHN HENRY EVANS

tax system is as ancient as the For a hundred years, worldwide controversy has raged over history of the world. Let us tax everything Mormon. Here is an impartial analysis and appreciation

justly the machine that makes the of the strange, spectacular, fascinating personality which embodies profits, that creates great wealth. the genesis of Mormonism.

If we bring our taxing system up The book is divided into three parts: the prophet's career, his

to date, we will not have to worry religious philosophy, and his account of his own life and his works.

about taxing million dollar a year Stranger than fiction, more exciting than a popular mystery...

incomes. because it is based on demonstrable FACTS!

We must not go to work with the thought in our minds of deAT ALL BOOKSTORES $4.00

stroying machinery, but only with the thought of distributing the THE MACMILLAN COMPANYwealth that large labor saving Avenue 60 Fifth New Yorkmachines create. We must make

the machine age support all the people, instead of trying to make a few of the people support the machine age. A man should be

allowed a fair profit on his investment, but he should not be al- A LITTLE LIGHT lowed all the profit at the expense A little light on your insurance will undoubtother are peopleof who forced edly reveal the fact that you are greatly underinto profits. starvation the large by

If we do this, the dark shadow insured. Think what it would mean if fire

of depression will gradually lift destroyed your property.

from the nation. If we fail then

to travelwe are doomed on in the ruts of depression. deUTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. Business

pends on buying power, and buying power depends on the number See our agent in your town.

of people the plus employed, wages HEBER J. GRANT CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City all thosepaid people, the and

tongue wagging and money juggling in the world cannot change that fact.

Let us "Protect the American Salt Lake Gity*s Newest Popular Hotel

Job."For in that way, and that

way only, can we protect the purchasing power of our nation, andprosperity can never return until HOTEL we have a purchasing power.

TEMPLE TreesChristmas Doors SQUARE Alive at Our

Continued from 200 Rooms each with page 350 Tile Bath with special care in choice situaRate tions, it should live and thrive. If

so, we have at hand the means of $1.50 to $4.00

making beautiful our parks and Radio Connections for gardens providing of in open and Every Room live treescity spaces prethat will vent and make unnecessary the Opposite Great Mormon Temple destruction of the vast numbers of ERNEST C ROSSITER, Manageryoung evergreens now carelessly wasted for the Christmas market. p ni l

382 The Improvement Era for April, 1933

TO THE READERS OF THE ERA I Why the Rocky Mountain Faculty

MITCHELL'S Athletic Conference Continuedpage from347

BEAUTY SHOPPES length of playing season, beginning internal affairs the conference has

Will Give the Following Prices of football practise, and length of had an active interest in national

it first periods, nature of awards, activities. the very From Permanent Waves, Reg. $5.50—$3.00; Reg. practise $4.50—$2.50 representative conference the rules for championships, on has had a

Manicure, Finger and Shampoo, Wave or records and rules under which executive committee of the National all for $1.00 Color Rinse Trim, and Neck

Call Was. 10316 for Appointment various sports are conducted. Collegiate Athletic Association.

Medical Arts Bldg Salt Lake City, Utah At the beginning of each season Dr. H. L. Marshall, representative

Eccles Bldg. Ogden, Utah Phone 760 in any sport a complete list of of the University of Utah since

Sugar House Beauty Salon served has 1916, committee on this is sent to players all mem21st So. Hyland 8553 eligible 1053 E past the four years. of the One list for bers t)f the conference. This

to Salt come When you Lake, plan to make contains data concerning the acmost important functions of the place headquarters. our your

ademic status of each player, his national body is the formulation athletic participation, his means of of the rules which govern conduct support, and sources of income. of intercollegiate sports. The

Any questions arising with regard Rocky Mountain region has been to a player are referred directly to represented on all of the important his faculty representative. If the committees for a number of years.

question is not satisfactorily an- H. W. Hughes, athletic director of

swered a protest may be entered. Colorado Agricultural College, and

A third representative is then called C. Henry Smith, faculty athleticNOV7 in to review the evidence. His derepresentative, University of Colocision is binding. rado, have served on the football

During the playing season the rules committee. E. L. Roberts,

formerly of Brigham UniYoung players is checked of academic work for can do what we versity, has been an important I T'S before If not each game. doing

really counts that you rules the Basketball of NOW member full twothirds of passing in work you. with faculty B. committee. Swingle, D.

is declared player tempowork, a rarily ineligible. He may restore representative of Montana State

since College is a rftember of 1917, eligibility his bringing his work by tomorrow, or next week, Not the wrestling committee. Others,

level. passing up to picks business up, nor when track, in prominent and swimming

but NOW. minor sports, have served from

pRESHMEN are not allowed to time to time.

play intercollegiate football.

for immediate NOW stands participate they However, may in TN March, 1928, the North Cenaction and that's just what sports. spring Junior winter and

we can give you. college transfers are not eligible to tral Association of Colleges and

set of a schools adopted secondary football. Otherwise, play freshman

athletic control standards of which are treated freshas entering they athletic of policy guide the should action, the along with And all that except competition men, to bring order In its members. printing give you we first football year and other counts than

its clearly before these standards (of highest the bookbinding participation. against their total

standard of quality, at low members the association was exsportsmanship demands Good that orwell desirous tremely some of quality cost. Prices and

that well conducted shall be games conference adopt should ganized line with in are workmanship officials..competent and by To 7, a meet1930, them. March is On demanded what NOW. this in the conference meet demand of all conference ing with members

1921 created the o&ce of Adjuster. presidents of conference institutions

office held been has C. This by in Denver. standwas called The to serve organized are We Librarian, Smith, UniverHenry are ards adopted and were now to are you, equipped and all meet sity of present Colorado. At

YOUR printing and binding football officials are required to take needs. Let us serve you a written examination on the rules

NOW. of the game. The rating given

Call Was. 550 them by this test and the record of

their ability to apply their knowlor write edge in the handling of games deTHE termines appointments for games.

This system has been remarkably successful in maintaining a high eseret News offiefficiency standard of among cials. It has gone far towardT> elimination of suspicion of favor29 Richards Street itism toward one team or another. Administration Buildings

Salt Lake City, Utah. While taking care of its own University of Denver

The Improvement Era for April, 1933 383

being enforced in the several institutions.

The standards follow: TEMPLE BRAND

(1) Final decision in all matters of athletic policy shall rest with the faculty or with administrative officers representing the faculty. (2) Academic requirements and assignGARMENTSmanufactured for the

ments of scholarships, student aid SALT LAKE KNITTING STORE funds, and remunerative employment Of superior quality and workmanship for students, shall be immediately And sold at prices defying: competition. When ordering from us

and finally controlled by the faculty, remember We Pay Postage acting directly or through its reguFOR LADIES FOR MEN athletics. favor of or against 792 Quality Fine Quality 1.00 1.00 Cotton 602 Extra Fine

736 Light 1.00 Quality 59 614 Weight Med. Ex. Wt. for to students of Payments money (3)

711 Silk Stripe 59 646 Med. Cotton Light Weight CottonWt 1.00 athletes athletes, as or services hiring 749 Quality 1.50 Fine Cotton.. Cotton 663 Unbleached 85 Heavy Med.

procedure the equivalent of such and 762 1.25 664 1.00 Cotton Wt. Rayon NonRun Heavy Med.

maintenance of free training tables 715 Fine Quality Rayon 89 635 Light Weight Ribbed Cotton 85 735 Style Light 601 Cotton Ribbed Only 1.00 Weight 85 Weight Med. New are not permissible. 720 629 Fine Quality 1.50 Quality 1.49 Proof Super Rayon NonRun Run

solicitation of prospective Personal (4) Silk, 15c Cotton; for lOe Request, Garments Marked Upon athletic coaches students through by 46 Sizes over for Extra Charge 20%

the offering of any such special inDo not fail to specify New or Old Style and if for Man or Woman, also state if long ducements, as 'are indicated in Sec. or short sleeve, short or long legs are wanted. Give accurate Bust Measurement,

3 above, is not permissible. Height and Weight. Samples Sent Upon Request.

constiregularly Coaches should be (5) SALT faculty, the tuted of members fully 70 So. Main St., SaltLAKELake City, Utah—OLDESTKNITTINGKNITTINGSTORESTORE IN UTAH administration. to the responsible

(6) Faculties should control and keep within reasonable limits the amount of time devoted to athletics. This

refers to hours of daily practice as well as to the number of contests other and length of trips, or any I American Smelting & Refining Company detracts athletic requirement which from academic efficiency. j SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Athletic conditions should be normal (7) PURCHASERS OF office stabilized of on I and and tenure approximately the same basis as in I Gold, Silver, Lead and Copper Ore and Smelter Products other departments, and where this I Ore Purchasing Department, Seventh Floor McComick Building is the case, salaries of coaches should be commensurate with salaries paid j Consign all ore shipments to:

to men of equal rank in other depart- I American Smelting and Refining Company directly ments, be should paid and Ores to Ship Lead Murray Plant, Murray, Utah i services the institution renfor by iPlant, Garfield, to Garfield and Siliceous I Ship Copper Ores Utah the institution to dered not and must be supplemented from any other I Address correspondence as follows:

fund.

All athletic funds shall be either 1 Regarding Shipments and Hand Samples to 700 McCornick Building (8) regularly audited or by directly 1'itfcj|—-in—II iiii'M I iH—II IllIll I It—Hi II—I 11 11—hi ii n—II iii|.iMHi it n h—i—ii n—ii n n itnm iw ii n iiw ii It disbursed the instituhandled and by

office. athletic tion's business All

expenditures in jT % - -*- rf- -Mm be should included the institution's budget.

pURSUANT to acceptance of the standards and unanimouspledge to endeavor to enforce them UTAH the Rocky Mountain Faculty Athletic Conference was the first to be listed as an approved conference by BEET SUGARthe North Central Association.Since that time ten conferences have UTAH'S FOREMOST AGRICULTURAL

been approved. North Central ASSET

territory includes twenty states from Ohio to Colorado, south to

New Mexico, Arizona, Oklahoma Deserves the Support of Every Loyal Vtahn and Arkansas with only West Virginia south of the Ohio river, is none north Insist on it from your grocer—Thereto the border of Canada. Within

this territory thirtysix athletic better conferences operate. R. J. Gilmore,

secretary of the conference and since 'Tlavor with sugar and you flavor with1920 faculty representative of

Colorado College, has served as a health"member of the North Central Association committee on athletics.

xay\fC\ -onnACKxjvA.

WHERE TO ADDRESS YOUR MANUSCRIPTS feelings of the heart especially around Valentine Day. Our

that all manuscripts should remember for The then Zion.is always an eye full. AUTHORS cover last month will not receive the same criticism, we feel at certain—but addressed to the magazine are to be Era Improvement

47 East South Temple St., Salt Lake City, Utah. Some

people make the mistake of sending them to Provo. EXCHANGES ARE NOT ALWAYS APPRECIATED

HAVE been going to write you for a long time, expressing

THE OTHER NUMBERS VELVET I my appreciation of the Improvement Era, which comes the a of exchange. not an Although on to me member the congratulate to the January number of you upon 1WISH

every issue the wife church, each of Era, I enjoy and and my it price the subscription In worth was Era. my opinion

is It into cover. cover read children each and from number alone."

articles magazine, with a splendid deed wholesome brimming truly, Yours fiction. clean and P. Susie Smith,

President Y. L. M. I. A., Alberta Stake. "The February number has just come, and I anticipate an

evening of pleasant entertainment in going through it."

FAINT PRAISE, BUT—WE LIKED IT

CALIFORNIAN A SPEAKS issue the of praise for the February of a few words JUST

I the quite best reading that the magazine was thought Era. FIND the Era comes into my home, Improvement

good throughout. I and the covers are excellent, too."

"Let's have more of Fava K. Parker's poems, as I thought C. Mace Dewsnup.

"Amethyst"in the February issue was excellent."

yours, Very truly Richard M. Gerber. SHE SUBSCRIBED WILLINGLY ENOUGH

"New York City.

A "HAILSTORM"FROM CALIFORNIA TN renewing our subscription, I cannot refrain from telling

A is the truly a splendid magazine. we enjoy you how Era—it Angeles, sends of Los RS. CANNON, VINNA HALE

I in the a child lived state the part of southern "As (6 the this Southwest. metropolis of the bit up from miles pottery while hunting Mexico) and have from dug New M

BE AN AM Indians.segos and Theso haveNavajosbeen wereso interestedtruly a inregaltherace.aj'ticlesButaboutit is theall-

a was? fine—-every bit of the magazine."

Sincerely, XTTHY'''Fer stewpat sakebecausebe anyou'ream. not

You may never be a will be. Charlotte J. Taylor."

So dig, you poor old clam.

Just buckle in an'be an is; A BOUQUET FOR HARRIS WEBERG—ONE OF OUR

Don't be a guy that's not. ARTISTS

The one that has most always efs;

So try to be a got. WAS well pleased with the layout for my article, "Great

Don't blow about the use to do; I American Women,"in the Efa. I was rather proud to

The good world needs a does; have the article in this particular issue. There was a happy

Fer better be an is, my friend. surprise to me when I found the portrait of Donna Marina

Than ever be a was. corresponded so closely to my mental picture of her.

A will be may become an is; Yours very truly,

I will been, vow. a has But

a just likely was; George Gardner."remain Will

So be an AM right now.

FERN ROSE McBRIDE, BURLEY, IDAHO, WRITES

EXCERPT FROM A LETTER TO SUPERINTENDENT "Era"Minded GEORGE ALBERT SMITH fires the brightly,"burning TT'EEP home ever. better has gets January than number Era The -**- said, left as tonight, he He THE

fine a cover, picture to the just hand, on what come "I'll early, be meeting from home is just therein contained the Indians, matter those of and Red fire the bright. Leave burning

it is I as to wife, as eager read great. am, dear Maggie, my dear. needn't for wait me, up "You my a its for eagerly, so such thanks for coming looks and many in sadly you're sleep."need For of

it is gift, a magazine. wonderful kissed hastened goodnight and He me

clever, are catered well are they so people your wonder No in deep. the and Out snow—cold a a literary help a standpoint, magazine such for what from

must be to them. The articles contain a mine of information, The children are safely tucked in their bed.

they are so informative, and what I like about them is the The toil of the day is done;

writers arc so sure of what they write about, its facts, and "a I sit by the warm fire dozing bless fact thing."is a the Era, it is marrow and stubborn God has come! Era Then

in to fatness its contents."just glory me. I its then, as pages remember—theI read through So

George W. Hancock, My mind wanders out the four walls.

London, Eng. And soon, ere I knew it, I heard a faint step

The sound of my hubby's footfalls.

THOUGHT FEBRUARY COVER TOO DIM said. yet?"jokingly not he in bed "What,

'written criticisms have Februwe had no of our the smiled. HOUGH Era, spying Then, he

--I friends in the cases, declared ary cover, have, read read color So a few and and we read and we read we we to be only reply could awhile! seeking too dim. were that we We And there was no sleep—for

delicate,, effect dainty finer that the which McBride. harmonizes with Fern Rose

Keep Your Car YOUNG!

Correct Lubrication will do it!

A change of lubricant in transmission and differential... You can always depend on the service and

a heavier grade of Vico for the crankcase... thorough products at Pep 88 and Vico dealers

chassis and steering gear lubrication—those are the things

needed by most cars at this time of year. Proper lubrication means real economy, and greater motoring enjoyment.

Watch daily newspapers for the year's most important announcement to motorists, on

Manufactured and Guaranteed by ALWAYSaaA STEP AHEAD! Utah Oil Refining Co., Salt Lake City

58th Annual Conference of M. I. A.

FRIDAY:- SATURDAY -:- SUNDAY

JUNE 9, 10, 11, 1933

The annual Conference of the Young Men's and Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement

Association will be held at Salt Lake City, Utah. General Board Committees are now

working on the details of the program and new courses of study and activities which will then be ready for distribution include 1. The introduction of programs of all departments for 19331934.

2. Grand Finals in all Churchwide M. I. A. Contests.

3. A big Scout celebration commemorating the Twentieth anniversary of Scouting

in the Church.

4. A special course for leaders in camping and recreation.

5. Special mass meetings promoting greater understanding and enthusiasm for our

Leisuretime program.

6. The introduction of the Third Year feature of the ThreeYear-Plan—a special

Churchwide project in recreation.

7. Annual M. I. A. reception and Grand Ball.

8. A final meeting Sunday evening in the Tabernacle emphasizing the spiritual

values of our program.

Of unusual interest will be the Grand Finals in the new M. L A. contest in Operetta.

M. L A. GENERAL BOARDS.

IS NOT JUST A HABIT

"MUST FIGHT TO A / LJ VEI A D JUSTIFY ANDAUn. l/\vn T C/\K UREASE PUBLIC CONFIDENCE BY SATISFYING

rHOUSANDS OF POLICYHOLDERS WITH THE BEST

IN INSURANCE.

Constant, efficient, watchful supervision of investnnents has kept the Beneficial in sound financial condition. Even during the past

years of business depression the

Beneficial has continued its aggressive forward march, increasing in strength, stability and

progress.

he BIG HOME COMPANY

i i ENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMP

HEBER J. GRANT. President. RALPHS, Genera! Manager