Law and Order PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

(Editorial)

Obligation of Citizenship PRESIDENT A. W. IVINS

MELVIN J. BALLARD

NICHOLAS G. MORGAN

SANTA BARBARA MISSION ELIZABETH C. PORTER

STORY—TACTICS

IDA STEWART PEAY,. v;. ""; "\:::; ''-.J,-'-Sir.

.? iLAYiriRay sabots

SPECIAL WINTER EXCURSION FARES via Southern Pacific Lines TO LOS ANGELES AND RETURN BOTH WAYS VIA

SAN FRANCISCO $50.50

TO LOS ANGELES VIA SAN FRANCISCO RETURNING

DIRECT OR ROUTE REVERSED $58.00

Proportionately low fares from all other point) in UTAH, IDAHO and MONTANA

STOPOVERS ALLOWED AT ALL POINTS

TICKETS ON SALE DAILY—FINAL RETURN LIMIT, EIGHT MONTHS

For further information CALL, WRITE or PHONE

PRESS BANCROFT, GENERAL AGENT 41 SO. MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY

PHONE WASATCH 3008—307*

at prices direct from factory to you For Ladiet By ordering garments direct, For Men

Weave f.95 and thus get better quality No. 92—Ribbed

for less Light No. tl.25 money. Wgt Order by 82—Ribbed

Lt. 1.25 number and aend Wgt measNo. 3—Ribbed ure, height and No. 83—Fine Fine.... 1.50 Extra guarantee fit.weight—webust the Quality CotNo. ton 1.60 926—Med. Specify or style. OLD NEW 1.7B Light No. Wgt 862—Fine Light weights usually made Mercerized No. with short sleeves 97—Med. legs, and % Lisle 1*5 Silk Wgt. according to Temple pattern. No. 822—Silk Stripe 1.08 weights Heavy regularly made Stripe, Med.

Wgt 1.60 with long sleeves and long No. 975—Med.

pair a extra. Fine Silk prepay We

Stripe 1.85 to postage all parts of U. S. No. 9107—Wool and Cotton No. 826—Fine

Mixture 4.0C Silk.... 2.96 Sample* request Rayon

SALT LAKE KNITTING STORE 70 Main St., Salt Lake City

"Oldest Knitting Store in Utah"

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

No substitute for Life Insurance can be found until you find a Remedy for Death Our modern upto-date contracts afford complete protection.

Our insurance in force including the Double Indemnity feature has passed the $39,522,987 mark

Our Premiums and Interest Income now total between

SEVEN AND EIGHT HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS

PER ANNUM InterMountain Life Insurance Company

J. O. CARTER, President

Home Office, Twelfth Floor Continental Bank Building Salt Lake City, Utah

A few intelligent men to enter the salesmanship field desired

Thorough instructions given

LETS GO TO

KEELEY'S "The Home of Good Things to Eat'

For Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner Light refreshments MISSIONARIES or Full Delicious Box Course Dinners Lunches for the train! foods—Homelike—put up to your order. prepared by

women cooks. "Gems of Good Cookery"

ICE CO. KEELEY CREAM

- U60 Sa SaMain - 160 SaMain state -imilrs QwdyDept. 55

5 Popular Stores

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Broadest Curriculum Ever Offered At UTAH AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE SUMMER SCHOOL The six week summer session of the Utah Agricultural College affords a delightful vacation and an opportunity to pursue credit courses under a visiting faculty of nationally known scholars.

Together with the full resident faculty, these men and women will present special lectures and conduct courses in athletics and coaching, agricultnre, botany, education, music, zoology, geology and many other bfanches of the arts and sciences, for both graduate and undergraduate students.

The visiting staff includes:

Dr. Henry C. Cowles, Professor Mary Wood Hlnman,

Dancing, of Chicago. of Recreation—HinmanDancing. SchoolDr. Botany—U.10. B. Branson,

Missouri. of Jessie Professor Agnew, Geology—TJ. MayDr. V. McCollum. E. of Chicago. Teacher Music—Methods Hopkins U. Nutrition—Johns C. Professor Swenson, JohnDr. VV. Hart, Frank

TJ. Y. of California Sociology—B. Education-—U. Professor Bjarnson, Lofter MollisProfessor Dann, State Dept. of EdMusic—New York U. Education—Utahucation.Professor Lee Randolph,

of Fine Arts. Miss School

PrimaryProfessorArt—California A. Tarr, Edith Bowen,Education—Logan City Schools. Missouri. Geology—U.Williamof

Special Lecturers:

Edward Howard Griggs; Walter Prichard Eaton; Pres-

':&$:: ident F. D. Farrell; Lee Emerson Bassett; C. J. Galpin;

Dr. Levi Edgar Young.

Coaching School June 11 to 15 Inclusive FEATURING GLEN S. (POP) WARNER

The famous coaching school will be headed by Glen S. (Pop) Warner,

football, head coach at Stanford University. Other members will be:

DR. FORREST C. ALLEN—Basketball; Treatment of Athletic injuriesDirector of Athletics and basketball coach at Kansas University

President of the National Association of Basketball coaches.

PROFESSOR C. S. LEAF—Swimming—Director of swimming at Provo

Public Schools and B. T. U.

DR. CREED HAYMOND—Salt Lake City—Track and Field.

The worldfamous beauty spots, and points of scientific interest throughout the state, will be visited, by field expeditions and excursion

parties.

Summer Session: June 18 to July 27

Fee; $20.00

For Catalog, Please Write the President's Office %Vtak (Jgncultural Qpllogo OQcivi,UtaVL

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA *- IMPROVEMENT ERA APRIL. 1928

Pres. Heber J. Grant Hugh J. Cannon

Editor Associate Editor Melvin J. Ballard, Business Manager

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Young Men's

Mutual Improvement Associations and the Schools of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Portrait of Hugh J. Cannon Frontispiece Atonement. A Poem.....Frank C. Steele 451

Hugh J. Cannon B. S. Hinckley 453 Example or Warning ------ - Mam n Luther 45 6

THE CHALLENGE. A POEM - - - Lennie Fishec Robinson 457

The Sacred Obligations of Citizenship - Prest. Anthony W. Ivins 458

The Political Responsibility of Latterday Saints

Elder Melvin J. Ballard 461

I WONDER. A POEM Orson Rega Card 463

Responsibility of Officials of the Law - Nicholas G. Morgan 464

Yours Just for Today, a Poem Ida R. Alldredge 465

THE CALL FOR REVERENCE - 'Peter Keyser, B. A. 466

RECLAIMED. A POEM Bertha A. Kleinman 468 CONFORMITY.... Lewis J. Wallace 469 A FABLE...... Susa Young Gates 473 PATRIOTISM ------- George Stewart 474

As Elbert Hubbard Said 4 74 Weekday Religious Education - - - Franklin S. Davis 475

Dying Words of an Infidel - - - - - - - 479

Santa Barbara Mission Rises from the Ashes. Illustrated

Elizabeth Cannon Porter 480 Conquering the English-----Channel - - Claude C. Cornwall 488

The Dawning. A Poem - - - - - M.J. Hill 490

THE CHARM OF TITHING Albert R. Lyman 491 Tactics. A Story.... Ida Stewart Peay 492

Spring Zephyrs. A Poem - Samuel B. Mitton 498 Messages from the Missions....Illustrated - 499

On Church Building. A Poem - - - Edgar A. Guest 506

Detroit Branch to Build $40,000 Chapel - Lucy Wright Snow 507 Editors'Table—The Upholding of Constituted Law and Order

Prest. Heber J. Grant 508

Books - - - - 515 Priesthood Quorums - - 516 A Soul. Poem H. D. Fish 523

Mutual Work 524 Come Unto Me. Song Samuel B. Mitton 533 Passing Events ----- 535

Entered at the Post Office. Salt Lake City. Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance

for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, Act of October, 1911, authorized on July Z, 1918.

Manuscripts submitted without the statement. "At usual rates."are considered free contributions. Photographs, unless their return is especially requested, will be destroyed.

Published monthly at Salt Lake City; $Z per annum. Address: Room 406 Church

Office Building.

I I

EMENTS

Inquiry is often made by writers as to to be had from its reading. Try it with

what the Improvement Era pays for manuthis number, and see if he doesn't apprescripts submitted for publication, what ciate it. If he expresses a wish sometime

kinds of material it buys, etc. Like other to become a subscriber himself, tell him

magazines, the Era buys only what it needs he may start with the current number, to accomplish its purpose, and pays acand not to wait till the beginning of the cording to merit as judged by its editors. new volume. You see what effective misAll manuscripts are considered free consionary work you will then be doing?

tributions that do not contain the statefor the person who reads consistently the ment, "Submitted at usual rates;"and all Improvement Era each month gets the

photographs sent with manuscripts that spirit of the gospel. And the Lord has

are used will be destroyed, unless their resaid, "It behooveth him who hath been turn is especially requested. Read official warned to warn his neighbor."

announcement of this policy at bottom of "Contents"page. Edgar A. Guest's poem, "On Church

Building,"is published for the first time direct conIn this number of the Era are several in this number of the Era,—a

interesting, timely articles on the theme of tribution of the author to our magazine.

our responsibility in the observance of law (See page 506.) Read also the account

and order, with an editorial fcy President of Mr. Guest's philanthropic assistance to

Heber J. Grant on the same subject. These the branch of the Church at Detroit,

should be read and their teachings applied Michigan, where he gave a recital of his by every Latterday Saint throughout the famous poems, without remuneration, to world. The application of these prinhelp raise funds for the building of their

ciples, by its citizenry, is vital to the stanew chapel.

read the bility of any nation;—but, you

articles yourself. The May number of the "Santa Barbara Mission Rises From the

Era will be devoted to a theme equally Ashes,"an illustrated story by Elizabeth interesting. Articles will be written by Cannon Porter, in which the author repersons who have become thoroughly imlates some very interesting facts connected

bued with their subject, through both with the rebuilding of this mission after study and long experience. Be sure you the 1925 earthquake, and points out roget your May Era. mantic bits of history that you will like to

read. It begins on page 481.

Information about the new plan of priesthood and M. I. A. work and activity Read the story, "Tactics,"beginning on

can be found in both the Priesthood Quopage 492, for suggestions on how to attain rums and Mutual Work departments of economic ends in married life. It is interthis number. (Pages 516 and 524.) esting and contains a good moral lesson.

After you have finished reading your Says President H- W. Valentine of the

Era, have you ever passed it on to your GermanAustrian mission: "Permit me to

neighbor and asked him to read it? If he express the hearty approval and keen apisn't a subscriber, he doesn't know of the preciation of all of our elders for the 'New

many good things the magazine contains. Era.'You are certainly to be congratulated

or of the encouragement and inspiration on the quality of the magazine."

-iei#a>2

Atonement

When Jesus neared his hour of sacrifice,

Heart weighed with sorrow, mindful of the price,

The Twelve he called, for them a supper spread—

The broken bread, the precious cup, then said:

"Behold, this bread, my body given for sin,

This wine, my blood, a fallen world to win."

Moved he in silence to Gethsemane,

And wrapt in prayer prepared for Calvary;

He bore the cross, the great surrender made

For his accusers pleadingly he prayed:

"Forgive them, Father, merciful and true,

They crucify, yet know not what they do."

Dread darkness fell, the temple veil was rent,

The earth bore witness to his testament;

He died, the gift of love he freely gave,

Only to rise triumphant from the grave:

Victor he stands; victorious, too, shall be

They who in Christ the one Redeemer see.

I.ethbridge. Canada FRANK C. STEELE

!?&&>*= i -a<sg%

Hugh J. Cannon

Associate Editor ''V., < Improvement Era

Vol. XXXI APRIL, 1928 No. 6

Hugh J. Cannon

By Bryant S. Hinckley, President of the Liberty

Stake of Zion appointment of Hugh J. Cannon to succeed the late beTHEloved Edward H. Anderson as associate editor of the Improvement Era was gratifying to all who enjoy the advantage

of his acquaintance. His training and experience eminently fit him

for the responsibilities of this new appointment. The high standdard maintained by the Era in the past will not be impaired under

his editorial supervision.

The writer of this sketch speaks out of a long and intimate acquaintance with the new appointee, and speaks with confidence concerning his ability as a writer and his sterling worth as a man.

Hugh J. Cannon is, by instinct and training, a gentleman,

modest, dignified and genial, full of human sympathy, tender and considerate; but in no sense lacking in the sterner virtues of courage, loyalty and dependability. He inherited from his illustrious

father, George Q. Cannon, unusual literary ability and a sublime

and beautiful faith, both of which he has cultivated. He has a

clear understanding of the great fundamentals of the gospel of Jesus

Christ and few other men of his years have given more generously of their time and means for its promulgation.

He is the son of George Q., and Sarah Jenne Cannon, and was

born January 19, 1870, in Salt Lake City, Utah. His mother, in

her 88th year, is still mentally alert.

He received his early education in a private school, taught by

George M. Cannon, on the old Cannon farm near the Jordan river,

and from there he went to the University of Utah. Subsequently,

he became proficient in shorthand and typewriting.

As a young man, he learned the nursery business and for a time was a partner in this business with the late Martin Christopherson.

At the age of twenty, he was called on his first mission to

Germany. He had been there about a year and a half when his

brother, David, who was laboring in the same mission, contracted 454 IMPROVEMENT ERA

a cold through exposure and died. Hugh J. brought his remains

home.

Soon after his return he engaged in the mining business in

Nevada. At that time Nevada was a new and sparsely settled country, untouched by the refining influences of civilization. He was

thrown in contact with a rough and belligerent element, situations arose which required great physical courage; but, under the most

dangerous situations, there was no faltering or hesitation on his part. Mild and peaceloving, when cries arose, he exhibited a

fighting courage of the finest quality. Out of this frontier experience he gathered material for some thrilling stories which have

received favorable comment from competent critics.

He subsequently engaged in the publishing business in Salt

Lake City, in connection with the interests of his father, and was manager of the George Q. Cannon &> Sons Company, one of the

pioneer publishing houses of Utah, at the time this company was sold.

He was made a member of the Deseret Sunday School Union

Board December 29, 1896, and continued until April 3, 1923.

In 1901, he went on his second mission to Germany and was presiding over that mission when he was made president of Liberty stake, February 26, 1904. This mission covered a period of three

and onehalf years.

In 1920, while he was presiding over Liberty stake, he was called by the First Presidency to accompany Elder David O. McKay

in a tour of the world, visiting all the missions of the Church except those in the United States. This required more than a year's

time.

During the administration of Governor Charles R. Mabey,

he was head of the Bureau of Food Products of the State of Utah.

In 1925, he was again called to preside over the SwissGerman mission and was presiding there at the time of his appointment as associate editor.

As a boy, he was active in the various quorums of the priesthood and in the local auxiliary organizations.

He has been on three missions to Germany, covering a period of seven and a half years, one year was spent in the world tour, which makes a total of eight and a half years of missionary work abroad, twenty years as president of Liberty stake and twentyseven years as a member of the Deseret Sunday School Union Board.

He is now fiftyeight years of age.

As stated before, while he was presiding over the SwissGer- man mission, he was made president of Liberty stake at the time

HUGH J. CANNON 455

it was organized, returning six months after his appointment to assume the responsibility of his new office.

For twenty years thereafter he presided as president of the stake. During this time the stake made marked progress, the population more than doubled, a number of wards were organized, new

chapels were erected and many important changes and improvements were made along the line. The conduct of this work reflects

great credit upon his ability as an organizer and his capacity as a leader. His administration was marked by wisdom, tolerance and

a sympathetic understanding of the problems of the people. His

leadership was the kind that secures a cheerful and gratuitous following, a leadership built upon confidence in mankind and a settled faith in God, consequently a leadership that inspires faith and awakens noble endeavor. He can repair with pride and satisfaction

to his record as president of the Liberty stake of Zion.

He brings to his new calling a ripe experience. He has grown

up in the publishing business, has traveled extensively, has had wide contact with men and affairs and has become familiar with world conditions. This has bred in him a fine spirit of tolerance

and has given him an elevation from which to view many questions that must find consideration at his hands.

As editor of a magazine which represents the Latterday Saints in the libraries and literary centers of the world, this experience and this preparation will be of inestimable value.

It will be his privilege to meet many distinguished men and women who visit our people and our city; this he can do well and

impressively.

As a writer, he made his first contribution to the Juvenile

Instructor, which at that time was owned and edited by his father,

George Q. Cannon. Later he was associated with his brother, Frank

J. Cannon, in the publishing of the Ogden Standard. While in

Germany he wrote a number of articles for the Millennial Star, some of which were published as tracts. He kept a complete and interesting journal of his world tour and contributed a number of descriptive

articles to the Deseret News, the Juvenile Instructor and the Era.

He has an extraordinary memory, an easy, graceful style of writing"and a rare sense of humor.

The opportunity which has come unasked to him has come at a period in his life when he is best fitted to meet its demands.

He is a keen judge of men and has a good understanding of the motives that actuate them. He has an instinct for saying the right

thing at the right time in the right way.

One of his outstanding characteristics is mental poise. He

456 IMPROVEMENT ERA

never loses his selfcontrol, little things do not perturb him; he

stands unafraid and undisturbed in the face of peril.

There is something about his presence that banishes doubt and imparts a sense of security and peace. His friendship is delightful, constant and unwavering; his faith is simple, childlike

and complete. His courage is of the quiet quality, controlled and

directed by a seasoned and judicial mind.

His contact with all classes of people is pleasant and wholesome. All his life he has mingled with young men, he understands

their problems and he knows their hopes and aspirations and will fit admirably into his new place.

The management and readers of the Era are to be congratulated upon his appointment.

Example or Warning By Martin Luther

"What a sin and a shame it is that it has come to this among us. that we are drawn

away from, and permit ourselves to be drawn away from, the training of our young and the thought of what is best for them, until we ourselves are driven by natural impulse to the point of becoming an example to the heathen and in many ways a warning. * * *

"Man is no unthinking beast, that neither cares for nor trains the thing to which he has given birth, but leaves it on the straw, as God said in Job 39, and is as hard toward his own as though it were not his, and leaves his eggs unprotected on the ground. * * *

"And what benefit is it to us, with all our having and doing, if we are like the vain ecclesiastics and neglect that which is the most important thing in our lives;

namely, the care of the young people. My opinion is that among the most obvious

sins of the world none is so severely blamed by God and deserving of such terrible punishment as this very thing, which we do to the children, in that we fail to bring them up properly."—From a sermon of Martin Luther, addressed to the rulers of

Germany. Freely translated from the sixteenthcentury German by M. M. A.

The Challenge!

Can this be true? The question comes,

That lawlessness is now the courted king,

That men have ceased to love their fellowmen,

That they destroy the law for money's ring?

Can this be true? Our leaders'quest,

Like Moses in the camp of Israel's host,

Who's on the Lord's side? Who will stand

For God the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost?

Aye! Who will stand to love the Lord as King,

And hold this country as a holy thing,

Where all may put their wisdom to a test

And hear the truth and know that it is best?

God gives to man a Canaan for his faith:

Religion overcomes the wilderness:

Despair departs before the light of hope:

Attainment crowns the head of eagerness.

So lies the shall we lose? land—and

Barter our birthright through neglect?

The challenge is ours! Let opposition

Strengthen our hearts, and wake us to defect.

Linnie Fisher Robinson The Sacred Obligations of Citizenship

By President Anthony W. Ivins

is a system or rule established by recognized authority forLAWthe government and control of action. All things, whether in

the heavens above or in the earth beneath, are governed and controlled by definite, orderly laws.

These regulations may be classified as civil and criminal laws, enacted by men through the agencies which they, themselves, have created, and are designed for the protection, development, and happiness of society.

Laws may be in the form of commands which we are compelled to obey, for the violation of which penalties may be inflicted by those who administer the mandate, under the authority by which the law is created. These regulations are designed to protect the individual

or community against the improper encroachment upon the inherent rights to which all people are entitled.

For the infraction of these laws we are held responsible, and may be restrained of our liberty, dispossessed of our property, or even of life itself, provided the offense committed justifies the infliction of such penalty.

In contrast to this is the universal law of God, the Creator of heaven and earth and all things which in them are. The Universe,

the earth upon which we have being, the animal and vegetable life which exists upon it, man, himself, the masterpiece of the creations of God, all exist, move and act under the merciful provision of the laws which He has ordained in order that we may go forward in an orderly manner to the accomplishment of the destiny which is before us.

We may observe or disregard these unchangeable laws as we choose. Agency has been given us to observe or violate either Godgiven or human laws. If we violate either, we must pay the penalty; if we observe them, we reap the reward.

Our very existence depends upon the observance of certain simple laws. We know that these mortal bodies cannot exist without food. We may eat or abstain from taking nourishment. To

eat is to obey an indispensable law. If we wilfully ignore this law,

we die, and are responsible to the giver of life alone for our act, the civil law cannot deal with us; but if we wilfully deprive another of life, as we have deprived ourselves, it is murder, and human

law inflicts the penalty which is provided.

THE SACRED OBLIGATIONS OF CITIZENSHIP 459

Thus it is seen that for the transgression of laws which affect ourselves alone, where the rights of others are in no manner infringed upon, we are responsible to the Divine Lawgiver only.

This principle of personal responsibility for the deeds done while here in mortality is exemplified more clearly in the Law of the

Lord which was given through Moses, for the government of ancient

Israel, than in any other code so far as we have personal knowledge, and it is a fact that our modern system of jurisprudence is copied very closely after the pattern which was given more than three thousand years ago.

The conduct of ancient Israel was governed, in almost the minutest detail of their lives, by fixed laws. The food which they

were to eat, the manner of clothing to be worn, their conduct toward one another and the stranger who might be within their gates, and the responsibility to the God of their fathers, were all set forth in the greatest detail.

The penalties attached to the violation of these laws were governed by the gravity of the offense committed. If a person ate

that which was forbidden, or touched or handled a thing which was unclean, it was necessary for him to cleanse himself before mingling with the congregation of the people; he had committed an offense

against himself only. If he found an article which had been lost

by another, and wilfully retained possession of it instead of returning it to the owner, he was obliged to restore it with an added amount which was not great; but if he stole an ox or a sheep, which was not

lost, he was to restore five oxen for an ox, and four sheep for a sheep.

He who deliberately took human life was put to death, but if a life was taken by accident, the penalty was not great. Blasphemy

of the name of God was a capital offense. If a man committed

adultery with a married woman, the wife of his neighbor, both the man and woman were put to death. If the act was committed

with an unmarried maiden who was betrothed to another, and she made no resistance, both man and maiden were stoned to death; if,

however, the maiden cried out for help and no one came to her rescue, the man alone suffered the death penalty, the maiden being blameless.

These citations are given to illustrate the careful distinction which was made in defining the gravity of the offense committed under the law, and the care with which the punishment was meted out to the offender.

The law of Moses was a code which appears to us harsh, and, in some respects, unjustifiable; but it cannot be denied that its rigid

enforcement made the Israelitish kingdom the dominant secular 460 IMPROVEMENT ERA

power of the world, and that when the observance and execution of the law was disregarded, the decadence of the nation began, and that the refusal of the people to return to faith in the God of their fathers and obedience to his laws resulted in the utter dissolution of the kingdom.

The law of Moses, in so far as it applied to the law of sacrifice, was fulfilled in Christ, whose coming it symbolized; but the laws

of morality, integrity, justice and submission to civil law remain in full force, and were confirmed and taught by the Redeemer.

The most just and righteous laws are of no value unless honestly and righteously administered. It is not the violator of the law

alone who is responsible for his act. If a man murder, and I,

knowing him to be guilty, assist him to escape the penalty which the law should inflict, I become accessory to his crime, and should be punished for my participation in it.

If a man steal, and another, knowing the theft to have been committed, acquires the stolen property, both are equally guilty of theft. If the law prohibits the manufacture and sale of intoxicating

liquors, and I purchase that which I know to be contraband, I am equally guilty, and should be dealt with as a criminal.

Every citizen of the United States is under solemn obligation to honor, uphold and magnify the law. Every person chosen either

to enact or administer the law makes solemn covenant that he will honestly and conscientiously discharge the great responsibility which he assumes. If he violates the trust reposed in him, he not only

becomes a law breaker, but a perjurer unworthy the respect and confidence of honest men, worse than an ordinary has viocriminal—he

lated a sacred trust.

In no other country of the world is greater liberty granted to its citizens than in the United States of America. In no other country of

the world should citizenship be more highly prized, and the law be so universally upheld and honored, and yet we are told that we are today the most lawless nation of the world.

Let the people of the United States resolve that no law breaker, whether it be the highest official in our government or the humblest citizen, shall go unpunished. Let rational laws be enacted which

will protect every citizen in his inherent rights, and be administered in justice and equity, and our country will go on to the glorious destiny to which the Lord intended that it should. Disregard the

law and the solemn obligations of citizenship, and our country, like the nations which have gone before, will be swept off, leaving only magnificent ruins to bear witness of its former greatness.

The Political Responsibility of

Latterday Saints By Melvin J. Ballard, of the Council of the Twelve, and

Assistant General Superintendent Y. M. M. I. A.

ITthatIS indeedthey havestrangenothingto hear,to doin witha republic,politics;of butsomeit whois strangerboast

to hear of leading men who feel that this attitude is a proper one. In the light of the gospel teachings, is this attitude correct?

The Lord has given us positive instructions to see to it that we select wise men to make and administer the laws. And it is still

true, as in the day of Solomon, that "when the wicked rule, the people mourn."In the United States especially, where complete

rights of suffrage have been given to the entire people, there arises a sacred responsibility, binding upon every member of the Church, to honor and magnify his political rights. Church members who

are aliens should become naturalized citizens in the countries where they intend to make their homes, so that they may have a voice in the enactment of the laws and in their enforcement.

In section 134 of the Doctrine and Covenants, we are shown that civil officers and magistrates are necessary to enforce the law;

and that those who will administer the law in equity and justice should be sought and upheld by the voice of the people. Now, here'

are the steps necessary to secure these wise officers: In the first place,

primaries are held by the several political parties for the selection of delegates who are to attend the conventions that are to nominate these officers. These primaries, it frequently happens, are poorly

attended. As a rule, only those who have special interest in certain

candidates participate. This condition makes it easy for any combination of persons to secure a majority at the primaries,

and, thereby, to control the conventions. There is only one wav

by which the consequences of this great evil can be averted. The

people must attend the primaries in mass. The will of the people

may then be expressed in the selection of delegates who attend conventions, who, in turn, nominate candidates for whom the people are to vote. This great reformation the Latterday Saints can assist

in making, simply by attending the primary of the political party for which they have a preference. It is the right of the people to

give delegates instructions as to the character of men they are finallv to nominate for office. After their nomination, when the candidates

are submitted to the people for their votes, there should be perfect 462 IMPROVEMENT ERA

freedom on the part of all electors to look over the entire group and to select men who themselves are living in accordance with the law and who are in favor of its strict enforcement. It is the duty

of every Church member to secure the election of the best officers.

This duty becomes another requisite to defeat those who are unworthy; for only the electors can see to it that good men are elected.

When responsible men have been elected, a foundation has been laid upon which we may build; but our responsibility must continue. We must sustain and support the laws that our representatives

enact; and we must uphold the hands of those who enforce the law.

There is no doubt that we have many unnecessary laws, or that a campaign should be commenced to eliminate certain statutes. Unnecessary laws only encumber the books, delay justice, and complicate the situation. But we should keep clearly before the people

the fundamental requirements for peace and order; and, as Ions

as we have a law, it is the duty of every member of the community to support it. One basic principle in carrying into effect the Constitution of our country was early right of the recognized—the

majority to rule. We must stand by that principle or we shall

presently come into serious difficulty. The will of the maioritv.

when expressed in law, is sacred and must be respected and obeyed by the minority. No matter how much they dislike any given law,

as long as they desire to remain loyal citizens, all are under obligation to abide by the will of the majority expressed in law. As these

questions come up for reconsideration, citizens have the right to

'appeal to the public, and to endeavor to induce the majority to think their way; but, as long as it stands, it is the duty of all men, whether

they like it or not, to uphold and support the law. If they cannot

do this, they are not loyal American citizens.

The position of the Church itself is a splendid example. In the

contest we had over the constitutionality of certain laws prohibiting the practice of plural marriage, we continued that contest until the court of last resort declared the law constitutional. Then we were

given a chance to prove our patriotism and our loyalty. With the

approval of the Lord, we submitted to the law of the land, letting it stand supreme. Through strict adherence to that regulation,

we manifest our willingness, no matter how much we mav have disagreed with the interpretation of the officials, to uphold and support the law. We thus set a shining example before the people

of the whole country.

Let others act likewise toward those laws which they themselves do not wholly favor. If they can not find it possible to live

in harmony with the laws that they dislike, they have the liberty to go elsewhere. Or, if they can gain a majority of the votes, they

POLITICAL RESPONSIBILITY OF LATTERDAY SAINTS 463

can establish laws that they are willing to support. Otherwise, they

should remove to some other land or country that better suits their notions.

Members of the Church are under obligation to furnish information against violators of law, and, as witnesses, thev are bound to give any evidence they have that will bring the guiltv to justice. We are under obligation to aid, to the utmost of our abilitv.

the officers who are engaged in the enforcement of the law. We

should give sympathetic support to judges who have the courage to execute the law in justice; otherwise, we may weaken their influence

and defeat the ends for which our laws have been established. Our.

greatest contribution to this desirable end will be our own determination to live within the law, and thus make it sacred through our example.

When politicians discover that the people will turn out in mass to the primaries, their hope of controlling delegates in their own interest will disappear; and whenever political conventions discover that the people will carefully discriminate in their selection

of officers, choosing only those who live within the law and who are pledged to support it—those

will political parties fear to put up for election menreproach—then whose lives and characters are above

who are unworthy. If the people will only exercise their privileges

as American citizens, they will find in their own hands the power to correct our present evils.

I Wonder

I wonder if, up in the big. big blue,

Two chubby arms are reaching for you.

I wonder if two little eyes are bright

With hope for that wonderful earthward flight.

If a rosevelvet mouth is waiting your lips.

And ten little fingers with pink shell tips

Are waiting to twine in your wavy hair

Or rest in cradled arms and there

Weave tiny golden threads that start

The angel love in a mother's heart.

I wonder!

Orson Rega Card.

Responsibility of Officials of the Law

By Nicholas G. Morgan, Chairman of Junior Department,

General Board Y. M. M. I. A.

INbilityTHEuponmatterpublicof lawofficials,enforcement,not onlytherein therestsenforcementa heavy responsiof the law, but in the establishment in the minds of the people of a high respect and a due regard for the same. If those who are charged with

this responsibility do not obey and respect the law themselves, the example they set is dangerous to the community and to the citizenry in general.

When an individual is clothed with the power and the responsibility of judgeship, it is his first duty so to act and in his rulings so to decide that his actions and his decisions will tend to emphasize the importance of his high office and the sanctity of the law. Unfortunately, we find, in some of our communities, judges who permit

personal bias and opinion to control their actions and their decisions.

In such cases we find those courts breeding contempt for the law and establishing an especially bad example for others.

Attorneys who represent the state in prosecutions, and attorneys who defend those who are accused, also have a heavy responsibility resting upon them. Justice should be the objective of both sides, and

when justice has been attained, then the responsibility ends. The

practice of procuring manufactured testimony and the prevalence of perjury in lawenforcement cases are among the most dangerous and insidious foes of our civil government. Attorneys are officers of

the court, and, in every case, should cooperate with the court in seeing that both the rights of the state and of the accused are protected.

Every man is presumed to be innocent until he is proved guilty; but

when guilt has been established, then all officers of the court should cooperate in securing a just punishment for the offense committed.

One of the worst practices of today is the selection of juries composed of men who are openly opposed to the law which is. sought

to be enforced. Such men will perjure themselves in order to sit as

jurors in the case, and, because of their personal animosity toward the law, will return a verdict in favor of the defendant, no matter how strong a case the state presents. Such action on the part of jurors

is not only reprehensible, but extremely dangerous, as it makes trial by jury nothing but mockery and the law a mere byword.

In order for an individual to become a witness in a case, he is required to take a solemn oath that he will, in his testimony, "tell the

RESPONSIBILITY OF OFFICIALS OF THE LAW 465

truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth."This, of

course, means the truth as he understands it. Under this oath, a

great responsibility rests upon him. Knowingly giving false testimony on the witness stand is a most serious crime and is punishable

by imprisonment in the state penitentiary. Any individual who has

respect for himself, or loyalty for his country, should shun such offence. And, yet, every day in our courts, where men and women

are tried for the violation of laws, especially the prohibition laws, wilful perjury is committed.

One of the fundamental principles of the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints is that contained in the Article of Faith which provides that "We believe in being subject to kings, presidents, rulers, and magistrates, in obeying, honoring, and sustaining the law."Every Latterday Saint, be he judge, attorney, juror, or

witness, should make it his duty to honor and respect the law and to cooperate with all other agencies in the endeavor to secure the enforcement of the same. Government and civilization hang in the

balance; the judiciary and lawenforcement officers must be clean;

perjury must be stamped out if justice prevails.

Yours Just For Today

Oh, guard well this temple entrusted to you.

It is yours for a season, God given, to use.

He gave you the wisdom and told how to do:

'Tis his for tomorrow, not yours to abuse.

'Tis only a mantle wherein is enthroned

The spirit that liveth forever and aye;

You are but the keeper, to you it is loaned.

Remember 'tis borrowed; yours just for today.

God gave it unto you as sacred and pure

As the daintiest flower that grows,

And he will expect it returned at his door,

As sweet and as clean as the heart of a rose.

So prove that you're worthy, and keep well the trust.

And God will your spirit enrich and enfold.

He loaned you this body, so guard it you must;

'Tis the most sacred trust that you could e'er hold.

Wcso. Arizona. IDA R. ALLDREDGE

The Call for Reverence By Peter Keyser, B. A., Provincial School of Agriculture.

Raymond, Canada of the notable impoverishments of our present age is theONEloss of reverence from the varied avenues of life. We are not

a reverent people. This boldly inquisitive age, and our

rushing, modern life are not conducive to that quietness of spirit which produces this virtue. There are many causes contributing to

the decay of reverence in our day. Our age is too materialistic.

We have lost sight of God and have little sense of his sovereignty and holiness. We are too blasphemously familiar with holy things. Our

mode of living in many respects is too shallow; our reading too careless, and our amusements too sensational, if not even sensual. There

is nothing we need today more than a revival of the spirit of reverence.

Reverence is one of the finer qualities of the soul. It is not

something one can put on with Sunday garments and carry to church, to be laid aside on Monday. It is not a passing posture,

but a permanent passion. Reverence is not easily defined. Like

love, it evades analysis. It is an attitude of soul; it is the atmosphere

in which the great virtues of life are nourished; it is the heart's recognition of the great and sublime in life, whether it be in the grandeur

of the mountains, the vastness of the heavens, the majesty of the seas, or the sublimity of the eternal.

As Dr. Charles Jefferson says: "Reverence is respect and

esteem moving at high altitudes. It is one of the loftiest of all the

emotions of the soul. * * * There is probably no expression

which defines what we mean by reverence so well as the Old Testament phrase, "the fear of the Lord."The wise men of Israel were

convinced that the fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom. Their

effort was to make men conscious of the existence of a God of infinite power and wisdom and goodness.

There is nothing in the world fosters the spirit of reverence like a holy fear and love toward God. A deep, true sense of the

presence of God will always produce reverence. One can hardly

resort to blasphemy when the soul is moved by the majesty of a sunset, or by a marvelous landscape, or one can hardly be vulgar in the presence of a refined, cultured person. Who, then, can be

irreverent who has a holy fear and love toward the eternal God?

There has never been another character so reverent or holy as Christ.

Was there ever another person who so revered God, as Jesus revered

THE CALL FOR REVERENCE 467

him? When he gave us the Lord's prayer, he said: "When ye pray say>

'Our Father * * * hallowed be thy name.'Men and women of all ages who have been awed by the holiness and sovereignty

of God, who in his presence have stooped to remove, as it were, their shoes from their feet, recognizing they were on holy ground, have become.like him in spirit, and their lives have been transformed by

his presence.

We know that faith and love toward God fosters reverence, and such reverence for God means that the sanctities of human life are respected. If, on the other hand, it be true that an irreverent attitude toward God has a dehumanizing effect, and issues in the

sanctities of life are trampled in the mud, what then will be the result of the wave of atheism which is rising among university students today, led on by the propaganda of "the American Association for the Advancement of Atheism"? Through the influence of

this godless organization, student societies are rapidly formed, which go under such pernicious names as: "God's Black Sheep;""The

Devil's Angels;""The Circle of the Godless;""The Damned Souls,"

who laugh at the thought of God and who assert "religion is bunk;"

who scoff at prayer and call Christ "the bewhiskered Jewish Jehovah."In one American university where their propaganda is

carried on, 100 out of 763 claimed there is no God, and, of the same studentbody, 548 had no faith in immortality.

No reverence for God means no respect for human life, and no sense of the real values of life. Life is always cheap where God is

sneered out. No wonder these students'societies scoff at marriage

and slate it "an antiquated institution which should be abolished."

Anarchy is bound to follow atheism, and the destruction of a nation is inevitable which becomes detached from God.

Along with reverence toward God and our fellowmen, should be emphasized the matter of reverence in worship. Human values

cannot estimate the worth of worship. Christ believed in it and

exalted it. True, he decried formalism, and sham; he knew that

those who worshiped God must "worship in spirit and in truth;"

and that it is the spirit, not the place, that counts. At the same

time he magnified the temple. He set an example of regular attendance at the synagogue, and spoke of the temple as "My Father's

House."There is a deep need today of reverence in worship. A reverence born of consciousness of God's presence and power. It is pathetic

today that so many, as one writer remarked, "treat the house of

God as they treat a streetcar, entering it and leaving it when they please. Even habitual church attendants often surprise and shock

one by their irreverent behavior in the house of prayer."

Fortunate is the nation that possesses a people with the spirit 468 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of reverence toward God, toward worship and toward their fellowmen.

"He giveth power to the faint; and to them that have no might

he increaseth strength. Even the youths shall faint and be weary,

and the young men shall utterly fall: but they that wait upon the

Lord shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings as

eagles; they shall run, and not be weary; and they shall walk, and

not faint."(Isaiah 40:2931.)

Reclaimed

I fetter the hands of my Deity

And I circumvent His cause I take from His might and His majesty

When I break my Maker's laws;

Nor the interdict of His providence,

Nor His love compassionate, Can rescue me from the consequence

Of the law I desecrate.

'Tis as I grow and build and change

To a higher, nobler mould, The very spheres take wider range

And His godliness unfold;

And the earth that swerved to its mortal march,

When the primal edict was defamed,

Shall swing again to the Superarch,

When man to godship is reclaimed.

Mesa. Arizona. BERTHA A. KLEINMAN.

Conformity By Lewis J. Wallace

is a growing tendency in some circles to criticise theTHERE "Church"on the ground that its laws and regulations are too rigid, the arguments being that there is no virtue in conforming strictly to all the fundamental doctrines of the gospel. In short,

it is said, "there is too much mcthodism in the Church."The objection is raised that many of the doctrines are merely outward

forms unrelated to any inward grace, compliance with which is not at all essential to salvation. The answer, perhaps, depends upon

the meaning of the word "salvation."

Baptism comes in for its share of criticism along with tithing, prayer, the Word of Wisdom, attendance at Sabbath services, sanctity of the Sabbath, eternal marriage, temple work for the dead, and many other commandments and fundamental principles of the

Church.

It is argued that baptism, for example, is a formal requirement adhered to by the unthinking, that no change results from its administration and that therefore no efficacy attaches to it. Tithing

is heard to be a burden too heavy to bear, and for that reason is said to be of little consequence, a matter purely discretionary with each individual; others find comfortable refuge in the suggestion

that it is a manmade, and not a divine, law. Some of the socalled

students of psychology denounce prayer as being but a childish gesture, fraught with meaning only in so far as the individual encourages himself in the belief that he will receive divine assistance.

The sanctity of the Sabbath is flouted on the ground that the "day of rest"is simply an ageold custom, coming down to us through years and years of tradition, and that, as a matter of reason, purely, the Sabbath is made for man, not man for the Sabbath. Eternal

marriage, temple work for the dead and other similar doctrines are lightly dismissed as being something about which we know nothing.

And so on down the list, no single principle or doctrine being able to claim the distinction of satisfying all of the critics.

With these objections prevalent among us, it would seem time really to determine exactly where we, as individuals, stand.

It should not be a difficult task. Either Christianity is a myth

or it is not. If it is a myth, we should admit it at once and frankly

assert that the Bible is no more than a book of moral teachings.

Moreover, if we do not profess to be Christians we cannot be expected to adhere to its precepts. But if, on the other hand, we

470 IMPROVEMENT ERA

acknowledge Christianity and hold ourselves out to be believers in the divine mission of the Savior, then let us stand on both feet and bear testimony to its truth by living in accordance with his divine teachings and commandments. Let us not act like pampered

children and accept one or two doctrines today, as it pleases us, and discard them for a few others on the morrow. Christianity is not

a selective religion, nor is it a weak, "psalmsinging Sunday religion,"socalled. It is an everyday religion, vital, vigorous and

allembracing in its mandates and its injunctions. On the one

band, it says, "Do these things;"and, on the other, "Do not

these (other) things."It does not say, pick and choose according

to your select whichever doctrines you may please. fancy—or,

If we accept the gospel of Jesus Christ, then we accept the fact that he was and is divine and we accept the conviction that God lives. Accepting these fundamentals, we cannot logically deny that

God is an orderly being and that heaven is an orderly place; nor

can we deny that all nature is subject to law and order. The whole

universe, as man knows it, is governed by certain definite, fixed and unchanging laws. Not only are things of nature and the

universe subject to irrevocable laws, but man himself has found it necessary and advisable to institute laws regulating and ordering his own conduct.

These laws which men set up are usually firm and explicit and very often demand positive action on the part of those who are subject to them, to say nothing of the countless restraints which they impose. How long would our social structure endure if we

could obey those laws which pleased us and ignore all the others?

How long would our governments (federal, state, county, city and town) exist if we paid taxes as loosely and as irregularly as we pay our tithing? The answer is obvious.

Suppose a nativeborn American citizen in one of our states presents himself at the voting polls, along with other citizens, and seeks to cast his ballot for a public officer. He is told that he

cannot vote because he has not yet reached a certain age. He is

furious. What qualification is there in age? Hasn't he had more

education and experience than his older brother? Or, suppose he

is told that he has failed to go through the formal procedure of registering at the proper time and place before the election and is therefore not entitled to vote. He is indignant and rages and

storms about. Isn't he a property holder? Isn't he as good a man

as his neighbor who is casting his ballot? Doesn't he pay taxes

and conduct himself in an orderly fashion? Yes. Then why can't

he vote? Why all this formality? Why must he conform to a

particular procedure? He punctuates his remarks, perhaps, with

CONFORMITY 471

some strong and vindictive adjectives about the unfairness and injustice of the whole governmental structure and leaves the building in a smoldering heat.

Does any one sympathize with him? Does any one say, "Ah,

let him vote. What difference does it make? After all, he is as

good as we are; he is a citizen; he is a taxpayer; and he is a mighty

good man?"If so, it is to no avail. The man doesn't vote.

Society must conduct itself in an orderly manner if it expects to function properly; it must have rules and regulations for individual

conduct, and each individual must accept his responsibility as a member of that society.

An alien comes to our shores, seeking admission into what he thinks is the "land of the free and the home of the brave."The

port officials tell him he cannot enter because the quota of immigrants from the country whence he came has been filled. They

tell him that he might possibly be admitted if he possessed a nonquota immigrant vise. He must return. With a heavy heart and

a burning contempt for so incredulous formalities, the immigrant is forced to accept this seemingly bitter decision. All he needs is a

certain paper, he reflects. What an unreasoning country to set up

a rule, to which he must conform, requiring him to return across the seas, procure if he can a small piece of paper, return again over the ocean and present the paper to this same official. Why not

simply let him in now?

Or, suppose the alien is admitted. He soon learns that he

must take certain steps, formal perhaps, if he desires to become an American citizen. He does not bother to do so; it is too much

trouble. Later he gets into legal difficulties and finds, to his dismay,

that he is not accorded all the rights, privileges and immunities of an American citizen; his status is different; he is still an alien. He

declares his disgust for so rigid and formal rules. It is absurd

to be forced to sign certain prescribed papers, to be acquainted with certain facts to be a citizen of this new country. Is he not as good

as the other immigrant with whom he journeyed? Just because

that man conformed, he says scornfully, to a certain routine, he has more rights than I have.

Again, our various governments exact from us annually, not one, but many taxes which we pay, or for the neglect of which we subject ourselves to penalties, usually in the form of distraint proceedings against our property. In some cases the penalty is a prison

sentence, as where fraudulent tax returns are filed. These taxes

are really tremendous when we stop to recount them. There are

taxes on the land we own, on our homes and our household furniture, on our automobiles, and on other numerous items of personal 472 IMPROVEMENT ERA

property; taxes on our income, sometimes both to the state and the

federal government; estate and inheritance taxes, payable oftentimes both to the state and the federal government; taxes for imports

and exports; sales taxes; taxes for paving new roads, building new

bridges and schools, constructing highways and for numerous other improvements, in addition to which are the taxes for the annual maintenance of these institutions and improvements, and so on almost ad infinitum.

Do we conform to these legal demands upon our purse? Do

we pay all of these taxes? We most assuredly do. They might

be ever so heavy, and we might protest ever so loudly, but neverpay them. theless we conform—we

If these examples are not sufficient to point out the extent to which we conform to rules, regulations, ordinances, statutes, laws, constitutions and other binding limitations and prohibitions prescribed by our governments, attention might be called to the thousands of city ordinances and state and federal constitutions and statutes under which we live. Added to these are the regulations

for administering these laws, the regulations of other governmental departments and bureaus, and the great body of decided cases forming the precedents for what we call our common law.

Countless other examples of our daily conformity with the legal requirements and restrictions and formalities of our various governmental agencies can be cited. And it is needless to say that

we do conform to those requirements or suffer the consequences, whether justly or unjustly. If a manmade government cannot

be a selective one, permitting each citizen to pick and choose the laws he prefers to obey, how can we logically criticise a divine government because it does not permit such selection?

The answer to all this, you may say, lies in the fact that we have the right to change our civil laws if we do not like them. We

can repeal those which become distasteful or cumbersome and enact new ones to replace them, or we can modify them from time to time as our fancy dictates. We are, in reality, therefore, conforming

only to those laws which please us.

But is that really true? A law once established is most difficult to discard, and this very difficulty results in the longcontinued

existence of laws we would like changed but which remain in force from year to year as though by sufferance purely. On the other hand,

a bare majority might institute laws or effect changes, thus forcing upon the large minority limitations most obnoxious and undesirable. So that, as a matter of fact, we do conform to many laws

which are contrary to our ideals, our sense of justice and our moral comfort. However, aside from all this, the best reply is that we

CONFORMITY 473

do not break the laws first and repeal them afterwards; we conform

to the existing laws, or should do, so long as they remain in force and until they arc actually repealed through the proper channels and by the proper authority.

Why then do we distinguish between the church and the state when it comes to obedience? Why do we scoff at what we like

to call "rigid conformity"to divine injunctions, while we accept unquestioningly restrictions and prohibitions much more tedious and severe imposed by our social order? Why is one a burden and

the other a civic duty? Docs the state have more claim to us and

to our services and our property than the God who gave us life?

Without him there would be no state; in fact, there would be no

life, no earth, and, so far as we know, there would be no universe.

Are we not shortsighted and blind? Is not our perspective wrong?

The man who stands within a few inches of the base of a towering monument cannot see or appreciate its height, nor can he measure its relative size with the surrounding landmarks. He is too close

to it; his perspective is dwarfed. Similarly, the man who shuts

himself off from the world and buries his nose in the books of his library becomes blind to the ideas, feelings, needs, desires, ambitions and experiences of his fellowmen. Were he to judge them he would

do so unwisely and unfairly.

Let us not lack wisdom and fairmindedness. The laws of

heaven are few in number and simple of understanding, and they arc as essential to God's divine purpose as are the laws of men to theirs. Let us not nullify them by disobedience. Let us get the proper

perspective and purpose of his kingdom, realizing that it must be subject to law and order, as is our own imperfect manmade government, and that we must learn the first law of heaven, just as we learn to be lawabiding citizens. If we profess to be Christians,

then let us be Christians in very deed, living God's laws and commandments and responding to his teachings, not through any childish fear of hellfire and damnation, but because we want to be good

Christians, because we have faith and confidence that he will not mislead us and that one day we will understand and appreciate his love for us. And, meanwhile, let us not be blinded by some inconsequential suggestion that he asks us to "conform"too much.

Washington, D. C.

A Fable Justice and Mercy went trafficking in the marketplace. Justice sought to weigh

men's souls. He drew from his cloak the scales that weigh and measure sunbeams or a

baby's sigh. Mercy begged for power to adjust those scales. But Justice would not.

Then Mercy began her plea, and the angels listened. She said that Justice measured only

acts and sure results; while she would take account of motive and of purpose. So

Mercy had her way. And from that day, the angels take two measurements of the souls

of men. Susa Young Gates.

Patriotism By George Stewart

as the meaning is given of PATRIOTONE'S FOR COUNTRYLOVE far to salute ISM. for one's country more than means Love

the flag; to salute high government officials; to sing patriotic songs; to praise dead soldiers and condemn living guardsmen; to

attend patriotic banquets, parades and lectures; to be willing to die

for our country.

Effective Patriotism Means:

That we will be just as willing to live and work for the welfare, protection and development of our country as we would be to die on the battlefield. Never before in history has our country had more

need for brave, true patriots as at the present time. To be really

patriotic and give our wholehearted support to WE—YOU I—must

our National Constitution and those who represent us. Love for

our country means that we not only honor it with our words, but that we obey and sustain by our daily actions the laws, statutes and regulations of our city, state and nation.

Men and women have a right to question the value of our local and national regulations; there is a proper time and place for such

matters to be presented. It is not proper to disobey the law while

it is on the statutebooks; the man or woman who willfully seeks to

set aside certain laws because they are unpopular not only becomes a menace to society, but a traitor and a criminal. Laws are made for

our benefit, protection and guide. Let all patriotic men, women,

and children prove their PATRIOTISM by obeying, honoring and sustaining the laws of our country.

Los Angeles, California.

As Elbert Hubbard Said "An infidel is a man who doesn't believe in himself."

"In business both men should make money, or the transaction is immoral."

"We know what is right, but we have not acquired the technique."

"If you have to say a hateful thing, telephone it."

"God help the rich; the poor know how to work."

"Kickers and dissatisfied men are great advertisers."

WeekDay Religious Education By Franklin S. Davis

who are interested in the future progress of the race areALLcontinually asking these two questions:

1. Fundamentally, what is the greatest need of the

world today?

2. How best may that need be provided for?

Latterday Saints have always stood upon the platform that the gospel of Jesus Christ is the final solution of the world's problems, and particularly the salvation of America.

"Behold, this is a choice land, and whatsoever nation shall possess it, shall be free from bondage, and from captivity, and from all other nations under heaven, if they will but serve the God of the land, who is Jesus Christ, who hath been manifested by the things which we have written."(Book of Mormon, Ether 2:12.)

There are Americans, of course, who may disagree with this bold declaration. They have a perfect right to disagree and to

worship any God whom they may choose, or they may not believe in or serve a God at all. America is a land of freedom and all men

may "follow the dictates of their own conscience, let them worship how, when, or what they may."Nevertheless, the Latterday Saints

believe, and many other Christians share that belief, that really to prosper, the people of America must look to Christ and his gospel.

Let it be assumed then that the first question; namely, "What is

the greatest need of the world today?"is solved.

The second question is not so easily disposed of. To begin,

it might be well to survey the lives of people and ascertain just what they are doing. By this survey will be found that all of their activities may be classified and grouped into five great major institutions or relationships:

1. The home (all family organizations).

2. The club (all social, civic and welfare agencies).

3. The shop (all industrial, commercial and business enterprises).

4. The school (all educational institutions).

5. The church (all institutions designed for worship).

There seems to be no activity of mankind which cannot be carried forward in one or more of these longestablished institutions.

The next step is to see how, if at all, these institutions have been and are now actuated by the Christian religion, or, in other words, how many of them arc Christian in character, and to what extent. This is very hard to determine. It amounts to finding out

who may be called Christians or who may not be so designated.

476 IMPROVEMENT ERA

However, it is not so important to know the unrelated facts regarding this problem as it is to know their tendency, and, in order to know this tendency, it will be necessary to compare these five institutions of "today"with those of "yesterday."

Without going into detail, since this seems unnecessary for the purposes of this article, it would seem safe to say that, while perhaps the sum total of Christian experience is as great and pure as it ever was (and there is healthy indication that it is richer and has greater significance and understanding than ever before), there has been a gradual shifting and changing in the objects and purposes behind these institutions. For example, the home and the school in the early

history of America in greater degree, and the club and shop in a lesser degree, were permeated by profoundly religious practices. The

early laws, customs, text books, curricula, and institutional charters offer ample evidence of this fact. Today, however, very little of a

religious nature is to be found in the club (unless it be specifically set apart for religious worship), the shop, and the school; and there

are some who point with warning to a tendency to abandon the home and the church, or at least change their objects and purposes to provide little, if any, religious atmosphere.

As a matter of fact, at the present time there is quite a marked tendency to challenge these institutions. There are some who, if

they do not advocate their abolition, prophesy that it will not be long before the home and the church will be memories of the past.

They point to the tendency to do outside of the home everything which once was a part of the activity of the home. Education, recreation and worship, which formerly occupied exalted places in the

home, are fostered almost entirely by other institutions. In fact,

eating and sleeping away from home is coming to be quite common.

Someone has said that the modern home is a place from which to leave, rather than a place to come to.

Robert Colley Angell, in the March number of the Forum, in an article entitled "Roots of College Evils,"has this to say on this subject:

"Nowadays, the parents, distracted by other duties and absorbed in their own pleasures, turn the larger share of the task of education over to the schools; while the

children do not find the learning process adventurous enough to compete with the more colorful pursuits at hand. * * * A quiet evening in the family circle, talking,

reading, or playing games is a rare exception in modern American life. Parents as well

as children find their amusement elsewhere after the evening meal."

Mr. Angell has treated the lack of education and recreation in

the modern home. It might be added that worship, or the fostering

of the religious life of the family, has also been turned over to other agencies. Family prayer, the blessing of the food, scripture readWEEK-DAY RELIGIOUS EDUCATION 477

ing and discussion, seem to find but little place in the modern

American home.

As to the church, many debates have been going on relative to the question, "Why go to church?"The fact that there is a question about it is an evidence of a tendency to challenge the church.

It at least indicates that the church is not filling the modern need.

Henry Sloanc Coffin, in his little book. What is There In

Religion? gets his question to the front by saying:

"Shortly after the Armistice, a group of young people in a town on the banks of the

Hudson were discussing the state of the universe, and they were mentioning factors to be counted upon in the remaking of a shattered world. One spoke of religion, and was

abruptly challenged with the question: 'What is there in religion anyhow?'"

Attention is called to these matters merely for the purpose of showing that the teaching of the Christian religion, which once was accomplished through the aid of all of the five major institutions mentioned, is now carried forward almost wholly by the church.

As to whether this development is fraught with good or bad results remains to be seen. However, in view of the very great importance attached to the home by the Latterday Saints, the tendency

to give but little attention to religion in the home is looked upon with great alarm. As to the club, the shop, and the school, the

disregard for the championing of religion is due, undoubtedly, to practical conditions. These institutions are of a public or semipublic nature, and in a land where everyone may have his own church

and his own religious views without interference, there seems to be very good reason to look with disfavor upon any practice with which all could not agree. In fact, there has grown up in America

this understanding:

1. That sectarian instruction shall not be given in public institutions.

2. That sectarian influence shall not be permitted in public institutions.

3. That public funds shall not be used for sectarian purposes.

4. That no one shall be compelled to attend or support any worship against his

will.

The result of this survey of conditions leads to at least one major conclusion, and that is that the church must shoulder the burden, almost wholly, of giving the needed religious training to the people of America. Church leaders all over America are sensing

this responsibility keenly, and many worthwhile movements have been launched to take care of the situation.

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, briefly, is doing the following:

1. For the home: Providing home evening programs, sending teachers to th<

home, urging religious exercises in the home.

478 IMPROVEMENT ERA

2. For the club: Providing priesthood fraternal orders and mutual improvement organizations.

3. For the shop: Providing and applying gospel principles in business relationships.

4. For the school: Providing agencies whereby the academic educational work

of its members may have a religious setting.

5. For the Church itself: Providing ordinances, sacraments and instruction which

distinctly give opportunity for worship.

All of the foregoing has been reviewed with the aim of providing a historical background for the purpose of this article, which is to show the objects and purposes behind the establishment and maintenance of weekday religious education in the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints.

To the student of the history of the school in America, the following fundamentals are well known:

1. As heretofore indicated, early American education was essentially religious.

2. The establishment of public schools added significance to the separation of

church and state and emphasized the importance of safeguarding those schools against the influence of sectarianism.

3. The subsequent development of public schools more and more forced the

religious elements out of the curriculum.

The reading of the Bible has been abolished in some states, although in others it may be read without comment. Prayer is

permitted in school in some states, while prohibited in others.

There is no question that all of these steps tending to dismiss religious instruction from the schools have been taken in good faith to meet practical situations. There could probably have been no

other way out.

This was the condition which prompted the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints to promote weekday religious education, and so there was set up the Religion Class organization for elementary school pupils and the Seminary for high school and college students. In other words, this Church is aiming to give to its boys

and girls religious education so closely affiliated with the public school program that the training they get in the religion classes and seminaries will be considered a part of their weekday educational program. If this is adequately accomplished, two farreaching problems are solved:

1. One of the five great institutions of American civilization (the school) will,

in effect, again promote the Christian religion, and the thousands of Latterday Saint boys and girls who are happy to belong to the American system of education will again be taught to "serve the God of the land, who is Jesus Christ."

2. At the same time, the great American system of education will be safeguarded

and kept free from sectarian control.

The ideal, of course, has not been reached by these two agencies

WEEKDAY RELIGIOUS EDUCATION 479

of weekday religious education. It might be said that only a start

has been made, but the future may bring some startling developments. Other churches of other states are establishing similar classes.

For example, in 192526 the school authorities of the City of White

Plains, New York, adopted a plan of dismissing certain school children in elementary grades once each week to enable them to receive ieligious instruction, according to their several denominations, outside the schools. This action was taken in response to a very general

sentiment among the citizens and was endorsed by practically all the clergy. Each parent was permitted to determine whether his children were to receive such instruction or not, and, if so, the place

where given. The period selected was the last thirty minutes of the

school day on Wednesday-—one not devoted to recitation, but a

study, helping, or reading period.

Certain factions disapproved of this arrangement, and suit was brought to discontinue the practice. The Appellate Division of the

Supreme Court of New York, in January of last year, sustained the practice. It held that the rule adopted by the school did not violate

the local constitutional provisions forbidding the school authorities to use its property or credit or money in aid of any religious denomination. It held also that the practice did not violate the compulsory education law, which provided that the children should

remain in school for the "entire time"the schools were in session.

The court further said:

"The Legislature has not been unmindful of the rights or interests of parents relative to the guidance and control of their children. * * * When the wish of parents for weekday religious instruction for their children involves no serious interruptions

to school attendance, the state can have no purpose to defeat it."(See People vs. Graves.)

As stated, many churches in America today are establishing these weekday classes of religion, and the future may bring what is truly hoped for, that all America will "serve the God of the land, who is Jesus Christ."

In the words of Henry Sloane Coffin, who answers the query, "What is there in religion anyhow?"the Christian religion will give

to the life of an individual, "refreshment, cleansing power, illumination, fertility, buoyancy, serenity and adventure, beauty, division and unity, change and permanence."

Dying "Words of an Infidel Voltaire: "I am abandoned by God and man, I will give you half of what I am

worth."said he to his physician, Dr. Trochin, "if you will give me six months of life."

When told that his life could not be restored, he replied. "Then I shall go to hell."

An ancient Sycamore watches over the changing fortunes of the Santa Barbara mission.

It has been rebuilt several times, the present structure being the fourth to occupy the site.

Santa Barbara Mission Rises From the Ashes Elizabeth Cannon Porter EE Naples and die, but come to Santa Barbara to live,"says the witty Irish priest who shows visitors through the Santa(QJ*

Barbara mission. (One suspects that he answers to the name of

Father Michael.)

The town, which has been rebuilt since the earthquake of the summer of 1925, has the charm of Mexico, the beauty of Spain, but it is all as new as paint. Early Spanish navigators said that the air

was dehsioso and remarked on the wealth of wild roses. Today

the place is smothered in orange blossoms. The homes gleam like

white Greek temples amid the foliage. In the spring, when the

prune orchards of the Santa Clara valley surge into billows of white foam, the inhabitants celebrate the "Feast of Blossoms."

The Mission Building Since it was founded, in 1786, the Santa Barbara mission has been continuously occupied. It is the only one of the 21 Franciscan

missions in California that has. The "Sacred Flame"has never been

extinguished from its altar, although, after two serious earthquakes, services were held in the garden. The present structure is the fourth

to occupy the site. Its walls, six feet thick, were put up by the

Indian converts. The walls are of yellow stucco, with fluted

colonnades of pink, and lovely arched cloisters edged with palms.

Training the Indians Like the Latterday Saints under Brigham Young in Utah, the padres treated the Indians kindly. The missions claimed the conversion of 97,000 Indians. While they were saving their souls,

the Spanish priests did much to improve their convert's physical condition. They brought water in an aqueduct. A large fountain

and trough served as a laundry for the Indian women. Horses,

cattle and sheep were raised near the mission. Vineyards were

planted; grain harvested. Indian converts made roof tile, tanned

leather for sandals and saddles, made cabinets. The women learned

to weave and sew. Spanish, not Irish, stew was served from an

immense iron kettle. A steel oven was used for the baking of bread.

Cultural Elements The museum, a couple of rooms in the cloisters, discloses a 482 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Steinway piano brought around Cape Horn, the purse and records of Father Junipero Serra, the little hard bed on which Father Salvatierra, of Ramona fame, slept for 42 years. One padre taught the

Indians to sing by making the notes different colors. This antedates the montessori system by 150 years. Other objects of interest

are Indian sculpture, Italian mosaics, illuminated manuscripts, costly embroidered vestments, priceless lace, and a basket of the last inhabitant of San Nicolas island. There is a telescope and surveyor's

instruments presented by the Emperor Maximilian of Mexico.

The Church Itself On the ceiling of the long, narrow church are Indian wooden replicas of Thor's Thunder bird. On the walls hang large paintings

brought from palaces of Spain. Over the altar is a lovely statue

of Santa Barbara, the seventeenyear-old virgin martyr for whom the mission is named and on whose birthday it was founded. The

name Santa Barbara was given, in 1602, to channel, mainland and islands by a Carmelite Friar who accompanied Vizcaino, the second

Spanish explorer to visit the coast.

Santa Barbara was a Roman maiden of rank, born in the third century in Nicomedia, northern Asia Minor. She embraced Christianity and interceded with her father, a Roman general, in behalf

of the Christians persecuted by the Emperor Maximinus. Her

father slew her. Thereafter she was proclaimed a martyr and was

venerated as patroness against thunder, lightning, firearms, and sudden death.

Art Work Uncovered by Earthquake

That earthquakes, like clouds, may have a silver lining was proved, when, in the earthquake of three years ago, wooden wainscoting broken down disclosed rarely beautiful, painted dadoes, in pink and blue and all their pristine coloring. Also heavy planking

on the floor protected tiles of rare workmanship. Those in charge

did not know that they were there, so long ago had they been when the mission was going through an Indiancovered-—probablyinsurrection, or secularization. Although dedicated to peace, the

flags of four nations have floated over the mission: that of Spain,

Mexico, the Bear Flag Republic and (after the gold rush) the stars and stripes of Old Glory.

In a Monastery Garden "If any of you ladies wish to enter the Sacred Garden, you will have to become the wife of a president of the United States,"smiled our guide in the brown Franciscan robe. Only reigning queens

and wives of presidents may enter its portals. Being forbidden,

SANTA BARBARA MISSION RISES PROM THE ASHES 483

Left: The restored front of the mission. Right: The patio of the Museum, where relics

of the Santa Barbara Indians are kept.

it immediately becomes infinitely desirable. I believe that President Polk's wife was the only woman who took advantage of her

privilege. Mrs. Roosevelt did not avail herself of the opportunity,

and Mrs. Harding was indisposed when her illustrious husband

visited the mission.

The Cemetery The bodies of 4000 Indians are buried in trenches in the cemetery garden east of the church. Here is the tomb of Captain

Dan L. Hill, the first to sail around the Horn. There is also a vault

for the repose of the Franciscans who die at the mission.

Transplanted Floriculture Most wonderful are the trees which have been brought from over all the world and assembled in this salubrious spot. Oldest are

California's Sequoias, named for a Cherokee chief. They are the

oldest living things in the world today, for these "big trees"are six thousand years old. Latest addition to the garden is an olive

tree planted by the Crown Prince of Belgium when he toured this country with his parents after the world war. It has just come

484 IMPROVEMENT ERA

into bearing. Next in interest is a weeping willow brought as a

slip from the tomb of Lafayette. The first pepper tree hails from

Peru and the navel orange is also an import from South America, its habitat being Brazil. The strange, barkshedding Eucalyptus

comes from Australia; Valencias from Spain; lemons from Italy;

grapes from France; dates from Persia; and flowering shrubs from

Mexico.

Cabrillo, Discoverer of California

Seventyeight years before the Pilgrims landed on Plymouth

Rock, a Portuguese navigator, Juan Rodriguez Cabrillo, flying the

Spanish flag, and in the employ of Cortez, sailed into the harbor of San Diego. Cortez, who, in the vicissitudes of the Retreat of the

Dismal Night and the enmity of Guatemoc, nephew of Montezuma, had lost much of the Aztec gold, was looking for new fields of treasure. Cabrillo also sailed into San Pedro harbor, the Santa

Barbara channel, and the bay of Monterey. In fact, he sailed into

and out of every harbor he came across and discovered most of the islands off the California coast. All this when Columbus was

scarcely cold in his grave. Encountering severe storms at Monterey,

he sailed back to Santa Barbara to spend the winter. Here, on the

island of San Miguel, he kept his tryst with death. He is buried there

and he never returned from the Empire of the Sun he had discovered.

A falling mast broke his shoulder and he did not recover from the injury.

Other Explorations

Followed Sir Francis Drake, the English gentleman adventurer who made friends with the Indians, and Sebastian Vizcaino, a

Spaniard with four ships. But it was not till 166 years later, when

the Russians were coming in from the north, that the first real colonizing by Spain was done.

Gasper de Portola, Governor of Lower California, and Junipero

Serra, a brilliant Franciscan Friar, journeyed with a wellequipped expedition to San Diego. Here they established the first mission

in upper California. Leaving Serra there, Portola traveled by land

to the north and discovered the Bay of San Francisco. When his

party returned to San Diego, they found that disease and death had weakened the little settlement and that no Indians had been converted. As the supply ship had not arrived, Portola ordered

the return to Mexico. Serra, deeply interested in the saving of

souls of the heathen, protested. What occurred seemed an answer

to prayer, an accomplishment of faith. Portola ordered the departure on March 20. On the evening before, at sunset, as the

SANTA BARBARA MISSION RISES FROM THE ASHES 485

Franciscans besought divine help, a sail appeared on the horizon.

The relief ship, San Antonio, had arrived.

The Woman ov San Nicolas Island

A story more wierd than that of Robinson Crusoe, more wonderful than that of the Swiss family, Robinson, is that of the Indian woman who spent more than eighteen years alone on San Nicolas island, off the Santa Barbara coast. She had no man Friday—no

even the child that, mother like, shehuman companions—not

risked her life to save. Her sole companion was a dog. Yet she

established housekeeping arrangements that would put marooned men to shame.

It was decided to transport the Indians of the islands to the mission at Santa Barbara. A ship was sent to San Nicolas and the

tribe was gathered together and put on board. Just before the

ship sailed an Indian woman missed her baby. She jumped overboard and swam back. As a great storm had arisen, the ship went

WKyr, B

3H> f S

BPrH B InP Left: An olive tree planted by the Crown Prince of Belgium, the latest acquisition to the

cemetery garden. In this space, peppers from South America. Eucalypti from Australia, oranges

from Spain, and oleanders from the Hoiy Land meet on common ground. Right: In the

cemetery garden 4,000 Indians and a former governor of California lie buried. A vault in a

corner is a repository for the bodies of the Franciscan monks.

486 IMPROVEMENT ERA

on without her. Eighteen years later, a boat put in at the island.

The sailors witnessed a strange sight.

"Awaiting them at the water's edge, was a creature that resembled nothing else so much as a huge human bird. It was the forgotten woman of San Nicolas, clad in a robe of feathers which

she had woven from the wings and backs of wild birds and seafowl.

She had made a hut of whalebones, covered it with brush and had built a brush fence around it to shelter her little home from the winds of the sea. She had a plentiful supply of food from abalone

and other fish. She was a skilful weaver and had made many

baskets from grass fiber. Her method of killing seal was to hunt

them at night, stealing up to them and killing them with stones.

Her fish lines were made from flesh of seals and her hooks from abalone shells. She had become very skilful in catching birds.

On being taken to the mainland, the woman survived onlv six weeks, but her rescuers waxed rich on the vast quantities of otter and seal which they discovered on the island.

Regeneration of the Savages The Santa Barbara Indians were rather superior to some of the other tribes of California. They had robes of rabbit skins and canoes

and fishing implements. They also constructed rude huts for shelter.

Of agriculture, they had none. The fathers taught them to raise

wheat, barley, corn, lentils, peas and beans. They clothed them,

trained them, educated them, taught them religion and morals. Before the coming of the white men, the Indians of the "land of bright

colors"were a wretched, naked, customless people. Perhaps the

greatest thing that the missions did was to get them to abolish warfare.

Founding of Santa Barbara The Franciscan missions, 21 of them, extend from the Harbor of the Sun to the Valley of the Seven Moons. They are connected

King's miles of it,by El Camino Real—the Highway—700

glamourous with romance. It was planned that they should be a

day's journey apart, (they had swift horses in those days). Of

these missions, many are in ruins; two have been totally obliterated.

Santa Barbara was the tenth mission to be founded. Father Serra

had established nine. He died at Carmel, on the gray coast of

Monterey, before Santa Barbara was started, but he already had located the presidio at Santa Barbara and made friends with large tribes of Indians, blessed the water and dedicated the land.

El Camino Real The King's Highway is strewn with wonders, says John S.

McGroarty, author of the Mission play.

SANTA BARBARA MISSION RISES FROM THE ASHES 487

Of all the missions of California, Santa Barbara alone has never been abandoned. Its altar

flame has never gone out. After the earthquake, in 1925, services were held temporarily in

the garden.

"White peaks of glory and sunset shores of dream, yucca and poppy on the upland slopes, gardens deep with roses in each valley's heart, brown roadsides hushed with ruined fanes; and here and there,

a mouldered cross upon a haunted hill.

"Ofttimes, mayhap, there be those that wander there whom the eyes of mortal cannot Francis, with sandaled feet, and see—St.

Brother Juniper, his beloved disciple, searching for hungry mouths and ragged beggars and tossed, sorebeaten souls; Portola, in plumed

hat and slashed breeches, haunting the brown hill that made him immortal; Father Serra, harkening to the Mission bells when the

Angelus is ringing; the souls of Argonauts, seeking again the golden

fleece; deepsea sailors, tatooed and swart, with rings in their ears;

and, in the soft, deep glory of the summer night, Juan de Ayala. on

the deck of the San Carlos, the first to sail through the Golden

Gate."

Los Angeles, California Conquering the English Channel

By Claude C. Cornwall

than fifty years ago adventurous swimmers tried theirMOREskill and endurance at the objective of swimming the English Channel. The first woman to win honors at this

arduous task was Miss Gertrude Ederle, who, in 1926, used a crawl stroke and succeeded in crossing from Calais to Dover in a little more than fourteen and a half hours. In the same year Mrs. Mille

Gade Corson, mother of two children, swam the long distance in fifteen hours and twentyeight minutes. It was my happy privilege

to meet the Corson family, to play cage ball with the youngsters and to become rather intimately acquainted with this now famous swimming authority. Mr. Corson demonstrated his fondness for,

and ability at, sports by winning the Leviathan MidAtlantic championship in deck golf. This is a happy, genial family group.

Several years ago Mrs. Corson determined that she would attempt the channel, and commenced her strenuous training for the

big day. Her practice was done consistently, swimming in the

ocean waters on the eastern coast and improving her strokes and technique in the pools of New England. On the way back from

England, she kindly gave us a demonstration in the Leviathan pool, which was both interesting and educational, and it fell to my lot to be official announcer.

"Captain Webb was the first swimmer to conquer the channel, way back in 1875. He used the breast stroke and required nearly

22 hours for the journey from England to France, via the shark route,"I announced.

Mrs. Corson then swam two lengths of the pool, showing the

breast stroke.

"This same Captain Webb later lost his life in an attempt to swim the Niagara Falls. Then, in 1911, J. W. Burgess conquered

the channel with a side stroke. His time was an hour longer than

Captain Webb's,"I announced.

Mrs. Corson then showed the side stroke as it was used by Mr.

Burgess.

Then followed a demonstration of the trudgen, the modern stroke used by our speedy longdistance swimmers of the present time. I asked her to show us the rate of speed at which she crossed

the channel, and she swam with a steady, beautiful stroke, as even and graceful as a navy cruiser.

CONQUERING THE ENGLISH CHANNEL 489

"Just keep this going for fifteen hours and twentyeight minutes and you will be across the channel,"said the announcer.

I We were then shown how to eat while treading water.

handed Mrs. Corson a cup and a cracker and she balanced herself,

ate the cracker and drank from the cup.

"Now, when I was training to swim the channel,"said the announcer, "I used the dog paddle."

Mrs. Mille Gade Corson and her family posed atop of a giant Cage Ball on the Leviathan's

sun deck. Just after this picture was taken Mrs. Corson went to the swimming pool and

demonstrated the strokes she used in conquering the English Channel.

And Mrs. Corson showed the stroke familiar to most beginners:

then the "crab,"the "porpoise,""sea lion,"and "somersault."

Several hundred guests were thrilled by this perfect performance of an accomplished artist.

After crossing the channel by boat more than fifty times. I

began to appreciate the severe test which is placed upon a swimmer who faces conditions of cold water, fog and rough waves, for thirtyone miles. Mrs. Corson's perfect preparation enabled her to finish

in excellent physical condition. She said that toward the end she

was about to give up, when she thought of how many dishes she would have to wash if she didn't make it. and that spurred her on to a

final triumph.

490 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Day after day, on the deck, I had opportunity to visit with the

Corsons. I would give the children some blocks or toys and start

them at a game and then would talk with Mrs. Corson about her

life's work, her ideals and plans for the future. She enjoyed most to

talk about the children, their education, their bringing up. We

would be interrupted occasionally (patiently always) to answer the questions of the youngsters or to help the game go on. Mrs.

Corson believes that all young women should be encouraged to develop themselves physically with the objective only of attaining good health, proper posture and physical fitness. She does not believe in the exploitation of women in athletic sports, but rather

that charm, intelligence and a devotion to home and family life are qualities mostly to be desired.

The Dawning

Early in the morning, before folks are awake.

When the birds begin to twitter and the dawn begins to break.

Leave your tempting blankets, and an early vigil keep,

To watch the world come back again from the shadowland of sleep.

First the stars grow dimmer, then one by one they fade,

And in the east 'tis lighter by just a single shade.

Along the rugged mountaintop, a living fringe of trees.

if you please And just along this ragged line—notice,

Close to the trees and rugged rocks, a strip of light is curled.

A narrow rim of yellow light, just on the edge of the world.

And as you view this narrow rim, in the darkness of the night.

You know the sun is shining there, just beyond your sight.

The gospel, like this light, now shines upon a sleeping world.

And those who early rise may watch while glories are unfurled.

Perhaps they'll see the stars of earth grow dimmer one by one,

Perhaps life's ragged edge they'll see, clearcut against the sun.

At first 'tis but a little light, against the darkness thrown,

Along the ragged rim of life, a ray of promise shown,

But when, through darkness, you can see this ray of living light,

You know that glory shineth there, just beyond your sight.

M. J. HILL The Charm of Tithing By Albert R. Lyman

full tithe is a pleasure, not a burden. If future destiniesTHEshould be unveiled, showing the glorious place and privilege

to which some men will attain, every man seeing it would aspire with all his heart to reach that uppermost place. Into the

most searching test of his fitness he would enter without reservation of strength or comfort. Oh the wonder of an examination offering

eternal values to every man proving himself fit!

This is the great examination, the great test of the ages. The

elements around us and the very materials of which our bodies are made are organized primarily to prove our worthiness or unworthiness of promotion. Answering our immortal and implacable ambition to progress, our eternal Father said, "We will take of these

materials and make an earth whereon these may dwell, and we will prove them herewith to see if they will do all things the Lord shall command them. * * * And they who keep their second estate

shall have glory added upon their heads forever and ever."

The "materials"were to glitter before our eager grasp, we were to hold them in our hands, to prove ourselves by contact with them.

Cherishing his purpose of proving men, the Lord has said plainly what he requires while they are in contact with these proving elements. In one of his commandments, referring directly to the

materials he places within the individual grasp of men, the Lord says, "I require onetenth of their interest annually."That is the law

of tithing. It seems simple and easy enough, and many find keen

charm in carrying it out to the very letter. Others, of seemingly

equal intelligence, cheat it, stumble over it and call it difficult or unfair.

All that we hold has been placed in our hands for this proving.

"A man hath nothing except it be given him of God."Soon it

will slip from our grasp, even though we succeed in clutching it till our fingers are palsied in death.

Think of it, brother, and get the true spirit of the contest. Pay

tithing in answer to the immortal ambition which brought you on this pilgrimage to the "materials of earth,"and the labor will be supremely sweet, as renewed promises of "glory added on your head forever and ever."

Blanding, Utah Tacti1CS By Ida Stewart Peay Tom Dalby looked quizzically at his consequently she knew they were going wife from across the luncheon table. He She had learned by experience that when

admitted to himself that he did not love Tom proposed anything the plan for its her less because she had hurried through accomplishment had been worked out her morning toilet, omitting all the little previously in his mind.

touches which made her at times so ex- "Bet your life,"Tom responded wholequisite. She was delightfully lovely, anyheartedly. "We really ought to leave here

way; her wonderful, dark eyes, her creamy by fivethirty to give us plenty of time

needfor any little detaining incident whichskin, her sensitive, red mouth—theseed nothing to enhance their lure. Still the might arise—

little things counted for much and Tom "For example, old cautious?"Kate

realized that he was continually wishing teased.

Kate would find time for them. Every "Oh, I suppose we can make it if we

morning he started the fire, prepared the leave by sixthirty,"Tom laughed a trifle breakfast, swept the kitchen, and did a sheepishly. "I'll take the car to the garage

number of small jobs to save time for her, with me now and have it put in shape so yet the hours slipped by and she was alwhen I get out at six I can drive right ways crowded. down. If you are ready, we can hop off

These wandering thoughts in the back 'instanter.'We'll take dinner at Shaws."

of the man's mind were soon routed; his "Fine!"Kate clapped her hands; her

wife's grace of movement and quick smile gayety was like a child's. It was an imas she served his meal brought other mense pleasure to take Kate any place, she

thoughts racing. Kate had a charm; there was so naively enthusiastic. The joy of

was no doubt of that. She thrilled him every amusement brought the starshine,

as no other woman ever could; and he as Tom called it, into her deep, dark

had not been the only man to admire eyes, and bubbling expressions of delight her. He would always marvel that he to her lips.

outrivaled that magnetic giant, Samuelson, Some haunting memory, however, and rich Jack Sloan; and there had been turned Tom about, before he had proothers, plenty of others. Tom considered ceeded to the edge of the porch. "Be sure

himself a lucky chap to have won such a you're ready at sixthirty, dearest, won't prize. you?"he said quickly.

When he finished eating he settled himKate did not reply. She dropped her

self in the great chair—a most precious head slightly forward in a hurt posture;possession—and beckoned to the woman her eyes reproached.

of his choice. He was suffused with pleasThe man dashed back to fold her in his

ure when she came shyly, roguishly into arms in a gesture of apology. "Of course,

his arms for their daily lovefeast. It was you'll be ready,"he affirmed warmly, redifficult to put an end to such bliss, even gretfully. "Goodbye, darling, so long."

for a time, but, knowing that he must get It was harder every day to leave Kate back to work, Tom soon made ready to at noon, Tom reflected, becoming exleave. travagantly kind in his thoughts of his

"Are you going to take me to the city wife as he raced to his place of business.

to the big show, tonight?"his wife inHis love amounted to adoration. How

quired, more to detain him a moment or could he say those little mean things to two longer than in any desire for inhurt her? It was contemptible of him;

formation. Tom had already spoken of it. he felt ashamed. Of course, she had faults;

TACTICS 493

everybody had. He had expected to find arranging a curl. "I don't know,"she

faults in her, but God forbid that he remarked.

should find fault with her. He wanted Tom hunted in every room before he

his life with Kate to be ideal. It was found the elusive footwear. Then because

unendurable to think of them becoming other things of Kate's were in mischievous quarrelsome like some married couples he hiding her toilet progressed slowly. Finally

knew. Tom consulted his watch; it was sixAlthough Tom persisted in his magforty-five. "Why weren't you ready,

nanimousafternoon—unawarereflections thatabouttherehis waswife anyall Kate?"ing his annoyance.He could not refrain from display-

"hoodoo"in such a procedure—he did Kate gave him a bright smile. "Didn't

his work with his customary precision you notice the kitchen?"she asked inand was ready to leave his store two credulously.

minutes before six o'clock. According "Why, no."

to his prearrangement, his car was in con- "Just like a man."

dition and waiting for him in a garage a Tom went into the kitchen to investifew doors distant. Tom jumped into it gate. Of all things! Everything, indeed,

and whirled away. He could reach home was spotless. He had failed to observe it

in two minutes, he thought; then he as he scampered through the room a few

could dash into the house, doff his clothes, minutes before. The shelves were clean

bathe, shave and redress in the remaining and white, the floor was scoured, the time and be ready to leave at sixthirty stove was polished, the windows gleamed, as he had planned. Even then there would the ruffled curtains were freshly done. "It

be barely time to get to the show house looks mighty fine in there,"he told his at eightfifteen as it would require at least wife a moment later, trying not to speak an hour for the dinner. grudgingly; "mighty fine; but, honey, the

Abounding with energy, Tom made the afternoon is no time for such a job kitchen door in six or eight jumps. He especially when we are going out."

started to run through the house in search "When is the time, pray?"There was

of Kate, but came to an abrupt stop before edge to Kate's voice.

the bath room door; a telltale splashing "Forenoon,"said the methodical Tom,

of water was plainly to be heard. doggedly.

"Aren't you ready, dear?"he called, "You mean you would do it before

all his disappointment finding vent in a noon,"Kate returned.

chiding tone of voice. "Most any good housewife would;

"I'll be ready as soon as you are,"was there's a time for everything."

the slightly aggrieved answer. "Indeed!"Kate was in high dudgeon.

"But I'll have to wait for the bath "No doubt there's a time when you like room,"Tom's tone betrayed his deep to do your work and you do it at that vexation. After he had laid out his clothes time; I wouldn't think of interfering with

and curbed his impatience about ten minyou. Likewise I'll do mine when I please;

utes, Kate came scurrying out, enveloped I like to work in the afternoon."

in a colorful silk robe. "Or at night,"twitted Tom, remember-

"I shan't be two minutes,"she avowed ing that Kate had cleaned her kitchen after cheerfully. dark last week, when he had tickets for

Tom rushed through his preparations a baseball game.

without further words. In spite of the "Are you going to dictate to me when

delay, he was clean and into his clothes on I do my work?"Kate blazed.

scheduled time. Kate was not ready. "Why, no, dear; but don't you think

"Can't I help you?"Tom asked of his you're rather arbitrary to waste your mornwife as he waited. "Where are your slipings and work afternoons? Then you're

pers?"not ready to receive callers, or to go out

Dreamyeyed and unhurried Kate was in the evening with me, if we have an 494 IMPROVEMENT ERA

engagement."Tom blundered on detergrowing; it was paying him a comfortable

mined to try to show Kate the folly of salary.

her lack of routine. "Your habits interRecently he had been wondering howfere with your own pleasure—he could get ahead of the game—as he "And yours?"violently. put it to himself—lay something away

emergencies, or buy a home. This thought "Well,—"conceding—"but that isn't for

had really been developing in his mind,the point, exactly, there's your reputation unobtrusively, since the day of his maras—

riage; now that he had a child to plan

"That's enough,"Kate stopped him, for, the idea was occupying a prominent her eyes flashing; "I'll do my work when place in his daily speculations. He beand how I wish, and I'll neither work nor lieved that if he could get Kate even to

play on the tick of the clock as you do, consent to cooperate with him he could old Philias Fogg; you may as well know manage. Finally he divulged his ambition

it now as later."She was very brave and to her. Not until he had spoken did he

defiant for a moment, but the next inrealize how firmly intrenched was his destant she had covered her face and was sire. "Kate, you know that Harvery place,

sobbing with irritation. "Oh, why did on Elm street?"he said.

you marry me? You knew I was not "That darling little bungalow that is

like you. Minnie Lee is your type; she all windows and verandas?"Kate inquired,

wouldn't sneeze out of the allotted time her face lighting instantly with curiosity for sneezing if it were to save her life."and anticipation. "And has a flower

Tom burst out laughing and swiftly garden and climbing roses on the south and repented. When he realized that he had a lovely little garden in the back?"

really precipitated a quarrel, he was deeply "That same,"smiled Tom.

scornful of his behavior. He apologized, "What about it?"Kate demanded

wiped away Kate's tears, soothed, caeagerly, perching herself upon Tom's knee ressed, and praised her. It should never with the assurance of one well beloved.

happen again. "How would you like to live there?"

Of course, they were late for the play, Tom grinned enigmatically.

although they went without dinner. Kate's "Oh, Tom, you magnificent marvel!

pleasure in the evening was unmarred; Are you actually going to buy me that

Tom was obliged to fight for peace of love of a nest? It's my pick of the whole

mind whenever his thoughts reverted to town. Tom you're a wonder and a dehis thwarted plan. light! I didn't know you had a cent of

After Tom and Kate's life had gone money. Where did you get it? When

on together for sometime, there loomed can we move in?"

before Tom a much greater problem than "Not so fast,"Tom stopped her,

Kate's irregular habits, although he conalarmed; "I didn't say I was going to

sidered the difficulty an actual outgrowth buy it for you."

of them. Because of Kate's hostility to "But why did you raise my hopes?"

plans or methods of any kind she and Tom "I just asked you if you would like to had not cooperated in the management live there; now, let's take one step at a

of their financial affairs. This fact had time."

worried Tom all the time. He was quite "All right; and I said I would—thataware of his limitations; he was not and I was wild about it—what then? Can't

never would be a great financier. He you buy it for me, dear?"

knew he would probably not make a large "Do you suspect me of having a fairy amount of money, ever. A few years Godmother?"

before he was married, he had started a "But it isn't like you to suggest the small business without capital; tireless impossible, Tom."

work and excessive prudence had brought "No; and I haven't. I can't buy it for

success. The business was very surely you, because, you know if you stop to

TACTICS 495

ihink, I have no money put away; but you "With my nose to the grind stone, I and I together can buy it, and move in suppose; no rest, no leisure—

there as soon as we like.""By no means; method and regularity,

"Tom, you riddle! How, pray? I with reasonable variation, makes work

haven't any money."simple, insures leisure; I would need an

"I believe,"Tom began, treading ginextra clerk at the store if all the work gerly, "I believe if we made a budget and were not planned very carefully; in fact,

economized a little, we could buy it on almost to the minute."

money—outthe installmentof theplan moneyout of our living "Explain just how you would organize now—I am making my"Remember,work for meI promisedto do alone."to help,"Tom

"Oh, Tom, those horrid old budgets! I defended.

despise them. simply are so They to organize nig- "And so."do it—now gardly. all are spending we We make "To begin with, we'd send the laundry

fact, little in a right now; we're more, away from the house Monday morning. still owing on our silver candle sticks, We'd engage a nurse maid to take care

and on our down quilt, and on those of the baby whenever you wish to leave Japanese vases."

him. Then, to accomplish our daily

"We can stop buying things of that routine, we'd need to get up at a certain sort for a while. you rather Wouldn't time every six o'clock."morning—say, have of your a home own than those Kate's pretty derision, mouth registered but 'nicknacks'—a home and a garden where Tom proceeded, a picture of the little

sonny can play out in the sunshine, and house and realization that there was no where we can have flowers and fresh other way to obtain it, luring him on. "I

vegetables?"could easily help you two hours. In that

"It seems like I would, but I don't time, with both of us on the job, we could know until I understand better what is get quite a bit of the day's work done, meant by that budget system. I've heard couldn't we?"

people talking about it, but so far I've "Perhaps, but long how before you tire of failed to comprehend just what it i9. And would that strenuous program?"how can we economize? Why, we are

just barely living decently, now.""Not until the house was paid for,"

declared Tom. "I'm putting in almost "We could live about as well but a

little more consistently; we have three as much time now in a haphazard way because doesn't Fanny keep things very up

as times to spend much at present a9 we well, and day does the at begin not my first the year ofhad our marriage."

store until eight o'clock. Besides, most

"But we have sonny, now, and I have people in ordinary circumstances are comto keep a maid,"Kate said. pelled to make a few sacrifices to secure

"When we get in that little, new a home of their own."

bungalow, where everything is convenient, "Anything else?"slurred Kate.

we can manage differently.""Yes; then we'd need to budget our

"How do you mean?"expenses,"Tom continued, not noticing

"If I helped as I used to when we were her irony.

first married, and if your work were or- "Explain that budget business,"said ganized, we could let Fanny go; that Kate.

would save us enough to pay half of each "We'd merely itemize our expenditures installment on the house."and divide our income to cover them con-

"What do you mean about my work sistently; then we would not allow ourbeing organized? I'll just have you explain selves to spend more than the budget called

that for once,"Kate blinked with forced for in any one of the various items. For

patience. example, if we decided on sixty dollars a

"Done regularly and methodically."month for groceries we would plan in such

496 IMPROVEMENT ERA

a manner that we would not be obliged he treated the household to all his old to exceed that amount."favorites, including "My Kate, my Kate,

"Oh, I see the whole thing,"Kate spoke my Bonny Kate."The subject of the

bitterly; "I would have no initiative. I morning was entirely forgotten. Indeed,

would simply have to walk a chalk line the days came and went and to Kate's great at a certain time in the morning, relief Tom made no further mention of-—get up

do a certain job at a certain time, buy organization, cooperation or budget.

certain things; if I wished to take a friend The change which came over Tom was

to dinner I'd be forced to consult my enso gradual that Kate scracely noticed it for tertainment item; I couldn't even drop several weeks. He began by being late for

into the picture show if my budget formeals, going late to work, and buying things bade."that Kate cared nothing about. She was not

"Exactly,"agreed Tom; "but isn't the particularly concerned; she trusted Tom,

home worth it? And remember, it is the fully considering that whatever he did had

only way."been carefully calculated and would come

"I couldn't walk into a store with any out all right. One Saturday night there

freedom or independence or selfrespect. was nothing left for her when all the

I wouldn't dare to buy a 'nicknack'no week's expenses were paid; Kate was puzmatter how lovely it was."zled but she soon dismissed it as a trifling

"You couldn't indulge your fancy for matter.

silver candle sticks and silk quilts,"deThe following Monday morning, Kate clared Tom. awoke at her usual time, about tenthirty,

"That's enough; we won't buy any and found Tom still sleeping. She hopped

home. I won't live that way and never up in alarm and ran to her husband's bed.

be able to say my soul is my own. I "Good gracious, Tom, you've over

won't have my time and my habits and slept; it's tenthirty. Aren't you well?

my tastes regulated and circumscribed. I What's the matter?"

won't crawl through life in an old rut of Yawning drowsily, the man finally a routine. I'd go mad if I were forced crawled out. His wife repeated her questo get up at a certain time every moriv tions anxiously.

ing, do a certain thing at a certain hour "Oh, I'm as fit as a prize fighter,"he each day, buy certain things at a certain declared; "but, say, I did have a dandy

price day after day. I wouldn't be that snooze."

way for worlds! I hate methodical peo- "Who opened your store?"Kate was

ple."concerned.

Tom raised one eye significantly. "All "I suppose it's still closed,"opined

right; it's up to you,"he said. But sudTom; "Zeb may be there, but I have the

denly he became absorbed in speculation, key."

and in this mood went absentmindedly "You've lost money this morning, back to his work. haven't you?"

Kate cried a little when she found he "Sure thing; but it will be some recomhad left without kissing her goodbye; pense to eat breakfast with you."Tom

but she dried her eyes presently and read was nonchalant. He seemed to enjoy the

a book. She read until it was too late morning immensely. It was eleventhirty

to order the groceries for the evening meal; o'clock before he left for his place of

because of this negligence Fanny was business. Then he strolled home to lunch

obliged to go into town and thus the dinin the middle of the afternoon. "I've

ner was greatly delayed. decided not to go back again today, Zeb

However, as late meals were usual can look after things,"he told Kate. "Let's

occurrences, Tom was not at all disturbed. ride over to Mountain Dale and have a

In fact, as soon as he arrived home that trout dinner."

evening it was evident that he was in high "Our dinner for tonight is bought,"spirits. Song being his customary outlet, Kate resisted.

TACTICS 497

"It'll keep."been confident that Tom would be happy

"No, but it won't."to hear that she had asked to join the

"Let it spoil then,"Tom laughed gaily. town's most exclusive and worthwhile

"I want to get the good of my holiday: woman's club. She had counted on Tom

I haven't taken one for a long time."being delighted to learn that the club was

Tom and Kate went for the ride and giving a select dancing party in the near stayed out until a late hour. future. She had felt sure he would want

The next morning Kate did not open her to have a lovely new frock for the her eyes until eleven o'clock. To her occasion. She had also decided and meant

amazement her husband was still sleeping. to confide it to Tom, that adequately to

When she aroused him he appeared regretentertain this ultrafashionable group of ful. women she must make a lot of changes in

"Seems like I can't wake at a decent her living rooms before her turn to be hour any more,"he said in a selfcon- hostess rolled around. At that moment it

demnatory tone. popped into her head that it would be

"You're getting into the habit of overgrand to be installed in the lovely little sleeping,"Kate began chidingly, then she Harvey place on Elm Street by that time.

recalled that she slept late all of the time; She was beginning to wonder with a

it gave her pause. peculiar sinking of the heart if she had

"Looks like it,"Tom admitted. not let an opportunity slip by her.

"You'd better give the keys to Zeb, at But how could she mention these imleast,"Kate suggested.

possibleof-fulfilment schemes with Tom "I have; but, the you clever know, launched on ihis debauchery new time of

increasescamp his made me check."pay and Instead money? of adding pleasure chocked a little over that statementTom and achievement, likely it was that more

it passed.but

she would be taking in washings—she losing be "You'll money, won't you?"exaggerated bitterly to herself. What had "It looks that indifferently. way,"

over come Kate she so furious was Tom? "Well, good gracious—"angry and dared not trust herself to all speak againindignant Kate began to say a things few evening. She was not addicted to quarrelto up, then she all perceived of a stir Tom ing but held her tongue in check only by thatsudden little getting a was more Tom a effort. Herculean

like herself—she had always boasted that

she was indifferent to such sordid things While her rage cooled, she went over as work and money making. things in her mind. Half the night she

For the rest of the week Tom slept in stared into the darkness lost in deep rethe morning until Kate called him. Each flections. She went over the facts of her

night he was late for dinner. One evelife with Tom, one by one. Several times

ning he brought home an oddlooking her cheeks burned with a sudden remembundle. brance. Gradually the situation clarified.

"What's that?"Kate questioned susShe began to see and admire some qualities

piciously, holding back the glad cry with in Tom she had heretofore dismissed with which she had started to greet him and indifference. She began to understand him

the gratifying news she had to relate. a little better, to get his point of view.

"A fishing outfit. It cost forty dollars; Suddenly she saw through his uncommon

but it's a dandy. Look here!"Tom's behavior for the past few weeks.

eyes sparkled as he exhibited the good The upshot of her travail was that points of his purchase. when Monday morning rolled round again

"Humph!"Kate was openly con- a shiny new alarm clock buzzingly antemptuous in tone and expression. The nounced the day at exactly six o'clock.

very idea! Tom must be crazy. How Tom did not stir until Kate touched him

could she tell him her electrifying news and spoke—she was fully dressed and ready

with this damper on her spirits. She had for the business of the day.

498 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Don't you wish to get up and go The starshine was in her eyes as Tom to work?"she asked Tom. drew her to him to seal the bargain with

Tom looked at her out of the corner a kiss.

of his eye. "Blast that old routine, Kate, "Oh, I'm happy,"he murmured, thrilled

I believe I'm tired of it. And I don't and triumphant. "I'm going to hop to

want you to despise me."it now, believe me. We'll move into the

Kate was not without a sense of humor, Harvey place this very day,"he jumped her face broke into her most engaging up with his old energy.

smile. "I get you, Steve,"she chuckled, "I wonder if it is already sold?"Kate

using Tom's pet slang phrase. "Wouldn't held her breath in dismay at the thought.

you like to get back into the old routine "Yes, it is,"said Tom slyly; "but it

in order to own the little Harvey house is sold to Kate Dalby and I've made the on Elm Street?"she wheedled. first two payments."

"Couldn't get it alone."Tom's tone

grumbled, but there was a bright light in Kate marveled. It did not occur to her that Tom could have been merely prehis eyes.

"I'll help,"Kate whispered a trifle tending laxness in business, or that he could have borrowed from a friendlyshyly; "I'll organize and cooperate, and

his socalled neighbor purchases; merchant heart's tobudget the your content—if thing but she suddenly saw one and gave

is she shudalready sold—"house not

dered. a cry of delight. "Then, you believed

Tom looked at her dubiously, but in me all of the time!"she said, betraying her real concern.

wistfully. "Oh, I understand you—"Kate laughed "I'll tell the world!"and Tom kissed—"and I capitulate completely."her some more.

Spring Zephyrs

Softly and tenderly zephyrs are sighing,

Bearing sweet fragrance from spring's fresh, green earth;

Birds, happy birds, on their light wings are flying,

Singing their sweet songs of gladness and mirth.

Grasses and flowers are cheerily smiling;

Brooks, merry brooks, through the meadows e'er flow.

Dancing and singing and joyfully gliding,

Kissed by the sunbeams that sparkle and glow.

Branches are swinging, gracefully swinging.

Swayed by the breezes of fresh, balmy spring;

Keeping true time to their sighing and singing,

Bidding all creatures below join and sing.

Bees, busy bees, are sweet honey preparing;

Birds, joyous birds, are now building their nests;

Oh, the sweet joy that we mortals are sharing,

Thanks to kind heaven should fill all our breasts.

Logan, Utah Samuel B. Mitton

Messages from the Missions

"Behold, I say unto you that it is my will that you should go forth and not tarry, neither be idle but labor with your might, lifting up your voices as with the sound of a trump, proclaiming the truth according to the revelations and commandments which I have given you."

(Doctrine and Covenants 75:3. 4.)

Large Group Leaves Missionary Home

The missionaries shown in the picture tion of a supervisory committee: Elders

were in the Missionary Home, Salt Lake David O. McKay, Rulon S. Wells and

City, during January. There were apDavid A. Smith. Elder LeRoi C. Snow,

proximately eighty in the group, one of son of the late President Lorenzo Snow, the largest since the Home was opened, and his wife, who are standing at the left three years ago. The training course of in the picture, are in direct charge of the

two weeks is conducted under the direcHome.

GermanAustrian Mission Holds Convention and Memorial Exercises

A period of real inspiration and pleassides 153 missionaries of the Germanant experience for the elders of the GerAustrian mission, were President and Mrs.

manAustrian mission, was January 14 to Hugh J. Cannon of the SwissGerman

19, the occasion being a missionary conmission, Hon. A. T. Haeberle, U. S. Convention and the celebration of Dr. Karl sulGeneral, and wife, of Dresden, and

G. Maeser's 100th birthday anniversary. members and friends from East Prussia,

Mission President Hyrum \V. Valentine Stettin. Berlin, Breslau, Vienna, and sevpresided. Among those in attendance, beeral other neighboring towns. Such topics

500 IMPROVEMENT ERA

as "System,""Church Publications,"ConsulGeneral A. T. Haeberle, of Dres-

"Study,""New Missionaries,"etc., were den. The press was represented and gave

treated by different districts in the convery favorable writeups in the local papers, vention meetings. Monday afternoon a while the Associated Press heralded the

crowd of 980, missionaries, Saints and event throughout the civilized world.

curious townspeople, assembled in front Sister Rose Ellen B. Valentine directed

of the old Maeser home, Zscheilaer Str. the luncheon on Monday, Tuesday and

1 0, Meissen. With the friendly consent Wednesday, at which a total of 155 were

of the present owner, Mr. Robt. Bernock, served each day, cafeteria style. Friday

the house had been remodeled and decfound all elders returning to their various orated for the event. 'An important numfields of labor.

ber on the program was an address by

Left: The Maeser birthplace, Zscheilaer Str., 10, Meissen, Germany. Picture taken during the

Memorial Exercises.

Right: A part of the crowd in front of the Maeser Home at Memorial Exercises,

January 16, 1928.

Tour of California Mission Auxiliaries

"The auxiliary organizations of the Calnorthern California and in Nevada.

ifornia mission were recently visited Among the interesting experiences of the by a party of five missionaries, who made trip were invitations to attend weekly a complete tour of that mission in the luncheons of the Clarkdale and the Presinterest of their special work. The party cott Kiwanis clubs in Arizona; meetfirst went from Los Angeles to Arizona, ing with the Rotary club, in connection

where they visited ten branches; then to with the Mt. Lassen Area Council of Boy

Long Beach, San Diego and San BerScouts, at Gridley, California; and the

nardino districts, after which we spent opportunity of presenting our program six weeks in a tour of the branches in and M. I. A. play, "The Rescue,"before

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 501

more than three hundred nonmembers of good and were appreciated by every the Church at Winnemucca, Nevada, and audience. Approximately 5092 miles were

other cities. Elder Richard R. Lyman, of covered in the tour. Our auxiliary orthe Council of the Twelve and Assistant ganizations are functioning in a splendid

General Superintendent Y. M. M. I. A., way, and we feel that they will continue

saw the presentation of our program in the to grow in strength and influence for

Adams ward chapel in Los Angeles, and good."George H. Marchant, superintencongratulated us warmly. The musical dent mission Y. M. M. I. A. and Sunday

numbers of the program were exceptionally schools.

Missionaries Who Made Tour of California Auxiliaries

Left to right: George H. Marchant, superintendent Y. M. M. I. A. and Sunday schools,

Holliday, Utah; Arlene Ashcroft, president Y. L. M. I. A. and Primaries, Holbrook. Idaho;

Trulan O. Eyre. Murray, Utah; Maurine Gamctt, Pleasant Grove, Utah; Alexander O. Coleman, Rexburg, Idaho.

Rochester Holds Conference "The semiannual conference of Rotended services in Rochester and Buffalo.

chester district, Eastern States mission, Unusually favorable reports were made by was held in the early part of December. the branch presidents and the heads of the

President Henry H. Rolapp, with Mark auxiliary organizations. Steps were taken

K. Allen, mission secretary, and Sister Lola to organize a Mutual and Relief Society

R. Bradford, president of the mission Reat Palmyra, N. Y., where the beginnings

lief Societies, were the speakers at well atof what is hoped will develop into a strong 502 IMPROVEMENT ERA

organization are manifesting themselves. quate forerunner of a branch organization,

These plans have developed later into an probably next year."Mark K. Allen,

organization of the Relief Society and Mumission secretary.

tual combined, which will serve as an adtRochester District Missionaries

Front row, left to right: Lola Bradford, mission president Relief Societies: Mark K. Allen,

mission secretary; Henry H. Rolapp, president Eastern States mission; Floyd H. Wale, district

president; Florence Bushman. Second row: Delles W. Manning, Melvin C. Hamilton, Doris

Taylor, Daphne Smith, Lyle Shelton, Lester S. Scoville, Allan H. Stratford. Third row:

Eugene Millet, Wilburn C. West, Harold E. Davis.

District Presidents'Conference "An occasion of rejoicing, of testimony district president, the traveling elder, the bearing, of receiving and giving instrucChurch member, the investigator, the tions, and of discussing the needs and priesthood, the auxiliary organizations problems of the British mission, was the all these and many other related and recent District Presidents'Conference, at miscellaneous topics were treated, from mission headquarters, 295 Edge Lane, many different viewpoints, in open disLiverpool, Monday, January 16. The cussion. Mission President John A.

convention continued until Thursday at Widtsoe gave valuable instruction to those noon, comprising seven meetings in all. in attendance."- Richard L. Evans, assoThe mission, considered as a whole, the ciate editor Millennial Star.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 50 5

t/ f S f

Elders Attending District Presidents'Conference

Dr. John A. Widtsoe, president European missions; Leah D. Widtsoe, president of Relief

Societies of European missions; Seth W. Pixton, secretary and treasurer of European missions;

Ralph W. Chisholm, assistant secretary; Richard L. Evans, associate editor Millennial Star,

and the following district presidents; Birmingham, Heber J. Matkin; Bristol, Alma C.

Tranter; Hull. Richard D. Hooper; Leeds, Elmer O. Zollinger; Liverpool. David M.

Kennedy; London. Clinton L. Mills; Manchester, Kenneth A. Nielson; Newcastle. Orson H.

Berrett; Norwich, Alexander J. Bryan; Nottingham, Waldo L. Osmond; Scottish, William

Cook; Sheffield. Cecil B. Kenner; Ulster, Kendall D. Garff; Welsh, Nathaniel E. Parry.

There were present also five traveling elders on special assignment.

Sunday School of the Hana Branch, Maui District, Hawaiian Mission 504 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Banner Year in Maui, Hawaii From Hana, Maui, Hawaii, Elder J. C. Saints and missionaries of the East Maui

Harrington, president of the Maui district, district. Many baptisms were performed

writes: "The year 1927 was an outand many children blessed during the

standing one, in many respects, for the year."

New Zealand Going Forward "Considerable progress has been made attained in our tracting, and increased in the Wellington district in the last six interest shown in our regular services. The

months. Two Sunday schools have been elders and Saints always appreciate theorganized; two fine concerts have been Era."—John W. Dewey, president Wellgiven to help purchase a lot for the ington district, New Zealand mission.

Porirua branch; marked success has been

Elders of Wellington District, New Zealand

Standing, left to right: Shirley F. Jensen, Holliday, Utah; John W. Dewey, district president. Chapin. Idaho. Sitting: William P. Miller. Syracuse. Utah; J. Howard Jenkins,

mission president, Ogden, Utah; Elijah C. Allen, Mesa, Arizona.

Lamanite Children Accepting the Gospel

The L. D. S. missionaries are accomwhite and delightsome people is rapidly

plishing a wonderful work among the Lacoming to pass. During the last month

manite people of Arizona, according to a there have been eleven baptized, nine of report from Elder R. H. Stewart, who is

feel it a greatlaboring in that district. This is a part whom were converts. We

of the California mission. He says, "The privilege to help with the work at the

prophecy concerning their becoming a Indian school each Sunday."

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 505

Lamanite children, members of the L. D. S. Church, who are attending the Government

school at Phoenix, Arizona, in charge of Bishop and Mrs. Tiffany of the Papago ward.

Still Firm in the Faith

Walter Pring, of 33 Rathdrum Street,

Lisborn, Ireland, a venerable, active Latter-day Saint, who has seen much of life and has done his part in the spreading of the gospel in that part of the vineyard. He

was born May 28, 1847, and is now past 80 years of age. At the age of 13 he

went to sea on a merchant ship; and before

he was 15 he had enlisted in the British

Navy, where he served for many years.

While in Ireland, in 1887, he met a Latter-day Saint elder from Ogden, Utah, and was baptized on October 4, of that year. Since that time he has been an

active member of the Church, and for twenty years he has been engaged in local missionary work, distributing many tracts and other Church literature. He says,

"There have been many elders here who will be glad to know that I am still holding to the Iron Rod, and am in the best of health."

Nurch building byEdorA.Guest

God builds no churches! By His plan

That labor has been left to man.

No spires miraculously rise, No little mission from the skies

Falls on a bleak and barren place

To be a source of strength and grace.

The humblest church demands its price

In human toil and sacrifice.

Men call the church the House of There is no church but what proGod, claims

Towards which the toilstained The gifts of countless generous pilgrims plod names.

In search of strength and rest and Ages before us spires were raised hope, 'Neath which Almighty God was

As blindly through life's mists they praised grope, As proof that He was then, as

And there God dwells, but it is now.

man Those sacred altars where men bow

Who builds that house and draws Their heads in prayer, and sorrow its plan; lifts

Pays for the mortar and the stone, Its heavy weight, are Christian

That none need seek for God alone. gifts.

The humblest spire in mortal ken,

Where God abides, was built by men.

And if the church is still to grow,

Is still the light of hope to throw

Across the valleys of despair,

Men still must build God's house of prayer.

God sends no churches from the skies,

Out of our hearts must they arise!

By courtesy and special permission of the author.

Detroit Branch to Build $40,000 Chapel

The accompanying picture shows a for the first time, in the Improvement Era.

model of the L. D. S. chapel soon to b< The local papers also, both the Detroit

erected by the Saints of the Detroit branch Neivs and the Detroit Free Press, have of the Church, the first of its kind there, given our efforts much publicity, and have at a cost of approximately $40,000. published several articles in commendation

Though the membership of this branch of the accomplishments of the Latterday is yet comparatively small, energy and Saint people, both locally and abroad.

growth are much in evidence. They supDetroit is not without historic relaport live and active organizations of the tionship to the rise of the Church, for

M. I. A., Relief Society, Sunday school, some of the early leaders, including the

Primary, and are using the community Prophet Joseph Smith, manifested concenters of the city for their recreational siderable interest in both the city and its activities. The Relief Society started the vicinity. Mack Avenue, one of the prinChurch Building fund, nearly twelve years cipal avenues, was named after Soloman

ago, by its contribution of $60. Mack, the Prophet's grandfather; and

The eminent poet, Mr. Edgar A. Guest, Parley P. Pratt traveled extensively in

whose writings have thrilled and inspired Michigan, at one time preaching to an the youth and adult throughout the land, audience of more than two thousand at recently gave, at the request of the Relief the Detroit City Hall.

Society, a recital of his poems, for the Z. N. Skouson, of the branch presidency,

benefit of the Church Building fund. He is chairman of the Building Committee;

asked for no remuneration, though his and the architect for the chapel is Ernest usual charge for such recitals is $600. Be- J. Trysell. It is expected that the buildsides, he was happy to contribute the poem, ing will be ready for dedication in July

"On Church Building,"to be published, or August. Lucy Wright Snow.

Model of L. D. S. Chapel to be Erected at Detroit. Michigan

<v-p/$

The Upholding of Constituted Law and Order

Address of President Heber J. Grant, Delivered in the Tabernacle,

Salt Lake City, Utah, Sunday, February 12, 1928.

It is always a pleasure to me to meet emancipator, the immortal Lincoln. It was

with the Latterday Saints in any of the not until last evening, after a busy day, public gatherings. I am ever ready and going to Ogden to the dedication of an

willing to exhort the Saints to faithfulness addition to the Dee Memorial hospital, and diligence in the discharge of the many that it dawned upon me, as I glanced at duties and obligations resting upon them the evening paper, that all over the as members of the Church of Jesus Christ United States and almost all over the world of Latterday Saints, and to encourage today people would be paying tribute to them, to the best of my ability, both by Abraham Lincoln.

precept and example, to serve our heavenly Perhaps no other people in all the world

Father. look upon Abraham Lincoln as an inWhen I consented to address the conspired servant of God, a man raised up by

gregation here today, it did not occur to God to occupy the presidential chair, as me that today is the birthday of the great much as do the Latterday Saints.

Prophecy Concerning Douglas In the early days of the Church, Joseph United States, to make a speech, against the

Smith utilized the services of Stephen A. "Mormon"people, in which he said:

Douglas, who was then a country judge in "Ninetenths of the inhabitants of Utah

Illinois, Nauvoo at the time being the largTerritory are foreignborn. They refuse to

est city in the state of Illinois. Among become citizens, or to recognize the governother things, the Prophet said to Judge ment of the United States as permanent

Douglas: authority."

This man knew as well as he knew that "Judge, you will aspire to the presidency he lived that he was falsifying when he of the United States; and if you ever turn

your hand against me or the Latterday Saints, made this statement, because Joseph Smith you will feel the weight of the hand of Alhad published to the world during his life mighty God upon you: and you will live to time, (and he had been dead some years at

see and know that I have testified the truth this time) the following:

to you, for the conversation of this day will stick to you through life.""We claim the privilege of worshiping Almighty God according to the dictates of out

This was in 1 844, only a short time own conscience and allow all men the same before the martyrdom of the Prophet Joprivilege, let them worship how, where or seph Smith. what they may."

preskings, subject to in being "We believe in magistrates; Stephen A. Douglas saw fit later, during idents, rulers obeying, and

his campaign for the presidency of the honoring and sustaining the law."

As Caesar Felt These are two of the Articles of Faith the great majority of the people who came of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterto Utah, in early days, were of New Engday Saints, and Douglas was aware of this land and eastern states extraction. Stephen

fact when he was an obscure judge. When A. Douglas undoubtedly felt much as the

he made this false statement, he knew that great Caesar felt, who undertook to set at

EDITORS'TABLE 509

naught the statement of the lowly Nazathe meek and lowly Nazarene had trirene, that Jerusalem should not be rebuilt umphed.

until the times of the Gentiles were fulStephen A. Douglas, no doubt, felt abfilled. He took his great armies, his cosolutely certain that he had the presidential

horts that had conquered the world, and chair within his grasp, and, with that ascalled upon the Jews to return to Jerusurance in his mind and heart, he thought salem and rebuild it. The infidel Gibbon, he would prove that Joseph Smith was a

in his Decline and Fall of the Roman false prophet. So he discussed the "MorEmpire, states that great balls of fire mon"question and said:

burst forth from the foundation stones and drove the workmen away, and Caesar had 'Mormons'are bound by horrible oaths to abandon his attempt to rebuild Jerusaand terrible penalties to recognize and mainlem. When it came to the time of his tain the authority of Brigham Young as parapassing away, he had to acknowledge that mount to that of the United States."

From the Days of the Prophet A greater lie was never uttered by a state, I went to California to confer with mortal man. The "Mormons"have never the chairmen from Oregon, California,

been bound by any such oath. The "MorNevada and Arizona, and in one of our

mons"have taught, from the days of the meetings (it looked at that particular time

Prophet Joseph Smith, that the men who as though Germany and her allies were wrote the Constitution were raised up by going to conquer), I said:

God, and that it was adopted by inspired "Gentlemen, there is no 'Mormon'who has men. We believe in the inspiration of the any fear whatever that any kaiser or any king

living God, in the forming of our governshall rule in this land. It is a land choice

ment. above all other lands, a land of liberty, that

"—And that they expect ultimately to wasto Columbus.discovered Nounder'Mormon'the inspirationhas any fearof Godthat

subvert the government of the United States we are not going to win."

to that of Brigham Young."

They spoke up and said:

Another falsehood, pure and simple. "Well, we are mighty glad that somebody

This man, I believe, was familiar with the has no fear at all. It looks pretty blue just

Book of Mormon. The Book of Mornow."

mon teaches that this is a land of liberty, Judge Douglas continued:

choice above all other lands, and that no of this alien Brigham government "That alliance is the with formingking shall rule here. Young When I had the honor of officiating as tribes, inciting them to hostility and organIndian

chairman of the Liberty Loan drive in this izing bands of "Danites. or destroying angels.'

In the Providence of the Lord Another falsehood, pure and simple. points that we are to debate, it will defeat him

This speech was made by a most eloquent from ever sitting in the presidential chair."

man. I know he was eloquent, for I have

read some of his speeches in the celebrated I do not believe that Lincoln at the time debates between Lincoln and Douglas and he sacrificed his ambition to be a senator and allowed Stephen A. Douglas to winI remember being profoundly impressed

with what I read. I remember, too, that thought that he might himself some day

the manager of Lincoln's campaign told become the president of these United States.

him that if he insisted upon debating upBut. in the providence of the Lord, he was

on certain subjects he was sure to be dethe man raised up to defeat Stephen A.

feated. And yet Lincoln did insist upon Douglas. The Latterday Saints believe

it and said: that absolutely.

The Deseret News published Mr. Doug- "If he commits himself, which I am sure

he will, in a certain way, in answering these las'speech, and Orson Hyde, who was pres510 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ent at the interview when that which I prophecy uttered upon him by the Prophet have read to you was said by the Prophet, Joseph Smith. At the same time The

announced to Stephen A. Douglas, in a letDeseret News published an editorial (which

ter published in The Deseret News, that I will not take the time to read) announche had defeated himself; for he had undering that Douglas had sealed his own doom,

taken to stand up and proclaim against the and that he would be disappointed.

As the Prophet Said

life is and the in there inspiration "What the generally understood here by It was the in figure! Born immortal of this work talked living, was commonly then men folk and humble from he came backwoods,

about and was published in The News, humble surroundings. Keeping close to the

that he had taken a stand whereby he great breast of mother earth, he found a would be defeated, and that he would die, strength and a sweetness unknown to many career his and to manhood came He as the Prophet said he would, a disapmen. to the promptsusceptible mind, open with an

pointed man. In less than a year from ings of the omnipotent; and in response to

the day that he was defeated he passed this attitude he found that God was ever on away from this life, although a comparhis side to help him in the noble endeavors

If of humanity. for the good he made which atively young man. fortified by inspired and seemed a ever man

Every Latterday Saint believes that a power above his own, to do the work he that man. was Lincoln to do. called upon was inLincoln raised Abraham was and up had he that it said credit be to his And spired of the reached that he God, and what matter no his duty to do courage the

presidency of the United States under the sacrifice or pain it might entail. In the end

favor of our Heavenly Father. he gave even his life.

of Lincoln's keynote outstanding "The for law stand his determined I read last night in The Deseret News character was an editorial, a part of which I will quote: and order."

Lincoln Statements These are Lincoln's statements: tear the charter of his own and his children's liberty. Let reverence for the law be

"Let the people know the truth, and the breathed by every American mother to the country is safe."lisping babe that prattles on her lap. Let it

"Let none falter who thinks he is right, be taught in schools, in seminaries, and in and we will succeed."colleges. Let it be written in primers, in

"Let us dare to do our duty as we underspelling books, and almanacs. Let it be

stand it."preached from the pulpit, proclaimed in legisThe following quotation from Lincoln lative halls, and enforced in courts of justice.

was recently published in an address over In short, let it become the Political Religion of the Nation."

the signatures of the Presidency of the

Church, and in last night's Deseret News. I A number of other sentiments wete pubtake pleasure in repeating it here: lished in last night's News.

"Let every American, every lover of liberty, "Law has her seat in the bosom of God, every well wisher to his posterity, swear by her voice in the harmony of the world."

the blood of the revolution never to violate, Hooker.

least in particular, the the laws of the country, their never to tolerate violation and by "Laws are not made for particular cases others. As the patriots of seventysix did to but for men in general."Johnson.

the support of the Declaration of Independ- "Laws are the very bulwarks of liberty.

ence, so to the support of the Constitution They define every man's rights and stand beand laws let every American pledge his life, tween and defend the individual liberties of his property, and his sacred honor. Let every all."—J. G. Holland.

man remember that to violate the law is to "Law makers should not be law breakers."trample on the blood of his father, and to—Proverbs.

Sacredness of Franchise Every man and woman who has arbility and has the right to vote should rived at the years of political accountanever sell himself or herself or pledge himEDITORS'TABLE 511

self or herself to vote for men regardless "We believe that governments were instibenefit and for the of of man. God are tuted be, they providedof may who they

acts their that for he accountable holds men their party. Unlessnominated by I am in relation or either laws to them, in making

misinformed, men all over this state are administering them, for the good and safety pledging themselves in groups to vote for of society.

the nominations at their party conventions, "We believe that no government can exist in peace, except such laws are framed and held without knowing who is to be nominated, inviolate as will secure to each individual the thus selling their Godgiven right to stand free exercise of conscience, the right and conup for honorable, true, virtuous men. men trol of property, and the protection of life."

worthy of the franchise of the citizens of And any man or woman who signs an the United States of America. agreement to vote for whoever may be

"Laws written, if not on stone tables, yet nominated, regardless of who the individual on the azure of Infinitude, in the inner heart may be, is relinquishing his Godgiven of God's creation, certain as life, certain as right of the free exercise of conscience.

aredeath, there, and thou shalt not disobey necessarily believe that all governments "We Carlyle.them."

civil officers require magistrates to enforce and

Following is the declaration of the the laws of the same, and that such as will

Church contained in Section 134 of the administer the law in equity and justice should be sought for and upheld by the voice

Doctrine and Covenants, regarding our beof the people, if a republic, or the will of lief in governments and laws in general: the sovereign.

Instituted of God "We believe that religion is instituted of deference, as without them peace and harmony

God, and that men arc amenable to him, and to would be supplanted by anarchy and terror;

him only, for the exercise of it, unless their human laws being instituted for the express religious opinions prompt them to infringe purpose of regulating our interests as inupon the rights and liberties of others; but we dividuals and nations, between man and man.

do not believe that human law has a right to and divine laws given of heaven, prescribing interfere in prescribing rules of worship to bind rules on spiritual concerns, for faith and worthe conscience of men. nor dictate forms for ship, both to be answered by man to his Maker.

public or private devotion; that the civil "We believe that rulers, states, and governmagistrate should restrain crime, but never conments, have a right, and are bound to enact

trol conscience; should punish guilt, but never laws for the protection of all citizens in the

suppress the freedom of the soul. free exercise of their religious belief: but we

"We believe that all men are bound to do not believe that they have a right, in justice, sustain and uphold the respective governments to deprive citizens of this privilege, or prein which they reside, while protected in their scribe them in their opinions, so long as a reinherent and inalienable rights by the laws gard and reverence are shown to the laws, and of such governments; and that sedition and such religious opinions do not justify sedition

rebellion are unbecoming every citizen thus nor conspiracy.

protected, and should be punished accordingly; "We believe that the commission of crime

and that all governments have a right to enact should be punished according to the nature of such laws as in their own judgment arc best the offence; that murder, treason, robbery,

calculated to secure the public interest: at the theft, and the breach of the general peace, in

same time, however, holding sacred the freeall respects, should be punished according to dom of conscience. their criminality and their tendency to evil

"We believe that every man should be among men, by the laws of that government honored in his station: rulers and magistrates in which the offense is committed; and for

as such, being placed for the protection of the public peace and tranquility, all men should the innocent, and the punishment of the guilty; step forward and use their ability in bringing

and that to the laws, all men owe respect and offenders against good laws to punishment."

Duty of Each and Every One I maintain that it is the duty of each "We do not believe it just to mingle reand every one of us, whenever asked to ligious influence with civil government, wheregive evidence that we possess which will byotheroneproscribedreligious insocietyits spiritualis fostered,privileges,and andanlead to the conviction of those who are the individual rights of its members, as citizens, breaking the law, to do so. denied."

512 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Please remember that this was pubtended plural marriages. By the way, I

lished way back in 1835, as the position hear that a book is going to be published of the Church, and it has never changed. wherein a certain woman testifies that I

proposed marriage to her since the Mani- "We believe that all religious societies have a right to deal with their members for disfesto, and that I taught her plural marorderly conduct according to the rules and reguriage. They are perfectly welcome to publations of such societies, provided that such lish all the lies they want to publish,

dealings for fellowship and be good standing; including the lies of this woman who has

religious society believe not that any but we do has authority to try men on the right of proponce been in the insane asylum.

erty or life, to take from them this world's believe the to should appeal that men "We either to in jeopardy goods, of or put them all civil redress grievfor law of wrongs and life inflict to neither or limb, punany physical is inflicted, personal ances, abuse the where or can excomthem. ishment only upon They

municate them from their society, and withright of property or character infringed, where draw from them their fellowship."such laws exist as will protect the same; but

we believe that all men are justified in deAnd we have done that time and time fending themselves, their friends, and property, asthe government, unlawful and the from again and propose to go on doing it, parall saults in persons, of encroachments and ticularly so far as those are concerned who times of exigency, where immediate appeal canhave been guilty of entering into prenot be made to the laws, and relief afforded."

Nothing Could Be Fairer I believe that nothing plainer could be In his book he says that if we are to written than those statements of our begive credit to Ralph Waldo Emerson as lief. Nothing could be fairer; and no being a great statesman for making a

matter what a man's faith, belief or restatement of this kind when war clouds ligion may be, I am sure he can endorse were discernible in the heavens, "what those sentiments given to the Church in shall we say of the 'Mormon'Prophet, 1835. who advocated the same thing 1 1 years

Joseph Smith advocated the sale of the before, when the heavens looked tranquil public lands by the government for the and beneficent?"We as Latterday Saints

purchase of the slaves. Josiah Quincy, in say that he was inspired of the Lord to

an interview some forty and odd days, as point out the way to save the country from

I remember it, before the martyrdom of that terrible rebellion.

the Prophet (this interview was published believe that Joseph Smith, by the in his book entitled Figures of the Past), We refers to this proposition made by Joseph inspiration of the Lord, pointed out the

Smith, and says that it was made again peaceful solution of that great ptoblem.

eleven years later by Ralph Waldo EmerBut it was not accepted. Afterwards Linson, that great statesman who was concoln was the instrument in the hands of

sidered ahead of his times in advocating the Lord in seeing that the right side and the sale of the public lands for the purthe right thing won in that great civil chase of the slaves. war.

"The Kingly Faculty"Josiah Quincy gives credit to Joseph like this: What historical American in the

Smith for being one of the two men of all nineteenth century has exerted the most powwhom he had ever met who seemed to be erfultrymen?influenceAnd uponit. is theby destiniesno meansof impossiblehis counpossessed or endowed with "the kingly that the answer to that interrogatory may be

faculty that directs, as by divine right, thus written: 'Joseph Smith the "Mormon"

feeble and confused souls looking for guidprophet.'And the reply, absurd as it doubtance."He went on to say: less seems to most men now living, may be

an obvious commonplace to their descendants.

"It is by no means improbable that some History deals in surprises and paradoxes quite future text book for the use of generations as startling as this. The man who established

yet unborn will contain a question something a religion in this age of free debate, who was

EDITORS'TABLE 513

and is today accepted by hundreds of thousexerts throws him into relief before us, not as

is not to be disto be explained."—suchands as aa directrare humanemissarybeingfrom the Most High a rogue to be criminated, but as a phenomenon

posed of by pelting his memory with unsavory epithets. Fanatic, imposter, charlatan, he may He concludes by saying:

have been; but these hard names furnish no "I have endeavored to give the details of

solution to the problems he presents to us. my visit to the 'Mormon'prophet with abFanatics and imposters are living and dying solute accuracy. If the reader does not know

every day and their memory is buried with just what to make of Joseph Smith. I cannot

them: but the wonderful influence which help him out of the difficulty. I, myself,

this founder of a religion exerted and still stand helpless before the puzzle."

Latterday Saints Know The Latterday Saints do not stand ninetyseven and a fraction years, I know helpless. They know that Joseph Smith of no single, solitary missionary who has

was a prophet of the true and the living returned home to us with the message that

God. He prophesied that the Saints would he has discovered that "Mormonism,"socontinue to suffer much affliction and be called, is not the truth and that he has

driven to the Rocky Mountains and there found that some other church has the truth.

become a great and mighty people. That On the other hand, for over ninetyseven

prediction has been literally fulfilled. years, all over the wide world, the gospel

The Latterday Saints today have a of the Lord Jesus Christ, restored to the standing in nearly all parts of the world. earth through the instrumentality of the

They have between two and three thouProphet Joseph Smith, has gathered in sand missionaries out preaching the gosmen and women from every denomination pel, from Scandinavia on the north to under heaven where the message has gone,

South Africa on the south, from Canada and they have been men and women who to South America, and in New Zealand, in have given their lives to the Church beAustralia and in the islands of the sea. cause of an individual testimony of the

And let me call your attention to the fact divine mission of Joseph Smith, the that with all our preaching during the past prophet of the true and the living God.

Honor to Abraham Lincoln We honor the man that God honors. honors of men, that they do not learn thisWe honor Abraham Lincoln because we one lesson—

believe absolutely that God honored him separably"That connectedthe rights withof thethe Priesthoodpowers of heaven,are inand raised him up to be the instrument in and that the powers of heaven cannot be conhis hands of saving the Union and fultrolled nor handled only upon the principles filling a prediction made by the mouthof righteousness.

it piece of the living God; namely, the is true;"Thatbuttheywhenmaywebe undertakeconferred touponcoverus.out

Prophet Joseph Smith. sins, or to gratify our pride, our vain ambition, or to exercise control, or dominion, or

Many people complain bitterly about compulsion, upon the souls of the children of the power of the priesthood in the "Mormen. in any degree of unrighteousness, behold,

mon"Church. Therefore I intend to read thethe Lordheavensis grieved:withdrawandthemselves;when it is thewithdrawn.spirit of

to you just how much power we are enAmen to the Priesthood, or the authority, of titled to exercise. I read from Section 121 that man.

of the Doctrine and Covenants, principally "Behold! ere he is aware, he is left unto

for the benefit of nonmembers of our himself, to kick against the pricks: to perChurch, that they may know exactly just secute"WethehaveSaints,learned,and byto sadfightexperience,against God.that it

how we should exercise the authority of is the nature and disposition of almost all men.

the priesthood. as soon as they get a little authority, as they

suppose, they will immediately begin to ex- "Behold, there are many called, but few ercise unrighteous dominion.

are chosen. And why are they not chosen? "Hence many are called, but few are chosen.

"Because their hearts are set so much upon "No power or influence can or ought to the things of this world, and aspire to the be maintained by virtue of the priesthood, 514 IMPROVEMENT ERA

only by persuasion, by longsuffering, by "Let thy bowels also be full of charity togentleness, and meekness, and by love unwards all men, and to the household of faith, feigned: and let virtue garnish thy thoughts unceasing-

"By kindness and pure knowledge, which ly; then shall thy confidence wax strong in

shall greatly enlarge the soul without hypocthe presence of God. and the doctrine of the

risy, and without guile. priesthood shall distil upon thy soul as the

"Reproving betimes with sharpness, when dews from heaven.

moved upon by the Holy Ghost, and then "The Holy Ghost shall be thy constant showing forth afterwards an increase of love companion, and thy scepter an unchanging toward him whom thou hast reproved, lest scepter of righteousness and truth, and thy dohe esteem thee to be his enemy; minion shall be an everlasting dominion, and,

"That he may know that thy faithfulness without compulsory means, it shall flow into is stronger than the cords of death. thee forever and ever."

The Reputation of the Church May God help each and every Latterfaith of the Latterday Saints. He said,

day Saint to become familiar with the "Why, the 'Mormon'people, those who commandments of the Lord as contained live their religion, do not use tea, coffee, in the Doctrine and Covenants; to become tobacco or liquor."The other man said,

familiar with the history and the dealings "I do not believe a word of it."The man

of God with Joseph Smith, with the marsaid, "It is true."

velous inspiration of the living God to These two non-"Mormons"were sithim who was the founder under God of ting at one of the tables at this banquet.

the Church of Christ. Above all, may Along came a "Mormon."The man

each and every Latterday Saint live the who was defending the "Mormons"said, gospel so that its truth will be proclaimed "There comes a 'Mormon.'He is going

by his example. May every father and to take a seat with us. I'll bet you he

mother within the sound of my voice so won't drink coffee."The bet was acorder their lives that their example will cepted. The "Mormon"drank the cofbe an inspiration to their children. May fee! When they came out the one who

those in this building and those who may lost his bet said, "I have no further usebe listening to my remarks, in any part of the country where Latterday Saints are for that man, who professes to believe located, realize that each and every Latterthat God gave a revelation through Joday Saint carries, to a certain extent, upon seph Smith, telling the people to leave his or her shoulders the reputation of the such things alone, and yet he comes here

Church of Christ. and publicly disobeys the teachings of his

I heard of a man, who was at a great prophet. I have trusted that man, but I

banquet, speaking to another regarding the will quit trusting him."

The Word of Wisdom We carry upon our shoulders the drinking, and excessive drinking leads to reputation, so to speak, of the Church, the destruction of body and of mind and each and every one of us. The young of faith. Any Latterday Saint who acmen and young women of today who tually believes in the commandments conthink they are being smart by getting a tained in this book must have no regard

little wine and a little liquor in their homes, and doing that which the Lord for advancement in life when he fails tells them not to do, are laying a founto keep what is known as the Word of dation that will lead to their destruction Wisdom, which was given to us, not by eventually. They cannot go on breaking commandment, but for our temporal salvathe commandments of the Lord without tion. There is absolutely no benefit to

getting into the rapids. And what are any human being derived from breaking

the rapids? The rapids of moderate drinkthe Word of Wisdom, but there is everying, nine times out of ten, lead to excessive thing for his benefit, morally, intellectualEDITORS'TABLE 515

ly, physically and spiritually in obeying their navel, and marrow to their bones;

it. I "And shall find wisdom and great treasures

of knowledge, even hidden treasures;

What does the Lord say to those who "And shall run and not be weary, and shall obey his commandments? walk and not faint;

"And I, the Lord, give unto them a prom- "And all Saints who remember to keep ise, that the destroying angel shall pass by and do these sayings, walking in obedience them, as the children of Israel, and not slay to the commandments, shall receive health in them."

A Constitutional Law

Prohibition has been enacted as a conChrist that is breaking the prohibition law stitutional law, and we find recorded in is also breaking the laws of God.

the Doctrine and Covenants the statement May God help each and every one of us who has a testimony of the divinitythat we are to choose wise men and good of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ and true men to occupy offices. We are to live it, that our lives may proclaim it,

also told to obey constitutional law, and I ask in the name of Jesus Christ, out any man or woman in the Church of Redeemer. Amen.

Books Moral Teachings of the New Testavalue of milk, the dangers of impure milk, ment, by Professor Milton Bennion, Dean etc.; report announcing the success of

of the School of Education, University of sugarbeet breeding experiments, by Dr.

Utah, has recently been published by the George Stewart, agronomist, in which are

Deseret Book Company, Salt Lake City. pointed out many important facts conThis is a source book with commentaries, nected with the successful raising of sugar

and treats the New Testament from a new beets; The Agricultural Outlook for Utah,

passages relative to 1928, (Circular 70), suggesting the variangle;—quoting

various moral theme9, on which the author ous crops to which farmers might profitthen comments in his usual logical and ably pay close attention this year, as well interesting manner. The book is divided as warning against expansion of other

into four parts: "The Religious and Moral crops. Any of these circulars will be

Unity of the New Testament,""New mailed free on request to the Division of

Testament Standards and Morals,""QualiPublications, Utah Experiment Station.

ties of Character,"and "Application to Logan, Utah.

Social Institutions."It should prove a

valuable addition to home libraries, and Mother—Heart of (3old, book two, by

would serve as an interesting, edifying Theodore E. Curtis, containing inspiring

text book in classes. Motherday poems, has recently been published. The frontispiece is a picture of

Among the recent important circulars, President Heber J. Grant and his mother.

reports, etc., published by the Utah AgriRachel Ivins Grant; and at the back is a

cultural Experiment Station, Logan, Utah, picture of the late President Joseph F.

are the following: The Importance of Smith and his mother, Mary Fielding

Clean Milk and Its Production, (Circular Smith. A most suitable little booklet for

69), by E. G. Carter, treating the food distribution on Mother's Day.

Alt matters pertaining to the Aaronic Priesthood in this department are prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric.

I. A. Plan The Priesthood—M.

The following letter from the Council and outlines, in booklet form, explaining of the Twelve was sent, under date of the new order in priesthood quorum acMarch 12, 1928, to the presidents of tivity. The diagrams and schedule of

stakes throughout the Church. Accommeetings published herewith form a part

panying the letter were printed suggestions of that booklet.

Letter to Stake Presidents Dear Brethren: These suggestions have the united apThe preparation of suggestions and outproval of the First Presidency, the Council

lines for the guidance of priesthood of the Twelve, the First Council of quorum activity has required more time Seventy, the Presiding Bishopric, and the than we anticipated when we wrote to you General Boards of the Y. M. M. I. A. and

December 23, 1927; although, even then, Y. L. M. I. A. They are now submitted

we suggested that "several weeks and posto you for your consideration and adopsibly months"might be required to comtion.

plete the proposed plan. You will find provided an order of

We are pleased now to submit to you business and a few lessons for each departplans and suggestions for the holding of ment of the Melchizedek priesthood. Inquorum meetings and the stimulating of structions relative to weekly ward meetpriesthood work, which we think will apings of the Aaronic priesthood are already

peal to you and justify the high hopes we in your hands. It will be noted that these

entertain for them. We suggest that you lessons are directed generally to the edugive to the documents herewith sent to cation of members of the priesthood in

you most careful study; that they be contheir quorum duties and priesthood work.

sidered by the presidency of the stake and It is contemplated that outlines will be the high council and by the bishoprics of provided in a bulletin or pamphlet for a the wards in your stake; and that when continuation of the Melchizedek quorum

they shall have been thoroughly digested, lesson work. When the plan Js adopted

immediate steps will be taken to put all by a stake, the topics may be taken up in quorums in active working order, so that the order suggested in the outline. It will

the work outlined may be inaugurated unbe impossible this year for all stakes to der the most favorable conditions. begin the plan at the same time; therefore,

By revelation, the Lord has indicated topics will not be studied on the same date two great avenues through which the throughout the stakes. Within each stake,

Priesthood of his Church should function; however, there should be uniformity in

viz., in study and in activity. quorum study.

The accompanying diagrams present, in We recognize that the plans and work a general way, the means through which herewith submitted are comprehensive and, members of quorums may learn their duty, to some extent, novel. Questions will

and may render service to themselves, to naturally arise as they are put into operatheir quorums, and to the Church. tion. Visiting members of the General

You will observe that the plan provides Authorities will have opportunity to anfor the holding of official priesthood swer questions and to make explanations quorum meetings, including those of the as they visit quarterly conferences; and

Aaronic priesthood, at the same time as members of the Council of the Twelve, the M. I. A. meetings. of the First Council of Seventy and of the

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS 517

Presiding Bishopric, will be pleased at all will result in great good to the members times to confer with stake presidents on of quorums as well as to the Church in the problems which arise within their general, we remain, sincerely your brethren,

stakes.

With a keen realization that renewed THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE, quorum activity in study and in service By RUDGER CLAWSON, President.

Schedule of Meetings and Instructions

Meeting 7:00 to 7:30 p. m. Meeting 7:45 to 8:30 p. m.

Membership: m. is the official meeting of each quorum

At the meeting held from 7:00 to 7:30 in the Aaronic priesthood, and of elders

p. m. there will be in attendance the and seventies [whose quorum membership

bishopric, presidencies of all Aaronic priestis within the boundaries of the ward.

hood quorums and of Melchizedek priestWhere there is not a completely organized hood quorums within the ward; a repquorum within the ward, part of an elders'

resentative of each part of a quorum withquorum, part of a seventies'quorum, and in the ward where there is not a compart of the high priests'quorum will meet plete quorum; the presidency and secretary as separate units, under the direction of one

of the Y. M. M. I. A.; the ward clerk appointed by the quorum presidency to

and secretaries of quorums or parts of preside at these weekly meetings and to quorums. represent the quorum presidency in the

7:00 to 7:30 meeting with the bishopric.

Purpose: Where only part of a quorum meets,

To receive instructions from the bishop- a record of the proceedings of the meeting ric regarding services to be rendered in the and of the activities of the members should ward during the coming week. These inbe kept, and reported to the secretary of

structions will relate to ward teaching, the quorum.

missionary work, special visitations, adMeeting 8:30 to 9:30 p. m.

ministrations, special functions, etc., and

will be carried by the quorum and the Membership

M. I. A. officers to the members of quoIn the meeting held from 8:30 to 9:30

rums and of M. I. A. who are to perform p. m. all members of quorums and of the

the duties assigned. M. I. A. will participate, each one

going to the group to which he or she has

Meeting 7:30 to 7:45 p. m. been assigned, according to age groups and

preference.

Membership:

All the priesthood of the ward, and Purpose:

members of the Y. M. M. I. A. and Y. L. The purpose of these meetings is to

M. I. A. have all members of priesthood quorums

Purpose: and of the M. I. A. function in social,

To hold devotional exercises and to literary, recreational and other activities, receive general instructions. through the regular weekly program of the

The meeting held from 7:45 to 8:30 p. Y. M. M. I. A. and Y. L. M. I. A.

518 IMPROVEMENT ERA

WEEKLY MEETING OF PRIESTHOOD AND MUTUAL, IMPROVEMENT

ASSOCIATIONS (Suggested Time: Same evening on which M. I. A. meets)

Time The Group The Subject The Leader

Bishopric and presidencies of 7:00 Y. M. and quorums Ward Officers officers. to M. I. A. meeting Bishopric presiding. invited at Council 7:30 Others

discretion of Bishop. 7:30 "Ward Priesthood Bishopric presiding. Y.

to and V. M. M. I. A. Opening exercises M. M. I. A. officers may

7:45 and Y. L. M. 1. A. conduct the exercises.

Quorum officers presiding. (An expert teacher

and leader in each quorum of the Aaronic

Priesthood should be apmatter Subject Bishopric. the by pointed Deacons 7:45 provided under as Y. the In this

of the to Teachers will I. officers M. M. selectionA the 8:30 Presidingdirection leader Class cooperate. Priests Bishopric. quorum instruct the will

and lead the same group during the activity period of the Y. M. M. I.

A.

Quorum officers or those appointed by quorum ofSubject matter as ficers in charge.

the by quorElders As of each Presidency The 7:45 of the urns or Seventies Councilprovided Melchizin the quorum to of the parts Twelve and High shall ap- 8:30 Priesthood First of edek Priests Council quorums Instrucclass the point

(See Seventy. tor. In this appointment Note 1.) with the consultation

Bishop is advised.

Subject matter as provided by the Y. L. M. I. A. General Board of Y. L. M. I. A. Leaders.

the Y. L. M. I. A.

(See Note 2.)

Deacons Subject matter as Teachers the provided by 8:30 Priests General Board of Y. M. M. I. A. Leaders. to Elders I. T. M. M. A. the 9:30 Seventies 3.) (See Note High Priests

as matter L. A. Subject Y. M. I. provided by the 5.) 'Note (See of Y. L. M. I. A. Leaders. General Board

the Y. L. M. I. A.

Note 1: Assignments to duties made to members of the quorums by the

Bishopric, should be given during this period to those in charge of each meeting. Members will report on ward teaching, missionary work, visitations, etc.

Note 2: The subject matter provided will relate to the growth and

development of girlhood, young womanhood, and motherhood.

Note 3: This period will be devoted to various activities as they are

conducted by the Y. M. M. I. A. and Y. L. M. I. A.; such as,

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS 519

scouting for the Deacons and Teachers; M Men activities for Priests and Elders; social and literary work for Elders, Seventies,

and High Priests. At this period the Genealogical Society may

meet, as one of the groups. It is suggested that once or twice

each month the M Men may meet with the Gleaners in joint session.

Note 4: The Beehive girls. Junior girls, Gleaners, and those who

form the Social and I>iterary group will devote this period to their respective activities.

Note 5: A uniform time for dismissal is recommended either jointly

or in departments.

Note G: Friday afternoon and evening to be devoted to a year round

program in recreation under the M. I. A.

DIAGRAM SHOWING MEANS OF STUDY AND ACTIVITY

A QUORUM

Learning

A Class A Brotherhood A Service Unit

Purpose: Purpose: Purpose

To Give To Conserve To Render Theological Individual Church Education Welfare Service

1. Quorum Meeting 1. Officers'ConsulInstruction and tation Meeting

Fraternity 2. Tendered Service

2. Visitations and to Ward Bishop oi

Investigations Stake President

3. Assignments of 3. Organization o f

Activities Quorum for Assigned Service:

Such As, 4. Discipline of

Members Ward Teaching Missionary Service Recreation Finance Committee Old Folks'ComUtilizing The mittee, Etc.

Church Sunday School

Utilizing the M. I. A.

520 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Preparation for Ordination In order that everyone who is to be sured that he is ready to receive this orordained to the Aaronic Priesthood shall dination and thereupon should recommend duly sense the privileges extended to him him to the bishopric for their approval.

and be able to measure up to the responIn a number of wards, the candidate has sibility placed upon him, it is vitally imbeen invited to write a letter to the bishop portant that he should be well prepared expressing his attitude in the matter and and willing to undertake this service. his willingness to serve. In other cases,

The manner in which this preparation the boy has personally expressed his willshould be carried out by the ward superingness to the bishopric. If he is prepared

visors or bishopric is suggested in the folfor ordination, his name should be prelowing instance: sented before the people in Sacramental

In the case of a boy not yet twelve meeting, as near to his twelfth birthday years of age who is under consideration as possible. If approved, he should

be ordained under the direction of the for ordination as a deacon, the supervisor or member of the bishopric directly bishopric in the proper quorum or class as a in then be meeting. voted should Heresponsible should the parents inform and

It that approis an quorum. member of

six the boy about in advance months priate thing to have deacons, teachers or of the contemplated action. parThe priests present on the stand, or near by,ents should be requested their to teach

and to have them stand a9 they are votedson and encourage him properly to preupon. It is very proper, also, for the

pare himself. The boy should be advised bishopric to explain, before voting upon

to learn the duties expected of him and any candidate, regarding the nature of the the faith, habits and qualifications which preparation which he has made and as he should possess. From time to time, to his course of life.

he should be counseled as to his habits The same preparation should be unand course of life and the various means dertaken with respect to any candidate, of by which he can increase his faith whatever age, before receiving the Aaronic in the gospel. In every possible way, he Priesthood. Before deacons are ordained

should be assisted to sense the opportunity teachers or teachers priests, the same before him for spiritual growth through preparation should be given to them, in faithful service. order that all may be qualified to proceed

In proper time, previous to his twelfth at once to act acceptably to the Lord in birthday, th'e supervisor should be astheir calling.

Increasing Attendance

An interesting experiment in promoting cons, teachers and priests in attendance.

attendance of Aaronic Priesthood members Announcement was made that the followat meetings was recently brought forcibly ing Sunday would be ward conference to the attention of the Presiding Bishopand the bishopric desired a full attendance ric, through a visit of a member of the of the Aaronic priesthood members. The

Bishopric, two weeks in succession, to one roll was called and the names of all absent of the large wards in Salt Lake City. members were placed upon slips in groups

In this ward, following the suggestion and given to the members present, with the of the Presiding Bishopric, the Aaronic request that each absent quorum member

Priesthood quorums met at 9:25 a. m., be visited during the week and urged to

Sunday morning, to receive reports on asattend quorum meetings on the following signments filled, to receive assignments to Sunday morning. The result was 104

be filled during the coming week and to members of the Aaronic priesthood presreceive instruction pertaining to Leaser ent the next Sunday morning. Some of

Priesthood work. the young men reported that they had

On the first visit, there were 15 deanot only called upon those assigned to

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS 521

them, but had taken occasion early Sunparticular phase of Church work because day morning to telephone each one, urgthe lecture method is used, instead of placing his attendance at the Priesthood meeting the responsibility directly upon the ing and the Sunday school session of the members, of making assignments of work ward conference. No doubt, there are to be performed and of giving credit

many such examples that could be given. for work properly accomplished. Young

We call attention to this incident at this men, as a rule, respond with a cheerful time, hoping it may be helpful to others heart when given an opportunity to serve, who are finding the increasing of attendand in this way help themselves to become ance at Aaronic Priesthood quorum meetfamiliar with and prepared to render the ings to be a real effort. It is the opinion service required.

of the Presiding Bishopric that many earnestly urge all those interested inpresent unsatisfactory conditions can be We overcome if the work as outlined is faithLesser Priesthood work to give special atfully followed, after being carefully and tention to individual assignments and to systematically planned to meet local conencourage all those who are called to ditions and requirements. Many times Lesser Priesthood activities, especially those

we fail to interest young men in this who seem careless and indifferent.

Ten Reasons Why 'Tis well to take inventory regularly. consented to take."charge of the theological classAs a reminder to presiding officers throughthis morning—

choir members nine there are only 4. "Asout the Church, we present ten suggested

singin the will join congregation present, the reasons why some persons tend to lose ing."

interest in meetings and classes and hesi- 5. "I have thought of nothing in particular

tate to this afternoon, but—."attend,—a contribution to the Era to speak on

from Pearl Spencer of Logan, Utah. Every 6. "The young people of today are not

ward, priesthood and auxiliary organizasatisfied with the simple pleasures of theirtion should check up, and wherever any, fathers and mothers. I remember—."

or all, of these "reasons"are applicable that7. is"Thisdrawingmodernour boyseducationand girlsis awaythe thingfrom

to us, something should be done to elimtheir religion. They—."

inate them, and substitute in their stead 8. "The bishop asked me a week ago if

"ten reasons"why persons are attracted I would talk to you this evening. I have been

to our various meetings and auxiliary so busy, however, that I have not preparedclasses, and thereby increase the interest anything special—."

9. concludes program. our "This I amand attendance. the that will agree sure with you me that

1. "We are now fifteen minutes late in past two hours have been most worthwhile.

starting our meeting; so, if you will give us Before we are dismissed, we shall ask Presyour attention—."ident A.. President B.. and our bishop to

2. "We have been disappointed in several make a few concluding remarks."

excellent musical numbers which we announced 10. "I see that I have already taken up

this morning—-."more than the time allotted me: but there is

3. "As the regular teacher, for some unjust one more thought that I wish to leave

known reason. is not here. Brother J has with you—."

::"How a Boy May Prepare for a Mission

The missionaries of the Church of should begin to prepare at an early date.

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints have a In preparing for a mission, a boy should great responsibility, that of carrying the first have in mind the duties of this high, gospel to every people of the earth. With but humble, calling. The young boy.

this great responsibility in mind, every probably, has no other object in attending boy who intends to go on a mission Sunday school, Primary and Religion Class

'Talk given at Alpine stake conference. American Fork, Utah. Jan. 22. 1928.

522 IMPROVEMENT ERA

than to comply with the wants of his and to learn how to conduct himself while parents. Yet, whether he knows it or in association with them.

not, the things he learns while attending The priest quorum duties give the these organizations are laying the foundaprospective missionary the best experience tion for a successful mission. In Sunday in preparing for a mission if he attends

school he learns the first principles of to them. We learn from the Doctrine

the gospel, and many other things that and Covenants, section 20, verses 4648, will be of great value to him in the mission that "the priest's duty is to preach, teach, field. These are brought out by stories expound, exhort, and baptize, and adfrom the Bible, the Book of Mormon and minister the sacrament, and visit the house

Church history. As the boy increases in of each member, and exhort them to pray

age, the Sunday school teaches him the vocally and in secret, and attend to all more advanced principles of the gospel. family duties; And he may also ordain

One of the most important things in other priests, teachers and deacons."He

his preparing for a mission is regular atwill have to do all of these things in the tendance at Sunday school and the other mission field.

organizations and taking an active part in In the Lehi Second ward it is the pracall of them. tice for a priest to deliver a short talk, on

some subject assigned him by the bishop,

When a boy reaches the age of twelve, at each sacrament meeting. This gives each

he should be worthy to be ordained a priest a chance to prepare and deliverdeacon; he may then also join the Museveral short talks each year. It gives him

tual Improvement Association, and the practice in standing before an audience

Boy Scout organization. At this age he and delivering a talk, as well as giving go his sense first on a duty to to begins the in information valuable him much

it. for himself prepare to and mission learns different subjects he treats. He also

In the Y. M. M. I. A. the lessons and how to organize and prepare subject matactivities are somewhat different from ter for a talk.

those of Sunday school. The subjects The boy who is preparing for a mission

taught are not all religious, but will beneshould make himself familiar with all of fit the boy from many other angles. The the standard Church works. The M. I.

Scout department plays a double role. Be- A. slogan for this year, "We stand for a

sides the regular Junior department fuller knowledge of the Book of Mormon work, it gives a boy the training of a and a testimony of its divine origin,"if

Scout. If a boy observes all of the Scout observed, is a big help to this end. The

teachings, he is very likely to be successboy should read the Book of Mormon, ful as a missionary. the Pearl of Great Price, and the Doctrine

The priesthood quorums give the boy and Covenants. He will need a thorough

the most valuable aid, in preparing for a knowledge of these three standard Church mission, of all the Church organizations. books in order to defend them and teach

If possible, the boy should attend all his their contents to the people whom he will priesthood meetings, from the time he is meet. A missionary will also need a workordained a deacon to the time he leaves ing knowledge of the Old and New Testafor his mission; and he should take an ments, and should be able to quote many

active part in all the lesson work. Above important passages from both. The

all, he should perform the duties assigned Church seminaries teach both the Old and him by the bishop or his counselors. As New Testaments, and, as they are estab-

a deacon, he should take every opportunity lished near the high schools, every boy to pass the sacrament and in other ways should, by all means, take seminary work magnify his office. Later on, he should during his high school years.

respond to the call to do ward teaching, as A missionary should teach by example this will give him a chance to come in as well as by precept. He should be a

contact with the different types of people living example of everything he preaches.

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS 523

A boy can not change his habits over night. impression, for good or bad, with the

In preparing for a mission, he should live people he meets.

all of the teachings of the Church in order Many prospective missionaries arc to be able to do so when he goes into the turned back each year because they are not mission field. He should keep the Word physically fit. The boy should keep his

of Wisdom, and associate only with other body strong and healthy. Good wholegood, clean Latterday Saint boys who some food and exercise will help in this.

have the same objective in mind that he About the most important factor is to has. A boy 9hould also keep good literlive the Word of Wisdom in its full meanary company—he should read books which ing.

will give him needed information and inIn this country it costs approximately spire him to noble efforts. fifty dollars a month to keep a missionThe prospective missionary should take ary in the field. Many boys can never go

every opportunity that comes his way to on missions because their parents are obtain an education. With the present financially unable to send them. The boy

school system, it is within the reach of can help himself by starting early to save.

He should make a profitable use of hisevery boy at least to go through high school. He should spent his time studying leisure time, keep a bank account, and

should seize every opportunity to earnhard and learning as much as possible.

money with which to increase his savings.since he has a great need to be able to

Thus, by his own efforts, he may be able converse with all types of people, and to assure himself of the privilege of a misespecially does he need a good knowledge sion.- Robert J. Evans, a member of the

of English, as his language will make an priests'quorum, Lchi Second ward.

A Soul

To seek for just the chance to give

The best one has to others, To dumbly work, to die, to live,

Is rest, if done for brothers!

To keep the precepts of the heart

Above all flesh desireTo humbly act the lesser part

Is love, not passion's fire!

The bread widecast; the widow's mite:

The welcome to the son;

The stone uncast; the feet hairwiped;

Are nothing, one by one!

But, through a life and as a whole.

They count for all that counts a Soul!

February. 1928. H. D. FISH.

I. A. Plan The Priesthood—M.

The muchdiscussed new plan for priestThe following letter from the General hood quorum activities in connection with Superintendency Y. M. M. I. A., which

the work of the Mutual Improvement Ascontains information and instruction persociation has now been completed; and a taining to this new plan of activity, was

booklet, containing diagrams of plan, sugsent to all Y. M. M. I. A. stake superingestions, outlines, etc., has been published tendents.

for distribution throughout the Church.

Letter to Stake Superintendents

Dear Brethren: meeting of M. I. A. officers, at which time

We are enclosing copy of communicafuller instruction will be given. In the

tions just sent forth to presidents of stakes meantime, we trust that you will give these by the General Authorities of the Church, communications;your thoughtful, prayerintroducing a new plan of procedure for ful study and note the following:

priesthood and M. I. A. meetings. We 1. This is an excellent time to cofeel sure that after careful study and adopoperate with the president of stake and

tion of these communications that there bishopric of wards in the careful selection will come greater interest in both the priestof men for the priesthood study period and

I. A. Rehood and M. I. A. work. We ask that the activity program of the M.

full cooperation be given by our workers member the best men should now be availin this program. able for these positions, as they will give

Undoubtedly, your stake and ward leadership to both groups, calling to their authorities will go forward with this plan assistance any help which they may need.

at once. If you have not completed the This general arrangement of our program

manual lessons, this should be done in may also give you opportunity, where deconnection with the M. I. A. April and sirable, to select new men for the work

I. A.May program, as outlined in the February, of other departments of the M.

March and April numbers of the Improve- 2. Both Scouting and M Men's proment Era, during the period following the grams are to be given on the same evening

priesthood meetings. One general idea to as the priesthood work or one of our great

cooperation ofbe noted, of course, is that all leaders must objectives will be lost—full

cooperate in seeing that the program goes the priesthood authorities in the activity

I. A.forward on a strict schedule of time. A program of the M.

full hour should be given to our M. I. A. 3. The housing of the program may

activity program. give some concern to our leaders; but by

We suggest that you confer with the careful study and cooperation we feel sure president of the stake at once and, on his it can be worked out.

recommendation and the approval of the 4. The plan of cooperation with the

bishops, call a meeting of the M. I. A. lesser priesthood calls for the same leaderstake and ward leaders and, with our sugship in the priesthood period to continue

gestions before you, as referred to in the in the leadership of the activity period. In

foregoing paragraph, make definite plans cooperation with the Presiding Bishopric, for carrying forward our work. it is recommended that we follow, as far as

Sunday morning, at 8 o'clock, April 8, possible, the following plan:

in the Assembly Hall, Tabernacle grounds, In one men 1213-14 group—young

scouts.Salt Lake City, there will be held a general years—deacons and

.

MUTUAL WORK 525

In another men 1516 our privilege of holding our regular group—young

scouts. monthly Sunday evening joint meetings,years—teachers and older

(A definite name and distinctive proand the Sunday evening meeting of stake gram of Scouting is now being prepared quarterly conferences.

for these older scouts, whereby they will 7. The responsibility of the Recreation

be held in a separate group in most of Program of the Church has now become their activities, although registered in the more definitely our problem. The Friday

same troop. The leaders of the deacons evening programs should be more careand teachers will cooperate fully. It is defully planned into an allyear M. I. A.

sirable that members of the bishopric and Recreation schedule for all members of the

Y. M. M. I. A. executive officers become ward.

members of the Troop Committee.) 8. We trust that you will feel free to

1718- detail in relation to this write us on any men—group—young

(also also give 1 9 unentire matter, us the opporand and M Men Inyears—priestsanother

married elders) tunity to check with you on the program 5. On account of the 7 to 7:30 meetof cooperation which you propose to carry

ing for priesthood and Y. M. M. I. A. forward.

officers being crowded with the work Praying the Lord to bless you in the which the bishopric will need to bring beleadership of this great work, we are sinfore this group, we recommend that the cerely your brethren,

Y. M. and Y. L. M. I. A. pfficers select GEORGE ALBERT SMITH,

some appropriate time for a weekly ofRICHARD R. LYMAN,

ficers'meeting, when all M. I. A. work MELVIN J. BALLARD,

may be discussed. General Superintendency,

6. This general plan.will not disturb Y. M. M. I. A.

The Program for April and May All Mutual Improvement officers, eight weeks following. As before stated,

doubtless, have read carefully the instrucall of the officers, class leaders, and comtions given in the February and March mittee members should cooperate to make magazines relative to the work to be acthese activities a success.

complished during April and May. It is Even though several evenings will be

hoped that by April 1, the groups in the occupied in ward, stake, and district tryvarious activities will have been organized outs, in contest work, which call for enand the leaders secured, so that with the thusiastic support of all members, these first session, on April 3, the work may be should not seriously interfere with the fairly begun and continued throughout the progress of this program.

Organizations Meeting on Sunday Evening

Those organizations which meet on must be exercised to keep the activities

Sunday evening will necessarily be of such a nature as to be in harmony with limited in their selection of subjects for the spirit of the Sabbath, study during April and May. Great care

Looking Forward to the M. I. A. Day

At the beginning of the AprilMay tivities provided in these outlines is a

Program, the wise, forwardlooking execurich field from which may be gathered tive officers and committees on recreation delightful material. The music groups

will have a vision of the big event that will be able to present choice numbers

I. in both instrumental and vocal selections:is to close the season's work—the M.

A. Day. These two months'activity prothe drama group will have developed a

grams should be carefully correlated with play; a lovely dance may have been the

that big event. In the wide range of acresult of the two months training. An

526 IMPROVEMENT ERA

exhibition of all contest work should be physical games and exhibits of handwork interspersed. Debating and public speakwill furnish a fine background for all.

ing will provide interesting numbers, while

CONTESTS Stake and District Meets Since the responsibility of providing stake). Judges will render their decisions,

judges for stake and district meets will not by giving the points made by each devolve upon the respective local officers, contestant or group of contestants, but by we suggest the following plan which has indicating First Place, Second Place, etc.

proved effective and which eleminates This should be done without consultation much of the difficulty in securing judges: except in case of a tie, when the judges

Each unit will provide one adjudicator, should consult. This plan will insure fair

with the understanding that he does not judgment.

cast a vote for his own unit (ward or

Division Finals With a view of helping to serve our General Board will provide adjudicators

M. I. A. officers, relieve them of some for all events at the division finals. The

of the detailed work in connection with responsibility of providing judges for our annual contests and to insure uniform stake and district meets will devolve upon judgment, it has been decided that the the respective local officers.

Dates for Division Finals (General Board to provide Judges)

7, at SaltDivision 8—Monday, May 21, at Manti. Division 2*—Thursday, June

22, at Payson. Lake City.Division 7—Tuesday, MayDivision 6—Friday, May 25, at Ogden. Division 1—Tuesday, May 29, at Salt

26, at Preston. Lake City.Division 5—Saturday, May

at PocaDivision 4—Monday, May 28.

tello. 7, at Salt These Divisions should communicateDivision 3*—Thursday, June

Lake City. general offices as to details.

M Men Hold Banquet Programs The M Men organizations of twenty Board, which was carried out, except where stakes held, on various evenings in March, changes were necessary to meet local conat the suggestion of the Senior Departditions. In most cases, the stake superment and General Board of the Young visor of M Men acted as master of cereMen's Mutual Improvement Association, monies; and the stake M Men president,

a series of interesting, effective banquet as toastmaster. Important numbers on the

programs. program were: the banquet, annual stake

The purpose of these gatherings was to election of M Men officers, address by help strengthen the spirit of fellowship the General Board representative, fol- a discussion, address by an Mand give to the M Men of each stake a lowed by feeling of responsibility and joy in their Man, general discussion of "What shall inwork. A representative from the General this stake's 192829 M Men program

Board was present at each affair, and clude?"and musical numbers.

helped to put it over in an inspirational The general feeling in the stakes where way. these banquet programs were held points

A very fitting program was suggested to an increase in M Men activity and useby the Senior Department of the General fulness.

MUTUAL WORK 527

Nevada Stake M. I. A. Gold and Green Ball

Throughout all the stakes of the Superintendent S. E. Earl of the Nevada

Church, the Annual M. I. A. Gold and stake writes: "Our dance was a great

Green Ball proved to be the outstanding success, both socially and financially. We

social event in the month of January. are now able to pay our debts, and yet

Many interesting reports from stake supershall have money left to help carry on intendents have been received, but space our work. We had no trouble in maindoes not permit the publication of all of taining M. I. A. standards; it was the

them. The accompanying picture from most orderly dance, for the size, ever conthe Nevada stake, together with their reducted here. The local press gave the afport, we think, is representative of the fair very favorable comment."

success attained in all the other stakes.

Queen and Attendants at Nevada Stake Gold and Green Ball

Seated: Nathalie Hansen, queen. Standing, left to right: Belva Smith. Mariorie Ball.

Helen Johnson, Edward Earl, Mrs. Paul Robison, dancing teacher, Ivin Monson, Clyde

Freeman. Walter Conrad and Claude Behrman.

New Superintendent

Orson C. Dursteler, Reed Apts., Twin superintendent of Y. M. M. I. A. in the

Falls, Idaho, was recently appointed Twin Falls stake, to succeed W. E. Bitter.

528 IMPROVEMENT ERA Read Book of Mormon in One Day

"And, with a bit of a grin, he tackled pages an hour, through the morning hours late the day, and daylight, on throughthe thing that couldn't be done; and he until last the night, finishing following into the

did it."At least, that is the essence of page at fifteen minutes before midnight. Mv

the following interesting letter from Clyde actual reading time was 21% hours.

B. Crandall, ward clerk, Rupert, Idaho: "I do not wish to leave the impression

that this was an endurance test, or that I "At this time, when so much interest is hurried through the book simply to say that shown in the Book of Mormon, I thought I had read it. Plenty of time was taken to

it might be a stimulus to the Eta readers to understand what was read and every minute know that I have read the complete book was thoroughly enjoyed."

the day. This on January was in one sixth In the efforts of the M. I. A. to enreasons for doine several this year. I had of

this: the novelty of the accomplishment, the courage all members of the Church to read

desire to grasp the story complete, and the the Book of Mormon, some have made the wish to disprove the belief of a great many, excuse that "it takes too much time."

that the reading of this book is an all winter's Though we do not encourage the reading task. "The evening before I was to begin. of the entire book in one day, Brother

I went to bed earlier than usual. A few Crandall's experiment proves that the eleminutes before twelve o'clock, midnight. I ment of time should not enter into so

arose, and, promptly at twelve, began readpleasurable a task. The benefit derived

I read took for ing. four hours and then from reading the Book of Mormon far half relaxation for or meals. an hour about

This I did, reading at the rate of about 25 exceeds the amount of time expended.

The Last Log House in Providence, Utah

The log cabin, first home of the Utah hard times and ever wish we had things pioneer, is rapidly disappearing from the better and easier. This, however, is a

settlements and cities good flaw in human of the intermountain nature. Were it not

country. In Provifor this feeling of

dence, Utah, only discontent through one log house reout the civilized mains to remind one world in every age, of those earlyday there would be little struggles and privaprogress in any line tions: yet days of endeavor. Had

fraught no less with someone not been pleasures and the joy dissatisfied with of accomplishment. walking, with the

Perhaps our parents pack mule, or with and grandparents, Last Log Cabin in Providence, Utah the old log cabins, who built and lived would we have had in houses like this, who ate their meals our automobiles, our network of railoff tables of slabs hewn by themroads over the country, our aeroplanes, or selves, did their sewing and reading by our luxurious homes, etc.? It is the whip

the light of the candle or oil lamps and of Discontent and Dissatisfaction that slept on straw ticks or perhaps on the drives us to better things, that forces us bare floor, were just as happy as we are higher up the ladder in the world's work, for progress. The log house today, with our modern homes and con-—that makes

veniences, electric appliances, and myriad now standing in Providence is still ocyet of one of our early other useful and beautiful things which we cupied,—the home

now have. We also complain about our pioneers. H. L. Hammond, Logan. Utah.

.

MUTUAL WORK 529

Current Events

A Study for the Advanced Senior Class M. I. A.. 1927-2?

(April, 1928)

1 Religion and Social Service a. A Fair Chance for Prohibition. by facts. The future religious leadership

The Commission on Youth appeals to in America will come from church homes.

the young people for sportsmanlike treatment of the eighteenth amendment. Questions

The law needs an educative rather than 1. What is "Who's Who in America?"

an arbitrary preservation. 2. How many prominent ministers were

listed in the survey to find out whether

Questions church leaders have produced church leader;

or not? 1. How did the Commission on Youth 3. What per cent of the whole number of

come into existence and for what purpose was ministers investigated were not sons of minit organized? isters or church leiders?

2. Is the finding of the Commission in 4. Wherein lies the value of such infavor of or against prohibition? vestigations?

3. Discuss the four alternatives that face

the antiprohibitionist? e. The Catholic Church and the Modern

(Literary Digest, February, p. 30.) Mind.

Why the celibacy of priests? (Peterb. The Greatest Gift Year in History.

was a married man.) Other practices: Gifts usual and unusual, for progress

Twelve years'course of preparation for the protection. milforand Gifts unusual—a priesthood. Officiating in a language not anlion of youth; for the advancement

other million to foster home ownership. understood by the people. The full hour

of prayer daily, by priests. The confession

Questions and forgiveness of sins. The absolute intellectual submission. The relative value

gift the milliondollar 1. How does for of routine compliance and freeright living. colonial with theencouragement compare

custom of community homebuilding for the "newly weds?"Question

2. How much did America give away in 1. Who is the author of this article?1927?

(Literary Digest. February 18. p. 20.) (Reader's Digest. February, p. 58.1

c. Rules for Happy Marriage (By Frank f. Widow's Claim Upheld.

Crane). A husband meets death; the Utah In

Fifteen rules for domestic success. Each dustrial Commission awards the widow inrule tensely elaborated upon. A very consurance compensation. Insurance carriers

sistent proportion of do's and don'ts given. demurred to the decision; the state supreme

court upheld the decision of the commisProblems sion. The case was appealed to the Supreme Court of the Republic. The widow 1 Arrange the fifteen rules in the order

of their importance from your point of view. had no money to defend her case. The

2. Add to the fifteen one or more good Boston Legal Aid Society came to her

rules. rescue. She got her compensation.

(Reader's Digest. February, p. 623. Condensed from American Magazine.) Questions

d. Parsons'Sons. 1. What is the Boston Legal Aid Society?

The popular belief that the families of 2. To what does the existence and activity

ministers have produced more than their of this(See societyDeseretpoint?Eixning News. February 23.

share of black sheep is said to be unfounded 1928.)

530 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Y. M. M. I. A. Statistical Report, February, 1928

Class o Attendance D 0, 31 a a and M STAKE "3 d in pai COo g c o3 g c 0 c c "C ".2 c Officers Leaders $.2u o1 s e u j Total

d 6Z O J < UJ 1/1S UJ < W D< < <--a <K 1-o 1000 IS 13 140 175 331 335 981 | 82 69 113 149 413 480 13 9 61 79 96 155 3911 47 37 95 93?77

Benson... 760 14 14 149 236 222 50 258 915 88 112 108 26 169 503

Box Elder... 557 13 13 131 219 228 43 225 846 101 149 119 26 170 565

Cache 567 8 8 79 95 83 68 245 570 57 65 44 31 158 355 747 10 10 115 98 190 40 320 763 102 70 150 30 220 577 521 12 12 110 216 160 22 193 701 75 102 97 15 118 407 450 10 10 94 114 167 27 211 613 74 80 99 143 396 500 10 7 52 57 162 145 416 32 27 101 106 766 960 8 8 81 277 285 54 333 1030 67 249 119 30 234 6Q Q

Garfield...... 310 8 6 48 68 55 19 59 249 31 34 17 21 40 143

Granite... 1100 9 9 96 149 264 146 331 986 80 84 166 81 253 664

1400 14 14 135 117 281 137 377 1047 119 81 169 101 289 759

Gunnison. 279 7 7 61 84 55 78 278 56 58 31 52 197

Juab 337 5 5 50 111 105 104 370 47 65 65 74 251 223 6 4 37 24 35 30 126 28 20 32 23 103 1435 12 12 131 289 286 166 379 1251 110 183 170 lib 296 869

Logan 595 1 1 9 86 93 159 19 213 570 59 51 90 10 156 366

Morgan 203 10 64 77 76 21 52 290 52 42 36 17 43 190

Mount Ogden 687 8 57 71 98 48 136 411 45 53 53 37 109 297

Nebo... 454 9 8 65 113 135 192 505 52 45 66 134 297

461 7 7 62 55 115 13 154 399 45 18 44 7 96 7in 710 10 10 76 112 196 237 621 54 39 75 137 305 636 13 12 81 38 141 17 221 498 59 19 62 8 141 789 876 11 11 110 145 217 85 300 857 73 89 100 39 189 490 497 6 6 64 79 92 26 169 430 52 30 49 6 73 710

Palmyra. 481 8 8 72 142 150 18 223 605 52 56 70 14 134 326

Pioneer 740 10 10 92 115 203 56 246 712 71 71 111 27 160 440

Roosevelt 334 12 1 69 144 103 13 141 470 42 102 40 11 80 275 680 14 12 113 115 154 27 138 547 78 78 74 21 113 364

Salt Lake 1090 13 13 132 196 265 77 326 996 106 111 147 59 215 638 526 8 8 75 115 183 227 600 65 55 115 185 470 333 8 2 16 26 9 8 26 85 12 21 3 7 21 64 270 5 3 23 28 5 29 43 128 18 17 5 18 39 97 400 9 8 45 51 79 4 116 295 32 33 34 3 80 18?

Uintah 415 10 10 76 120 109 26 171 502 61 70 84 24 122 361

Utah 1168 16 7 56 82 154 197 489 39 44 73 127 783

Wasatch 392 9 5 34 58 62 116 270 30 21 38 64 153

Weber 712 9 9 80 87 136 38 184 525 59 51 69 21 113 313 233 7 5 34 50 19...... 58 161 26 22 8 29 85

365 1 1 10 71 77 79 - 136 363 47 47 38 72 704 510 13 8 10 15 9 3 8 45 6 8 6 4 6 30 226 6 2 11 20 11 3 5 50 9 11 8 1 79 365 10 r> 74 101 80 88 343 63 60 38 65 776

Burley 318 9 7 44 118 87 "l3 88 350 38 33 45 9 52 177

Cassia. 152 6 6 45 69 47 60 221 28 40 16 28 112

434 11 1 1 95 126 119 13 174 527 66 66 70 7 131 330 666 14 14 122 204 182 24 181 713 100 141 129 22 111 503 199 7 6 57 37 22 10 51 177 30 19 9 6 38 107

Idaho Falls 614 12 8 85 140 89 20 95 429 49 71 36 44 200 123 3 3 19 38 25 32 114 13 18 15 12 58

Malad 402 11 6 60 72 76 117 325 43 42 47 75 207 244 8 5 36 66 45 58 205 23 28 22 4 34 107 367 14 12 76 120 74 109 386 54 79 39 68 244

MUTUAL WORK 531

a i isi s s as a T3 t/3 t/3 w STAKE "2 "S?, "< -o "W g g -o c V c "E i S B u S 5 c "O t - - 3 = > c O o si

2 "3< 01C c 3 = Oh O -! < < to < < < h iwa Z6 Zd SOj

369 11 11 98 1 1 451 69 61 64 91 785 552 10 9 94 1101124 27 182 537 72 65 67 18 123 345 172 8 4 26 30 5 1 25 86 19 20 2 20 61

Rigby 516 13 8 80 100 80 30| 62 352 63 78 53 19 42 255 310 9 9 88 104 82.116 390 54 45 48 49 196

550 8 5 27 28 19 46| 47 167 4 6 3 4 5??

Twin Falls 216 5 5 33 80 52. 30 195 25 37 31 17 120

377 10 10 67 101 84 68 320 50 73 60 58?41

Big Horn 318 6 6 42 91 89. 1 62 284 32 68 52 44 196

Alberta 406 10 7 58 9 119 37 111 424 40 54 55 14 86 749

Hollywood 322 10 10 86 123 181 46| 77 513 70 76 113 30 57 346 223 10 9 79 92 67 44) 60 342 49 71 36 25 47?78

Los Angeles 420 9 9 89 126 254 118 587 75 103 172 105 455 196 6 6 48 87 65 121 81 293 36 64 49 56?14

431 8 8 73 97 107 121182 471 55 74 69 7 110 315

St. Joseph 583 16 3 30 40 42 \7\ 48 177 23 24 23 9 28 107

San Francisco. 373 10 8 53 103 113 4 67 340 45 81 75 2 49 252

Snowflake 300 1 1 4 62 113 76 59| 79 389 25 29 20 18 23 115

Star Valley 365 11 9 101 7? 117 211104 415 50 39 47 7 45 188

334 6 6 72 107 132 761 86 473 54 66 85 42 49 796 325 6 6 47 66 61 9| 51 234 33 38 23 3 33 130

California Mission 500 25 21 150 216 115 43|115 639 97 140 110 34 55 436

GermanAustrian Mission 721 16 126 160 39 1 1 68 493 111 135 351 153 434

N. W. States Mission 202 11 6 44 60 100 18| 18 240 35 421 54! 8 181157

Western States Mission 102 S 6 32 65 93 3 1 1 63 284 25 25 | 95 | 5 50'200

Y. M. M. I. A. Efficiency Report, February, 1928

c 1? 1 T3 j4o z M s s 2 STAKE a o CQ (A c mJ <

Si t u 2 c aa C n o"3 o S!5 < rS U] LL 11

Alpine 10 6 10 10 9 6 10 7 10 9 87 8 10 8 7 8 6 7 9 9 8 80 Benson 10 8 10 10 8 7 9 8 10 10 90

Box Elder 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

Cache. 10 9 10 9 7 4 9 10 10 10 88

Cottonwood 10 10 10 10 10 8 9 9 10 10 96 10 9 10 10 9 9 10 10 9 9 95 East Jordan.. 10 10 9 10 10 8 9 10 10 9 95

Emery 8 10 9 8 8 4 8 8 9 8 80 Ensign 10 10 10 10 10 7 8 7 10 10 92 8 9 10 6 8 8 7 5 10 10 81 9 10 10 9 10 7 6 9 10 10 90 7 10 10 10 10 6 9 8 10 10 90 10 10 10 10 10 10 9 10 9 10 98

Juab 10 10 9 8 8 6 10 7 10 10 88

Kanab 6 10 7 3 3 10 10 10 10 69 9 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 98 Logan 10 10 9 10 7 5 9 8 8 8 85

Morgan 10 10 10 2 3 8 10 8 8 4 73 532 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Mount Ogden 10 10 10 10 10 10 10

Ncbo 10 10 2 6 6 10 7 North Davis 9 7 4 9 10 10 8 North Sanpete - 10 10 9 9 6 6 10

North Weber 5 7 7 9 10 9 10 Ogden 10 10 8 10 9 10 10 Oquirrh 10 8 6 8 10 10 10 Palmyra 10 8 9 10 10 10 9 Pioneer 10 9 9 9 6 10 10 Roosevelt 6 3 5 7 8 8 7 St. George 9 5 6 9 9 8

Salt Lake 10 9 9 9 9 10 10 South Davis 10 10 10 10 10 10 10

South Sanpete 9 7 6 6 6 8 9 South Sevier 3 3 3 1 6 3 1 Tintic 6 2 5 3 8 6 6 Tooele 9 3 8 6 8 7 8 U intah 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 Utah 10 8 5 7 10 10 10 Wasatch.. 6 4 5 5 6 4 5

Weber 9 9 6 8 8 10 10 Bannock 3 2 4 7 7 7 2 Bear Lake 7 5 8 8 8 9 9 Blackfoot 9 8 7 8 9 9 7 Blaine 2 2 3 3 Boise 10 5 6 9 7 9 8 Burley 6 4 6 8 7 7 4 Cassia 10 10 9 9 9 10 9 Franklin 9 8 10 9 9 10 9 Fremont 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 Idaho 10 7 7 9 9 10 10 Idaho Falls.. 7 6 5 7 6 8 8

I ost River 10 7 5 7 10 10 7 Malad 10 10 10 10 10 10 9 Minidoka 6 5 6 4 6 6 5 Montpelier 8 4 6 6 8 6 7 Oneida 10 9 10 9 7 10 6 Pocatello.. 10 10 10 10 10 10 10

Raft River 9 6 6 7 6 4 Rigby 5 5 5 9 8 8 5 Shelley 10 8 9 10 9 10 10 Teton 7 2 7 10 5 10 8 Twin Falls 10 6 7 6 8 7 8 8 Yellowstone 9 6 7 9 9 10 10 9 Big Horn 10 10 10 10 10 8 6 9 Alberta 10 I 6 I 8 7 10 9 7 7 I

Hollywood 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10

Lcthbridge 9 10 6 7 8 8 10 10 Los Angeles 10 10 10 7 9 8 10 10

Lyman 10 9 8 8 9 8 9 8 Maricopa 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 9

St. Joseph 10 7 10 8 10 8 10 10

San Francisco 10 4 9 9 7 9 10 9

Snowflake 3 5 5 4 6 10 8 3 Star Valley 4 7 7 7 7 6 6 Taylor 10 8 8 10 10 10 10 Woodruff HI 6 6 7 10 7 9 Ca'ifornia Mission 8 7 9 9 9 10 |

GcrminAustrian Mission 3 9 9 10 9 10 I

N. W. States Mission - 10 | 10 I 7 10 10 8 10 10 1

Wes'ern States M-'ssion 10 | 10 | 5 4 6 1 4 1

Six stakes attained 100% efficiency in the month of February. They were: Box Elder,

South Davis. Uintah. Fremont. Pocatello and Hollywood. Maricopa stake missed by only 1%.

Twentythree stakes failed to send in reports. In the report for January the efficiency percentage for the Ensign stake should have been 92 instead of 82.

EVENT

The toll in life and property, as a reham, has been uncovered by archaeologists sult of the breaking of the dam in San of the University of Pennsylvania and the

Francisquito canyon, near Los Angeles, British museums, according to an AssoCal.. March 13, 1928, was, the followciated Press dispatch from Philadelphia.

ing day, estimated at over 400 lives lost March 11, 1928. The grave is described

and damage to property at $20,000,000. as a remarkable architectural construction.

Five hundred homes were destroyed or The explorers found the chambers mostly damaged, and 20 lineal miles of citrus empty, except for a few objects which orchard was buried under mud and silt. former explorers had overlooked. A beauAbout 1500 persons were rendered hometiful set of shell plaques engraved with

less. Bridges were destroyed, telegraph scenes of animals and framed in lapis

and telephone lines were broken over a lazuli came from a broken gaming board;

large area, and livestock, total not estithere were many beads; two or three inmated, perished. Mayor Cryer, after a laid shell handles of staffs, and a small

visit to the scene of the disaster, said: "Los gold cup. In the farther chamber was a

Angeles cannot restore the lives lost, but remarkable plaque, originally of wood damages should be paid. This disaster was twentythree inches long and seven and

incidental to the operations of the city of a half inches wide, covered on both sides

Los Angeles in providing a water supply. with a mosaic in shell, red stone and lapis.

We of Los Angeles must face the responsiElder F. F. Hintze, for many years

bility. I do not know how the money can prominent in Church work, passed away

be raised, but the legal technicalities, and at his home in the Tenth ward in Salt the law that must be invoked to do this, Lake City, March 9, 1928, after a lingershall be invoked."According to C. C. ing illness). He was born at Roskildc,

Teague, president of the Santa Clara River Denmark. May 13, 1854, and was bapValley Protectors district, the dam was tized at the age of eight years. In 1864

built without permission of the state dihe came to Utah with his parents, who vision of water rights and it was not conlocated in Big Cottonwood. He was quite

structed to withstand the test that it was active in missionary work. He filled three

subjected to. missions in the United States, one in the

A liberal Donation for Rome. Cardinal Scandinavian countries, and one in Turkey.

Mundelein from Chicago, on March 12, He accompanied President Anthon H.

$1,500.000—money1928, handed Pope Piuscollecteda checkin forthe Lundhe supervisedon a triptheto Palestinetranslationin and1897.printingLater

United States for the propagation of Roof the Book of Mormon in the Turkish manism. The audience lasted over an language.

hour and a half, and it is said to be the Rodman Wanamaker, last surviving most memorable in the history of the son of the late John Wanamaker. head

Vatican. The cardinal was received with of the stores that bear the family name,

military honors, papal gendarmes standing ended his earthly career at Atlantic City, at attention at the entrance to the palace, March 9, 1928, 65 years old. Mr. Wanain the courtyard and on the marble stairs. maker was interested in many enterprises of

In the private library, where the audience a civic and philanthropic nature, not only took place, the cardinal prostrated himself here and in New York, but abroad as well.

before the pope, but the latter raised him He was a generous patron of art and had up and embraced him. many examples of the work of great

Ancient tomb at Ur uncovered. The painters and other artists in the New York

oldest grave thus far found in the Ur of and Philadelphia stores. He had given

the Chaldees. the original home of AbraJgytgbly of hi9 wealth to further aviation.

536 IMPROVEMENT ERA

He financed the airship "America,"which claim has elicited a statement by Fedor Fewas wrecked in a storm in 1914, when it dorovich Siromolotov, formerly a millionattempted a transatlantic flight. Byrd's aire lumber king who was chairman of the

aerial flight to the north pole and his later Ural mountain district executive committee hop to France were made possible by Mr. in 1918. responsible for the massacre. He

Wanamaker's backing. says, through Universal Service, that he,

Wm. H. Crane, sometimes referred to with three others, signed the death waras "the last of the great actors,"and rant and saw it executed. The whole imknown as one of the great comedians of perial family, he says, were shot to death.

the world, passed away at Hollywood. Anastasia was killed, he asserts, with a 45Cal., March 7, 1928, at the age of 83. caliber German army revolver, still in his

Mr. Crane ended his stage career of 53 possession! The statement continues:

years, in 1918, when he toured the Pa- "Mme. Tchaikovsky's story of a bayonet

cific states in a comedy called "The Very thrust breaking her jaw is absolutely false,

Idea."Since then he has lived at the because no bayonets were used. The whole

Hollywood hotel and worked on a book family were shot with revolvers. Members

recently produced under the title, "Footof the committee visited the villa at Ekaterprints and Echoes."inburg after the executions and saw the

U. S. Senator James A. Reed of Misbodies. A physician pronounced them

souri, delivered a powerful and eloquent dead."As to the fate of the members of

address at the Salt Lake Theater. March the committee, we are told that one died;

5. 1928, in which he savagely attacked a second. Peter Voikoff. Soviet ambassador

the Republican party leaders. A reception to Poland, was shot dead by an assassin

to which all residents of Salt Lake City at Warsaw, and the third. Beloberodov, is

were invited was held the following day languishing in exile as a member of the for Senator and Mrs. Reed at the NewTrotsky opposition.

house hotel. The Missouri senator, it is Pres. John E. Magelbu of South Sevier

understood, is a candidate for the Demostake, has been appointed to preside over cratic nomination for president of the the New Zealand mission, according to

United States. an announcement from the President's of-

A statue of Mrs. Emmeline B. Welts fice, March 1, 1928. He succeeds Presiwas unveiled and accepted on behalf of the dent Howard Jenkins, who has been

state, by Governor Dern, Wednesday. Feb. honorably released. President Magelbv

29, 1928, in the state capitol. The rohas filled two missions to New Zealand,

tunda of the capitol had been decorated one in 188589 and one in 18981902.

for the occasion with numerous plants and President and Mrs. Magelby were honored

flowers. The bust is the gift of the womwith a farewell party at Monroe, Februen of Utah and will find a permanent ary 29.

resting place in the northwest niche that General Armando Diaz, commander of faces into the rotunda of the state capitol. the Italian forces during the world war.

It is the first statuary of a Utah charpassed away Feb. 29, 67 years old. Inacter that is to find a place in the state's fluenza developing into pneumonia is

hall of fame. President Heber J. Grant given as the cause of death. Diaz took

offered the invocation. Dr. Jane W. command of Italy's armies after the

Skolfield made the presentation of the Caporetto disaster, when the Italians sufstatue to the state. The bust was unfered great losses. He was a tenacious

veiled by Mrs. Emmeline C. Martineau and fighter, and, aided by the British and

was accepted on behalf of the state by French, drove the invading Austrians back.

Governor George H. Dern. After completely reorganizing and reAnastasia dead. A woman, Mme, aligning his troops, Diaz broke through

Tchaikovsky, now in the United States,, the Austrian front in 1918 and inclaims to be Anastasia. the daughter of the flicted a disastrous defeat on the Austrian

murdered czar and czarina of Russia. Her army. He was appointed minister of war

PASSING EVENTS 537

in Mussolini's cabinet in 1922, resigning He is now 54 years old. He still has "copin 1924. He was elevated to the rank of per patches"but physicians believe that if

marshal in 1924. he lives a few more years he will become

Wounded in Nicaragua. A 16year-old entirely white.

youth from Payson, Utah. Raymond B. Across the Atlantic in one day is the

Carter, was wounded, February 25, 1928. ambition of an inventor in Philadelphia,

in a skirmish between American marines Mr. Louis Sher, who has invented a ship

and Sandino's followers. He was shot which, he believes, will plow the water at

down when a patrol ran into a machine the rate of 100 miles an hour. The pringun fire directed from ambush. The youth cipal feature of his device is a method of

is the son of Wm. Carter, of Payson. He propulsion by means of springs, brought

enlisted at the age of 15, because he deunder tension either through expansion or sired "adventure."and left California with compression and released to oscillate a series

the other marines who were sent to Nicof pedals mounted on an axle. The pedals

aragua to "get"Sandino. dip in the water, one following the other

in quick succession as the springs are re-

A New Vitamen, the sixth known to leased, driving the boat forward.

science, is said to have been discovered by The famous Moffat tunnel was ofDr. Herbert M. Evans, head of the deficially opened. Feb. 26, 1928, by Govpartment of anatomy of the University of ernor \V. H. Adams of Colorado, in the

California. Dr. Evans calls it Vitamin F. presence of 2.500 persons, who came to

He says it is an essential food element for the east mouth of the tunnel by special the normal growth of animals and espetrain from Denver. The governor and

cially for the development of the qualities ExGovernor Oliver H. Shoup drove the

necessary to reproduction. Lettuce and gold spike into a tie just at the entrance

liver are said to be especially potent, but it to the tunnel amid loud cheers. Short

is not to be assumed, we are told, that addresses were made by ExGovernor the vitamin in question can be manufacShoup. Governor Adams, and Mayor John

tured and sold as certain glandular extracts F. Bowman of Salt Lake City. W. P.

have been. Robinson formally transferred the ownerVolcanic eruption in Idaho? Accordship of the tunnel to the Denver ft Salt

ing to an Associated Press dispatch from Lake railroad, and W. R. Freeman, presBoise, Idaho, Feb. 25. 1928, the possiident of the railroad, accepted on behalf of

bility of a new eruption in the craters of the road. The tunnel. 6.2 miles long, is

the Moon National Monument in Butte the longest railroad bore in North Amerand Blaine counties is being discussed beica. It will cut off twentyseven miles of

cause of a report from Aberdeen stating travel over the Continental divide and the that steam had been observed shooting up road, when completed to Salt Lake City, from the lava crevices, accompanied by will cut the distance between Denver and hissing and rumbling noises. Dean Francis the Pacific coast by 1 8 1 miles. Coloradoans

A. Thompson, director of the state bureau declare that its completion opens up a

of mines and geology, declared here last hitherto inaccessible region as large as the fall another eruption in the craters was not state of Pennsylvania.

only possible but even might be regarded Earthauake in Palestine. Anoth?r

as likely because of the new stage of earthquake was reported in a dispatch from geological formation there. Dean ThomJerusalem. Feb. 23. 1928. Two shocks

son's prediction was made after an investioccurred, one at 3 a. m. and one at 7:50

gation of the crater country. p. m. The tremors were felt all over the

Indian turning white. A Winnebago country, and damage was done in JeruIndian, Louis Armell, living on the resersalem. Jericho, and TelAviv. Several

vation, is said to be the object of scientific walls of the Hebrew university building observation because for many years his at Mount Scopus were cracked. The

skin has gradually been turning white. Allenbv bridge across the river Jordan was

538 IMPROVEMENT ERA

damaged. All traffic across the bridge hemisphere is dedicated to peace and seeks

was stopped because of its weakened conpacific solution of difficulties."Then he

dition. Thus far no casualties have been pledged all his own energy and strength

reported. to promote the pacific settlement of disThe sixth congress of the PanAmerican putes. Mr. Hughes pointed out that all

Union, in session at Havana since Jan. 18, means to that end falls under three head1928, convened Feb. 20. A number of conferences or meetings ings—periodicalsubjects were considered. Among these for candid exchange of views on controcan be mentioned the adoption of a comversial subjects; (measures of conciliation,

mercial aviation convention, plans for an or provision whereby "reason may have interAmerican.automobile highway explay before force takes the field; and

pected some day to extend from Canada judicial settlement for which definite into Patagonia, a PanAmerican railway, stitutions would be necessary. Mr. Hughes

better river navigation, improved cable, was, the accounts say, the object of a great telegraph and radio communications also ovation while pledging his country and were outstanding among the recommendahimself for peace.

tions. Reports of the committee on intellectual cooperation adopted included The preliminary security conference convened at Geneva, Feb. 20, 1928. Its purrecommendations for the protection of the

rights of authors and artists, the pensionpose is to promote disarmament. The

Japanese delegate. Viscount Saito, declared

ing of journalists, prohibition of publication or communication of false or exagthat, owing to changed world conditions, treaties arbitration have the Japanese may relatinggerated news to any American is fat revised, to be and the question howcountry. Aspects immigraof American

tion and emigration problems were touched the United States would go to meet any

Japanese proposal calculated to make theupon, but the subject was referred to the new treaty a more effective instrumentinternational immigration conference meetdraft convention for dising here next month. The first construcagainst war. A

armament was deposited with the Leaguetive conclusion toward codification of pri vate international law was reached at the of Nations by the Russian observer at the conference. Perhaps the most important conference, Mr. Boris Stein. It is similar

matter disposed of was the agreement reto the proposals of Maxim Litvinoff, presented at the last meeting of the preparagarding the basis for arbitration treaty to be held in Washington within one year tory disarmament conference. The British

for the purpose of drawing up a collecdelegate, Lord Cuchendun, on Feb. 23,

tive PanAmerican covenant providing for spoke against "multilateral arbitration the settlement of international disputes. treaties."

Aggressive warfare condemned. Charles Maggie Ivins Bentley, daughter of Israel

E. Hughes, head of the American delegaand Julia Hill Ivins, and sister of Prestion to the congress of the PanAmerican ident Anthony W. Ivins, passed away on

Union, in session at Havana, pledged the January 14, 1928. in Colonia Juarez,

United States to a policy of nonaggression Mexico, where she has lived for more than in this hemisphere, Feb. 17, 1928, in disthirty-six years. She was born in St.

cussing the committee report on the Pacific George. Utah, March 31, 1871. She was

settlement of international disputes. Fermarried to Joseph C. Bentley, and the

nando Gonzales Roa, of Mexico, introunion was blessed with nine children, six duced a resolution, declaring all aggresof whom survive her. During her life

sive war illegal and providing that intershe was a devoted wife and mother, and national disputes should be settled by paan active worker in the L. D. S. Church,

cific means. Mr. Hughes, in support of being president of the Primary associathe resolution, said: "The United States tions in the Juarez stake, and a member of

joins most heartily in the declaration that the Relief Society stake board. She had

there shall be no more war of aggression a beautiful character and was talented in in America. We must show that this both music and art.

TODAY'S PROGRAM Storing—Parking - Washing

Polishing - Greasing—Oiling

Gasing Open to the Puhlic MEDICAL ARTS GARAGE 48 East South Temple OneHalf Block East Utah Hotel

What is Flavor Zone ELECTRIC COOKING

See the WESTINGHOUSE Automatic

Electric Ranges in our stores and let us tell you all about it.

Utah Power & Light Co.

Efficient Public Service

ALFALFA, CLOVER, /Smgh* GARDEN, GRASS AND tfjplSHisk GRAIN, ROLLED FEED,

SEEDS, FIELD Wl> FLOUR BIRD (p$Pj]f HONEY, SEED \M) POP si PPLIES POULTRY wStalrtlSr

BARY CHICKS—ALL VARIETIES

CO. VOGLER SEED & PRODUCE WAS. 804PHONE 30 W. 1st SOUTH, SALT LAKE CITY

W. H. W. SMITH, Mgr. Conference Visitors WELCOME

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "A WORD FITLY SPOKEN IS LIKE APPLES OF GOLD IN

PICTURES OF SILVER"You sir or madam. Establish yourself in a business of your own with my

toiletries and true fruit flavoring extracts; flavors, vanilla, lemon, orange, etc., nonalcoholic, and reap a harvest of gold. Write for free booklet with wholesale prices.

A packet of sample flavors postpaid $1.00. Sample of BEAUTY OF YOUTH

SAGE SHAMPOO postpaid 10c. Address:

F. R. WOOLLEY, JR., PHG., Manufacturing Chemist

422 31st St., Ogden, Utah

HUMOROUS HINTS

A very rich man married a beautiful woman, who was beneath him socially.

One night a certain distinguished guest took her to dinner and between the courses she sat resting her hands on the table.

Suddenly an awkward silence began, and her partner whispered, "Awful pause!"

"So would you have,"the hostess replied, indignantly, "if you had spent as much time at the washtub as I have done!"

Young musician to elder one: "What did you think of my piano solo, wasn't it great?"

Elder musician: "Yes, very great. Beethoven would have given a great deal to have

heard your playing."

Young musician: "Do you really think so?"

Elder musician: "Yes, indeed, Beethoven was deaf, you know."D. C. R.

Individual Sacrament Sets NOW IN STOCK Best in the market Will last a life time 36 glasses in each tray

RECOMMENDED BY PATRONS. REFERENCES FURNISHED

Hade especially for L. D. S. Churches, and successfully used in Utah and

InterMountain region, also in all Missions in the United States, Europe, and

Pacific Islands. Basic metal, Nickel Silver, heavily plated with Solid Silver.

SIMPLE, SANITARY, DURABLE Satisfaction guaranteed. Inquiries cheerfully answered.

TWO OF MANY ACKNOWLEDGMENTS Mt. Carmel, Utah.

We have received the individual sacrament set in good shape and, speaking in behalf of the people of the ward, are very well pleased with the set.

Mink Creek, Idaho.

We received the sacrament ret in good shape, and we are very well pleased with it.

We wish to thank you for your prompt attention.

Temple Block BUREAU OF INFORMATION Salt Lake City

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Advertising Policy of the Era We accept only tinhlgrbeal clou of ndvcrlisiiiK. We reoommcnd to our

reader* (he firing find gondii found in our ndrertlainfr paireH

ADVRRTISRRS IV THIS ISSUE Beneficial Life Ins. Co. Medical Arts Garage

Bureau of Information Paul Paulsen, Builder

Deseret Book Store Salt Lake Knitting Co.

Deseret News Southern Pacific Lines

Fleisehmann's Veast Utah Agricultural College

InterMountain Life Ins. Co. [*tah Home Fire Ins. Co.

Jos. Wm. Taylor, Undertaker Utah Power & Light Co.

.1. S Jensen & Sons Vogler Seed Co.

Keeley Ice Cream Co. F. R. Woolley, Jr.. Products

L. D. S. Business College i ion's Cooperative Merc. Inst.

Wedding Bells

Always Ring in June Our advice to those who may he concerned

Right now is the time to decide who will make your Announcements or

Invitations. You should entrust this work to a firm that assures you the

newest in style and correctness in taste.

See us now, or send for samples and prices of Printed, New Process Embossed or Engraved Wedding Stationery.

Our line of Social Stationery is complete nnd Prices I: i li li t

The Deseret News Press 29 Richards Street Salt Lake Citj

Did Ton Ever Think of This If you are not specifically trained for some type of useful employment it will not be long before the world will point its finger at you and call you a failure.

Ours is a school of opportunity. Here you have a chance

to do the best you can, independently of what anybody else may do.

EVERY MONDAY we open the doors of opportunity when shall we have the privilege of welcoming you?

L. D. S. Business College

Write for Information

"Utah's Largest Commercial Training SchooF'

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Builder of Heber J. Grant Library

Reliable D. D. S. Also

Contractor—Ward Taylorsville Jr.

and Stake buildHigh School, ings, throughout Lincoln Jr. High

the Church, given School, special consideraGymnasium,American Fork, tion. Chapel, Burton

Ward, Member of Asso danChapel,Ward,So. Jorciated Genera O. P. S k a g g s'

Contractors of Bakery, othmany bettheAmerica.—anders; with

ter class of homes.

Built 1925—Cost of $125,000

The buildings I have erected in the last twelve years stand as substantial evidence of absolute fair dealing and honest work. I contract for any building

from $5,000 to $500,000—guaranteed cost. May I not figure with you—for Mutual

Benefit?

PHONE HYLAND 3945—OR WRITE

PAUL PAULSEN General Contractor and Builder 97 W. 24th SOUTH SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

C?

I Have Found Fleischmann's Yeast Keeps Me Physically Fit"

"I was troubled with sour stomach and indigestion and did not think yeast would be of any benefit to me,"writes Vern A. Cullimore of Orem, Utah, "but for the

past three years I have eaten Fleischmann's Yeast with beneficial results.

"Being in work which does not give me much exercise, I have found that yeast tones up my system and keeps me physically fit.

"By taking two to three cakes of yeast per day before meals, I am not troubled with sour stomach or indigestion in the least and take pleasure in recommending

Fleischmann's Yeast as a corrective food as well as one which will absolutely relieve indigestion in all forms."

Thousands of other people who have suffered from constipation and its attendant ills—indigestion, skin eruptions and rundown condition—have found relief

through eating this fresh food. Eat three cakes a day, one before each meal. Eat it

plain, in small pieces; dissolved in water, cold or hot (not scalding) or any way

you prefer.

FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST

At All Grocers'

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Reading

Brings wisdom to the young, and instruction to the old—it brings

solace to everyone.

We have laid in a wonderful supply of new hooks for the boys and girls—books that instruct

while they amuse—that entertain

while they impart wisdom.

From the kiddies just able to understand Mother Goo9e Rhymes, to the more advanced pupil of the High School, we have books that suit every taste.

Come in and let us show them to you or write us for circulars.

Deseret Book Company 44 EAST ON SOUTH TEMPLE

JOSEPH WILLIAM TAYLOR

UTAH'S LEADING 1872 UNDERTAKER 1927 Best Equipped for Calls Night or Day in or Out of the City

Price of Caskets at Your Suiting—Services the Latest Advancement

Phones Wasatch 7600, Both Office and Residence 2125 SOUTH WEST TEMPLE STREET

Fire Is No Respecter Of Persons

You may wait till tomorrow to insure but the fire may not.

"See our agent in your town"UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO. General Agents Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA rrEnurvE i3E>\rij C [)*\LV I LL E UT

I E N S E N S I EWE L E RS

II MAIN ST. J E ST. I 7 5 I

For Real Value in Diamonds and Watches come to JENSENS, the old reliable Jewelry Store that has been at your serivce for over a half century.

lES6H$41fgiLR.

II MAIN ST. J EST. 187 5

Ask your dealer for the famous Z. C. M. I.

FactoryMade r MOUNTAINEER OVERALLS For men, youths, boys and children.

9-oz. CopperRiveted

WAIST OVERALLS For men and boys. Wear

'em and let 'er buck.

Guaranteed for Quality, Fit and Service

Allovers and Play Suits for Children

Suppose We Should Guarantee You the Fulfilment of these

You Not Think it Marvelous? Desires—Would snatch Ulnes.iould or accident though even continue to incomeYour for your Income An work. nnflt for yon render oryon away 11% J""jWenly in home of your ownership children. The for youreducation years. later ten/jj*"?-In your leisure and of travel the Joy retirement and of possibilityThe

realised can be dream* These not. Absolutely upoHslblef tomorrow. realities hopes today's Make yon act now

A Beneficial ont yonr Blots PoUcyworries—BringsIs the Key peaceto Successof mind

Beneficial Life Insurance Go.

Home Office, Vermont Bid*;.—8alt Lake

Heber J. Grant, President Lorense N. gtohl. Manager

jo, wruTrinr -rn jm/cPTfCFPC PT.F.ASF. MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA