"Holy Night'

DECEMBER 1954

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr. WimM In Crackers

The treating of plants to promote growth by the addition of substances on the plants themselves instead of addTry these delicious new crackers ing to the ground for absorption throughthe roots is becoming of increasing im-—different from anything you've

portance. Rubber yields as high as 75 ever tasted! They have a rich,

percent above normal have been achieved by the treating of the bark of hearty flavor... crisp, delicate texture.., and an

the tree with hormones. By spraying

nitrogen in solution on the leaves of inviting "twobite"shape!

growing wheat the protein content has been increased in the wheat from 9 to 17 percent.

Experiments at the Utah Agricultural

Experiment Station in 1950 found that the "hatchability"of turkey eggs at high elevations could be increased by about 15 percent by the addition of oxygen to incubators.

dressing for use inAnew sprayon stead of conventional gauze and adhesive tape has been developed, at present for professional use only. Based on

Bakelite vinyl resins it is sprayed from a dispenser on cleansed wounds saving up to 90 percent of bandaging time.

The flexible film formed can be peeled from the wound without pain when no completely longer needed. NEW

Controlled hybrids among the pine trees are now feasible with the cracker!

promise of producing good timber in onethird to onehalf the time needed by the natural species. a fresh

fasts for fourThe mother copris beetle months while taking care of the NEW beetles to be. The eggs are placed in a flavor!

cake of food which the mother keeps in repair, patching cracks in the crust to prevent drying out, and later attending the grub and undeveloped beetle. She a smart

does not leave the burrow for food until the family is raised. NEW

The Mastophora, the Bolas Spider, shape!

found over most of the United States with relatives elsewhere in the world, is often called the lassoing spider because of making her own rope and catching prey. The spider throws

a sticky ball attached to a silken thread at the right moment when a moth comes within reach and the moth is stuck at the end of the line. PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatello

DECEMBER 1954 849 A JUST Two New IN TIME Inspirational (Eljriatmaa Hooks GIVING

1. DOCTRINES OF SALVATION

Sermons and Writings of loseph Fielding Smith

Compiled by Bruce R. McConkie

This new and important contribution to the field of L.D.S.

literature will be treasured warmly by all who receive it as a gift this Christmas. "Doctrines of Salvation"fills a

great need for authoritative answers to many gospel questions so often debated by Church groups. Much of

this information is unavailable from any other source. This

new doctrinal source answers: Is God Progressing? What

was the nature of our preexistent life? What is the real

story of the creation and the age of the earth? Can the

theories of organic evolution be harmonized with the gospel? Dozens of other vital subjects are also covered

in this comprehensive work.

$3.00

By Henry A. Smith

All the poignant details of a life spent in the service of

God and man have been gathered from the far corners of the world and told in a fascinating style that will thrill the reader. A rich collection of intimate

stories about the beloved apostle, Matthew Cowley the impelling story of his boyhood, his life with his mother,yM and father, intriguing stories of life with the Maoris, \<m tit"* and a score of other experiences. Truly a book that

will inspire and strengthen faith in the gospel. An

ideal gift.

$3.50

t*M1

850 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

fascinating,

.. appreciated gifts

*###11 3. FOR TIME OR ETERNITY?

By Mark E. Petersen

All the romance, courtship, and heartache o falling in love is discussed inspirationally and romantically for the youth of the

Church. Young and old alike will enjoy this warmly told story.

$2.00 4. HIS MANY MANSIONS

By Rulon S. Howells

There is no guessing about the teachings of other churches with this volume in the library. An ideal gift for gospel scholars.

Reveals beliefs of leading churches. Contains a comparative chart

on 10 Christian denominations and important doctrinal questions.

$2.25 5. A CHILD'S STORY OF THE PEARL OF

GREAT PRICE By Deta Petersen Neeley

The rare treasures held in the Pearl of Great Price are told in simple story form, dramatized and illustrated to arouse interest in children at an early age. Will strengthen young testimonies.

Just the right gift for anyone possessing fourth grade reading ability. $1.75

"o.-

'""ill ll"

III kiiiiiiiiih 1 i"'

BOOK OF 7. THE STORY OF 8. BIBLE STORIES

MORMON OUR CHURCH BEFORE AMERICAS Bible stories 1 9. THE that STORIES - Faith promoting incapture young COLUMBUS

True, heartwarm- incistories terests and enand Farnsworth By Dewey stories ing about in dents the their hishance ap- $5.00V% the Nephite and of preciation the o tory our

nations. Lamanite Church. $3.00 Gospel, $3.00 = o $3.00 IDEALS 10. GOSPEL

By David O. McKay *

written inspired words The O.. * * David spoken by and

McKay during nearly five decades. $4.00

11. THE FIRST 2000 s 13. Genealogical Supplies m

YEARS of giving thought you Have = = Skousen Cleon W. By

beautiful family Book a of Rememyour = fascinating or book A Binder? Record Temple = j==

reveals happenwhich $5.00 $3.00; binders Deluxe Regular = = brance Oo of time the from ings

Adam to Abraham.

12. YOUR FAITH

AND YOU x V? *

By Mark E. I

Petersen and With wisdom 14. THE CONTENTS,

Elder eloquence STRUCTURE AND tells the Petersen many benefits a- AUTHORSHIP OF those waiting who THE BOOK OF truth. live by MORMON

Hllr, By J. N. Washburn

ORDER BY MAIL OR THRU BOOKCRAFT DEALERS I Anreviewinquiryof criticismsinto a vastby thoseand thrillingwho havesubject.difficultyA carefulin accepting the divine origin of the Book of Mormon. S3. 00

BOOKCRAFT 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send the following circled books for which I enclose

( ) check or ( ) money order for $

1 8 10 11 12 13 14 NAME 1Bookcraft1 86 South Main Salt Lake City Utah

ADDRESS

CITY & STATE

DECEMBER 1954 851

Oy tidal Lyraan or THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF

EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF

Jke Lhurck or

/7esu.5 Lkridt

or oLatteraau SaintS rW n> VOLUME 57 NUMBER 12 LiJecemoer 1954

Editors: DAVID 0. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

C. Editor: Associate Managing JOSEPHSON MARBA

Editor: L. - Research Production ALBERT MOFFITT ELIZABETH

- Editor: IRIS ManuscriptJ. PARKER Editor:ZOBELL,

- G. Editors: BENNETT DURHAM HOMER JR.ARCHIBALD

- JR. LEE A. PALMER S. HARRIS, NIBLEY ContributingFRANKLIN HUGHF. B.- B. SPERRY SIDNEY PETERSEN CLAUDE

- AssociateManager: R. Manager: General CURTIS BERTHA ELBERT Jke C-tover - F. Director: Advertising D. S. SCOTTREEDER Business Manager: VERL GILES JOHN

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR

Our Christmas cover is adapted from a

Religious News Service photograph of Martin Feuerstein's painting, "Holy Night."

The Editor's Page

: Of Peace—and Christ—and Christmas

..President David O. McKay 861

Church Features

EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES 50 North Main Street Your Question—The Salvation of Little Children Y.M.M.I.A. Offices, 50 North Main St.

Joseph Fielding Smith 862 Y.W.M.I.A. Offices, 40 North Main St.

General Conference Section: 871 Salt Lake City 1, Utah

"Seek Ye First the Kingdom of God"...President David O. McKay 872 Copyright 1954 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a Corpo- A Missionary Church President Stephen L Richards 875 ration of the Young Men's Mutual ImproveOur Priceless, Special Blessings President J. Reuben Clark, Jr. 878 ofmentLatterdayAssociationSaints.of theAllChurchrights ofreserved.Jesus ChristSub-

"... and if ye receive not the Spirit ye shall not teach."scriptionforeign subscriptions,price, $2.50$3.00a year,a year,inin advanceadvance;

President Joseph Fielding Smith 880 25c single copy.

City, Office, Salt the Lake, at Post Entered General Index Melchizedek Conference 853 Priesthood 944 for Acceptance matter. secondclass Utah, as

Presiding Bishopric's 858 The Church Moves Page On rate provided special of postage at 946 mailing for in section 1103. Act of October 1917. authorized July 2, 1918.

The Improvement Era is not responsible for

Special Features tributions.unsolicited manuscripts,All manuscriptsbut mustwelcomesbe accomcon-

panied by sufficient postage for delivery and

Free Women of the World in Conference Marba C. Josephson 866 return.

Children's Books for Christmas 870

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Change of Address.....Richard L. Evans 879, 932, 936, 938 Fifteenaddress. days'Whennoticeorderingrequireda change,for changeplease inof

slip a recent address issue of from Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. and 1954, G. Homer Durham Address magazine. cannot changes 854 cludethe be

Harris, Jr Reviews 849 Book old unless the 855 well as as address the new made

These Times, The Watkins Report Your Page & Ours 960 one is included.

Today's Family

at Margaret Gala Christmas Curtis A 952 National Advertising Representatives

Jackson's, Iris Parker 948 Games for Holiday Parties, MaryIf I Were in My Teens, Elbert R. hale Woolsey 954

EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

Russ Building San Francisco, California S. TOWNSEND COMPANY ies, Poetry EDWARD 1324 Wilshire Blvd.

Los Angeles 17, California The Spirit of Christmas Albert F. Hulet 863 SADLER AND342 SANGSTONMadison Ave.ASSOCIATES

Christmas in a Nutshell Yvonne Child Hiss 864 New York 17, N. Y.

A Very Special Night.: Christie Lund Coles 868 DAVIS & SONS

30 N. LaSalle St.

Frontispiece, Fragment of Thought, Poetry Page 860 Chicago, Illinois

Mabel Jones Gabbott 859 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

852 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA GENERAL CONFERENCE INDEX

Speakers MORMON

Benson, Ezra TaFt 918 Morris, George Q..907Brown, Hugh B. 882 Moyle, Henry D 890 FAMILY

Buehner, Carl W 881 Petersen, Mark E. 884

Clark, J. Reuben, Jr 878 Richards, LeGrand 900

Hanks, Marion D 909 Richards, Stephen L 875 featured

Hunter, Milton R 912 Romney, Marion G 905

Isaacson, Thorpe B 892 Sill, Sterling W 887 inIvins, Antoine R. 885 Smith, Eldred G 886

Kimball, Spencer W 897 Smith, Joseph Fielding 880Kirkham, Oscar A 895 Sonne, Alma 904 Ladies'Home

Lee, Harold B 926 Stapley, Delbert Leon 896 Longden, John 889 Journal McConkie, Bruce R 924 Young, Clifford E 910

McKay, David 872, 930 Young, Levi Edgar 902 There'll be twentyfive for

McKay, Thomas E 894 Young, S. Dilworth 911 Christmas dinner at the

Crookston's in Logan—all

twelve Crookstons, four grandparents, and some comSermon Subjects pany "to fill things out."

After eleven years of marriage, and Marvel RayAmerica 918 Obedience..897 have ten already Crookston

Appreciation 894 Oliver Cowdery 910 children... because they

Archeology 912 Orient 926 want them. With so many litArticles of Faith 894 Pioneers 895, 902 tle ones learning the rules of

Auxiliaries 872 Priesthood 885, 911 growing up, see how Marvel finds time to cope with their Baptism 900 Priesthood Manual 890 problems individually and

Book of Mormon 887, 910, 912 Progress of Church 872 helps the whole family pull

Brigham Young 895 Prophets of this day 896 together... the children

Church 907 Purpose of General Conference 872 share family responsibilities

Church Growth 872, 930 Reader's Digest 882 as well as family fun.

Church History 902, 904 Restoration 890, 907, 924 Read how, on Ray's $4700

Church Statistics 872, 873 Revelation 878 yearly salary as a plumber, they manage to meet theirConstitution 918 Scouts 911 expenses, tithe the Church, Conversion * 900 Seminary work 874 and still have enough to give

Deacons 911 Senior Aaronic Priesthood 881 the children all the gifts they

Divorce 882 Seventies 902 ask for.

Education 902 Standard Works 887 Mormons and Americans

Faith 897, 910 Temple Work 886 all over the country will be

Faithfulness 881 Testimony 887, 889 inspired by this tender,

Family 886 To Them of the Last Wagon 895 heartwarmingold - fashionedstoryChristmas,of a real

Fidelity 884 Understanding of gospel 894 complete with ten Christmas

Freedom 909 United Order 906 angels. Join in their Christcelebration mas in "How 886Genealogy 885 Teaching Ward in the Lives,"America Young 884Home 905 Plan Welfare December Home Ladies'

Hyrum Smith 910 Voting 922 Journal. Out today on ALL

Indians 895 newsstands.

Integrity 909 NOTE: Elder Richard L. Evans of the

Jerusalem 892 Council of the Twelve was the speaker on

Jesus Christ 892 theOctober"Church3. Hisof theaddressAir,"willSundayappearmorning,as a

Joseph Smith.887, 895, 896, 904, 907, 910, 924 feature in the January 1955 Era. Elder

the of of S. Council the Bennion Adam

Literature 887 did L. Wirthlin Bishop Joseph and Twelve

Man 875 not speak at the conference. Elder ELRay

Marriage 884 L.sion.ChristiansenPriesthoodspoketalksat willthe priesthoodappear in sesthe

Missionaries 900, 926 Conference Report pamphlet. A CURTIS MAGAZINE

DECEMBER 1954 853 THE WATKINS REPORT AND 1954

by Dr. G. Homer Durham

VICE PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

A thehighlightWatkinsof 1954committeewas the reportto theof ofthisthenewerconstitutionalmoral concept,doctrinein embodyingsharp conUnited States Senate. It recommended trast to the basic principle underlying

censure of Senator Joseph McCarthy, the public law of continental Europe

Republican, Wisconsin, on grounds (1) of that epoch. This portion of the Bill

of having been contemptuous and obof Rights declared:

structive of Senate business before its subcommittee on Privileges and ElecNo person shall be held to answer for tions in 195152; (2) of acting in an a capital, or otherwise infamous crime,

inexcusable and reprehensible manner unless on a presentment or indictment of...; nor shall any person be toward General Ralph Zwicker, US a Grand Jury

to twice offence put for be the subject same Army.

life shall of be or limb; in jeopardy nor

There is nothing in the Constitution to case a witcriminal in be compelled any to prevent a Senator from obstructing ness against himself, nor be deprived of

Senate business or displaying bad manlife, liberty, or property, without due procners. Senator McCarthy was probably ess of law; nor shall private property be

within his legal rights most of the time. taken for public use without just compensaBut politics and morals and their retion. All-O-Wheat lationship constitute a In recent years two inBALANCED IN FLAVOR... grand, continuing issue teresting things have

in a civilized society. been happening in the

Made from choice,golden, In all ages, men and life of this amendment.

parties have arisen who Some would destroy the ripe wheat. Milled by a spewould like to legislate Constitution, the liberal

cial process to retain its their own moral view-"view of politics and point and thrust it in the morality with it. They

delicious, natural flavor. way of the rest of huhave sought the protecBALANCED IN NUTRITION... manity.Islam in Christiansthe Middleand tionthey wouldof thesupplantinstrumentand

Ages, no less than communists, fascists, destroy. Others, perhaps innocent, and

Contains all of the vitamins and nazis, in our own times, have been stubborn to defend their rights, have and minerals of the entire so convinced of the purity, righteousbeen lumped with the previous group.

ness, utility, "science,"or other selfAll have been called "Fifth Amendment wheat kernel after milling... satisfactory elements of their position, Communists."This has served to disneeds no enriching. as to seek to force it on others. Bloodcredit enemies of the Constitution. It

shed, intrigue, and chicanery have been would seem also very clear that the too, It is have reof the one triumphs Fifth Amendment, may in suffered British and ceived Constitution ifTuHPlBW employed.of history that the some discredit

by the seventeenth century, and the US the process. Abroad, including EngFOR ALLYEAR ROUND Constitution in the eighteenth century, land, thespiritual home of the Fifth

emerged in human societies. Supported Amendment, interested observers have

by public spirit and institutional debeen more concerned and upset over vicesin-Iaw, new light was thrown on what has been happening to the Fifth the relation between politics and Amendment and the principles it repmorals. resents than what its enemies pose as

The new morality was a triumph for a subversive threat to the same!

individual and group freedom. The This brings us to the Watkins report

state was to enforce and respect a new as we survey the events of 1954 in retrotype of morality: a new type that acspect. What is the significance of the

corded a more liberal measure of jusWatkins report?

tice to the religious doctrine of the free It goes beyond the censure of a junagency of man. A type of morality was ior Senator from Wisconsin on the two

born that placed limits on the state. counts mentioned, so far as significance

Governments were prevented from enis concerned.

joining a single individual's group or It goes beyond the matter of upholdparty's view of what is right and proper ing, and perhaps recapturing, the upon a dissenter or dissenting group dignity of the United States Senate without due process of law and judgment important as that is or can be for the "FlflKtsflHF5 Theseunder principlesbasic constitutionalleft the wayprinciples.open for future.It also means the following, in the

ilHEflT further questing for either good or evil larger sense of the issues of these times:

in social life and political behavior. 1. It means a vindication of the naThe Fifth Amendment to the Constiture of American government and

tution of the United States is a sample (Continued on page 958) 854 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BOOK REVIEWS ISRAEL! DO YOU KNOW?

(Le Grand Richards. Deseret Book

Company, Salt Lake City. 243 pages, 16

photographs from Palestine. 1954.

$2.00.) The author challenges all the children of Israel, hut the people of Judah in particular, to accept three salient facts: That the central core of Israel's preChristian development and history was the Messianic hope.

That Christ, though rejected by the

Jews, was in truth the promised Messiah, as evidenced abundantly by fulfilment of prophecies.

That both the restoration of the gospel through Joseph Smith and the modern return of the Jews to Palestine are in further fulfilment of other prophecies and are essential events in the gospel plan.

In support, the author marshals some three hundred quotations, ranging from single sentences to full chapters, mostly from ancient and modern scriptures, logically arranged and cumulativelystrong in their presentation. Most of gyHWBtW

them are familiar, but the challenging approach is such that the book makes acceptable "refresher reading"even forthe veteran member of the Church who Festive FRUIT CAKE can quote from memory many, perhaps most, of the scriptures cited.

The book should be a powerful aid in missionary work.—S. B. T.

STALWARTS OF MORMONISM Brand RaisitlS (Preston Nibley. Deseret Book Company, Salt Lake City. 1954. 215 pages.

$2.50.) Here is a luscious

sketches, biographicalSixtyone * Holiday Fruit Cake of RECIPE from two to seven pages each, deal with persons who rendered stalwart Line with waxed paper bottom and sides of a 5-cup loaf that requires no service to the Church. or tube pan baking. And it's

Typical subjects are George Q. CanPutVi intocup Evaporateda bowl andMilklet stand3 tbsps.until orangeneededjuice... or extra sweet and

non, Heber C. Kimball, Charles W. 16 marshmallows, finely cut other flavoring good with nutritious

...Nibley, others large into and bowl a were GenPut who and MEATY California walnuts, PLUMP crackers, 2 cup doz. 4 graham Vi"%eral Authorities of the Karl Church; G.

into fine broken rolled crumbs raisins. BrandMaeser, the educator; the Grow, Henry tsp. cinnamon Vi 1 candied pineapple, /3 cup

builder (whose name by some mischance Vi tsp. nutmeg finely cut*

tsp. cloves Va

cherries,is omitted cup candied 1/3 the from table of contents); cut finely dates, cup

cut* finely Brand Plump Stephens, and chorister, the cup MeatyEvan others Vi1 and whose special talents made them outViraisins,goldenpreferablyand Vi dark 2 peel,tbsps.finelycandiedcut* orange

standing; Lorin Farr of Ogden, Henry till with hands spoon, then with mixture. milk Mix Add

Eyring of St. George Mexico, and David with into firmly Decorate pan. Press moistened. are crumbs

K. Udall of Arizona, and others noteadditional nuts and fruit. Cover tightly. Chill 2 days before

worthy for building up particular reslicing. Keep in cool place. Makes one 2*4 pound fruitcake.

gions. Three women, Elizabeth C. *lnbulkplaceor cannedof the candiedreadymixed,fruits, cutupyou maycandieduse 3/t fruit.cup

McCune, Aurelia S. Rogers, and Eliza

R. Snow, are included.

The brief biographies, which appeared as weekly features in the Church News, are skilfully condensed and clearly written but are neither documented nor because they're indexed. The very factors that merit TwiceSealed

high praise for their brevity and compactness prevent this book from being VAGIM PACKING CO* fresno, California (Continued on page 958) DECEMBER 1954 855 tins xuea Dook TheWorld andthe Prophets Our Lord of the Gospels by Dr. Hugh

This dramatic and startling book relates how the 12.

prophets have fared from the time of Christ to the Extensive research and present, including the Prophet Joseph Smith. Hugh profound thought have

in this expressionNibley's original research makes this book invaluable found the story of complete for the student of Church history and a great experilife of Jesus Christ, with ence for even the most casual reader. $3.00 the gospel harmony recording each event as it

ISRAEL! DO YOU KNOW? appears in all Four GosLeGrand Richards pels, supplemented by

This dynamic book shows how the the account in the Book prophecies in the Old Testament—conof Third Nephi in the

firmed by modernday scriptures—are political and Book of Mormon. This through being fulfilled

social events transpiring at the present book is destined to betime. $2.00 come an L.D.S. masterpiece. $5.00

STALWARTS OF MORMONISM m Preston Nibley BOOK OF MORMON

EVIDENCES IN Here are 60 concise biographies of outstanding "pioneer stalwarts"who ANCIENT AMERICA suffered tragic persecutions, blazed Dewey Farnsworth heroic trails, and dared to create a Explorations by eminent archaeolocultural heritage in a desolate, arid gists and adventurers have unearthed country. $3.50 many surprising remnants of the almost-forgotten American civilizations

4.PROPHECY AND MODERN ofBooktheof Mormonpast thatscriptures.coincide Illustrated.with the

TIMES $6.00

W. Cleon Skousen 10.

In the amiable and personal style of FOR TIME OR ETERNITY?

the author, latterday prophecies are Mark E. Petersen

discussed with insight and understandThis inspiring story of young love and ing. Of special interest in this book plans for Temple Marriage is a most

are prophecies concerning the final appropriate gift for any young man or war before the millennium. $1.75 woman contemplating marriage. $2.00

M

5. 6. IDEALS the 7. GOSPEL BIBLERevised 9. QUADRUPLE COMBINATION HIS KNOW 8. MAN, ORIGIN SPEAKS MATTHEW COWLEY AND

lofty The Print mature expresBenj. and Alward Enlarged Large—& This the book embodies many Fielding Joseph DESTINY Smith sions sermons, contained biblithe important Beautifully Includes Valuable bound. and heartstirring sermons of the

discourses, vital, cal fiftyfive history plus incorrespondence and Bible, the with This scripConcordance book shows beloved how His Matt Cowley.

of President David timely gospel questions L.D.S. O. on References, McKay Ready and of encouragement words and tures have never refuted, been are this living together assembled principles Christian of Book and Doctrine Mormon, and reveal true a understandor false proven or faith science by outstanding approin under book thouby over one answered Pearl of Covenants and Great ing of nature the human and

priate topic headings. $4.00 Price. scriptural $2.50 passages. sand thought. philosophic $27.50 principles $4.00 of the gospel. $4.00

DESERET BOOK PAYS POSTAGE ON ALL L.D.S. CHURCH BOOKS

856 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 17. BOOK OF MOTHER GOOSE

NURSERY RHYMES Marguerite de Angeli All the imagery that children love is here—jovial King Cole, dainty

Bo Peep, and hundreds of others, illustrated in fanciful pictures.

$5.00 CHILD'S STORY OF THE PEARL OF GREAT PRICE Deta P. Neeley

The visions of the Prophet Joseph

Smith and other great happenings and predictions found in the Pearl fiacred fitoriQ&forChildren ofin thisGreatbookPricethat arechildrenso expressedwill learn

the Restored Gospel. $1.75 of By Marie F. Felt easily and comprehend the truth 19.

THE BLACK STALLION'S SULKY 13. COLT Walter Farley

O I d Testament stories Thisand isa theproblemstory boyof a. problem.. and coltthe

to help sought them man who are retold in this book outstanding book both. Another

prepared specially for the popular Black Stallion series.in

children. The thirtytwo 20. $2.00

full color illustrations READ TO YOURSELF STORYBOOK are as rich as the stories Compiledciation of byAmerica,the ChildandStudycontainingAssothemselves. $3.95 stories that are tested for easy

readability and surefire enjoyment for children. $2.50

21.WHEN JESUS WAS A LITTLE BOY

Georgia Moore Eberling The homely things universally dear to the heart of every child find expression in this outstanding book—the closeness of family—the love

of all small creatures. Beautifully

JOURNEY14. TO THE PROMISED illustrated.22. BLUE CANYON HORSE $1.50

LAND (Vol. I) Ann Nolan Clark

Deta P. Neeley Uniquelyartist, AllanillustratedHouser, bythis ancharmingIndian '

Volume I of the Child's Story of the book tells the story of an Indian m Book of Mormon traces the journey boy and his young mare who of Lehi and his followers from Jerusaloved to run with the wild herd I soumw lem to the shores of the Promised on the high mesa. $2.75

Land. $1.75 23. SQUANTO, FRlEND OF THE

15. WHITESquanto,MENdespiteClydehisRobertmother'sBulla

THE YOUNGEST SOLDIER warning, made friends with the to This led him men. white Mabel Harmer high sjjd jb aii'i—''''"'Spain. in England and adventures

This is the story of Mdrty Howe, age illustrations easy and Handsome his 16, and in participation excitthe readability. $2.50

ing events surrounding the formation 24.

of the Legion. Nauvoo Tension Burt Olive THE ARROW mounts OURAY

as the Legion encounters Johnston's lives of saves the How Ouray

Army. $2.75 many white settlers in his personal

struggle for peace provides pageTHE CHILDREN'S FRIEND bypagelove this excitement.book! Children $2.75will

STORY BOOK On above books only, add 12c postThe best from the "Children's Friend""age for first book, 4c for each addimagazine, (a) Vol. I (up to eight years t onal book.

old)-$2.50; (b) Vol. II (children over

8)-$2.50.

COMPANY DESERET BOOK

Temple, East South 44 o Gentlemen: Salt Lake City, Utah

A. Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money order ( ) charge

to my account for the following encircled (numbered) books:

1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 a 44 East South Temple -- Salt Lake City, Utah 15 16(a) 16(b) 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 "wirrfmfloSrTi Name

Address DO YOUR CHRISTMAS SHOPPING AT HOME City. Residents of Utah includeZone2% salesState...tax.

DECEMBER 1954 857 THE CHURCH MOVES ON

Events A Day To Day Chronology Of Church

A special bishops'conference was the Uvada Stake. Sustained as presiSeptember 1954 held in the Tabernacle. There it was dent was Grant M. Bowler, with Elders

announced that worthy young men Warren McLachlan Lyon and Alden

Richards Elder LeGrand1 A stake as his counselors. at twelve; L. Stewart ordained deacons be The of the wouldA "dedicated Council of the Twelve the fifteen); at the comprises of from teachers fourteen (instead Alamo Ward

the chapel of the McMinnville Branch, priests at sixteen (instead of sevenUvada Stake, and the Logandale, MesPortland (Oregon) Stake. teen). quite, Overton, and Bunkerville wards

Bishop Thorpe B. Isaacson of the Various groups of returned missionfrom the old Moapa Stake. Elder

Presiding Bishopric dedicated the chapel aries held their semiannual reunions. Harold B. Lee of the Council of the

of the Lynnwood Ward, Long Beach Twelve and Elder Clifford E. Young,

(California) Stake. 9 General conference continued on Assistant to the Council of the Twelve,

Elder C. Carlisle Carlson sustained as "Temple Square. were in charge of organizing this, the

president of the Portland (Oregon) There was an early morning Church 215th stake of the Church.

Stake, succeeding President George L. welfare meeting held.

Scott who was released with his first Some 19,607 priesthoodbearers were A It was announced that Harold counselor, Elder Elder Clark Lewis A. West. H. Jeanette "Glen and Mrs. at priesthood the Tabermeeting—in

of Stratford, of the served the general boardsRichard C. who as Demars buildings, as nacle and nearby and

second counselor to President Scott, susfar away as points in Utah, Colorado, Mutuals had been appointed coordinatained as first counselor to President Wyoming, Idaho, Washington, Oregon, tors of the new divisional supervision

Carlson. Elder Thomas Y. Emmett California, Nevada, and Arizona department of their respective general

sustained as second counselor. where they heard the speakers by a boards. They will supervise activities

direct wire. pertaining to dance, drama, music, athletics, aninterstake other President O. David sports, and any9 9 McKay that A. It was announced McLynn

Salt there that present the undertakings. ** nounced At Lake TabMIA Kinlay and Harold A. had Dent been

ernacle Choir would tour Europe some appointed by the general board of the are sixteen supervisory divisions in the time in 1955. Deseret Sunday School Union. Church.

Other groups of returned missionaries President Bruce R. McConkie of the

9 O Elder Richard L. Evans of the held their semiannual reunions. First Council of the Seventy dedicated

"u Council of the Twelve dedicated the chapel of the Dodge City (Kansas) of Branch,the States Mission. chapel Central onehundred-twentyfifth the Highland Ward, Al- 9 The

Stake. thatpine (Utah) It was announced Wayne G. semiannual general conference of

Elder George Q. Morris of the Council the Church closed today. Brown of Yale Ward, Bonneville (Salt

of the Twelve dedicated the chapel of Elder Richard L. Evans of the CounLake City) Stake had been appointed

the Emigration Ward, Park (Salt Lake cil of the Twelve was the speaker on to the general board of the Deseret

City) Stake. the Columbia Broadcasting System's Sunday School Union.

"Church of the Air"program. His

of conference annual twoday AO Q ""in buildRelief Society the began subject was "We Are Not Alone in -i* A thePresidentFirst PresidencyStephen LdedicatedRichards theof Life."

ings on and near Temple Square in "His Work and His Glory"was the Bakersfield (California) Stake house and

Salt Lake City. theme of the semiannual conference chapel.

Elder Harold B. Lee of the Council of the Deseret Sunday School Union Elder LeGrand Richards of the Counof the Twelve arrived in Salt Lake City presented in the Tabernacle. cil of the Twelve dedicated the chapel

from an inspection trip of Church acof the ToledoWinlock (Washington) tivities in the Orient. He was accom- & The cast aluminum statue of the Branch, Northwestern States Mission.

panied by Sister Lee. "Angel Moroni was lifted to the Elder LeGrand Richards of the Counfourth floor roof of the Los Angeles cil of the Twelve dedicated the chapel

Branch, the This (Washington) was of the Raymond9 A for its in preparation eventual concluding day of Temple, ** "Society conference. Relief Mission. States Northwestern edifice. raising to spire of that the

President David O. McKay laid the President Bruce R. McConkie of the

cornerstone for the new Relief Society O Las Vegas Stake was renamed First Council of the Seventy dedicated building, across the street from Temple from Moapa (NevadaArizona) the chapel of the CofFeyville (Kansas)

Square. Stake. It has the following wards: Branch, Central States Mission.

Boulder City, Henderson and Henderson President Bruce R. McConkie of the

First of the Seventy dedicated Council First, SecLas Kingman, Vegas October 1954 Second, of the Bartlesville the chapel (OklaFifth, Sixth. Fourth, ond, Third, and

The onehundred-twentyfifth The stake is presided over by President homa) Branch, Central States Mission.

1 semiannual general conference of Thomas G. Myers and his counselors, Taylorsville Stake was organized from

the Church opened on Temple Square Robert L. Bunker and Thomas L. portions of North Jordan (Salt Lake

in Salt Lake City. Twentyone radio Adams. County) Stake, with President Wayne

and television stations in the West carMoapa Stake, a new stake, was or- C. Player, formerly first counselor in

ried all or part of the conference proganized from portions of the old Moapa the North Jordan Stake presidency, as ceedings. Stake and by a transfer of a ward from (Concluded on page 944)

858 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Moses"by Michelangelo

by Mabel Jones Gabbott Fragment of Thought

XJow often Moses'children must have felt

The nearness of their God, that he was there,

Making the desert fruitful where they dwelt;

UVen as I each day have known his care,

And in the midst of chaos humbly knelt,

Grateful for the manna of an answered prayer.

DECEMBER 1954 859 FOREST CHRISTMAS EVE

By Ethel Hope Hodson

Cnowclad stand the firs and hemlocks;

Snowclad stand the stately pines;

Only a white, winding hollow Now the icy brook defines;

Reverently all the forest WORDS FOR CHRISTMAS, EVERGREEN WaitsIn its robethe dayof spotlessa Babe'ssnowbirth hallowed

By Eleanor Alletta Chaffee By Alma Robison Higbee Long, long centuries ago.

'Phis is the magic morning, Come vagrant, April wind dropped the

This is the world's bright day; seedling here A BOY'S CHRISTMAS

Let all your joys be plain to see, On the slope to. catch the morning sun;

And sorrow put away. You grew from a tender green shoot, year By Neil Kinder

on year is singing, of the timeThis fledgings the done, cradle day was when To day, I Christmas a time one remember is theThis hour words nest when against rock the storm, a woven To glitterpainted with were windows The lift music, rejoicing safe on starlings shelterOf winter warm. and And

frost. ing air, flight the birds. Swift as of frosty clearly rings the the axe on As

I in boyish a way, breath blew my When bereft are slope the of I you think when lost. jewels the were windowpane on The is heart's birthday, theThis own gone,

I forget scene; the winter never can his Christ mother's on knee will inWhen angel Christmas a But you wear

fluttering near the and dawn; was White carols, to angels'theWoke hair your

flakes lacy seam, flowering a sewed The see, the to sun weWoke in the small gladden a Christmas boy And of treasures soon the spring would Where dawn, appear. color, the withTouching snow miss the summit's windy though you And

I I lost of peace know, a not moment flame, Lighting with hope our mirth

I the they adore ones For coming; were praises thanks with and birth.Warming will Savior's our commemorate You

in patterns the of white cold boots Wove his that whisperLips name.

snow, GIVING Strewed kisses with hugs and joy at the door. THE FIRST CHRISTMAS

the heart is flooded with newfound By Nina Willis Walter Now

By Ila Lewis Funderburgh peace.

W7e give to one another I will gather the Christmas days I knew;

all the frosted repane Through earth; the "Across my joy the Child Christ holy cameWhen

lease, celebrate giving with to earth, We birth; of "place a His humble was

that heart For gazing birth. it was was Jesus'Lord my sky, the stable roofed from himA through. cattle rested by; placidWhile

A manger made his simple bed, But best of all our giving, above God To for his head. the pillow strawAnd

offer very humbly We gift love. MORNING OF SNOW of The star to bring aWise men followed

the gentle Gifts to newborn king, By Pauline Havard shepherds came to see wonderingWhile

And worship infant majesty.

This was the first glad Christmas day; We stepped into a world of glistening

These were there to kneel and pray. -magic,

The little, eager, redcheeked child and I.

In all the years gone by since then And who could tell which was the more

A multitude of godly men enchanted,

On Christmas day have knelt to raise I or the child? The crisp, December sky

Their hymns of glory and of praise. Had shaken stars on every path we travOn violeteled, shadows on the sunlit snow.

HOLIDAY SEASON We passed a fairyland of gleaming fir trees,

And all around we heard, now loud, now

By Eunice ]. Miles low,

Sleigh.bells ringing, coming closer, closer;

At Christmas time Then hearty voices hailed us, and passed

When carols play, on;

Where trees are trimmed We were alone again in the snow's white

And gifts are gay, garden, Then folk throw off And still we heard, after the sleighs had

The world's disguise gone, And wear their childhood The echoing music of each thinvoiced bell,

In their eyes. Part of that morning's whiteand-silver

spell.

WINTER IS HERE—H. Armstrong Roberts Photo

INFERIOR DECORATING By Lucy W. Brown EVERGREENS IN WINTER

The snow sneaked up on us last night By Ethelyn M. Kincher By S. H. Dewhurst

On downy, padded feet.

as as safe are they dark float it can be is as flakes down Latched So still on hills, stark and cold, They street! in the long, evergreens year Tall old All muffled carefully whole most The

The cars creep past like shrouded ghosts. Tune their branches into song Deposited upon a shelf

No children shout aloud. Singing tambourines. Where no one but a fullfledged elf

The sky is vast and quiet, too, Winter's sun lights jeweled sprays, Could do them any harm... and then

One massive, great gray cloud! Forged by frost to flaming; It's time to take them out again.

How peaceful and serene earth lies Snows may try to cover them Within an hour of everyone

Under its coverlet white, Proud trees that know no taming; Participating in the fun,

That silently, softly drifted down Poised like dancers in the wind, The ornaments with which to dress

During the tranquil night. They are strong and disciplined. The tree are ten to twenty less!

860 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA eEditorsPage

(Eljrisimafi QM $mtv—atti> QIrtBt—anilI

jj by President David O. McKay

"And the angel said unto them, Fear not: for, thoughts is the message of the Savior. "By the right

behold, I bring you good tidings of great joy, which choice, and through application of thought, man shall be to all people. ascends to Divine Perfection; by the abuse and wrong

"For unto you is born this day in the city of application of thought, he descends below the level

David a Saviour, which is Christ the Lord. of the beasts. Between these two extremes are all the

"And suddenly there was with the angel a multigrades of character and man is their maker and master."

tude of the heavenly host praising God, and Jesus taught that from within the heart of man come saying, evil thoughts, sexual vice, acts of theft, murder, adul- "Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, tery, greed. When men commit these crimes individgood will toward men."(Luke 2:1011; 1314.) ually or collectively, they trespass upon human rights

and, of course, bring misery into the world.

TTTn this announcement are implied three guiding A noble and godlike character is not a thing of favor dp principles to the realization of the establishing of or chance, but is a natural result of continued effort

XI the kingdom of God. and right thinking, the effect of longcherished associaFirst, is an acknowledgment of the existence of deity tion with godlike thoughts. An ignoble and bestial

to whom we shall give glory and honor. character by the same process is the result of the conSecond, is the establishment of peace through inditinued harboring of groveling thoughts. That man is

vidual righteousness. not at peace who is untrue to the whisperings of

Such a peace will result in the third principle, the Christ and the promptings of his conscience. He canbrotherhood of man. not be at peace when he is untrue to his better self,

Our faith in God springs from the heart: it is yours; when he transgresses the law of righteousness, either

it is mine. It cannot be other than personal. in dealing with himself, in indulging in passion, or

"... he that cometh to God must believe that he in appetites, yielding to the temptations of the flesh;

is, and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently or whether he is untrue to trust, transgressing the law seek him."(Heb. 11:6.) of righteousness in dealing with his fellow men.

What does such a faith as that mean? The Lord Peace does not come to the transgressor of law.

becomes the center of our being, the guide to our Peace comes by obedience to law, and it is that mesthoughts and acts. With such a faith, men may know sage which Jesus would have us proclaim among

is Father, "Lord of heaven all there and over our that to the individual that be at peace he may men—peace this unifaith a earth."such perfect with men With existing may know his God; harmony between himverse is not left to the guidance of an irrational and self and law, the righteous laws to which he is subrandom chance, but on the contrary, is ordered and ject and from which he never can escape; peace in the

controlled by divine intelligence and wisdom. home, families living at peace with their neighbors,

As faith in God, so peace on earth has its source in exempt from family and neighborhood brawls; striving

the heart of the individual. to be exempt from the petty jealousies, petty aspiraJesus said the poor in spirit would possess the kingtions, and ambitions that come into the home and

dom of God. Who are the poor in spirit? Those who, bring discord and unhappiness; peace in the families

in deepest consciousness, realize their need of spiritual between fathers and children, mothers and fathers, possessions; those who yearn to be in harmony with husbands and wives.

God and his teachings. As fundamental to peace and brotherhood, Jesus

Again he said that it is the pure in heart who shall recognized the rights of every man. When asked: Is

see God, and the peacemakers who shall be called the it lawful to give tribute unto Caesar, he said: "Shew

children of God. me a penny. Whose image and superscription hath it?"

The Scotch bard, who knew by experience what he They answered and said, Caesar's.

was talking about, said: "And he said unto them, Render therefore unto

things Caesar the be Caesar's, which and unto God pleasures, treasures, nae "Nae the things God's."which be 20:2425.) (Luke

lang; us happy make Could is It spirit the of peace brotherhood in and the cheer part the ay's heart The it ay of that Christmas glorious. so makes Brotherliness

right or wrang."us makes That is the spirit of manifestation but the of Christ. Thank

That from the heart come good thoughts and bad (Concluded on following page)

DECEMBER 1954 861 THE EDITOR'S PAGE

(Concluded from preceding page) tional fear, foolish pride, brutal lusts, vice, crime, and selfheaven for the spirit of Christmas that brings us closer to each will, whether those who so work, work under the banner of in or way."some other Churchother in expression of such brotherhood. the

adds: "Such then he a Church may never arrive. And

"Then let us pray that come it may, But if not, the cause of Christ will perish from the earth,

As come it will for a'that, and with it the civilization which has fostered us."

That sense and worth, o'er a'the earth. Let me in all humility and sincerity declare to you and

May bear the gree, and a'that. to the world that this Church has already arrived. It is

the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, the mission "For a'that and a'that, of which is to establish peace. The living Christ is its head.

It's comin'yet, for a'that It is the duty of us all to manifest brotherly love first

That man to man the world o'er, toward one another, and then toward all mankind; to seek

Shall brothers be for a'that."unity, harmony, and peace in organizations within the

(Robert Burns "For a'That and a'That") Church; and, then, by precept and example, to extend

virtues world. the throughout to these uniting of necessity of man's the speaking One man,

find the members of the Church Christmas each May will of a Church says: "Such establish God, the kingdom

last, they minds with that the than nobler purer, truer, and their fortunes its lives, their dedicate to pledge members will the Lord the when day hasten united and hearts may from their of humanity sacred to the redemption honor and "lift enan they up peace, and his with may people bless salvaIt for will ignorance. army be an human sin and

tion, working, however, not with the blare of trumpets, but sign of peace, and make a proclamation for peace unto the quietly with adequate knowledge, with unfaltering faith in ends of the earth."(D. & C. 105:39.)

God, and with unlimited love toward men.... It will coMay God's peace abide in your hearts and in the hearts

operate with all men of good will in the work of redeeming of people everywhere as they draw near to him in prayer, men everywhere from ignorance, impoverishment, hate, irrasupplications, humility, and praise this Christmastide.

by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

The Prophet's Vision of Salvation for the Dead

1|| "In our special interest class we were disSince allmankind come into the world innocent so far as cussing the statement made by the Prophet this mortal life is concerned, and there is no sin laid to their

Joseph Smith; 'And I also beheld that all charge, should they die in their childhood before they arc

children who die before they arrive at the years of accountaccountable for their deeds, it would be manifestly unjust ability, are saved in the celestial kingdom of heaven.'to condemn them, whether they are white, brown, or black.

(D.H.C. 2:381.) Nephi wrote: "... and he doeth nothing save it be plain

"Some of those present thought it did not seem logical unto the children of men; and he inviteth them all to come

that all children no matter what their race or creed would unto him and partake of his goodness; and he denieth none

be saved in the celestial kingdom, while their parents would that come unto him, black and white, bond and free, male not be able to obtain celestial glory. They cited the case and female; and he remembereth the heathen; and all are

of a Negro baby for an example. We will appreciate any alike unto God, both Jew and Gentile."(2 Nephi 26:33.)

light on this subject."It is not the fault of innocent children who die that their

parents do not come into the Church and refuse to accept the gospel. Through the mercy and justice of our eternal

Ill, It is hardly proper for members in the class Father, every soul is entitled to hear the gospel. If they do

to entertain doubts in relation to a revelation not have that privilege in this mortal life, then they will from the Lord, but in perfect order for them have it in the spirit world, where it is preached to the dead to ask for an explanation, when they fail to understand. and even the dead will be judged accorc ing to their works,

There is neither inconsistency in this revelation nor an Baptism is the door into the celestia kingdom. All who

injustice to the parents who refuse to repent and receive the forsake their sins and are baptized and remain true will en gospel. The Lord has revealed that "Every spirit of man ter the celestial kingdom. Therefore parents are offered the

was innocent in the beginning; and God having redeemed gospel, if not in this life, then in the spirit world, and if they

man from the fall, men became again, in their infant state, reject it, the sin is on their own heads.

innocent before God."(D. & C. 93:38.) "For verily the voice of the Lord is unto all men, and

said: Again he has

I "But behold, say unto you, that little children are retheresee, neitheris noneearto thatescape;shallandnot therehear, isneitherno eyeheartthat thatshallshallnot

deemed from the foundation of the world through mine Only not be penetrated.

Begotten; shall rebellious the be pierced with "And much sorrow;

is sin, unto not given cannot they for power "Wherefore, shall iniquities their for be spoken the housetops, upon and little until children, begin theySatan to become to tempt shall revealed."acts secret be their (D. C. 1:2-3.) &

accountable before me."(Ibid., 29:4647.)

The Savior also took little children and blessed them saying to his disciples: "Suffer little children, and forbid them not,

to come unto me: for of such is the kingdom of heaven."

(Matt. 19:14.)

862 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the Spirit of Christmas

by Albert F. Hulet

'Surely some of them could have come home,"she murmured in a half whisper.

Theday noisehad dimmedand tumultwithofthethefadingbusy bis:'sSeatedframebeforehousethe satfireplacean elderlyin the ChristmasShe thoughtdays theyof thehadmanyspent happyin the

light of evening. A blanket of woman. In her lap lay a small pack past. There were times when they

newly fallen snow made all sound of letters which she had been reading. had had to skimp and save to get the

hushed and subdued, while high On her face were the signs of keen few little gifts for Santa to bring. On

overhead clouds, racing across the disappointment. Now and then a those occasions the presents had been

sky before the light of an almost full tear crept out from beneath her closed mostly gifts they could make with moon, cast weird moving shadows eyelids and ran unheeded down her their own hands. Still, every stockon the snow. cheek. ing had been filled with love, yes,

The last group of carolers were on "Surely some of them could have packed with love, from top to toe.

their way home. Except for the come home,"she murmured in a That was what made Christmas such

whining of the wind, which sent lithalf whisper. "It won't be Christ- a wonderful time.

tle columns of snow whirling to seek mas without them. We'll be alone She raised her eyes to the mantel

security behind some substantial obfor the first time in all these years. above the fireplace and thought of

ject, a solemn stillness had settled There just won't be any Christmas the many times she had thrilled at over the little village. spirit this year."{Continued on page 937)

DECEMBER 1954 863 Christinas in a Nutshell

by Yvonne Child Hiss

boys. for the lifted t\ flourish. slinging whistles the basket willow Then, madeBecky

idea. There her searched shoulder, for an she picked She ver her and stepped

morning air. SI way along the path back to the washshould be something she could give

in her collar to hold tlSWtmtK of shed. that would be special for Mama

her breath and started courageously Mama was standing over the boiler alone. The yarn always ended up

toward the clotheslines, struggling stirring the clothes with a stick. Her made into socks for the boys or a

to keep the basket above the deep blonde hair was done in two neat muffler for Papa, but never into anysnow. braids, but wisps of hair curled along thing for Mama. There had to be

"It's a good morning,"Becky said her perspiring forehead. something special! But what? There

to herself, "for today Papa comes "Is now the last batch,"she smiled were only five days until Christmas!

home from his trip to the settlement."at Becky. "You have worked well Her reverie was interrupted by the

She peered over the basket and inand with no complaining. Mama is noises of the sleigh and horses outtently watched her feet so she could proud of you."side. She hurriedly put the pot of

step in the footprints already in the Becky flushed under her fond gaze. potatoes on to boil and skipped out

snow, made by her previous trips to "Is it not time for Papa to come?"of the door to meet the arrivals.

the line. "Papa will bring presents,"she asked. "The sun is beginning The boys climbed all over the

she thought, "and food, and maybe to go down."sleigh, and Peter industriously shooed

surprises!"Mama frowned and wiped the them out of the packages. Papa

The clothes on the line rattled like steam from the windowpane to peer kissed Mama and put his arm skeletons against each other and out at the road. "Ya, it is just about around her, then turned to Becky,

bobbed stiffly up and down as she time,"she answered. "We must and taking her hand they started

lifted the steaming pieces from the hurry and get to the cooking or toward the house.

basket and quickly hung them up. dinner will -not be ready. Come, we Becky shivered at the delightful

Peter would come home with Papa, lift the boiler down, Rebecca."crunch and squeak and complainbig brother Peter who was thirteen ing of the snow under Papa's big

and who had been staying in town "Decky dropped a creamy white poboots as he walked. Mistaking it for

with Bishop Osburne's family. He tato into the pan and started cold, Papa hurried them into the

had been gone two months now, to dutifully peeling another. She kept house.

work and go to school, and it would listening for the sound of the sleigh "I have a surprise for you,"he be good to see him again. that would bring Papa and the pressaid, with a twinkle in his eyes.

"Peter must go to school all winents. "There is no use to wonder "Something quite wonderful, and you

ter!"Papa had said, "for someday what they will be, though,"she won't have to wait until Christmas!

Peter Hansen will be a great man!"sighed to herself. "Always they must Only wait until Peter and I unpack

Becky blew on her hands to ease be the same; new boots for Papa and the sleigh."

the ache in her numb fingers. "It shoes for the rest of the family, only The children were seated around

is good there are not many more this year Peter would have boots, the fireplace in wriggling anticipaclothes,"she sighed. "My fingers too, and cloth for each that Mama tion when Papa opened the door,

will not work quickly now. They must sew into clothes."stomping the snow off his feet as he

move slowly like the poor crooked Becky frowned a little as she came in. Sevenyear-old David could

hands of Katrina Black's grandthought of the presents she would contain himself no longer. "What

mama."give. Always she and Peter put their is it, Papa?"he squealed, clutching

At that thought she worked with money together to buy gifts. Peter at the big sack Papa was carrying.

renewed vigor and finally hung the would buy some pen points for Papa "David!"Becky tried to restrain

last pair of socks on the line with a and yarn for Mama, and he had him, but it was too late. The sack

864 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA slipped from Papa's grasp and fell to do for a present for Mama."And the tree now!"and the family trouped

the floor. Little round balls bounced she cracked her nuts carefully so into the front room.

and clattered in every direction. as not to crush the shells. Never was there such a glorious

Papa smiled. "Is all right, don't Christmas! The stockings were filled

cry, Davie,"he said. "You see, they "Decky set the steaming bowls of with candy and nuts and popcorn,

gruel on the table. It smelled and in the very toe was an orange! are walnuts—English walnuts! Bishop Osburne sent them home to us!"deliriously of cinnamon and nutmeg, Never did one see such a wonderful

Then getting on his knees he roared and she was very hungry. They had thing as an orange, except on Christplayfully, "Come on, now we will taken the little tree decorated with mas.

hunt for our treat like a treasure!"suet and bread and berries for the Becky was in tearful ecstasies over

It was a merry gathering that birds and set it by the grave in the her doll. Mama had made the cloth

night in the little farmhouse. The orchard. They always put the tree bodv to be sure, but the head—the

by the grave because said Mama delifire crackled as that head the it devoured was of china—beautiful,

it so the make little dead baby shells, children cate china! and the as would Everyone laughed was exclaiming

they ate the nuts. Becky was kept sister could share in the Christmas, over his gifts, and Benje was eating

busy cracking nuts for little Karl and too. everything within his reach, stockbaby Benjie, although it must be Now they must eat their breakfast, ings, paper, orange, peel, and all.

confessed that she was busier keepand then they could open the packFinally all the presents were opened ing shells out of Benjie's inquisitive ages and the stockings that were except Mama's.

mouth than putting nuts in. bulging so enticingly on the mantle- "I wonder why Mama never opens

Finally Mama saw her plight and piece. Becky coaxed the gruel into hers until last?"Becky thought,

said, "Take some nuts for yourBenjie's mouth and hastily swallowed "maybe it's because she already self, Rebecca. Mama will feed the her gruel between his bites. knows what will be in them."She

babies for a while.""I'm ready!"announced David picked up her present. "Open this

Becky looked at the nut in her loudly. one, Mama,"she whispered.

hand. It was beautifully grooved "Just one minute!"cautioned Papa, Mama smiled and took the packand golden. Suddenly a glow came "we all go in together."age. She opened it, and an expresinto her eyes. "I know!"she said "Come Benjie,"said Mama, lifting sion of pleased wonderment came

to herself, "I know now what I'll him from his chair, "we go to see (Continued on page 934)

Her reverie was interrupted by the noises of the sleigh and the horses outside.

DECEMBER 1954 865 Free Women

In

was the first country to recognize the importance and need of women to unite to try to solve pressing problems, a fact which the president of ICW,

Dr. Jeanne EderSchwyzer stated in

United States Delegation. First row, left to right: Mrs. Alice Stettin, Mrs. Belle S. Spafher opening address.

ford, DreyfussBarney, Eunice Mrs. Mrs. row: Second G. Fowler, Madame Henry C arter.

Spofford, Beggs,Dr. Grace Rafter, Mrs. Fredrick Mrs. Mrs. Mrs. Approximately five hundred women John S. Henry Bowman,

Marba C. Josephson. Third row: Mrs. Helen Lototsky, Mrs. Rose Parsons, Lady Russell, were in attendance, including deleMrs. Frances Sawyer, Dr. Arania Mallory, Miss Ernestine Bellamy. gates, alternates, and guests. Among

the guests was Mrs. Mae Matis, wife

Thetriennialrare privilegesessions ofof attendingthe Internathe theircrops steadfastnessup so abundantlythe granitethroughoutwhich ofsion,theHenrypresidentA. Matis.of the Finnish Mistional Council of Women in Helthe countryside. The meetings were held in the

sinki, Finland, was a great challenge It was in this setting and among beautifully appointed, newly comas well as a stirring experience. this people that the women of the pleted University of Commerce. The

Helsinki, sometimes called the free countries of the world gathered opening session and the Sibelius conwhite capital of the world, is beautifor their triennial conference. One certs which coincided with the final

fully situated, surrounded by water of the most thrilling moments of the week of the conference were held in and beautiful pine forests, which entire conference was the moment the commodious, beautifully equipcover seventy percent of Finland's when Mrs. Belle S. Spafford, presiped University of Helsinki. One of

acreage. The glorious blue of the dent of the Relief Society women of the loveliest events was held in an

waters and of the lakes, with which all the world, stepped out first of all area adjoining the olympic stadium

Finland abounds, makes a dramatic the delegates and took her place in where the world Olympics were held setting for the white, redroofed front of the United States flag. Since in 1952. This was an evening of

buildings of the capital city. The she headed the delegation from the calisthenics, folk dancing, and music,

intense, clean green of the pine trees United States, Mrs. Spafford was so and was beautiful, for the intense

and of the grass which springs up honored because the United States color of the grass, newly washed by in every available spot because of the plentiful rainfall intensifies the beauty.

The outstanding characteristic of the Finnish people is their sense of honor which has enabled them to sacrifice and pay their debts and war indemnities when it would seem impossible for them to do so. Finland

paid the United States its loan to her, the one country which did not make excuses or hold back. She

completed paying to Russia in 1953 $300,000,000.00 since the end of the

war, and with the rise in prices and the deflation of money that would amount to nearly $600,000,000.00

according to our ambassador to Finland, the Honorable Jack McFall.

Although the Finns are poor, they nonetheless have an intense pride in this phenomenal achievement. They Official opening session of conference, University of Helsinki, June 8, 1954. Front

are an industrious and a most adrow, left to right: Madame Alii Paasikivi, wife of the President of Finland; Mrs. Margit

of Finland, hostess council to the ICW; and Dr. Jeanne NCWmirable people. They resemble in EderSchwyzer,BorgSundman, president,president ICW.

866 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA For the first few days the visiting checking and experimenting with the delegates from some of the other possibility of atomic uses in the agricountries found it difficult to sleep. cultural field. Dr. Eder stated that

To "the Finnish people the summer is President Eisenhower's advocacy of a blessing. One of their number in the pooling of atomic resources for

festival said: peaceful use had brought new hope,Of The World introducing the outdoor

"The long summer brings life and since he indicated the dedication of activity again after the long winter."atomic energy to life, not death. If

Conference Some of the workshops had already this application could be made, it been in session when the official would eliminate fear and hysteria and opening occurred at the University of make a betterinformed and clearerby Marba C. Josephson Helsinki. Selections by an allminded people.

ASSOCIATE MANAGING EDITOR women's orchestra from Helsinki set Women can be a source of strength the stage beautifully for this meeting. and power, Dr. Eder stated. They

social justice and help develop can this session assemblage the During backbeautiful rains, a formed heavy Fire social direct change. and can of Inthe Secretary addressed by was their in for the drop young women past. to in the led upheavals steam terior gave Virolainen, Johannes who of the like those short robes flowing, is that Alert bring can much women official in his Finnish, welcome white, in Greeks. were ancient Some positive in revothe hurdle helping English; Swedish, Alderman and

blue; in danced some were and some initiated. this that lution has power of the city counAho, chairman calisLauri their ball in a bright red using future shall different very a have We cil of Helsinki, audigreeted the who beautiful startlingly It thenics. was it past, will the be whether from in Finnish, French, ence Swedish,

day, Helsinki light long of the in the better of the use atomic depends on English; Mrs. Margit BorgSund- and

of the vividness green and the against it constructive energy, be a whether of hostess council president the man, of of the tower the whiteness the use. a destructive

of Finland, Dr. or introduced who stadium. olympic stated further Dr. that Eder women is full [the EderEder Jeanne name

are future. of the the guardians As is called she simply but to Schwyzer, assigned representative TT'ach was mothers and homemakers, women in Finnish, Dr. Swedish, Eder] and *-* of section, met thirteen a which force, are great a never should be and feel It of English. us some made division first the "The week. during their neglecting special responsibilithat learn the about more we should laws, of: peace, subjects consisted of ties their in said world. She women's official of the world. languages The migration, radio, economics, home that the present day demands for the conference languages were press, letters, welfare, arts child and dismeditation, work, women's and French. English and trades education, housing, cinema, in crimination choice of values. the

and professions, moral welfare, hyAt this meeting Dr. Eder introShe concluded by saying that civilizagiene. Meetings were scheduled duced the theme of the conference: tion is based on human values and

twice a day, and often three times a "Woman's response to the opportunithat we need to develop a living conday. ties and dangers of the atomic age."science.

A convener and a viceconvener The gist of her address was that The text of the resolution adopted chaired the meetings. It was a atomic power is neither good nor bad, by the entire congress relative to this

strange sensation to attend meetings even as research in itself is neither theme follows:

from eight in the morning to ten good nor bad; its use determines its "Aware that enormous potentiali-

o'clock at night and still go home in good or bad qualities. Dr. Eder cited ties are now available to mankind

the light, for Helsinki is far enough instances where atomic power has for good or evil in the energy renorth that during her brief sumbeen and is being used for good: a leased by nuclear fission, the Intermer, she enjoys the light until eleven ship has been heated by it; radianational Council of Women wishes

or twelve o'clock at night and from tion has been used advantageously to unite women to work against the two or three o'clock in the morning. in the medical field; UNESCO is now (Continued on page 956)

Official opening meeting of ICW, University of Finland, heads Part of the audience at public meeting at University of Commerce.

of delegations seated before their respective flags.

DECEMBER 1954 867 by Christie Land Coles

sSmSA:

it. Don't you know Julie walked slowly over the snowy Julie paused for a second or two er couldn't do

street. Her eyes seemed unaware before she stepped onto the walk mothers can do anything?"

of the downywhite branches with its thin layer of snow that had Julie nodded, "But I was so above her or of the crisp, packed snow fallen since her father had shoveled scared—

beneath her feet. it an hour or two before. It was not As swiftly as it had come, the

As she neared the Jergen's house, snowing now, though the sky was like brightness in her eyes faded. She

so similar to the other bungalows on a gray goose about to start dropping turned away, moved over to the radio each side, Mrs. Jergens came out, her its feathers. It would be a white where "White Christmas,"was playfreshly-ironed housedress showing Christmas, but somehow it didn't ing, then "I think I'll lie down,"

beneath her coat. seem to matter. she said, "I'm awfully tired."

Julie would have gone on, but the Mrs. McBride looked up from the "But you haven't told me about

rosy, friendly woman stopped her, mince pie she was taking from the the decorations. And how did the

saying, "Hello, Julie. Does it seem oven as she heard the door open, and programs turn out?"

is her daughter. possible from She called that saw Christmas?"tomorrow "Everything's used an fine. We

the kitchen, "Hello, honey. It won't smile, a a poThe girl managed oldfashioned idea. Christmas Here's

lite, "No, it doesn't."be long now."When Julie did not a program."Julie took the drawing

Mrs. Jergens went on, "I suppose answer, she went on, "Is everything of a horsedrawn sleigh on a dance

you're all excited about the dance ready for the dance?"program from her purse and handed

tonight, being chairman and all. Is "Yes, I guess so."it to Mrs. McBride. The woman

it going to be a big success?""Do you want to see the dress? took it, looked at it carefully, read,

Julie looked at her briefly, then It's finished, pressed, and every- "Julie McBride, Chairman."She ran

away, "Oh, yes. We have the hall thing."her fingers over the page and whis

all decorated."Not waiting for an answer, she pered, "So sweet, and very charming."

"Don't you people have your wiped her hands and went into the There was no answer, for Julia had

Christmas on Christmas Eve like we bedroom. As she came out with the gone into her bedroom and closed

do?"She asked, knowing they were white net dress over her arm, she the door. Her mother laid the proof Scandinavian descent. gave it several little pats to be sure gram down, paused a moment, then

"Oh, yes. But we have dinner it was just right. walked toward the door. For a mosix, can't Larry keepabout then we hesitated, ment she the then turned "Julie's lighted eyes Suddenly, up,

... gifts, so. the fromaway in. knob lying Julie and walked was parted the as she mouth saw is I to her "Sure. going know. Greta the bed; on she closed quickeyes her

a ballelayer upon layer—like too,the dance, Evans. with Johnny ly as her entered. mother

clusters rose across the rina's—reddress, you'll trade dance."There aMaybe

was hope in the tone. one shoulder and on the opposite Mrs. McBride said, "Honey, you

"Yes,"Julie murmured. Her waistline. "Like it?"her mother look so tired. Maybe you'd better

heart turned within her, and as she asked, tears of joy and excitement have some hot milk or an aspirin.

started over the streets the neighbor filling her eyes. You've worked too hard."

made one parting remark, "Your "Yes,"sighed the girl, "It's even The eyelids seemed determinedly mother showed us your beautiful prettier than the one in Teen Miss. closed as Julie answered, "I'm all

dress,"and was on her way to the It's beautiful."right, Mother. Just let me rest."

grocery store. "And you were afraid your mothHer mother knew what she meant;

868 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA wondered—Ishe murmured,guess"I'mBill'sgoing,takingbut you."I just gotten."you know. I'll bet you had forJulie sighed and turned her head Just then she looked into the groon the pillow. cery sack. Taking a white florist's

Mrs. McBride smiled, "Oh, I box from the top, she asked, "What

thought all the time it was Bill. Rest is this?"

now.""We11, I thought she should have

There was no answer so she tip- a corsage, being chairman and all."

toed quietly from the room. And "Then you didn't forget. Butas she looked at the pies on the drainSam—

board, she whispered to herself, "I'm "Don't worry, they're the exact glad they've made up. He hasn't same color and rosebuds."

been around lately."She smiled, nodded, not having

Careful to be quiet, she went ahead the heart to tell him that the girl's with the preparation of their Christescort should bring the corsage. How

mas supper, basted the browning, had he forgotten it? Still, corsages

steaming goose; grated red cabbage weren't the thing in depression days

to be cooked, and made sweetand- (when they had been courting) that fulness and humility went over her sour as her mother and her mother they were now. All he had given that she touched his arm to steady

before her had done in Denmark. her was a bunch of violets. They herself, "Oh, Sam,"she whispered,

She heard her husband's car in had been going boating on a warm "aren't we blessed?"

the driveway, and looked out of the spring day. She had worn a delicate And after a moment, "I'm going

lavendar organdy dress. He had over and invite Tillie to dinner.

hardly got through the door when She's all alone."

he handed them to her saying, rather "Do as you like, Dear. I'll call

selfconsciously, "I hoped you'd wear Larry."

that dress. I thought these violets As he started toward the front would match—door, she told him, "Julie is going to

She had taken them, crying, the dance with Bill."

"They're the very thing. How sweet He answered, "She usually does

of you!"go with him, doesn't she?"

"They match your eyes, too,"he "Oh, he hasn't been around for had managed. about two weeks. I thought they'd

Her face bent to their sweetness, quit."

she had nodded. She sighed now,

Anna McBride was in the act of remembering. It seemed such a

slipping a coat across her shoulders short time ago that they were young.

Now, Julie was a senior in high to go to her neighbor's place, when window to see him loaded down with school, was president of the Dramatic the telephone rang. She picked up

lastminute packages. Her heart Arts Club, chairman of the Christmas the receiver expectantly, "Hello, oh,

swelled within her, feeling the dance. hello, Amy. Well, Julie is napping.

warmth of the room, smelling the "Where is she?"Her husband Can she call you later?"The other

abundance of food steaming up the asked, looking into the combination girl was speaking, then Mrs. McBride,

windows with their cooking; filled dining and living room, "And where's "I'm sure they would like to go

are you going with?"with love and excitement as great Larry?"double. Whom

almost as that she had known as a "She's resting,"she told him, nodShe was hardly listening; she was

child on Christmas Eve. ding to the back bedroom. "She realeager to be through, and gone. She

"Hello, dear,"she greeted the ly looked tired. Larry's outside."went to speak, then stopped suddenly,

squarebuilt, slightly graying man, "He'd better be washing up.""Who did you say?"After a mo-

"Merry Christmas.""Oh Sam, he's sure he is not going ment during which she swallowed

"Merry Christmas, yourself,"he to get the sled because it is gone with difficulty, "Well, I guess I responded, kissing the top of her head shouldn't make any plans for Julie.

and setting down a grocery sack on If she can make it, she'll call you.

the yellowtopped chrome table, How's that?"

"Smells heavenly in here. Too bad The girl started to say something,

Christmas doesn't come oftener."to ask something, but the woman

"Then we wouldn't appreciate it. hung up the receiver quickly, like

You can see if the lights are working something she needed to get out of on the tree, and some of the icicles her hand. Its low click seemed loud

may have to be straightened. Larry and strange and somehow very, very

insisted on helping."tragic.

"Well, it's a very special night for from the window, and he said you Anna walked about the room aimhim."were too late telling Santa about it lessly, then because she could hear

"Yes, and it's very special for Julie, never mailed his letter, or something."her daughter stirring in the bathroom,

too. It's their big Christmas Eve He chuckled, and she smiled into could hear the water running into

formal at school. She's chairman, his eyes, while such a wave of thank- (Continued on page 940)

DECEMBER 1954 869 and Nicolas have given us another enchanting book, elaborately illustrated of a boy and his dog at the circus. E. ]. M.

Children's Books HEAVY IS A HIPPOPOTAMUS (Miriam Schlein. Drawings by Leonard

Kessler. William R. Scott, Inc., New York.

1954. $1.75.) for Christmas ITjunces—pounds—tons—what do they

mean? There are so many different

ways to think about heaviness or lightness.

weighs ounce ounce an But an no matter STORIESSACRED FOR CHILDREN it. to carries page is designed Each Felt. Deseret(Marie Fox Book Company, who

Salt Lake City. 151 pages, 32 color plates. develop the understanding of children. The

1954. $3.95.) art is beautifully simple. E. ]. M.

XJere is a big, beautiful book containing thirtyfive fine Old Testament narraCHICA tives. Tbey are skilfully written up in think he would be supremely happy when (Sally Scott. Harcourt, Brace & Company,

language simple enough for the comprehe acquired the magic which turned everyNew York. 1954. $2.25.)

hension of children, but not written down thing his lips touched to chocolate. But This story tells of a small boy's longing to

to the kindergarten level. The author has then strange things began to happen, and turn a welltrained cow pony into a

somehow succeeded in making these acJohn decided there were more important real friend. Chica is the pony, and Billy

counts read like sacred history, instead of things in life than chocolate. The book is is the nineyear-old who made such a

merely like tales of olden time, and has amusingly illustrated by Mildred Coughlin friend of him. For 8 to 12year-olds.

done it without any sacrifice of the fine McNutt.—/. H. Z.—E. J. M.

narrative quality that stories these makes CLUB BARN THE REDreally move. RING NECK Bothwell. Haicourt, Brace and Com- (Jean In to addition being valuable in a aid Hinkle. Morrow William C. & (Thomas 1954. pages. $3.00.) York. pany, 245 Newthe of hands parents teachers, this and pages. 158 $2.00.) 1954. York. Co., New after twins, a Peter Molly, sumand 'The shouldvolume treasured a make "owndog, big, muscular coalblack, mother 'The to return farm, the on mer home for thebook"child Sunday School has who is neck, the her ring white on a with their start sixth beloved without gradeprogressed to enough to begin some do three her story. this She of and heroine involving Calico. mystery, pony, Aunt A forreading B. T. farenjoyment.—S. nature with old in the West, are pups board, circus Pike, a the and clown, town

UNCERTAIN GLORY a boxer puppy finally resolves itself and and a few cowboys as companions. It is a

(Frances G. Krautter. Dodd, Mead & Co., the Red Barn Club was started for all the good tale, warmly told, and was the last

York. 1954. 214New pages. $2.50.) children with pets.—/. H. Z. ofDr. manyHinkle.—A.dog andL. horseZ., ]r. stories written by'Tins the of book was winner the Compact,

EIGHT Prize a Dodd Mead story, award. The of Pasadena, Books Jr. Junior (Lloyd Larson, briefly, deals RING with KEEPSAKE for (Merry, America

for six; $3.50 1954. 65c each; California. Daringer. Harcourt, Brace &short) (Helen Fern Morrison, is voice whose so beautiful

dozen.) a $6.00 $2.50.) pages. 174 1953. York. it Co.,that affords New her the opportunity to study

book is simply written and well illus- 'This thewith best teachers. Mr. Jenkins often heard how Unfortunately, had her FIencey

Saint for Latterday trated, especially isvoice suddenly off. shut Indian to coat his she builds an traded How warm had

are sister his twin children. Ann and Tom life of new happiness that baby makes challenging and baby, white how a for squaw

their of and years eight Daddy age—and /. C. It didn't herself. to be Dencey grown hadareading.—M. the explain teacher Primary and Mother while she just was so who matter much

faith, significance baptism, of repentance, COMPLETETHE OF BOOK after lived, but Jenkins Mrs. and Mr.

just hands, the laying what and on andHELICOPTERS to goes she passing, their Boston—the it to L. join the G. means (D. Ahnstrom. N. Publishing Co., ofChurch.—D. World find of the metropolis American 1680's—to

1954. York. pages. 160 $4.95.)New silver clues, a of two the aid herself, with BIRTHDAY THE /omplete illustrations, with this many been had brooch, which a golden ring Fischer. and Harcourt, Brace and (Hans Combook affords an excellent history of the pany, New York. 1954. $3.00.) found years before in a bag around her

helicopter and the variety of uses to which TThis is a "merry tale with many pictures,"baby neck. A. L. Z., ]r.

it has been put to help mankind.—M. C. /. of old Lisette who lived in the forest

six ducks, hens, seven rooster with and one SAILOR THE ROWENAMORE THAN MONEY anithe rabbits, goat. eight one and How Holberg. Doubleday & Co., (Ruth Langland (Jessie Clayton Adams. The Naylor Co.,

San Antonio, Texas. 1953. 80 pages. $2.00.) mals plan a birthday dinner for Lisette Inc. Garden City, New York. 1954. 224

The biographs in this book deal with such is told as this merry tale unfolds. E. ]. M. pages. $2.75.)

interesting people as Dwight D. EisenHEARTS IN TRIM This is the third book of a series, all about

hower, Lillian M. Gilbreth, Eddie Ricken- (Lavinia R. Davis. Doubleday & Co., Gartomboy Rowena. This time Row tries

backer, Mary Martin, and others to proden City, New York. 1954. 216 pages.) patterning herself after a summer visitor

vide stimulating and encouraging reading Cerena Bruce is startled and pleased to and has various adventures: winning a live

to young and old.—M. C. /. learn that Old Mrs. Frostgate had left turkey at a carnival, and getting lost in the

THE DOG DICTIONARY herboth aloved,legacyandconsistingthat the ofotherthe heirbooksis Cliffthey sailboat race during the fog. A. L. Z., ]r.

Megargee. (Edwin Co., Publishing World since she teased her Hawks, was had who WHEELS HOLIDAY ON 1954. York. 104 pages. $3.95.) New five old. of years bit romance, a and With Co., William Morrow Woolley. (Catherine & illustrated, this afDkautifully will book of too, this will mystery, a bit story be sure pages. $2.50.) 1953. 188 York. New ford the information muchneeded on to delight teenagers. E. M. J. traffic the bicycle, but TIavid has a new various breeds C. /. of dogs.—M.

CIRCUS RUCKUS around home is too heavy safely to enTHE CHOCOLATE TOUCH (Will and Nicolas. Harcourt, Brace and joy it. He thought he could use his bike on

too, 1954. that, $2.75.) is a disapbut a newspaper route, Catling. (Patrick William New York. Skene Morrow'Company,

father his a boy and and his dog, go to pointment. David pages. $2.50.) 1952. 95 York. Then F|an and Kelley, & Co., New

John liked candy, especially chocolate, betthe circus and things begin to happen, start on a bicycle trip—and that was really

"ter than anything else. So you would surprising things, and what a mixup. Will fun.—A. L. Z., Jr.

870 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA mm ill

m

m

few?;; in.a

X&'fSJ??: ":::::.-!':"; ':-'-.- '':: /

General Conference Section

Addresses delivered at the 125th

Semiannual General Conference,

October!, 2, and 3, 1954.

Seek Ye First the

Kingdom of God"

by President David O. McKay

Beloved brethren and sisters: saved."(Acts 4:12.) (6) To admonish possible to supply the needs of a rapidFew of you realize the great reand inspire to continue in greater acly increasing membership.

sponsibility of this moment. I tivity. We have just heard the report given

humbly seek your sympathetic and When thinking and praying in anticiby the clerk of the conference of the prayerful assistance, and above all the pation of this moment, I felt impressed organization of new wards, branches, guiding influence of the Spirit of the to say a word about what the Church and stakes during the last six months.

Lord. is doing to help parents in rearing their The growth of the Church at home and

At this, the opening session of the children, having in mind particularly abroad is most encouraging.

125th semiannual conference of the the teenagers of our Church. In a very With this increase in membership are

Church, it gives me great satisfaction familiar poem a mother says to her evidences of increased spirituality. Spirand joy, in behalf of the General Auson: ituality results in the greatest good when

thorities of the Church, to extend a expressed in acts, not merely in dayhearty welcome to you stake presiden- "Do you know that your soul is of my dreams. "... shew me thy faith withcies, bishoprics, and to all members who soul such a part, out thy works,"said James, "and I will

are present at this service here in the That you seem to be fibre and core of shew thee my faith by my works."

Tabernacle and in other groups on Temmy heart?"(James 2:18.)

ple Square, and to those listening in by The great majority of the members of radio and television. May the spirit the Church are seeking first the kingof unity and oneness characterize this dom of God and his righteousness. This

great session this morning. "Be yours then the task, if task it should is shown, first in contributions in cash

You join me, I am sure, when we be, and labor in building four hundred extend love and greetings to members To force the proud world to do homage chapels at an average cost last year of of the Church and to interested, loyal to me, $80,000 each. In addition to this, the

friends throughout the world, in CanBe sure it will say, when its verdict people of Southern California, for exada and Mexico, in Europe, South you've won, ample, have contributed in cash toAfrica, South America, New Zealand, She reaped as she sowed, Lo! this is her ward the building and furnishing of the

Australia, the Polynesian Islands, in son."Los Angeles Temple, over one million

Japan and China, Greenland, and Ice-—Margaret Johnston Graflin dollars. On January 2, 1952, there was

land, to groups in Korea and the Philip- a meeting called of all stake presidencies pines, on Guam, and other islands of I should like to say a word in comin the Southern California district, at the Pacific. May the spirit of this conmendation of the groups in the Church which those present voted unanimously

ference be felt by them through the who are helping you mothers and fathers to raise a million dollars to be paid as mysterious medium of soul communion, to have your children bring you honor. the building progressed. Today we are

even before they read the minutes of Before doing that, however, I should pleased to report that pledges for that our great conference. like to make a brief report to you of amount and more have been fulfilled.

Among the purposes of these general conditions. Another example of spirituality is the

conferences are, in summary, as follows: Through the loyalty and faithfulness missionary work. There are at present

(1) To inform the membership of of the members of the Church in pay3457 fulltime missionaries laboring in offerings, fiforty-three ing missions, from the tithes and by income supportedgeneral the Church conditions—whether

either contribuinvestments nancially generous and by themselves or by or retrogressing, ecois progressing nomically, ecclesiastically, or spiritually. tions from wellwishing, devoted friends, their parents. There are 7188 mission-

(2) To commend true merit. (3) To exthe Church is entirely out of debt, aries in organized stakes, making a total

press gratitude for divine guidance. (4) strong financially, and working under a number of missionaries paying their

To give instruction "in principles, in budget carefully planned to meet all obown expenses of 10,645.

doctrine, in the law of the gospel."ligations incurred in the great building Melchizedek Priesthood quorum work

(5) To proclaim the restoration, with program of chapels, temples, recreation has never been more effective. The

divine authority to administer in all the halls, classrooms, throughout the organSenior Aaronic Priesthood activity is ordinances of the gospel of Jesus Christ, ized stakes and missions of the world. giving results unprecedented. The feand to declare, quoting the Apostle We commend all of you, and each male Relief Society, the first auxiliary

Peter, that "there is none other name of you, for your faithfulness in thus organized in the Church, is carrying on under heaven given among men"than contributing to the finances of the at its usual high standards, its influJesus Christ "whereby we must be Church, without which it would be imence extending beyond the boundaries 872 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of the Church as exemplified by the The bringing of children into the Now we enter the Primary. The

recent trip abroad by its worthy presiworld bears with it great responsibilities total number of children whose lives dent, Sister Belle Smith Spafford, acand opens to view the noblest purpose were touched by Primary in '5253 companied by Sister Marba C. Josephof life, namely, a copartnership with 200,000; 83% of the children of the

son of the Young Women's Mutual Imdeity "to bring to pass the immortality Church of Primary age are enrolled;

provement Association. All of you and eternal life of man."(Moses 1:39.) 69% of the children enrolled are atshould read their reports. The most effective way to teach is by tending Primary; 142,745 children are

To all who are working devotedly in example. It is the child's nature to be enrolled in the Stakes; 6,841 nonmem-

the Melchizedek Priesthood quorums, active. It is the duty of the parents and ber children are enrolled in the stakes;

and in the Relief Society, we extend of guardians so to direct that activity, 68% of the children enrolled are in atour love, confidence, and commendaas to lead children to know God's love, tendance each week at Primary; 13,000

tion. and the happiness found in obedience Latterday Saint children are enrolled

I should like to commend, having in to the gospel of Jesus Christ. Parents in the missions. This has increased on

mind this Church work with teenshould ever keep in mind that admonian average of 1,000 each year for the agers, the Presiding Bishopric, the ward tion is of much more avail when exlast five years.

bishoprics, and the auxiliary general ample conforms to the admonition given. The Primary Association has assumed

superintendents, general presidencies, You will be gratified, and thinking the direction of scouting for the elevenand general boards for their earnest and men generally will be interested, to yearold boys. According to a survey

most effective effort to guide the youth know what the Aaronic Priesthood quomade in March, 92% of the elevenof the Church. rums and the auxiliary boards are doyear-old boys were enrolled in the

Perhaps the Church could do more ing in a practical way to assist you parGuide Patrols; 109 stakes, six missions

for the delinquents who get into the ents to train your children to become have organized Cub Scout dens and clutches of the law, but I feel impressed upright in character, loyal citizens of packs since the Primary Association has to refer to agencies working to prevent their country, and faithful members of sponsored the Cub scouting as requested young people from becoming delinthe Church. by the First Presidency.

quents. For approximately three thouRecently I sent a letter to the presiNow, besides these auxiliaries and

sand years men have read the admonidency of the Aaronic Priesthood, to the quorums, we have our seminaries. The

tion: "Train up a child in the way he general superintendencies of the Sunday total enrolment for seminaries and inshould go: and when he is old, he will School and YMMIA. and to the general stitutes in 1953 was 36,074; 1954

not depart from it."(Prov. 22:6.) The presidencies of the YWMIA and to the 39,022. The average attendance for

word train means "to lead, or to direct Primary—the five groups dealing directly seminaries in '54, 32,226, or 94% of

the growth of, to form by instruction, with the young people of the Church. the enrolment. That speaks well for

discipline, drill, to educate."In that letter I inquired as to how efour students in colleges and high

Three groups carry the responsibility fectively they are attempting to contact schools.

of training children: First, the family; all children and youth in these great As an illustration of the influence of

second, the Church; third, the state. The organizations. Here are some of the the seminaries upon teenagers, and

most important of these is the family. headings of that letter: First, give your also as a lesson in cooperation of parBy divine edict the Lord has placed upon total membership, your total enrolment; ents, I shall take the time to quote to

parents the responsibility, first to teach second, give the percent of those who you the following, taken from the the doctrine of repentance; second, faith should or might be enrolled; third, SeptemberOctober 1954, issue of a nain Christ, the Son of the living God; method or methods of contacting the tional magazine, not of our Church,

third, baptism and confirmation; fourth, indifferent; fourth, how may parents Faith Today. The article is entitled

to teach children to pray; fifth, to teach render more effective cooperation; and "Teenage Frontier,"written by Leola

children to walk uprightly before the fifth, what have been your outstanding Anderson, for a copy of which I am

Lord. Parents who shirk this responsiachievements during 1953 and 1954. indebted to President Ernest Wilkinson

bility will have to answer for the sin In the Aaronic Priesthood, we [of Brigham Young University]. It is

of neglect. learned that they have an enrolment for designated by one of the editors as "one

signs of heartening the of the most the of twentyone young under men is helpless the babe most newborn A times."Here are a few quotations from of 63,641. percent the enrolment Thecreature protecting world. in the The

it: total of the should that members be enis of its suressentialcare to parenthood

of beluminous the "The hands rolled, 92.79. clock School, In the Sunday itsvival, It as as growth. well must

side the boy's point a.m. to 5:45 bed of they have enrolment an 91 983,025; instruction, led directedbe by and

off. It goes rainalarm of has The percent those been enrolled. should be who drill, discipline, education. proper and

all is air night; ing the cold outside of a attendance weekly had They precious are possessions not mostOur

still black. and or 35.5 of total percent 381,656, the wet—and harvests, orchards ourour nor abundant

for "Groggily the gropes of boy the about membership Church. The Young fruit, lusciousyielding waterour nor

to off the noise. shut the button Reso31, 1953, Men's Mutual, an had May of miles million our nor pavedways,

lutely his feet swings he onto the out of corre- a enrolment 129,528, on and oil wells, our ourhighways, nor nor floor. his cold a For drops this he year, moment sponding 140,754; day an silver gold, ofrich copper, and mines

tired It face into his hands. 12:30 of average was 88,546. weekly attendance precious of most evennor uranium—our last night before finished or sweeping he of Every ages the boy between man are eternity, ofpossessions, treasures our

1 at o'clock supermarket, the is and when enrolled in twentyfour twelve and should children. merit Theseour and

It got to like bed. he has been home organization, of that every one; 31,856 greatest conreceive our our most and

is all his that In week. drooping body are in enrolled these scouting; 25,368 guidance.stant care and

slip to desperate a urge into bed. as back enrolled Explorers. are right he Webster Daniel was when

for Young enrolment Women's The stands "That's quickly he and why upsaid:

1953 was 124,079 plus visitors of 11,342. moves on into the shower. Because

increase) (note the date the enrolthis every school morning and morning "If we work upon marble, it will To average is 134,303, with a weekly ment class at seven miles a he drives to attend perish;

visitors It is or a total of of 10,384, 144,676, class, 7 o'clock. special a very work upon brass, time will efface ofIf we

is the average attendance and of missing, not think he would 64% of which it;

If we rear temples, they will crumble those enrolled. so long as he is able to stand.

into dust; One cannot help having a pretty warm "What kind of class is it? A BibleBut if we work upon immortal souls, spot in one's heart for these teenagers study class.

If we imbue them with principles, in Mutual and Sunday School. "Would you find it incredible that

With the just fear of the Creator and All members of the Church from the this boy is one of 1,700 typical, funlove of fellow men, ages of twelve to twentyfive in the loving 'teenagers who get up every

We engrave on those tablets someYoung Women's are enrolled, and morning to attend a 7 a.m. to 8 a.m.

thing which will brighten eternity."others. (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1954 873 "'I wanted to get away from my old

President David 0. McKay Continued companions,'he said seriously. 'They

weren't bad fellows, you understand,

I changed. standards but guess had my sen- 'Every class: nettc, president of her to class highBible going before on jail he now,'in arc of boys those Two class it ior a gets being turn a credit, studentschool? without do They thoughtfully. added in ourofficer. confidence learn treagainst coercion, oftenwithout and We inertia too, longer "Parents, show no Besides, job. to the selves it do five and a days how odds. domendous They is Their this concerned. program where for the responsible whole you're year, despite when a nine dayweek, months like beforeand-after a read comments

it before twice think class, you makeslightsaving time.

'I time to a such have used commercial:

...'is decision. a so great you "Furthermore, the make demand

of in getting the morning. out bed Maryfor that this instruction early morning Bible (referring to teamwork "This.. gets up!'she me Now (that's thisnext September 90 month) pracbaseball to class the team and is concludes done,". being what "And requestsclasses to will the meet open after hall recreation tising in Church to "in the author, California Southern Californiaof students in Southern 2,500 says, student particularly), school one live for to frontier and a youth open

alone. is the in also noticeable 'This teamwork of learn and the fundamentals peace

all. "Incredible? has at This Not spirit of classroom.'the group duplicated progress anywhere could be area in the Angeles going Losbeen on studying are of America youth "The similar in group."any by America

is It of years.for last part a the four totogether, praying singing together, to letter sent in that question the To religious of daily educathe program it. class, loving one gether, In and renauxiliaries, parents the may "How of offered Jesustion the Church by Russian, five Mexnationalities—White effective der cooperation?"came more Saints, of program aChrist Latterday Italian, ican, Greek, American and First, article: to every answers common last served year young 38,000which

... one. as work with acquainted parents should become western in seven and womenmen

is too, carryover, the with a "There of organization; lessons the plans andstates Mexico. in and and Canada

youth, Bill a Kemsley, husky their second, take rather send than is students. text, as emphasis Bible the "With

first the from graduated last June was set third, a proper children; example. of its application a practicalplaced on

sixteen Bill course. drove threeyear

if lives parents, of In conclusion, youth. to theteachings you would What

better blueprint for living was ever miles each morning from his home in have your children pray, then teach recorded than that preserved by the San Fernando to a North Hollywood them to pray in the home. If you

prophets? The answers to the quesclass. He transported a carload of stuwould have your children refrain from

to class back to San Fernando. dents and as uncertainties youth,tions of modern

transferred year second he increasingly The in an on them to North takinglet themthenevernamehearof profanityGod in vain,pass thenyourpile up chaotic world, are all found in the exHollywood High. lips. If you would have your teenperience of the past. agers sense the value of keeping them-

"This is the key to why these young selves true to their future husbands or people leave cosy, warm beds on chill wives, then let chastity and loyalty to winter mornings to attend daily classes your marriage covenant pervade the that are not accepted either for high atmosphere of your own home. If you

school graduation or college entrance would have them refrain from the use credit. of tobacco, then you refrain from the

"Neither are these selected students. use of tobacco yourself.

They are not even all members of the Brethren and sisters, in presenting this same church. There's a piquant little general picture of what the Church

redhead in one class who answered our is doing for teenagers I have had in question this way: 'No, I'm not a Mormind, first, to commend the workers

mon. I simply couldn't understand for their diligence and efficiency. God

why my best friend insisted on getting bless them. And second, to show how

up so early to come down here, so effective the Church is in its divine or-

I came along one morning for laughs. I ganization in touching the life and ac-

I asked so interestedgot to register. tivities of every therein. member We

since!'I haven't missed a day are true he Paul's words see how when

"No, they are not selected excepting wrote: "And he gave some, apostles;

by their own desire to learn. They and some, prophets; and some, evangerepresent a crosssection of young Amerlists; and some, pastors and teachers;

are all its problems. ica with They

"For the perfecting of the saints, for defense for a kids looking average against the grim spectre of fear and the work of the ministry, for the edifydestruction that now shrouds their fuing of the body of Christ:

ture. "Till we all come in the unity of the

"And how do these Bible teachers faith, and of the knowledge of the Son meet that challenge? of God, unto a perfect man, unto the

"By teaching respect for the inspired measure of the stature of the fulness of

Constitution of the United States with Christ."(Eph. 4:1113.)

its Godgiven liberty, regard for the In conclusion, and by way of testirights of others, and love for all manmony, the gospel is truly the power of kind. By showing the wisdom of avoidGod, and the Church the divine means

ing the mistakes of the past, and fosof bringing, first, satisfaction and joy to tering a dynamic and living faith in the individual, here and now; second,

God and the ultimate triumph of good. bringing harmony in the home; third,

All this through daily basic instruction more general understanding and rein the Master's written word.... sultant peace among the nations—what

"Teachers are also meeting the chal- a message!—and fourth, salvation and

lenge by putting into the hands of the exaltation in the kingdom of our Father.

young people the tools of selfgovern- With all my soul I pray that the Lord ment and teaching them their use, thus will hasten the day when the influence preparing them for leadership, when in of this divine organization will be the process of inexorable time they will felt more potently for the good of become our leaders. the inhabitants of the world, in the

"In the words of one vivacious bru- -Photo by Jeano Orlando name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

874 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A Missionary Church

by President Stephen L Richards

OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

"y dear brethren and sisters, I protributes, to the extent that it is possible is not difficult for the investigator to pose on this occasion to present for men to have understanding of Deity. understand why a restoration was necesfor for the attention of members of Nearly all investigators readily assent sary, with a new delegation of power

the Church, and other friends who that such an understanding is important and authority to set up the Lord's work listen to our proceedings, some features and highly desirable in all religious and administer the ordinances of the of our missionary system. I shall not considerations. gospel.

give statistical items. They appear in The missionary then reviews the conThen again follows the earnest, sinour publications from time to time. cepts and teachings of the various decere testimony of the missionary as to

My concern is that our missionary efnominational churches on this subject, the experiences of the Prophet Joseph forts may be more thoroughly underand then brings forward, with the coand his fellow laborer, which manifestastood and appreciated by all people. operation of the investigator through tions of divine power serve not only to

I recognize that I cannot hope to give references pointed out in his own Bible, corroborate the apostasy, but also to an adequate understanding of this great the support which the scriptures offer substantiate beyond question the necesactivity in the Church without the for the personality of Deity as opposed sity for and the actuality of the restoraSpirit of our Lord which underlies it, to his being merely an essence or spirit tion, and so the restoration is the next and I therefore solicit the aid of your pervading the universe. To anyone belesson, with its new commission to hold

faith and prayers in presenting it, and lieving the Bible, the composition of and exercise the Holy Priesthood with the direction of our Father. the Godhead with three distinct personan interpretation of that divine power,

I mention first a rather pronounced alities is made clear, and then the miswhich in my thinking has never been tendency in recent years to emphasize sionary, with conviction and testimony, equaled in any writing, sacred or otherthe value of the teaching process in the gives to the investigator the substantiatwise.

proclamation of the gospel. I do not ing experience of the Prophet Joseph It is said that the most beautiful

mean to infer that our missionaries Smith, in which he beheld both the words in the English language are those have not always sought to teach through Father and the Son, felt and experienced of the Savior when in his Sermon on the their preaching. As teaching concerns itthe glory of their presence, looked upon Mount, he answered his own question:

self largely with the impartation of their forms and countenances, and heard "And why take ye thought for raiknowledge, so of course all good preachwith his ears the sweet, comforting, exment?"with these matchless phrases:

ing embraces teaching. The tendency of alting resonance of their voices. "Consider the lilies of the field, how

which I speak is directed more parWhat an abiding satisfaction to the they grow; they toil not, neither do

ticularly to the organization and plansearcher for truth is this first lesson they spin:

ning of our gospel teaching in missionand testimony of the missionary! Con- "And yet I say unto you, That even

ary work. I feel that there is ample fusion with reference to this allim- Solomon in all his glory was not arwarrant for this planned teaching of portant theological principle is resolved, rayed like one of these."(Ibid., 6:2829.)

the gospel to investigators. and the way is opened for further un- I compare with the words of the

The Savior commanded his disciples, derstanding of the whole province of Savior those used in the revelation to "Go ye therefore, and teach all nareligion, embracing as it does man's the Prophet Joseph Smith, concerning the tions, baptizing them in the name of relationship to Deity, his origin, his Holy Priesthood restored to man after the Father, and of the Son, and of the purpose in earth life, and his ultimate the long apostasy from the true conHoly Ghost: destiny. cept of that priesthood as the Lord

"Teaching them to observe all things Next, the missionary presents to his exercised it and delegated it to his whatsoever I have commanded you."investigating group a lesson on the Apostles. Here are the words which I

(Matthew 28:1920.) apostasy. He reviews the Primitive put in the same class with those of the

Teaching with testimony is the epitChurch set up by the Savior himself, Savior. They define the nature of the

ome of missionary effort. and the essential features which the priesthood and the manner of its exerIf you will bear with me, I will Lord prescribed for his authentic work cise, and they came from the Savior:

review for you briefly some of the major of salvation to go forward. He has little "Let thy bowels also be full of charitems included within the planned or difficulty in winning assent from his ity towards all men, and to the housestandardized program used by the mislisteners that if men and churches dehold of faith, and let virtue garnish thy

the good contact as sionaries men they the essentials part the which from shall thy unceasingly; thoughts then

will all the world over who and women a are established, not in Savior they presence in strong confidence the wax is outthe message. their to listen Here authentically, position to represent priestof doctrine the him the of and God; usually teaching, gospel their of line if validity lack distil the ordinances that as shall soul the thy and hood upon family listeners in their to presented his delegated aunot administered 121:45.) by heaven."(D. from dews C. & people of the in the homes groups thority. of lesson presents next Book the The meetings.""cottage called arein what variations the After considering many its establishin place the and Mormon missionary First, Godhead. the The feaessential the departures from and his of Father's our work among ment corof a necessity the to attention calls it Primitive of the Lord's tures Church, agrees investigator readily children. The Ruler of the Supreme rect understanding

of the Universe, his personality and at- *Address delivered Sunday morning, October 3, 1954. (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1954 875 a

He becomes more keenly conscious of

President Stephen L Richards Continued the commandments the Lord has given, of their transcendent importance not that our Father in heaven, who is a just a new and satisfying understanding of only to himself, but to the great society

God, is no respecter of persons, and that the fall of man and the atonement of of men everywhere. He begins to realize

all of his children the world over are the Savior. He is brought to appreciate the real significance of God's kingdom

the beneficiaries of his mercy and his the difference between the immortality in the earth, and in the hearts of men.

plans for their salvation. The scripof the soul and the life hereafter vouchWhen he understands the paternity of

tural predictions concerning the coming safed to all men, good or bad, through man, his appreciation of the fraternity forth of this sacred volume of scripture the intercession of Jesus Christ, our Lord, and brotherhood of man is enhanced.

are presented to the investigator. He on the one hand, and on the other inAnd so there arises within the heart

is reminded of the prehistoric peoples dividual salvation and exaltation made of the investigator so led and instructedwho dwelt in the lands of the Americas possible through obedience to the prinin the. principles of truth a desire—and the demands of justice in bringing ciples of the gospel and the commandfervent, burning desire—to avail himself

them the message of the Savior. ments of God. of the high privileges extended to him

The investigator is particularly reHe is taught the real meaning and to ally himself with the kingdom of our minded of the injunction set forth in application of faith and repentance, and Lord. He wishes for the kind of conthe book of Ezekiel (Ezekiel 37:1520) the necessity for baptism by the authorviction and testimony he has heard and

the missionary. from experiencedthat ized for books, servants two sticks, admission should of the Lord, meaning

the contenthappiness, 'the He seesbe prepared, into of one the taught for the house his kingdom. Judah, He is

and one for the house of Joseph, and province of the Holy Ghost. He learns ment, and the satisfaction which flow

testimony. been from such He has fillsthat of the revelations of the the Book the reof statements and Mormon

this that taught, he now knows and for latterquirement the things prophets assignment. regarding heavenly

only great happiness come to him may is also of the Savior's reminded our only through whichHe be known may so study, prayer and through humble toreference sheep,"his "other Father's to revelations not of man. He learns

of humility philosophy the acquires he visit,the of preexistence, Jews, that earth life, the before he must and whom as selfhimself regards no longer He setsthe forth fulof Christ, Brother, the the Book the our Elder of Mormon filment of the Lord's obligation to his Firstborn of the Father. sufficient. He depends on the Lord,

"other sheep."He learns of his predetermined misand his faith assures him his trust will

rewarded. be Understanding sion is given the misterms and the he was by upon which

course I have not set forth the ex Of it,sionary of the great served to purposes to perform then he comes and by every investigator, perience of every nor ofthe also in preunderstand Book bringing to the had a Mormon that man proin this outline of our is existence, history of the his spiritworld that mortal the missionary, the early inhabiof I opportunities set forth cedures. thetants of the that Father, continents, of the the western the spiritchild and

to to state pleased plan, the and I am life ofexperiences eterpurpose of earth that is to give in dealing their nations inditruth-loving that of thousands you spirit political, for the regreatwith nal opportunity developan moral, and it. beneficiaries of the been viduals haveligious in of their probation problems day, and growth and ment more and

is this of feature missionary a There mortality. inparticularly in learns that presenting in the body even more He

lesson, to confined teaching any one not is is spirit inclarity the tabernacled are which they to than in be found proentire the but throughout running it a verity ofthe scriptures, that "temple God,"of the Jewish and word God special mention. deserves gram, which affront violated cannot the be principles to of withoutand the gospel. holy

is It princonstant the emphasis the on is spiritchild the investigator Father dwells aware, whose The somemade it is ciple obligathe that the and duty it. withintimes to surprise with him, the that

Book of Mormon is in no sense antagoHe is made, perhaps for the first time, tion of all men to seek and know the nistic to the scriptures of the Holy Bible, to appreciate the real significance of truth.

but it is rather a companion book conclean living. He is taught the principle "And ye shall know the truth, and

taining revelations of the prophets, and of free agency, with power vested withthe truth shall make you free."(John

an account of the administration of the in himself to determine the course of 8:32.)

Savior's work among his "other sheep,"his life, but he is also taught that the "And truth is knowledge of things being in essence a new and additional abuse of his Godgiven liberty will bring as they are, and as they were, and as witness to the divinity of the Lord reproach and degradation to him. they are to come;

Jesus Christ. The experience of the In this new teaching of God's plans "The Spirit of truth is of God."

Prophet Joseph Smith and his associates for his children he is given matchless (D. & C. 93:24, 26.)

in the discovery and production of this incentive for the development of noble Men not only have the privilege, they book, recited under the convincing testicharacter and high service to his fellow have also the obligation to study and truth. will the All to judgknow come is fails revelations that taught of the missionaries, the man.monies seldom He

is truth ment. God's law by The which set stations to forth certaintyto the a investigator to bring with the unnew

all judged. will be have They who ideals of for this respectderstanding sacred ambition which and and men may

the a truth share to have duty solemn aspire; preferential that this are of therebook, conJesus mighty messenger

others. sinmissionaries it with Our all ditions to in places as hereafterChrist the and mankind.

cerely feel this obligation. They are this in that this the to the reward of understandbackground life; and With

to in the proprieties involved faithful the sensitive truly will in to the inbe givening placement the missionary by vestigator regarding the true nature of highest degree of glory in the presence visiting the homes of the people. They

Deity, the establishment of the Lord's of the Father and the Son, there to enter only upon invitation, but they true Church and kingdom in the earth dwell forever in an eternity of progresdiligently seek opportunities to give their through his Beloved Son in the Meridian sion in knowledge, power, and goodness. message of truth. I am sure there would

rebuffs, fewer be are not very and there their falling teachings theseof the true and the from Now, after Time, away if their altruistic many, generous and is assimilation investigator of the Christ, withdrawal the the byworship he of his authority, its subsequent restoraprepared for the call to repentance. He attitude were more fully understood.

tion, and the setting up of his kingdom is prepared to review and appraise his If I but had a way of sending a in the latter dispensation, with a new life in light of the knowledge he has message to the homes the missionaries volume of scripture as an additional received. Perhaps never before in his visit and the people they contact in their

testimony of the Lord's divinity and a experience has he thought seriously of labors, I would appeal to them—all ofnecessary and invaluable expansion of the need for repentance. Now he knows them—to listen with an open mind,

man's knowledge concerning the gospel that all men are called to repentance, and with a measure of patience. I

of Jesus Christ, the investigator is now not once only, but all during the course can assure any who will, that preconprepared for the teaching of the princiof their lives, that as they gain knowlceived prejudices will disappear, and ples of the gospel and the eternal plan edge of the principles and laws of. the appreciation and gratitude will arise for

of salvation as they affect the indiviperfect life, they have need to turn the unselfish, friendly service of these dual lives of all men. away from frailty, weakness, and imperambassadors of truth.

Very often the investigator receives fection. There is a phase of this teaching

876 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA process in the missionary effort for fully and accurately and permanently We are ever seeking ways to improve, which I am extremely grateful. It is charted that all you have to do to know and we are pleased today to recognize

this. In this cottage meeting method of the way and perceive the light is to ask this organized teaching of the gospel

teaching the gospel to families and inand discover what the revelations say which I have outlined for you as a disdividuals we do not have to have a great and what the priesthood directs. It tinct contribution to the efficacy of

body of trained and polished speakers seems to me that all that should be missionary effort. Further improvements

to transmit our large to message connecessary to guide the course of will the any undoubtedly Lord come, and gregations. I generally think misour is Christian cause simple declaration a fulfil his predictions, will "For mighty

sionaries acquit before well themselves of divine the of nature all the is verily Christ voice of the and the unto Lord audiences, this in but teaching family his in as supremacy the is the auworld there to escape; men, and and none

is, first, theywhat a need most knowlthor of divine is law governs see, the which in there shall neither eye that no not principles,edge of the secondly, and affairs of men. shall hear, ear that neither heart nottestimony as to origin. their divine So, sisters, brethren that send and shall penetrated."not we my (D. be & Our missionaries generally work with out from the body of the Church not so 1:2.) C.

individuals in individual capacity. an like, as or as we would many need, we

is else that perhaps something There isConversion matter. individual an but nevertheless great a of army young

all for of us missionaries the can do isThere thing as such no a conmass older young and men and women, some great represent. the cause they and Withversion. yielded people have Many may to people, teach honest people in the

it I close. of shall the Everymentionto the of spirit at impressions the one of world the reestablishment of our

it of as furnishes backus a one weretime, is but experience the of a each Father's kingdom, the vital princiand

If for missionaries'the work. groundpersonal his matter between him and life ples of to which have us with come

live so serve I missionthat the soLord, feel and that we the approves Lord of revelations the restored the gospel.

his in pride aryof teaching point the individual can with of the gospel teaching assist call also to these missionWe as princiare the of to applicationsuch carrying gospel the in forward the we aries considerable reof those numbers service. society, inples inmissionary shall our of be we siding the in missions are willing who

finite of conversion. in process help the

all for I to a or Another likepart of their devote thing to which time am wise grateful is that there is substanthe missionary effort. What wonderful The consistency of our living will

tially no variance or uncertainty in our people these missionaries are—unselfish, make an invaluable contribution. The

missionary teaching. It is not necessary sincerely interested in their fellows, influence of our living will spread far

that there be long debates or discushumble, prayerful, studious, giving their and wide, and will furnish eloquent and sions as to interpretations of doctrine. all to their Father in heaven and the effective testimony to the principles we

What we teach is the revelations which, promotion of his great cause in the proclaim. By courageously living honfor the most part are direct, certain, and world. orable, righteous lives we are all enunequivocal in their import. If any And you, my fellow members of the titled to be counted members of the

mysteries seem to arise, we leave the Church, make their achievements posincomparable missionary force of the sible.solution of of Christ. for future mysteries Your to contribute the Church homes 'such

ofrevelation. us given support has the Lord young The young and men myself, For I pray for strength to be

for thissufficient time, older women, and ones, and day and many who, consistent contributor and supporter a for the people who live in the world. with some assistance from the quorums, of the cause which I dearly love. I

their labors. pursue missionThese I for offer you, dediscussions, prayer breththe read of the same my When

aries are constantly in our thoughts. arisbates, controversies, sometimes and sisters. ren us Lord help and The my for pray them, bless and them, we We religious leadersing learned and among to teachers exemplars the of be and have proof that the ample and we Lord

as to the problems programs andmen I truth have. which have know we we blesses recognizes them, rewards and

for Christian churches, I assure you I their service. No inconsiderable part it. The Lord help us to share it with

am profoundly grateful to be identified of our time and effort is devoted to the our fellow men, I ask in the name of with a lofty cause, whose course is so missionary work of the Church. Jesus Christ. Amen.

Photograph Courtesy Salt Lake Tribune.

Our Priceless

Special Blessings

by President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

"y brothers and sisters, and friends: them and against their teachings we in the image of the Father, and that

I am grateful to our heavenly must all be fighting affirmatively for we also are created in his image. That

Father that he has permitted us tc the truths of the gospel. is part of our blessing.Mmeet again together, and specifically The Savior said that in the last days We are blessed that God not only

that I am privileged to be with you. there would be those who would come spoke in ancient times, but that he also

I sincerely invoke the strength of your and say, "Lo, here is Christ, or speaks today and has spoken, speaks faith and your prayers that what I may there.... with all of the definiteness and the

say may be helpful to you and to me, "Behold, he is in the desert;... he specifications that he spoke to Israel at

help to give us strength and courage is in the secret chambers; believe it not."Mount Sinai. He does not speak alone

and determination to carry on the work (Matt. 24:23, 26.) in parables as he taught some of the

of the Lord. You know, I feel that we must not multitudes, you will remember, in

Years ago, I heard of a statement pare that down to mere place. That Palestine, stating that he taught them

from a nonmember banker of the city man and that woman that teach false thus lest they should understand and which has always impressed me. He is doctrine as the doctrine of Christ are believe and he would have to bless

reported to have said, and of course crying, "Lo, here is Christ,"in the sense them. He speaks definitely, I repeat,

this in jest, that Mormons have six in which that great statement of the that all can understand.

senses: the five that ordinary mortals Savior is to be understood. Revelation, continuous revelation,

have and a sixth that enables him to So I am happy that we Latterday comes from our heavenly Father, and believe Mormonism. Saints have a blessing and a heritage for the Church it comes and comes

I am more grateful than I can express that teaches us the truths of this everalone to the President of the Church.

living gospel, the lasting individual properly with Each has which been mayfor that sixth sense. All through down

are inspiration that beginning. have the from him, coming world from We agesthe there great bodies have been

it, if alblessing blessed a do not your marvelously have and you and amendof believe humanity could not who it. it get responsibility. carries will ways, Revelation a with and you ways gospel.the his family, was Adam, own

is intuition, responsibility as suggest. blessing, not the that some would Having sacriinvaded. offered His son improper

is faith in are the live in blessed that the to ours accordance with we Wefice then and murder. committed From

living, faith active have, are blessed the not truths have. which which we We pertaken right the to washim away

is live life as should, inspires us purposeful. to alone that we we know sacrifice. lostform out; shut was he He strength. gives but us that are bethat blessed power and which know we thatWehis priesthood, never been has which

faith as existence. the defined people fore have Our an had came we we Werestored to his descendants. that But

is all of action. Faith cause to this blessed are to that moving came we knowoffshoot so grew prospered begun and

is I trust, living, faith think a for not the purpose created and earth which wasin land, the that on time from and force, intelligent, through of mortality. which an God experiences us giving the great the a has worlddown, pagan been

if his great work. performs himself that are that blessed know we ofWe ofpart gospel humankind. The we

are that, blessed keep along observe the commandments that and with we We beginning, the preached fromknow was faith, exsalvation the that of and our have priesthood, the Lord we the Holy it. tobut not hearken would The men

is is of of Priesthood part the assured. altation of the authority God; That indestroyed theFlood and came

is that priesthood the have. authority sixth act to sense which we after few, except thehabitants a and

in of the our are name heavenly blessed that Father the accept can we We again unrighteousnessFlood came exercise his and to scriptures the power extent as and do accept the them of part a great again men, andamong that authority which has of bestowed as history of and a his upon word God of greater refused part the them,them, us. are as blessed thousands his dealings specifically, people, know, with We theto the Lord. follow

that priesthood, that with exthe faith Bible. are alnot prepared, And we

is true of Christ the gospel the This it, ercised through sick, heals gives our believe far though the Bible only we so in exaltation the of salvation andway us peace, gives us comfort, gives us as it is translated correctly, not we are same It has of God. been thekingdom consolation, helps us in our daily work, prepared to accept transthese modern

gospel from the beginning, not always lations, which go largely to destroy the day by day. We are blessed in that

but preached, always notunderstood, express, than I can and I think Christ and his sacrifice, his resurrecmore it salvation, of life, plan has been the there are here few not tion. have today who

from the time it wasand exaltation a manifestation of of the exercise are blessed in that believe in seen we Wetaught to Adam. faith through the administrations of the a Personage manifested has God, who

Paul said: "But though we, or an himself in our day, in the great vision priesthood.

angel from heaven, preach any other of all time, concerning which these We are blessed, I was going to say, gospel unto you than that which we children sang so beautifully at the beyond all, in our knowledge, our have preached unto you, let him be opening of this meeting. We are blessed testimony, our witness that Jesus is the

accursed."(Gal. 1:8.) with that testimony, that the Son was Christ. And what a responsibility that

Well, there are, now, wolves in the *Address delivered Saturday morning, October 2, knowledge brings to us, that he came sheepfold disguised as sheep. Against 1954. to earth a sacrifice to answer for the

878 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Fall of Adam. How that was brought the blessings that goes with our belief he speaks to the Church, he proclaims

about, the Lord has not revealed. I in Mormonism. what the Lord would have us know

am not sure that if he revealed it we Since the true Church had disaptoday.

finite minds could understand it. A peared, bringing down in its ruins the My brothers and sisters, for all of

part of the trouble of the world today priesthood of the Church, it was necesthese blessings, I am grateful. I am

is that men are declining to believe sary that there should be a restoration, glad that I have that sixth sense which things they cannot understand. Out and in due course of time that restoraenables me not only merely to believe,

of the great myriads of things that pertion came. You know, it has always but to have a spiritual knowledge that

tain to existence and to the universe, been a difficult thing for me, wholly all that I have said today is true, with how few there are that men can unignoring my beliefs and testimonies and countless other principles which there derstand and yet, why should we deny witness in the gospel, how men could is not time to mention.

the universe and its wonders because say that for the first centuries, millen- I bear you my witness that God lives, finite man cannot comprehend. niums, the Lord taught and spoke with that he still speaks, not in vague, mystic

Jesus, the Savior of the world, born his children, guided them and directed terms, but directly. I bear you my

of woman, divine, lived his life through, them, told them what to do in their witness that Jesus is the Only Begotten became a sacrifice, went into the tomb, times of distress, and then to say that of the Father, that he came to the arose the morning of the third day, a at the end of the Christian era revelaearth, put on mortality and answered resurrected Being and thereafter moved tion ceased. the demands of justice by fulfilling his

among his fellow men, select groups, Surely, mankind never was in a more mission, by his giving of his life in the almost as when he was a mortal, ate distressed and uncertain condition than necessary sacrifice to bring us free from with them, talked with them, taught today, the day in which we live. Shall the Fall. I bear you my testimony that

them. We are the beneficiaries of that we say that God has stopped his voice, he is the Son of God, the atoning sacrisacrifice, for by his resurrection he has closed his ears to our prayers, that fice, the first fruits of the resurrection,

brought resurrection to all of us; every he no longer cares for or loves us? that we all shall be resurrected, even as

man and woman born in mortality on Rationally, the conclusion to that queswas he, and come forth, even as he came the earth is the beneficiary of that great tion that he has, would be absurd. So forth, in the image in which we live.

sacrifice. I repeat, that testimony and in this day of ours, a little over a hun- I bear you my testimony again that

that witness brings to each and every dred years ago, God came, he and his the authority conferred upon Joseph still of us a great responsibility. You canSon, Jesus Christ, and opened up through is in the Church and that the Presinot be an honest professor of Christhe Prophet Joseph Smith, this last Disdent of the Church, our great leader,

tianity if you do not believe and live pensation of the Fulness of Times. We President David O. McKay, is the reas Christ marked out. Mormons are blessed with a testimony pository at this moment of all the power

We are blessed with a knowledge and a witness of that. and authority that was conferred upon

that just as all down through history We are also blessed with a testimony Joseph at the beginning of the dispensamen and women have gone astray, so and witness that not only did the tion, through the ministrations of anwe know that the Church set up by powers and the authority come to gels and of the Savior himself.

the Christ and by the Apostles who Joseph but that he passed them on May God increase this testimony to followed him, was not long upon the down, and that today, President McKay, me, and to you, and having the testiearth. A few centuries and it had beas prophet, seer, and revel ator, stands mony, will he give us the power and

come corrupt. It became an apostate for the Church as the mouthpiece of the strength to live in accordance with

church. This is our witness; this is God, and when he speaks through the the principles of the gospel, I humbly

our testimony. That blessing is one of inspiration of the Lord, as he will when pray, in the name of Jesus. Amen.

t Richard L. Evans acin% c=Lim Lsn fmr ee

Trom all observable evidence, it would appear progression, and all of us are expected to play our * that man was made for movement—that he part in the eternal performance. Even the imwas made to face life on his feet, moving, working, paired are expected to perform what part they

thinking, growing, solving his problems, and meetcan perform. If we can't move out on our feet,

ing his obligations with freedom and faith. Life we can move to whatever degree we can move.

itself means moving. Nothing stands still, and And when we can't move, we can think. The

there is nothing in nature or in holy writ that promise of dominion that man was given over does not suggest that man was made to face each all the earth implies also control over ourselves.

day with work and faith. Indeed, in the account In the words of da Vinci: "You will never have

of the creation, the Lord God said that man a greater or lesser dominion than that over yourshould have dominion over all the earth and told self."Life was meant to be faced on our feet,

him to replenish and subdue it. These are words with freedom and faith; and it was not meant that

of much meaning. They impose upon us all the we should succumb to circumstances and situaobligation to act on our environment, and they tions—nor to ourselves but that we should ever

give us little justification for succumbing easily improve upon our own past, on the road of eternal to circumstances and situations. And we should progress. "You will never have a greater or lesser

also act upon ourselves, and nt be content to be dominion than that over yourself."

always as we are. Knowledge can be increased.

Abilities can be improved upon. Appetites can be Jke Jpoken \AJord FROM temple square

overcome. Desires can be subdued. Weaknesses PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

can be conquered. Life is a process of eternal SYSTEM, OCTOBER 10, 1954 Copyright, 1954

DECEMBER 1954 "...and if ye receive not the

Spirit ye shall not teach"

by President Joseph Fielding Smith

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

dear brethren and sisters, I realof stakes, superintendents of Sunday joy with him in the kingdom of my

faith the prayers your of priesthood and have charge quorums, and and early In the days of the Church men

IMyielp ize my weakness and the need of Schools and Mutuals, and those who Father!"(D. & C. 18:1015.) of Spirit of the the Lord. the other organizations of the Church, out am of the world received came and the

grateful for the nature of the remarks to see to it that in the choosing of testimony of the gospel, but they had made by President McKay in the openteachers they use wisdom and seek for been trained in the traditions of the ing session of this conference and for the guidance of the Spirit of the Lord world, the religious world, and they the prayer that Presidentby Pugmire has 2 justin whichbeen offereda plea thatcommunication,these men spokenbrilliant,of hereoutstandingin this broughtreligious notions.in with themThe Lordsomehadof tothosecorto our Father in heaven was made in personalities, but without faith, are not rect them, and he said:

behalf of the faith of the young people called to teach in our Sunday Schools, "Let us reason even as a man reasonof the Church. our Mutual Improvement Associations, eth one with another face to face.

I, too, am concerned over the faith and in the priesthood quorums of the "Now, when a man reasoneth he is of our young people, for that matter, Church. We want men who are trained understood of man, because he reasonof all the members of the Church in in the principles of the gospel and who eth as a man; even so will I, the Lord,

this day when there are so many prehave faith and a testimony of the truth. reason with you that you may undervailing notions, ideas, and philosophies. We have them. stand.

I have realized for a long time the need Because a man has great schooling, "Wherefore, I the Lord ask you this of spiritual protection, protection in the is educated according to the ideas of question—unto what were ye ordained?

teachings that we give to our young the world, is not sufficient reason why "To preach my gospel by the Spirit, people in our organizations, to save them he should be called to take charge of even the Comforter which was sent from the false* doctrines and teachings a class in any of the organizations or forth to teach the truth.

of the world. priesthood quorums within the Church. "And then received ye spirits which

About three days ago I received a Now, if he has scholastic ability and ye could not understand, and received letter from one of my very dearest training, and along with it has faith them to be of God; and in this are

friends, a brother who is a teacher and in the principles of the gospel and in ye justified?

who has been a teacher for nearly a the mission of the Lord Jesus Christ, "Behold ye shall answer this queshalf century, one who sat in the counand of the Prophet Joseph Smith, all tion yourselves; nevertheless, I will be

cils of the Church in stakes of Zion well and good. But if he is filled with merciful unto you; he that is weak

and in whom I have a great deal of all kinds of philosophy and notions and among you hereafter shall be made confidence. He expressed in his letter cannot accept the doctrines in the strong.

his solicitation for our young people, standard works of the Church, we do "Verily I say unto you, he that is and in fact, for all the members of the not want him, whether it is in our ordained of me and sent forth to preach

Church and the need of giving them auxiliaries or the priesthood, or in our the word of truth by the Comforter, proper protection and guidance in the seminaries or institutes, that are given in the Spirit of truth, doth he preach teachings that are placed before them. for the teaching of religious principles it by the spirit of truth or some other

I copied from his letter one paraand to instil faith in the hearts of our way?

graph, and asked him if I might use it. young people. "And if it be by some other way it is

He said I might, and I am going to "Remember,"the Lord has said, "the not of God.

read it to you: worth of souls is great in the sight of "And again, he that receiveth the

God; I are in "There our and community, of truth, word doth he receive the it by "For, behold, the your Lord Redeemer in places, are othersuspect who men Spirit of truth other or some way? in flesh; suffered the wherefore death other ininstructing our quorums and

it "If it be other some is not way all suffered that the of pain he men, doctrine, falseorganizations teach who of God. all repent unto might come and men alcraziest imaginations, the andand

most invariably they are brethren who him. "Therefore, why is it that ye cannot

are not in line. They have brilliant, "And he hath risen again from the understand and know, that he that retrained minds, sometimes with pleasdead, that he might bring all men unto ceiveth the word by the Spirit of truth

ing, influential personalities, but lackhim, on conditions of repentance. receiveth it as it is preached by the

ing the spirit of truth that comes by "And how great is his joy in the soul Spirit of truth?

obedience. You cannot give what you that repenteth! "Wherefore, he that preacheth and

do not possess. In my humble opinion "Wherefore, you are called to cry he that receiveth, understand one anonly those who believe in, and can repentance unto this people. other, and both are edified and rejoice

prove their teachings by their works, "And if it so be that you should labor together.

should be instructing in our quorums all your days in crying repentance unto "And that which doth not edify is and other organizations."this people, and bring, save it be one not of God, and is darkness."(Ibid.,

That remark of his I fully endorse, soul unto me, how great shall be your 50:1123.)

and so I am expressing these thoughts 1Address delivered Friday afternoon, October 1, 1954. It makes no difference who the

particularly to our bishops, presidents President L. Burdette Pugmire of Bear Lake Stake. teacher is, if he teaches false doctrine,

880 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA if he teaches that which has been confaith in their hearts and a love of the regard to the things that are there redemned by the Lord, that is contrary truth of the gospel of Jesus Christ and corded, which have come to us by the to what is written in the revelations do not choose men simply because they word of the Lord, then he ought not given to the Church, then he should have a personality or worldly wisdom. be teaching in any organization, any

not teach. Find if they have in their hearts a love class, anywhere in the Church of

In the fortysecond section of the of divine truth. If a man cannot accept Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Doctrine and Covenants the Lord dethe revelations in the Bible, in the May the Lord bless us one and all, clares that he who hath not the Spirit Book of Mormon, the Doctrine and guide us in righteousness, help us shall not teach. I call upon you Covenants, the Pearl of Great Price, through the study of the scriptures to

brethren in the stakes and in the wards which we have received as standards, know his will, I humbly pray in the to be alert to find men who have if he has reservations in his mind in name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Friday Morning, October 1, 1954

"let's Follow the

Leader"

by Carl W. Buehner

OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC

AT highA recentcouncilmanquarterlywasconference,invited toa monthis very thancommendable.we visited a year ago. This teachingsand even personsof the Church.critical ofI wantsome toof tellthe. speak, and when he came to the I feel this about ward teaching—that you, brethren and sisters, ward teachpulpit he expressed the situation in it is the one program in the Church ing can perform a great mission as it

these classic words: "Every time I stand that literally extends its arms around gets into the homes of the members

up to speak my brain sits down."I the entire Church. That other units and brings a spirit of love and apprehave wondered what happens to me, only have the ministry of their parciation, of inspiration, of fellowship,

but I think that describes it about as ticular organization, but if we do one and of invitation to join the activities well as anything. hundred percent ward teaching, we will of this great Church.

I hope, brothers and sisters, you will have a visit in the home of every memSo, I have learned to love this prohave a little prayer in your hearts for ber of the Church every month. In gram. I have learned to feel its strength.

me, and for all those who are asked these days where there is great concern We have already heard this morning to participate in this great conference of and many problems, I know of no finer statistics indicating progress that has the Church. I have been lifted and program than to have two fine ward been made. I would like to feel that

inspired by the powerful message of the teachers visit and bless each home, some of the success being achieved is

President. I am sure we were all leave a message of inspiration and endue in a large measureto more effective

thrilled with the statistics given, to learn couragement, and invite the memberward teaching and because we are dothat we are making progress and that ship of the Church to attend the various ing a better job by visiting more homes we are headed in the right direction. meetings of the Church. It becomes, than ever before.

President McKay is an inspiration to to me, the one organization that can I remember some time ago Bishop everyone and I suppose the Number get into every home in the Church LeGrand Richards announcing to the

One missionary in the Church. He every month. Church that any bishop should be

lifts people wherever he goes. I have What do you ward teachers find in ashamed who did not have at least

often thought we might well adopt a the homes of the members of the twentyfive percent of his membership new slogan in the Church—something Church? I have been a ward teacher. at sacrament meeting. We all thought

to this effect: "Let's follow the Leader."We enter homes where there is a wonthis could not be done. What has

We cannot follow him all over the derful spirit and a fine influence. We happened? In the last few months we

world as he has traveled far and wide, also visit homes where there are young have had a Church average of as high but if we would show the same enmen and women in the service of our as thirtyone percent; several months

thusiasm for the work that has been country, others who are off in the misof thirty percent. Even in the summerassigned to us, as he does for the work sion fields of the Church. There are time when our activities have declined

that is his, we would have even greater frequently young people away from some, we have not had less than twentyrecords in our Church. home attending school. Parents are six percent.

I would like to say a few words this concerned about the temptations conBrethren, I have the same feeling morning about another program of fronting these youngsters. We can toward this great program for senior

great magnitude in the Church that I bring cheer, consolation, and comfort, Aaronic Priesthood groups in the have learned to love since I have been and make them feel good about the Church. When it was announced that

very close to it, and that is the ward wisdom and mission of these young we should organize these men into teaching program. I would like to people. priesthood quorums, we received procommend the leadership of the Church We find homes where there are now tests from all over the Church claiming,

for the progress we have made in this many economic difficulties, people in "It cannot be done. We do not get

activity. We are visiting more families distress. These should be reported to enough of these men into our wards to

than we have ever visited before. I the bishop. We find homes where even have a group."

think the effectiveness of our messages there is illness. We find homes where This morning I would like to tell

in the homes are more impressive than there is not too much interest in the you that we have over 1600 quorums they have ever been. This year our activities of the Church. We find homes of senior members of the Aaronic Priestrecords indicate that we are visiting where there is a little criticism toward hood that we did not have before the

thirty thousand more homes every the General Authorities of the Church, {Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1954 881 I feel, brethren, that we have to feed

Carl W. Buehner Continued the spiritual body just as we have to

feed the physical body, if we want to program was announced to the Church. wonderful experience. I would not miss keep it alive, and here is a great opSo these things can be done. it for anything, and I just love to do portunity to perform that service. I

feel not of that do us we some know faithful I appreciate, too, teaching."of the ward some my

I remind and to very much, amount this in program. worked have whomen I think, brethren, someSometimes

of and elephant story the of the you little are very that those hearThere you or ankles our to our break ought body heard probably the have mouse. You at quarterly conaabout. Recently possibiliappreciate to us the help arms

it. said, toference and one came me man I story ties of the the read have. we

"Bishop, I have been a ward teacher two men down in the El Paso Stake who The two of them together crossed a for sixtytwo years."Sixtytwo years! said they drive 120 miles every month rickety old bridge. When they got on

I thought that might be as long as to visit two families, but they always the other side, the mouse looked up anyone had been a ward teacher. We have one hundred percent ward teachinto the eyes of the elephant and said,

wrote a little article in the Church ing visits. "Boy, didn't we shake that bridge."

following of theSection Deseret News like stories this wherever the are just hear now, You Well maybe we if there asking had information,that

I asked, it this go. in men, heard takes to difference have you when what make

longer, served and had anybeen who it in the doing go. Brethren, are or Church?"shake, you program "What make

likeif to them. hear from so would we I gratiteacher,""I a say, only express and our appreciation ward and we am

letter a a got from back who manWe I said, by do for done. tude hope you have have you mean what "What of years ninetysix "Isaid, now am teacher? are a possibilisee only saying great ward the you us with can you

I teacher aage. when ward became

is to swell ties with every do of ought getting into every up you What home

II a ward twelve. have been was 'I teacher, say, this a pride will ward strengthen and month. am We I years, for eightyfour andteacher

I I it teaching, strengthdoing as and am has never and been Church am my in or times one two only missedhave is for opporto the grateful bishop the before, testimony that ened and my district."visiting entire periodthat my in it serving of I given of has tunity to he in the you, bear me and name I in or ago was a two week Just this great kingdom.'Christ. and Church Jesus Amen. a conference, and attending manOgden

came to me and said, "I would like to tell you about my ward teaching companion. He has had a perfect record of

ward teaching for seventyfive years. He

has shaken hands with every President of the Church except the Prophet Joseph

Smith."It was a real pleasure to have

that man introduced to that entire quarterly conference audience and then to invite anyone to exceed that record.

better brethren, can you do Now than I "To Your Tents, teachyearsthis with eightyfour man ing? Most of you cannot, you have

not started early enough—but possibly

Priestof our Aaronic get can somewe they Israel!"at twelve, start and if to boyshood

live to be one hundred they might beat that record. There are great possibilities, great opportunities. by Hugh B. Brown

We heard another interesting expeASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE rience of a man who had been stricken eight or nine years ago and was flat on his back in bed. As a matter of

fact, he was so paralyzed that he could not even have the use of his fingers.

He finally learned how to write a litdear brothers and sisters: Bishop In introduction, may I read some

tle by putting a pencil between his Carl Buehner and I, being first to scripture which I think is pertinent:

perconference, are in this speak teaching a wardteeth. He became

like Myhaps two boys just comsomewhat to ashe haddistrict supervisor, and And the Lord God said, It is not good sist him, a blind man who was not ing out of the dentist's chair. We look that the man should be alone; I will make

even a member of the Church, but who through our tears rather pityingly at him an help meet for him.

was a very good friend of his. The those in the outer office who are waitSo God created man in his own image,

story that we got in this letter was ing for their turn. in the image of God created he him; male

female and created he them. has this that the time during this allthat man inspired mornhave been We

blessed And them, God said and unGod ward, in his supervisor district Presistirring the of our appeal ing thebeen by fruitful, them, Be multiply, and and ninety less than had never reports have the dent,they by and we have toreplenish the earth. (Gen. 2:18; 1:2728.) visited. families their of allpercent encouraged heard. been have We

in up from one another I I heard in our work. what I hope Then shall say And in another scripture: in a area. I saw man Portland President a will a discord.the not be seem to

been brought loyhad words, "Let closed with the chair whowheel in to McKay this For cause shall leave his a man conference. of the The stake pervade alty to the marriage covenantevery session father mother, and to and cleave his wife;

introlike to "I said, would arepresident favored the with home."who We shall they twain flesh. And be one

a one this reman. to He is privilege the you charged the with andduce therefore hath tojoined What God teacher."ward percent of general sponsibility at speaking thehundred gether, let not put asunder. man (Mark and I with him hands shook of the conferences wonder Church When 10:7-9.)

congratulated him, I said, "How do you through the months what phase of the do it?"gospel, what subject we should discuss. And again:

He said, "Well, I have to be carried Because of some work I have been asked into the homes. They have to carry to do, there is only one subject I can Nevertheless neither is the man without

me out again. I can wheel my chair think of to talk about, and on that I the woman, neither the woman without the

from one home to the next, but it is a am very poorly qualified. man, in the Lord. (I Cor. 11:11.)

882 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Let the husband render unto the the Intermountain States in this list are white winged birds; we can't do that

wife due benevolence and likewise also above the average in the number of diwhen we're flying words."

the wife unto the husband. Paul speakvorces granted. May I also say that A middleaged couple on the farm

ing: even among those who are married in had a violent quarrel at breakfast time.

the temple, the serpent, who first made Later in the day they started for town

Wives, yourselves submit unto your own his appearance in the of Eden, Garden in horses of a fine the with buggy, team as husbands, the Lord. unto creeps in his and continues attempt sell eggs. to to their the vegetables As and love Husbands, your wives as even Christ separate against the and said, man woman trotted along, horses "John, Mary also the loved church. (Eph. 5:22, 25.)

decree of God that they should be why can't we travel together like these

Inasmuch as many of this congregaone flesh. horses do? They don't quarrel and

tion are holders of the priesthood, I According to statistics there is one fight."John said, "Mary, we could

remind all of us that we submit ourdivorce for every three marriages in the if there was only one tongue between selves unto the Lord in righteousness United States. What would we think US.

and because of righteousness. This reif 331/3 percent of all the ships that set Oh, the unkind things we say to

quirement of the. wives to submit to their sail on the ocean were doomed to shipthose we love.

husbands presupposes righteousness on wreck and to failure? And what would

the part of the husbands. the board of directors of the company We have kind words for the stranger

do if the cause of that failure could And smiles for the sometime guest, oft to our While own celestial In the glory there are three traced to the be captain mate, the and bitter tone, The or degrees; heavens not together? agree could and who work love our best! the Though we own in to order obtain highest the And a divorces start before marriage. Many

this enter into must of order theman this wrestle with problem who We course, part this saddest is the Of and priesthood the ever- [meaning and new traced have of causes, in the some and I of evil are say, to there have what lasting of covenant marriage]

And if he does not, he cannot obtain it. many cases they lead back into the childintruders, more deadly sins, which

(D. & C. 131:1-3.) hood homes of the young couples, who strike at the very foundation of our

are now divorcees. We believe, brethren homes. Infidelity, love's counterfeit, is

In the Old Testament scripture, the and sisters, as has been so elequently the most disintegrating influence that prophet said on one occasion: "... to said this morning, that proper parental can enter a man's life. It is to the

example in and training the home would is Israel,"(I to treason your Lust 12:16) the nation. Kings what home tents, O

this tide of divorce. help to stem ParIt is fatal love. cords, to causes thy "Lengthen and again, sometimes and

strengthen thy stakes,"referring to their ents should teach their children by men in military service to destroy the tents or homes and their need of supexample and by precept the sacredness very home which they would die to port. of the marriage covenant, should teach defend on the battlefield.

is all there that them in joy no the the In U.S. Report, and World News there the today Throughout world is world to comparable the joy that comes is article there an Teenagers on "Why confusion, danger. apprehension, our In through all like happy wedlock. But is Wrong."that Divorce high Go on to billions are land spending own we blessings, is this joy predicated upon list, it is reported that and onehalf fortify proour country and defend and obedience to law. all of the as adult criminals begin stocktect are our only homes. Not we

piling armaments and atom bombs and Parents, who fail to teach their chiljuvenile delinquents, and most juvenile other instruments of war, but we are dren and to demonstrate to them what delinquents come from broken homes.

also building a radar system, sky high happy wedlock can mean and does Let people who are considering divorce and continent wide, extending across mean, are sowing where their children pause and consider possible conseCanada and up into the Arctic Circle, must reap. If they fail here, the anquences.

all with the idea, basically, of defendcient edict will operate; viz.: the sins But let us think of some positive

of I aspects the parents shall be visited of this subject. upon the like should ing our homes.

< children. for the next to to talk minute the young Sometimes we, as individuals, feel

weak and helpless in the face of all this Fathers should teach their boys that people who may be listening in: to tell

and wonder what we might do to help. there is no freedom except through them that though this enemy is extant,

May I call your attention to the fact obedience to law. Children should be and though they must meet situations

that right in the inner citadel of our reared in disciplined homes where rules where they must face and overcome defensive system, the home, which is are obeyed and the rights of others are difficulties, they can train and prepare the very bulwark of our strength and respected. Parents should "reprove bethemselves for this glorious experience

solidarity, right there the enemy is times with sharpness"and then show with the same promise of success as making inroads which truly are frightenan increase of love. The child that is awaits the welltrained and disciplined

in any field of activity. Marin the pampered to person will expect home I ing. this In subto say have what on

life riage is at work. after marriage. be pampered Among I I ject, feel that will hope no one am

chastising or blaming or condemning. the seeds of divorce one of the most I speak, first, of love. I am not think-

I think I realize, because of recent exprolific is overindulgence. It grows ing of that flutter of the heart or the

periences, that there are many innocent into extreme selfishness. droop of the eyelash which you young

victims of desertion and betrayal. My There are certain weaknesses in all folks may identify as such, that may

heart goes out to many lovely women of us which we say are inherent. I well be the beginning of love, but I

who are left to raise their children shall not attempt to list them but refer am thinking of the love that "suffereth alone, and certainly to them we say a to one or two that men and women long and is kind, that envieth not, word of encouragement, and we pray should recognize in themselves and vaunteth not itself, is not puffed up,

God's blessings upon them that they overcome before their spouse discovers seeketh not her own, is not easily promay be given strength to carry this and magnifies them. voked, thinketh no evil; the love that

added burden. And yet we must say I think now of selfcontrol. Many of beareth all things, endureth all things,some things about this evil—its source the cases which I review started with the love that never faileth."(See I Cor.

and possible conquest. uncontrolled appetites and tempers, 13.) And I remind you that the Master

In the last issue [October 1954] of the leading often to cruelty, mental and who loved most of all, endured the

Reader's Digest, the startling statement physical. When in a temper the tongue most and proved his love by his enis made that "one thousand times every may be venomous. The Apostle James durance. Yes, "there is beauty all

day in the United States a judge's gavel said, "... it is an unruly evil, full around, when there's love at home."

falls and with two words, 'divorce of deadly poison."(James 3:8.) That I speak next of prayer. The husband,

granted,'somebody's love story comes is only potential, but it is often true. who will kneel every day in the home

to an end."And may I add, some home The tongue, with which we say our and thank God for his wife and list

becomes a casualty. One thousand of prayers and pledge our troth is someher virtues in his supplication to be

them a day in the United States, 365,000 times used to wound those we love entered on the credit side of the family in a year! May I say, regretfully, that best. "Boys flying kites haul in their (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1954 883 whose glory is that of the sun. You

Hugh B. Brown Continued shall have joy in your posterity here,

eternal family union and association ledger will overlook or be unmindful Young people of the Church, read hereafter, immortality, eternal life, and of her little weaknesses—he will never the seventysixth section of the Doctrine eternal increase.

seek the divorce courts. The woman and Covenants. Here is the prize which God help us that we may put on the

who kneels with her children in the you may earn and enjoy, with God's whole armor of God, having our loins home and humbly thanks God for a help. You who have been baptized girt about with truth, and having the

kind, loving, and wonderful father and and receive the holy Spirit, you who breastplate of righteousness, the shield husband, even though at times that have testimonies of Jesus, who keep the of faith, the sword of the spirit, and go prayer may be only a wish, it still will commandments and overcome by faith, forward in the fear of God and protect impress upon the souls of the children and are sealed by the holy Spirit of our homes. Yes, to your tents, or homes,

an image and hold before them an promise, shall become priests and kings O Israel, lengthen the silken cords of ideal which they will try to realize in of the Most High and dwell in the love and strengthen the stakes of faith themselves. Quoting Sister Benson on presence of God and Jesus Christ forever and righteousness to the glory of God

the TV program recently, "The family and ever. and our own salvation in the name of

that prays together stays together."Your bodies shall become celestial Jesus Christ. Amen.

the Relief Society conference. What is

the answer to any broken law? If you

break the law of the Sabbath, is the Companionship answer further violation? If you break

the law of chastity, is the answer further violation? There is only one answer to

in the aandbrokenif youlaw,haveandbrokenthat theis repentance,law which says, "Thou shalt love thy wife with all thy heart, and shalt cleave unto her and none else,"is the answer divorce, or is it repentance with a broken heart Home and a contrite spirit?

There is another type of companionby Mark E. Petersen ship in the home which is so fundaOF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE mental to love at home, and that is companionship between parents and chil-

I parents of sure that dren. you many am stirring things to about these say to a postscript something Lord had *s The

of realize gravity the temptathe not do gave in this the morning, heard home. have l\ companionship which He we people. face tions your young which ot I in that in section 42 great say humble a commandment myilmay sins are in your young which There stones verse 22, of Covenants, Doctrine foundationopinion, the the and one that people involved become many

is is said: thisof companionin success he the and what home of parents not even do dream you

that companioninship the home, and terrible things are about, they but all shalt wife love thy with thy Thou ship and with begin husband must will the into drag which them down her shalt cleave none heart, and unto andwife.

if of hell yield depths they to them, else.

You remember that you started out and will break your hearts, as parents.

with your courtship on a basis of com- I believe, ladies, that that commandCompanionship between parents and panionship. You husbands remember ment is just as applicable to you, and children will provide a fortification

when you courted your wives that you that you could receive it as though it against those temptations and may save did all you could to be enjoyable comsaid: "Thou shalt love thy husband them.

panions to them; you took them out, with all thy heart, and shalt cleave You fathers, are you willing to be

showed them a good time, paid them unto him and none else."And when companions to your sons? Oh, they

compliments. You never thought of the Lord commands that husband and need you, and they plead for you.

criticizing them or embarrassing them wife love each other with all their Would each father be willing to spend because that would never win a fair hearts, it means that it shall be a wholeone hour a day with his son if he knew salvation that boy's the very depended foot best your put lady, but you own shall there be love, that hearted and

I it? of are there Oh, upon know all many you did always, you and forward reservations. back no holding and no

time. will say not do you have you who that lady that young to convincecould that of part comthe second Then

I of say that will that you some know for provide would with association you I believe her,"to "cleave unto mand, is canbusiness too demanding and you desirable loving, wholesome, aher shall companthat be good we means spare the time not from job your and companionship. I that believe other. to the ions, one

I exacting other assignments, your but recleave shall says you ladies that the remember Lord how we You when tell is like to not there that would you decided together that wife, he means you and then husband sponded, and unto a job in as as to the world important you desirable, you because enjoyable, married shall be be that would that we you If son. are so your that busy canyou you of the companionwith that type one companions loving to desired have happy, to not that so a be companion son your

lives. your throughout other. perpetuated ship soul, to his help save are can you you

Where is that companionship now? Then there is that very potent last too busy, and you need to readjust. If

Are you, as husbands and wives, real portion, "and none else,"which rules you will be a companion to him, and if companions today? Do you have fun out all types of competition. Any maryou will keep the standards of the

together? Do you ever go out together ried man who pays attention to any Church, and in that companionship

and really have a good time? Do you woman other than his wife, to that teach those standards to your son, as

work together? Do you worship God toextent is in rebellion against Almighty that boy watches you observe those high

gether? Do you maintain that high God, and any woman who is married principles, he will have respect both

respect for each other that you once and receives attention from any other for you and those principles and will had, remembering that there can be man is flying in the face of Providence be converted to them, and thereby you no real love at home unless there is and violating the law of heaven. will place him on the high road to

respect for each other, and that there Now, if you have broken this law, salvation.

is precious little respect unless we are what is the answer? President Stephen You mothers, teach your daughters

respectable? L Richards gave it to you yesterday in by means of companionship also. A

884 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA couple of weeks ago when I was comwas none of the atmosphere of what grow up, do not change the recipe. Coning home on the train, there was in the I have just described to you. There tinue to be companions to them, and

same car with me a young mother was happiness and laughter and joy as you give them that companionship, and her two little girls. It was a long because on the same train and over the they will love you; they will honor you;

ride, and these little girls were tired and same long journey this second mother they will seek your advice. Even when

peevish. This mother was one of those was playing with her little daughters. they have grown up, you will see that

strict disciplinarians who apparently She was a playmate, a pal, to them. I from time to time in the midst of their

knew nothing but discipline. I am noticed that in the midst of the game games or their worries, they will come

sure that with that stern face, if she one of the little girls came up and hugto you and put their arms about you and had ever smiled it would have cracked ged her mother, and said, "Mother, I say, "Mother, I love you."

her face all over, she was so rigid and love you so much."Then she went Love at home comes through proper

so stern. She gave those children a back to play her game again. companionship. Husband and wife

very bad time, and they gave her a bad I thought, what a pattern for all may be kept together through it. Mother

time, and a bad time was had by all. mothers. If mothers would just be comand father can save their sons and

Then, as I went into the next car on panions, beginning when the children their daughters by proper companionmy way to the diner, I noticed another are small, what a marvelous influence ship, and that they will, I humbly pray mother and her two little girls. There they could have. And mothers, as they in Jesus'name. Amen.

Friday Afternoon, October 1, 1954

Magnifying

Our Calling

by Antoine R. Ivins

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

"y brethren and sisters: If I say the doctrine, whether it be of God. And are we determined to accept the reanything that may be helpful to we should strive first of all to get that sponsibilities of these various offices and

Iff you this afternoon, it will be betestimony that will carry us through and magnify them?

cause you lend me your faith and over all the temptations and pitfalls Brethren and sisters, when I contemprayers, for I sense a deep feeling of that may lie in our path. I think that plate the fact that the privileges which

responsibility as I occupy your time. is the only way really to know that you and I enjoy are carrying into a

I represent one of the quorums of the the gospel is true, to put it into praclife which will extend beyond this one priesthood which we call the General tice in our lives. There are many of into eternity, then I am overpowered

Authorities of the Church. You face us, perhaps, who feel that the position with the thought that I should bend

the General Authorities. We face the which we hold is not too important, every effort and every power within

great body of the priesthood who regubut I like, as I go through the stakes me to magnify my calling, so I should late, under the direction of the General and meet the priesthood of the stakes, be worthy of a high and exalted posiAuthorities, the affairs of the wards, to express my idea that so far as I am tion afterwards. It is within the possithe stakes, and the missions of the concerned, the most important job, if bility of every man to do it. That was

Church. To bear that priesthood is a you want to call it a job, and the most the design of God, our heavenly Father,

tremendous responsibility, and it is the important assignment in the priesthood that we should come here with equal duty of us who bear it to magnify it, is the one I have. If I can manage privileges. The problem is, are we

to come to understand through our to magnify my calling, I should not willing, and will we do it? We can

faith, our prayers, and our service what worry about what other people, either if we will. Will we leave this conthe duties of the various offices are ahead of me or who work along by ference with a renewed determination

and then strive to magnify our calling. my side, are able to do. My problem, to magnify our callings, and to help

to set apart people brethren and we are whom sisters, is to magnify my the ordination one accepts an Whenever of the leaders calling. help, particular who arc we it that there I takein the priesthood,

just or think Church, we have will we brethren of the priesthood the is if it not Now promise, even impliedis an to proceed time pleasant and had a great and a before us is stand who to will undertake magvoiced, that he forget admonitions? the of the All endowment. wonderful I us, of calling. thatnify Too many

think, when we fail, lay it to the fact grand and glorious privileges that we Brethren and sisters, we cannot afthat the devil tempts us. I think myenjoy as members of the Church come ford to forget the good resolutions that

self, we ought to take personal reto us only through the offices of that we make when we sit under the spell sponsibility for it, because when we priesthood. We should appreciate it, of these brethren who are surroundare endowed with the priesthood we brothers and sisters; we should love it; ing us. We cannot wish ourselves into

are supposed to have access to our and we should strive to magnify it. success; praying will help; but there

heavenly Father and to his Spirit, which This has been the problem, of course, must be activity if we magnify this would give us control over all of these of mankind from the beginning, to live calling.

weaknesses and temptations, and if we in a manner that would please God. There are many of us, as I said, who

would enjoy to the very fullest the We should strive to do it. are presidents of elders'quorums. The

Spirit of God, we would have that Now, some of us are presidents of elders'quorum is the largest quorum control. elders'quorums, some of us are presiin the Melchizedek Priesthood, larger

Now, the only way to get this Spirit dents of seventies'quorums, some of us than the combined quorums of the that I know of is to work for it. The are presidents of high priests'quorums, high priests and the seventies. If we

Lord has said if we would do the things and some of us have special offices in would strive to benefit and bless the he has told us to do, we will know of this priesthood. Are we willing, and (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1954 885 brethren today, and sisters, appeal My this responsibilityAntoine R. Ivins Continued is that have we who

shall make a renewed effort to underMelchizedek Priesthood, generally, in sibility. We who hold office in it, stand our problems and to magnify it,

the Church, it seems that that is the presiding offices in it, have perhaps and the wives should make a definite place where we should put special efthe greater responsibility. We who are resolution that they will never stand

fort, it is because large the group, are wives, the wives, the and or you who official performance in the the way ofit just to happens be, trust in that, can include have myself I cannot if we of of the a husband. duty statisticsthe of the of responsibility Church, the husthe helping group your

where our help could be most effective bands to do it, and too often it is your May God bless us, not only with an and most noticeable. But do we do it? failure to cooperate which prevents understanding of our problems, but also

We, who are presidents of the elders an officer from fully magnifying his with the power to do it, I pray in the quorums? Do we sit down with our calling. name of Jesus. Amen.

brethren, privately, and talk over their problems with them, striving to encourage them in their work, or are we content to stand up before them on Sunday morning in the quorum meeting, a announce and hymn a ". let it a speaker,prayer and and go at.. as pertaining to

that?

Bishop Buehner this morning spoke about the dignity of ward teaching. I

believe the best ward teaching that Iever heard of was that performed by a our salvation"mend of mine on the ditchbank with the boys, the teenage boys of his particular ward. Ward teaching should

go right into the homes of the people by Eldrcd G. Smith

and attack their personal problems. It PATRIARCH TO THE CHURCH

is not a matter of the weather or things of that sort. We have discovered in

stakethe missionary ten in that work

It unit. has family the been I through assure sisters: you brothers andyears have picked seven we thousand up

it all will so mortality, so in through prayers why faith your and needchildren whose negbaptism been had life? in family the so next This not is be If behalf. there anyone who Imylected because they not taught been had My is has that I so the unit Lord important I do. of Lord, the help the needsits necessity. the stake misWhen it all families the that to us known been that all has made endorse heartily cansionaries found eager them, they were together. sealed of be I earth the must have conference, this and at saidto baptized, willing, be not only but

of of millenthe the time the end I everything By endorse faith that can Iteager. has to always appealed me posterity all of ac- I Adam's conference. nium who this in will said that bethat line, along the somewhere some together gospel sealed cept the be must Petersen's like comment Brother Mark teacher, as well as father theward and priestof as the the said, family power by one to has been postscript of a what forgotmother, a duty, the and same

is seal to the hood, power on which I thought like to add would and my Ithing, think, elders'to applies the it in shall sealed heaven, earth be and postscript. as another seventies'thequorums and quorums.

it earth, shall to be and bind and on placed is In beginning, the very of to president a God underduty The in heaven. bound earth, gave life hestand the him of the private on every and Adam member

to earth person the Every comes who fowl fish his theof the to over dominion and and quorum do he can what all receive to opportunity an must have all earth. the cattle over to theameliorate and conditions adverse and and

if sealings blessings of will these the he exlike pretty this If a the ones. seem couldenhance would good we Now the of before accept, the sometime end tbat, today, for alted presiposition people but brethren, as somedo quorum

just could not millennium. a be There all over asdents, bishops, as even dominion presidents, he stake had though

it if sealing otherwise. were These God is that said, "It earth, goodas not the councilmen, high think a wonGod what

first, are blessings obtained, the through it alone,"2:18)derful (Gen. the be to the contribution should be would man

of of into ordinance the baptism Church Eve the of untowelfare he the gave the of and him woman membership is to Christ. the Jesus wife be Then all, of helpmeet. a to be and After brethren, those ThenChurch. companion

for for to sealed the time and husband first great are the comare gave unto that ofus here them mainly God who all eternity, those children and who replenish of multiply tocategory, or and those mandment categories—those this are outside of born wedlock must

I earth. are the facing here,us who whom am their to that sealed parents they be may official are have mainlynow, lived they told long are not how men—who We receive as blessings the they thoughresponsibility in priesthood, this and of before they in the Garden Eden everthe were under born and new it? are are doing aboutwhat we of tree fruit the of of We the the partook lasting covenant.

it is true, a work,doing wonderful evil of were and good and knowledge this died Those have without law who in are perfection nearing notbut we start their to of cast garden the out privilege of the these receiving have may it. consider great the number we I When to existence. point mortal want The is blessings proxy. by our where That majorof their past have gone who men is estabhimself clear that make God in. first responsibility comes must We lifeity into ever married without and is It first unit. not family the lished living, to teach the gospel the then and all, at received priesthoodhaving any institution which developed an by man for of our those families died withwho that will agreethen somewith you me the aside in cast be and outgrown can out rectheir the gather law must wc line, sucalong the not havewhere we is progress. All that course of human this ords great that important work and in do.ceeded doing should what we asis lives dearest in nearest our and for be can them. done great the contemplate you When families. has sociated our Love with

number of priests who go out of the its center here, and where love is, there Quoting the Prophet Joseph Smith 128 in Section of the Doctrine and Covepriests'into get never and quorum also. Truly, it find happiness the we is nants subject: on this toelders'will admit have quorum, you not be alone. The good for man to

thatagain somewhere provided in his has along the line Lord a way wisdom dearly beloved now, brethren And my failed.leadership has this earth, to be happy on for man sisters, let assure and and you that me

Now, brethren and sisters, we who to carry that joy on through all eternity. are principles in relation to the dead theseand

hold the priesthood have that responThe greatest joy and happiness comes the living that cannot be lightly passed 886 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA over, as pertaining to our salvation. For ords of our ancestors that we possibly This is a responsibility for each of

their salvation is necessary and essential to can. I do not mean just a halfhearted us. Not one of us can be made perfect

salvation, as says the concerning Paul if I diligently, attempt. this constantly, the Seek Lord work. without doubt

they without us be cannot ourfathers—that so are for a that excuse will wait accept not the and prayerfully. we Do can made our without we perfect—neither organizawill auxiliary in convenient come. the never working busy time—it perfect. be dead made

it off until old age when tions that we cannot spend a part of our And now, in relation to the baptism for Do not put the dead, I will give you another quotation we are not able to do anything else. time in genealogy. Any part of this

of Paul, 1 Corinthians, 15:29: Else what We never know what tomorrow will we do not do which we should do must

shall they do which are baptized for the bring, and we must see that the work is be done by someone else, for it must dead, if the dead rise not at all? Why are done, completing the sealing of each be done. If we shirk our responsibilithey then baptized for the dead? (Italics family group. There is no one who ties, how can we expect to receive the

added.) can escape the responsibility of this blessings?

And again, in connection with this quotawork. We will not be excused beTo those scattered around the world,

I tion will give a you quotation from one I of encouragement? or other a say cause thought aunt word some an we may

of the prophets, his fixed had eye who on in trust diligent, cheer, of relative work. be the doing good Be was

restoration the of the priesthood, glories the will you. lady, genealogist, help Lord, a the You he was young and One to in be revealed last the days, in an and

if are find question, placed asked probably the where you were you "What especial this glorious all manner of most subjects belonging to the everlasting gosan undesirable character in your famto do a special work in gathering records pel, namely, the baptism for the dead; for ily tree, such as a pirate or convict or the or to fulfil a special missionary assignMalachi says, last chapter, verses 5th and like?"She answered, "My responsibility ment. If you will let him, the Lord

6th: Behold, I will send you Elijah the does not concern how he lived but just will give you success in your work and

prophet the before the coming great of and I all, died. After so doing. lived that in he happiness and much

dreadful the day Lord: shall of he And all those existence to only blessing his him, be upon and owe my my May the turn heart the to fathers the children, of

is this that of in to the that work, diligent debt paying are we do way who the heart the and to their children of fathers,

I It for for sealing his coming, him. the prepare baptism and work way may I lest smite the come earth and with a

curse. (Italics added.) will be up to him to accept it."pray, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

... the earth will be smitten with a

curse unless there is a welding link of some kind or other between the fathers other—andand the children,behold uponwhat someis thatsubjectsubject?or

It is the baptism for the dead. For we

without them cannot be made perfect;

neither can they without us be made perfect. (D. & C. 128:1518.) Our Great

This does not refer to just the few of today—aus who arehandfulmembersof hisof children—butthe Church Responsibility

this work must be done for all of our ancestors before we can be sure of our salvation. It is a tremendous task! At

the rate we are baptizing for the dead in by Sterling W. Sill

our temples today, plus the baptisms of the living, it is estimated that it ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE would take over four thousand years to baptize the two billion four hundred four days it will be six months ten by every present General Authority million living who are now on to of invited the President order that I might Church in McKay me the Insince earth, counting dead. the Are without learn his his office to notify something that I from had devotion and me

there as many righteous dead as there been called to this position. These six faith. I have not finished this project

are people living today? If so, how is months have been tremendous months yet, but I have made substantial progress

this work going to be accomplished? It to me. While I have always been active in that direction, and I have been deis a task which must be done. All of in Church work, it has mostly been in lighted at the great stimulation and inGod's children who will accept the gossome ward or stake capacity, and somespiration that I have received. I found

pel must become welded into one great times our appreciation is restricted by out a long time ago, that we may not family. For this purpose he has seen our experience. But during these last only be inspired by our Father in heavfit to send choice spirits to various parts six months I have had the new expeen, but we may also receive inspiration

of fhe earth. These choice spirits acrience of visiting many stakes of the from his children.

cept the gospel when it is brought to Church, located in six states and one This particular reading comes as a them. Then from that nucleus, others foreign country. In each case I have sort of climax to a great experience that

of their families and friends accept the not been in that stake more than a few began for me ten years ago when I gospel. They come to the temples of hours before I have felt almost as much heard Adam S. Bennion give a lecture

the Lord and perform their own sealat home as though I had lived there on the value of great literature. It was

ings and then the work for their dead all of my life, and I have been delighted near the end of the Japanese war and ancestors. and inspired to find that all over the he presented this proposition: Suppose

Converts have three sealing steps they Church there is the same fervent testithat you were going to be a prisoner in must be present for in the temple: Those mony of the gospel, and the same devo- a Japanese concentration camp for the

who are married must have the wife tion to God that has characterized the next four years, and that you would sealed to the husband, then their chilgreat men and women of my own ward be permitted to take with you the works dren sealed to them, then those parents and stake, to whom I owe such a great of any ten authors. Which would you

are to be sealed to their parents. Those debt of gratitude. take, and what would you expect to get

who are born under the covenant have This has been a profitable experience from your study? That is, what are the

these choice blessings automatically. to me for many other reasons. One values in great literature in great huDo we appreciate those blessings? is that I have become a little better man thought? Brother Bennion's idea

Many converts would willingly spend acquainted with the men who lead the was that one might select the ten authe rest of their lives in whatever effort Church, not only because of more frethors in the world in whom he had the is necessary to obtain the opportunity quent personal contact, but also on the greatest interest and confidence, the men of being sealed to their parents and day of my appointment I made a resothat he would like most to resemble, consider it well worth the effort. lution that I would read from beginning and then read everything that they had

Then we need to gather all the recto end every book that had been writ- (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1954 887 I do not know of anyone who does

Sterling W. Sill Cont inuec know. If someone could find out what

God is, that would be the greatest news

I world."the into ever that come had

to theirever written, try written ideas can have and one one down, by we your give said to him, you me "Would

I I is, their in turn;exhaust thoughts. think that not think do each hope you

is statement the of by idea meant whathis as Fielding try feel to President every thought. embarrass Joseph You 'God that says in which Genesis (1:27)

felt. recent his speaking pry and probe abouthe Smith and by You may image'?"in his He created own man into great of his entitled Originpeep corner every book mind. You Man—His 1 is of thing said, which one "There

I life istry live to his again. of Destiny, the think which over one and is that sure, that reasonably and am

I a of this great the Following Church. books suggestion has would been

is God; anthropomorphic an not God preslike to see everywonderful person world in experience the to me, and in the image created not that was man

I for thisently great of ten book, read knowlre-reading what one am my of God."

authors. has important particular could author and be This edge more

is of the great This one man, who is five of to thereinwritten ideas helpful the books. than them One man the religious leaders in most popularentitled President presented. the Another packed has Testament. Smith Old

world, not and understand does God, is is the this study, the meditation, into the Testament. and book One New

is life eternal, said, this yet "... Jesus

is of of lifetime, the a devotion our DocthroughBook but Mormon. One

that thee they only the might know is thetrine ideas all one of these Covenants and reading and make may we true Christ, thou Jesus and God, whom Price.Pearl of read or time in Great a a Each This our month. we week own

sent."hast addition 17:3.) In (John ita great becomes with book of of a advantages the a new purpose is one

this, to this has taken upon man who is the book.a not because This book. new

of to minister in himself the name in but changed, thewords that indicate have try book to the need To

Christ preexistence not does understand to bring outlook;because it a exists in in world, new we the and our own

or resurrection. the does not know He Bible the read Ifor example, might lives, religious information, one for proper

to get from it its literature, or its history, would like to tell you of an experience the difference between the Aaronic and or its philosophy, or its psychology, or that I had a few weeks before I read the Melchizedek Priesthood, nor does its theology, but I am not rereading the Brother Smith's book. I happened to he understand the organization of the

standard works of the Church primarbe in a large eastern city on a business Church, or the use of temples, or salvaily for any of these reasons. Rather, I assignment and, inasmuch as I was in tion for the dead. He does not underam trying to get better acquainted with the city over Sunday and was not constand the necessity for divine authority,

great a other docsimple many author.the to and to venient Church, I went own my

trines of that Jesus are plainly menDaniel minisof great Protestant the Twohig wrote a sacred song hear one entitled, "I Walked Today Where Jeters of the world. After the meeting tioned and discussed in the scriptures.

is the spiritual directorsus Walked,"and I have no doubt that was over, I was shown through their Yet this man that would be a thrilling experience, to great church edifice, and I bought a of thousands of people.

stand on the very spot of ground on book written by the minister, which I was greatly impressed by the earwhich Jesus once stood, but we may I read very carefully on the train comnestness of his declaration that to know have an experience which is far more ing home. Three weeks later I was God would be the greatest information

important. For through the scriptures again in this city and again went to that could ever come into the world.

I returned home, I decided to findwe can think, today, what Jesus thought. hear this man speak. After the servWhen

out were the important events what feel try of can people large to as he can ice a group over was WeWe that towere in the happening world to try did. speakastry to to do the with lined he hands shake up Wefelt.may

that I could day so a comparison. make is. I all gone, er. others of After the he hadbecome what

I called a asked newspaperman up and told myself introduced and him how this question: asked has Someone

if let he him would what know me I his and sermons enjoyed had like much to create your would own youHow greatest the were events the of news things there but were some his book, isn't that we about Butmind? what

last year. listed following: the He I I not understand and could that said all are doing? William James

'... the mind is made up by what w7ould appreciate it if he would disStalin's death in March 1953.

it feeds upon."Someone else has said, cuss some of them with me. He had The execution of the Rosenbergs in

"... the mind, like the dyer's hand, is used some phrases in reference to God June 1953.

colored by what it holds."That is, if such as "immerse yourself in God,"or The Greenlease kidnaping last fall.

I hold in my hand a sponge full of "send your roots down into God,"or The Harry Dexter White case last purple dye, my hand becomes purple, "fill your mind with God,"and I asked fall.

and when we hold in our minds and him if he would explain to me his conThe East German food riots in early hearts the thoughts of God, ideas havception of God. He was very frank to 1954.

ing to do with great spirituality and desay, "I do not know what God is, and The hydrogen bomb.

votion and faith, then our lives are The launching of the atomic submade up accordingly, for as the writer marine, Nautilus, in January 1954.

of the Proverbs said, "... As he [a man] The Puerto Ricans who shot up

thinketh in his heart, so is he."Congress in March 1954.

(Proverbs 23:7.) The polio vaccination test, 1954.

I am very grateful for these wonderful The ArmyMcCarthy hearings, 1954.

books which we call the standard works Most of these events have to do with of the Church, because through them bringing death into the world, whereas we may think even the thoughts of God to know God could bring eternal life as the prophets have recorded them to all men. With this in mind, I

through all the ages of the world. The opened the Doctrine and Covenants and

Old Testament was written in the period reread with a new appreciation the acantedating the mortality of Jesus. The count of this greatest event that has

New Testament is written about his happened upon this earth since the earth life. The Doctrine and Covedays that Jesus lived upon it. This

nants was written in our own day. And wonderful event is recorded so that

the Book of Mormon and the Pearl of everyone may read and understand.

Great Price reach across all three of We declare to the world that in the these periods. spring of 1820, God the Father and his

But, in addition to the standard works, son, Jesus Christ, appeared to Joseph

I am very grateful for the recorded Smith, to reestablish upon the earth ideas of those who presently and in the a belief in the God of Genesis, and to past have led the Church. Because they restore in its fulness the knowledge of

888 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA all of the principles of the gospel. To it was revealed to Paul as he journeyed dared I do it."(P. of G. P. Joseph Smith

discover God is the greatest discovery on the way to Damascus that Jesus was 2:25.) Now that the same thing has

that anyone ever makes in his lifetime, the Christ, a great responsibility was been made known to us, a great reand in trying to understand the great placed upon him. When the same thing sponsibility has been placed upon us,

responsibility that goes with such a diswas made known to Joseph Smith, a and I pray that our heavenly Father covery, I got down on my knees and tremendous responsibility was placed will help us to be effective, inspired, unasked God to help me bear an acceptupon him. He said, "... I had seen a tiring bearers of this great truth to all

able witness of him to all of those with vision; I knew it, and I knew that God men everywhere in the world. This

whom I should come in contact. When knew it, and I could not deny it, neither prayer I ask in Jesus'name. Amen.

Jesus the Christ

by John Longden ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

"y dear brothers and sisters: This is and that seek him with the whole heart. And I say also unto thee, That thou art

Peter, I 119:2.) this (Psalm and rock upon will build my seventh anniversary third and my

church; the gates of hell and shall prenot I honored that time have been

it. is vail against I there that also mindful Yes, am this of in privilege standing theM with I will give thee unto And keys the of the in evidence the have great strength we

I timidity that position. the assure you of kingdom heaven: and whatsoever thou tithes their and paying people from

it is as seven great as just today was shalt bind shall earth on be in bound of this Lord the that offerings work

I that realize ago. heaven: conferences whatsoever shalt and loose thou When I that believe progress. grow and may earth shall on loosed in this be heaven. (Matt. of opened the God, Prophet who

lies in the this of strength Church the 16:1319.) his in this morning, glorious conference

people testimony individual may which as aid divine soughtwisdom, humbly positive say that a you Would was their if will conform but possess they others position, this as the occupied he testimony Peter that had? knew He restored the of teachings to lives the I him, succeeded have done have who that Christ, of Jesus the the was Son Christ. of Jesus gospel for realize the ever need than more living the God. That unto him came congregathis of I vast mindful am I to a assistance, brought that and am It divine revelation. by unto can come also the this afternoon and tion here

is anything there that not consciousness every individual desire to a has who capacity of which vast congregation—the if have this in Church that do we we serve to his God, know commandments in listening will be know we not—who assist, benefit to and to aid desire and his to be submissive will and be and be those radio the and over may who act should bless but people what we to obedient the same. Anyone may I that trust television. over viewing of heavenly inspiration our theunder positive possess a testimony. posi- I this occupy the in moments few Father. Again occasion, another the on on that I message a bring tion you may fortywas Another of Pentecost day the Savior anniversary—it comhad assistin of of value will worth and be this of seventh years the five ago on his missioned disciples to forward go for testimony. seek to a ing you to I privileged land since wasmonth, his doctrines. proclaim and had They I say, so people heard have many father, Salt in City he with Lake my the power to authority necessary and experience the had same have you and just shortly the gospel acceptedhaving of teach the gospel Christ to Jesus and

I in positive so sure: seem "You am little I in the town before born was administer in the thereof ordinances statement or in testimony your your I grateful of England. Oldham, am pertain to the salvation which exand is the lives that that Jesus and God still has lives at eightyonethat and he of altation our heavenly chilFather's testi- I positive in Christ."my am gospel of divinity of the the testimony a dren.

it I assure that to but want you mony, called this thing in of Christ and Jesus let all Therefore the selfof Israel house spirit of is or in egotism not"Mormonism."assuredly, that know hath that God made spirit in exaltation the whatsoever—onlythe bear of servants heard have God We Jesus, crucified, same ye have both whom I attencall to your humility. of would is his this work that testimonies their Christ. Lord and Savior experience the had tion the which I believe are engaged, in and this, which they heard we they when were Now approached occasion he one when on their heart, pricked in lies this said strength of and Church. the Peter untotherein

disciples the other Peter and when rest to the apostles, of the he and I statement, Men and that am makeWhen I perfor brethren, mistaken shall been what had many other do? we great that there is of the factmindful

said Peter unto them, Repent, Then and of sonages, program in missionary the strength of baptized every be in one the you name voluntary is a great whichthe Church, of for the Christ sins, Jesus of remission of coasts into the came When Jesus

I because of this conscious service. am gift receive of the ye shall and the disciples, his Holy Philippi, asked he Caesarea

saying, do men say that I the Son Ghost. Whom

For the promise is unto you, and to your INewhaveEnglandhad the Missionprivilegegoingof touringas far theas am? of man

St. Johns, Newfoundland. In the past And they said, Some say that thou art children, and to all that are afar off, even

two months I have been all the way John the Baptist: some, Elias; and others, as many as the Lord our God shall call.

from the West Coast to St. Johns, NewJeremias, or one of the prophets. And with many otner words did he

saving, testify exhort, yourselves and Save saith unto them, ye say But whom He I of testimonies heard havefoundland.

this 2:36generation. (Acts from untoward that am? to the Church, convertedthose newly 40.) said, Peter answered and Simon AndI of those testimonies heard haveand I of living Christ, art the the the Son Thou this I believe applies that dispensain the stalwarts through been havewho God.

this in almost as tion 1954, it did year It is Psalmist the recordedyears. by said Jesus him, unto answered and And

David: Blessed art thou, Simon Barjona: for flesh two thousand years ago when that posiand blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but tive declaration was given by Peter.

Blessed are they that keep his testimonies, my Father which is in heaven. {Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1954 889 ence, you may also have a positive testiJohn Longden Continued mony that God lives and that Jesus is the Christ, the divine Son of God our those I trust that Father, heavenly and after skin destroy though After worms the And resurrection of my our Lord and after thirsting are hungering and who I flesh yet in shall see God. my Savior Jesus Christ, the this in he appeared desire within a righteousness have may I see for shall myself, mine and Whombody, upper and, chamber on one

all truth for truth, to hearts their shall accept eyes behold, another; not and though oh, they glad to were see receive him—tooccasion reins be Father. within eternal consumed me. our (Job my from emanates God their Lord. gave these conthem He 19:2327.)

is to today, testimony you This my soling in words we, today, which might find comfort: "Peace be unto you."Yes, my brothers and sisters and and I bear it in humility and in the

friends of the radio and television audiname of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

Then the same day at evening, before the first day of the week, when the doors were shut where the disciples were assembled for fear of the Jews, came Jesus and stood in the midst, and saith unto them, Peace be unto you.

And when he had so said, he shewedunto them his hands and his side. Then THE DIVINE

were the disciples glad, when they saw the

Lord.

Then said Jesus to them, again, Peace be unto you: as my Father hath sent me,

even so send I you. And when he had said this, he breathed Church

on them, and saith unto them, Receive ye the Holy Ghost:

Whose soever sins ye remit, they are remitted unto them; and whose soever sins by Henry D. Aloyle

ye retain, they are retained.

But Thomas, one of the twelve, called OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Didymus, was not with them when Jesus came.

The other disciples therefore said unto RESTORATION OF THE GOSPEL—This Tennessee, I saw a sign done in bronzehim, We have seen the Lord. But he said THEstatement presupposes two fundaon the corner of a bank building which

unto I them, Except shall see in his facts existence hands the mental read former in substance: (1) around "The Church

the print of the nails, put and finger into my its earth; gospel the the the corner the teaches upon oldfashioned (2)the print of nails, the thrust and hand my etc. a of there gospel very Christ."Jesus This Was ofloss—disappearance,into his I side, will believe. not

is It divine as mischurch? our of this great attempt part on the church much after eight And days his again disciples

sion to earth to existence itself proclaim distinguish on the presentother from within,were and with Thomas them: then

came Jesus, the doors being shut, and stood of the gospel in earlier dispensations as day churches is evidence sufficient of in the midst, and said, Peace be unto you. anything can be. The world today the necessity of missionary work to be

Then saith he to Thomas, Reach hither wonders why we sent missionaries to done among those professing faith in thy finger, and behold my hands; and reach socalled Christian nations rather than newfashioned religions conceived of

hither thy hand, thrust and it into my side: soconfine all efforts our proselyting to the those and among men who deny be faithless,and not but believing. called faiths, nations. heathen existence deny even the answer of God. The And Thomas answered said and unto is important. Christianity to a socalled have gosmission has preach the Wehim, Lord and My God. my Jesus saith unto him, Thomas, because lost the knowledge of the true gospel of pel—the existence and the true concepthou hast seen me, thou hast believed: Jesus Christ as established in former tion of God to our fellow men, the esblessed are they that that have not seen, times. tablishment of his Church upon the

and yet have believed. (John 20:1929.) earth by his Only Begotten Son, Jesus

Jesus said answered And and unto them, Christ. fact, in cannot, proclaim We I have that heed not Take seen you. the no deceive Master Jesus man restoration the gospel proof the without

shall For in saying, Christ, come name, many but firm a my I have conviction and its claiming preexistence. restoraThe I Christ; shall deceive and am many. (Mat- I lives.testimony that he that know tion bring that must back was which 24:4-5.) thew I I have blessed as been in go about originally established. Something

humble, weak endeavoringmy else way to restoration; a not be would neither can into go the to teach world them We fulfil assignments to which come by me is restore that here. you already which the as as former well latterday the inthose authority. I cannot that deny restore lost, is can that only which gospel of Christ. Jesus We the not Did his and ChristGod Jesus Son have been gone, disappeared. Restoration means Isaiah prophets say: and Micah to blesswith that the me people me to bring that back formerly which we

life. fed be ofmight the bread it shall to in pass come last And the had.

f days, that the of grateful for mountain Lord's a the positive house testimony. am upon The foundation which the established in shall be of the the top moun-

I of Jesus Christ in In conclusion is organized like should to give tains, shall hills; Church exalted be and the above

you a positive testimony from the Old and all nations shall flow unto it. these latter days is the statement of

Testament. The Prophet Job had sufAnd many people shall go and say, Come Jesus Christ to the boy who, in the

fered much, and yet his testimony was ye, and let us go up to the mountain of strength and simplicity of his faith, sufficiently strong that he had the power the Lord, to the house of the God of Jacob; prayed to God for enlightenment upon

to subdue and rise above and overcome and he will teach us of his ways, and we this very subject. Where is the Church

his in for paths: walk shall out of Zion ofthe Christ of weaknesses to Jesus the flesh found? the will be boy because The forth law, go the of and the the word LordSpirit of of all fourteen asked the Lord taken the precedence of had Lord which Jerusalem. from

life.in his sects indelibly right the So did was should and which he desire he shall judge he the nations, And among

his testimony to be inscribed upon the and shall rebuke many people: and they join. He was told by the Lord that

hearts and minds of men that he said: shall beat their swords into plowshares, he must join none of them, for they

and their spears into pruninghooks: nation were all wrong, that all their creeds

Oh that my words were now written! oh shall not lift up sword against nation, were an abomination in his sight, that

that they were printed in a book! neither shall they learn war any more. they drew near to him with their lips

of let house Jacob, ye, and come they graven with were That O an iron hearts but their were far him. from

light of (Isaiah in the us the Lord. walk lead in for ever! rock the andpen

teach for doctrine the They commandalso 4:1-3.) see Micah liveth, that redeemer For and 2:2-5; I know my

that he shall stand at the latter day upon ments of men, having a form of godthe earth: Not many years ago in Knoxville, liness but they deny the power thereof.

890 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA He again forbade the boy to join any And through covetousness shall they with with few, if any, exceptions by men of them. A restoration of the divine feigned words make merchandise of you: who have in turn found the subject

Church was later to be effected through whose judgment now of a long time lingereth matter of their writings as a matter of the instrumentality of this boy intensive research. very nature By their as he not,(Ibid.,and2:1-3.)their damnation slumbereth not. grew to manhood, the Prophet facts lent Joseph the themnot found have

Smith. The Angel Moroni later told The earth mourneth and fadeth away, selves to too great a simplification. The

the Prophet in September of 1823: the world languisheth and fadeth away, the priesthood quorums for the past three

years struggled these lessons. have with of earth people the haughty do languish.

Behold, I will reveal unto you the Priestis also defiled in the the inthemselves put Some The earth under of them hood, the of Elijah by the hand prophet, thereof; habitants they because have transspirit sucof researcher the have and

before the of great the coming dreadand gressed laws, the the ordinance, changed benefit greatest in getting the ceeded of the (D. Lord. C.ful day 2:1.) & everlasting broken the covenant. are therefrom. ones the have They who

hisqualified secular from themselves the Smith given Joseph not only was curse Therefore the hath devoured itself, for part the tory written by the most keys Elijah of which earth, that are desotherein dwell and they priesthood—the

redirectly affected clergy, the the by held, previously but late: Oliver therefore he of the earth and the inhabitants

Cowdery had also received the apostolic are burned, and few men left. (Isaiah cital of the facts, the changes of docpriesthood at the hands of Peter, James, 24:4-6.) trine which actually took place in their

and John, with authority and direction own churches, the departures from the once again to select twelve apostles. And I saw another angel fly in the midst simple truths enunciated by the Savior

of everlasting gospel heaven, having the of establishment himself, pagan the of priesthood thusThe was God once to earth, the that preach dwell unto on them estabpractices to church, the within restored to earth, authoragain the the kindred, nation, to tonevery and and and all of lish churches departure the the ity divine the should by which Church gue, people. and simple of the in the 1830 from world vital reestablished so earth, the be on voice, Fear with loud a Saying God, Christ. of of and truths gospel Jesus the large, at the to Christian world whether his of to the for give glory judghour him;

refer to only examples a few need is We restoration, this every or that heathen, is that worship come: and him ment made

bearer of the priesthood should be wellheaven, and earth, and the sea, and the which are so clearly set forth in the versed in the historic facts such as we fountains of waters. (Revelation 14:6-7.) priesthood manuals of the last three

have of the original foundations of the years. Take, for example, baptism withto restored gospel earth otherwise than This authority, performed is out its now disappearance and gospel—its

salvation, of infant of a the doctrines by a plan means life and by immersion; princirestoration as well as the first

ples of the gospel itself. What could which through our obedience we can be damnation, of transubstantiation, of

be more appropriate for the large body brought back into the presence of our predestination, of an immaterial God of the priesthood of the Church than eternal heavenly Father crowned with who created man both body and soul periodically to direct its study to these glory, immortality, and eternal lives. out of nothing, that man may be saved

matters of such great historic value to It has always had a universal applicaby grace alone, indulgences, absolutions, us and to our missionary work. We tion. It was the same gospel in Jeruintercession of saints, along with the

have studied them now for three years. salem, Constantinople, Ephesus, or miraculous power of relics, of masses,

We have not been left without evidence Rome. It is eternal in its endurance! of the worship of images in churches,

of an apostasy from the gospel as given If we were to go to any of these cities of purgatory, of monasticism. Such a

us by the Savior. Our course of study or any place else to which the Apostles marked departure from the simple prinprepared by Elder James L. Barker has of Christ carried the true gospel and ciples of the gospel of Jesus Christ. The

given us many important historic facts they claimed to be the rightful succeschange was so obvious, thinking people with which we should be familiar. sors of Christ, we would have one abwere compelled to participate in the

Others will find and, from time to time, solute, unchangeable, accurate, and great Reformation as soon as the Bible add more to our fund of knowledge at the same time simple standard by itself came into their hands.

just as Elders Parley P. Pratt, James E. which we could judge the validity of We are told that by the year 1520

Talmage, and B. H. Roberts, and others their claims, assuming as the facts comthere were eighteen translations of the

have done in the past from historic pel, that after a relatively short time Bible in German, eleven in Italian, four sources. The scriptures themselves the teachings of those professing to be in Bohemian, and two in Dutch. Thus

prophesy of the falling away from the the followers of Christ differed in practhose who read the Bible for the first true gospel of Jesus Christ. tically every country if not in every time were shocked at the depth and

We read: thesegreat city.priesthoodIt hascoursesbeen thewhichpurposeBrotherof thetakenbreadthplace ofinthethedeparturechurcheswhichof hadthe

I charge thee therefore before God, and Barker has outlined, for us to put these world from the simple truths of the the Lord Jesus Christ, who shall judge the various, presentday claims to this test gospel of Jesus Christ. These are the

quick and the dead at his appearing and his Do any of their teachings and pracbenefits which have come to those who kingdom; tices conform to Christ's? have studied earnestly the priesthood

Preach the word; be instant in season, manuals of the last three years.

exhort rebuke, with of reprove, season;out that are so ye from I marvel soon removed getting Others struggled without have

doctrine.longsuffering and into called grace that the him you spirit of so this the into in deeply which will will they the time come when For Christ gospel: another unto great entitled Divine work The Church their after doctrine; but endurenot sound

is not another; but there be some Which It written. that a subject has was been to themselves they lusts shall heapown pervert that you, trouble the would and effort. ears; itching could not mastered withoutteachers, be having

Christ. of gospel their ears shall turn away it they Let written without say And not was me

or angel we, though heaven, But from an truth, shall be turned unto and thefrom effort. a relationseems There to be preach gospel other unto any than you 4:1-4.) (IIfables. Timothy effort author the of the ship between that let you, preached which have unto we

to required the student and that by (Italics accursed. (Galatians be 1:6-8.) him old in time not the came prophecy For course. the master adOthers, are we added.) of holy will God but the men of man:by

fell vised, substithe wayside and by the as Holy were byspake they moved he that preacheth another For cometh to tuted their indicourses other more (II 1:21.) PeterGhost.

or if Jesus, preached, not have we whomif liking. vidual not prepared have They

spirit, receive another ye ye have which vital themselves issues so to these meet also false prophets among there were But or gospel, received, not another ye which false shall as there be people, in intercourse even and currentthe our today accepted, not well bear have ye might shall privily bring you,teachers who among our fellow the spreading in with men (II 11:4.) Cor. him. the with heresies, denying evenin damnable is light neighours our which among

boughtLord that them, and bring upon The pertinent facts have had to be bors at home and abroad. destruction. swiftthemselves

And many shall follow their pernicious searched out from the writings of alFor next year we have prepared a ways; by reason of whom the way of truth most countless men for nigh onto two course of study to consider the restorashall be evil spoken of. thousand years, all of them written (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1954 891 Henry D. Moyle Continued ofGod,theuntostaturea perfectof the man,fulnessuntoof theChrist:measure

That we henceforth be no more children, tion of the same divine Church upon in these latter days through the intossed to and fro, and carried about with sleight of doctrine, of every by the windthe earth with the restoration of the Prophet Joseph craftiness, they cunning whereby andsimple principles practices. just as realize and that the men, and of Weits strumentalitySmith deceive. 4:1114.) to lie in (Ephesians wait ourhope priesthood leaders will accept Savior the organized church by was

these lessons in the spirit in which they when he was upon the earth, so must May the Lord hasten the day when are written. In studying them, go back it continue throughout the restoration.. the peoples of the world will realize

constantly in considering the restoraWe hope the people of the world will the source of this light which is ention to the history of the departure learn to appreciate the words of Paul lightening the world. It should be the

therefrom on the part of the churches to the Ephesians: purpose of the priesthood of the Church

of the world. We want to continue to so to qualify themselves that they may

perfect ourselves in this respect through And he gave some, apostles; and some, individually and collectively be a light

a continued study of the important hisprophets; and some, evangelists; and some, set upon a hill.

tory outlined in the manuals of the last pastors and teachers; Ye are the light of the world. A city

three years. It should be our purpose For the perfecting of the saints, for the that is set on an hill cannot be hid.

in teaching and studying these lessons work of the ministry, for the edifying of Let your light so shine before men, that on the restoration, whether we be the body of Christ: they may see your good works, and glorify

teacher or student, to relate our studies Till we all come in the unity of the your Father which is in heaven. (Matthew

back to the apostasy by a comparison of faith, and of the knowledge of the Son of 5:14, 16.)

the details of the restoration of the gospel with the principles which were taught in the churches of the world in 1830. In this manner can we learn in Saturday Morning, October 2, 1954

the next two years as we consider these lessons on the restoration written by

Elder Roy A. Welker as much or more

of the facts contained in our previous three manuals on the divine Church, asdealing as the apostasy with they do A Visit To did during past the yearswe themselves. This is important, too, because

many who shall have occasion to attendthe priesthood quorum meetings this The Holy Land year and next year were not present during the past three years. The question naturally study can we arises—how B. Isaacson Thorpe by

the restoration as I to have tried emphaPRESIDING BISHOPRIC THE size, are OF of study without some what we restoring? Answering the question, if

it, itthe world once done has had what fulfil to tions Richards, President assignment in faroff an McKay, President it? factwith very that these three The Iran. brothers grateful Clark, experience. for that beloved President I am my of Barker'svolumes Elder on The I I at friends: sisters, stopped Paris humbly way and and and my OnDivine as as not Church were simple I as I will will say not help anything the Rome. that about Lord me pray

is desiredsome reason added we why grateful I shall countries those be today. European to to except say speak you

should read time, a second them I that that will disturbed that was rather give me and conand because I know those in the meantime been who have their attitude do. over cerned toward, I could anything than and more strength

advanced into the Melchizedek Priest- I wonder if you have ever asked yourtheir criticism of, this great government hood, or who have returned from the self how you would feel if you were and this great country. I was worried!

armed forces or from missions or both, occupying this position. If you will an- I wondered if it were possible for us to

might have the benefit of them for the swer that, then I am sure that is the purchase friends with money.

first time. seriously advocate very We for feel will me. you way I left I After flew into Rome, the first all ofa reading these by manuals attend I that can thankful we am city of I as Damascus, that and entered have not already them. masteredwho of Church. the conferences great

I city, ancient not could thinkhelp to dividends received aThe be from all spiritually and strengthened are theseWe of ing the Paul he had Apostle—how asstudy certain, suggested, such are I faith. not know in our built do up Saints, persecuted the he had been hownot in qualifying alone us to teach general our without do would what we stricken blind, of his repentance. andothers, all give to each to but that I above each pray conferences. and hope I of thought blessed Then he how wasof a us of audibroader television foundation knowledge in radio the and person healed a and great and became Aposspirit rest. faith of the our partake to able whichupon ence be may own may tle of the Lord, Christ. Jesus

all classlose in sight never with conference of our theWe

I flew into From city Damascus the fact that the of study the have andwork You may who us.problems—there of the capital Tehran, of Iran. My is in of intelligence. teleglory be radio the or someone Knowledge may God

heart little to out that went nation, onlyis is vision audience joyous. has a power. Truth who problem—150 miles living Russia, from in conget great from comfort can you hope in the of the Furthermore, study

fear stant of that great Soviet power. I these conferences. to the have comerestoration ourselves advise should we There a I met people love freedom who our that conclusion matter no what ofof doctrines the presentday churches and sacrifice not freewould that who find be, anproblems can an we mayof the instances world. In we many if it even loss the dom of their meant Christ. in of gospel the swer Jesus To findwill doctrines that these have lives. interest, own sympathy and My to or discouraged those be who may conto since 1830changed somewhat heart to and out that went people. my I worried, be those would who may of teachings nearly the toform more If believe anything in we the brothertry to that plead underwith you we restored Christ. of gospelthe Jesus I of hood men, then see not do how its we the, princigospel stand and adopt

We may expect as time goes on, in ples in our lives, and I believe we will can deny helping that people, not withfact, we may hope that the churches solve our problems and be able to put money—they do not seek money orof the world will continue not only to discouragement aside. grants or a dole—but they would like

see, but also to appreciate the light Some weeks ago it was my privilege some assistance in learning how they which was brought to the earth by the to receive an invitation from the United can better take care of themselves.

restoration of the gospel of Jesus Christ States Administration of Foreign OperaWhile I was in Iran, I heard great 892 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tributes paid to one of our own brethJesus could not carry it any longer. He the Garden of Gethsemane—that is the

ren, one of our own fine men in the fell to the ground because of his great place where Jesus loved to go and pray

Church. I have never heard finer suffering, his abuse, and his torture—the guide said of all places which

tributes paid to a man than I heard when he was stripped to the waist, brought comfort to the Savior, it was paid to Dr. Franklin S. Harris who whipped with a heavy whip until his the Garden of Gethsemane. Here he

went there, when he was president of flesh lay open. Here he fell, and he was sought strength and wanted God's help

the Utah State Agricultural College, to forced to arise and continue."As Jesus in facing such an ordeal. Yes, he enrender that country assistance. From was suffering such agony, his mother joyed having his disciples go with him.

the Prime Minister to the Minister ot Mary, seeing him, broke through the Some of them could not understand

Agriculture and the Minister of Educacrowd to embrace him, but she was and did not quite recognize his purtion and government officials, how they not permitted to do so. poses, but he did not go there to ask

praised the work and the inspiration As the daughters of Jerusalem were the Lord to save his life or to spare and the guidance of that great teacher weeping, Jesus told them, "... weep his life. He was not afraid to die.

and that great scientist. He brought not for me, but weep for yourselves, That was part of his mission, and he so

great credit to this nation, to this state, and for your children."(Luke 23:28.) regarded it. No, he prayed to his

and to this Church. He is a great and That remark was not a rebuke, but was Father to give him sustaining patience

fine man. a warning which was prompted by his and power of decision to meet that test

After I finished my assignment in great love for mankind. He knew of as he would be called upon to meet it.

Iran, I flew to the country of Lebanon. the later destruction of Jerusalem. A No wonder he was calm; no wonder

Then I arranged for a trip down into terrible disaster awaited a city steeped he was lovable and kind. Even in the

a country where I have always wanted in iniquity."face of that torture and suffering. God

crisis. this to prepared meet him of into go, to the country Jerudown as of had the Hill reached Then we

the us guide the took upon I left Then President here, Before salem. cruthe described the guide Calvary and

that say of Olives; would some Mount said get will to out me, "YouMcKay I cifixion, to think severely touched was

given the was the Mount on Sermon for look of about Jerusalem what you suffering that that heard have which we reagree; there, not others but would in."take As about you and what we expressed President here Clark and by

probgreat preachment, that gardless, of beautiful that flew over Sea blue for us, others that today might was we all of greatest I preachment the ably of thinking Galilee, help not could live disciples his told again. had He

thethere—themiraclesfeedingthat hadof thebeenfive performedthousand, thatbut theyhe woulddid notbe realizecrucifiedthein intensenessJerusalem, time,be ourtheguideSermontoday,oninthebusiness,Mount, inshouldeduall phases of religion, in cation, in our sick, blessing of the the healing the suffering willing the and he was

read life. to it will us good of do see Oh, that of blind they could the and have would ofanxious—and it will the and Mount, on the Sermon walk. that crippled could they the I to mission. his accomplish to—endure, But what

if pracwill better people us beautiof that make thinking we help not could to prior a lesson taught us he had its tise teachings. sing, Galilee! sweet ful song we "O into that the he went Garden when

Galilee! Where Jesus loved so much to of Gethsemane, and as we walked into Then, as the guide said, "From this

be."the Garden of Gethsemane, I bowed my spot Jesus ascended to heaven, and

I think I was never so impressed as head in thankfulness to the Savior. that is the last that we have any rec-

I was when viewing that country from Before his crucifixion, he, too, sought ord of the Savior of the world, the the sky, realizing that those rugged strength from his Father that he could Redeemer of mankind,"I felt more mountains were the wilderness we have meet that test, and how he met it! grateful than ever in my life that I

read and heard so much about. Jesus Others who had been tortured would could carry that story a little farther.

loved his life in Galilee, and the people scream and condemn and curse, but I said to the guide, "No, this was loved him. Yes, he went about doing he had taught the spirit of love all his not the end of Jesus the Christ, the

good in Galilee. life, and now he was faced with that Redeemer of the world, the Savior of

Then we followed the River Jordan test, and how he measured up to it in mankind,"and I know the guide was on its way to the Dead Sea. We landed the face of all that suffering we probsincere when he said, "No, we have no

in the Arab section of Jerusalem. Now ably cannot understand. Then from other record of anything on Jesus since

there are two sections of that city, the his lips burst forth those great words, he ascended from this place to be with

Jewish section and the Arab section. "Father, forgive them; for they know his Father."

There is great hatred there. I feel not what they do"(Ibid., 23:34), and I Then I told him as best I could in

sorry for the city of Jerusalem. You thought then and there if Jesus the the little time I had that he did recannot cross over from one side to the Christ, the Savior of the world, could appear again with God the Father to

other, so we landed on the side where say and feel that way after all the torthe boy Prophet, Joseph Smith, in an we desired to go. ture, agony, and suffering which he had other wooded area. He was interested,

Soon after our arrival we were asreceived, surely he taught us the great but I am sure he could not accept this signed a very high type Arab Christian lesson of love and forgiveness, and I on that first interview, but I only hope guide; he spoke English well. The first pledged that I would never hold hatred and pray that this intelligent guide

placelocation—-Ihe tookdo usnotwasknowthe approximatewhether 'he orlike bitternessthat in myor jealousyheart towardor anythinganyone thatwill readstory andon tostudythe sotimethatwhenhe canthe carrygoswas entirely accurate or not—but the again. What a lesson Jesus had taught pel was restored again. When I went

approximate place, said he, where the world! back to my room, I locked my door and

Christ was arrested and his mockery Before his crucifixion, as President knelt down and thanked God more trial was held. He was never conClark just stated, he told his disciples humbly, I think, than I have ever done

victed. Then the guide described the that he would come forth on the third before in my life for the teachings, the

judge, Pontius Pilate, the trial, the day, and that word soon spread among mission, the resurrection, of the Lord charges, the attitude of Pontius Pilate the people, and a strong guard was then Jesus and the restored gospel of Jesus and the mob. Jesus the Savior was placed over the tomb to see that his Christ.

never condemned. He was never guilty, body was not stolen by his friends. Some would say he was * a great

but Pontius Pilate did not have the No, his body was not stolen. An angel teacher. Some of the world like to

courage to release him, because in the from heaven came down and rolled the leave it at that. Oh, no, he was more

face of that trial, mobs were calling, stone away, and Jesus came forth from than just a great teacher. He was the

"Crucify Jesus."the tomb on the third day as he had Son of God. He was the Redeemer of

As he led us over those narrow cobsaid he would, and even then, those the world, and he did appear just as blestone streets, up toward the Hill of close to him could not believe. You surely to the Prophet Joseph in the

Calvary, I thought of the song that remember the story of Thomas. He had Sacred Grove as he appeared to his

Sister Jessie Evans Smith sings so beauto see and feel before he could underdisciples in Jerusalem.

tifully, "I Walked Today Where Jesus stand that the Savior had risen. Here May God bless us that we may apWalked."As we came near the Hill was the mission of Jesus, death and preciate these blessings that have come

of Calvary, the guide said, "About here resurrection. to us, I humbly pray in the name of

was where the cross was so heavy that Then as the guide took us back into Jesus Christ. Amen.

DECEMBER 1954 893 thing that has been done and said in this conference, the singing yesterday and the singing today, the sermons that have been delivered. I am glad I am

in harmony with them.

I have not time, it would not be wise to take more time to develop some of Expressing these principles. President Clark did

it so beautifully this morning, and I am in harmony with everything he said. God bless him and the other Authorities of the Church, they have been Appreciation very kind to me, and I want to testify

to you that I am here today because of by Thomas E. McKay their faith, because of the authority of

priesthood they bear, and which ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE the in authority used that with which they laying their hands upon my head while

I was lying in the hospital. I love

these brethren with all my heart, and

I sisters. love you, brethren and my

Presilike too, expression, the in the Counselors, DeclaraMcKay,President I I say. love as gospel, are the There of tion other dent Independence: AuGeneral Smith and

tourists in that midst our many come of thorities brethren the Church, my

I go. call at the wish they and would all are created equal; they that... men friends: sisters andand

of or Information, the Bureau perhaps their are certain Creator with by endowed I express I appreciate can than more rights, inalienable are that these for Office ask Building a Church among and of here privilegein being the words life, liberty, of pursuit the happiness. and little card are printed our which on all to tothis express morning, you my

Articles of Faith. are wonderful. They for for you, thankfulness,love and my all like purexpression, that "the We of tourists these not do know Many all for Authorities,these General my of suit happiness."for are not, Christians or whether we ones. sisters, lovedbrethren and and my gospel, to the help understand us God lit ask: they example you do "Where

II appreciate to that you want know it, It it. to live appreciate to and and in? Protestants?"Arc you "Are "No."I behalf, in thoughtfulnessyour my is a beautiful beautiful world. These Catholics?"you "Well, "No."what kindness this willtrust merit that flowers, to they enjoyment the add how are are you?"of the members "We I life. espegrateful,throughout am Imy I all realize! of us, of than more we of is Christ. Jesus Church Jesus our his forcially, in to Father heaven my I too, delighted, can than was more is It his head. to Church which we for blessings, your answeringmany sisters express, that the brethren and first belong."of Article Faith Our

I believer great for aprayers me. am the of in wives the Hawaii remembered question. that answer would be- "We told, are things,"in prayer. "More we sent Authorities, beautiful and them lieve in the eternal Father, in God, and this prayer world"are than wrought by orchids. heart. touched That his son, my Christ, Jesus in the Holy and

is I I true. of,"that anddreams know Ghost."wives Our the then articles other our And and mothers are too answered; prayers that been haveknow often are is short. forgotten It very they in this wonderful world, and, I here. not beotherwise would brethren sisters, concisely are they written, how and estiyet you and cannot

I very to was thankful hear aninstructive are. mate they all they what how to of us, mean and this Sister thatnounced morning I think that should express we our apare thought little to by a some be WeLohner, Margrit Lohner, conFeh would for them do. more than narrow. we is the Well, all. gospel for singing,duct the that Elder and Edwin love our men wives, of course, preciationWe believe that through the atone- "We offer invocation. the would CannonQ.

it but take too we for granted, much all of Christ, ment mankind be maySister or A4argrit Lohner, as Feh we I think, sometimes, forget to and we just "all Mormons, but saved"—not little in just her Europe, a wasknew tell that them love them. we go saved, mankind be to may obedience by We Igirl first in her the met Sunday when from our home office, at work the a the laws ordinances and of the goslifeSchool. of the the She was Sunday little tired, find a wonderful premeal pel."so on down. And in BrotherSchool Zurich, Switzerland. for us. pared do do? What we Get all love mankind. claim missionaries, of We one "We wasCannon my it the newspaper, get in left our hand, the privilege of worshiping Almighty was. a missionary he wonderfuland then and the swallow meal with down

. according to the of God dictates our at feelThis more makes home. me right, our not knowing sometimes what conscience,"article says, another own I sisters, gospel, love the brethren and are eating even. we wives have Our all "and allow the privilege, same men just President Clark has withand who lot a spent of time preparing the meal let worship them how, where, or what the address adelivered wonderful and for us, it and not to us hurt would they may."others yesterday spoken have and who express I appreciation. our think that

I bear testimony And the thirteenth article is my favortoday, with my them some of the wives have a not had bouite: is gospel true, that the gospelthat the quet of since flowers before were we

has been given to us for our happiness, married. We used to take them a bou- "We believe in being honest, true,

not altogether in the life to come, but in quet once in a while when we were chaste, benevolent, virtuous, and in dothis life. I think the Lord has meant "sparking"them, as we say, a box of ing good to all men; indeed, we may

that we should be happy here and not candy perhaps, and that is the last they say that we follow the admonition of wait unil the hereafter, and I know we have had. It would not hurt us occaPaul—We believe all things, we hope

can be. sionally; in fact, it would help us as all things, we have endured many

"Adam fell that men might be; and well as them, if they were remembered. things, and hope to be able to endure

men are, that they might have joy,"Many of us do not know when their all things."Then in conclusion, "If

(2 Nephi 2:25) joy in this life, and birthday is; we do not remember the there is anything virtuous, lovely, or

the greatest joy that any person can have anniversary of our marriage; these little of good report or praiseworthy, we seek

is through obedience to the gospel of things we forget. My favorite theme is after these things."

Jesus Christ. It has been given to us appreciation; I like to talk along this Brethren and sisters, it would be well

for that purpose, that we might have joy, line. My favorite song is "There is for all of us to learn these Articles of

and I testify to you that through obedibeauty ail around when there's Love Faith, as well as the tourists, and not ence to the gospel we will be happy, the at Home,"and I like to hear that. I am only learn them, but also live them,

happiest people in the world. I believe glad the home was mentioned so often and may God help us so to do, I pray

we are, today, because of the gospel. I yesterday. In fact, I appreciate everyin the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

894 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA As We Labor We Are Blessed

by Oscar A. Kirkbam

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

humbly pray that the Lord will bless their faith?... Can we do the thousands with his family. We rested a few minutes,

me. I take the privilege of letting of little and big things that made them the took some refreshments and started to see

father's house his of to Prophet. builders the heroic church, a great a great went We first of those appreciabe words I my in that the woods learned he was Last and (To commonwealth? of the Them I tion. truthbear to testimony the my to the repaired chopping. immediately Wagon, pp. 4345.) We fulness of I the of Christ. gospel Jesus Prophet, the and found where woods, we

pray daily to a personal God. I bear I bow in reverence, I humbly pray it two or three of his brothers, chopping and

testimony to the divine mission of Jesus shall ever be kept alive within my heart, hauling wood. Here my joy was full

of Christ, of privilege the of Presiat Smith, [said Joseph and Brigham Young] for that a appreciation abiding deep and of of God, the the Prophet I hand dent utter David McKay. never O. I shaking sacrifice of glorious and women. men the testimony, receiving sure the by and these this bear words testimony but and it last of bit spirit of a the caught all that of that spirit he prophecy, was fine, withsomething something worthy I Southwest toured the when month to as true believe a be could him any man in swells and me makes bosom me my It to great Mission. be Indian was I, Note.) prophet. 297, p. (DHC, proud, yet extremely and humble. the the on San on Juan, down down

I for grateful this song, am "Come, faroff It see to great Colorado. was Greatness chopping meets wood. No Saints"come, just ye that has been cliff see to miles away, yonder, the on ceremony! pomp, no Brigham Young

is It sung. classic truly a the among trees Piothat the great stalwart four receives true the testimony.

if Latterday Saint Presipeople. And It ago. years planted humbled neers had

dent Clark will permit, I would love to me greatly to stand at the graveside Be ye humble; and the Lord thy God shall

read part of his eloquent tribute to this of those who sacrificed in the opening lead thee by the hand, and give thee anglorious, west land of the pioneers. After up of that great western country. Someswer to thy prayers. (D. & C. 112:10.)

expressing himself in his book, To Them how I wished that I might have lived of the Last Wagon, he finishes with with them. May I note other great attributes of

these words: One day on this recent trip of the the Latterday Saint people: A great

heritage, leadership; noble a humble, a Mission, Indian Navajo Southwest cabins into Log grew houses adobe and

allparticipating little > an membership. My, of his a boy, group with these into buildings of brick stone. and A Indian

inspiring thrill. It was how to friends, Southern being we should taken was mighty to dedicated of Temple, the work

the Lord, rose in their midst, carved from California to live for the winter in the to me yesterday, when President McKay the granite of canyon walls, the first of comfortable homes of Latterday Saint said "Every member of this Relief eight that this people were to build to the people, to enjoy their hospitality and Society Singing Mothers Chorus has one salvation of their dead. Meetinghouses spiritual friendship. One little fellow other Church service job besides singing

everywhere the Stores, worshiper. welcomed it is this in lovely chorus."little nearly crysuitcase shattered a with was How

factories, banks, mills, mines, smelters, came all is participating. the members That his drying while Navajo mother was into being. Flocks herds the and peopled Latterday Saint way. eyes, stoically ing yet standing her by ranges. colleges Schools early and came

Salt hillside the here in Drive on say, his side to without a anand word multiplied. of and industry hive beThe

if it City, before, Lake have not done you son, small, so other not about he was the of great acame symbol commonwealth. Faith and strength and righteoussixteen years of age, courageously stood and see the Primary Hospital, built for

ness bore their fruit of comfort and safety by. Great things have been accomplished little children. It is a beautiful strucand the joy of living. by the boys of fourteen, fifteen, and sixture, and as you drive along think of its

All through the years the people have teen: these are great years in a young being built by pennies and the love of

blessed, theirbeen in dire need, even most life, allparticipat- people children and older an the "Benjamin,"and man's feel, blessed, all they other peoples beyond ing membership! his boy, the put head Navajo on hand

right their in toon get and earth,—blessed Finally, great said, these of his little few words: brother don't The and "Wesafely to fruits of their keep labors: the own

objective, all. said little us to President cry."Richards fellow was That The blessed right in their to peaceably assemble,

to discuss their grievances, to speak fully braced himself to what was to him a the other day, of this conference, is the their minds, to print without let or hindgreat task, leaving mother and the other building of the kingdom of God on rance what they thought and said: blessed children. They drove away to a new earth. Yes, missionaries by the thouto live under a reign of law and order: home. sands, the welfare program reaching out

toblessed to the worship God according arms temples being to help and bless, ye its come, "Come, Thank God for of dictates their consciences under the law erected throughout the world, as we Saints."people for the Thank Godof the land.

So we honor these men and women of who pioneered the great wasteland of labor we are blessed.

iron will, of surpassing spirituality, of a the Southwest and in many places re- "There are bridges, young men and trusting, living, simple faith. They have stored it. I have in my heart also great young women, to be built, and we will

done their work: they have earned their gratitude toward the leadership of these build them. There are houses to make

isreward, bestowing them. which upon God will light their and windows. we There in early days our Church.

fruits of of their the rob can themNone suffer, are those ease and who we will Brigham and Young Joseph When secure.labors. are They their sorrow. blessare divine There

first for are time, the here Smith met natural, the question: obvious And now ings ever hovering about us."

of preserve keep describing us? and the meeting: that words Can we What

what they wrought? Shall we pass on to I humbly pray that we may worthily

our children the heritage they left us, or We proceeded to Kirtland and stopped at continue these great blessings, in the shall we lightly fritter it away? Have we John P. Greene's, who had just arrived there.name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

DECEMBER 1954 895 he personally ministered among men and taught them; he counseled and

directed them in the ministry. They

went forth testifying of him that he was the Redeemer and Son of the living God. Later he was seen of Paul

I Bear thegloriously.Apostle, ThewhoSavioralso testifiedstated: ".of..himfor

the works which the Father hath given me to finish, the same works that I do, bear witness of me, that the

Father hath sent me."(John 5:36.) Witness

There is the other witness, spoken of by Jesus, the witness of the Holy by Delbert L. Stapley Ghost, that testified to the spirit of his

disciples, that this was the Son of God

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE who had called them, and whom they served. The two angels who stood by

as he was received into heaven said he should so come in like manner as they had seen him go into heaven.

Shortly thereafter followed the long can think of easier ways, my brothname under heaven, given among men period of spiritual darkness, and then ers and sisters, to commence Church whereby salvation can be obtained. came the time for the last and most im-

I activity, than standing before you I like these words from the Apostle portant of all God's dispensations to be today. John quoting the Savior to his disciples: ushered in; therefore, because of its

eternal Father the importance, and I God grateful to you. with be few am A

I If bear of witness myself, my witness personally his Christ appeared Jesus it Sondays ago rather doubtful was whether is true. not informed Smith, to the boy, and I Joseph I in could conference, appear but

is that another There witness beareth calling. Moroni, of his Later holy him tochanced President meet McKay. He of I that the and witness know me; which

living God, of the resurrected prophet ainformed to speak, scheduled I was me is of witnesseth true. he me

and I felt if it were President McKay's Ye sent unto John, and he bare witness from the Nephite nation, came to him desire that I speak to you, the Lord unto the truth. and showed him where the plates were

would bless and sustain me. When I But I have greater witness than that of deposited that contained a record of a

arrived this morning, he suggested that John: for the works which the Father hath branch of God's people. This record

finish, given to the that same works me gift later translatedI and by the I Joseph called in this might meeting, be on do, of witness bear the me, that Father of all I left God. of power things, at talkand my sent hath me.

I told that him,home. however, I was plates these were shown Three men himself, the Father sent hath And which

not sure that was the talk I should give. me, hath borne witness of me. (John 5:31by an angel of God and the voice of

I therefore, need the inspiration and 33; 3637.) the'Lord declared from heaven that

the blessings of the Lord with me. I the record was true and the translation

ask for an interest in your faith and Tohn the Baptist so early bore witcorrect, and they should so testify to all prayers. ness that Jesus was the Christ. He the world. And then later eight men

Brothers and sisters, I would be most had that most wonderful of opportunihad the privilege of seeing these plates.

ungrateful if I failed to express gratities of baptizing his Lord and witnessing All these men are witnesses to the divine tude and appreciation for the faith and the Holy Ghost descend upon him in calling of the Prophet Joseph Smith.

of sign a the dove, confirming Lord's the of Saints prayers the thethe throughout revelations to the gave Lord The later Messiahship. Apostle The John illfor recovery the fromChurch my ocsingly Prophet upon Joseph many "If said, receive of the witness men, we that pastness inactivated the has me also casions; to Oliver and Joseph is (I of the greater."witness John God I infour cognizant months. have been also to Martin Cowdery; and Joseph 5:9.) of for divine your appeals waysmany Harris. beings resurrected Heavenly of Lord Father and and our God The Ifavor in behalf, acknowledge and my manifested themselves unto and him Savior, Christ, Jesus spoke from the before the healing theto Lord you conferred the them and upon them Christ's of the occasion heavens on I Spirit. of his hereblessings holy am gifts, authorities, to the the and powers

is said, beloved "This baptism and my blessings. his of becausetoday officiate all in affairs of the kingGod's

I in Son, pleased."well (Matt. whom am

I It fitting express to that to appreciation seems dom. the want who my man I of occasion that 3:17.) other think

testified early Authorities, of so Savior, of thebrethren the General the John Peter, Christ took and James, when Baptist, love, affection, should confer brotherhood, and and comewhose upon the with and was on him John Mount

I thefaithful shall Oliver and Smith Joseph devotion always Cowdery, rememtransfigured Elias before them, and Priesthood, Aaronic the that later tender emotions with and fondber and of voice appeared, the Moses then and Peter, three for benefit their of the admen, and James,memories John, declared: "This again from heaven God prayers, faith the Savior with wereministrations, the their on who and Mount

is I in Son, beloved well am my whom part transfigured all he a before ofin taken was them, have when you which 17:5.) (Ibid., him."pleased; hear ye

testified his again of Son, supplicaand your confirmed God byand own tions to God, the eternal Father of us If we receive the witness of men, the should come and confer upon the all. From the depths of my heart I witness of God is greater. (1 John 5:9.) Prophet Joseph and Oliver Cowdery the

thank all of you, and express profound Melchizedek Priesthood, the priesthood gratitude and appreciation for your The ministry of Jesus of Nazareth is after the order of the Son of God that kindness and for your love. I sincerely itself a witness and testimony that he has to do with thespiritual endowments,

hope my appreciation can be adequately was the Son of the living God. As we authorities, and blessings of God's

evidenced by my faithful devotion to have heard this morning, Christ was Church.

the ministry of our Lord and Savior, crucified and arose from the grave in a My brothers and sisters, the Prophet,

Jesus Christ, whose servant I am. glorious resurrection. He first appeared unschooled, unlearned, could not have

I bear witness to you that Jesus is unto Cephas after his resurrection and given to the world what he was privithe Christ, the Only Begotten Son of then to his disciples, members of the leged to reveal unless God were with the living God, our Lord, Redeemer, Twelve. Later he appeared unto about him. God inspired him in all that he

Savior, and Advocate with the Father, five hundred brethren at once. For did. There were living witnesses who

the Light and Life of men, and the only forty days following his resurrection, testified to his divine calling for heav896 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA enly messengers nad manifested this vealing again God's kingdom with all of are prophets of God. I cannot quote

truth to several brethren. Surely if its saving ordinances, principles, and the exact words, but in the Thursday

we receive the witness of men, the witdivine powers. A testament is not of temple meeting of all the General Auness of God is more certain. The office force until after men are dead. The thorities, where we had gone in fasting

of the Holy Ghost is to testify of the Prophet gave his life to seal that testiand prayer in preparation for this great

Father and Son, it is also the spirit of mony, and thus the sacrifice of his conference, President McKay said, truth, and when it testifies to the spirit life becomes a witness to all men of "Brethren, I want to say to you that of men there comes an inward feeling the truth and power of his holy calling Christ is at the helm of this Church whether a thing is true or whether it is and ministry. and he is guiding it by his holy power."

not true. In the case of the Prophet, My brothers and sisters, before the I received a witness from the Spirit

Joseph Smith, it was true, for men in Prophet Joseph Smith departed this life that President McKay's statement was his day and since have received that he conferred upon the Twelve all the true. I bear that witness to you, my

witness and testimony which the Holy keys, powers, and authorities to carry brothers and sisters. I know that leaders

Ghost itself manifests unto those who forward this important work of the of other churches might make similar seek after truth. latterday; that work has not stopped statements, but would the Holy Ghost

—analyzeAnd againthem;the everythingworks of Josephabout Smiththem inand itstheprogress;fruits of itit arehas a gonewitnessforward;to all manifesters? If wethereceivetruth oftheit witnessto theiroflistenmen,

indicates his prophetic calling. Where people of its truth. the witness of God is greater, which

a testament is, there must of necessity I bear testimony to you that the witness all can receive from the Holy be the death of a testator, and surely Presidents of the Church, our spiritual Ghost, for which I humbly pray, in the this was a testament unfolding and releaders who have followed Joseph Smith, name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Saturday Afternoon, October 2, 1954

Blind Obedience or

Obedience of Faith

by Spencer W. Kimball

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

beloved brothers and sisters and Behold my Beloved Son in whom I am Lord, and the Lord hath rejected thee from friends, I approach this opportuwell pleased, in whom I have glorified my being king over Israel. (Ibid., 15:26.)

nity trembling, with huname—hear ye him. (3 Ne. 11:7.) fear and

In his arrogant and haughty state he fasting prayer. mility,My and and

It was my privilege in the month of Then came the voice of him who had took things in his own hands wholly

August to attend the great pageant at appeared to these Nephite people saydisregarding the commandments of the

Palmyra, and I sat entranced with some ing: "... I am Jesus Christ."(Ibid., Lord.

forty thousand others at the Hill 11:10.) His message then and before Samuel scolded:

since to his been: people and always has hill at dark that lookingCumorah, up

.. little thine in thou wast own When

I voices on. the night as the heard came sight,. wast the thou of not head made is sacrifice, better than. to obey of parts those of the took many who Israel, tribes of and the anointed the Lord and to the (I. hearken. than fat Sam. of rams. prophets, Amulek, Nephi, Jacob, Alma, Israel? king thee over 15:22.)Ammon, and finally the prophet, Samuel Wherefore then didst thou not obey the

the Lamanite, all prophesying as to the voice of the Lord, but didst fly upon the said to the the Samuel So Prophet spoil, didst evil of sight in the the and to of of Savior the the worldcoming kinglost his disobedient Saul King (Ibid., 19.) 15:17, Lord? who continent. this here onthem

of rebellion. because prophThe dom It as inspirational the program was

It for rationalized. et Saul easy discomfit him that Saul should was warned he

its to see the to progressed conclusion, kings, as disposition to of his the to rethe obey that enemies not should but he a picture as beautiful Personage came for kings? tain spoils bleatuse conquered of what war. were the the But

hill. blackness of the the Because above

fat not sheep of the and keep But of ing the the lowing the sheep and why it as he appeared him, thoughunder his cattle? royal not judgment his peothat oxen revealed Saul and Was robes midair, in long stood white with

of to superior lowly that ple simple* Samuel? the disobeyed had command Who inflowing from that breeze blew the

his that chastised: of should be words the Samuel was Lord. Samuel

I inspired, hill. of top the andthe was implicitly, and obeyed would who inspiration withthat has remained me

delight as great the anyway? in Lord burnt know Hath

since. portrayed beingever There was as sacrifices, offerings in obeying the and like Israel are in Saul many How to of of Savior story thethe the coming of voice the Lord? live of will the today. some One of peoplethis these thousands land when

.. is witchcraft, sin rebellion as of the revelation except that health Lord's on lookat temple, thegathered were and is idoliniquity as stubbornness. and and of his occasional have must cup he intentlying heaven. They toward up 15:2223.) (Ibid., atry.

heard the voice, neither loud nor harsh, coffee; she will not use tobacco nor

for liquor yearning she has which no it pierced one, penetrating andbut a Saul asked forgiveness, but the prophbut comforting the have must anyway third timetheir they very souls. The et replied:

tea. of cup the they heard understand,could and

voice say:... thou hast rejected the word of the (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1954 897 all of all speak faith and When men coverare as blind, not theySpencer W. Kimball Continued obedience

ing their own weaknesses? Are they

justify their alibi to seeking an will in position, serve far past the Sarah bearing perinot a Church He normal failure hearken? to own isfor activity here likes read: which In and od? Hebrews, he we

strictly tax the income obeys A man craves,honor contribute or which he fully date before there pays law Therefore of due and and sprang one, even andto his chapel will a donation be where as as stars as so the justifies dead, good him himself taxes his property many but is rationalization but as easyknown, of the as in sky multitude the sand and of the in the Sabbath disregarding lawto tithepaying diffiso he which is the sea shore innumerable. which by if at tithes time, of or the on paymentcult. afford or cannot He 11:12.) (Heb. it—sicknessfinds suffer all. case he the one In may

is laid a hasdeath not heavy hand—he reor of deprivation freedom only to called was upon Abraham now it is distributedsure as always he would

or personal lose his or sources home sacrifice this as yet beloved son who it done,have and anyway knows who opens other in property, the he but posterity. faith suwith But had noof his failure?

Another will attend some meetings preme, Abraham: asdoorstrulyto bringsthe losspenaltiesof a soul.as theThetemporal,spiritual

but Saullike rationalize as to the rest... offered up Isaac... accounting that the principal difference is the swiftness

of the day. Why should he not see God was able to raise him up, even from of punishment, the Lord being so long-

a ball game, a show, do his necessary the dead. (Ibid., 11:17, 19.) suffering.

or carry business as usual? work,yard on first blind call the hardly would One that would no make Knowing God his religiously attend Another would the regards yet obedience, he sometimes capricious demands, unnecessary nor

resist duties any butoutward Church as such. spiritual commands raised that the lad could from be even frictions his in as to familysuggestions stuIs it the obedience blind when if necessary, obeyed. death Abraham life prayers or the family ashis text whenhome tuition, reads his dent pays provided. ram was A is so to assemble? hardfamily classes, thus attends and signments, the penicriminal in the Perhaps

Saul was like that. He could do the tentiary obeys blindly, for here is comqualifies for his eventual degrees? Perdifferent set and alibis himself might haps he find things couldexpedient but his are pulsion. decisions of Most made he graduation, for but easier his standards to countered things as the which are for comparable him. Somewhat

of the catalog requirement every obeys desires.own recreadictator's work, subjects whose

its or undersetands not he whether obey! are diffiactivity tion, religion, other a To and To hearken! What

implication.cult requirement! Often and regimented. Here is total "Nocontrolled we hear:

Is it blind obedience when one reclothesbody blind obedience. to wear, can tell me what

sign "High the Voltage—Keep I shall or drink. eat Itwhat can one not blind faith was No when faith of or is obedience it the the Away"gardsoutline Sabbaths, appropriate patriarch built my fortyark an my Noah some

experts of in the know judgment whoearnings, nor limit perin any centuries or way ago two the prophet my when the hazard? I Isonal I freedoms! as give please! built do a Nephi boat twentyfive about

air it Is the blind obedience when blind obedience!"no centuries ago. Each was commanded that as belt seat his fastens traveler to the by construct Lord a seaworthy little Blind obedience! they How it is the in flashes confidence or sign vessel. total flood unprecedented Anunderstand! said Lord through The of those experience who wisdom and to envelop the earth in was the one Smith:Joseph dangers? of hazards and more know case greatest to the crossed and ocean be

little it the Is obedience blind when other. the cither of experience by No is requires right, Whatever God no mattable the from gleefully child jumps

it builder is, in give couldter these guidance although what see not we may faits smiling of strong the armsthe reason after until thereof long the flood previous or into new adventures—no loving trust is in a ther, implicit this or transpire.events (Scrapbook of crossing Mormon ocean in ever the had come

of his feels and catch sure parent who vol.Literature, p. 173.) 2, life of nothing on was either—there life better than child loves the who dito except construction base which

obey of a commands men When crerections Lord. from the Here was

it is no itself?Is it blind obedience when an afflictedator, blind obedience. not How blind obedience. goodthe Each knew

different is the cowering of a subject to ness of God and that he had purpose one takes viletasting medicine prehis totalitarian monarch and the digniin his strange commands. And so each scribed by his physician or yields his

fied, willing obedience one gives to his with eyes wide open, with absolute own precious body to the scapel of the

God. The dictator is ambitious, selfish, freedom of choice, built by faith. Noah's surgeon or is this the obedience of faith

and has ulterior motives. God's every family was saved from physical drownin one in whom confidence may safely

command is righteous, every directive ing and spiritual decadence, and be imposed?

purposeful, and all for the good of the Nephi's people were saved likewise. Is it blind obedience when the pilot

governed. The first may be blind obeNo swords nor bayonets, no famine guides his ship between the buoys which

dience, but the latter is certainly faith nor pestilence drove the Lehites from mark the reefs and thus keeps his vessel obedience. the lush shores of Bountiful, but seeing in deep water or is it confidence in the

The Patriarch Abraham, sorely tried, obedience led them across uncharted integrity of those who have set up proobeyed faithfully when commanded by oceans. The Lord had promised: tective devices?

Is it blind then obedience we, when to offerthe his Lord Isaac son the upon.. as shall. inasmuch ye keep commy limited vision, with our elementaryaltar. Blind obedience? No. shall prosper, ye shall He mandments, be and selfish desires, ulterior knowledge, mothat require nothing wouldknew God is to led a land choice which above...

tives, folurges, accept carnal and andof for his not ultimate which him was all lands. other (1 2:20.) Nephi

good. How that good could be aclow the guidance and obey the comcomplished he did not understand. He And with compliance born of faith mands of our loving Father who begot

knew that he had been promised that and confidence, the vessel was finished, us, created a world for us, loves us, through the seed of the miracle son loaded, and launched. and has planned a constructive proIsaac should all the multitude of naThere was no compulsion in Noah's gram for us, wholly without ulterior

is greatest joy and glory whose It motive, blessed,tions obedience. be blind and God having prommovements—no

to pass to "bring the immortality andised, it this be fulfilled. Undoubtedly would was not raining when man of God

questions arose in his mind as to how made the craft which was to save his eternal life"of all his children?

these things could be if Isaac were liquifamily. After its completion, a full Blind obedience it might be when no

dated, but he knew that the Lord was week of dry weather preceded the storm. agency exists, when there is regimentajust and would provide a way. Had Here was obedience born in testimony tion, but in all of the commands of the

not the Lord fulfilled the promise made of the power, sureness, justice of God. Lord given through his servants, there

wherein this very son was to be conAnd Noah's trust was justified, and a is total agency free of compulsion. Some

ceived when Abraham was old and race was perpetuated. remonstrate that agency is lacking where

898 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA penalties are imposed and condemnavoice, walked with him in the Garden Is there healing in mere clay to tions threatened—to be damned for reof Eden, and knew of his goodness, jusmake eyes see? Is there medicinal value

jecting the gospel seems harsh to some tice, and understanding. And so for in the spittle to cure infirmities? Are

and to take away free agency. This is "many days"they killed the blemishthere curative properties in the waters

not true, for the decision is ours—we less lambs and offered them without of Siloam to open eyes of congenital

may accept or reject, comply or ignore. knowing why, but in total confidence blind? The answer is obvious. The

In all of our life activities it is the that there was righteous purpose in the miracle was conceived in the womb of same—we may attend college or stay law and that the reason would unfold faith and born and matured in the act

away from the campus; we may apply later after compliance. of obedience.

ourselves to our studies or waste our Obedience was paramount in the Had the command involved oil intime; we may fulfil all requirements or healing of the lepers. They cried: stead of spittle, herbs instead of clay,

ignore them. The decision is ours; the and waters of a pure bubbling spring

agency is free. Jesus, Master, have mercy on us. instead of filthy Siloam, the result

said them, unto he he them, saw And when secretly or take the medicine may the same. We some been have But would

priests. the yourselves unto shew Go it drain; yield thepour down we may oil said herbs that and have and would

it as that, to pass, went, they came or And knife surgeon's to bodies theour eyes, the but pure water healed had 17:1314.) cleansed. (Luke they were

service; his pathsrefuse follow may we that the untrained even must know

or get lost in the jungle; but we cannot It is certain that the priests made no these could not cure one. Consequently,

avoid the penalties of disobedience to contribution to the healing. The ten only one conclusion could be drawn:

law. had probably lived all their lives in The unparalleled miracle was positively

We may speed one hundred miles an the jurisdiction of the priests who are the result of faith obedience. But had

hour, park our car against fireplugs, not known ever to have healed lepers. the sightless one disobeyed any of the

drive on the wrong side of the road, The miracle happened when, but not phases of the command, he would inresist arrest, rob a bank, but we will until, they obeyed in every detail. No dubitably have sufferedtill death with

pay penalties sooner or later, even the blind obedience here. These lepers continued blindness.

utmost farthing. No soul is clever knew Christ would not fail them. They Though there is no compulsion, the

enough to evade penalties indefinitely or had faith not only in his power but spiritual laws of today must also be to counter this extensive and basic law also in his goodness and integrity. obeyed if blessings are to be realized,

freeof retribution. agency Without blind born So also move for as the Lord has said: did the man

weaklings, limp would be lifeless,men of sight, yet wholeness toward he obeyed and worthless to themselves and to the the voice of authority. Questioned by I, the Lord, am bound when ye do what

world. the skeptical Pharisees as to his un- I say; but when ye do not what I say, ye

Our heavenly Father, knowing all paralleled sight recovery, he stoutly have no promise. (D. & C. 82:10.)

things, this gave us fundamental law of maintained, And:free agency. could obediforce our He

ence, compel goodness, our regiment our clay put upon mine eyes, and I He is kindled Mine against the rebelarmacts, see. that but spineof washed, do and us would make lious. ibid., (See 56:1.)

is prophet. aless creatures... He will without or purpose,

that, thing whereas. one I know,or destiny. I And: I see. 9:15, blind, 17, 25.) (John now Our Lord wept bitterly when he saw was..

rebellious the shall And pierced be withhis creatures breaking his commandlittle it was. simple formula A lit- A for sorrow; their iniquities much shall be in predeluge the days,ments but little clay, he tle anointspittle, a a simple the spoken housetops, upon their secret andrefrained from have must force. They of act ing, a simple an and command, acts shall revealed. be (Ibid., 1:3.)their agency: refaith obedience; darkness and was

I light. believe,""Lord, placed with And: said Lord The unto Enoch: Behold gratitude. as in said worshiped he hethese thy brethren; they are the workman-

I, Behold, say? It obedience, Blind you would the Lord, utter my voice, and of Iship hands, mine gave and unto own

it shajl be obeyed. obedience. a seeing a blind but man, was their in knowledge, I created thethem day

them; and in the Garden of Eden, gave I The Savior had: Wherefore, verily I say, let the wicked

unto man his agency. (Moses 7:32.) take heed, and let the rebellious fear and

... spat on the ground, and made clay tremble; and let the unbelieving hold their

lips, for the of day shall wrath spittle, of come the upon he and anointed the eyes the to ignore permitted were They as a of them all whirlwind, flesh and shall clay. the blind the with man till their of prophetswarnings the cup I that (Ibid., know 63:5-6.) God. am said him, unto in the Go, And wash full, over, of iniquity ran and was

... of pool Siloam. his went He way its inflooded the drowned world and people And needs must be chastened my therefore, seeing. washed, and and came until if they learn ithabitants. obedience, needs must 9:6-7.) (Ibid.,

be, the things by suffer. which they (Ibid., for faithfulness Rewards penalties and

105:6.) for process! is gentle disobedience simple certain. the are How How God

longsuffering, patient, and kind, wherethe command! How faithful the obediAnd when we obtain any blessing from

as men and natural laws are often swift ence! How glorious the reward! God, it is by obedience to that law upon

and cruel. Strange—we provide pure, sterile tiswhich it is predicated. (Ibid., 130:21.)

Our righteous and wise parents, sue for spittle and forbid expectorating

Adam and Eve, were exemplary in the even on sidewalks. And so we render intelligent, conmatter of obedience born of childlike We bathe with soap, scrub with disstructive obedience when we voluntarfaith: infectants, and scald dishes, pots, and ily, humbly, and happily obey the compans with boiling water to kill the mands of our Lord:

was And Adam of the Lord.commandments... obedient unto the germs from the filth of clay. 1. Be ye clean who bear the vessels of

And after many days an angel of the We use for culinary purposes and the Lord.

Lord appeared unto Adam, saying: Why especially in hospitals and sickrooms 2. Thou shalt go to the house of prayer

dost thou offer sacrifices unto the Lord? only water purified by chemical procupon my holy day.

And Adam said unto him: I know not, esses. 3. Bring all the tithes into the storethesave me. Lord commanded all house. disregarded the here Master But

4. the to saying: spake, angel the holy. Sabbath Honor keep it This then And prescribed of rules sanitation and our 5. is it sacrifice are the of of of Ye the similitude a thething temple not DayGod—defile spittle, clay, impure germridden and is liquor, tea, full coffee. tobacco, of with the Father, and Begotten whichOnly

of grace and truth. (Ibid,, 5:5-7.) water from the contaminated pool of 6. Repent or suffer.

Siloam which bathed the sweaty bodies 7. Bow down upon thy knees before the

Blind obedience? Assuredly not. of laborers and the sore bodies of the Lord.

They had known Jehovah, heard his sick and diseased. (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1954 899 all ol us, members God bless May all in the others,Spencer W. Kimball Continued of his and Church,

great world which he has created and 8. that ye 10. judged. not not be into enter Judge must the new man A to and peopled obey his commandlive and

9. of exalted. the to Except everlasting born be water be covenant a man

in the pray ments, I of Jesus name spirit of 11. into the enter those cannot the he unto not untoand come who Woe

kingdom of God. this priesthood. Christ. Amen.

ii That Your Joy May Be Full"

by LeGrand Richards OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

feel grateful, my brothers and sisAnd it is because we have then called dent McKay invited all of us as memters, for the privilege of attending this out of darkness into his marvelous light bers of the Church to be missionaries

I conference with you. I have been that we can be so happy and enjoy the for the Church. We just could not

built up and strengthened; and as I blessings that are ours. have the Church of Jesus Christ without

have counted my blessings before the I thank the Lord for the great misthe spirit of missionary work.

Lord, for which I thank him, I realize sionary system of this Church, that is After the Savior was resurrected and that most of them are because of my sharing with the honest in heart the appeared to his Apostles, he sent them membership in the Church of Jesus world over the blessings that are ours, into all the world to preach the gospel,

Christ of Latterday Saints. I do not when they are willing to heed the voice to every creature, baptizing them in

know what the Lord could add more of the servants of God who are sent the name of the Father, and of the Son than he has. I believe I am one of the unto them. At the present time the and of the Holy Ghost. He said,

its greatin is probably engaged world. in all I thank Church happiest the men

to all observe Teaching things them its hiseffort entire in est great in missionary his for membershiphim

I whatsoever have you: and, commanded is great the tory. of I because for That the HolyChurch. thank him lo, with alway, you even unto the I am end con- a have. few leadership I bear. Only that Priesthood we I thank him of the (Matt. world. 28:20.)

for the hope of obtaining eternal life ferences ago President Richards invited with my loved ones, my wife and chilall men everywhere, in and out of the The missionary work was not to end dren, my father and mother, and brothChurch, to unite in building the kingback in those early days, because when ers and sisters, and with these my dom of God in the earth. What more his disciples asked for the sign of his

brethren of the General Authorities, could He ask from righteous men and second coming, he told them of the and you the Saints of Zion, through women the world over? wars and the rumors of wars and pestiobedience to the laws and the ordinances When the Christ was asked to teach lence, and earthquakes and the fall of

of the gospel. Of that I have a positive his disciples to pray, after duly saluting nations, then he added, "... this gospel

assurance in my heart. I know we have the Father, the first thing he taught of the kingdom shall be preached in all

the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. them to pray for was, "Thy kingdom the world for a witness unto all nations;

I thank the Lord for these, my brethcome. Thy will be done in earth, as and then shall the end come."(Ibid.,

ren, for President McKay and his Counit is in heaven."(Matt. 6:10.) And that 24:14.) So the preaching of the gospel

selors. I know they are prophets of is what we pray for daily, and that is unto all nations is an evidence that the

God, and I know the Lord is inspiring what we work for, and we have the end is near at hand. Because Jesus knew

them in their work. They are great positive assurance through our faith that his Church would continue this

leaders, and I thank the Lord for them and through the testimony of the Holy great missionary work, he told his diand for the Twelve, and for all the Ghost that we are not praying nor sciples, "... and, lo, I am with you

General Authorities, and while I feel working in vain, for the kingdom of alway, even unto the end of the world."

the least among them, I feel grateful God has been set up in the earth, and (Ibid., 28:20.)

for their companionship. I honor them, we are privileged to lend our strength The Saints of Zion have responded to

and I revere them, and I thank God to help establish it among men and the call of these, the Presidency of the for the many gifts they possess for the carry it to the nations of the earth. Church, as they have never done bebuilding of his kingdom, and I testify In giving the dream of Nebuchadfore. We find from our records that

to you that they are men who have connezzar and its interpretation, the during the first eight months of this secrated their lives to this great work Prophet Daniel said: "But there is a year we have baptized 10,929 converts,

in which we are engaged. God in heaven that revealeth secrets, those who have come to know the truth.

And I thank him for you, the Saints and maketh known to the king That does not include the baptisms of of Zion. There are many noble leaders Nebuchadnezzar what shall be in the the children of members. That is a

in the stakes and wards, the auxiliaries latter days."(Daniel 2:28.) And then tremendous growth and increase in the

and the boards of this Church, and I he saw the establishment of this work work of the Lord.

love you. You are wonderful. I can that we are engaged in and that it And then when you go among the

best express my regard for you in the should become ultimately as a great Saints and interview the prospective words of Peter of old to the Saints of mountain and fill the whole earth. I missionaries and go into the mission

his day. He said: know that is true. There is a God in fields and interview the missionaries

secret, that that is spirit known made heaven find that the and endowGod royal generation, a are chosen a ye But the the power and it by this ing know with, just and we that them you know nation, a peculiar holy priesthood, an Ghost. of the is Holy It peotestimony cannot the the be of man. work praises forth the should ple; shew that ye

of him who hath called out of darkness into Then I think it was in our last conwork of God; no man could do what

his marvellous light. (I Peter 2:9.) ference, or the one before, that Presithe Lord has done.

900 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA To me, the missionary system of this wife. He is now a high priest in the prejudice. One of my friends turned

Church is one of the greatest instituChurch, and he said, "But, Bishop, many a missionary away, and then I tions the world has ever known. In why couldn't I have heard the gospel happened to make a friend of him and

no other way has there been such evithirty years ago, so that I could have got into his home, and when he could dence of sacrifice and devotion and love had the joy of service in the Church not handle the situation and his minisand loyalty to God and to his work all through these years?"ter would not, he went to the plant

as in this great missionary work of his Such a testimony makes one realize where he was the foreman and said to

Church. We find it difficult at times what the gospel means to a new convert. the employees, "If any of you know

to turn members down who want to go I had a man sit in my office not any ministers who are not afraid of on missions. One of my good friends long ago, and some of the brethren the Mormon elders, I would surely like

was getting up in years and I tried to know him. He served for over thirty to get in touch with them. I don't

persuade him he was too old to go on years as a minister of the gospel in a care what church they belong to,"and a mission, and he said, "Well, Brother sectarian church, and then through conso for the next few months we had a

Richards, what could I do that would tact with our missionaries he joined the different minister every week. It was

be more wonderful than to die in the Church, and he said, "When I think of one of the most interesting experiences service of the Lord?"Another good "how little I had as a minister of the of my entire life. But every time they

brother came to me who had been on gospel to offer to my people as comwould leave, he would say, "Well, you a mission with his wife and said, "If pared to what I now have in the fulhave made me nearer a Mormon than

I sell my home and automobile, we ness of the gospel as it has been re- I was before,"and one day he put his can go on another mission"—willing to stored, I want to go back and tell all feet up on the table, smoking his big

give the last that they had in order to of my friends what I have found. But cigar and said, "Brother Richards, I

accomplish this missionary work, and now,"he said, "they won't listen to would give all I own if I could prove that is the spirit we find wherever we me; I am an apostate from their church."that you are wrong."I said, "I know

goBut such was the joy he had found in you would. You have never wanted to

A young man reporting his mission his membership in the Church. prove that we are right. But,"I said,

in Oregon a short time ago, who was I was visiting in a stake of Zion not "I want to thank you for bearing your himself a convert to the Church, came long ago, and the president told me testimony that we have brought you the down with'his fist on the pulpit and this story. And he is here today. He truth. If you have tried with all the

said, "I would not take a check for a said a Jewish boy came into the stake help you have had through these weeks million dollars for the experience of during the war, serving in the armed to prove we are wrong, and you have my mission."forces, and he fell in love with a been unsuccessful, there is only one

And the brethren made a call for Mormon girl, and he married her; other answer, and that is you have

the Saints who could afford it to send she converted him, and he joined the proved that we are right. Now,"I said,

in some of their surplus funds to help Church. Then he went back to see his "there are just two things: You are either

carry on the missionary work with some people in the east, and they disinherited going to decide that you will accept the of these young people in foreign mishim, and he said to his father and Lord's work and help build his kingsions where they are not prospered and mother, "You can't disinherit me. What dom or you are going to kick against

blessed as we are here in America, and I have found out there among the the pricks and I remind you what the the response has been wonderful, and Mormons is worth more than all the Savior said to Saul on the way to every time a remittance comes you feel money this family ever owned."And Damascus: '... it is hard for thee to kick

to thank the Lord for the faith of him then he said to the president, "How against the pricks.'"(Acts 9:5.) Well,

who sent it. long will I have to wait to get into he told me when we first commenced

While I was still the Presiding Bishthe temple with this lovely wife of visiting him that he had all the religion op, following a general conference, I mine, so I will be sure she is mine he wanted, he knew he had faith in received a letter from a lady schoolforever?"God, and he believed in God, and the

teacher in Nevada. She said, "It was Such is the joy the gospel brings to the only way I could get him to understand

said in conference that fiftyfive dollars the new convert. that there might be truths he did not

a month was the average cost of a mis- I had a man come to my office when have, was to tell him that if he had sionary. I am enclosing my check for I was in the mission field. He said, never seen a light greater than a candle,

that amount, and I will send a like "When I think of who I was and what he would not believe that he was in amount for each month for the next I was when the gospel found me and the darkness, but when he saw real two years to keep a missionary in the what I am today,"he said, "I just can't light, then he would know that the field, because it is not possible for me believe that I am the same person. I candle was not sufficient. Well, he

to go myself."do not think the same thoughts; I don't joined the Church right after that and

As long as the Lord will put such have the same habits; I don't have the came and visited me—I had been transfeelings in the hearts of the members same ideals in life."He said, "I have ferred—he was old enough to be my

of his Church, no one can stop his literally been born again."daddy, and he took me in his arms

work from growing. And that is what Paul meant when and said, "Brother Richards, I didn't

A few years ago I had a conversation he said, think a man could be as happy as I with a man who came to the office am."I said, "I thought you had plenty

while I was Presiding Bishop to interest Therefore we are buried with him by before.""Oh, but I didn't know,"he

the Church in a business proposition. baptism into death: that like as Christ said.

raised from the was up the glory dead by drifted into discussion a religion. of toWe say I want to you Latter-.day Now of Father, the so also even should we walk I said, love the you Lord?""Do He Saints, President and called has McKay life. of in newness 6:4.) (Rom.

"I said, I said, do."love you him "Do all to missionaries of you for be the

enough that you would be willing to And I knew that man walked in a Church. I hope you will not be afraid.

join the Mormon Church, if you knew newness of life. I hope you know that this is the work

the Lord wanted you to?"And he I received a letter while I was Preof God and not the work of man. I

thought for a few minutes, and said, siding Bishop from a young man conhope you know that if your neighbors "I do."Then I said, "As one of his verted while in the armed forces, then and your relatives and friends will hunservants, I want to promise you that if living in Kansas. He sent a check for ger and thirst after righteousness, that

you will investigate our message and his tithing, and then he added, "Bishop, you can promise them that if they will get down on your knees before the Lord, do you think we are doing all we ought investigate and get down on their knees, you can know that this is the work of to do to try and tell the world of the I care not what church they belong to,

God, just as much as you know anymarvelous work and a wonder the Lord they will find in the message you have thing in this world."has established in the earth in our for them the gospel of the Lord Jesus

A few weeks ago he was in Salt Lake day?"Christ, and I tell you you ought not to

City and called to see if my wife and They do not all come too easy. We be afraid to promise them that, because

I would take lunch with him and his have to break through the walls of (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1954 901 a

given us again Apostles and Prophets leGrand Richards contmu ed and that the Church of Christ is in our midst, built upon the foundation of

I know that if they are sincere, your tist Church of America and gave this Apostles and Prophets with Christ our promises will be fulfilled. as the reason: Lord as the chief cornerstone?

I that I witness bear solemn you I close, Before to read to you I want is regularly constituted Church no There is the power this true and that excerpts lettersa few from a lady from authorknow person earth, Christ, nor any of on blessing for is the this in of work to wrote of God the InformaBureauwho ordinance, to administer ized any Church tion. The first letter was in November nor can there be until new Apostles are of every honest soul in the world who

of 1953: sent by the great Head of the Church, for is willing to come and to pay the price

"Will you please inform me about whose coming I am seeking. (Picturesque by keeping his commandments.

your Church, its origin, its history, and American, page 503.) God help us to do our part, and God

enterprises,presentday aims, and are I pray in the all bless doing it, it that has come, who Isn't marvelous He appreciate this inforideals? I would Christ. of Amen. Jesus has of the name great Church the that Head

mation firsthanded and believe you will be better to supply it than vague and often misleading hearsay can. If

your Church is the one I have been seeking for fiftythree years and never found, so far, in any Christian Church or 'off color'religious societies—from

theosophy to free thought, I might be able to contribute, as well as receive "SEER YE benefits. I am not a chronic, curiosity

seeking person nor an habitual joiner."

The brethren sent her some literatureto read, and then she wrote back under KNOWLEDGE"date of December 18, 1953. I am just

quoting parts of her letter:

"I do not want to appear 'gushy,'by President Levi Edgar Young

I will but religion. say this for your I OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

it it find interesting; quickens within

me a feeling—what shall I call it—

gladness? Like a beautiful song I might

have known long, long ago, and had lost and forgotten, in a way both subPresident McKay; brethren and sisfigure of the mother expresses dignity,

lime and sorrowful."What did Jesus ters: We have had a number of energy, tenderness, and endurance. The

say? "These things have I spoken unto visitors today, many of whom were face is a familiar type of character and

you,... that your joy might be full,"Methodists who came from Australia. gentleness, which give it a certain aloof-

(John 15:11) and the gospel quickens They seemed to be pleased with their ness. The influence of the monument

something within the soul of man such visit to this building and what they is one of deep thought and faith in as he has never known before. She said, heard. There is now in the congregalife and God. Benjamin Ide Wheeler

"I had investigated, studied, and distion the superintendent of schools of wrote these words concerning the piocarded Protestant creeds by the time I Copenhagen, Denmark. With him are neer mother:

was fifteen. I unconsciously turned to others from that country. We rememvisit- and hunger beset with city paths rude in of and your Over being well ber findlove of nature, pantheism, therein

of vision the risk, pressed toward she on represent. that university you the ing I life eleall for in perceived ing God, of assemblage better country. men an a To tell there, me, you from graduated You I studied things. evenments and of the rewards perishable the busy with gates the recall that above and we I off Catholicism, but backed when of leaven threefold she the day, eagle is great there a of your campus infants, told that unbaptized gentleness,was and enduring broughtsociety—faith, like our something in bronze, done children. of hell, to the nurture did went not they with gothough home,

to their special limbo, but never saw eagle on the Eagle Gate, just east of eagle bronze your here. Underneath I asked, Agnostically, face the of God.

I recall. expression which is a Latin It Though I speak to the seventies dur- 'Is cruel that merciless and a God

worth having his face looked upon?'I runs coelestem adspicit lucem. The ing the few minutes I have to give a

celestial the is looking toward eagle I realize truth that message, whatever courageous to find glad a Churcham motive, real the this recalls light and is is uttered to a lesson all the brethto teach the absensible enough and are meeting Saints Latterday the why the of ren holding priesthood God. baptism."of infant surdity And then

I today. building may in this seventies calling a specific have say to The a after haying been baptized last July

member of the Church, she wrote: "I you that we are looking toward the which none of us can forget. comes expression light celestial and this composure, and a serenity have Taking the from numbernow their name

beautiful the I recall to me as joy strength, an inward and eagle of disciples, seventies our Lord's the and inner which I never before possessed. Do all and the Latin expression that you know form the central council for the missouls receiving enlightenment exclaim so well. sionary activity of the Church. From

within their silent hearts, feeling comWhen the general conference comes the beginning of their organization in passion for a blind groping and grieving around, we note that the Relief Society 1835, the seventies have felt the need for

... its I has the with of meetings the come, in Church world! library, reference a complete 'Oh, world: and suffering'"

... all parts sisters of the from Seasons, Times who come the 1, 1845, January andIIcome!

of are there most where members, following willitem world published: of us was should be ready Each and

ing to answer such a call. We ought whom are mothers in this great organto be ready to go and give all we can to ization. The mothers have played a Among the improvements going forward

bring these people to a knowledge of great part in our history, for they have in this city [of NauvooJ, none merit higher the truth that they might share with given birth and reared men who have praise, than the Seventies'Library. The

concern been has footing a on commenced of priesthood the God. is honored by been ours. that joy us the

scale, broad the and enough to embrace sacredthe preserved they have like statement read a that How you When sciences so everywhere, arts and that the life! recall of family ness You without sought this of woman how with Seventies'while traveling over of the face

finding the truth, it makes you underproud appreciation the pioneer mother the globe, as the Lord's "Regular Soldiers,"stand the words of Roger Williams who on the Seagull Monument here, a can gather all the curious things, both gave up his pastorate in the oldest Bapmasterpiece by Mahonri Young. The natural and artificial, with all the knowl902 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

edge, inventions, and wonderful specimens find out, but when realized, gives one so thoughts. "The beauty of a great

of genius that have been gracing the world much more true and lively a sense of the book,"says Emerson, "is the beauty of itsfor almost years of six thousand the Godhead, work and in one's Think for a moment mind."own

the foundation of Spirit for the best thinking only library... [forming]in the fulnessus, the than when Bible. of the Holyworld. effect us. (Times in its Seasons, v:762.) and upon

After the destruction of Nauvoo, the President Brigham Young issued the headTheofBookthe ofliteratureGenesis ofstandsthe indeedworld. atIttheis

dreams of the people were never lost, following in 1850: more recent than some of the writings of

and on April 7, 1851, we read in the Chaldea or Egypt which have come down fifth general epistle of the Church, deIt is very desirable that all the Saints to us, and is incomparably the noblest comscribing Salt Lake City, the following: should improve every opportunity of seposition of early ages, in its moral and

curing at least a copy of every valuable spiritual characteristics. (Geikie, Hours with

treatise book, on Bible.) map, the education—every 27th, November of Seventhe quorum On

interchart, or diagram that may containties However highly we may estimate the in conference assembled, to agreed erect an extensive rotunda in Great Salt esting, useful, and attractive matter, to scientific, philosophic, and religious genius

Lake City, to be called the "Seventies'gain the attention of children and cause of the narrators of Genesis, I-III, more imto love to learn to read; them and also instrucreligious us, for the to portant andHall of Science,"their and Joseph Young,

historical, philosophimathematical, fact were they is the that of youth, tionpresident, was trustee appointed and sueverycal, geographical, geological, astronomical, themselves surrendered had men, who ofperintendent the work.

scientific, practical, and all other variety of wholly to God, and who had derived their etc., useful interesting writings, and maps, Kittel of (Rudolph from Him. knowledge of architect O. Angell, the Truman to to present the general recorder church Scientific Study Leipsig University, of the

the Salt Lake Temple, was commisshall at their arrive destination, they when Testament.) Old

sioned to draw the plans for the buildfrom which important and interesting mating. The large drawing that was made ter may be gleaned to compile the most "The first leaf of the Mosaic record,"

valuable science subworks every on and Elder Angellby years was found many than weight Paul, says "has more Jean ject, of rising for benefit the generathe later and prowas photographed and science of of and folios all the men tion. press, printing a have and any We in * * * article duced an the published by is right,"he philosophers.""And take printing writing or one can good who State HistoricalUtah in Review it, July to the "for Geikie, says owe we to will blessing valley paper the be them1946. selves and the church. We also want all earliest and grandest revelation of that Had the project been carried through, kinds of mathematical instruments, together first principle of all religion—the existthe structure would have possessed unwith all rare specimens of natural curiosities ence, the unity, the personality, and the

usual architectural interest. It had and works of art that can be gathered. moral government of God."

ofmajesty that and surpassed student beauty Every history any Church read can one Seldom a sentence its of building kind the high the school about American estabthat knows on a thoughtful ideal than more frontier It expresses originality in dignity. in lished the Kirtland and Temple. The

the gave Prophet one the Smith Joseph to designed repository the be studentswas taught English not were by reading wrote: us he when of seventies'only library, the literature best the but also the ancient and

for the library brought to Utah in 1851. And as all have not faith, seek ye diliclassics. The principal of the school

Owing to the poverty of the people gently and teach one another words of was Professor H. M. Hawes. There were

who were just beginning to establish wisdom; yea, seek ye out of the best books also established Hebrew, Greek, and

their homes, President Brigham Young words of wisdom; seek learning even by Latin classes; the professor of Hebrew

prevailed upon his brother Joseph, presistudy and also by faith. (D. & C. 88:118.) was Joshua Seixas. I have found out

dent of the seventies, not to build it that the attendance at these classes on for some years to come. For this reaIt is a beautiful concept, for good the part of the elders was very large,

son, the edifice was never started. The books on history and fine literary writand we have from the records the

seventies continued collecting books, ings give us the great discoverers and statement of how the Prophet Joseph however, and they soon had a fine liinterpreters of life. They take us into Smith attended night in and night out

brary of the modern and ancient classics an intellectual world and lend themthe Hebrew and Greek classes. He unof literature. Among these books were: selves to our uses and give themselves doubtedly felt and responded to the

joyfully to our companionship. Nothing beauty of these languages, for only

The Holy Bible, the Works of ]ohn Locke, is more gratifying and inspiring in our those who have studied Greek and Latin

The Germania of Tacitus, Goethe's Faust, intellectual lives than the lessons given and Hebrew know of the beauty and

History of the Holy Land, Paley's Natural by good books, and by good books we richness of the literature that has come

Pilgrim'sTheology, Progress, Bunyon's Comliterature. of best to present world's the the the those day from mean down

Perry's Expedition,modore Testament Japan faroff earlyday times. history of the the study Prophet we Joseph Smith Theof the Patriarchs, Twelve of Wonders NaAs

of missionaries us of the the Church, majesty shows the statement, we findture Priest, Josiah by Ainsworth's Latin

Dictionary, Hackenberg's Greek Grammar, them men of books. "Seek ye knowledge out of the best

Southey's Lord Nelson, Marco Polo's TravIn the prayer of the Prophet Joseph books,"(see D. & C. 88:118) and Joseph

els, Charles Darwin's Voyage of a NaturalSmith offered at the dedication of the Young, president of all the seventies in ist. temple at Kirtland, Ohio, March 27, his day, insisted that the seventies in

1836, are these words: their respective quorums become students

These few titles mentioned indicate of literature and philosophy and religthe types of history and literature that And do thou grant, Holy Father, that all ion. Thousands of them adopted the

the seventies were bringing together. those who shall worship in this house may motto that, "Knowledge is power."The

The lesson of what such books contain be taught words of wisdom out of the best beauty of this idea lies in the fact that that books, they seek learning and may rewill truths should ever be that we the concept of what knowledge means also study, even by and by faith, literature of the agesmember. as thou to The the Latterday Saints is this truth said. (Ibid., hast 109:14.)

that has been preserved, conveys the that God blesses us as we approach him of thatthought knowledge had faith men with deep his ask blessing and of living in are books, age an Wegreat truths that huinfluenced have in our obtaining knowledge. minds Our all written subjects from on and many civilizathemanity brought and have hearts are and opened, and become we train viewpoints. ourselves seek to To I recall attion the today. that have in we students true of the sense term, the

is of of best books out an the knowledge ofclose at of it a is lecture for William James direction under God's that we carefully that should admonition we philosUniversity, learnedHarvard the learn, Christ and Jesus our Redeemer sincerely most and remember. know To uttered these words:opher greatest our teacher. becomes

is art. are books good an what Any

to to I wish quote of the you words list world's missionary a of the can have lately in comfort medi- I have had much the it Prophet Joseph Smith on what literature best people from know who pertating the the passages on which show to teach, ideal of the and eduis. literature to read means good Learn what ofsonality disthe his Ghost, Holy and

for cation all strive. should which we best, in the gospel time however, the and Ittinctness Father Son. the the from and

is a subject that requires searching into to will become a field of immortal (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1954 903 "It is feared that within the course

Levi Edgar Young Continued of a century some man gifted like Paul, some splendid orator, will make the as of ring prophet the martyred name are is It They eightyin the found words indicated. includes here edge than

stir as souls of the loud much and men eighth section all all scientific truth, truth, spiritual of the Doctrine Coveand itself."of Christ as the mighty name all nants: secular and knowledge—knowledge like Palmyra, refers to Sharon, places He past, future, of present, of of the the the

diligently Kirtland, ye Far West, grace shall Manchester, Teach Adamand my..". of the earth. the heavens and

attend you, that instructed you be the may Nauvoo, and Ramus, ondiAhman,

I to closing In the wish words quote perfectly in theory, principle, inmore in he, said Jail. "may "They,"Carthage

of Fiske, historian the atdoctrine, Harvard in John the of all gospel, the in law of places venerable holy and become fifty things that in class pertain years said to a of ago the unto kingdom who like age in classic interest another are thatGod, for expedient to history: underyou

of Gethsemane, the Jerusalem, Gardenstand.

Of things both in heaven and in the The future is lighted for us with the the Mount of Olives, and the Mount earth, and under the earth; things which radiant colors of hope. Strife and sorrow of Calvary to the Christian, or Mecca

have been, things which are, things which shall disappear. Peace and love shall reign and Medina to the Turk."

must shortly come to pass; things which supreme. The dream of poets, the lesson of What did he fear, this governor of a

are at home, things which are abroad; the priest and prophet, the inspiration of the sovereign state? What had he to fear?

of perplexities nations, thewars is the and great in light musician, the confirmed surwould that feared Mormonism He the are land; the judgmentsand which on as gird ourknowledge of modern and we happened world to tell the what vive also of countries a knowledgeand and of selves for of life, the look up work we may places. other He and at Carthage (Ibid., 88:7879.)kingdoms. to in the forward truest the time when

sense, the kingdoms of this world shall befeared that his name would go down "I think I may safely challenge anycome the Kingdom of Christ, and He shall in history coupled with that of Herod one,"says President B. H. Roberts, reign forever and ever, the King of kings and Pontius Pilate, who were con-

"to point out a broader field of knowland Lord of Lords. nected with and in a measure responsible for the crucifixion of the Lord.

Joseph Smith's name is secure in the books of history. He has brought to

the religious world more truth, bringing it nearer to God, than has anyone

The Strength elseSmith'sin leadershipmodern times.was testedBut in Josephother

ways.

I hold before me a list of the Twelve

Of The Church Apostles,Twelve, organizedthe firstin theQuorumyear 1835.of theAs

I read it from an historical record prepared by the late Andrew Jenson, I by Alma Sonne notethese beneathstatements:the names of these men

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE "In 1837 and in 1838 four of the

Twelve apostatized,"and then he names them: "John F. Boynton, Lyman E.

Johnson, Luke S. Johnson, William E.

"y brethren and sisters, I feel deepthat he must have been greatly humiliMcLellin."Four out of twelve had

ly sensible of the responsibility ated, but his zeal and determination left the faith.

for lessened. rests at this the truth not were which upon moHe me wrote, Later Smith and he "William

It the discouraged, to nor not dismayed during has occurred wasment.m me faith. E. the denied Page John On

bitter. all vindictive neither he nor of have brethren that the was day who Patten 25, October 1838, was David W. opposition and expected outstanding Prophet before stood have The been you killed."these six of twelve, Already

it It lot, as his persecution. they before in had leaders the even was Church, see, the fallen will way. you by had

all of positions the had their prophets present to called with been whowere responsibility. Many of them have preceded him in their respective reBrother Jenson remarked: "These

been leaders in the stakes of Zion. sponsibilities. They were challenged brethren were labored with and urged

Some of them have been leaders in the on every turn. He, like his predecessors, to repent."History has proved that

mission field, and all of them have been faced it with the utmost courage, knowthe real setback was not to the Church, leaders in the Church and kingdom of ing that sometime, somewhere, he but to the men individually.

God. would be fully vindicated, as have all I bear testimony, brethren and sisters,

On May 30, 1835 Elder George A. the others who paved the way for that Joseph Smith was a prophet of

Smith was called on a mission to the spiritual enlightenment. God. I bear testimony that the gospel

east. Before leaving, he called on the We marvel at his powers of endurof Jesus Christ was restored through

Prophet Joseph Smith, his cousin, who ance, his steadfastness of purpose, and his instrumentality. I bear testimony,

gave him this advice: "Preach short his unquenchable fire and spirit. To also, that Jesus is the Christ; that he

sermons. Make short prayers, and dethose who would not and could not submitted to the world the plan of life

liver your sermons with a prayerful understand he said: "No unhallowed and salvation. It is the only plan by

heart."I bejieve all the sermons to hand can stop the work of God from which we can come back to our Father

which we have listened today and yesprogressing."Mobs, persecution, defain heaven, and I bear testimony, that

terday have been short sermons, and I mation, were powerless against it. plan has been restored again to the

believe many prayers have been offered Governor Ford of Illinois must have earth through Joseph Smith, the to our Father, especially by those who sensed the spirit and stamina back of Prophet. Hesitate, my friends, ere you

have been called upon to speak. what he called Mormonism. There doubt this great modern miracle, for

A year ago I visited an old house in was something there which even he the gospel is upon the earth, and the

Hiram, Ohio, and stood in the very could not comprehend. He feared its Holy Priesthood has been restored, by

bedroom in that house from which the growth because he felt it was bound which men can officiate in the name

Prophet Joseph Smith had been taken to go forward, regardless of its opof God.

by an angry mob, tied to a tree, and ponents, however ruthless and godless May we be blessed in our endeavors covered with a coat of tar and feathers. they might be. It could not be stifled to serve him and given strength to keep

I know the Prophet must have been nor frustrated by the enemy. Goverhis commandments, everyone, I pray in

bruised during the ordeal. I know also nor Ford wrote in his history of Illinois: the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

904 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "the royal law

according to

the scriptures"

by Marion G. Romney

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

beloved brethren and sisters: T cold. On construction jobs and in sewWe have already noted what the

would like you to give me a speing rooms, you labor. You battle Lord required of the children of Israel

cial interest in your faith and floods and disease. You sit in council with respect thereto, even as theyMyprayers as I attempt to edify this mighty late into the nights, wrestling with emerged from four hundred years of

congregation, those present in this problems of policy and procedure incislavery. Simple as were the instrucbuilding and those beyond. I need your dent to your divine service. You find tions, they contained the two basic

faith and prayers because I desire to work for the unemployed. In times of principles of every Godgiven plan for

say a few words about "the royal law distress, you administer to the suffering implementing the "royal law"—first,

according to the scriptures,"if you oband give comfort to the bereaved. those who had were to give, and secserve which, the Apostle James says, Freely do you contribute of your ond, those who received were to labor

"Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thymeans, not alone in acquiring welfare for what they got.

self."(James 2:8.) This matter is very facilities, but also as a continuing pracAway back before the flood, Enoch,

important to me, it lies next to my tice you contribute the cash value of to a generation vexed with "wars and heart, and it should be important to two meals each month, that your bishbloodshed,"taught the gospel of Jesus you. ops may have, not only commodities Christ in mighty power, including the

Without attempting to catalog the with which to warm and feed the cold procedure required by the celestial law many things which the keeping of this and hungry and clothe the naked, but in loving one's neighbor as one's self.

"royal law"entails, it may, from its money also with which to provide their Those who believed, lived it, with the use in the scriptures, be said with cerother needs. Your accomplishments result that

tainty that chief among them is caring during the last twenty years in doing... the Lord came and dwelt with his

for the poor. In the very first chapter all this voluntarily and without expeople, and they dwelt in righteousness.

in which the phrase, "Thou shalt love pectation or hope of personal gain, is And the Lord called his people Zion, bethy neighbour as thyself"appears, the a modern miracle. It has brought you cause they were of one heart and one mind,

Lord commanded ancient Israel to proto a state of perfection in gospel living and dwelt in righteousness; and there was

vide for their poor. unmatched since the golden era of the no poor among them. (Moses 7:16, 18.)

Nephites. Now, my brethren and sisters, they

ye the reap of harvest when And your for labor thus As you your brethren did not the poor remove from among land, shalt thou not wholly corthe reap sisters, merit and the assurance you turning over to by them cared them be ofners held, neither shalt thy thou gather are in that very ministering deed you dole for through system sponsored some gleaningsthe harvest. of thy

to your Redeemer. Such assurance nations. the warring you by They provided shalt glean not thy vineyard; And thou in have words: "... King Benjamin's for their the prescribed manner. own inneither shalt gather thou every grape of

thy vineyard; thou shall leave them for the when ye are in the service of your By full observance of the law of Enoch,

poor and stranger: I am the Lord your fellow beings ye are only in the service they became equal in all things, temGod. (Lev. 19:9-10.) of your God."(Mos. 2:17.) You have poral and spiritual, thereby obtaining

it from the Lord himself in this disthat "union required by the law of the

During the last few weeks it has pensation, for "... inasmuch,"said celestial kingdom."

been my pleasure to meet with stake he, "as ye impart of your substance unto During his earthly ministry, the Lord and ward welfare workers in 136 stakes. the poor, ye will do it unto me."(D. & placed the "royal law,"in importance,

During the next few weeks I hope to C. 42:31.) second only to the love of God. (See

meet the rest of you. In passing I You also have the satisfaction of Matt. 22:39.) His exchange with the

might say that of the 136 stake presiknowing that you are discharging an rich young man illustrates the diffidents in these stakes, only three "fled obligation which from the beginning culty people of that day experienced in the realm"when they saw us coming. has been laid upon the members of living it. (See ibid., 19:1622.) HowAll the rest of you stood and took it. Christ's Church. ever, the Saints of the Apostolic Church

strength are adYour courage and live it. to Being heart "of one and in tried of implementation method The appreciated.mirable and very much soul,"of one they disposed of their lands at force a given has varied with time

Your performance in the fulfilment the degree of perfection in gospel livand houses and laid the proceeds "at of this "royal law"gives me great joy ing attained by the Saints. But the the apostles'feet: and distribution was

and inspires in me a hope for an early "royal law"has persisted. It is as made unto every man according as he

redemption of Zion. With all my much a part of the requirements of the had need."(Acts 4:32, 35.)

heart I salute you. gospel of Jesus Christ, and obedience Following the visit of Jesus, the

As evidence of your love for your thereto is as certainly a prerequisite to Nephites lived the "royal law."

neighbors, you carry on in your numerexaltation in the celestial kingdom, as... every man did deal justly one with

ous welfare activities. At the coal mine, are baptism and the laying on of another.

in the mills and factories, in canneries, hands. It has been taught, and pracAnd they had all things common among

you toil. In orchards, fields, and on the tised in some form, in every gospel disthem. (4 Nephi 2-3.)

ranches, you endure the heat and the pensation. {Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1954 905 "Wherefore have we fasted"cried they,

Marion G. Romney Continued "and thou seest not? wherefore have we

afflicted our soul, and thou takest no

As the Lord gave the "royal law"to pleased also, for he is blessing our efknowledge?"

Because, came the answer, you do not Saints the dispensations, so in former forts remarkably.

I fast commanded. the which keep it us. given he has to (See approval. D. to his us 59:6.) Let continue merit & C.

as a heads your True, you down bow Before the old, if a year was Church discouraged should not be some he We and sackcloth spread bulrush and had, in three separate laid revelations, enthusiastic are not Church members feet, not do but you ashes under your the Saints to obligation the care upon established presently the Church about for their poor. (See ibid., Sees. 38, 42, practice for the implementation of the deal your bread to the hungry, nor

44.) Clearly alluding to temporal "royal law."Their apathy is due to a provide housing for the poor, nor do

do naked. you the cover When said, things, "I say he you, unto of appreciation the be lack Lord you of what

call, shalt thou things, these "Then if ye are not one; and one ye are not Somedesigns to accomplish by it.

shalt shall answer; thou the Lord and mine."I This followed in spirits he get a little command low times when

I say, am. And cry, Here he shall and directions the certain of that with revived this by matter, about I am the hunsoul to thy out if thou draw "... to brethren to appointed be look from quotation following the reading

the the needy, poor and suffer,"shall adding,.. "Behold,. that theyI a sermon by President Brigham Young: gry,shall andthy satisfylight risetheinafflictedobscurity,soul;andthenthy not

say unto you, that ye must visit the poor The Lord revealed to Joseph, that the darkness be as the noonday: And the

and the needy and administer to their people would gather out from Babylon, and Lord shall guide thee continually, and of make the drought, establish the and in satisfy soul kingdom upon thy God relief."(Ibid., 38:27, 44:6.) 35;

to of like principles heaven. up went They shalt be thou fat bones: and thy exthe contemplated Lord no That their this in Mo., with County, Jackson spring like a garden, and watered a

is ceptions to "royal evidenced the law"express understanding the faith with and (See fail not."waters of water, whose infact his that the concluded he by there, got everything was they that when 58:3-11.) Isaiah

... feet the of structions sent at the laid Bishop to the brethren who to be he whom

efficacy of turns praying upon The people, acthe distribute to it among in was to Missouri Kirtland western from

June 1831, with this admonition: "And cording to the revelation.... But they obedience to the "royal law."So taught

to they this; his hearers consequently, as bear counseled he not Amulek could all the things the in poor and remember

... County, and driven Jackson were from to their cry the in unto Lord them for afflicted, sick the the needy, and State. the finally driven from were they fields, in their houses, closets their and things, the these same not that doeth he. the.. Quarters, in were Winter While we places, secret their in wilderness and (Ibid., disciple."52:40.) These is not my just as revelation, to a much Lord gave me their over households, morning, "both destitute, all to brethren, but were make opened to anybody. ever as one gave he He

... evening, midday, and and when organization states. the across four their The showed mind, and me way my

Prophet himself walked almost the of the kingdom of God in a family capacity. you do not cry unto the Lord,"he confull, tinued, hearts I be "let your drawn it throw to would I talked my brethren; to IndeSt. Louis from distance whole

for a words few continually out in prayer a here, and out unto words few him miles. three pendence, hundred

first second to counselor, there, to my also welfare, for the my your welfare and if It to that these occurs brethren but Apostles, me the counselor, Twelve and of those are you."around And who

of their in of qualify poverty or two not could the exception one as with serhis concluded the then matchless he it a man. They touch not would Twelve, of disciples the without Lord rememthis challenging prayer on with mon it yes, it would but come, believed would O sick the the bering the poor needy, and bestatement: behold, "And now my Vol. Discourses, by. Qournal be and of by it difficult afflicted, will be most and I brethren, loved say you, not do unto 244.) 242, XVIII, pp. neglect so for to should qualify us we is after this all; for that suppose ye

in such enjoying, them, do as we things, all these done if ye turn since have a long come Now, we've way earth. of the the bounties abundance, the needy, the naked, and and away said this. President Today, Young many

I repeat, then, that in this divine servof the Saints are catching a glimpse of visit not the sick and afflicted, and imice you have the satisfaction of knowing the import of the "royal law."part of your substance, if ye have, to

that you are discharging an obligation Let us go forward, never slackening those who stand in need—I say unto

which has from the beginning been our efforts. And let us not be disyou, if ye do not any of these things,

laid upon the Saints of God, and which couraged by the charge that some welbehold, your prayer is vain, and availeth obligation rests now in full force upon farees are unworthy of the help they you nothing, and ye are as hypocrites us, the Saints of the latter days. receive. If such there be, they shall who do deny the faith."(See Alma

In the early 1830's, the Lord directed in due time be weeded out, for the 34:1738.)

the Saints to implement the "royal Lord has said, King Benjamin went so far as to teach law"by living the United Order. In his people that imparting of their subthis they failed. Because they did not... he that is idle shall not eat the bread stance to the poor was a prerequisite to

learn to impart of their substance as nor wear the garments of the laborer. (D. a retention of a remission of their sins

becometh Saints to the poor and af- & C. 42:42.) (see Mos. 4:26), and Mormon taught

permitted flicted the Lord them, among the same doctrine. (See Alma 4:12idler shall place not have in the And the

Missouri, to from be driventhem 14.) except and Church, he repent his and mend

live the they that requirementthe (Ibid., 75:29.) ways. These are teachings in full harmony the But withdrawn. Order wasUnited the with revelations modern the on subIt rewithdrawn. not "royal law"was this However, point King on Benjaject, in of one the which said Lord he partially least full force. At inmained that taught min withheld who the man their given had agency and men made have it, then, since Saints, fulfil theto his substance poor, from the charging stewards over them blessings, earthly

tithing of and the lawbeen by that bound they, through misconduct, had all of which had been prepared him, by the "fast."brought their distress upon themselves, for he had stretched out the heavens

just years ago, a centwenty About built the earth; and that full and it was

.. great to hath cause repent; and experitury following the United Order there to was spare; that enough it was except of that repenteth.he which he hath inspired the inaugurament, the Lord his to purpose provide for Saints, his forever, perisheth he done hath and no

tion of the present Church welfare plan. interest in the kingdom of God. (Mos. but that it must be done in his own

In it, we are being given another op- 4:18.) way, which was "that the poor shall be

portunity to show our mettle, to stand exalted, in that the rich are made low.

up and be counted, to prove ourselves Now the issues, brothers and sisters,... Therefore,"said he, "if any man

worthy—or unworthy, as the case may which turn upon keeping the "royal shall take of the abundance which I

be—of rising toward a fuller complilaw"are such as to challenge every soul have made, and impart not his portion,

ance with the "royal law."Personally, who understands them to high endeavor. according to the law of my gospel, unto

I am very pleased with the progress we The efficacy of our fasting turns upon the poor and the needy, he shall, with are making, and I believe the Lord is it. So spake the Lord to ancient Israel. the wicked, lift up his eyes in hell,

906 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA being in torment."(See D. & C. 104:13were two suits of clothes, direct from the I was a stranger, and ye took me not in:

18.) cleaners. I doubt if President Smith had naked, and ye clothed me not: sick, and in

not. visited prison, ye and me shirts of the ever In another very them. came Zion building and worn The

saying, also shall him, they answer Then in cellotribula- of the the laundry, Saints theescape wrapped from from or thee hungred, an saw we when In Lord, worn. paper,tions ready to the naout yet to be poured be upon phane or or sick, or stranger, athirst, or a naked,

tions turn upon a full compliance with other packages we received were thouin prison, and did not minister unto thee?

the "royal law."We can with profit sands of pounds of clothing, much of Then shall he answer them, saying,

let our minds dwell upon these things; it ragged, dirty, and unfit to wear. I Verily I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye did

for Zion, "the New Jerusalem,"is yet contemplated at that time, and I do it not to one of the least of these, ye did it to me. not it is those goods of land built, donors "a theto to be be and now, how

into everlastshall go these away And truth realized the feel city of refuge, they a a placeof peace, of would when into life righteous the but punishment: ing that Master, of saints for the of this thesafety of statement High the Most 25:4146.) (Ibid., eternal.

.. it. one unto shall gathered as there have done be ye "InasmuchGod; And

unto it out of every nation under of the least of these my brethren, ye Surely, my brothers and sisters, we heaven; and it shall be the only people have done it unto me."(Ibid., 25:40.) have great reason to be encouraged, and

that shall not be at war one with an- a great motive to go forward in this other.... And every man that will Then shall he say also unto them on work. May we each, through full comcursed, left ye me, from Depart the hand, according his neighbor against "royal his law the take pliance with swordnot

fire, devil for the prepared everlasting into that safety."for flee scriptures,"on Zion be qualified the to unto needsmust angels: his and rightthe for ibid., a place 45:6571.) great(See among day I ye hungred, gave and was an me For

When shall we build it? you ask. no meat: I was thirsty, and ye gave me no eous, I humbly pray in the name

Well, according to the scriptures, not drink: of Jesus Christ. Amen.

until we can fully and ungrudgingly yield obedience to the "royal law."For

the Lord has made it plain that Zion cannot be built up until the Saints become united according to the "union required by the laws of the celestial Sunday Morning, October 3, 1954 kingdom,"which laws, he explains, require us to impart of our substance "as becometh saints, to the poor and afflicted"among us. (See ibid., 105:1-6.)

Surely, my brethren and sisters, we should take courage and great joy inour labors as we contemplate the many THE TRIE issues which turn upon keeping the "royal law."In fact, Jesus taught that

the final judgment will turn upon it. As he sat upon the Mount of Olives CHURCH

just two days before the final Passover, his anxious disciples plied him with many questions. Concerning his secby George Q. Morris

ond coming, he said:

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE When the Son of man shall come in his glory, and all the holy angels with him, then shall he sit upon the throne of his glory: And before, him shall be gathered all dear brethren and sisters: I thank hood of the Church, so in this day he

nations: and he shall separate them one the Lord for the privilege of being has placed in the hands of Apostles and

hisfrom another, as of the priesthood of prophets and and morning with you this sheep from the goats: gospel, in the Church, his fellowship a shepherd divideth his Mylaving and his with Church you

And he shall set the sheep on his right Church of Jesus Christ, and I thank the only true and living Church in hand, the but goats left. on the it is his the siminstructions, for the world because the and Church, the Lord

shall the Then say King unto on them it infor gospel in lies salvation beautiful, alone convincing ple, the humanhis right hand, blessed ye Come, of my this family. that structions have received weFather, inherit the for kingdom prepared

you from the foundation of the world: morning and in all preceding sessions What a glorious message of hope and

For I was an hungred, and ye gave me of this conference. faith and joy this should be to the dis-

I it is thirsty,meat: to traught world. the was such ye gave drink: and And me I dependent wholly upon my amI stranger, a was in: ye and took in those heart, are seeking honest me who asyour in heaven Father upon and I Naked, ye clothed and sick, me: was all their hearts to keep with and know to shall lead sistance in that he me I visited ye inand prison, me: was and ye of the God. commandments I that say the things should upon say unto me.came visited contithis the Lord When shall occasion. this the righteous Then him, answer

set his his nent and up Church amongsaying, Lord, thee hunwhen an saw we for a century a and This Church his into after people ascension soon fedgred, thirsty, thee? or and gave and

thee drink? quarter has been declaring these truths the heavens, they were querying after

When saw we thee a stranger, and took to the world. The testimonies we have he left them one day, as to what they

thee in? or naked, and clothed thee? heard, the teachings of the gospel, the should name the Church, and when

Or when saw we thee sick, or in prison, purposes of the Lord, have been he came the next day to continue his thee? untoand came this all during to the world preached to their instructions them, he knew

shall the say unto answer King and And called period been have by who men queries said: contentions and and

I you, as Verily unto saythem, Inasmuch to so, the to message do and God it least of of of the unto one haveye done it it be church be save how And my is that the has been and the world itthese brethren, unto ye have done my if called For in be a church name? my exists in of Christ Jesus now Church 25:3140.) (Matt.me. it called in be Moses'Moses'then name Aposthat prophets and world, and the if it called or in of the be church; name

I know President George Albert Smith tles are directing the affairs of his a man then it be the church of a man;

understood this scripture. I remember Church. Indeed, just as the Lord Jesus but if it be called in my name then it is

when we were gathering clothes to ship Christ in leaving the world to ascend to my church, if so be that it is built upon my to Europe for our people in distress. I the Father left his Church in the hands gospel. (3 Nephi 27:8.)

remember the packages he sent. In one of Apostles and prophets and the priest- (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1954 907 dispensation ended. The true Church

George 0. Morris Continued was again taken from the earth. This

being so, then it is clear that men had of of of will the God, knowing no way a logical simple beauwithin 160 and and denominations What about met of principles the true preserving thetiful facts! of explanation the of of of that stakes the precincts the the one And true to the continuing of gospel, know

is to something in of midst the guide been that us Christ has Jesus Church of revelations living God. The and all exists of religious the genthat the earth, restored in confusion to the and

It to them. available not were God in today. the of eral in country world location our Church where The

all the that therefore, follow, must his his direction ChristJesus bears by Smith Smith became and Joseph Hyrum Apostles the since built churches up it this In for again day has concerning theirname. martyrs testimony when were true the prophets Church and and restored, of instructions the been true the same the one Church, Church

are churches made earth the from taken to restored. that the Prophet Christ, thatcame Joseph Smith been Jesus had

of unto "the power men, and God by this It their is called the should interesting be that to in Church note in them. not be could salvation"of Christ of Latterday of Jesus forChurch desire the unity, church many this If understand but could people Saints, to the Saints""Latterday forthrightly being are leaders speaking they if could, then principle, our youth

it all distinguish to other speaker added from their people. prominent One of restored for Church look the would if dispensations. Jesus this that thought expressed dispensation last of the Christ Jesus his instrucin to Lord continued today earth the Christ The should come his is built his upon bears name, which If to effect that: his tions the the bearing Church the see denominations and

it his auin has gospel, and it is his his built "If are say, thesehas and upon he name would name, and Apostles thority and whichpower—his if it is his gospel, a I then and Church; not churches, Christian then am

prophets. tothey Father the pray he would would Christian."

hear their prayers, and his works shall I want to read, not exact quotations, Just for a moment may we glance at be manifest in the Church. but some expressions here, because I what constitutes the setting up of the

Note the significant qualification want them to be accurate in representing Church of Christ? Men set up their

added that not only must it have his what others are thinking. One particuchurches day by day, by private inname, but it must also be based upon lar Protestant writer in great clearness terpretations of the scriptures, but for

his gospel. Then he adds that if and sincerity, expresses his belief that the Church of Jesus Christ, which can

churches are built that are based upon the churches should become united, and come from God only, to be set up, the the works of men or the works of Satan, states these reasons: heavens must be opened, a dispensathen these will have joy in their tion of truth must come. First of all,

churches for a period, but the time That Protestantism is conscious and the God ordinarily, with an exception I demonstrations agree that the true Church he to a appears shall note, man whom will be theywill down hewn come when exists the in of Christ, but that mind he reprophet, his and as selected has fire. the cast into and recognizes of the his none as denominations for true Church a to him, himself veals

set very Church. clearly has Lord before The false faith and a built on be cannot there should united That be one Church, this inus statement guiding a simple

it known that be false So may a God. it it is exists, that but hidden now by manis principle: of Jesus There one Church is he of being kind only what not churches. denominational made his Christ, bearing preaching and name himself identifies is, the true That he only can he Church come by but who gospel. his other are the All churches dissolution of a the denominational churches he living God. Then true as the and

of there churches be and no can men, as churches, are but apostate which an Holy authority, the his this gives man in will salvation time them, the and system. denominational so is equipped he thus Priesthood;

is will destroyed. be for to they the united acome church That when way step by direct him the Lord that may their to the abdicate churchdenominations the Prophet Smith was Joseph When the in the Church establish to step the functions they ism church and which to before the a youth, he had come did Lord the earth. what was That sinfully usurped. have

whole Christian world and declare to That the desire of many leaders of with Abraham who talked with God them the principle that there could be Christendom is to release the believers of face to face, and he received the priestonly one true church in the world. In Christ from the Protestant apostasy into hood and the Urim and Thummim.

spirit it evil of the led been has for byhis truth which search the been he had revelations, needful gave him Lord The sectarianism. to in logical thinking; his wanted he to where to do and telling what him united the church bringing in about That hisserve keep commandments; and God him. with covenants go, made and led errors avoided which be the must in as the denominations viewed heand the of the sectarDispensation Regarding of the apostasy into Protestantism

all that concluded heChristendom, of that in the Meridian Lord Time, ianism.

true, that not be couldthese churches instance a did not choose and come they that all but wrong, be mightthey are ideas the in Such current now Firstprophet, the sent his but Father as right, then, all we be and notcould Protestantism. investiture born, divine he by whom previous to us by explained hadhave are satisfied not the with conMen elevated to sharing the Godhead, had

of presence the in receivedspeakers, he ditions of the the in denominations glory the the with and honor and him latter's words the the Father Sonthe and world. aposunderstand the To how of his the Fatherhood, power he own and all creeds wrong were thethat tasy described thus about, they came to his sent Son be Begotten Only him the in abomination theythat an were to need truth understand the that has all flesh; in so the that he with came

creeds the were ofsight They God. referred to here, been that there have in this authority that power and was untruth true, and not that were of men various of dispensations gospel, been the light, Spirit of the from him. He, he

God cannot tolerate. that there were long periods when it whom the priesthood comes, he from

After a century there has been some was not on the earth. It should be whom revelations come, he himself

change in thought, perhaps the leaven understood that the Dispensation of the came as directed by the Father and has been at work. There are many Meridian of Time was but a restorafor thirtythree years lived in the world,

Christian leaders in the denominations tion of the gospel previously taken from revealing himself and revealing through today who are declaring there can be the earth and that although that dispenhimself God the eternal Father, being but one true Church, and they have a sation was glorified by the presence of in his express image, and taught the most sincere desire to unify the divergent the Lord Jesus Christ, himself opening principles of the gospel of salvation as denominations making up the Chrisit and in it offering his great atonedirected by the Father, atoned for the tian churches of the world. About a ment, yet it was to come to an end. sins of the world and instituted the

month ago they held in the Chicago It should also be clearly understood resurrection from the dead.

area a World Council of Churches, deas was explained in this conference, that These are the simple truths as to a siring if possible to work toward unity. when the prophets and the Apostles, restoration of the gospel of Jesus Christ

It is interesting to note that this great the very foundation of the Church of and it is the simple truth, that by these council of nearly six hundred delegates Jesus Christ, disappeared, then his means this gospel has again been rerepresenting fortyeight countries and Church of necessity disappeared. That stored in these last days by the Lord

908 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Jesus Christ, the sole source of salvathat through it our beloved prophet, the lesson to the young) who have the tion for the human family, through David O. McKay, receives instructions idea that freedom, the freedom of which

the Prophet Joseph Smith, who received from God, that this is the Church and we speak, can be found in unlicensed the Holy Priesthood, followed his inkingdom of God, and that in it is the liberty. But this freedom which Jesus

structions, received his revelations and power of God unto salvation, because taught is not the freedom of irresponsibuilt up again his Church; and thus it is the Church of Jesus Christ. May bility or unrighteousness, but the freean open channel of revelation was estabGod touch the hearts of men and dom which accompanies obedience.

lished, which channel shall never be women to understand these simple Is that husband free, for instance, closed, for this is the Church of the truths, that they may receive this meswho with disloyalty to his wife and last dispensation and it shall never sage with gladness and thanksgiving family and with lust in heart, entangles again be taken from the earth. and embrace it for their salvation and himself in alliances outside his own

I bear humble witness that this chanexaltation, I humbly pray in the name home? Is that father free who, neglectnel of communication is now open and of Jesus Christ. Amen. ing his children, turns them away and

does not love them and teach them? Is

that man free who hates his neighbor, and who will not forgive the trespasses his neighbor has committed against him?

Is that wife and mother free who will

her this to ". not perform the duties of her home with be realizing her heart, in joy.. therefore ye free Is who calling? great that woman

gives her time to selfish social pursuits

Church, her community, her neighbor, are free indeed"of doubtful worth instead of to her there service, when honest her God, in is so much to do?

Is that boy free who trifles with good by Marion D. Hanks habits, who cheats a little in school,

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY who will not accept sound counsel and loving parental advice, but who, making his own stubborn way (for he is of the age when he thinks he knows better are chooses they) companions than who like feel a experience I makes of prominence. think the freedom me

activihis path, goesThis about the wrong on friend lieutenant of mine. Marine to decertain taught of Jesus by the

stealing perhaps ties even them, with last four for in the of been centuries had scendants war He Abraham many precious the others most some fromyears learned they ago. he were and of his taught Father, when Having them

girl Is free the things they enjoy? young recall, hisconsidering sent board lesson, the he great in gave another he them

little herself of that she so thinks who said: desire "I in telegrama these he words, which believed having on many

if as she to herself handled be allows I years thatto spent four remind you him:

talks with or nothing, worth were who I last justin the war, you and want acor friends her evil tongue about If in ye continue are ye word, then I my to into not do crowd want know ahead of anyone else who wants the my disciples indeed; quaintances; who will not be counseled,

in or shall helpful truth, humble ye the will not be and know And the whoexperience."

free. shall truth you make the home? I things grateful for a great many am see, [angrily, answered him, They you these obvious peois that answer The grateful Ithis always morning. am free, they already they because were were free. are ple True, not they have the this in theseto grounds be on and seed, not?] were be Abraham's and We to right choose, their violate but they for association dailybuilding, with them to sayest never in any bondage man: how

has never dimmed their beauty and tnou, Ye shall be made free? agency in choosing that which denies

their memories for me. I am grateful Jesus answered them, Verily, verily, I them the very freedom which God

sin for his you, children enjoy; say unto committeth would have Whosoever how thisfor flowers festoon lovely the which

is sin. of the servant is this achieved? freedom to love of learned forstand, us many house in the abideth the servant not And Let or quote two verses three me of isin represent the they what andthem ever. for ever: abideth the but son scripture. In addition to the of words particularly I sea; of thelands and am If free, shall the therefore son you make Lord, the telling us that truth makes love or of for blessinggrateful aloha the 8:3136.) free shall indeed. ye be (John

which motivated the good people who us free, he said again as recorded sent them. There is a freedom different from and in the Doctrine and Covenants, the sa-

I am especially grateful this morning, superior to even that which we enjoy cred book of the restoration:

to worteach, to to today, had and meet, serviceman afor freedom. who As

I, the free, Lord God, theremake you it, it? Is as is suphelp ship. conflict some to inopportunity armed an What fore free are ye indeed; also the law and please? to as right Amerithe pose, as a do nation, Do young this wedefend free. maketh you (D. 98:8.) & C.

in as I indulgence, in this Saint, freedom Latterday as a we find amcan, and grateful for freedom as my intelligence unrighteousness, in sin? Do we find And He said to us, as John recorded

and capacity to understand it allow me it in giving loose rein to passion, to emoit when he was among men:

to be. tions, to appetites, to the unrighteous

But as I look at you and consider thought or act? Now ye are clean through the word

myself, I think of another kind of This freedom of which Jesus spoke which I have spoken unto you.

in Abide me, and not is does unrighteouswith important company even morefreedom which for without... meI in yeyou.can.. do. nothing. is to asness it the product nor of the enjoy here thatthan which we 15:3-5.) evil (John

act. this freedom, worship. This freedom which to to teach and andsemble

This freedom has no relationship to he taught as being most important to And the Psalmist sang, "And I will prison walls, or to any other aspect of mankind, comes to those who in rightwalk at liberty: for I seek thy precepts."

physical restraint or deprivation. It eousness have faith in God, learn his (Psalms 119:45.)

to law, understand fact, and seek one imbe employed in bymay, it, and And again, James:

it, to penniless obedient and with responsiwho, dungeon, deepest inmured and starving and in ill health. On the bility, seek to do his will. But whoso looketh into the perfect law

other hand, it may be absent from one There are many among us, and of liberty, and continueth therein, he being who is not physically restrained, who throughout the world, young and old not a forgetful hearer, but a doer of the has an abundance of wealth, health, (though perhaps we too often confine {Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1954 909 gospel that he who will not in his heart

Marion D. Hanks Contmuec forgive, he who will not be clean, he

who will not seek to know the truths to only as of not they apply the Lord work, this man is irresponsibility shall be blessed in his freedom not is a but word, obedience or lithe which 1:25.) deed. (James that real cense, but freedom accompanof is to a also the obedience which way

ies faith in of the understanding God, is free. living, not finally, perhaps and imporAnd most

it. his word, obedience and to (And faith, that bless have us we may God tantly, out of the of II book Corinthians of us, I believe, each personknows it, live his learn that and word we may this simple statement:

ally difference freethe the between spirit his order that in have may we... where the Spirit of the Lord is, there dom of faith and obedience, and the with us, for "... where the Spirit of

is liberty. (II Cor. 3:17.) bondage of sin.) the Lord is, there is liberty."(Ibid.,

God bless us to realize as we seek to 3:17.) In the name of Jesus Christ.

My humble testimony is that real learn the marvelous principles of the Amen.

If The Gift

of Faith Is There

by Clifford E. Young assistant to the council of the twelve

and Lucy Smith would have known that he had been injured by some of whether or not the Prophet, the boy, his friends, and Phineas Young wrote said, telling have to the truth. "Never back She would mind all him and was

feel as if I had run through a red that; there one suppose some grievance. was his message whether was known

I light!My brethren and sisters: I join ofknowtruthit andor sheone neverof error,waveredand throughshe did yourYou knowtestimony;the gospelyou isknowtrue; whereyou knowyou

you this beautiful Sabbath morning in out her life; neither did the father, who belong."Following this, Oliver finally

expressing gratitude for a testimony of stood loyally and truly by the side of came up to Council Bluffs, and you the divinity of this work. As I drove the young Prophet. It was a fantastic know the rest of the story. He appeared

up this morning from my home in message. It was not easy to believe. before the people and then before the

feeling help not I could County, Utah as to picture I try the council, Prophet to he said we high and humbly

I father grateful that and had a folbefore stood as as substantially council, the Savior he a Andpicture high the it is father, believed. mother who My left to disciples to lows, ask his not be restored had Pilate, alone; "I do my

his 117th anniversary today, knew the him, even Peter had said that he did former position..."the gift of faith

Prophet Joseph, only as a boy, hownot know him when he was pressed by had come back in his soul... "but all

ever, but his family knew the Prophet some of the rabble; so Jesus stood alone. I ask is that I may come back into the

intimately, and they loved him. My In that early day in the history of the Church, because I know it is true."

loved father mother loved him. My alone, stood and the Prophet Church, It is a testimony, marvelous brothmy the instilled in his have name. They today. great of this One work yet think sisters. ers and the of out had been He of appreciation of hearts children us an passed and centuries have quarter a and years. It ten Church nearly was through this went great work. They leaven of the evidence the here have we years since twenty written he the had Father rough. knew that times were Morris, Brother to referred by that was it of fell as Book Mormon, the from heaped that criticisms been had the it the lump; leavening was, as small lips of the he, as Prophet Joseph, they he but against the knew Prophet, gospel restored of the this message and translated. Joseph, easily could He very in true, he knew not and were# land. the is throughout spreading said, have wavered; he could have "We preall that he that was Joseph deed

It all I mistaken. were I mistake. of things a was these as thought drove to be. tended

I tried to think this morning, as 1 along, and then I thought of Oliver Joseph made us believe we saw the plates. a imagined heard at Oliver we Cowdery. one time Cowdery We along, have was driving what I would

or and like voice, another of faith. somehow lost the gift we was He little vil- I lived in the thought, had

thought angel."little an did saw of we But he thing us today! Some many of lage in 1820, a young Palmyra when

that. say said, not of soul. his He Book sometimes "The cankered had We tell to to his return and was boy home

is It true. translated let little was souls, Mormon things our canker by and great manifestation of his parents the

gift of the the and power blessings God. lose great saw the values and we We I to him. that had come am wonderangel, his voice and as heard in he service faithful that we through come I thought, had ing have would what

truthfulness declared the this of little sacred let this things Oliver Church. had I as a brother, was Hyrum, even been

six years older than the Prophet. Would canker his soul. Phineas Young who record."

I have believed him or would I have was very close to my father's family, So, my brethren and sisters, with a thought that there was something wrong and who was a brotherin-law of Oliver heart full of gratitude and a testimony with the boy? But I am sure if I had Cowdery, labored with Oliver, wrote in my soul of the divinity of this work,

come under that parental influence and him letter after letter, telling him never I stand before you acknowledging the had felt the faith and warmth of those to mind the little things but to rememgoodness of God to me, and to my parents who knew, I, too, would have ber that the truth had been restored family, for the gift of faith, realizing subscribed to his great message and and that he, Oliver, knew it and that that no matter what comes in one's life, would have believed. he should come back in the Church. if the gift of faith is there, one may

A mother knows the weakness of In this very pulpit a number of years safely walk without wavering and withher children; she knows those weakago, Brother Alonzo Hinckley read a out complaint. I feel that in my soul

nesses before anyone else. She does letter that Oliver Cowdery had written today, as I bear you this testimony,

not parade them, for which we are to Phineas Young, in which he set in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.

grateful, but she knows the weaknesses, forth some of his grievances, feeling Amen.

910 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA under your care so greatly that when they walk into their class, even though you may not be their adviser in that

Responsibilities sittingdeacons'nextquorum,to them,therelettingyou themwill seebe with their eyes that what is in your eyes in the reflection of what is in the teacher's eyes.

Of Teachers mustI havehaveoftenon athoughtboy to whatreach effectout theit sacrament plate to his scoutmaster sitting in sacrament meeting. Boys love

by S. Dihvorth Young their scoutmasters, usually, and here

belongs, he the where scoutmaster OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY sits or plate the boy hands and him the the cup and smiles at him, and the scoutmaster smiles back. Not a word

Thebeginningfact thatofPresidentthe conference,McKay, in laidthe wethosecoulddays havewhen,it aftertoday theas priesthoodit was in whathas beenit meanssaid, to butdo histhe dutyboy toknowsGod.

stress upon the auxiliaries of the class was over, we would gather again He does not have to put his hand up

Church, his statement being followed and let the bishop give his final beneand say it, he just knows it.

up by two of the auxiliary groups of diction before we departed for home. Do you scoutmasters realize that

our young people singing, gives me li- I think that was the highlight of my every time you pass a grove of trees in cense, my brothers and sisters, to speak deacon's experience, happy as it was. your hiking programs and in your campto a special group. I realize that there As we filed back into the old Eighteenth ing out, that it is possible for your

are many listening who do not belong Ward chapel, Uncle Fred's eye again boys to duplicate in a measure the exto this group, but those to whom I went down the line of his deacons, perience of the Prophet Joseph? What

refer have a great deal to do with the engaged our eyes, each, as the final a lovely thing it would be if a scoutdestiny of about twentyfive thousand song was sung and the final prayer was master could subtly teach a boy that or thirty thousand of our young boys, said. And we often walked home feelwhenever he came into a grove or passed

so I feel justified in addressing them ing lifted up spiritually. This could a grove, if he cared to go in there and

this morning. I refer to the scoutnot have been given by anyone but a kneel down and offer a prayer to his

masters and the Explorer post advisers man who lived what he preached withFather, perhaps the Father would hear of the Church. There are about twentyout doing any preaching. the prayer. He might not show Himfive hundred of them, in total. In their As an adolescent youth, there were self to him, but he would reveal Himhands are the weekday activities of our two men who taught me lessons in the self to him by a method which we

young boys. same way without saying anything. I have been told is sure, by the Holy

First, my brethren, I can address you enjoyed a happy athletic career in high Ghost.

as brethren I am sure and as a coschool. I tried everything. Willard The forests of our land, where God

laborer of many years standing, I should Ashton, the coach, never did tell me might influence boys are not confined like to call to your attention the fact I had to obey any rules of the game, to New York state, my brothers and that the best teaching is subtle. The but I just knew that I had to; there sisters and fellow scoutmasters. They

declared statements of the Scout oath was no other way to play it. Why? are here and around us.

and the Scout law do not necessarily Because that was the way he played I have been a Scout executive a long teach morals, although they help. It it. He did not talk about it, he did time, but I cannot recall many occais the unspoken thing, the act from a it. During that same period, there sions that I have heard a scoutmaster

man's heart which really does the was Adam Bennion; I had four happy bear his witness at a campfire that Jeteaching. I should like to make three years under Adam S. Bennion. I cansus is the Christ. I have been guilty

simple illustrations in my own life not recall that he ever mentioned to of that myself. Could I do it over

concerning that, and I shall mention me in all those years how I ought to again, I would use many more occanames with no apology. conduct myself, but I knew how I sions before the last embers died, to

Looking back to my beginnings as should. I knew what he expected withstand there and tell my boys of the liv-

a deacon there was a man who stood out his saying a word. There came a ing Christ and of the goodness of him

out in my life. At the time I was not time in our young lives when there in these days to reveal himself to the

particularly conscious of it, although was a crisis in our school as against boy Prophet.

even then it seems to me the Lord's another school, when there had to be What can teach observance of the

Spirit whispered to my spirit that here honor vindicated. We knew that when Sabbath day more effectively than the

was one whom I should follow. He the time came Adam Bennion would quiet ways of the leader as he guides

was my Uncle Fred. You know him vindicate our honor; we knew he could his boys in the breaking of camp on

better as Bishop Thomas A. Clawson, do nothing else, because he was that Saturday evening. As he lets them out

who was for so many years bishop kind of man. of the car at each home his cheery,

of the Eighteenth Ward. He ordained Those are three men, scoutmasters, "See you tomorrow in priesthood meetme a deacon. I used to go to priestout of many who without saying words ing"is a powerful sermon. Conversely

hood meetings on Monday night with influenced lives. the noise of wheels turning against the

my cousin Cannon Young and my Now, you work with boys. Let me pavement on Sunday is louder than

brother Hiram. We would sit in pretell you several subtle things which any words of advice.

liminary exercises. Uncle Fred did not you can do, if you believe them, or And finally, I would be remiss indeed

say much of anything to us, but each can do them as though you believe if I did not teach them to talk to their evening, before we were dismissed to them, which will immeasurably increase Father in heaven. Campfire programs

go to class, his eye caressed each one the work and the happiness and the and camping out programs and hikes of us individually, and those eyes, as joy of the boyhood of this Church. and trips, when boys are away from

they met ours, seemed to say, "Good When Sunday morning comes along, home, put them on their own as to work, boys. We are glad you are here."Mr. Scoutmaster, will you be found whether they shall talk to their Father

His serene countenance, as he sat sitting in the class with the deacons, or not. They can do it individually,

there, seemed to be the assurance to or will you be so anxious about your as I have suggested, in groves, but me that all was well in Zion so far own salvation that you will be up in they must do it collectively at times.

as I was concerned. It was not words the elders'or the seventies'or the high I should like to ask you one favor.

that did it, it was the fact that he was priests'quorum? I advise you to feel There has been given to the Boy

that kind of man. Sometimes, I wish the importance of these young men {Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1954 911 Christ,"thus bearing their witness that

S. Dilworth Young Continued they believe in his holy name. That

is the kind of prayer we ought to have

Scout organizations, I think righteouslyMy fellow Scout leaders, at your campour Latterday Saint Scouts say. For

enough, a pattern of prayer which is fires and in your dismissals, teach your its kind, I have no objection to the other, used throughout scouting, and which, boys that the Lord is not a great Scoutbut we have our kind which is better.

while all right for the boys of other master. He is our God. When you It makes boys vocally free and can

faiths, does not belong in our groups. I pray to him and when they pray to be given inspirationally to fit many

can repeat it in about ten words; it is him, address him as he suggested himoccasions.

very short. I say it with all reverence self. Let them say, "Our Father, which My testimony is that God lives,

both toward the Lord and respect toward art in heaven,"asking for the favors and that he who sits on this stand, the men who think it is a good prayer: of the night, for the protecting care, presiding, is his prophet and his serv-

"May the great Scoutmaster of all good for love and peace at home, and for ant. I would that all the boys in our

Scouts be with us until we meet again,*'all things concerning which they should care will develop the same testimony they say, and then they dismiss the inquire. Then let them always close with the help of their leaders, in the

boys to go to bed. it by saying, "In the name of Jesus name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

BOOK OF mormon

Evidences

by Milton R. Hunter

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

Since the day that the Angel Moroni torians; and third—writings of Catholic mon times, and some of them were

gave the gold plates to the Prophet padres of the sixteenth and seventeenth originally erected several hundred years

Joseph Smith from which he transcenturies, which writers secured their following the close of Nephite history.

lated and published the Book of Morinformation firsthand from the Indians. Then you may ask, "What evidence do

mon, vast amounts of marvelous American archaeology had its birth these ancient ruins give to sustain the evidences have accumulated. These shortly before the death of the Prophet Book of Mormon?"

evidences sustain the divine authenticity Joseph Smith. John Lloyd Stephens I shall answer as follows: The Book

and truthfulness of that holy ancient had visited Guatemala, Honduras, and of Mormon claims that great civilizarecord. Yucatan, had come back to the United tions lived in ancient America. In fact,

Also, during the same period of time, States, and had written a glowing rethat sacred record points out that three enemies of truth and light have done port of the beautiful temples, pyramids, separate peoples came to America in everything within their power to oppose and other archaeological remains which ancient times and established their civithe trying prove to Book of Mormon, of dotted the jungles Central America lizations. as These peoples were known

that are false. its claims of these Some the time and Mexico. of the Jaredites, 1 From Nephites, and Mulekites. The

men, no doubt, were merely misled; publishing of Stephens'books forward, best archaeologists at the present time

but the majority of them did what they the governments of Mexico, Central claim that many of the archaeological did with evil intent. The result has America, and portions of South America, remains that have been excavated were

been tbat all of their works have come as well as archaeological organizations built over earlier temples, pyramids, to naught. The evil results of their from the United States and her neighand other buildings, connoting earlier

efforts have vanished as the dew on bors to the south, have spent vast civilizations; and in many respects

earth's verdure vanishes in the presence amounts of money, and have exerted an these earlier peoples were more highly of the rising sun. Thus, the Book of untold amount of effort at numerous developed, or more civilized, than were

Mormon stands today in higher repute of these archaeological sites. Also, conthe people who erected the buildings of

than ever before in the history of the siderable work has been done in rethe archaeological remains that are now

Church. None of its claims have been constructing the ancient buildings. In extant; for example, Miguel Covarrubias,

proven to be false. On the other hand, reconstructing these marvelous pyraspeaking the views of the Mexicana vast accumulation of evidences—some mids, temples, and other archaeological archaeologists, places the La Venta site

of which speak as it were from the ruins, the archaeologists and their within the period of 200 B. C. to 300 A.

dust and others from the ancient past helpers have placed the stones as far D. To quote from this writer:

continue to bear witness to the divinity as possible back as they were when the of this sacred book and to its truthfulancient Americans first erected the Everywhere there are archaeological ness. buildings. The result is that today the treasures that lie hidden in the jungles

soil the rich and under of southern Vera City of north Mexico country from of doubt, Beyond the Book a shadow burial Cruz, pyramids, mounds masterand is literally dotted to Chile diof southward is the a word of God, Mormon fully colossal carved of basalt, monuments sites, archaeological with numerous the preservedvine book, and sacred by statuettes splendid of precious jade, and

Lord and his holy angels to come forth many of which have been excavated by sensitively modeled figurines of clay, all of in the latter days as a new witness to archaeologists. an unprecedented, high artistic quality. The

Jesus Christ and the gospel which he Before proceeding further, I desire to tantalizing presence of a great and remote proclaimed. point out, definitely, that the majority past in what is now uninhabited, impeneis all trable jungle the bepuzzling more that ruins have of archaeological the I shall point of the astoundout some archaeologists cause agree that now many postdate of Morlisting excavated Book been evidences,ing Book of Mormon artistic of these masterpieces date back

under threethem to era. of the beginnings the Christian Apijohn Incidents Travel Stephens, of in CenLloyd evidences;archaeological pearing of suddenly out in a state nowhere Incidents major headings:second—testifirst tral (1841): Yucatan Chiapas, and America,

monies of sixteenth century Indian hisof travel in Yucatan (1843). of full development, they constitute a cul912 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ture that seems to have been the root, the duras. 9 Coatl is the ancient Mexican is extensively used in decorating all of

mother culture, from which the latter and word for serpent. 10 their buildings.

betterknown (Maya, Totonac, Zapotec, etc.) The Book of Mormon gives a beautiful Also, the Mayas decorated their buildcultures sprang.

This oldest of native American high culaccount of Christ's appearance to the ings with another motif or symbol tures is also the newest, since it was "disNephites following his crucifixion and that of a bearded white man wearing 11 latter carvings years quetzal feathers.covered"the only a few The he gave them To ago 2 and still resurrection.

scientificawaits exhaustive study. (Quetpriests of of Kukulcan salvation, true gospel plan the represented and

people lived in almost perfect righteouszalcoatl), or probably Kukulcan himLatter-day Saints know that the three ness for over two hundred years. Cerself. They are definitely not of Inoldest "native American high cultures"tainly Christ's visit constituted one of dian type but are of Hebraic type. To

were the Jaredite, Nephite, and Mulekthe greatest events, if not the greatest, quote Theodore Arthur Willard:

ite cultures, the latter two fitting well that transpired in ancient America.

is period. the dissidelight thewithin interesting Venta La... An of the the apostasy Following Nephites

of of cast some countenance tinctly Semitic site, loarchaeological Venta La The the religion true the from Lamanites and sculptures found murals and ancient of the of of the coast the Gulfcated near Mexof of the the extermination Master and citin Itza old other at Chichen and Maya ico, Dr. excavated by Matthew was W. civilization the (about Nephite 400 A. poise ies. serene face of dignity and The

is credited 19391940.Stirling in He likenesses or D.), or the retained painted Lamanites Indians of carved those

this culture dating fromwith is strikingly Hebraic."their traditions 450 B.C. in the ap- a memory of

archaeologto 600 A. D. 3 made an He to pearance Savior of the resurrected

ical find there of great importance, a their forefathers. This whitebearded The marvelous archaeological finds at

carving of a statue of a man which reGod, according to one tradition, came Palenque in the Usumacinta Valley of portrayal Egyptianof cross usual especially the the and the oneminds air, to the the people through and as 4 figure burials, of the ruins This the had a full famous"Uncle Sam."type the to earth sunrays descended he

flowing beard and an aquiline nose, sparkled on his beautiful white body Old Mayan Empire in Honduras and constituting a good representation of a and clothing. The quetzal bird as it Guatemala—especially those at Copan,

Hebrew priest. Covarrubias described flew through the air reminded the peoUaxactun, and Quirigua, all bear testithe figure as one representing a person ple of the glorious beauty and radiant mony to the Book of Mormon's claims

surprising in ancient lived pronounced that high civilizationshaving "... splendor of the whitebearded God who

5 Stirling points out Sylvanus G. features."Semitic The late Dr. their ancestors; to had appeared and America.

that the figure is depicted as wearing so they added a pagan touch to that Morley maintained that the Maya his- "... its as as early pointed, beginning upturned tory 300 odd, shoes with had selecting event the memorable most by

15 6 exface history that preMaya shoes the thetoes."Neither B. C. and nor beautiful of prized the bird highly and

1(J of to B.C. tends beard back 3000 "Uncle about flowing The Sam"and as the quetzal, a symbol World, New

earlier of representation in the date reach a wouldcould have been a of Christ. Also, former the white or Jesus God,

7 it latter history, part of but, as stated, the Indian; Nephite andredskinned coatl, or serpent, an ancient symbol was

strongly resembles a Jewish priest of of Israel's Anointed One. Thus, the would extend to the beginnings of

preChristian times. Indians commemorated their whiteJaredite history.

Dr. Stirling also found in southbearded God with the symbol of When one considers all of the wonwestern Mexico at Izapa a stone covered "Quetzalbird serpent"or Quetzalderful archaeological remains in Mexico,

with carvings which have been intercoatl. 12 Honduras, Guatemala, and Central

preted by Dr. M. Wells Jakeman of Traditions existed among practically America, and those of South America,

Brigham Young University as a repreevery American Indian tribe, especially one comes to the conclusion that those sentation of Lehi's dream of the "Tree the more civilized peoples of Peru, Cenof the northern hemisphere do not surof Life,"recorded in 1 Nephi 8:1-38. To tral America, Guatemala, Yucatan, and pass the marvelous archaeological ruins

quote Dr. Jakeman: Mexico, to the effect that their ancesfound in Peru, Ecuador, Bolivia, and

tors were visited by a whitebearded Colombia. Numerous buildings have

. to this of sculpture resemblance reexcavated of been and some them their culture, their gave God, them who

acbe cannot account ofthe.Book. the Mormon constructed. of graves have Thousands civilization, their religion, and and who

.. establishes It practicallycidental.... been been opened from have and them rethat promised he someday would.... the between connection historicalan

artistic beautiful taken the most and tratheir to descendants. turn These priests responsible American Centralancient

silver, in gold, workings copper, and for conquest easy the account the ditions of people the Lehi sculpturefor the and precious stones kinds. of various 17 Also, accurate and the but, Indeed, Peru; imof of Mexico and more Mormon!Book

detailed knowledge of Lehi's vision... disportant, they all bear witness to Christ's from those graves have been taken the

played by these priests in this sculpture, appearance to the ancient Americans, most finely woven, beautiful laces, the identification their only explained by becan gorgeous most cloths, and cotton wool in the accounted Mormon. Book of people. 8 as Lehi the of group actualas an linen."fact, "finetwined and In interest to of special Also, members

various archaeologists that the maintain of are of Christ the the Jesus Church Saints Latterday interest to special Of has races world of people no known archaeological beautiful famous and located Quetzalcoatl, of is temple the surpassed the predecessors of the who at especially those in ruins Yucatan, City. of Mexico north at Teotihuacan, civilization Inca in these various handiItza, Kabah. Uxmal, and Chichen The serpents'- is with decorated templeThis crafts. of maintain that Some them other temples, pyramids, massive and feathers. quetzal with surroundedheads, earliest the civilizaSouth American durerected structures important were bird beautiful of a is theQuetzal name 18 as tion far dates as back B.C.; 3000 constitut- A.D., century tenth ing the feathers, long, green resplendentwith for example, states: A. Verrill Hyatt of the ing the workmanship Mayan New in Honand Guatemala mainlyfound

as Yucatan, of Empire. Mayas Those the Despite art, high attainment in engiCovarrubias, Isthmus Mexico South—The 2Miguel worof Teotihuacan, Toltecs the had 7980. (1946), neering, pp. Tehuantepec astronomy of and government which

Civilizations Verrill, Americas'Ancient Hyatt 3A. whitebearded God, the shiped whom Aztecs, were reached the Incas, the by the

100. p. (1953), carved Kukulcan. called They they others, in a and these Mayas way unknown, Stirling, Geographic National Maga4Matthew W.

327- R. Hunter Milton and p. (Sept., their 1940), buildingszine forgotten races of to motifs Kukulcan on South America were more

the America Ancient Ferguson, and StuartThomas remarkable, far unquestionably were at and at and to Teotihuacan those similar 173. 133135, pp. Mormon, ofBook

ancient. the district in more Chibcha From cit., 90. i.e., op. p. 5Covarrubias, sites, the plumed other Mexican

cit., 327. p. op. "Stirling, to Chile, 13 northern races Colombia numerous serpent fact, the In serpent. plumed 21, p. Ancient Morley, Maya, G. The 7Sylvanus civilized state, to rose a vanished were and people. a hairy are not The menstates: Maya "The

cit., 195222. 199, all, op. Ferguson, or at pp. "Hunter and moustaches beards and noeither have following (Continued page) on

101111. cit., Verrill, op. 10lbid., 199; of parts pp. other while sparse ones, meager, veryonly

11 420453. to chapters is 28, of "3 case Nephi, pp. less the Amerihair thantheir have body

Willard, Arthur Aztecs the Vaillant, Ban14Theodore 52; p. Mexico, City The of Sacred of C. majorfacts true the George with hold whites."same Thecan

ff.; 21:8-9; 36. vol. 511 p. p. croft, Well, 2, Races, Numbers Nativeity Indians. of

cit., 14. in BibliFarbridge, op. p. Studies 3:1415; H. Maurice Morley, of Life Tree Unusual John Jakeman, "An Wells 8M.

44. 38, lelbid., Fergu- p. Hunter and 25; Symbolism, cal pp. Bulletin Semitic America,"Central and of AncientSculpture from

cit., 183195. cit., Verrill, 67. "Verrill, op. 195222; cit., op. p. op. son, pp. pp. Society (March, Archaeological 1953), pp.University

ff. 174175, 183, 210. mbid., 101 Ibid., p. pp.2649.

DECEMBER 1954 913 tiful which was located on the southMilton II. Hunter Continued eastern shores of Arabia or "bordering

on Babylonia"; and from that place they

forgotten centuries before the first Montethus archaeology speaks as it were from set sail for America. 28

zuma or the first Inca saw the light of day.19 the dust, verifying the Book of MorThe Totonicapdn also claims that God

a prophetleader rule, a general original As their find race a to gave when we of the to be God. word be mon true—to

excelling in art or occupation one some GironGagal, called we instrument, peculiar verifying the second evidences The find the deficient people in art other some people the of which the power through I discuss of shall Book which Mormon 29 industry,or the but to appear have Chimus One home. their to guided now were century sixteenth are of writings the the

all textiles, of masters trades.been Their was is of which the Liahona reminded historians. Spanish the Indian Whenespecially laces, their were marvelous 30 examLefii. Father to the Lord given by padres the conquistadores Catholic and ofples their weaving, and mosaic and the book, QuicheMaya Another Yucatan, conqueringmotherof-pearl Mexico exquisite. and were work was Many

specimens of these are truly wonderful exthey found that the Indians had many Popol Vuh, much more detailed than 1554 written between Totonicapdn, was of this art. highlyamples developed There Inlibraries. of the Many books—large printed its presentare In A. vases, cups, D. utensils, ceremonial ear and 1558 write to read and dians and knew how

plugs, breastplates, two over utensils, it is objects containing a wooden book form, their civilized were than were more of of clay are that highly andmade bone the It be termed pages. might hundred to order In Europe. conquerors from artisticallyand most embellished with of history their and account Lamanite natives'far possible the as as destroy of inlavmosaic motherof-pearl, the red is the of as religion, the Book Mormon the civilization do with what away and shell, colored stoneSpondylus precious and book, this Regarding account. Nephite Indians'metals. their of fathers "the termed robes Catholic and ponchos Many wrote: de Bourbourg Brasseurof textiles magnificent are completely covpadres Catholic the paganism,"wicked

of silver, gold,ered with ornaments mothercould they all of that books the burned writappears been to have Popol The Vuhofpearl sections of bright and sea colored libraries. destroying the find, completely anfollowing part, in ten, memory, fromshells in arranged so charming patterns resulted of act terrible vandalism part, from in copied as This originals, cient and effectto of give cloth. the a mosaic

... This of loss Quiches, the terrific to understanding our books sacred a the in

also skilled were highly carvThey wood of is in a Quiche written manuscript... their of Indians history of the the and

isers scarcely there object and a wooden have author the elegance, must great and ancestors.

.. isthat not carved. handsomely They family, royal of of princes the the one been

It three fortunate, that however, was of developed a uniquehad weaving. method arit after the years a few composed who

into written orfeathers excellent feather cloth manuscripts thus four producing by all their of of rival the Spaniards, when 1 etc., tunics,robes, are coverings, that first head cenhistorians during Indian the disappearing."ancient were books

... in design. colorgorgeous and their of Spaniards tury contact the with

Even in their ordinary metal work the escaped the ruthless destruction. These The Popol Vuh was first translated

Chimus exhibited the greatest skill and a writings have been translated into Enginto English by Delia Goetz and Sylartistic cast, taste. Metals weremost emlish years. several past 1950. in during the published and Morley G. vanus

etched, pressed, engraved,bossed, hammered, Inthis In the QuicheMaya book writings of these important was One built into or forms innumerablespun by up of account give of an dians Guatemala in in 1554, the QuicheMaya produced fact soldering. every Inwelding and means 32 of world, of the creation the artiof to Indian language and Guatemala, metalsof working modern known 34 33 20 flood, of the origin ". the of man, thesans dignitaries Chimus. employed by was kings signed and the by

35 24 of the tongues, of of confusion the and is as It court."of. the. Quiche known

sea across the of ancestors their that the coming It is to Book be recalled Title Lords of the of Totonicapdn. of the 36 the It also East. the mentions perito the history is confinedMormon Indians, from of request the Quiche At the

od between the building of the Tower Dionisio Jose Chonay, a Catholic priest, fact that the colonizers were guided to of Babel and 421 A. D., the period durtranslated the document from the their new home by a peculiar instruing which the ancient Americans made Quiche language into Spanish in 1834. ment, called PizomGagaV"(the Liathe in many Thus Popol Vuh variin thetheir greatest achievements It into English first translated by hona). was

the teachings of the items sustains more Veras described Mr. byous handicrafts in 1953. Goetz Delia and published

beautiful account found and complete ril.I. recall the that Also, should we pubDr. Wells Jakeman However, M.

of in the Book Mormon. as claims of suchBook made Mormon extracts the in English lished from

third Indians the written book by A follows: this the in being version 1945, Spanish

of the Guatemala, Annals CakThe of first of this that had work any time to also chiquels, teachbears witness the all of Jaredites had] manner [The... English. in Totonicapdn appeared The writsilks, of ings of of fine thefruit, of grain, Book of Mormon. and and and The

of the Quicheancestors the that claims of silver, of oflinen, ers, and a and Indians, the and Cakchiquel were gold,1 Mayas things."precious I shall of the QuicheMayas. branch

also Mulekites had Nephites and [The this writing: from quote

... of part the other the from came all of things whatsoabundance]an...

rises, place the a ocean, sun where from... abundance in stood theyever I shall first stories of write the need—and fathour Boun- [meaning called Tuldn, Civdn Pa Pa things, precious of silver, of gold,of and and.. ers grandfathers, that the and from

... the tiful] they where from came and silk finetwined of and abundanceand of side other sea to the the place.came we 22linen, Israel, of of rises, the same descendants sun cloth. all of homely good mannerand.. called [Bountiful], Tulan

.. they the customs language and same. 20 then four Thus,.families were we who of Jacob. and sons were Abraham read: Again we at arrived Tulan, the peoCakchiquel we

ple, so sons! oh, told us. they our

of Totonicapdn authors the then And of all gold there manner behold, was And in both these lands, and of silver, and close their account as follows: The greatest book of the Indian writof precious ore of every kind; and there ings of the sixteenth century is the

of September twentyeighth the on did work Now also workmen, curious whowere Ixtlilxochitl, written of about Works attestation in this sign of which 1554 we it; we thus refine of did and oreall and kinds A. Aztec prince 1600 D. by an named tradition our that by which written have rich. didthey become Ixtlilxochitl lived of near the City who other the us, told from ancestors came who spin, toil did and their Behold women 39 writer Mexico. This Indian claimed bording of the CivanTulan, part from fineof of cloth, all manner did makeand sea,23 (Continued Babylonia. on page 916) to on kind, of every cloth linen andtwined

their nakedness.clothe 17:5-7. Ibid.,

perfect all are in statements These 170. op. cit., 'Totonicapdn, p.

16:10; 37:3841. Nephi Alma the l archaeological claims these all of with the agreement made in Certainly 31 Brasseur Bourbourg, de cited in Popol Vuh, p. 21. 27 recall the vPopol with Book of MorBook fit well 8190. of Mormon. Vuh, pp.remains We should

mon claims regarding the Jaredite, that Nephi and his brethren built their '"Ibid.,Ibid., pp.p. 90.8689.

Nephite, and Mulekitc civilizations; ship at a place which they named BounIbid., p. 36.

mbid., pp. 18, 7980.

the Title of p. 148. mbid.,

169170. Ibid., 154157. pp. *>Ibid., pp. Lords of Totonicapdn, p. 164. flbid.,mThe Annalsp. 205.of the Cakchiquels (tr. from Cakchi21Ether 9:17. xlbid., p. 194; Hunter and Ferguson, op. cit., quelMaya into Eng. by Adrian Recinos and Delia

see 4:6. =aAlma 1:29;

6:11, 13; see Mosiah 10:5. pp.27 1 8, Nephi5664, 17:40.70, 8084, 250. Goetz,39Hunter1953),andpp.Ferguson,4344. op. cit., pp. 1-450. 25Helaman

914 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. X-g ii * Ml3L

r is KiiPI

H.. 2|&

* St* -

And KSL Radi

Entertainment King

in the Mountain West

9f%mb0:

* T 1).'-: ':i '''xj JVcttllU—C.BSfor the Mountain

DECEMBER 1954 915 in 15521553, said of the Indians of

Milton R. Hunter Continued Guatemala that

.. information they them among had settledthat while ancient crucifixion of Christ's period the America by was

world, of the of the flood end. the of and "... distinctive time of people. Ixtlilxochitlthree at states groups the same The

. Butic. another that believe so they and

. first settlers, durOnes, the our suffered, Christ Ancient termed Lord when flood is another is to which about. come

is First or year."Tultecs, first Giants,the the he the days.There. ing the of of but of water, not judgment, and

Inthis Babelclaimed fire from heaven whereby came under the Tower of no way they say will be the end of the which facts tonof ofat the time such the confounding could have dian... iS known world.

gues. They came to this land across except through direct revelation from

the sea from the East. Many details the Lord or from records which were Las Casas found an abundance of

of their history are given by Ixtlilxochitl in hi.s possession. He claimed the latteachings among the Indians which rewhich correspond closely to the Jaredite ter. sembled Christian doctrine, and so he

history in the Book of Ether. Some authors are prone to discredit concluded that the devil had arrived in

The second group of settlers Ixtlilxothe writings of Ixtlilxochitl and the other America ahead of the Christians and chitl called the Tultecs. His account Indian historians on the grounds that implanted in the minds and hearts of

of these people, although much briefer, they could have been influenced by the the natives many teachings closely akin corresponds very closely to the account Spanish Catholic priests. It is a fact to Christianity. 46 Since the Book of

given in the Book of Mormon of the of great significance, however, that these Mormon peoples had a thorough knowlNephites, event after event agreeing in Indian writers recorded numerous hisedge of the gospel, some of the divine the principal points. He even tells of torical facts, as well as items pertaining truths would naturally be handed down

the last great wars between the two to the social and religious teachings and from age to age, probably in altered people with dates almost identical with customs of their ancestors, of which the forms.

those recorded in the Book of Mormon. Catholic padres could have had no Diego de Landa, a prominent SpanThe third people, whom Ixtlilxochitl knowledge save only through possessing ish missionary in Yucatan, writing in

called Olmecs and who are identified the Book of Mormon or comparable about 1556, says that, according to the as the Mulekites, exterminated the last records. Such writings of the Catholic Mayas, "... the world was destroyed

of the first colonizers. This event repriests did not have; but the Indians did by a deluge."47 He also stated:

minds one of Coriantumr, the last Jarepossess records and traditions of their dite, who lived for nine months with ancestors, which resulted in their writSome of the older people of Yucatan say the Mulekites before his death. Ixtlilxoings comparing so favorably with the that they have heard from their ancestors

of a race occupied this by land that was together tells of chitl the merging even of Book Mormon.

East the and from people whom came who (Nephitesof Tultecs Olmecs the and I that I suggested third item The true, If this were delivered.... had God of the Mulekites) dominance andand sixis of the writings the discuss all inhabitants would that the follows it necessarily is in culture, Tultecs'of 48 the which missionaries of the Jews. Indies descendants are of Catholic the century teenth of the Book agreementcomplete with

directly from their information got who account.Mormon misSpanish a de Torquemada, Juan Indians. the

entire the Throughout Works of first in book sionary Mexico was whose these of important of the most One point, after inIxtlilxochitl, point both de- A. D., in 1613 in Spain published Sahagun. de Bernardino writers He was are doctrine, history reasonably ". and..... put the ancients that clared to A. 1590 1529 lived in from Mexico events historical to the comparable [ie., in things inscribed] or wrote many in scholarly his work produced D. and of of the teachings Book Mormon.and of another metal, and columns, one two sixteenth of latter the part the in Aztec 49 illustration, of for the purposeMerely reIt stone."or brick be of should 42 reliable is It the of most one century. I quotation give shall from one their inscribed that Nephites the called concerning reports comprehensive and terrific tells Ixtlilxochitl. of the He plates. history metal on It America. was of ancients Middle the at time place the took that destruction quotes Torquemada's Harold Gladwin in 1829, first and in Spanish published follows: crucifixion, as of Christ's the of clothing the description by worn it pubof portions have been since then

It was 166 years since they had adjusted lished in English. Sahagun states: Olmecs and then comments that the

their years and times with the equinox, and description of the garb reminds one robes of Biblical times in "... of the peoples, deof these origin since the Ancient been the270 had Ones Concerning

50 the Palestine."[ofstroyed, central Mexico] the sun and report the when moon the old men

eclipsed, and the earth trembled, and the give is that they came by sea... in some I have given some strong evidence

other broke, things androcks and boats. many wooden

. in place,.. Thissigns took happened by a report found...amongBut itall istheseconjecturednatives toriansfrom archaeology,of the sixteenthfrom century,Indian hisand

that of adjusting caves, ce Colli, which, andthe seven year they from this that came of the sixteenth padres Catholic or from ships ours, are seven the to be comes at the same withcount caves seven these the all corroborates century, which first this of settlers Christ suffered, and our Lord thetime galleys in which when they say it happened during the first days land came,... claims made by the Book of Mormon;;

of the year.* The people first... came coasting along however, the greatest testimony we have:

the coast disembarking in the port of of the Book of Mormon is the book itWe recall that in 3 Nephi it is writPanuco, which they called Panco, which self, especially Moroni's testimony andi ten: means "place where those arrived who admonition, which reads as follows:

crossed the water."This people came in

And it came to pass in the thirty and search of the terrestrial paradise, and they And when ye shall receive these things, I fourth year, in the first month, on the fourth had as a family name Tamoanchan, which would exhort you that ye would ask God, the day of the month, there arose a great storm, means "we are looking for our home."*3 Eternal Father, in the name of Christ, if

if shall true; are things ye not these and in been as known never tells hadsuch an history which Recall the Jaredite one41 intent, real heart, sincere with a ask withall land. the ocean the forefathers crossed that the

will the faith Christ, manifest in he having ".. land of the search eight in in barges it of of the the truth you, power unto by acof the then Book Mormon And 51 all choice of.above promise, was which Ghost. Holy description a continues with 44count of Sahagun's earth."the other lands have'of Saints Latterday Thousands place took that terrific destructionof the proofs which give writings numerous test to the and exhortation that put cross and the on hanged Christwhile of history the sustain the teachings and (Continued on page 918) for prevailed darkness which intensethe perwill of not but time Book Mormon, lay Casas, Apologetica Historia de Las de Bartolome Master's body the while daysthree here. of giving mit them more las Indias, Cap. CCXXXV. the that Book Observe tomb.in the cit., op. Ferguson, 222. p. and 4BHunter a Casas, Las de Bartholome Bishop this event of las cosas Relation Landa, time de de the Yucade gives 47Diegoof Mormon writing missionary, Catholic tr. prominent 93. Alfred Tozzer, p. (Eng. 1941), by M. tan the of first year and the theas month iSlbid., p.

Historia during de Cosas Las Sahagun, de de 4aBernardino of Indiana, de Torquemada,16. and the Monarquia 49Juan month Tomofourth day

Nueva Espana, cited in Hunter and Ferguson, op. I, p. 255.

Works of Ixtlilxochitl, in Hunter and Ferguson, cit., pp. 3031. 'Harold S. Gladwin, Men out of Asia (1947), p..

Ibid., 413 Nephip. 190.8:5 ff. "Seembid. Ether 1:42; 2:7, 15; 6:5, 12. '305.51Moroni 10:4.

916 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA mm

SUGAR

A big measure of holiday pleasure comes wrapped in the U and I Sugar packages.

Homemade holiday sweets, cakes, cookies and candies made with pure

U and I Sugar add to the spirit of

friendliness and good will that prevails

at Christmas time. Next time you're at

your grocers, get an extra bag or carton of pure U and I Sugar.

sugar 4

DECEMBER 1954 917 to put Moroni's exhortation to the test;

Milton R. Hunter Continued and I promise that if it is done with

real intent, having a true desire to reknow as they know that they are alive heart, sometimes coming so forcefully ceive a testimony, and having faith in that the Book of Mormon is true. When that I was filled with emotion to the Christ, God will reveal through the

I was a child and first heard the stories extent that tears ran down my cheeks. Holy Ghost a testimony of the truthfulof the Book of Mormon, the Holy Ghost As I read the Book of Mormon now, the ness of the Book of Mormon to each

touched my heart and bore a sweet Holy Ghost still bears testimony to me one.

witness to it of the divine authenticity that it is the word of God. May God bless the honest in heart

of that ancient record. I knew then as I know that the Book of Mormon is throughout the entire world that they

I knew that I was alive that the Book one of the greatest books in the world. will study the Book of Mormon and

of Mormon is true, is divine, is a saIt contains the gospel of Jesus Christ receive a testimony; and may he bless

cred record of the inhabitants of ancient to the Jews and to the Gentiles. It is the members of the Church that we will

America. As I grew older, I read the a new witness to Christ and the great study this sacred book and live in acbook many times, and each time the work which he performed. I challenge cordance with its teachings, I humbly

same sweet testimony came into my any honest man or woman in the world pray, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Sunday Afternoon, October 3, 1954

Our Duty

As Citizens

by Ezra Tafp Benson OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

'y beloved brethren and sisters and I am very grateful I have received a were placed in the Garden of Eden, friends: I deem this a signal honor, witness from the Almighty that at the and recall that this garden was here in

a truly great privilege, but a sobpresent time, at least, I am serving America, that it was here also whereMering responsibility. I pray for the inwhere he wishes me to serve. I have Adam met with a body of great high

spiration of heaven and for an interest never had any doubts of that fact since priests at Adamondi-Ahman shortly bein your faith and prayers. My heart is that early morning hour when I met our fore his death and gave them his final

full to overflowing with gratitude for great leader, my beloved associate, Presiblessing, and that to that same spot he the blessings which we enjoy and which dent David O. McKay, on the parking is to return again to meet with the

are mine. I thank God that in his lot of the Church Office Building, and leaders of his people, his children

infinite wisdom he has seen fit to call he made the statement to me, "My when I contemplate, my brethren and these great conferences of the Church. mind is clear. I know what the Lord sisters, that here in this land will be

No one, I am sure, has benefited more wants you to do."established the New Jerusalem, that here

richly from these conferences than I So, my brethren and sisters, I am in this land will Zion be built—when

have. I have literally received a spirithappy in the assignment which is mine. I contemplate that prophets of God

ual uplift, for which I am most grateMy one fear, and my one anxiety is anciently served here in this land, and ful to my heavenly Father. that I may inadvertently sometime do that the resurrected Christ appeared

In addition to attending the confersomething or say something that will unto them—and when I contemplate

ence, I have had the glorious privilege cast an unfavorable light or bring disthat the greatest of all visions, the comof spending an hour or so in meditation credit upon the Church and kingdom of ing of God the Father, and the Son in the temple of God to the east of us. God and the people whom I love so to the boy Prophet in our day took

I humbly acknowledge the sustaining dearly, and upon this great nation place in this land, my heart fills with power of my heavenly Father throughwhich we all love. I pray that this gratitude that I am privileged to live

out my entire life, for which I am most may never happen. here, and that I have the honor and

grateful, and particularly for his sus- I love this nation of which we are a pleasure of not only serving in the also of serving in govChurch, but thetaining power during the last twenty it another is not just part. To me

I of this great land. considermonths. just family ernment nation, of a not a member

I am grateful for the faith, the love, of nations. It is a great and glorious it an honor and privilege.

and the confidence of my associates in nation with a divine mission and it has I am grateful for the Founding Faththe General Authorities; for the support been brought into being under the iners of this land and for the freedom

of my wife and family; for the prayers spiration of heaven. It is truly a land they have vouchsafed to us. I am grateand the support of the Saints of Zion, choice above all others. I thank God ful that they recognized, as great leaders

as well, as the millions of good people for the knowledge which we have reof this nation have always recognized, outside the Church. I know I shall garding the prophetic history and the that the freedom which we enjoy did

never be able to express adequately the prophetic future of this great land of not originate with the Founding Fathgratitude I feel for those who have so America. ers; that this glorious principle, this

loyally and so helpfully sustained and When I contemplate the great events great boon of freedom and respect for supported me with their love, confidence, that have transpired here, going way the dignity of man, came as a gift and prayers. back to the days when our first parents {Continued on page 920)

918 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The young adul A special loved one you're proud of would be A person who travels deserves the finest—a de luxe happy to own this Large Size would appreciate a complete

gift edition bound in beautiConcordance edition. Hand Scofield Bible small enough

ful, longwearing Sealskin. grained Morocco, half circuit, for the pocket or purse.

Half circuit, leather lined, leather lined, gold edges, %"Morocco, half circuit, leather gold roll, gold edges. Conthick. Blue, brown, green, malined, gold edges {no maps).

cordance edition. Large Size, roon, or red. $20.50 Only 3 5/s x 5 7/ie x %". $13.00

%"thick, $27.50 Also available in black, $20.00 Blue or red $13.50

Which of these Scofield

minister you know A REFERENCE Your Sunday School edition. this Looseleaf needs

Levant grain Morocco, divinor Church library could use ity circuit, leather lined. SpeBIBLES several of these durable study

cial Oxford India Paper edieditions. Buckram bound,

tion: 6% x 9 x VA". With 75 will you give this square corners, red edges, with

sheets of ruled bond notethe illustrated Oxford Cyclopaper. pedic $35.00 Large Concordance. Christmas?'"thick. Notepaper refills $2.00 $6.50 Size, l 5/8

THE SCOFIELD

REFERENCE BIBLE

contains the exclusive Scofield system of connected topical references to all the greater themes of Scripture, with annotations, revised marginal renderings, helps at difficult places, and explanations of seeming discrep22 ancies—with all helps on the

same page as the text to which they refer.

student Any Bible THE P,LGRIM with this Concordance editions contain a be delighted would

Dictionary Concordance, of Size ediConcordance Handy

Scripture Proper Names, and tion. limp, French Morocco,

Index. Subject

lined, leather gold roll, Vs"histhick, style $15.00. This editions Size t0al is Handy measure data nS lnd Jn c dex, also available the Large 7 lie". x and 434 in mPrehensive thick, 178x, Size: %"in $17.50

Size editions Large measure geS) gold s/x'P, 51/2 xSVa".

Numbers ending in x are printed ruMtsdersof'on Ultrathin Oxford India Paper.

we Jrutwriz&C fieldUnlessReferenceotherwise Biblesnoted, allcontainScoAT YOUR BOOKSELLERS yfta James JBiSle coloredatlas, andmapshavewithroundan indexedcorners OXFORD UNIVERSITY PRESS, Inc.

11 sikce 16J5 and red under gold edges. 114 Fifth Avenue, New York

DECEMBER 1954 919 Here again the God of heaven has

Ezra Taft Benson Continued given us guidance, as always, both in the revelations and in the word that has come from his living Oracles. He

from the Creator. The Founding he said, "to the laws and constitution has told us some of the things we must

Fathers, it is true, with superb genius... which I have suffered to be estabdo in order to preserve this freedom and

welded together the safeguards of these lished and should be maintained for safeguard the blessings we have today.

freedoms. It was necessary, however, the rights and protection of all flesh."May I refer to one of these revelations,

for them to turn to the scriptures, to (D. & C. 101:77.) And then he made a revelation given at a time when the

religion, in order to have this great this most impressive declaration: Lord was counseling the Saints to acexperiment make sense to them. And cept patiently their persecutions and

so our freedom is Godgiven. It anteAnd for this purpose have I established their hardships with the full assurance

dates the Founding Fathers. the Constitution of this land, by the hands that all these things would eventually

I this raised of wise unto up benefit. men whom for their and be good I grateful, too, brethren and am my purpose, the redeemed very land and by

sisters, fit state, that they to saw among of (Ibid., blood. 101:80.) the shedding converily I say unto you now, And things,other that truths these hold "we will it is of land, the the cerning laws my

to all selfevident, are be that men all to that people observe should do is It my Constitugratifying that the created equal, that they are endowed I whatsoever them. command of our things of by tions the other lands in many

their certain Creator with unalienable the that law of land which And are patterned in the Americas neighbors concannot which be of stitutional, principle supporting thatrights"—rights is conafter this divinelyappointed'very much

ferred rights privination, rights in or by any freedom maintaining and man of heavConstitution, the which God is justito all leges, belongs mankind, and of the only becan heaven God of this nathe founding directed in en fiable before (D. 98:4-5.) me. & C. libwhichstow—"that these are life, among therefore, It isn't tion. wonder, any

erty, pursuit of the happiness."and truly that It is Smith, the Prophet—a clear, sisvery brethren and my said, BrotherAs E. Thomas McKay great to the Conters, JosephAmerican—referring force, that the of disapproves Lord"not happiness, to the but opportunity said, stitution,

is It coercion, also intimidation. and earnpursue happiness."and

When the God of heaven said to one [It] is a glorious standard; it is founded verythat clearonly fromfree peoplethe historyare trulyof the happy.world

of his ancient prophets, "... is men a heavenly are, in of God. It the wisdom The revelation continues:

that they might have joy,"the... (Teachings 2:25) Prophet banner. (2 Ne. of

alsohe Joseph Smith, p. 147.) implied that have men should I, Therefore, justify the Lord, you, and

free if agency. might have joy They of brethren your church, in befriendmy

through their efforts and the wise exerYes, my brethren and sisters, we have ing the law which is the constitutional law cise of their free agency they lived to a rich heritage, but may I remind you of the land;

merit that joy. that nations ofttimes sow the seeds of And as pertaining to law of man, whatis soever less this, or of than more cometh endestruction while their even own will recall that You through Moses

evil. reaching before prosperity, eventhe that said cast Lord Satan out joying was

I, the free, Lord thereGod, you make power. of their the peak or zenith theof the great council in because heaven fore free are ye indeed; also the and law this that I indicates "clearly history think.. to destroyhe sought the agency free. maketh you

it that is case. appears the often When I,of the man, Lord. which God, had

given him."(Moses 4:3.) There is the all is well, ofttimes the very seeds of Then he points out this danger:source of free agency—"... which I, destruction are sown, sometimes unciviliza- great of the wittingly. Mostthe Lord God, had given him."

been of not tions the have world conpeopleNevertheless,mourn. (Ibid.,when 98:6-9.)the wicked rule the I rejoiced, have and my brethren until have they without from quered

sisters, that great years in recent our themselves from within by destroyed of us Those opportunity had the who hisleader raised has voice one from seeds of destruction. these sowing of traveling in wartorn at the Europe of this to other, the inend land andforeign countries, pointing out the great People who are willing—and we have end of the last war saw ample evidence

of in this to trade some them of befalls what people the wicked when country—blessings agency, of freedom and free

for security, are freedom sowing the are rise of to permitted to positions so clearly explaining source theand ". of seeds destruction.. deserve neither and leadership. wicked the whenof these priceless blessings.

freedom nor security. Yes, we have, rule the people mourn."Saith the

I am grateful for the Constitution of and have had for a good many years Lord, this land. I am grateful that the certain trends that strike, in my judgFounding Fathers made it clear that ment, at the very foundation of much Wherefore, honest men and wise men

our allegiance runs to that Constituthat we hold dear. There is not time should be sought for diligently, and good

tion and the glorious eternal principles to discuss these trends today, but I men and wise men ye should observe to embodied therein. Our allegiance does would like to emphasize that as nations uphold; otherwise whatsoever is less than

not run to any man, to a king, or a tend to enjoy higher and higher standthese cometh of evil. (Ibid., 98:10.)

dictator, or a president, although we ards of living, greater and greater comrevere and honor those whom we elect forts, greater and greater material blessNow that is a commandment to his to high office. Our allegiance runs to ings, there seems to be a tendency for Church and to his Saints. To me it

the Constitution and to the principles them to become more and more intermeans that we have a responsibility as embodied therein. The Founding ested in preserving their luxuries and Latterday Saints to use our influence so

Fathers made that clear and provided their comforts than in preserving and honest men and wise men and good well for checks and balances and safesafeguarding the ideals and principles men will be elected to public office in guards in an attempt to guarantee this that have made them great. In other the community, in the county, in the

freedom to those of us who live in this words, there is a tendency for them to state, and in the nation. To me this

land. become infected with the germs of decommandment of God is just as binding is the Latterday upon Saints the as morality. cadent of heaven I that the grateful God am tithing, of or law the of WisWord to look future the contemof and lit approval upAs we to stamp put hissaw or other dom, any commandment which responsibilities our as plate that American indicate to Constitution the andon of the us. heaven has given God

is citizens, the Latterday wise duty of whatit into through being come had read that As I for the first time some elders Saints? very of the is the duty raised unto this What he up whommen

I years thought, ago an indict- "What of Israel this in safeguarding in freedom Saints, even the askedpurpose. He

the dark days of their persecution and which has been purchased so dearly ment of corrupt wouldbe political hardship to continue to seek for rewith the blood of millions of our brothleaders in many parts of the world dress from their enemies "According,"ers and sisters who have gone before? (Continued on page 922)

920 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a

,........

"good Utahn"is a person who helps the more important than a man living in Utah people of our State. How can a farmer who who might own a thriving factory in Kansas.

doesn't even live in Utah fit that definition? The factory would help Kansas, where it

taxes and buy a payroll, pay would maintain To start with, the Kansas farmer is one little to the very supplies. mean But it wouldof 90,000 shareholders who own Kennecott

people of Utah.Copper. Because of Kennecott's Utah Copper

Division operations, he is in business in Utah. The Kansas farmer and his fellow KenHe pays wages, buys supplies and pays taxes necott shareholders who live throughout

in our State that enable all Utahns to enjoy America, are really Utah businessmen. The

a higher standard of living. benefits produced by their business help

every man, woman and child in Utah. It is the location of the Kansas farmer's

business, not his home, that makes him an That's what makes a Kansas farmer a important person to Utahns. Actually, he is "good Utahn."

yKrtc '/tjzu Kennecott Copper Corporation A Good Neighbor Helping to Build a Better Utah

DECEMBER 1954 921 The priesthood of the Church and

Ezra Talt Benson Continued kingdom of God who magnify their callings are good men. Of course there

will will opposition. be be conThere demagogues halftruths, in deal of who counsel living of the oracles God?

will misrepresentation. be There innuendos, falsehoods! the It and conviction, Here brethren and is my my

firm, for that stand however, flicts.We must God of heaven has pointed sisters, out the type that living these oracles are not

of men he wants elected to public office only authorized, but are obligated to which we believe to be right as measamong his people."It is not enough, give counsel to this people on any subured by these standards, for those things

my brethren and sisters, just to stand ject which is vital to the welfare of this which we know to be good and true, on the sidelines and criticize what is people and the upbuilding of the kingand the God of heaven will sustain us.

taking place, and to point the finger of dom of God. So, that measure should We have approaching us a great

election in this country. with My plea scorn at political It is leader. some it Is right be applied. as measured by

is sisters, today, brethren and my our job, duty, our responsibility and our the of counsel living the oracles of you to take an active interest in these matGod? that regardless of the political party

ters, and carry out the admonition and Fourthly, what will be the effect on with which you are affiliated, you will the commandment which God has given the morale and the character of the peoremember the standards which the God us to see to it that men of character ple if this or that policy is adopted? of heaven has given us, and that you

all of as will us influence use our and good all, as interested a Church we are of to the safeguard helping a means of the in building building and women, men men,gospel—areas measuredelectedby the tostandardspublic After

this of country, those noble and office. character, is because character the one * liberty

inspiraestablished the under So, today, like to I would throw out thing in take concepts we make this world and it that to tion of heaven. must see We a challenge to Israel, the elders of into next. with us the my never It must

brethren of the priesthood, that we put be sacrificed for expediency. honest men, good men, wise men, are

elected land, office to public in this forth an effort to prepare for ourselves So, brethren, the Lord's priesthood my all others, will choice above men who statesmanlike work. Prophet The a to has for mission libertyperform

their to protect influence use and as Joseph, will recall, you had someloving people everywhere. cannot, We that those strengthen basic concepts thing to say regarding the important than any more run Jonah of old, away

part which the elders of Israel would from our calling. If the people shall have made this nation great.

play in the safeguarding, if not the accept the Lord's solution of the world's In closing I quote these words from saving, of the Constitution of this land. problems, even as those who listened to J. E. Hamilton:

I recall the words of the Savior in a repentant Jonah, then all shall be leadership need a much now we How said, which he If well not, them. with they do howtell will that straight, truth the talk and ever, suffer will they consequences. the

... is about expedient, not what about but for the children this of... world are reponsibility, as in case, Jonah's Our is right, call everlastingly peowhat our and their in generation wiser the than children see to is to it that the people a have ple to for crusade pledge a it, and America light. of 16:8.) (Luke

chance to choose decisively after they to the defense of it, so that all nations will

it! that be convinced clearly need Lord's the been we mean shown way We I hope that will and pray wise have be we

will tell ignore the consequences, who men expects the and what Lord of them. as the of light, children as chilthe truth, the take long a and God. chance with effective provide must and courWe to dren revealed has these God whom

ageous, so Godinspired leadership that is glorious It truths. conviction my It is prayer great that the promises my the people labor among we may whom that this in only land, this under Godhave prophets the which been made by issues. wisely choose the between The inspired Constitution, environunder an of regarding this will land be God is theirs, choice providing the but them of it freedom, ment could have been realized will righteous a because people opportunity to right the a choose with possible to established have the Church their merit fulfilment. our do we May of revelations of knowledge the God of and kingdom restored the and God as citizens as duty the of and members living of the the Oracles, and counsel its in gospel It is fulness. reour it 'to see to that kind Church right the is that responsibility as our leaders in sponsibility, sisters, brethren to and my of office, are to people elected public priesthood. the is see this that freedom so maintained, so rich that blessings which now we Prophet said in substance Joseph The that the flourish in Church the can enjoy to and been which have promised It is at time: consecrate to our one duty future. us, to realized all in be the days may all to influence that our popular make I like to Today propose four would come. is sound which good, and unpopuand questions every Latterday which

I testify to sisyou, brethren and is lar my that unsound. which Saint well as ask might to attempts he

ters, is that this a choice that land, It right politically for a who man appraise policy, program, or any idea it this held were, hemisphere, as God for course, influence political promoted influence—ofis any by wouldbe

in of his the for it. hundreds, palm hand use I leader. I hasgood—to these mention because think

yea, of years thousands in that order I last brethren, night, thought my will they a electprovide in safeguard the great this mission of be land might influence could greater there a where be office ing to will the remeet men who and accomplished. might be in this in than a world for good magniundertaken quirements set the which has Lord

is of again kingdom The upon fied God priesthood? thousand Nineteen forth in revelations. the

I earth. testify the to that has you of the priesthood God assembled members

is First, the proposal, or policy, the spoken again the from this in heavens last night. quarter million hold One ideathe being right as promoted measin land, day; our that the Father, God a the Priesthood! Melchizedek What

I ured the gospel of by Christ? Jesus did'the to and Son appear the Prophet for influence could power and be good

it is assure for to easier you one much that Joseph; they revealed themselves if in this blessed wielded land would we a measure policy proposed gosthe by him, that unto greatand through that the the admonition heed Lord which

if of pel Christ accepted Jesus has he all est of visions, a dispengospel it new to see given that has and who men it. is the living gospel and sation in was preparation opened up are wise good honest and and would

Secondly, is it right as measured by have our vigorous support and receive for the second coming of the Master.

the Constitution of this land and the our interest in their selection and elecWith all the power that I possess I glorious principles embodied in that tion to high office in the community, invite men everywhere to investigate the

Constitution? Now that suggests that county, state, and federal government. truths of the claims of this people, that

that we must read and study the ConLet us, my brethren, seek to take an they too may join with us in building stitution, the Declaration of Indeactive part in our local, state, and naup the kingdom in preparation for that pendence, and the Bill of Rights, that tional affairs. We are commanded by glorious day when the Redeemer will

we might know what principles are the Lord to do so. It is as binding on come again to dwell upon the earth as

embodied therein. us as any of the Lord's commandments. King of kings, and Lord of lords. I

Thirdly, we might well ask the quesActually, it is when good men do nothpray that this day may be hastened, in tion: Is it right as measured by the ing that evil flourishes. the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

922 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Competition...

it leads to the world's best service

The WOrld'S first Service Station was opened byStandard

Oil Company of California in Seattle, Washington, in 1907, two years after cars came to the Pacific Coast. Pioneer

y, motorists, tired of wrestling 5-gallon cans to fill their tanks, flocked to this convenient gasoline station. Other

suppliers saw the point... service stations soon sprang up

all over and the competition to serve you better began.

L00k hOW it iS today! Here are just a few of the harder each year to merit your business... investing

services you now find at Independent Chevron Sta- $275 million in 1954 alone to find new oil and improve tions and Standard Stations. We originated many of our refinery output... spending more than $35 milthem in competing with hundreds of other companies lion in the last 5 years for research and technical

for your business. This competition that has brought services to bring better products to motorists, indusyou more convenient motoring has grown with the try and farms. It sums up to this: the competition

West. Since 1907, we've seen the total number of which sparks oil progress brings you more milesWestern gas stations grow from our lone Seattle pioper-gallon of gas, lubricants that lengthen your car's

neer to 26,000 today. For us it has meant working life—and the world's best service.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

DECEMBER 1954 923 sought the Lord—by all of which means

once again the kingdom of God has been set up among men, the Church of Jesus Christ has been established, Some and the decree gone forth that it will remain until the coming of the Son of

that believe Smith, Jun., Joseph We

of the the restoraprophet mighty Fundamental Man,was and of course, ever thereafter.

tion; that by the grace and condescenhis eternity for been prepared from Truths ingsion of God (the young prophet havline, line mission) he received upon

bv Bruce R. AicConkie precept upon precept, key, power, and

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY thority,authorityuntiluponall key,thingspower,were andrestored,augrace every had was and and power of the as presence of die to basic accepted and truths God be mustCertain to that be again enable would men pertaining to spirit things of or all the if living they by would men now of exalted the in the saved kingdom and of things the righteousness. for of gain fulness themselves the

plainscripture believe, so as our We fall after believe of that the is man, that in reward prepared the which We recites, ly that of voice the heard was of by great Father. mansions the God Adam These

truths are known only by revelation. and his posterity; that angels from the Joseph Smith, the Prophet and Seer of

They are revealed in the gospel, and presence of God ministered unto them; the Lord, has done more, save Jesus only,

are most devoutly believed by faithful that the gift of the Holy Ghost was for the salvation of men in this world, members of the Church of Jesus Christ poured out upon those who diligently than any other man that ever lived in it.

of Latterday Saints. sought the Lord—by all of which means (D. & C. 135:3.)

Many of them have been taught with the fulness of the gospel, the plan of power and conviction (in the sessions redemption and salvation, was made We believe that this plan of salvaof this conference) by the living Oraknown; and that this plan was revealed tion—had of old, restored anew in our

in things: these that men call day—consists to in periods that age age from cles at this kingwe of the stand head who

a to of must nathe knowledge come dispensations gospel. of the plainin taught have dom. been They

is. ture of kind that being and God of believe in the that ness, Meridian that authorization with and and We

attrihis learn character, must They the born promised Messiah was Time the power comes which from Holy perfections. butes, have and They must literal of into as the the world Son source. other Ghost from and no May faith in rethe Christ; Lord Jesus must this into that with I he world so God; recapitulate, as as to came be bold we of sins; their pent in be baptized must life life the in himself, the of and close the was near the conference, a few

of Spirit water legal adthe and by light of world; the of these truths. and by great command fundamental

ministrators to bind have power who of lay to the the (having is Father power in that there believe a God We to seal earth in on heaven; and and

it life his is to again) take infinite eternal, up and down an heaven and who that rightthey then in endure must infinite atoneeternal the out almighty, work and allpowerful perbeing—a faith, living eousness in every and by ment. of exin tabernacle, sonage the being a that the forth proceedeth word from

is literally believe that press the he of image mortal whose body we We of their of unto the God, mouth end

I as sons of are the created. Son you and have been Godmen respective mortal probations.

as of parents, and, daughters our all believe that and he has and power We sevas believe something more, We all said all that to Benjamin, the angel things; that King he wisdom; knows eral of these said brethren during have

is, is to "salvation love, infinite in come, was, that grace, his and and and is this conference: that neither the man

of in us, through the for atoning blood condescension and ordained he has without the the nor woman woman Christ, (Mosiah of the creation, Omnipotent."of Lord of the redemption, plan in without the Lord, the that but man

of 3:18.) salvation, possible to progression and gate exaltation to the fulness the and

believe fact did in that eternal exaltation high. work he an on We life eternal of in the of the kingdom

infinite is eternal the atonement; out that and in Father he our We believe is Father the coveeverlasting and new

lifted literally; that spirit the he thatheaven, his was upon are up we of just marriage; cross; nant and may as men

rising died, resurrected, offspring; that he in the was dwelt with him that we at in enter of gate the repentance and

preexistent eternities, were taught by again the third day to ascend to the baptism, and work out for themselves him, saw his face, knew of the terms Majesty on High. a salvation hereafter by faith and diliand conditions that apply to the plan We believe that he ransomed all gence, so they may enter in at the gate

of salvation, and desired with an overmen, unconditionally, from the temporal of celestial marriage, and, conditioned whelming longing that we, his spirit effects of the fall of Adam, in that all upon keeping that covenant, come up offspring, might progress to the state men will be raised in immortality and in the resurrection as husband and where we would have glorious bodies, live eternally in that state, body and wife, the family unit continuing through inseparably attain the state of exaltation spirit connected;and and that would all eternity, thus, and eventually—as to all had. then he offeredhe men a conditional of of the family members We believe that he directed the crearansom from the spiritual effects of the bers of the Church of the God,Firstbornmemtion of this earth, and all things that fall of Adam, provided that men would become joint heirs with Jesus Christ,

are on it; that he placed Adam and repent and abide in the truths and laws and receive, inherit, and possess all

Eve, the first man and the first woman, of the everlasting gospel that are rethings.

here; commanded them to multiply and vealed from age to age. Now, we believe that God is no refill the earth with posterity, and to We believe that the predicted era of specter of persons; that a soul is just

provide bodies for the hosts of spirit gross darkness, of apostasy, came and as precious in his sight in this day as children who yet lived and dwelt in succeeded the meridian dispensation, a soul has ever been in any age of the his presence. and that it was not until our day that earth's history; and that he is just as

We believe that Adam fell that men the fulness of light and truth again willing now as he was in the days of might be; that the fall of Adam brought burst upon the earth. any ancient prophet or any faithful

into the world a temporal death and We believe that God has spoken people who have gone before to reveala spiritual death—the temporal death again; that his voice has been heard to his children on earth the truths of

being something that accompanies again among men; that again angels salvation, and he will reveal them to

mortality and results in due course in have ministered from his presence; that any man who will come before him in

the separation of body and spirit; and again the gift of the Holy Ghost has faith, believing, seeking wisdom, as the

the spiritual death being to be cast out been poured out upon those who have {Continued on page 926) 924 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ] m lm.:.

It all adds up...

THE ROYAL GORGE

Rio Grande VistaDomes THE PROSPECTOR

PLud.

Rocky Mountain Scenery

PIua any Season

Travel Perfection

H. F.ENO, Passenger Traffic Manager

Rio Grande Building, 1531 Stout Street

Denver, Colorado DENVER AND RIO GRANDE WESTERN RAILROAD

DECEMBER 1954 925 man this knowledge and open the door

Bruce R. MeConkie Continued to possible, eventual salvation and exaltation to any man who will come in

young boy Prophet came when the hour of expression that I have for the absofaith, believing, knocking at the door, had come for the opening of this final lute certainty that there is in my heart and asking that he may receive the glorious dispensation. of the divinity of this work, and I truth.

I am grateful beyond any measure know that God Almighty will give any In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Report On The

Orient

by Harold B. Lee

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

seems incredible to me, as I think scattered Saints in that faroff land, I restoration of Israel to Palestine, from the

... of four quarters the earth the under testifying, as the to you six back it today, that about come ago monthsIt

great, of auspices that universal and perto testify disciples to the told Master lay yesterday dear companion my is to theocracy the succeed which manent divine of ill critically power miraculous the in Hospital, the her John, LDS of reign mystery. long

is is there, one out intervention which cruelly in unfortunatebody broken an signs of the divinity of the work the accident. told to have For someone me of enthose two great names Then he

Lord. of the bethe doctorsand ago that six months railterprises, one, the Europeto-Asia

death""nigh unto seen one fore six have pass, another should months We of process in the then which road was visit. this during raised miraculouslythat she on an accompany would me the the other being consummated, and Alof the the seen hand have to Orient,assignment in the where two We Atlanthe from Railway Western Great winds, the storms and the stay mighty travel miles 20,000months would we country. tic Pacific in this to the Then

otherwise obstacles that it overcome six and peoples, countriesand visit and this: he said

fulthe impossible have would made to such seem beenwould to have me an impossibility as to have been wholly filment of our mission. We have passed Politically speaking, some barriers yet reunthinkable. through dangerridden country only a main to be removed, and some conquests

But when our beloved leader, the few hundred miles from where a war to be achieved, such as the subjugation of

President of the Church, took us into his is brewing. We have seen the humble Japan, and the triumph of constitutional

liberty certain nations where mind, among gospel preached the poor having the andoffice us blessings gave this for and misstill are prereligion and thought, and are in of divinity signs to them.sion, little The I realize did the Lord how 75to scribed by law. Theology, (The Key of the Almighty East. the work Far Thecould skill then, even of the beyond 76.)

surge. is a tremendous increasing with skill,doctors bless minds and or buman

that dear companion and fulfil to the I do not know whether it was just a Subjugation means conquering by force.

letter the words of the President when coincidence, or whether President I want to say to you that one of the most he said to her: "You will come back McKay had some thought about it, but significant things that I have seen in the

from this trip increased in strength and one of the commanding generals, when Far East is the fulfillment of what Elder healed in body."It has been one of the I was introduced to him in Korea, said, Parley P. Pratt testified would be one of

greatest testimonies that has come to "Well, you have a lot of relatives in this the significant developments necessary me, and I stand today humbly and bear country."The five most prominent to the consummation of God's purposes,

witness to the effectiveness of the prayers names in Korea are Yi, Chang, Kim, "the subjugation of Japan and the triand blessings of, not only our President, Pak, and Lee. In China I discovered umph of constitutional liberty among

but also of the faithful Saints everythat there were over five hundred thoucertain nations where mind and thought where. sand Chinese who have the surname and religion are still prescribed by law."

If I could take as something of a text, of Li (Lee), and actually, some of the I traveled on this assignment with then, the words of the Master, perhaps immigration authorities, when I signed Sister Lee and President Hilton A. Robor they saw name, my my name on exmy best feelings be could today Sister Robertson.my ertson and had We

passport, ask: "Chinese?"And would Baptistpressed the words. in His visited John servicenative our Saints and

had sent his disciples to Jesus, after I answered, "No, American."Then men in all the districts of the mainland

John had received reports about the the comment, "You look Chinese."of Japan from Hokkaido on the north

work of the Master, and they came askSo, I was accepted, President McKay, to Kyushu on the south, and repreing him, "Art thou he that should come? as almost a native. My coloring as sentatives from the great cities. I then

or look we for another?"The answer to hair and eyes and skin seem to fit went across with President Robertson

that Jesus gave for them to carry back the general terrain. to Korea and then to Okinawa, HOng

to John the Baptist was this: Some years ago I read a statement Kong, the Philippines, and Guam. I

contained in Parley P. Pratt's The Key want to say to the parents, who are

Go your way, and tell John what things to Theology. I wondered then at the anxiously inquiring about their boys,

that the blind seen heard; andye have how I of this statement, and come meaning I that something will your hope calm cleansed, are the lepers walk,see, the lame it testifying that to was today back you feelings, will and your encourage in you the to raised, are hear, the deaf deadthe is fulfilled. that today being a prophecy faith. is 7:20, preached. gospel 22.) (Luke thepoor

I statement: inspired that read from First time Presithat the From the

the before President you, announced McKay, our this appointment To to need dency speaking, there Physically seems as telephones of a humble the at were ringing Church today,body at home and entergreat but of two the consummation servant, whom you sent out into the prises more, in order to complete the prepathe office from anxious parents, and

Far East to check on affairs there, to rations necessary for the fulfillment of the substance of their anxiety was sumvisit our boys in military service, our Isaiah and other Prophets, in regard to the med up in what one father said: "Will

926 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA you see my boy over there, and take him the love from a lonesome dad?"

We met with a total of 1563 Latterday Saint boys in military service, in our conferences in Japan, Korea, Okinawa, the Philippines, and Guam. They

had arranged district conferences which simulated our stake conferences, and it was like holding a stake conference every other day all through this trip, of the thoroughness with which because solve your Christmas shopping problems with their work. organized they had

I have never listened to better sermons than I heard preached by our five

Latterday Saint chaplains and our group leaders over there. They are

studying the gospel. The excellence of

their organization and the orderliness of their procedures under a mission committee comprising three lieutenant colonels, answerable of course to the mission president, and they in turn supervised by chaplains and by group leaders, is worthy of note. In every

camp where we went, under military orders, we were accorded every privilege that could be accorded one going into those areas, and the first procedure was invariably an introduction to the commanding general of the camp, and a brief interview, during which he extended to us all the courtesies of the camp, and bade us welcome, and in a number of instances, came to our meeting.

They know of our boys. They know

of the work of the Latterday Saints, and perhaps their attitude towards our boys is best summed up in what General Richard S. Whitcomb said to us

down at Pusan, Korea, after we had been at the general's mess the night before, and he had indicated he would like to come to our meeting the next morning.

With 109 of our boys present, General Whitcomb rose to speak to them, and after a word of greeting, he said this, and I asked him if I might repeat it to you, President McKay, and to the fathers and mothers back home. (General Whitcomb is characterized by our

boys there as one of the toughest disciplinarians in the United States Army.)

"I have always known the members of your Church to be a substantial people.

"Here in the Pusan area I have the largest courtmartial responsibility of any command in the United States

Army, but I never have had one of your faith brought before me for a court martial or disciplinary action, in this command. Wherever I have been, I

have never known of a Latterday Saint ever to be brought up for any disciplinary action."

On Guam I was furnished with a little paper from the camp which indicated that for the month of August one of our boys there, a Brother Douglas K.

Eager, had been designated as the "Airman of the Month of August,"and the citation read: "He won the award on

the basis of his devotion to duty, character, appearance, industry, and military bearing."

One of the supervising chaplains, to (Continued on following page) DECEMBER 1954 927 dresses and telephone numbers of the

Harold B. lee Continued folks back home they wanted her to

call and to talk to.

over doing Perhaps, our boys are what missionaries, Field is the secondtake another example, group of Clark from illustrated best in what be can will this Philippines, as which, said completed,in the when to me missionary Aki, a Japanese mean that thereElder young there our the contributed boys over with have walked out of a meetingwe their "I out of militaryProtestant base: from chaplains meager on the allowupthe atmissionarybeautiful Nikko,contributionsa recipientof ourof

a total forty in ances of overhave group any thousand dolnever known of men a just completing servicemen, who is lars for local greater missionaries military sending experience have whomy said as mission, he bore his to twoyear their their to that country, dodevotion otherwise could not and to the work as terrible English: in "As testimony

finer to their done. beGod, and Church—no it a great in proved Japan, war was

result Directly as acharacters the to are of than be found of the work among result, it brought as a blessing. Because

Saints."Saint Latterdaythe Latterday boys there servicemen of the were back Saint servicemen Latterday the

arAll converts last year, 47 another our 103 while through had for the the to paved way who Japan their so baptized far this sang have beenranged year by own programs—theyvisits, they Mission."of the Japanese reopening

three songs over and over again without the missionaries of the Japanese Misanybody suggesting it. They sang, first, sion. It was on the first Sunday of last President McKay, one of the things

is startling and significant, to me at in the 6:30 just at that morning, Thee, For a month God,"We Thank O Difficult there. pertains to the language district of in the breakProphet,"conferday, in every Seoul, that Korea, and

ence they sustained the General Authorwe baptized a native Korean student and as it is, because of the peculiar charities of the Church. It was one of the a young serviceman. At Clark Field acters as well as the difficult language,

even helping us is seemingly Lord of theirhighlights at conference. last Sunday morning bapthe 7:30 we

troops Since the that problem. to solve Filipino native that four, one a young seems to have become tized The other

their theme song while in military mother, who later bore her testimony came in, every school in Japan and service is: in the conference session. What this in Korea is teaching English, and most

being students, are of young those who to servicemen into as they means come toil Saints, ye come laborCome, no gospel, nor speak some the attracted can by is the expressed best perhaps Church fear break to helping are English. They in a testimony from humble a young

... joy, withBut your wend way barrier making the language and down that to off seaman the came Tokyo

missionaries. of the easier the work aircraft carrier, Hornet, which had should or lot is think our we mournWhy 179 at had where Osaka we Down at docked hard? Later Yokohama. met we

that I looked as over in attendance,.. so, all'Tis right not at Bay. Manila down him came up He

ages tried to estimate the audience, and die should before journey's. ourAnd we is close of the in at the Tokyo, meeting

that say through in of attendance, those I would his sling, in that a explained arm and is all well. day,Happy were there in attendance, of 179 out infected a arm. he had badly he As

toil free are then from and sorrow, too,We years 16 over 30 were fewer than who said, shook "I with hands he me am just, shall dwell. theWith we will people these of age. young What getting ready to baptized be a member

And then, finally, you must know of the Church, and if we are down at do in aiding in that conversion is best what they were singing otherwise. They Manila when I meet you there, I hope illustrated by two incidents.

were singing about the hills of home, to tell you I have been baptized."A year ago last April while I was in

"O Ye Mountains High, where the At Manila he came, his arm now was the Hawaiian Islands I interviewed and clear blue sky, Arches over the vales of perfectly healed, and said: "I was bapset apart under instructions from the

the free,"and time and again I heard tized on August 27. Something hapFirst Presidency six lovely young girls

the wives of our few men, who are pened to me after I left that conference to go over to Japan as missionaries.

permitted to be with them in some in Tokyo. My arm was swollen and One of them, a young Japanese sister,

places, and our boys everywhere, as was painful all through the meeting, was a bit hestiant to go because she had they would shake hands, say, as tears but after I had shaken hands with you, come of a Buddhist family. Her mother

would fill their eyes: "I wasn't home- I got on the train going back to the had opposed her going. Her brother had

cruelly beaten rather her her of because I you, until sick with shook boat. hands ceased, the Suddenly pain my

insistence activity. on Church was She I Lee."from home!Brother healed, going Someone and was arm now am

a almost nervous wreck, the she but had like say something to they lovely that back wife would has been Then who faith that the Lord somehow would to I folksthis: not life. that the "Tell back praying straighten home would my help her her through problems, and all right, us. I but I are lot about did I drank,worry a smoked, and and We sent her her way. on folks I we the of about sorrow, things to her sometimes cause worry andwe

back home."am going back to that sweetheart of I met her at one of these conferences,

I think my appraisal of what I saw mine, and I am going to spend the rest and she whispered to me, her story.

among the boys there might be exof my life trying to prove myself worthy She said: "Twentythree people, Brothpressed in what Ralph Waldo Emerson of her love."His faith had brought er Lee, are being attracted to the gospel

is quoted as having said: "It is easy healing to his body and his soul. That partly by my efforts,"and then she

in the world to live after the world's is what the gospel meant to this seaintroduced me to an elderly grandopinion. It is easy in solitude to live man, who became a convert to the gosmother, whose husband is an Episcoafter ones own, but the great man is pel of Jesus Christ. pal minister, and the little girl, the

he, who in the midst of the crowd, keeps Over there we have boys who are granddaughter of this elderly grandwith perfect sweetness the independence homesick for home. How they are thinkmother, was the one who played for

of solitude...."Such is the way I ing about their mothers and their wives our singing during the conference. This

found our boys, with the marks of true and sweethearts is suggested by the fact little girl came home after she had greatness upon their brows, keeping that when Sister Lee would speak, they joined the Church and said to her grand- "with perfect sweetness the independwould ofttimes come up at the close of mother: "Grandma, your church is not

ence of solitude."services and they would say to me some true because you do not understand

From the contributions of our miliwords of appreciation, but then they God, and you do not understand about tary men in the Far East, sufficient would say: "We really appreciated the Godhead,"and then she proceeded

money is being raised each month to Sister Lee's talk,"and they gathered to teach her the missionary lesson sustain 21 fulltime missionaries from around her because she was a touch about the Godhead.

Japan, who otherwise could not fill of mother. They would tell her how This elderly grandmother said, "Any

missions as fulltime missionaries in the she reminded them of their mothers. Church that can teach a child like that

Japanese Mission. That amounts to She was the symbol of the home to must have something."Our young

forty dollars a month for each missionwhich they onetime hoped to come, Japanese missionary sister from the ary, or a total of between eight and and I think they almost filled a noteHawaiian Islands now reports: "That

nine hundred dollars each month. This book for her of the names and adgrandmother is now preparing to be928 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

come baptized a member of the Church through the missionary efforts of her little granddaughter, perhaps not more than eleven or twelve years of age."

There is another evidence of an awakening in Japan. Representatives

of some of the leading newspapers in

Japan, many of them, interviewed us, and wrote articles, both in English and

Japanese. Our Japanese Saints were a

bit amused about one of these articles where the heading was: "Mormon

Polygamist Visits Japan."Fortunately

the misleading statement was corrected in the body of the article. Following

that announcement we received an invitation from a group who styled themselves, "The League of New Japan's

Religious Organizations,"who claim to have a following of ten millions of people. For the first time Japan is enjoying religious freedom. They asked

that I meet with fifteen leaders of these fifteen religious organizations, comprising the league, and there discuss withthem Mormonism, and then submit to I Bought MY AUTO INSURANCE at 25% Off a discussion following that time. from

Their invitation is a bit interesting! America's Oldest Total Abstainers Auto Insurance Co.

friendly Invitation to the talk meeting of leaders the thewith one of "Mormon"

Rev. B.Church. As Harold Lee who is record—I provedand thatPreferredI wasRiska totalprovedabstainerthat theywithcoulda goodprotectdrivingme

one of the highest leaders of "Mormon with standard form automobile insurance at a cost of 25% below

Church"(The Church of Jesus Christ of what I had been paying... That was five years ago!

Saints) theLatterday which is one of most But this was only the beginning... I found the initial 25%

is visitinginfluential churches in America,

Japan on his journey to fulfil his mission saving was followed by progressive rate reductions based on my in the Pacific Ocean area. In order to proown safe driving record. Since I had no accidents my rate went

mote good will we would like to hold a down even lower... Today my saving on auto insurance

talkfriendly meeting, respect to the laws of.Mormonism.. Also, nopayingrefs 44%!freshment of tea or cake will be served at I was surprised that I could save so much—but I shouldn't

that meeting. have been. I know that drinking drivers are responsible for

thousands of costly accidents and cause other insurance comthat Tatsui hour, with Brother For. dollars millions to.. Preferred panies of claims in out pay

office translating mission theSato from losses these of "drinking"out because it has Risk pays none on listened. words, they men, Of thesemy

it It only. drinkers* insures none nonbecause has to yet none. Christians, claimed be andnone

in the discussion that followed I learned No wonder Preferred Risk has 60,000 satisfied policyholders that they were in truth more Christian and over $2,000,000 in assets—and issues America's only non

than many of the socalled Christians assessable total abstainers policy. No wonder I smile when I

who neither accept the divinity of the say "No thanks, I'm a P. R."

mission nor of Jesus drinker "social"occasional abstainer. of his reality as the *Nondrinker The means TOTAL livingSon of the God. this an immediate It return coupon for you qualify, is NOT eligible.

They recorded my talk on a tape requotation.

corder, and when the half hour was finished still for discussion, they were ACT NOW—USE THIS COUPONasking questions, so that interview our

extended into two hours and a half, Please send me complete information about your auto insurance for total aband that recording they promised later stainers. I understand there is no obligation.

would be presented in their quarterly Name My auto insurance paper they to proposed where give it Address, Monthexpires: I ifpublicity. told they them that

were interested and would send me City.State.. Day

their names and addresses, I would see Occupation Year that each got a copy of the Book of Age Age of principal driver of auto Age of youngest driver.

for to study. themMormon

I later days received a letter Make of Car Year No. Cylinders A few

in Japanese, which Brother Sato transBody type & Model (Series).

lated, and wherein the president in Use of Car: Pleasure Business To and from work miles one way.

charge gave me the names and adMarital Status of Principal Driver: Married with children

dresses. reads: His letter

P Single, living at home Single

We have no words to express our thanks Drink* for instructive very address, your which you us the othergave day. Although were you ACCIDENTS'PREFERRED RISK MUTUAL

very busy and your have been tired must onway to preach the gospel in the Oriental INSURANCE COMPANY area, yet you shared your very precious time 501 JUDGE BLDG., DEPT. 1254. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

for us, for which we have to be very gratePHONE 4-1931 ful. 'America's Total Abstainers Automobile Insurance Company"—Sam Morris, President

(Continued on following page) DECEMBER 1954 929 further outpouring of his blessing. Then,

Harold B. lee continued after we had visited briefly with these

young Chinese students, one of these

Sin Yuen a Yook young of gathering also girl—little the had chance have we said: he Then

little beautiful a call Nora, her of our together the with under them name—theywas take of advantage we your words May as taught English, a are therefore Father, girl speaks under good heavenly we who

that present the of us you would Book Morkindness. their thanks to repay With our bus missionaries. vow As the her by

that better? understand we maymon We disfor all to your of eulogy you our with day next the the hotel out from pulled list of thesend you attended names who of service faithfulness the tinguished which airport, reached she the to us take tothe meeting. to your will mission important perform and the window, through her hand up visiting our Korea Korea. our And come of of Copies the have Book Mormon "Apostle parting as word: to a said me it is distance. of long spite humbly in We to leaders. sent thesebeen please to tell President Lee, McKay Christ, of in Jesus the Men. pray name A is I thing should one There more to China."And back the Church send of in the Church Pusan Korean Group From:

like tell to about. At you Pusan we in tears Saints. I as her, of were the to of Latterday said Jesus Christ my

record, three onlyhave members on girl, long as also, dear sweet eyes "My at meeting, aand when we arrived significant, because for that is like Well, devoted band a faithful, have as we of surprisethat a something was first too are enjoying they time reparty the are shepherd, a without who reyou us,for to astonishment our found we ligious freedom. is in China."true, the Church maining

that we had in attendance not just three I must tell you, President McKay, Well, I say, President McKay, as I members, but besides our more than about the meeting with our lovely Chicommenced, I have gone now under 100 servicemen 103 Koreans, had we East. Kong. in folks to Far the ense Hong appointment down We your We

all ofmostly people about high young not place. divine have of meeting God's miracles They no the seen had have

as of age,school part a prothe and since the were they opportunity seen have how much had intervention. We thisceedings to presented they me poor It year nearly to the a baptized. been preached, has now has been gospel

scroll, silk written both parchment, on its divinity. But sacrament. the received of since they God evidence as an

English, in in in Korean and which disfar overlooking harbor the hotel shall be not in our room time the that grant these written words,they had mind held a of Kong deathgrip we from communism Kowloon to Hong the tant until this writtenyou, presented and was by testimony peoples bore those meeting. sacrament and unloosed, shall be We all of a group nonmost were whom that high to the fulness in receive free to to them. up gone had shall be Wemembers: for conChrist, where Kong, of overlooking point gospel Jesus Hong I am

We sincerely welcome Apostle Harold B. Brother Cowley, in company with vinced that there are hundreds of thouLee who come to Korea. The mission of President Robertson, President Aki, and sands of souls who are begging for the

his visiting Korea is very important and we their wives, had dedicated that land to truth.

to thankfulare our Father from in heaven that testimony I bear solemn you of 14, 1949. mission, a the opening July my

forour deeply great the heart support you true, that are I things these God and too, our heads know There, bowed we for us of the people given Korea.have

I is work, his this of lives, and that and for degree the the thanked Lord like gratito express Here would our we tude to the soldiers who stayed in Korea. Brother Cowley's blessing that had been bear it humbly in the name of Jesus

And preached the true gospel to us and received, and asked the Lord for a Christ. Amen.

Let Us Make God The Center Of Our Lives

by President David O. McKay

t the closing hour of this great conflowers from Hawaii, we have already tributed so much to the inspiration of j\ ference, I know you would have expressed appreciation. To the ushers, this conference, beginning with the

L\ me express appreciation to persons we say thank you. We have noted Relief Society Mothers, and followed and agencies that have helped in taking your attention to your assigned duties next day by those lovely little girls—the

care of all who have been in attendance. as given by your superiors under the Bee Hive chorus. Just their presence

I know in naming individuals and Presiding Bishopric. and their sweet voices, aside from their

groups that I may omit some, but to you Gratefully we mention again the assinging, brought tears to many a mothall we express appreciation and gratitude sistance rendered by the various radio er's eye. Then the combined Scandifor your services: and television stations here in our own navian choirs, and the Men's Chorus of

To the public press, to you reporters, city and state and in other states named the Tabernacle Choir last evening in for your care and accuracy in reporting in the various sessions of this conferthe priesthood meeting, and finally, our the proceedings, to the audiences for ence. What a means of permitting own Tabernacle Choir. Do you know,

their responsiveness and attentiveness hundreds of thousands of people to hear they have been here since seven o'clock throughout the sessions of the conferthe proceedings of this conference of this morning?

ence; to the city officials; the traffic the Church! We thank you congrega- I am happy to reannounce to you

officers in handling increased traffic. tions assembled in the stakes in Calithat in appreciation of the great service

As we have driven up and down South fornia, Arizona, Washington, Oregon, that this body of devoted singers is

Temple we have noticed how attentive, Idaho, Wyoming, and Colorado for the rendering under the able directorship of how careful to duty, how considerate of messages of appreciation you have sent Brother J. Spencer Cornwall and the

the pedestrians you have been. Thank in. Everyone has said that the proceedorganists, Elders Alexander Schreiner,

you! We mention the fire department ings have gone over the wire perfectly Frank Asper, and Roy Darley, they will

also. They went to the trouble of seeand then added: "Thank you and God be given a trip to Europe. They will

ing to it by actual tests that the fire bless you for the opportunity we have go as ambassadors of good will—reprewagons could in an emergency come had this day of joining and worshipsenting in honor and artistry the state,

through the gates. To the Red Cross, ing with you."as well as the Church. With all our

who have been on hand to render any We must mention again gratitude, Presiding Bishopric. We pray that

assistance to those who might need their not only appreciation, but gratitude for the love and unity in that meeting may tender care. For the semitropical the groups of singers who have conextend to every stake presidency, mission

930 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA hearts, here today we say, thank you and God bless you in the preparation Have your of that great trip!

All that has been said and done and sung, all the testimonies borne have dithisrectly or indirectly to led divine HIPROVtlfJlT ffiflS first the kingdom "Seek yeadmonition:

of God, and his righteousness; and all

these things shall be added unto you."handsomely bound

(Matt. 6:33.)

Let us then make God the center of our lives. That was one of the first for just $900

admonitions given when the gospel yJ FOB SALT was first preached to man. To have LAKE CITY

communion with God, through his Holy FOR BINDING YOUR ENTIRE

Spirit, is one of the noblest aspirations YEAR'S ISSUE in life. It is when the peace and love of Retain for permanent use the excellent inGod have entered the soul, when servstructions and outstanding articles of lasting:

ing him becomes the motive factor in interest that appear monthly in your Improveone's life and existence that we can ment Era. You may have editions of the Era

touch other lives, quickening and inhandsomely bound now in clothcovered book is gold with (preform stamping. Cost just $3spiring them, even be though word no paid), plus postage, entire issues. for year's an

is operative thespoken. in There

MAIL ADD POSTAGE ORDERS FOR as spiritual a force as activeworld and

Distance from the carriedreal as that the have waves Salt City, Lake Utah to thosemessage Rate today to miles 150 tens of thouUp. 43

television.sands by radio and to miles 150 300 49

"Lord, who shall abide in thy taber300 to 600 miles 59 nacle?"cried the Psalmist. That means, 600 to 1000 miles 73

miles to 1000 1400 88 that into that realm, can comewho to 1400 1800 miles 1.06

.spiritual shall dwell realm.. "who

miles Over 1800 1.23

hill?"holyin thy

"He that walketh uprightly, and Send to or bring your Era Magazines to the worketh righteousness, and speaketh the truth in his heart."(Psalm 15.)

will fail in getting into that Who Deseret News Press that backbiteth,divine presence? "He

he that doeth evil to his neighbor, he The West's Finest binders that taketh up a reproach against his 31 RICHARDS STREET PHONE 4-2581 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH neighbor."(See Psalm 15.)

Let us, as we seek first the kingdom of God, avoid backbiting and evil speaking. either bespeaks Gossip a vacant All That WE Want For Christmas Is A or or entertains jealousy one thatmind

envy. Let us avoid selfrighteousness.

There is a proverb that says, "Everyway of a man is right in his own eyes: HAMMOND ORGAN

the the hearts."but Lord pondereth

(Prov. 21:2.) himThe Finest Gift For The Family. "Whoso boasteth

self of a false gift is like clouds and Church or School wind without rain."(Ibid., 25:14.)

sisters, Finally, brethren "be and perChurch Model—fected, comforted, mind, be be of one

live in peace and the God of love and (Shown Herewith) peace will be with you."(See II Cor. Spinet Model13:11.) Keep in mind the Savior's World's Largest - Selling

prayer: "Make them one, Father, as Complete Organ

thou and I are one."Chord Organ Model-

I wish that all within the sound of Anyone can play it in 5 my voice at this moment, all who have to 30 minutes hearts, their in prejudiceany might Home ModelAuthorities the glimpsed Generalhave for special furDesigned last Thursthein the Lord House of day morning, when they met in fasting nishings and prayer to prepare themselves spiritConcert Model—

ually for the responsibilities awaiting For the artist performer them in this great conference. You

would have glimpsed the unity of the

First Presidency and through this transmission of heart to heart, soul to soul, you would have known the love I bear for these two counselors, for their clear vision and sound judgment and their patience with their leader when necessary. You would have glimpsed the

unity and love of these twelve men, of their Assistants and of the First Council of the Seventy, the Patriarch, and the (Concluded on following page) DECEMBER 1954 931 President David 0. McKay Continued

presidency, every bishopric, every priestas you go to your homes. We bless you

hood quorum and auxiliary throughout that the spirit of unity and the spirit of the Church. With such unity and love testimony of the divinity of this workthere is no power on earth which can may abide in your hearts always, that

stop the progress of this, the work of peace and love may be in your homes

God. as never before, in the name of the

FOR CHURCHES May his blessings attend you, now, Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

LARGE OR SMALL S>?sNX>s3vJsX3\>>yN3sA9s

(csULckJriqaered Jtfemper

Richard L. Evans

On thision overquestionall theagainearth.of man's having been given domin- 1 Subduing the earth loses much

of its meaning unless we also subdue ourselves, our appetites, our anger. In many respects the measure of a man is the

measure of the things that make him angry. The striking

without thinking, the hasty illtimed act or utterance are all part of the measure of a man. As one physician said of himself: "My life is in the hands of any fool who makes me

lose my temper."But any fool who loses his temper takes

CHOOSE not only his own life in his hands, but the lives of others also. Those who, for example, drive in anger are a menace

to all mankind. (It would be interesting to know—and

ELECTRIC ORGAN appalling also—how many highway accidents have occurred

because of anger—because of the hateful heated spirit of

America's finest Electronic Organ retaliation, the cutting in, the crowding over, despite all... with amazing performance danger, to show people and put them in their place.) Inand thrilling tone, wide selection jury and violent death in many forms are often the outcome

of solo "voices"and rich, full orof unreasoning anger, and a man who lets loose his quickgan effects—can be delivered in triggered temper with fists or weapons or words is likely to

time to make your church, servhave a lifetime to regret his lack of selfcontrol. He may

ices this Christmas more inspirsever a friendship; he may break a marriage; he may ruin

effective. ing, more comOrgan

cor- a home; he may injure or destroy a life by his illtimed temindividuals mittees are and

dially invited to come in for free per. No doubt all of us have been guilty of anger, and demonstration at no obligation. there is such a thing as righteous wrath—things we should

be angry at. But blind, unreasoning anger can be a fury

of destructive force—to ourselves and others also. In the

Da ii ite* Music wordsto hit ofourselvesWilliamatPenn,last.""Every2 SupposestroketheourLordfury strikesGod wereis sureto

strike out at us as we would strike out at someone else who 4547 SOUTH If temper. to try our MAIN happens at should us as lash out he 5afrahC/fy

BLVD.,OGt>EN145 NORTH UNIVERSITY PROVO ''i 2260 WASHINGTON to at others, lash out tempted should we are sometimes we

be chastened in a way we wouldn't forget—for surely most New Optical

Radioactivity Detector of us must have tried his patience many times. There are

GEIGERSCOPE those who would quarrel, as a practical matter, with the

Now you can check minconcept that the Savior uttered in the Sermon on the Mount, erals for uranium with that the "meek... shall inherit the earth"3 but to see peace sensitive, this amazingly

inexpensive device. For else that is priceless love and and respect so much and and engineers, exprospectors,

MODEL MASTER perimenters, hobbyists, unrighteous, anger, gives unreasoning destroyed precious by in energy. atomic everyone interested Now

laboratories and major used in atomic energy much more meaning to the kind of meekness the Savior must radioactive content with universities. Indicates sparkles of light. Sturdy, durable, portable as $3 have had in mind. We shall never have a satisfactory

20Post- watch; needs pocket no power source. a paid dominion over ourselves or over anything else until we learn eyepositioning rubmagnification. Has power

Weber shield.also manufactureUsable in daylightPROFESSIONALor lighted androom.STANDto control our tempers.

models. ARD

carrying ore sample, Uranium Penn, Fruits of Solitude, 1693. all supplied with models. FULL

5:5. pouch,WRITTENinstructionsGUARGenesis2Wiliiam"Matthew 1:2631. ANTEE.

Valuable PROSPECTOR'S HANDBOOK ATOMIC—

ores, field, data on radioactive methods, lab and mill in informationpacked pages. maps, Everything 54

to you need about this vital know new field. $1 Jhe. Spoken Word from temple square

separately Postpaid.—You bettercan sendyet, fororderHandbookboth today!or GeigerscopeWrite to PRESENTED OVERSYSTEM,KSL ANDOCTOBERTHE COLUMBIA17, 1954 BROADCASTING KEN RESEARCH SALES Copyright, 1954

681 Main Street Hackensack 6, N. J.

932 heimpr6vement"era UmMMcMCJiMieMcMi

Dollar THE BIGGEST Working on Your Ranch

A dollar can do a lot more work if it's

Al! these—with this one tractor investedgineering. in AllisChalmers tractor en-

k Automatic Traction Booster In the Model CA, your dollars buy the k TwoClutch Power Control outstanding tractor in its class... a

* PowerShift Wheel Spacing spinnertypetractor that AllisChalmerscan handle a plowtwobottom,and a * SNAPCOUPLER for QuickHitch wide range of other deep tillage loads.

implements Here is a new engineering concept in * Complete Hydraulic System ranch power... less bulk, more brawn

k Smooth HelicalGear Transmission... at lower cost... plus features that

enable you to handle more kinds of work faster. it Full crop and implement clearance easier,

FreeSwing * for implements, led from You don't have to "baby"the CA. Give single hitchpoint a it your tough jobs—subsoiling, chiseling,

listing, deep plowing. Give it the difficult

precision work, too—seeding, planting,

close cultivation. You'll find the CA is

$1564 f.o. b. factory the huskiest, handiest, liveliest tractor

you ever operated.

Model CA Tractor complete with above features plus power takeoff, adjustable front Your AllisChalmers dealer will gladly axle, front standard rear tires, and foot let you try a CA on the toughest workbrakes, belt pulley, starter fenders, and lights.:s5

Implements are extra. proving test on your ranch. Just ask him.

JWW/W/7/?77Wf/W?

SNAPCOUPLER is on AllisChalmers trademorfc CHALMERSMILWAUKEE 1, U. S. A.

DECEMBER 1954 933 CHRISTMAS IN NUTSHELL The minute Anne lifted the dress, she knew this was the one she wanted.

(Continued from page 865) pie running around look so foolish!"It was a deep rich velvet with a bustle

into her face. "Oh, it is beautiful!"she thought, "yes, as foolish as of creamy lace. The top was low on

she exclaimed. chickens with their heads cut off!"the shoulders, but modestly filled with

a high yoke of tucked lace, buttoning There in the package lay a cluster She checked her list—Cuff links

of three nutshells tied together with for Dad, gun set for little brother up the back with tiny velvet buttons.

ribbon. Nestling in each shell cup Jamie—"I wonder if he still believes "I'll take it over to Mrs. Morgant's.

She can fit it, then get it pressedwas a tiny bouquet of delicate flowers in Santa?"she mused—Blouse for her

while I get my hair done."Shewhich Becky had painstakingly best friend, Gloria, and—Oh dear!

fashioned from her own hair and She'd have to get something for paused in front of the old dresser to some softly tinted down feathers. Carla Mitchell. Carla had given her admire herself in the mirror. "Yes,"

"Do you like it?"Becky asked a compact last year, and Anne hadn't she sighed, "This green really shows

anxiously. had a gift for her. It had been very my blonde hair off to advantage. I'll

"It's so beautiful,"said Mama, the embarrassing. "I'll get her some perhave my hair sprinkled with glistentears brimming in her eyes. "I fume,"Anne decided, "and then she ing snow and pin it with a sprig of

will wear it on my dress this very probably won't have a gift for me holly and mistletoe. I really beSunday. I will wear it to church this year! Oh, well."lieve I'll win the prize!"

for all to see!"Anne stepped out of the car and She held the dress carefully and

pushed her way along the street. The hurried down the stairs. Once inAnne glanced again at the small stores were crowded, and she heaved side her room she shook out the folds

envelope which lay on her dress- a sigh of relief when she crossed the of the skirt. As she did so, a small

ing table and an expression of minlast name from her list. She started package wrapped in tissue dropped

gled pleasure and distaste came into back to the car—then suddenly she to the floor.

herburne—Anneface. MisslookedRebeccaat Annethe nameOsgiftremembered,for Mother!she hadn't bought a as "What'sshe stoopedthis?"tosheretrievesaid in it.surpriseShe

which caused her displeasure. Why "I'll put these packages in the car, opened the tissue, and there lay three

had Mother picked such a revoltingly then I'll go back and get that rhinenutshells filled with a tiny cluster oldfashioned name as Rebecca? It stone pin in McMonah's Jewelry."of delicate flowers. "Oh, how quaint!

sounded as if it belonged in a log I wonder how it would look on the cabin or a musty old book! Just Anne climbed the stairs to the atdress?"

because Grandmother Gregerson had tic and unlocked the door. She She eyed it critically. "If I took

been named Rebecca, Becky Hansen, groped in the dimness and finally off the ribbon and tied it with a bitshe was called. Oh, well, Rebecca found the light switch. of gold—"She worked quickly, then

was her name, and there seemed to "My goodness, but it's gloomy up with a dubious expression held it up be nothing she could do about it here!"she exclaimed, "Mother ought to survey the results. Her eye caught

except inform everyone that she to have the attic remodeled. It sight of the small words printed on

preferred to be called Anne. Anycould be rather nice and cozy, but the back. On each shell were two

way, if she was going to the party then, she's only interested in imwords; together they read—To Mama

with Bob tonight she had better get pressing people, not making cozy at-—Merry Christmas—Love Becky.

busy. tics.""Grandma must have given this to

She snatched her coat from the She picked her way past furniture her mother for Christmas! Can you

back of the chair and fairly flew and boxes. "Mother said I'd find imagine! My, how times have

down the hall. Grandmother's dresses in the big changed."But for a moment she

"Where are you going, Anne?"trunk in the corner. Now if I can felt a twinge of envy, thinking of the

Mrs. Osburne called as she saw her only get to it. I'm supposed to be love and closeness that Grandma

daughter hurrying toward the door. dressed as the 'Spirit of Christmas must have felt with her mother, to

"I've got to do some shopping, Past.'I hope I can find something give such a simple, intimate gift.

Mother, and I've really got to rush suitable.""I can imagine my mother's face

if I make it to the party."Anne She climbed over an old table and if I gave her nutshells for Christmas!

opened the door. "I'll talk to you moved an old chiffonier with creakIt's not sentiment that counts anywhen I get back,"she flung over ing casters, and finally reached her more, it's money,"she thought bither shoulder as she went out. goal. The lid was heavy with dust, terly, then with a mock flippancy

She hopped into her new cream and Anne couldn't resist tracing her added, "and thank goodness, the Osconvertible and eyed it proudly as name with her finger before lifting burnes have plenty of what counts!"

she started the motor. This was her the lid and delving into the trunk's She laughed, then dropped the

Christmas present from the family. contents. shells into the white box on her

Of course she had it two months As she lifted each dress, her exdresser. "I'll lay it in here with

early, but as she told Dad, she'd citement grew. "Why, these are Mother's rhinestone pin so it won't

rather have it at the beginning of lovely!"she exclaimed unbelievingly. get broken until time for the party.

school and be able to use it than "I didn't expect anything like this."On second thought, I won't wear it.

wait until Christmas, anyway. ChristThere were filmy summer dresses and It's really too silly. I'll take it upmas was just for kids and Anne was odd straight dresses of the '20's. Sudstairs with the dress tomorrow."

sixteen. denly near the bottom of the trunk She swept the dress gaily into her

As she drove along the busy streets, she spied a dress of dark green velarms and hurried out. The clock

her irritation grew. "All these peovet. was chiming four. "I've got to run

934 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

if I'm ready by eight!"she said, "I

won't have time to get my presents wrapped, but I can have the maid do it for me. I'll go tell her right

now."Anne opened one sleepy eye and looked at the clock, fifteen minutes to eight, it said. She pulled the

covers up over her head. Jamie was

shooting it up in the living room Wicks Pipe Organ with his new guns. inUnionthe First L.D.S.

"Why do kids get up at such unWard Church, earthly hours?"she moaned. "A Salt Lake City

person can't get any peace and quiet!"

The gunplay continued. *\

she Reluctantly and slipped sat up scuffs.her feet into her as well select a (P)WieL(XJiMb iKrijmtG and be sure "Just

get up. Can't sleep with Jamie of the FINEST in every price range

thinking he's Hopalong Cassidy."Of

course, it was Christmas morning and Wicks Organs are skillfully fashioned by you had to make some allowances. craftsmen who combine a deep

She threw her robe over her shoulunderstanding of pipe organ traditions with ders and plodded sleepily down the the newest technical advantages. Let us

hall. The rest of the family would show you how an incomparable Wicks

have their presents open. She wonOrgan can be built to suit your exact

dered how they liked her gifts. As musical needs—and your budget, too.

she splashed her face with cold water and gave her hair a quick brush, she RECENT WICKS INSTALLATIONS IN L.D.S. CHURCHES INCLUDE THE FOLLOWING:

pondered on this question. Chandler, Arizona... Gilbert Ward Chapel

"I wonder how Mother liked the Edgar,Laveen,Arizona.Arizona.....Glendale..'. 6th Ward,Ward,PhoenixPhoenixStakeStake

pin? Of course, it's only rhineMesa, Arizona...7th Ward, Mesa Stake

stones, and she should have nothing American Fork, Utah...6th and 8th Ward, Alpine Stake

. 1st L.D.S. East Jordan Stake.Union Ward,

. Ensign Stake East Ensignless than diamonds, but at least it SaltSalt LakeLake City,City, Utah.Utah. Ward,

wasn't shells! I guess she won't care Woods Cross, Utah...South Bountiful L.D.S. Ward

enough to notice what it is though Evanston, Wyoming...3rd Ward, Woodruff Stake

or even wear it."

She sauntered nonchalantly into the living room. Mother and Dad

were on the floor by the tree, and

Jamie was brandishing a couple of sixshooters. WICKS ORGAN COMPANY HIGHLAND, ILLINOIS

"Stick 'em up! I gotcha covered!"Western Representatives of The House of Wicks

he shouted, crouching at Anne with RICHARDCHARtES E.W.GROVESALIEN....*..10708.. 17 GtenedenFirst Northwest,Ave., OaklandSeattle 33,11, Wash.Calif.

a fierce scowl. "Boy, Sis! This is MAURICE J. PLOG 17155 Baiter St., Van Nuys, Calif.

just what I needed. Must of cost MELVINLYNN H. W.HANSENDUNN 60311258thEastAve.,4th Ave.,Salt LakeMesa,City,ArizonaUtah

you a fortune though. Thanks."

"You're welcome,"she answered with an indulgent smile.

"The cuff links are perfect,"Dad said, holding up the box.

"And the pins were lovely."Mrs.

Osburne's enthusiasm was genuine. HOW MUCH WOULD IT COST

She nodded toward the rhinestones, lying in the white box on the floor. TO REPLACE YOUR HOME?

"The rhinestones are very beautiful, but this"—she put her hand to her The average homeowner today cardress—"this is the sweetest thing you ries only 40% enough fire insurance. Let us check your

have ever given to me! Where on He's thinking backward to what his replacement vah

earth did you find it? It's enchantproperty cost, instead of forward to

it would cost to REPLACE it. ues for you.ing—and I couldn't be more touched what

with the words you had inscribed on the back—from Becky! I alwayswanted you to go by that name, it UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

makes me feel closer to you. Heber J. Grant & Co., General Agents Salt Lake City

(Continued on following page) DECEMBER 1954 935 CHRISTMAS IN NUTSHELL

time the first up. This was

put ever that 24 Hour She(Continuedcame overfrom toprecedingAnne page)and put chokedin years Mother had service her arms around her daughter. her arms around her, and there were

365 days a year Anne's eyes bulged, and her throat tears in Mother's eyes. Cold, aloof

Electric l/Ukat fs Jruithi words will not be new to some—but it is always WATER These Richard L. Evans

timely to talk about truth. "What is truth?"Of course,

a word means only what we allow it to mean within ourHEATING selves or by common consent. And by some, "truth"has

been defined as a relative term, as something that is subject costs the to shifting. If a person proclaims what is generally believed as to con be truth by common true—what average at sent believes sincerely particular if he any what time—andis accepted family it is is telling truth. the he says, This said by some that he

only may sound acceptable until we reduce it to specific cases.

about But the classic contradiction frequently referred to is that 10c people once believed and proclaimed that the world was flat a day They sincerely believed so, and when they said it they

Buy From Or Plumber Your Dealer thought they were telling the truth—but that didn't make

the world flat, and the truth was and is that the world was

Be Modern not and is not flat. And so we could multiply examples of

what people have believed and have not believed, and inLive Electrically evitably come only to the conclusion that no matter what

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. men at a given time happen to believe, if it isn't true, their

belief doesn't make it so, no matter how sincere. And no

doubt many of today's theories and hypotheses and dogmatic declarations will someday seem as absurd as some that have been disproved in the past. It must be so, because some

—andtheoriestruthcome cannotin conflictcomewithin otherconflicttheorieswith truth.(and withTruthfacts)is

eternal. "Truth is knowledge of things as they are, and as

they were, and as they are to come;... The Spirit of truth

is of God."1 "And ye shall know the truth, and the truth

shall make you free."2 A falsehood or an error couldn't

make a man free. And so we must conclude that truth must

basically be the same yesterday, today—and forever. It can

be discovered. It can be lost. Our knowledge of it can be

increased. Popular conceptions concerning it can change

but not truth. And it doesn't matter where truth is found

or who discovers it—it should be accepted, so long as it is

truth. Likewise, it doesn't matter where falsehood is found,

it should be rejected—no matter what credentials it comes

with. And always we have the obligation, earnestly, intelligently, prayerfully, to distinguish between the two. These

three are blessed qualities of character: a heart, a mind, that

'':::*:::::$>'''arrangements Make is doubt for Univerthe now

sity study of:::*'"V Utah is in,

:-::*.;- '"'""$$:$&: -:vlv<:: oris openseemingto truth;discrepancy—tothe patiencewaitto untilwait whenmore evidencethere visiting tour, England,

France, Italy, Switzerland, until more "pieces are put in place; and the courage to accept

Holland, and BelGermany, gium. U. of U. credits obtainand use truth when it comes into our lives. "Know the

able; tour approximately 60

to days. Cost York York) (Newlasts New truth"—seek it—live by it—"and the truth shall make you

For tour $1095.00. complete and trip free."* in the arrangements, place world any

at no additional cost to you. Call 5-6552

or 5-5924 now, for further information. 'Revised.

iD. & C. 93:24, 26.

UNIVERSAL 2John 8:32. "3L Spoken la/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

Jravel 3ervice PRESENTED OVERSYSTEM,KSL ANDSEPTEMBERTHE COLUMBIA26, 1954 BROADCASTINGCopyright, 1954

Temple Square Hotel - Salt Lake City 936 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Mother, crying for joy—and the pin.

Now, there it was on Mother's dress, tied with a gold ribbon—three nutshells!

Anne felt the tears stinging her own eyes. Maybe Mother did care

after all. "Strange,"she thought,

"that such a little thing could recover whatyears—andI've beenMothermissingmust haveall thesebeen

missing it, too."

Dad came over to them. Anne

noticed that even he seemed to be affected by this "reunion"—his voice

seemed a bit husky.

"It looks like we've found our

Christmas in a nutshell,"he said, and together they walked into the dining room for breakfast.

And Jamie? Why, he was so impressed that he forgot to take his

guns to the table!

The Spirit of Christmas

(Continued from, page 863) the sight of the row of stockings hanging there. The children had hung

them with full confidence that no matter what happened Santa would never forget them.

She glanced again at the letters in her lap, she knew the message each contained. Here was John's; he was

leaving for a business trip to Portland. He would call on his return

home, later in the week. And there

was Katherine's; her husband's folks

were coming for dinner Christmas evening. She would have to stay

home and prepare for them. And

Carol was going to Los Angeles with her husband. They wouldn't return

until after the Rose Bowl game on

New Year's day. Roger was just too

busy to come home for Christmas SEE YOUR this year. He would have to work SINCLAIR DEALER

all through the holidays. There was

a short note from Jim saying they had been told there would be no

Christmas furloughs given his outfit this year. It looked as if he might

soon be leaving for overseas. Baby

Esther, now in college, was going to spend Christmas with a girl friend and hoped they didn't mind. Of

course they all sent their love and wished them a very merry Christmas.

But somehow that didn't fill the empty place in their hearts and home.

The kitchen door rattled, and a cold draft blew across the floor. She

arose and pulled her shawl closer (Continued on page 939) DECEMBER 1954 937..

NEW VISUAL AID

*CHi AR0 sfnd tkeu shall teach

iecr a,mvi.

Richard L. Evans

Ane of the most moving scenes of sacred writ is the one wherein the Savior said, "Suffer little children, and forbid them not, to come unto me: for of such is the kingdom of

heaven."1 This, coupled with an earlier utterance, suggests

the sweetness and cleanness with which children come here

THREEWAY VISUAL BOARD from the presence of the Father: "And Jesus called a little

child unto him, and set him in the midst of them, And said,

One side is a flannelboard size Verily I say unto you, Except ye be converted, and become 24"x36". The other side has a washas little children, ye shall not enter into the kingdom of

able blackboard on one half and a heaven."2 And then he added a sentence that suggests the

posting board on the other. $3.50 weight of responsibility that the presence of children imposes

postpaid. Other styles and sizes, too. upon us, and which suggests also the gravity of the offense

of destroying faith: "But whoso shall offend one of these

ERAS BOUND - $3.00 postpaid. little ones which believe in me, it were better for him that

Song books rebound for wards. a millstone were hanged about his neck, and that he were

drowned in the depth of the sea.":i In a wellknown work

Write for details. of literature Prince Myshkin had this sentence to say: "The

soul is healed by being with children."4 Healed, yes—-and

UTAH BOOKBINDING COMPANY also searched. Perhaps we are never more open to searching

scrutiny than when the eyes of a child are upon us. And

3021 South State Street SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH so often we underestimate their understanding. As Emerson

Telephone 843871 observed, "[Boys] know truth from counterfeit as quick as the chemist does. They detect weakness in your eye and

behavior... before you open your mouth...."5 Don't try

to hide your heart from a child. Children have a way of

seeing inside. And our teaching must be more than talking.

We must be careful what they feel from us, what they see inside us, besides the things we say. They come here clean

and sweet and teachable, from the Father of us all, and we have an inescapable obligation to teach and train them early, and not to leave their teaching to chance—to teach them

reverence and righteousness and respect, honor and obedience, to teach them faith, to teach them truth. "And again,

inasmuch as parents have children in Zion,... that teach

them not to understand... the sin be upon the heads of

the parents. * * * And they shall also teach their children

to pray, and to walk uprightly before the Lord.""I have

commanded you to bring up your children in light and truth.

..."7 And "whoso shall offend one of these little ones which

believe in me, it were better for him that... he were drowned

in the depth of the sea."3 Such is the inescapable obligation

imposed by the presence of children, and such is the gravity of the offense of destroying faith—in children, in youth, or,

for that matter, in anyone at all.

My very best book 1Matthew 19:14.

18:2-3. for everyone 8 to from 80 -'Matthew"Matthew

story Ideals of Courage A and 4Fyodor Dostoevsky, 18:6. The Idiot, chapter VI.

It's Humorous and Heartwarming 5Ralph Waldo Emerson, Education, 1865.

D. & C. 68:25, 28.

ORA PATE STEWART mid., 93:40.

Kaysville, Utah

Please send copies of Pages From

Book of Eve, at $2:50 each, autographed and Jke Spoken l/Uord from temple sojjare gift wrapped.

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

Name: SYSTEM, OCTOBER 3, 1954

Address Copyright, 1954

938 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Spirit of Christmas (Continued from page 937) about her shoulders. Walking slowly to the kitchen, she closed the door

thinking she would have to remind

Dad to fix the lock in the morning.

Her glance strayed to the empty -mm %mantel and the corner where the

Christmas tree had always stood; i

then she slowly climbed the stairs.

For a long time she lay listening to the wind as it shook the shutters theand rattled the kitchen door. From Wherein

the shadows of the past came memories of those precious scenes of long ago; and she lived again those happy

hours when the children were yet small and stood starryeyed before the wonder of the Christmas tree. She

dreamed of later years when the family gathered around the piano and do you want to go?

sang the Christmas carols and old hymns they loved so well. At last

her dream became confused—was it

the angels—or was it the children Western is your Skyway to sunfilled vacationlands!

who sang to the shepherds the glorious message of "Peace on earth, good SALT LAKE CITY will toward men."

She didn't hear Dad when he arose to light the fire. The first she realized that she had slept was when IAS VEGAS

Dad called, "Mother! Mother! What

is the meaning of this?"

Hurriedly she drew on a robe and ran to join him on the stairs. They LOS ANGELES

stared in wonder and amazement at the scene below.

A bright fire danced merrily in the SAN [ fireplace, and the room was aglow with soft light from a lighted ChristTake your choice of fast flights to the Sun mas tree. From the mantel hung Country... to the "Golden Triangle"between

six stockings filled to the top. Was Los Angeles, Las Vegas, Palm Springs, and she dreaming?

They turned quickly as doors beSan Diego. OnlyWestern serves them allwith

gan opening behind them, and one exclusive DC6B nights to Los Angeles... and

beloved face after another appeared, fast, pressurized Convairs to Las Vegas, Palm shouting "Merry Christmas, Mother Springs, and San Diego. Connecting flights

and Dad."from Las Vegas to Phoenix and Tucson, too!

"Hope you're not put out because we came,"said John.

"We just couldn't stay away,"explained Carol, "No matter how busy we all were or what plans we had made."Every one of them, from John to

Esther, came bounding down the hallway to greet the happy couple on the stairs. After affectionate greetings they ran on to romp like sixyear-olds around the Christmas tree.

Oh, it was a wonderful day, from the opening of the gifts in the morning to the lovely Christmas dinner airlines with turkey and all the trimmings. WESTERN

(Concluded on following page) DECEMBER 1954 939 Ihe Spirit of Christmas

(Concluded from preceding page)

Then gathering around the old piano they sang Christmas carols and the oldtime songs they loved so well.

As the evening shadows began to fall, the last goodbyes were said, and Mother and Dad were once more alone before the fire. Their

minds were filled with joyful memories of the day which only last evening had promised to be so empty.

At length Dad reached out his hand, and Mother placed hers within it.

His smile held all the tenderness and understanding of their years of companionship.

"Are you happy?"he asked. "Has

this Christmas really been as wonderful as those when you and I worked from early morning until late at night trying to bring happiFor Inspired Education sters?ness intoOf coursethe livesit wasof thosegrand younghaving

all—theyall of themfurnishedhere. everything.But they didTheyit Choose Your Church University did all the work and made the sacrifices to come and bring us this Christmas. You know, I'm inclined to

These students in one of the great B.Y.U. think they got the larger part of the

assemblies come from every state in Christmas joy."

the union and dozens of foreign counThe pressure upon his hand told tries to make B.Y.U. the fastest growhim that Mother agreed.

ing university in the West. Church

members the world over recognize it as

THEIR university, for here they learn A Very Special Night to live as well as to make a living. (Continued from page 869)

Grow with your CHURCH university.

Plan now to attend winter quarter. the tub, she went to the door and

knocked, asking, "May I come in?"

Registration—January 3 She was aware of the brief hesitation before the girl said, "Sure,"and

opened the door for her. She stepped

close to her head in clusters of BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY wasinto the steamy room. Julie's hair

small curls. "Look at my hair,"

PROVO, UTAH she cried, 'Til never be able to fix it."

For FILMS CHOICE From 375 Titles to Choose gift that extra special Christmas -*-A fewthe momentsstreet, a later,dozenwalkingthings downwent

Of Special Interest at Reasonable Rental For that special missionary through Anna's mind, but the thing that special For serviceman OLIVER COWDERY settled that Julie she finally on was that special For friend THE LAND CHOICE boy, someone another going with was

DISNEY FILMS Send that special book WALT she was afraid they wouldn't like. It in Technicolor

OLD and NEW TESTAMENT The Ten Commandments couldn't be that she didn't have a

Films, Bible Subjects Today date, not tonight of all times.

FILMS FREE MANY for her Tillie door opened the As for all Church members for or Idaho Shipment Utah surprised very then she looked and... to Catalog Send orders or Information For

Write, Wire or Call YMMIA YWMIA happy, "Why, Anna,"she whispered, 50 North Main 40 North Main "Merry Christmas."

City Salt Lake 1, Utah cheek, her "Merry Anna kissed HILLAAAS

Office Place, Salt Lake City, Utah 54 Post into Price: too."to you, Christmas Going $.75

Phone 3-5417 the room she said, "I want you to 940 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

come over and have supper with us in about an hour. You know how

we celebrate."Announcing an

"Yes, I know. And it's sweet of

you to ask me—but my nephew is UNUSUALLY IMPORTANT BOOKhere from California. He wanted to

see a white Christmas. We will have For all Christians, Jews and Muslims

dinner tomorrow."

There was nothing for Anna to say except, "Bring him, of course.

We'd love to have him."Sponsored by the

"Well, if you're sure. I want him UNITED STATES JUNIOR

to meet Julie, anyway."

A flicker of hope stirred in Anna, CHAMBER of COMMERCE but she thrust it aside thinking, "Oh, it couldn't be. Not at this late hour."

Then, before she could speak, the telephone rang. Tillie answered it,

said, "It's for you, Anna."

Anna took the receiver, heard Julie's voice saying, "Mom, what do he—heyou think?can't go.Bill He'sjust sickphonedor somethatthing—

She managed, "I'm sorry, honey. 75 superb photographs in full color

I'll be right home."

She picked up her wrap, started door, the she couldtoward but before Cradle of Our Faith tallleave a handsome and extremely young man came into the room. TilBY JOHN C. TREVER

lie said, "This is Tom, my nephew.

Tom Wright, Mrs. McBride."of OnceOur Faithin a whileis onea oftrulythoseoutstandingbooks, a religiousbook appears.masterpiece,Cradle

Anna smiled at him, he smiled in the story of faith retold in the vivid idiom of color and return. Then, Tillie asked, "Was narrative.The Holy Land—revered by Jews, Catholics, Muslims and

there anything wrong at home?"Protestants—is portrayed in 75 superb, fullcolor phototaken the on Dr. spot by C. Trever, widely John for the graphs yes. Julie's date "No—well, for the important in part he known the played discovery of she's is sick.big And dance tonight the Scrolls, famed Sea Dead

chairman. Of course, I guess her Working with the assistance of the leaders of the four

father can take her."She laughed unforgettablefaiths, Dr. Treversitesweavesin thetheHolystoryLand,of Scripturesthus directingaround thethe

a little. But Tillie in her forthright reader always towards the Word of God. The result is a

way spoke up, "Why should he? If moving, devout and distinguished book.

Tom's coming over to eat anyway Standard edition, introductory offer until January I why couldn't he? You'd like that, 1955S3.00, after Jan.l, $3.73. Deluxe edition $5.00.

wouldn't you, Tom?"

He grinned at her rather impudently, "Anything you say, Aunt TilNEWSFOTO PUBLISHING COMPANY lie."Box 1392 San Angelo, Texas

Anna hesitated, "I don't know.

She might think it was all a plan."

"But you didn't know her date was sick when you came over,"Tillie asNEED CRYING A MEETS KIND FIRST OF ITS call "I'll her."her.sured have Tom presimply yet thoroughly, little "Eight"illustrated is a colorful "Eight"

of Gosfirst principles the the the sents approaching children for interbook a minute,""W-wait Tom.. in time, form story a at pel, one accountability. of age

child the right to directed cleverly lived "She's torupted, then Anna, language. understandable in his own

alone too much."by Lloyd Larson, Jr,

Anna had paused to admire anper copy 65cother window, Christmas neighbor's BOOKS JUNIOR doz. per Vz $3.50 Pasadena she got home,and when Tom Rd. Lombardy had of3095 per $6.00

10, Calif. Pasadena sales tax in Calif, her: called. add greetedalready Julie doz.3%

"Mother, did you invite that boy over Enclosedin paymentpleaseof find checkcopiesor moneyof "Eight."order Pleasefor $ mail to me

at the following address: prepaid I'm so postagehere

or print) (Please type just—just because—oh,

ashamed."Her mother looked surprised. She NAME.

answered blandly firmly, "I didn't STREET.CITY. STATE (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1954 941 A Very Special Night SMpPm* (Continued from preceding page) flUM **>i**>?!?<"WO* evenover toknowask heTilliewasover.there Couldwhen II wenthelp

it that you called, that they heard?

It was Tillie's idea to have him call."

"Haven't you seen that dreamy convertible over there the last couple of days?"

"Goodness, there are cars on the street all the time. Now, I must

hurry supper. You'd better start the

table."The girl was silent, but her mother could see the soft glow in her eyes, could hear her humming the strains of "Holy Night"along with the radio of the Mountain West as she took down the best china and glassware.

You can stay in step with the passing parade of events in this Mrs. McBride said, "Your father,

area by reading your Deseret News and Telegram. The finest, dear soul, brought you a corsage.

sent most thorough, most interestingly written news comes to you You could say—your date—had it—-or something."

through this paper daily. There is none better.

Julie nodded, scarcely listening.

Mr. McBride was in the living

room. Larry, who had scrubbed until

his forehead reflected the turnedon tree lights, stood before the enormous pifion pine, his eyes large, his mouth open in his excitement. He breathed

deeply, "A Christmas tree's the most beautiful thing in the world, I bet."

Then his eyes began their search beneath the lowest boughs. There

were packages of various sizes and shapes, wrapped in a variety of bright paper, tied with brighter ribbons, but none big enough to be a sleigh. Turning to his father, he said, "How did

Santa Claus come to leave these here so early? Some kids say they don't

get theirs till Christmas morning."

"Well—theseHis father areclearedsome—thathis throat.one of

his helpers dropped off early—last

night. The old boy himself will probably be around with some more tonight. But not many, I don't imagine."Salt Lake's

most popular dining spot "Not"Well,thewesledcan'tI want,ever Ihavebet."everything. There are lots of little boys."

"But I've been good,"his mouth pouted. Mr. McBride put his hand

on his shoulder, "Dinner's about ready, and company's coming. Shall SHOP we put the chairs up?"

Hotel Utah Max Carpenter, Manager

Tillie spoke up, "And I guess it's

Bring the children—we love them! up to us to do the dishes."

942 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Anna smiled, whispering to her, "Not until Santa has been here. We

always play the same little game.

Probably by next year Larry will be too big."When Julie had changed into her FAST

formal, she called her sixyear-old brother, asking him to get her slippers from under the bed. While

he was back in her room there wassuddenly a loud knocking at the STARTS door, then a swift jingling of small sleigh bells, and a hearty voice, calling, "Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night."And a slamming of the door again. ANYTIME

Larry came rushing from the bedroom, "Where is he, where is he?"

he inquired excitedly, "I never get to see him."

"But he's in such a hurry,"his mother assured him, "He just couldn't stop and talk to all the little boys. He

won't get to some until morning as it is.""Look what he left under the tree,"his father exclaimed excitedly, "more gifts."UTOCO 6AS0LINE Larry rushed over to them, picked MTU

up the largest one, crying, "It looks.. Now Seasonized for Winter

gee, it looks just like a sled. Can I

open it?"UTOCO seasonized gasoline brings you champion car

performance regardless of the season. Mr. McBride looked at his watch,

sighed, "I guess there's no stopping It's refinery balanced four times each year to meet the you."driving requirements of each season. Right now UTOCO

gasoline is refined for quick starts, flashing pickup. It's the

Larry tearing the was from paper best gasoline we've ever produced—in our 45year history.

gift,the sled, which indeed was a when Tom came to the door, rapped & quickly, crying, "Merry, Merry Christmas."Let's * He was holding a corsage box in GO

his hand and was smiling down onJulie. She smiled back at him, and wfth UTOCO! LHlco

her mother thought that surely she looked like a Christmas angel. UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY

"Here's an orchid, but it doesn't match nearly so well as those roses have in youryou hand other even if anHere's the milk that helps to you."guy gave them

"I could take the roses off the dress,"hesitantly, she suggested, and you be a better cook! "Afterhe interrupted, all the work

your mother has put into it? I heard

the neighbors talking, and how I envied the boy who was taking you. I

guess there is a Santa Claus."

Larry had left his sled for a moment and was standing before the tall young man, saying, "You sound a lot like him. But you sure don't

look like Santa Claus."

DECEMBER 1954 943 Melchizedek Priesthood

is done. It should further be kept

Melchizedek Priesthood Quorum Presidencies in mind that there are certain quorum responsibilities which should not and Quorum Committees be assigned to committees. For the

discharge of such responsibilities the

Introductory Statement presidencies. It should be the objecquorum president and his counselors

tive of Priesthood quoMelchizedek (presidents of seventy), in quorums of issue the July 1954, The Impresidencies to help rum every memshould acting assume as a presidency, article Era,Inprovement an apof a to their to attain ber quorums responsibility. retain the and Among Priestpeared on the Melchizedek 2 to state of spiritual a wellbeing and duties are these following: the

entitled pagehood "RESPONSIBILof 1. degree independence economic and the acquainted with become ToITIES PRIESTOF MELCHIZEDEK assure will material wellbeing that atticharacter, qualifications, and PRESIDENHOOD QUORUM adequate food, clothing, fuel, houstudes of all quorum members. items inCIES."Certain the followother physical coming, and needed calls personal upon make 2. Toing article are to similar somewhat

forts, educational advantages and least at for each once quorum member article; items in thatsome however,

it is deemed wise to print this article himself and his family. a year, and oftener when necessary,

presidency should Each quorum giving blessdeserved commendation, itin exact the that form prepared was a secretary the appoint quorum from sick, ing encouraging bethe and ofby a committee the General Auit membership, quorum duty whose reaved, discouraged, ever seeking andthorities representing the general is minutes, currecords keep to make to desires and awaken renew goodpriesthood of committee the Church.

rent, reports, render graphs, prepare indifferent among members. quorum article will the replace not This

statistics, compile perform such and foster stake 3. encourage and To it is that suggested one,previous but other duties as are assigned the by service. foreign missionary and of presidencies the use bothquorum 1 presidency. quorum 4. work. temple promote Toarticles for their guidance.

Quorum presidencies should or- 5. To keep in constant touch with

Responsibilities of Quorum ganize committees as hereinafter adall quorum members away from

Presidencies vised. They cannot, however, therehome (this includes the implementare- the relieve themselves from by tion of the servicemen's program) The management of quorum affairs the sponsibility it that of seeing to

and their families at home.for the accomplishment of quorum work assigned to those committees

purposes and objectives is the con- -"Responsibilities of Melchizedek Priesthood Quotinuing responsibility of quorum The'MelchizedekImprovement PriesthoodEra, April Presidencies1954, pp. 266267,Meeting,"275. 543.rum Presidencies,"Ibid., July 1954, pp. 528529, 541THE CHURCH MOVES ON

(Concluded from page 858) Allred was sustained as second coun- 1 O The First Presidency announced president. His counselors are Elder selor. A V the appointment of Elder Phileon

Merrill A. Nelson, formerly second Bishop Thorpe B. Isaacson of the Pre- B. Robinson, Jr., of the Salt Lake City

counselor in the North Jordan Stake, siding Bishopric dedicated the remodNorth Twentieth Ward bishopric, as and Elder Seymour J. Godfrey. Wards eled and enlarged chapel of the Delta president of the Finnish Mission, sucin the Taylorsville Stake are Bennion, Second Ward, Deserct (Utah) Stake. ceeding President Henry A. Matis who

Kearns, Kearns Second, Kearns Third, has served in that position since the

Taylorsville, and Taylorsville Second. Elder LeGrand Richards of the mission was organized. President RobPresident William G. Bangeter was re12 Council of the Twelve dedicated inson filled a mission in Finland under

tained as head of the North Jordan the chapel of the Silvertown (Oregon) President Matis. With President RobStake. His new counselors are Elders Branch, Northwestern States Mission. inson will go his wife, the former HorEldon Verne Breeze and Dennis T. Dial. i J Elder LeGrand Richards of the tense Burton, and their two small daughThe stake is now composed of the -*- * Council of the Twelve dedicated ters.

Granger, Granger Second, Granger the chapel of the Redmond (Oregon) President Stephen L Richards of the

Third, Granger Fourth, Hunter, Hunter Branch, Northwestern States Mission. First Presidency dedicated the chapel

Second, Redwood, and Redwood SecPresident Bruce R. McConkie of the of the SpanishAmerican Branch, East

ond wards. President Joseph Fielding First Council of the Seventy dedicated Phoenix (Arizona) Branch.

Smith and Elder Mark E. Petersen of the chapel of the Pine Bluff (Arkansas)

the Council of the Twelve directed Branch, Central States Mission.

these changes. 1 H The annual conference of the

B. Murray, formerly Elder Wilford

to President counselorsecond Serge J. 15 thePresidentFirst CouncilBruce R.of McConkiethe Seventyof *-Church'Spanishspeakingbegan in Mesa, membersArizona. ofTemthe

Lauper of the San Francisco Stake, was dedicated the chapel of the Hayti ple sessions in the Arizona Temple were sustained as first counselor, succeeding (Missouri) Branch, Central States Misheld from October 18, through OctoElder Ira I. Somers. Elder Wallace N. sion. ber 21.

944 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 6. To provide adequate class inof the reporting committee is the employment, for and by otherwise

struction (including able teachers) group leader. In such a case, the improving the economic status of

and facilities. 3 quorum presidency will appoint some their own quorum members.

7. To teach all quorum members member other than the group leader b. In assisting bishops in their welhow priesthood ordinances should be to the bishop's ward welfare comfare functions (this includes obtainperformed. mittee. Ordinarily, each group ing the information to be entered on

Quorum presidencies should hold should be represented on each of the the welfare green record card).

a regular presidency's council meetthree committees.) 4. Arranging transportation to

ing each week. 4 Available at these As quorum presidencies review in church functions for quorum memmeetings should be records of attheir weekly council meetings rebers who need it.

tendance at and minutes of recent sponsibilities of their high callings, presidency, quorum, and group meettheir quorum projects and their acChurch Service Committee ings, together with a current record tivity programs, and consider each Chairman: Counselor to quorum

covering every quorum member. The quorum member's status and needs president (in quorums of seventy, a

information on this current record in relation to church standards and president).

should include the following: Name glorious ideals of the gospel of Jesus Immediate Objectives: To convert

of the quorum member, date of his Christ, they will discover many every quorum member to the gospel;

birth, his address, telephone number, things which should be done for the to enlist him in some church service;

marital status, whether sealed in the perfection of the lives of their quorum and to induce him to fraternize with temple, number of children, ages, members and for the building of the his brethren of the quorum.

health, economic status, business kingdom of God. Some of these

ability, and skills, whether he needs things can be referred to the aboveFields of Action:

work or whether he is able to give named committees through their 1. Doing missionary work among

others work. chairmen, who, being members of the quorum members and their families

quorum presidency, will all be presfor the purpose of converting them to

Quorum Committees ent in the presidency's council meetthe gospel and inducing them to acTo assist them in the discharge of ing. 5 cept church standards.

some of their responsibilities, it is The following suggestions are made 2. Securing for every quorum memrecommended: as a guide to the fields in which the ber a church assignment.

1. That the presidency of each respective quorum committees can 3. Promoting social and athletic

Melchizedek Priesthood quorum orbest serve. Presidents of quorums activities.

ganize three quorum committees, as and counselors to presidents of quofollows: rums who are chairmen of those comReporting Committee

times regular arrange mittees should Personal Welfare to Counselor Chairman: quorum their respective for places comand Service Church a (in of seventy, president quorums

to that so meet, they mittees may Reporting is president). secretary quorum The activities report their the plan and 2. the president be That quorum this of to a committee. be member

effecdone. they be have work To ofthe welfare the chairman commitObjectives: Immediate keep To tive, to will these committees need tee; of the his that counselors one be records current, reports and quorum

at least or twice a meet once month. service of the comchairman Church of graphs, stareports by means and to regarding the suggestion time Amittee; his that the counselor other be tistics, keep presidency adquorum in the meetings given hold was The of the reporting committee;chairman of vised spiritual temporal conand April Era, Improvement 1954, p.that the secretary a be memquorum of ditions the members; keep quorum 267. ofber reporting the committee. general priesthood of the committee

of seventy, the quorums(NOTE: In of the Twelve, and quorum Personal Welfare Committee Council of shouldchairman each committee living members adaway from home

be a president.) Chairman: Quorum president. vised of quorum activities, accomThe quorum presidency should apImmediate Objective: To look after plishments and other news.

point to each committee from the the economic needs and responsibiliFields of Action:

enough memmembershipquorum ties of the quorum and each of its 1. Making and maintaining recthe work assignedbers to accomplish members.

as: ords, such reto the presidency the quorumby Fields Action: of a. of meetings. Minutes provided,spective committees, how-

1. raising for projects Promoting rolls. b. Attendance has the ever, that quorum where funds. quorum c. historical events. Recording the in one ward, than moremembers

2. to maintain quorum Helping reports. d. submitting and Making

of apgroup each wardmember field and in mission the members e. charts. graphs Preparing and to presidency thepointed by quorum of after welfare the economic looking f. statistics. Compiling bishop's of the wardbe a member their absence. in families their 2. of secSupervising group work shall a bewelfare member committee

3. stimulating quoTeaching and retary. committee. welfareof the quorum duties their to perform members rum 3. Publicity.

the will be This member(NOTE: programs: welfare in church a. items, pictures, Sending news cases in leader, except groupward assisting a. rehabilitating In unby to suggestions priestthe general and of the the Church chairmanwhere to find employed members quorum for committee publication. hood or the chairmanservice committee

4"Melchizedek Priesthood Presidencies Meeting,"b. Sending quorum news to those

April Doctrine Ibid., 1954, Teachers Priesthood and ""Melchizedek pp, 266267, 275. away from home. 266267, 275. Vbid., 355. 346347, pp. Classes,"1954, pp. Ibid., May

DECEMBER 1954 945 ThePresiding

Youth Speaks Group Advisers to Senior Members of Aaronic Priesthood

Should learn to Listen In his contacts with the senior members It has been wisely said that an idea of the Aaronic Priesthood to whom or thought is not ours until we express he is assigned, he is a wise group adit. It is the expression of it in word or

viser who develops the art of being a deed that makes it live and gives it good listener. Such a group adviser power. A testimony becomes stronger

encourages the senior members to talk by frequent expression of it. An inner

about themselves. He adroitly guides feeling of appreciation is given life and

the conversation by question and sugbecomes stronger through letting others gestion, for he realizes that the shortest know our gratitude. A pentup thought

and surest way to the heart is via the dies of strangulation. The group adtongue rather than the ear. He recogviser recognizes these facts. He plants

nizes the motivating power of the words the seed in the mind of the group memwhy, when, where, who, and how, and ber and lets him speak, and thus the uses them freely to stimulate the group seed germinates and grows. He nourmember to talk about himself or his ishes the growth and gives direction to

problem. it as occasion demands. Finally, it blosTruly, listening is an art. A good soms forth as a beautiful testimony of Karyl Jarvis

listener must train himself to be genuthe gospel which is the gift of God to

The following address was delivered inely interested in what is said. He will one who has attuned himself to his

by Karyl Jarvis, Vale Ward, Nyssa not merely be silent, but he will attune spirit. A group adviser should develop

(Oregon) Stake. himself to the desires, aspirations, and his ability to be a good listener and

Judge not, that ye be not judged. feelings of the group member speaking, should use it as a technique for motivatFor with what judgment ye judge, ye that his genuine interest, enthusiasm, ing senior members to become active in

shall be judged: and with what measure and concern will be felt by the speaker. the Church.

ye mete, it shall be measured to you again.

(Matt. 7:1-2.)

would know the woman who touched When Jesus saw the Pharisees apIn these words Christ tells us that we him was a sinner. proaching, he knelt down and began

are to forgive the sins of our fellow in the sand. began As they Jesus, knowing the what was writing man

to rather, concentrate, andmen on questioning write, him, to he continued the thinking, story of told him the a creditor lifeperfecting souls. of our His own to pretending not hear. quesTheir had debtors, two who of one whom

this ofis an example teaching. study A tions persisted, at however, length five and owed him hundred pence the and

of his ministry here will earth on show rose, Christ directly looked at the fifty. other only Neither of them was

that the of his majority spent, time was accusers, said, that woman's and able to his "He pay debt, however, the and not of the with priests Pharisees, the first is without sin let creditor among you frankly him forgave both. them

that day; rather but with the more at cast a stone her."knelt then He his story, finishing Christ Upon class of people, ofhumble many whom again and his writing. continued The to the turned Pharisee asked which, and as looked sinners.were upon Pharisees said but, no one, more one by his in opinion, grateful. be would more Christ his Apostles chose from drift to began until only Christ away it Pharisee the thought all The be would life, ofwalks and was them among left. the and rose Christ were woman the most owed money. Jesus man whoMatthew, publican. the after Shortly asked, and are those where "Woman, told that right judged he him had and Apostle,Matthew Christ an became thine accusers? hath no condemed man then, of said, speaking the woman, hedined with evening. Present one him thee?"told She that him had, no one sins are "Her are forgiven; many, whichat the dinner publicans. were many said, and he I "Neither do condemn for little loved she to but much: whom Pharisees this noticed askedThe and thee: go, sin and no more."(See John is forgiven, little."the loveth samethe other Apostles their Master why 8:3-11.)

to 7:47.) told (Luke was The womandined the sinners. with publicans and Apostles the asked When many how in of go her peace, that because way their Jesus, hearing question, reminded times forgive should they their enefaith sins her her forgiven. were is it that not the the well,them but mies, told they times, were not seven

I believe the exoutstanding mostsick a physician. told need who He seventy times seven. but

". of Christ's ample sinner mercy the upon I.. forthem, to call not come am sisters, Brothers these and teachings

lies in the incident place took which righteous, to sinnersthe but repentance."to apply just as us today they as much

of doors at the the temple he where 9:13.)(Matt. to did the people the were on who

sat one teaching people. morning the inoccasion another Christ was On at earth the is time It of Christ. my

taught, scribes he As the Pharisees andvited to Pharisees. of dine the with one prayer as that Latterday will Saints we

As he.entered the house and sat down brought to him a woman accused of do our best to live up to our standards

to eat, a woman stood by him weeping. adultery. Under the law of Moses this and high ideals, and will look upon

stoned, would be but they had woman knelt then bathingShe began and down our fellow men, not to condemn them brought her to Jesus that hoping he tearshis feet in her wiping and them for their shortcomings; but rather, by

with her hair. The Pharisee took note would say something which would give our own example, to instil within them

of this and thought within his heart them just cause to accuse him and a desire to live closer to the ways of that if Christ were truly a prophet, he bring him to trial. God.

946 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. Palmer

Bishoprics Page

Review of Changes in Aaronic Priesthood Program for 1955 Inspiration Vital to

direct of all the attention Aaronic Priesthood are to be included Successful Ward leaching of We ouragainstake leaders and in Form ward E for 1954.

is Aaronic Priesthood under 21 to the When a member of the priesthood changes and new features in our proWard Aaronic Priesthood Meeting appointed to a position of leadergram for 1955. ship by those in authority, he is divinely

The combined meeting of all Aaronic commissioned to officiate. In addition

Age Schedule Priesthood bearers, both senior members to the authority conferred on him by

For Ordination and those under 21, and their leaders, virtue of his office, he is entitled to inwill be conducted by the bishop and spiration commensurate with his reOn the basis of personal worthiness, his counselors during the third weekly sponsibilities. The degree to which he

young male members of the Church priesthood meeting time each month inenjoys this special gift depends on his may be ordained to offices in the stead of the second week as heretofore. doing those things which keep him

the Aaronic Priesthood according to the properly attuned to the spirit. "He is

following age schedule: Aaronic Priesthood Pin enjoying the spirit of his calling"is a

term frequently used to describe the

Age A beautiful goldfilled pin, reprosuccessful leader.

Deacons 12 and 13 duced on these pages in The ImproveWhat is it that makes it possible to

Teachers 14 and 15 ment Era for September 1954, will be enjoy the "spirit of one's calling"? How

Priests 16 to 19 awarded each bearer of the Aaronic is this blessing obtained? One of the

Priesthood who, by December 31, 1954, most vital requisites is that he shall

The bishop will continue to recomwill have earned four or more indivihave a love for people and a desire to mend worthy young men for ordination dual Aaronic Priesthood awards since help them. Another requirement is

to the Melchizedek Priesthood at age he was ordained a deacon. It will be that he shall maintain an attitude of

19 as in the past. the responsibility of the boy to establish humility with a feeling of dependence

In wards where ordinations have not proof of his eligibility to receive and upon the Lord for guidance.

yet been completed according to the wear the official Aaronic Priesthood pin Ward teachers serve in a position of above instructions, we respectfully reby presenting, to his bishop, four or leadership. They, too, in the capacity

quest our bishoprics to take care of more awards earned during his years of teachers, need to enjoy the spirit of these advancements without delay. A in the Aaronic Priesthood program. their work. They should seek for those

record of all such advancements in the Application for the pin will be made qualities as enumerated above. The

on the same blank as used for applying Lord has made clear in this dispensafor individual awards. tion that in addition toordination, the

chief requisites are obedience and huChallenging Records New Supplies mility. "And they shall observe the

covenants and church articles to do roll or teachshall these books for be their them, each quorum and New or priesthood missed a has not Marvin of the shall as Priesthood ings, will be Aaronic they group be directed by in sacrament meeting more than

Spirit. And the Spirit shall be given three years. Worthy of note is that he needed for 1955. A special order blank

for of faith; his use prayer bishop the to each and be sent unto you by tithing setwill attending missed has never

rolls. Spirit do if shall the the Please in ordering not not ye ye receive new

at of each year. the end tlement

Concerning his record, he said to his not order them on any other form. teach."(D. & C. 42:1314.)

bishop: 'Any boy who really has a

growing testimony of the greatness of Marvin Lynn Allen George Ray Henrie the priesthood can do the same thing."

Marvin is the son of Marvin M. and

Fern S. Allen, American Fork Third

Ward, Alpine (Utah) Stake.

George has attended all his ward priesthood meetings for three years and has missed only one sacrament meeting during the same period.

He enjoys the full cooperation of his understanding parents who willingly adjust even vacation plans to enable their son to attend both priesthood and sacrament meeting even while away from home.

George's father, Jerald Henrie, is adviser to the deacons'quorum and his mother is president of the Primary Association, Provo Fourth Ward, Utah

Stake.

DECEMBER 1954 947 IRIS PARKER Editor

oA Qala Qhristmas at (Margaret Jackson s

by Iris Parker &* ** J&& #* #* #* #& &&

Margaret Jackson

argaret Jackson, wife of Junius sheets and stuffing and papiermache. last year she covered the table with

M. Jackson, Bonneville stake He had a charming little face, au- a white net cloth embroidered with

president, and in her own right burn hair (made from knitting yarn), gold poinsettas and trimmed with se-M an outstanding Church worker, and he was dressed in a white shirt, quins. Under it was cream colored

makes any holiday a special event for and trousers, bolero, and little cap in taffeta. There was a centerpiece of

her family, but at Christmas time shades of green. The children had gold balls and little white angels.

there is something particularly fesfun helping make and dress the litMargaret recalls that the most untive in the air. Of course, the true tle Christmas elf, and he is stored usual of her table decorations was a

meaning of Christmas is given top away in the basement to be brought puffed rice "Christmas lady."The

emphasis and the philosophy of unout this year. puffed rice which composed the dress

selfish giving is stressed. But MarMargaret always does something was colored pale green. Her hat was

garet and her family love the Santa outstanding with the dining room darker green trimmed with holly berClaus idea, too, and all the charmtable. Sometimes the gingerbread ries. She had a white marshmallow

ing fantasy connected with the merry house is the center of interest, but muff and collar, and Margaret molded old man and his elves and pixies. her face from taffy candy tinted pale

Almost a tradition at the Jackson pink.

home is the Christmas gingerbread The Puffed Rice "Christmas Lady"Yes, Christmas will be a beautihouse. It is actually a little house ful and joyous season at the home

made of ginger cookie dough, with of the Jacksons. Margaret might

windows and doors cut out, and topserve you a spicy drink from her ped with a roof frosted with "snow."ceramic punch bowl and cups with

Around the little house, there are the Santa Claus faces, if you should gingerbread children in the yard, drop by. There will be party foods

too, with raisin eyes and cherry lips. aplenty, but there'll be good, wholeLast Christmas a huge portrait of some dishes that the family enjoys

a jolly Santa Claus hung on the wall any season of the year. Following

above the sofa in the living room and are some of Margaret's favorite seemed to say for all the Jackson recipes—tried and true dishes that

household, "Merry Christmas."Marshe enjoys serving to her family

garet did the whole thing herself and guests.

painted Santa in pastels, added some angel hair for whiskers, and put a Veal with Sour Cream Gravy gold bow under his chin. She made 6 pieces of veal steak 4 by 6 inches, 1

the frame from an old inner tube, inch thick split down the center, and guilded 3 tablespoons butter with gold paint. Salt

A year ago a lifesize pixie sat at the Pepper head of the stairway with a bowl 3 cups sour clabbered cream of fruit and nuts in his hands. MarTrim steaks and trim off all fat and

garet constructed him, out of old bone. Cut in pieces for individual

948 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA servings. Brown quickly in hot frying

pan in butter. Season to taste with

salt and pepper. Add water sufficient

to cover meat and put cover on pan and allow contents to simmer slowly.

As water boils away, add more, and repeat process until a rich brown gravy is made. This usually takes from two B0YC0 to three hours. Now whip sour cream fills so many

which has clabbered and pour over meat. to Continue cook hour, for one needs so well or until meat is tender cut gift to enough

with fork. If gravy is not thick, add small amount of thickening made of on Christmas

flour and water, seasoned to taste with salt and pepper. To serve, place meat morn, says Johnny

on platter and pour gravy over it.

Garnish with parsley. Serves 6.

Whole Wheat Bread

Combine: 1 yeast cake Va cuP lukewarm water % teaspoon sugar

Combine in pan:

2 scant tablespoons sugar 2 tablespoons vegetable shortening 2 tablespoons honey 2'/2 teaspoons salt Perfect Gifts for Homeowners... BoYCO's Bo/co Black Beauty Garden Tools, with

l'/2 cups boiling water Poppy Barrow is rugged, lightweight strong, grainhardened, splinterresist- l/2 cup condensed milk and balanced for surefooted choreant ash handles and sharp, strong, ructdoing... can be converted quickly to a resistant forgedsteel blades.

Into a bowl place: neat portable barbecue.

3 cups white flour 3 cups whole wheat flour

Combine yeast mixture and ingredients in pan. Then add to flour. Mix

well and knead. Let rise once until

double in bulk. Mold into two loaves.

Put in cold oven. Turn on heat high

one minute, then off. (If there is a

bottom and top control, turn on the bottom.) Let set for thirty minutes.

Set oven at 400 F. and bake 45 to 50

minutes.

TunaChicken Salad For Friends With Fireplaces...Any fireGrand Gifts for the Outdoor Type...The

place family would be proud to enBoyco Kool Kan keeps foods and drinks 1 package lemon jello hance its hearth with this handsome, cool or warm for hours—4% and 10 gal.

1 can chicken rice soup, undiluted sturdy Boyco Wood Basket—ebony sizes. Boyco Canteens from 1-8 qts. are

1 chicken bouillon cube black finish. ideal for sportsmen.

1 can tuna fish prepared ]/2 teaspoon celery cup diced ]/2 mustard and see your BOYCO cup mayonnaise l/2 cup whipping cream dealer for more giftsY2 to please 'em all, says Mary Kay jello Dissolve boiling water. cup in l/2

bouillon dissolve.Add cube and Add Seeon theMaryU.S.KaySteelandHourJohnnyevery,

chicken rice soup. Pour boiling water other Tuesday night -ABCTV v

over tuna to remove oil and then add mustard to fish and add to first mixture.

Add celery and mayonnaise. When UNITED STATES STEEL PRODUCTS

cold add whipped cream. WorcesterDIVISION

shire sauce, tabasco sauce, green pepper, UNITED5100 SantaSTATESFe Avenue,STEELLos Angeles,CORPORATIONCalifornia or pimiento may be added if desired. 1849 Oak Street, Alameda, California

Pour into 5 by 9-inch pan. Serves 6 to

8. UNITED STATES STEEL

(Continued on following page) DECEMBER 1954 949 Know Your LD.S. Cooks

(Continued from preceding page)

Avocado Salad

1 package lemon and 1 package lime

je.llo 4 cups water

Chill until well set. Whip until light.

Add 1 cup mashed avocado 3/4 cup mayonnaise 1 cup whipped cream 1 tablespoon lemon juice

Put into molds. Garnish with grapefruit sections or mandarin oranges.

Orange Sponge Cake

8 eggs, separated 1 cup and 2 tablespoons cake flour sifted Va cuP orange juice Rind of one orange 1 teaspoon cream of tartar l'/3 cups sugar y4 teaspoon salt The NEW CURTIS Convertible Window

Beat egg whites and salt until foamy.

easy to clean inside or outside Add cream of tartar and beat until stiff, not dry. Add % cup sugar gradually, What's different—what's new—about the window

you see here? Just this: it's made of separate units which can be combined beating after each addition. Beat egg

in almost unlimited variety to provide practically any style of window yolks until very thick and lemonarrangement—any kind of ventilation? The Curtis Silentite Convertible colored. Add remaining sugar, orange

rind, and juice. Fold the two mixtures window represents an entirely new idea in window beauty—window

comfort! Best of all, these Curtis windows are priced for modest budgets! together and fold in flour. Bake for one

MORRISONMERRILL & CO. hourF. Removein an fromungreasedoven andangelinverttin atfor325one

Building Materials Distributors hour.

Topping for Sponge Cake

4 egg yolks beaten \y2 cups milk 1 cup sugar 1 tablespoon flour

Combine and cook in double boiler as a custard. Cool slightly.

Combine: Juice of 1 orange \y2 teaspoon grated orange rind

Juice of one lemon

1 grated teaspoon lemon rind rutirtt YOUR fi* 1 gelatin tablespoon

Soften gelatin in the orange and lemon juice. Then add to warm custard. When it begins to congeal add

1 cup cream, whipped.

CarrotTurnip Vegetable Dish

Peel and cook 7 or 8 carrots with 2 or 3 turnips slowly in a small amount

Mountain Stat S3 Teu phone of water until tender. Drain, mash,

and season with butter, cream, salt, and pepper. 950 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Date Pudding with Lemon Sauce

Ya cuP sugar 3 tablespoons melted butter 2 cups toasted bread crumbs \ l/2 teaspoon nutmeg 1 teaspoon orange or lemon rind 1 cup dates 1 cup buttermilk 1 teaspoon soda

Mix in order given. Turn into a buttered mold and steam l!/2 hours.

Sauce: 1 cup sugar 2 tablespoons cornstarch l/4 teaspoon salt 1 egg yolk 2 tablespoons butter Juice of 1 lemon 2 cups boiling water

Mix sugar and cornstarch together and gradually pour boiling water over that.

Put on stove and stir constantly until thick. Then take it off and add egg

yolk beaten and salt, butter, and lemon juice.

"1/Iargaret Jackson is a lovely, graClever Coaster!

-'-'-'- cious hostess. She is very conSpoonsiderate of her guests—nothing is too

much trouble for them. All of the

food she serves is prepared in her ownsparkling pink and white kitchen and, Holier of course, she gives a good deal ofthought to the beauty of her table. Drip Gay wall decoration!

As a stake president's wife, she is kept busy answering the telephone for him, and she performs many extra when you buy this 28oz. package of

services for which her talents fit her;

for example, she helped select the furnishings and interior decorationsfor the Bonneville Stake Center. Snerry WHEAT HEARTS

Margaret, who could pass for a Miniature 4-inch Dutch skillet to..-.

coed herself, has a daughter, Marilyn, hold drippy cooking spoons! Dur-

a senior at the University of Utah, able black metal! Gaily decorated

and sons, Richard, Douglas, John, with Dutch "good luck"design.

and twoyear-old baby, David. She Cleans easily.

somehow finds time to sew for her NO BOXTOPS! NO COUPONS!

children and loves to work with Spoon Drip Holder is right on ceramics. special package. Costs you nothMargaret is a member of the Mia ing extra. Sperry makes this reMaid Committee of the general markable offer so you will try

... the grandboard of the Y W M I A. Prior to Wheat Hearts

that she worked with the young girls tasting hot cereal recommended in the ward, has a long record of by Betty Crocker. Contains

service in the MIA, and has been wheatGet Wheatgerm! HeartsCooks inwhile3 minutes!Spoon

in the ward Primary organization. Drip Holder offer lasts.

Margaret and "June"Jackson have philosophya sound and beautiful of Look for special living. First offamily all, they believe that there is nothing can they of WHEAT HEARTS their childrengive be which willmore value in their lives than the package at grocers HEARTS

gospel. They have taught them and

shown them by example how to be SUPPLY LIMITED! HURRY!

good Latterday Saints.

DECEMBER 1954 951 KITCHEn CHflRm WAXED PAPER KEEPS FOOD FRESHER LONGER!

by Elbert R. Curtis

GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT, YMMIA

If to do were as easy as to ticipate and to discount bad ideas know what were good to do, and the capacity to sense in advance chapels had been churches, and and to appropriate good ideas, withpoor mens cottages princes'palout waiting for events to indicate aces. It is a good divine that their badness or their goodness, has

follows his own instructions: I been considered the supreme achievecan easier teach twenty what ment of man as a thinking animal."

were good to be done, than be (Author Unknown.)

one of the twenty to follow mine

I was own teaching. 1 I think when in my teens

much like the basketball player who

I were in my teens and knew finally came to himself and said, "At

If only what I knew when I was in last I have come to realize that the my teens, I would probably do coach, through his experience, can pretty much what I did during those see and work out plays I would never years. see while playing on the floor."

If I were in my teens and knew It's probably natural to "begrudge"

POPULAR WITH MILLIONS the things I have learned through the passing of the years—they go so

OF HOUSEWIVES... the years, well.... fast. In their rapid passing we someAT ALL LEADING GROCERS Surely I would want to live each times fail to realize that each day

day to the hilt, making it rich in we are building memories—memories

experiences that would make for lastthat will give us joy and comfort, or ing happiness. uneasiness and regret through the

If I were in my teens, I hope I years that are to follow.

the trail marked by those who most grateful for those who would VITAMINS wouldfollow watch the road signs better If I were in my teens, I would be AND have been over the road previously. remind me that "we live a long time

MINERALS smootherI am sureand thathappierwouldgoing.make for withencourageour memories,"me to buildandhappywho wouldmemDrink them in 1 A wise man has written: ories, free of regrets.

delicious juice form—Use a "The dullard must wait for events I would strive to build happy memSWEDEN Speed JUICER to overtake him. He lacks the senories through being more thoughtful

to father, to and kind to mother, disciplined sitive imagination and vital nutrifamily Give your to sisters, and and loved of analysis to powers enable celery, ents carrots, him to brothers apples, of etc. in Available cabbage, I would cherish and enjoy anticipate events. to discount and He ones.

juices. freshmade build Help their companionship every hour, that a policy never knows is bad unstamina, resistance. Exclusive

extraction process for more til it has worked havoc in his life every day, every night. I am sure

vitamins, more minerals. or in the life of his time. He never I would be more appreciative of

Juice in seconds. knows that a policy is good until it them and their love and association,

Easy Easy toto clean.operatehas dropped the ripe fruits of its and furthermore, would express that

goodness in his lap. Thus he must appreciation more fully and more frego through life victimized by the quently by deed as well as by word

tragic results of bad policies that but I would make sure that I did wiser men would have forestalled and express it by word.

At leading departrobbed of the benefits of good poliLet me give you two memoryillustrations. building first exment, appliance The cies that farseeing more would men healthfood and is not ample one: a happy stores, write for or all into being. brought have With

folder. free family to packing was A young this, technically a he be learned may

interests. about their own his standing, learning becomes so worrying CWCDCN man, but lacking insight and undergo to the mountains. The boys were JUICER OTHERS PENDING In their thoughtlessness they asked, lumber. much waste WSPEED

MFG. FREEZER SWEDEN

of Venice, Act I—DEPT.J1 -2 JUICER DIVISION SEATTLE 99, WASH. CO. "Down the ages the capacity to anSceneShakespeare'sII. The Merchant

952 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 'Ma, did you pack that?...''Ma,

where is this?...''Ma, will you

. little this? realizedget..'They /* Herek the handy v\that they as they sounded though

ordering servant.were. i about a Sudto buy yeast

denly 'Ma'dropped dead, the *v thriftway and trip did not materialize. In after

years, one of the boys said in recalling the event, "I would give anything to blot out of my memory that day.

We loved our mother. We were just

thoughtless."

Now for a brighter picture:

"I was tired, dirty, and hungry. It

was two miles to town. I wanted to

get my supper, and to dress for the singing class. My first impulse, was

to refuse, and to do it harshly, for

I was angry that my father should ask me to go [to town on an errand] after my long day's work. But I

knew that if I did refuse, he would go himself. 'Of course, Father, I'll

go'I said heartily giving my scvthe Get Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast ofto one the men. you, 'Thank

father replied.Jim'my go-—in new "Thrifty Three's"'I was

ing myself, but somehow I don't feel Three packages of Fleischmann's Acprefer. Fleischmann's is guaranteed

very strong today.'He walked with tive Dry Yeast in one neat strip fresher and faster rising or double your

me to the road that turned off to the that's the new "Thrifty Three's."It's money back. It keeps for months on

town, and as he left me he put his the economical way to buy yeast. your shelf. When you bake at home

hand on my arm and said again, And you're getting the finest yeast use Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast.

'Thank you, my son; you've always ever—the kind prizewinning cooks Get the "Thrifty Three's"!

been a good boy to me, Jim.'I

hurried into town and back again.

When I came near the house, I saw that something unusual had happened. All the farmhands were

gathered about the door instead of doing the chores. I went nearer,

when one of the men turned to me with tears rolling down his face.

'Your father,'he said, 'is dead. He

fell just as he reached the house. His

last words he spoke to you.'

"I am an old man now, but I thanked God over and over again in all the years that have passed since thatfather—'You'vehour for thosealwayslast wordsbeen aofgoodmy

boy to me.'"

Yes, young people, these are the years when you build memories. I

pray that you will never come to a time in your lives, through carelessness with your relationships with your loved ones now, that you will realize the truthfulness of these words:

For of all sad words of tongue or pen,

The saddest are these: "It might have

been."—Whittier, "Maud Muller"1:105.

DECEMBER 1954 953 #* JR* #* # # #* #*& #

Games for Holiday Parties by Marybale Woolsey They're as certain as Christmas itdealt to each player. The starter

self, these Yuletide parties. It may places one in view on the table, sayseem illogical to add them to our ing, "My greeting card brings a

crowded schedules of shopping, sleighbell"(or "church steeple,"or decorating, giftwrapping, and every- "snowflake,"or whatever motif he thing—hut we insist on them. Every prefers to select from the design of

group wants its own gettogether, the greeting card played). The next

You'll enjoy too;all joys—exceptmost of us attendperhapsseveral.the momentThey're saying,player matches"My sleighbellthe motifbringsif hea can,lanbaking these 7ms* weof thefindentertainment.it's our turn to be in charge tern,"in additionor whateverto the hisrequiredcard providessleighIf find I ever time to prebell. he finds any on no sleighbell

of his cards, things?"greeting have Clabber Girl \XL> pare"Howa lotcanof games and he says, "I

One answer to that is, don't plan no sleighbells,"and the opportunity a lot of games requiring much adto match the sleighbell passes to the cranberry vance preparation. It isn't even next player. If all the players pass

necessary to spend hours searching until the starter is reached, he starts for something new for special Christoff with a new choice. No one motif

mas games. Dress up our old favormay be named twice in succession. dumplings ites in Christmas fashions and colors, The objective of the game is, of

and they'll seem new—and be more course, to play out all one's hand;

Here is something new in Quick fun than ever. Here are some sugthe winner scores five points for each

Breads. And, so simple and easy to gestions to start you out: greeting card remaining in the hands

Girl's sweet bake. Just Clabber make

biscuit dough, baking drop Adapt the familiar game of "Identiof his opponents. powder

a off with set party to the fication"into bake. sauce cranberry and Then for used motifs—holly, lightly into enjoy puffed dumplings up all gayify to of mixing maximum as holly designated be fluffy balls sweettender, browned, instance—mayFrequently

arrives, pin guest each comers. As fine juice. with Cranberry ened the A or holly spray a wreath to make

easy and satisfying example of how back, naming him card on his as matching a bit more difficult.

is. really homebaking scene the Christmas in something

CRANBERRY DUMPLINGS such as "shepherd,""tree,"or "chimFollowing this would be a good of to finish time usefulness the up Yield: 6 dumplings identity his by guess ney."must He

allpurpose sifted flour cups 1 V2 out the greeting bringing cards by questions, which guests other asking beet tablespoons 2 sugar or cane paste, construction and Girl 2 teaspoons Clabber Baking or scissors,!4 "Yes"by only answered be can

colors, setting of various paper Powder and hasn't guessed his name If he "No."salt teaspoon Vi greeting each guest to make a new is settled party teaspoon grated lemon rind the down by the time l/l

old the card from an milk cup 1/a ones—with can continue regular games, to he

1 cranberry whole 303 sauce can No. it. original greeting inside in rhyme, offers. as opportunity questioning juice orange cup Va finished cards the Gather and up water cup table progressive Vi desire you Do

distribute a by from them drawing "Cootie,"but old flour, good Sift sugar, together Girl games? Try Clabber

of basket, a in box the shape a chimStir salt. in grated Powder, Baking and insect, a Santa of draw an

all rind. milk at once and instead lemon Add ney, or re- a Claus. Santa by The

is until flour stir just indicate, moistened. Heat counter must Claus. The

will cipients juice, cranberry sauce, orange together each read aloud the for order, a head, a "two""one"until boiling. into in water Pour and the receives. he

I casserole. greased dough Drop >/2 -quart for greeting eyes, for "three"a each twice

sauce. hot cranberry onto by % cupfuls 20 to nose, mouth and beard, a "four"each No party should be all "sittingoven) for at 400 F (hot Bake

25 minutes. for body and arms, a "five"for each still"entertainment. The following

reliable funmakers of old adaptations leg (including the boots!) and a "six"

Don't let NOTE: year's parthis fit into or any should Santa's pack. yourself forget how for

good your baking You can make the drawings differties.

can be with Girl. ent at each table, if you'd like, for Remember "The Prince of Paris Clabber

variety; but keep them Christmas in Has Lost his Hat"? Assign numassociation: a reindeer, a wise man, bers as usual, then proceed this way:

* Guaranteed lost his yield so it will Claus warm, has Santa "Old other by on or

Good Housekeeping selection—just

it, cap. take wool you sections for drawing. Did Number Have to suitable

a card with directions at each table Three, Sir?""Number Three"jumps

as as rapidly feet to his responds uncertainty. or and confusion to avoid GIRL CLABBER... I, sir?".. sir? can. played at one. "What, be he This may game AS IS NOW EXCLUSIVELY KNOWN

THE BAKING POWDER WITH THE table or several, depending on your "Yes, sir. You, sir!"... "Oh, no, sir!

BALANCED DOUBLE ACTION supply of cards; there should be at Not I, sir?"... "Who, then, sir?"...

HULMAN & COMPANY TERRE HAUTE, INDIANA least ten cards and preferably twelve, Whereupon Number Three accuses, 954 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Number Nine, sir"(or whatever number he chooses), and before the startled Number Nine can respond, tries to repeat the whole statement, "Old Santa Claus has lost his warm, wool cap!"If he gets all the words

said before Number Nine can say, "What, sir? I, sir?','—then Number

Nine must stand in the middle and start out the "accusation."If unsuccessful, that is, if Number Nine says

his words first, Number Three has to start things out again. It is important, remember, that every word

spoken must be according to pattern.

Leaving out a "sir"is especially not permissible, and usually forfeits are collected for such omission and redeemed later by performance of some requested stunt.

"What is my thought like?"is a

word game easily seasoned with

Christmas flavor. The leader men-"

tally chooses a word—name of something—and asks the others, "What

is my thought like?"Each responds

by naming something appropriate to

Christmas time. When all have responded, the leader tells what he

thought of, and the others must then tell why the objects they named are like the leader's thought; for example, if the leader had thought of a

book, and a player had said, "Star,"he could now say, "A book is like a star because it is enlightening."Or

the answer may be absurd, so long as it holds a germ of logic. out of ways 0 "Buzz"is a nonsensical oldtimer O

useful for filling in spaces of time between more elaborate activities. Mspongefibre"Paper TowelsCall it "Christmas"and say "ChristZEE

mas!"in place of the forbidden sevens save you work... save you time!and multiples of seven: "—five, six,

Christmas!—eight,"and so on to

"thirteen, Christmas!"—and look out

for "seventeen,""twentyseven,"and There seems "no end"of ways to save work of course "twentyeight,""thirtyand time with ZEE Paper Towels. It's underfive,"and so on. Collect forfeits and standable, too, when you realize how much

have stunts later to redeem them, if you wish. faster and cleaner ZEE's "sponge fibres"soak

Never let a Christmas party be up grease and moisture. Save time, save work

without its singing fun. Divide the

with ZEE Towels!

guests into two or three groups and have each group write and sing its own song, to familiar tunes (Christmas tunes, of course), awarding a prize to the song voted best (if voting a Li—'fie softer, more

ties, choose judges to settle the deabsorbent Towels with the cision). If you prefer not to take easy, even tear!

time for the song writing, you may have quartets present songs; to form

quartets, print or write song titles (familiar carols and hymns) in large letters on cards, and cut the cards (Concluded on following page) Crown Zellerbach Corporation 1954

DECEMBER 1954 955 $35,000 GAMES FOR HOLIDAY PARTIES

preceding page) Once singing is begun, it usually (J REWARD (Concluded from into singers pieces each. four it as party. takes So plan over your The * it these, four evening, each draw and whose of the the climax and let URANIUM

pieces of title match sing the named take its own tuneful course until song together. time to say good night.

Here's your chance to "cash in!"Over $2,500,000

in Government Bonuses have been paid for

URANIUM discoveries in the past 2 years. Currently

$150,000 a month is paid to people just like you.

Precision Geiger Counters and finest instruments the made for URANIUMScintillatorsprospectare FREE WOMEN OF THE WORLD ing. These highly sensitive instruments are compact,

lightweight and ruggedly built for field use. Prices (Continued from page 867) cleancut Mormon missionaries who

start at $29.95.

CONTACT YOUR NEAREST DEALER destructive and aggressive use of these had aided them.

write or for FREE direct12PAGEto factoryCATAenergies, for their international conThe second week of the conference

LOG, describing trol and for their pacific uses. It consisted of meetings when the conand (URANIUM

Metal detectors. therefore calls on its affiliated councils gress met as a body. It was a great

help spread understanding experience to see this group of RECISION RADIATION INSTRUMENTS, INC. "a—to

2235 IE So. La Brea, Los Angeles 16, California of these new opportunities and probwomen working together towards a

WORLD'S LARGEST MANUFACTURER OF PORTABLE RADIATION i""iumTS lems, common goal: the betterment of man-

"b—to help insure to all nations kind. mon/toe access to this new source of energy The social affairs afforded an in-

. FOLDING and its development, sight into the life and customs of

BANQUET "c—to foresee and take steps to prethe people. Mrs. McFall, the wife

social vent of upheavals economic and the entertained ambassador, some TAB1ES as in those that, such the past, of the have other delegates from Finland been caused by access to new sources and all of the United States delegaof "d—andenergy, to strive to solve these tion.both timesIt wasweinterestingwere at theto noteembassy,that

problems in a spirit of responsibility, tomato juice was provided for Mrs.

mutual comprehension, and concern Spafford and me, and others of the for the individual human being."guests likewise drank tomato juice.

resolution This the of immost was attendance at these The result TRUCKS storingMONROE it portant sessions allinclusive. because that rewas each was woman Chairstruck Forthe easy wayTables modernFoldingtables handles EachandConstrue in all were to There resolutwenty-four storaga turned her of No. chairs.permits with TSCor renewed home Storage Transport eitherTruckspace. tionin limited No. True* tions adopted congress, indithe try to to by determination the make inquiries to their the Units Church T$may direct

Purchasing Department, Church 47 East cating the strenuous activity and world the place it should and could South Temple, City 1. Utah. Salt Lake

THE "VHOWIOI-. COMPANY serious study of the members. Some be if all would live as they should.

249 CHURCH STREET. COLFAX. IOWA of them dealt with: uplifting of One of the most satisfactory feamorality; safeguarding illegitimate tures of the trip was the opportunity

children; increasing literacy; educatit afforded us to meet in close assoing for better, more effective radio ciation with the mission presidents, PIKES PEAR

and television broadcasts, particulartheir wives, the missionares, and the

FLOUR ly of those beamed to other countries Saints. It was a deeply satisfying

With FOUR on such programs as the Voice of experience to learn at firsthand that

America series; improving housing the gospel can motivate the lives of Extra Baking

conditions; increasing healthfulness; people who respond to its message, Advantages encouraging women to a better evaluwherever they may live or whatever

SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS ation and analysis of their work and language they may speak.

425 West 5th South their jobs. In England, Holland, Finland,

Salt Lake City. Utah Mr. Jack McFall, then American Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Switzerminister to Finland and now ambasland, France, and in the East Gersador to that country, did an excelman and the West German missions,

Unbreakable... moulded

to look like glass. Lightlent piece of work in briefing all of the same spirit impels the Saints as

noise free. weight, Leothe United States delegation on the in the other missions of the Church.

height. Standard nomical.

Order from your dealer. history of Finland and on its ecoTheir kindness and acceptance of us

SB 167 Doz. - SPECIAL OFFER nomic and political situation. brought a like response of love and $1.25

trial $1.00 for p Mail lot of Good relations have been built begreat humility. As Mrs. Spafford and

sent postpaid. dozen one

tween the embassy and our Church I said repeatedly as we attended the

BRASS EOODS'CO 55 Sudbury St., Boston 14, Mass. in Finland. During the world ICW meetings and as we met the

t TASTES BETTER Olympics held in Helsinki in 1952, Saints throughout Europe, the only

Mr. McFall called on President Matis hope of the world lies in the gospel

When you stuff it with to permit the missionaries to assist of our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ.

in acting as guides to the people who We felt also that the women's orALL PURPOSE came from the various countries. ganizations of our Church have a

READYTO-USE DRESSING Visitors later commented on the strength greater than that of any 956 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

other woman's organization because ours are priesthood directed, and therein lies the strength and safety of our auxiliaries.

It was a great experience to mingle Holiday with these thinking women, dedicated to the peaceful progress of the..world, but it is a greater experience Note

to meet with our own, who know the only true way to peace and eternal joyBook Reviews

(Continued from page 855) of coordinate rank with the more extensive and thoroughgoing biographical works that have already appeared from the pen of the same author. S. B. T.

LORIN FARR, PIONEER (T Earl Pardoe. Brigham Young University Press, Provo, Utah. 1953. 380

pages, lettersize offset print from typescript. $5.00.)

Lorin Farr was a boy in Kirtland, a young aide to the Prophet Joseph in Missouri and Nauvoo, and a trusted lieutenant to Brigham Young in Utah. # GIAVE CXNII COMPANY OrSALT MKE CITY. STAB *

A pioneer of late 1847, he helped found

Ogden in 1851, and became Ogden's first president the first mayor and

Stake, posts of Earn more when you learn more, he held forWeber which some twenty years. Afterward, he continued to rank as one of Ogden's first

citizens until his death in 1909.

Lorin Farr was a grandfather ofPresident George Albert Smith, and of WINTER

Dr. T. Earl Pardoe, the author of this

book. Dr. Pardoe has gathered abundant

data from diaries, letters, newspapers, interviews, magazines, and genealogical atTERML. D. S. Business College

charts, accompanied by numerous photoStarts January 3, 1955 graphs diagrams, and dealing with Registration accepted January 3 to January 10

Farr, hisLorin associates, family, his

COURSES in stenography, accountand his activities. This total bulks OUTOF-TOWN STUDENTS:

large, since there seem to have been Supervised dormitory facilities are ing, office machines, typewriting, shortlonghand, students. for girl HySpeed available Gregg now personsfew of or events importance

colthe block onehalf Within from simplified, hand, and many, manyin for northern sixty nearly years Utah living lege are comfortable quarin others evening both day andwith Lorin which Farr did not have girls. ters for

school.something to do.—S. B. T. Write today for more information. You're always cordially welcome at

MARY BAILEY (Ruby K. Smith. Deseret Book Company, Salt Lake City. 1954. 112 pages. BUSINESS COLLEGE

$2.00.) Branch of Brigham Young University

I 70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH miiiMary Bailey was a New England girl who joined the Church in Boston in 1832. She moved to Kirtland where

she married Samuel H. Smith, the

Prophet Joseph's younger brother, who IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS DFFER... WE to the witnesses of the eight onewas simple of Canker, in treatment Aids COMPLETE A

six one of theBook and of Mormon SERVICE ENGRAVING sore throat minor mouth and other founders of the Church. From Missionary Portraits to the Largest Samuel and and throat irritations. Catalogues. Missouri persecutions, shared theMary

and both of them died in Nauvoo. Two Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention

of their three children came west and HALL'S REMEDY UTAH ENGRAVING CO.

participated in the building of Utah. Salt Lake City. Utah 113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah

(Concluded on following page) <>-( t-atav-o-o(> k i -<> -m-a-ma+i i—( > -mmm-t >***/.>*

DECEMBER 1954 957 NEW DRIPLESS BOOK REVIEWS PLASTIC SACRAMENT SET (Concluded from preceding page) service had extended his horizons to

Around this slender core of biography cover not only the place of his birth, the author has built up, from the early the United States, but also all the ishistory of the Church, an account of lands of the Pacific and part of the the events that particularly affected this mainland of Asia. In all these places

family. The history overshadows the those whose lives had touched Matthew

biography, but the total adds up to a Cowley learned to love him and weave warmhearted narrative regarding this themselves into his great heart.

devoted couple, their ancestors and their All of this to a remarkable degree descendants, written appreciatively by a Henry A. Smith, editor of the Church

correspondingly devoted granddaughter.—S. B. T. News,MatthewhasCowley,recapturedMan ofin Faith.his book,Into

MATTHEW COWLEY, the chapters of the biography have gone

MAN OF FAITH many of the intimate stories of Matt, (Henry A. Smith. Bookcraft, Salt Lake the man, who became Matt, the beloved

Set consists of 2 pieces, a bread and water City. $3.50.) Apostle of the Lord in the latter days.

plastic. white milk in beautifultray, appearing

(all are Matthew Cowley had a fabulous The b6ok is warm with the radiance handles handles large sturdy theNoteCrystal) that automatically lock in place. Hanlife—for all that he died just four of this Church leader who brought the

dles fold down, out of the way, when not in short months after his fiftysixth birthlove of the common man to the fore in use; requiring only Vz the space of old type day. His studies and his missionary his own life.—M. C. /.

sets.

Water trays feature a special rim around each individual cup opening as well as around tray.outer This edge of practically eliminates THESE TIMES

dripping water.inconvenience of

(Continued from page 854) rights as individuals. This regrasping ORDER FOR YOUR WARD TODAY

politics under the Constitution, a vindiof political fundamentals signifies that

Bishopric's Sets available at Presiding Office, cation to the American people, and to human attachment to hardwon legal City, Salt Utah Lake or other peoples abroad who had come to principle runs deeper than any one

Order Direct From entertain respect if not admiration for man's attachment or subversion.

the American experiment. All or most 3. Less importantly, the report reTHE PLASTICAL COMPANY of us who have lived and grown up in flects a shift in American opinion. The

3575 Manchester Blvd. the United States had little fear of irrational, hysterical phase of anti-

4, California Inglewood McCarthy or McCarthyism. It had its communism is passing. The days when

good points for some, its bad points Senator McCarthy was virtually imfor some, and its circus flavor (typical mune from criticism in his own party, of American politics in the rough) for when disagreement with certain official most. We, in America, all knew policies was felt to be dangerous, are

McCarthy wasn't a Flitler or a Stalin. passing. They may indeed have passed.

But Europeans didn't. Asiatics and They are being replaced by a cooler,

others didn't either. They had seen more sober, and more searching inquiry

demagogues succeed, sometimes using into the nature of the world theater.

the same techniques. They misunderThere will be no soft acceptance in

stood the vitality of the Fifth AmendAmerica of "coexistence"and comment. They thought "due process"placency as to danger. Senator Mcmight be crushed under the crusading Carthy has seen to that. But there has

"protection"of Senator McCarthy. But been a shift in opinion. The Watkins

we knew that somehow, the right to report, even under leadership such as claim the protection against selfin- afforded by the senior Senator from crimination posed by that instrument, Utah, would hardly have been possible was more fundamental even than the one year ago.

threat of communism dramatized so 4. Behind the shift in American opinsuccessfully by the Wisconsin veteran. ion has been a shift in world affairs,

The Watkins committee, without raisincluding the new balance of power ing technical constitutional issues, has discussed in last month's Era. The

yet vindicated American government world affairs'shift has not all been especially in the eyes of millions abroad. good from the American viewpoint.

Constijudgment, and insight is not concenQuilting Balls of 2.politicalThe reportfundamentals.reflects a Theregrasping But then, it is possible that all wisdom,

tution prevails. It stands both before trated in any one nation! Americans

25% Waste Wool, its sworn enemies and its sworn defendwill have to concede that the English, 75% Staple Cotton ers. It does not guarantee eternal order French, and others inhabiting lands

but warns that public spirit must sustain where free inquiry obtains are not all 2-pounds 219 its premises. The "Fifth Amendment fools nor knaves! There are, from their 72x90in..

communists"need not be pushed offviewpoints, sound reasons for their soCrib Size stage and forgotten. But they can now called "neutralism"and willingness,

36x60in... 129 surrender at least part of the stage's as Mr. Attlee put it, to try to influence

Write: FILLED. Sears. Roebuck ORDERS MAIL to see the needs center. rest Russian Chinese leaders world and means by The State So. Salt City Co., 754 Lake &

Fifth include sales as 1, Utah. to of friendly Utahns as "missionary"contact well tax. of want be known Street, 2% 'us, who

Mailing cost added. Amendment Americans, preserving our as by NATO and SEATO. It must

958 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a

also be remembered that while most

Americans are clamoring for the reof British people thearming Germany, closer to both(who are Germany much Enjoy this different and Russia than ourselves) are more "neutral"and suspicious regarding thatpower. The 86th meeting of the BritDELICIOUS BREAD

ish Trades Union Congress met in

Brighton, September 6-10, 1954. There Rich in milk

a motion was offered opposing German rearmament. Votes representing 3,622,- Everybody knows that milk

British000 were workingmen cast for and bread are two of thethe defeated motion by 4,090,000. and

After long debate, another motion urgmost nourishing foods.

ing "effective Western Defense which In Table Queen Bread will enable Germany to bear its share"you get both—because

was passed 4,077,000 to 3,623,000—each pound contains

close division of opinion. has Tension

the nonfat milk solidsgrown. stage. in the H-bomb We are

Britain and France want "no annihilaof 7 ounces of milk. Enriched

tion without representation."One It's your best food buy with vitamins

for that.can't blame them They know... at your grocer's. and iron

Stalin is dead. a milder They hope for

regime in Moscow. This hope may be

fatuous. But it is one of several elein a substantialments TABLE QUEEN BREAD shift in world

1954.affairs in Salt Lake and Ogden Co. Royal Baking

5. Finally, the Watkins report both

by its method, message, and immediate effects in the autumn of 1954, reflects HONEYCOMB SPIRALS a new hope for a reasoned faith in mankind's development. The Watkins PORE BEESWAX CANDLES

report was characterized in the press as a document worthy of an appellate court. This judgment may be only a

passing phrase in crowded headlines.

If Senator McCarthy has been sincere in his efforts to save the Constitution from its enemies, perhaps his greatest contribution to that cause will have been the censure proposed from this select committee. In his day way, and 32 styles make it

the Constitution his seat and in the

Senate gave the Wisconsin Senator easy to select freedom to have his say—and more!

He was heard around the world and was of demonstration not suppressed—a at leading to $25. $2

American freedom as dramatic as the Burn Longer—Dripless—Won't Bend ible stores everywhere

protection afforded fellow travelers by Hand rolled spirals of beeswax, available in red, Fifth yellow, green, blue or black trim—the Amendment. the Senate Now

in gift boxes.and its committee have their say had

in their days on McCarthy and his $1.00 per pair

Letworks. us that hope as a BIBLES national result, MILLERS HONEY COMPANY principles ofthe liberty constitutional JAMES (AUTHORIZED) VERSION Miiler Drive, KING Laurel at P. O. Box 504,

into ingo forward a better, 1955 stronger position to undergird the discussions COLTON, CALIFORNIA that 1955 will require. 1 HEADQUARTERS FOR L.D.S. f

aSee also December 1953 Era, p. 890. 4 IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

YE KINGS REST MOTEL 526 SOUTH 5TH STREET Dr. Harold B. Foutz, Owner

Edgar H. Foutz, Manager

Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout

DRINK

ficq A delightful hot beverage for those who don't drink coffee.

AT YOUR GROCERS DECEMBER 1954 959 Your Page

The Light Touch

Science teacher: Is there any difference between lightning and

electricity?

Practical Pete: Yes. You don't have to pay for lightning.

A truck driver stopped when he saw another truck turned over in a ditch, its load of tomatoes spilled in a great heap. A boy

stood looking dismally at the mess.

"Come along, fella,"the truck driver said cheerfully. "Let's

go get a hamburger at the diner. You'll feel better then, and

afterward I'll help you straighten up the truck."

The boy didn't want to go. "I don't think my father would

like it,"he muttered.

"Don't you worry,"the driver said, and he whisked the boy off to the diner.,

After eating the hamburger, the boy said, "I still don't think my father's going to like this."

"Stop worrying,"the driver said. "Where is your father, anyway?"

"He's under those tomatoes."

When Bobby Hager, 4, of Dallas, Texas, was found by his mother after getting himself lost at the state fair, he explained:

"I saw lots of dresses like yours, but the heads weren't the same."Sacramento, California

Dear Editors:

Another child lost his birth certificate, which he had been Thought you might be interested in the following anecdote.

asked to bring to school. When the concerned teacher questioned While returning from Sunday School recently, our little fourhim about it, he said, "I just lost my excuse for being born."fastyearoldSundayson orsurpriseda slow usone?"with the following: "Daddy, is today a

Sincerely, little girl country getting The restless awfully was waiting while hi Marion H. Hill for her mother's to hair dry in the beauty shop. she At last

questioned, "Mama, how much longer is the lady going to keep your hair under that brooder?"Straubing, Germany

Dear Editors:

stationed a serviceman in miles the from Germany many Mrs. Elizabeth of Worthy, When Americus, Georgia, asked her Being

nearest I find church, of especially each copy your magazine pupil, youthful letter in Jimmy Williams, what the alphabet came welcome. thanks to the editors of Era My Improvement The after "T,"brightly, he answered "V."

for publishing filled a well magazine inspiration inforwith and -$- mative articles concerning Church activities. Thanks, also, to my

elders quorum for having your magazine sent to me.

KINDLEY LDS GROUP REPORTS Sincerely yours,

Edwin Wall

Air Force Base three in Bermuda.H ere is a recent photograph of the LDS Group at the Kindley About years ago a few Saseba, Japan

started servicemen meeting of Elder E. Charles in the home CopeDear Editors:

land, since has leader. who become group Since then there have this to sending subscription to am renew Improvement The my

eight been baptisms in the group. past For the year, the memEra. I

bership has varied forty, between and are meetings and I so I enjoy receiving this that magazine, much not would at held the Kindley Force Air E. Violet Mrs. by like to thirtyBase.—Reported miss copy. at even one Saseba Here have we been having Copeland.

I only one so meeting a receive of week a copy Imwhen The provement Era it surely does add a lift to the week.

I also want to congratulate you on the very fine work done on Gospel Ideals. I truly love President McKay's words so much

and am glad that I purchased that book when I had the chance.

Your organization of his words is a wonderful guide to daily living.

hi Frank Phillips

Sasebo, Japan Dear Editors, Just prior to my being discharged from the Navy, I feel that

I owe you and the staff of The Improvement Era many thanks for making it possible for the servicemen to read the words of the

General Authorities of the Church as well as the other interesting articles.

I have enjoyed the magazine very much during the past four years and it has made me realize why it should be in every L D S home. It has given me strength many times in overcoming weaknesses and temptation. It has instructed me the path I should

take.

I'm enclosing my change of address slip and I ask the Lord to bless you in the wonderful work you are doing.

Sincerely your brother, /$/ M. Clyde Walker

960 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (Etjnstmas

.11;%

This Christmas, let the light of understanding

fan the flame of spiritual values into the hope

for Peace on Earth. Let the youth and

aged alike look to the Church

for worship, for recreation, and

for knowledge. This Christmas,

in the chapels that dot the valleys,

let us pray and give thanks to the

Prince of Peace for the bounteous

blessings of our land...

Interstate Brick Co.

3100 South 11th East Street Salt Lake City. Utah

.

I will honor Christmas in my heart and try to keep it all the year.. SCROOGE

The gaily colored tissue and tincan give us pleasure for only a few sel, the plump brown turkey and brief hours. But the true Spirit of

trimmings, the stockings lumpy Christmas lives on in our hearts with toys and candy, the twinkling as long as we wish to keep it

Christmas tree... these at best there.

Take a minute today and investigate Beneficial's popular new"Planned Futures"program. It can provide funds for every need BENEFICIAL LIFE

your family may encounter over the years... at the same time

assuring retirement income for you. Call your local Beneficial Insurance Company

agent, or write direct to...

David O. McKay, Pres. Salt Lake City - Utah