SEPTEMBER, 1943 RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALsT L A KE CITY\ UTAH COOKIES FOR A CORPORAL* ms mw Kitchens and appliances have changed a lot American homemakers for one cooking fuel in 25 years... but some things have not... quick, dependable, economical gas. And

changed. Newlywon "stripes"and furindications are that daughter, like mother,

loughs still call for celebration; and Mom's like grandmother will carry on this tradition

cookies include the same ingredients, not in her own postwar home... with an even

forgetting the two most important of all: finer, more efficient range of course, but with

pride and love. * Another thing that has not the old reliable, always modern fuel.

changed is the overwhelming preference of MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

Offices in Salt Lake—Ogden—Provo

I IN WAR AND PEACESERVING TWENTYTHREE UTAH COMMUNITIES [l (IS.

So Delicious! So Flavorful! So Fresh!

Making By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. New Friends

rT",HE Kurile Islands, which extend northeast from Japan to the Russian

Kamchatka Peninsula, consist of thirtyEvery Day!

one volcanic islands. The two southernmost have coniferous forests and

fishing villages. The other islands are

practically uninhabited and have only tundra vegetation with plenty of fogs in summer months. The northernmost, "DECAUSE Honey Bee Grahams are made

Paramushiro, is about 750 miles from * with the West's most delicious and flaAttu Island in the Aleutians. vorful honey obtainable—from the bees that

live among the meadows of the Chaparral /"Carbohydrate potatoes, andfoodothersuchsweetas sugar,and cloverRockies—Honeyhigh in theBee fertileGrahamsvalleys,have ofa "disthe

starchy foods may not be necessary as tinctive flavor that's winning new friends food. Extended experiments on rats at every day! They taste better, too, because

school of HopkinsJohns medicine rein the only cracker they're made fresher—vealed diet containing that a purified Pacific Coast! the and Denver all factory between

essential vitamins, minerals, protein, and fat, but no carbohydrates, resulted in active, normal rats.

*t Penicillin, a new drug produced in soil mold, is about one hundred GRAHAMStyPURITY times as effective as sulfanilamide for combating infection, and far less toxic.

possible,It has not yet been however, Look For The Rich Brown Package it into large produce enough quantities for general use.

Cpun glass is being used instead of silk and gut in sewing tissue together after surgery.

/"Wer three thousand types of syn- - thetic rubber of varying properties have been made in American laboratories.

rT"ro use, airplanes cost their weight in

A gold. The saving in operation costs,

during the lifetime of the large planes in airline service, for an ounce less weight of the plane is equal to the value of an ounce of gold.

'"Phe Pomo Indians of California make baskets with designs only onetenth of an inch in diameter.

HThe freeswimming, microscopic din-

A oflagellates, on the borderline between plants and animals, may multiply to as many as forty million per quart.

With this many the ocean may have a deep rust color for miles and present a luminescent sea at night.

It.. IIV USE For OVER FIFTY YEARS WE Oftl

P\r. Stephen Rothman has found Aids in treatment of Canker, simple A COMPLETE

that paraamino-benzoic acid, one of sore throat, and other minor mouth ENGRAVING SERVICE is vitamins, the the of sunburn cause B and throat irritations. From MissionaryCataloguesPortraits to th Largeit to and prevent used it. This can also be

chemical constituent of body cells abMail orders given Prompt Attention ultraviolet sorbs sunburn. light to cause CO. ENGRAVING UTAH Hall's Canker Remedy

If it is first irradiated ultraviolet with St. Utah Salt Lake City, City, Utah 113 Regent 536 East 2nd So.—at Salt Lake

(Concluded on page 516) SEPTEMBER, 1943 513 WHERE IS IT FOUND?

Scripture Quotation QuizTHmprouementlEra "Decently we had occasion to check 'The Glory of God is Intelligence'some quotations. We discovered

Grant, Heber J. source passages thought of many weSEPTEMBER, that we were pretty uncertain about the 1943 A. Widtsoe, John knew. we 9VOLUME 46 NUMBER Editors Following references are basic to L. Richard Evans,

Managing Editor Mormonism. How many can you iden-

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Marba C. Josephson, tify?

William Mulder, OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, Associate Editors 1. "If any of you lack wisdom, let

Morris, George ASSOCIATIONS, General MUTUAL Q. Mgr. IMPROVEMENT DEPARTEDUCATION, OF Cannon, Lucy Associate G. COMMITTEE, MENT MUSIC WARD Mgr. himliberally,ask ofandGod,upbraideththat givethnot;to allandmenit Orton, TEACHERS, Business Mgr. J. K. AGENCIES AND OTHER OF THE CHURCH

OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS shall be given him."

2. "And I saw another angel fly in

the midst of heaven, having the everJhe (Editors fcaqe lasting gospel to preach unto them that dwell on the earth, and to every nation,

To Those Who Would Give "Everything They Have"and kindred, and tongue, and people."

- - President Heber J. Grant 525 3. "This is my Beloved Son. Hear

HimP 4. "And truth is knowledge of things

Church creatures as they are, and as they were, and as are they to come.".....Marvin Listen! Stop! 526 Ashton Look! O.

5. shall receive these "And when ye Fields of L. 530 Richard Evans The McKay

I things, exhort that would you ye Evidences Should and and How Reconciliations: LXX—Why ask the would in Eternal God, Father, Tithing Paid? 545 A, Widtsoe John Be

if the Christ, of things these name are

Wheat for Storage, Church Genealogy: Father John Tanner, not true; and if ye shall ask with a

Welfare Bulletin No. 6 515 E. Pingree Tanner 557 sincere heart, with real intent, having

Mutual Messages Church 558 Moves The On 542 faith in Christ, will he manifest the Singing of Priesthood Music: 552 Voice The

it truth of '.. unto you, the by power of the Seventy's the 532: PageMelchizedek CornBoy, J. Spencer

Aaronic 555 wall 535 Holy Ghost."

Ward Teaching 556 Forum for Church Musicians, 6. "As man is, God once was; as God

NoLiquor-Tobacco Column 553 Alexander Schreiner 560 is, man may become."

7. "For behold, this is my work and

my glory—to bring to pass the imSpecial J-eatwreS mortality and eternal life of man."

8. The Articles of Faith

The International Food Conference Franklin S. Harris 528 9. The sacramental prayers

The Holy Bible Levi Edgar Young 532 10. The name of the church

of Eliza Pioneer R. Diary 533 Snow—Part VH

Singing of the 535 (Answers may be found on page 522).} Spencer Cornwall Voice The Boy

Lifting the Cigaret Ad Smoke Screen Blake Clark 536

Sam Brannan and the Mormons in Early California—Part XII

Conclusion Paul Bailey 538 Exploring the Universe, FrankThe Religious Attitudes of EXECUTIVEOFFICES:AND EDITORIAL

lin S. Harris, Jr 513 Noted Men, Leon M. Strong..524 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah.

540 Rack On the Book Where Is It Found? 514 Copyright 1943 Inc., by Funds, Mutual a CorNeighbors Where poration the Telefacts 516 Homing: Young of Men's ImproveMutual

L. Albert Meet, ment Zobell, Jr...546 Association the Church Jesus Christ of of for 518 Man""Wheat Latterday Saints. of rights All reserved. SubCooks'Corner, B. Josephine

price, $2.00 in year, a advance; 20c Storage For Nichols Gardeners—Home 548 singlescription copy. Fruits Fresh of and VegetaHints 549 Handy

Entered at the Office, Post Salt City, bles, Lake 519 Robert H. Daines from 551 the Camps News Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance

Anthropological Conference, Dr. Index to Advertisers 562 mailing at special rate of postage providedfor

Charles E. Dibble 522 Your Page and Ours 576 authorizedfor in sectionJuly 2,1103,1918. Act of October, 1917,

The Improvement Era is not responsible

All manuscripts must be accompaniededitorials fortributions.unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes conby sufficient postage for delivery and

Welcome to Two Leaders in Israel John A4 Widtsoe 544 return.

Something About a Soldier Richard L. Evans 544

School for Mothers Marba C Josephson 544 NATIONAL ADVERTISING

REPRESENTATIVES Stories, foetray Crossword j-vizzle SaltSan LakeFrancisco:City: FrancisEdward M.S. MayoTownsend

A Boy, a Bronc, and a Bag of Mail.....................Bertha H. Woodland 534 Chicago: Dougan and Bolle

Riding for a Star, 1 Pauline Hammer 537 New York: Dougan and Bolle

Frontispiece: of Peace, Poetry Promise Page 541 MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF Scriptural 523 Thomas Crossword Puzzle 572 Estelle Webb CIRCULATIONS

Jhe '". -.\S dover '''his montage, the work of Charles Jacobsen, emphasizes the joy o| the harvests which A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY

have been patiently husbanded and garnered in grain elevators erected by the church. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

514 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WHEAT for J5Loraae % { CHURCH WELFARE BULLETIN NO. 6

considering the problem of the

Instorage of wheat, the following points should be kept in mind: The

quantity, the variety, the condition at the time of storage, the grade, the cleaning, the container, the storage, and the later care of the wheat. These will be

taken up and discussed in their order.

1. Quantity. The approximate quantities of grain required for one year are

as follows:

Person Pounds Children 9 to 12 months 70 1 to 3 years 70 4 to 6 years 140 7 to 9 years 182 10 to 12 years 238 Girls 13 to 15 years 252 16 to 20 years..196

Women Moderately active 252 Very active 308 Pregnant 1 96 Nursing 196 Boys 13 to 15 years 322 16 to 20 years ] 434 Men Moderately active 308 Very active 602 Sedentary: 252

2. Variety. The best wheat for storage is dark hard winter wheat, or dark

hard spring or Marquis wheat.

3. Condition. The condition of wheat

is very important in determining its storage, (a) It should be dark, hard, vitreous kernels, (b) The moisture content should be 10% or less. This

is very important. Insects are unable

to reproduce in clean grain with a moisture content of 9% or below. In fact,

the rice weevil, the lesser grain borer, and a number of the primary insect pests of stored grain rarely survive for more than a few weeks in grain at this moisture level. Conversely, many of the

socalled "bran bugs,"of which the confused flour beetle is typical, are able to survive for long periods in grain with a moisture content as low as 7%. They

do not reproduce, however, unless the moisture content is above 9%. (c) The "Not how many but how

higher the protein content, the better. that's thethe storystory cof VOGUE, a blanketthe storing qualities of wheat. In no V sood".

case should the protein content be less loomed with peacetime WOOL O'THE WEST than 11%. first 4. Grade. The wheat for storage luxurious perfection! War orders come

must be grade two or better, and weigh at our mill, yet each VOGUE, of the limited lessnot than 58 bushel. pounds per supply your dealer will show, is dramatic

5. Cleaning. wheat must be thorThe

oughly cleaned, so that it contains no proof that WOOL O'THE WEST will always seeds, other oats, or wildweed broken First". "Quality mean

kernels, foreign or matter. any The

available, in ofpresence these your -dealer it When wheat makes will have the VOGUE in four '. '

very susceptible to spoilage and the inluscious colors: PEACH; DUSTY ROSE; BLUE; GREEN.

crease of insect pests.

6. Containers. Any kind of container {Concluded on page 565) PORTLAND WOOLEN MILLS Portland, oxgon

SEPTEMBER, 1943 515 It Had To Be TELEFACT Kept Cool! OUR EGG SUPPLY INCREASES

Each symbol represents 500 million dozen eggs

PICTOGRAPH CORPORATION

EXPLORING THE UNIVERSE

There were no automatic refriger- {Concluded page from pro513) years have few in a TJTomes may farmers days. Dairy in those ators * walls, into jectors built skin, with the injected the red- A under

ice, cut or houses, spring used visible, lens oneinch just throwing but from lightdeningandresults, a a other not with subponds in the winter and put up in stances previously suspected. An ointvariety of color or scenic pictures on

sawduststrewn ice houses, to cool ment containing the chemical i applied the walls changeable to fit the moods.

their milk. on the skin absorbs out the burning rays 4

before they reach the flesh. TJalf the people of Japan are still

And they knew they had to cool it "* A farmers. Half the people live in the

agricultural towns of from two to ten thirteen vitamins are or degrees they HPhere now 60 lower—if—to people. established, of thousand have been which newlyestab- to the sell it to wanted

4 eight of are the which members B in Cache condensery lished Sego called they're not trumpets ll new A group. set rules of the one Valley. That was

) ** will officially bugles be made now( - milk this pioneer evaporated by up brass. plastic instead of "Tenite"of a screens of have nylon Tonrustable the very at company beginning—in is It instead two, of weighs one pound

. - is flexible, screen been made. The 1904. will dent. to not Further break hard and

color adding can given be and any by it that not are does need advantages

If the to the nylon. molten a pigments have made Technical methods polishing cold or on mornwarming up object hole sharp pushing a is made by days. since those progress great And ings.

as each new method or facility came through, such as a pencil, the hole can *t running the fingers be closed by just the makers along, adopted by it was bacteria and the comAzotobacter strands. over the displaced to safeguard further Milk Sego of * protococcus have mon green alga

its quality. 4 been found in sundried bricks or

llflAGNESiUM, which burns easily in a adobes where they existed for eighty

Moreover, the company from the flame, can be electrically welded if years in a halfdried out condition bevery first encouraged and aided the a stream of helium is kept flowing over fore given a chance to grow again by improvement of milk at the source. the metal to keep away the oxygen. Dr. Dean A. Anderson.

It helped farmers get better cows. It

enabled them to get better cows and to have a better living, too—by

providing a better market for their milk. TELEFACT

Today this pioneer evaporated WAR AND DEPRESSION AFFECT CONSTRUCTION milk—Sego Milk—improved far be- [NEW DWELLING UNITS IN NONfARM AREAS)

yond the knowledge or the dreams of its founders—en1920 *47JX

riched with precious sunshine vitamin D IB CB OB OD by irradiation—is 1925 allil WjOOO

the favorite brand in homes all over the 1933 West.

g0 mi (Hv IHB U9 ttS tfi '15,000Sego Milk Products Company 1941 93,000iiiiiii

Originator of Evaporated Milk in the

Intermountam Territory 1942 493.000

Plants in Richmond. Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho PICTOGRAPH CORPORATION

516 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA men in a whole lot more ways, too.

The Safeway idea of cashand-carry saves delivery trucks and bookkeepers, for instance.

So right at the store—

just as elsewhere along Here is one style Safeway method does. the way from producer

Here is the Safeway to consumer, Safeway of food store..

plan: people have pioneered

You come in and you in making food distribuThe main job here is efficient. waiting on folks. You wait on yourself. tion more

You pick out what you For 27 years these want, exactly. efforts have helped inBy saving manpower crease the farmer's

in the store it directly helps cut down the cost of getting food from the farm to the consumer.

share of the consumer's dollar. Boosted consumption. And offered

consistent savings to consumers.

Today, this more efficient food distribution tell the clerk what you system is a national want and he goes around asset. In war or peace,

the store and gets the everybody benefits by the things for you. straightest possible road

Naturally he can take between farmer and concare of only one customsumer.

er at a time and wait on just so many customers Since you buy foods as a day. The men this method well as produce them,

So it is plain to see saves are free to help you stand to benefit invite you to that this kind of store build planes and ships doubly. We

at your Safeway for requires more help per—and to work on farms. shop

full month... and customer—and uses up In the store, the Safeone

much more manpower way plan of food districompare what you save.

than the selfservice bution saves money and SAFEWAY

SEPTEMBER, 1943 517 for "WHEAT MAN"LIKE A LETTER HPoday wheat has a world market until their hooves broke the husks.

It is the chief cereal crop of Later a sledge was made from heavy the dragged animal planks. An six hundred million people.FROM HOME! floor threshing the sledge around

About twelve thousand wheat seeds stone or earth until the seed wasof make a pound of unground wheat. separated. The straw was lifted

modern a of unmethods pound By chaff forks. or crude The by away

ground ten ounces wheat will make the light husks were blown by away flour of or bread. of one pound fans. the hand or from breeze by wind *Q\\ 122> O/ Wheat has had a place in man's The grain was then stored for later

diet for at least five thousand years. use. In Egypt the storehouses were

Dried wheat grains have been found built of Nile mud which the hot sun in the earliest known homes of men, baked into hard clay. In India the

dwellings. the ancient lake Swiss pits in the stored in The grain ground. was 7 is first cultivation to have supposed

the States In United a hundred valin the place near taken Babylon loaf years fourpound of bread ago a rivof the ley Tigris and Euphrates than cost earn could more a laborer.V is ers. proof. this there no Of in day. a

Chinese legends claim that the seed was a direct gift from heaven and A Roman historian tells us that the in China that it was grown evaporatedW three nowGauls,France,living triedin thea machinearea whichreaper.is the Christian before years thousand

era. It is mentioned in the early recThey set a bar with knives and

ords of the Bible as Solomon's gift to fastened it at the front of an oxcart.

the King of Tyre.... Egypt was When they drove the cart into the

wheat the knives tore the seed a letter of center from ripe the world from the wheat TS LIKE I the grain. from through the Pharaohs the to see days of Morning home

Milk on the shelves of the Roman era. VirginiaIn 1831 Cyrusfarmer,McCormick,made the a reaperyoung

California grocers,"reThe Romans fought many wars which was to revolutionize wheat ports a Utah soldier stawith neighboring countries in order growing. His first reaper enabled

tioned on the Coast. to steal their wheat at harvest time. two men and a team of horses to

Thousands of intermounConquered nations were forced to cut two acres of wheat in an hour.

tain folks are proudly send wheat to Rome as a tribute or Two laborers with scythes or eight battle in were defeated The men peasants with sickles would have discovering this tax. that

as slaves. to taken back Many Rome taken a afternoon whole for job. the finerUtah-owned, as to forced of work them were the Before the of days machine flavored evaporated milk millers bakers. and reaper each its community grew own is one of the most popuin earliest wheat. colonists the America Then small farmer The with

lar foods offered by brought wheat seed with them.... the help of one person, possibly his

grocers throughout the Wheat did well along the Atlantic wife, could cut enough wheat in the

II western states! coast until the Revolution. Then a average harvest to feed ten people

fly was brought into the country acwith wheat for a year. Later a man

reaper, Your Own Thecidentallyflies destroyedby the mostHessianof thesoldiers.grain. harvestcould withenoughone inhorsedrawneight or ten days

The grain farmers moved west of to provide four hundred people with the Allegheny Mountains looking for wheat flour for a year. Today with MORNING country in which the Hessian fly could a tractorbinder he can cut three and

not live. Ohio became a leading a half times that much.

area for wheat growing. A modern storage elevator in such

a city as Buffalo may hold as much MILK Anciently, in threshing, the sheaves

Utah's Only HomeOwned were carried from the field to the as six million bushels of wheat.

Source: simfloor. For this was Often Wheat My Bread, Evaporated Milk threshing

Artists'Published near the by piece of ground Jane Dale. and ply a level

wheat field. Donkeys, oxen, or other Writers'Guild, Poughkeepsie, New

animals were driven over the wheat York.

Still a Church best seller:

Bethlehem, the Holy City, where, in the spiritual Gospel Standards sense,of Life"thewasworld'sborn, "Breadmeans

By President Heber J. Grant brew)."House Andof Bread"significantly,(Heprimeval wheat, from

cultivated our came $2.25

found been has a copy whichwheat, 384 pages in the wild only growing surrounding Holy Land.

50 North Main Street Salt Lake City 1, Utah

HOME STORAGE OF FRESH

jror Ljardteners FRUITS AND VEGETABLES BOOKS

By ROBERT H. DAINES Arre anJrdeaiLjift

Associate Plant Pathologist, New Jersey Agricultural Experiment Station for mother and father, brothers and sisters, the boy away from home in the armed services.

Duringprice theo food,past yearpointincreasesrationing,in andthe shrivelingdeteriorationandin atquality.the sameWithtimethea markedexcepWe recommend the following church

dry pumpkins, squash, and onions, tion of sellers: best shortages actual possibility of the moist beans, a relatively seeds, and peas as

advisabilithe of convinced GOSPEL STANDARDS have many relative having is a desirable. air Air I. Grant $2.25 By President Heber fruits fresh processing or storing ty of will approbably percent of 85 humidity

IN GOSPEL NET THE for winter vegetables home use. The for the majority and best conditions proximate Dr. Widtsoe 1.25 By John A.

fruits of wiltof assortment of stored produce. storage of a good Any evidence

and vegetables not only assures a famiing indicates the desirability of increasing EVIDENCESBy Dr. JohnANDA. WidtsoeRECONCILIATIONS 1.85

ly of a dependable supply of nutritious the atmospheric humidity. THIS DAY—AND ALWAYS

food, but it will also relieve somewhat Storage Facilities By Richard L. Evans 1.50

systems transportation the HILLS overloaded THE UNTO quarters storage good home Although L. 1.50 Richard Evans By it Since months. winter the during ideal storage areas, in rural is are common TIMES SIGNS OF THE the food that be wasted, important no in available facilities crops are not for most Fielding By Joseph Smith

foods, of perishable overstorage 1.25

PERFECTION espemany city homes. THE TO WAY quarstorage cially in unsatisfactory Fielding Smith 1.25 By Joseph

ters, should be avoided. Storage for Low Temperature Areas SAM BRANNAN AND THE CALIFORNIA

There are certain essentials for the Insulated Room in Basement or Outdoor MORMONS, By Paul Bailey... 1.75

allsatisfactory the most Cellar. Perhaps fruits vegesuccessful storage of and

... is storage an unheated ORDER of type around home NOW all observed: tables must be which

still, better a room cellar or or basement, THE BOOKCRAFT COMPANY stored should plant parts to be be sound cellar 63, Salt outdoor Lake City, the P. O. Box Utah or an in basement located

Please above. storage the Books send checked the matured; properly and insulated is sufficiently well that

$...-. or C.O.D. to insure Send check money at the temproper should be maintained or excessive high low temperatures. against order enclosed.

perature and humidity; all fruits and In order to maintain desirable temperatures,

winNAME one contain or two storage should the vegetables should be kept dry most, ADDRESS cellar, outdoor the case of an or in storage the storage; should during be dows Your orders will receive immediate ventilation. flue, for an outtake attention. rodents. of free sanitary kept and

A storage room should be provided with Add 2% Utah State Sales Tax

Store Sound Produce a thermometer to enable the operator of the storage to maintain, by ventilation, the

The importance of sound plant parts for temperature between 34 to 38 F if posstorage is usually not fully recognized. It is sible. Ventilation should occur only when

through mechanical injuries such as those the outof-doors temperature is lower than produced by insects and also through disthat in the storage, and when the temperaeased areas and bruises that most storage ture in the storage is above the temperature decays start, and much water is lost. This desired. Before the storage temperature

excessive water loss may result in early falls below 34 F., the windows must be

shrinkage. mechaniSince pronounced and ANGORA only injuries cal should be avoided, sound closed.falls belowWhen32 theF. considerableoutdoor temperaturecare will

products should be selected for storage, need to be exercised in ventilating the room and these products should be handled with in order to avoid low temperature injury.

storage the harvesting and care during is moist, floor, kept or sand which A dirt such vegetables, Since process. some RABBITS will provide floor concrete as placed a over

Irish skin excessively potatoes, sweet and in rewill aid for the air which is moisture if precaution while wet, a good handled produce. stored the the of shrinkage ducing

periods For WOOL and MEAT during and to harvesting avoid wet is stored products moist, floor the Where after digdry, to to root crops allow damp or false of the a elevated use should be by for containers in placing ging, before them floor. slatted

storage. to transporting

probasement Basement. warm Warm A Rabbits Raise Angora is for of value maturity proper Although as for vegetables such storage vides good stored quality of the keeping best most since pumpkins, squash, potatoes, and sweet for BookMeat. Wool and squash, especially that it is crops, important

quarters. storage require The they warm apples properly matured. be pumpkins, and will, in parts of basements coolest such full let on Angoras and should squash Although pumpkins and storto provide cases, found good be be most overshould well apples not matured, be since for keep they quarters onions age request. information upon ripe.

conditions. cool, storage best dry under

Temperature and Humidity However, the cool part of warm basements Ideal profitable vocation.

Important is usually too warm and dry for anything

The best temperature for storing various except a short storage period (of from one fruits and vegetables vary; squash, pumpto a few months) for root crops, white

kins, and sweet potatoes require a rather potatoes, cabbage, or apples.

potatoes, storage, of Apples, white nearly all kinds whereas or Trench. Pit warm

turnips, store best rutaLARGEST UTAH (carrots, beets, produce crops at temperatures root between 38 F. radish), winter 34 temperatures parsnips, kohlrabi, fall bagas, and When the

32 F., freezing celery, well in ANGORA BREEDER keep below cabbage, and leeks occur, or when may

held above 40 F. rots, sprouting, or shrinkthis type of storage where sufficient inage may be excessive. sulation is provided to insure against cold

Heavy losses frequently occur to fruits injury. The amount of insulation needed and vegetables during the storage period varies with the winter temperatures exLYNN ERICKSON

because of a lack of sufficient moisture in perienced and with the depth and persistthe air in the storage quarters. Stored plant ence of the snow cover. Where large Smithfield, Utah

parts naturally lose some moisture, but when quantities of produce are to be stored, and the storage place is too dry, these losses the storage is to be emptied at its first openare so great that they cause excessive (Continued on page 520)

SEPTEMBER, 1943 519 * For Gardeners (Continued from page 519)

factory. Vka 194344 ing, pit or trench storage is highly satisThe Outdoor Pit. The outdoor pit is

circular to oblong in form, measuring from three to six or more feet in diameter or large enough to accommodate the amount of produce to be stored. A pit six to twelve or

fifteen inches or more deep is dug throwing the soil around the outside so that it may prevent water from entering the pit. The

bottom and sides of the pit are lined with burlap, salt hay, straw, or other material otieae to keep the roots from coming into direct contact with the soil. The roots are then

FALL QUARTER placedat the inedgethe andpit fillingpiling totothea groundpoint inlevelthe center. Building paper, boards, straw, or

other material is then placed on top of the of to three produce and a layer two Opens Monday, September 27 stored to inches of soil placed keep on top materials such as straw, or salt hay from blowInstruction begins Tuesday, September 28 ing away.

At the top of this pit a straw ventilator about one foot in diameter is placed to allow warm moist air to escape and also to allow the cold to work down into the pit and chill the produce. As cold weather continues and when there is a possibility of

Courses are Offered in the Following Schools frost entering the pit, the straw ventilator is removed, and four to six or more inches of straw or salt hay or other insulating

AGRICULTURE HOME ECONOMICS materialing; this ismaterialplaced onis intop turnof thecoveredsoil coverwith

five or more inches of soil. At this time

the temperature of the produce should have point. rethe freezing approached When

sufficient from the produce pit, a ARTS AND SCIENCES EDUCATION moving

ENGINEERING familyquantityneedsshouldfor twobe weekstaken orto moresupplyso thatthe FORESTRY the pit need not be disturbed too often.

INDUSTRIES AND Aftermoved thethe quantitypit shouldof berootsclosedhas tightlybeen reto

COMMERCE TRADES keep the frost from entering.

The Outdoor Trench. The trench is made

similar to the pit. Instead of being round

in shape it is long and is preferred for the * storing of cabbage, celery, and the root crops. After an excavation varying from

is six to inches or twelve in depth more Adequate housing accommodations the similar sides are lined bottom made, and to the pit. The produce is then placed

in the trench and the same protection given rancii\ eaet asStoragein the pit.for Mild Temperature Areas

LOGAN, UTAH (Rarely Below 0 F.)

The Insulated Box. In addition to the

Write to the President's office for a catalogue or additional types of storage facilities suggested for the information low temperature areas, an insulated box, sand box, and other types of storages can k it be used successfully where only mild winter temperatures are experienced.

For people who live in rented homes, flats, or apartments, and for many home owners, the cost and space involved in the construction of a storage room in the basethis prohibitive. For ment make it group| FRIENDMAKER IN AUSTRALIA | the insulated supply a box or bin may

A sergeant from Rigby, Idaho, was confined to a hospital 1 tical solution to their storage problem, pracsince built at comparatively can cost be low in Australia."reading the Improvement was While he "somewhere7 it

in located garage, can the basement, be and soldier convalescence, passing during a Era one day1 by his bed 1 building. other or unheated some Such

1 noted the name of the magazine and stopped. He introduced him- j box can be built to fit the space available.a

it is that the overall advised However, in the contingent, Idaho. from men man He knew of other self—a j of such less than twenty- a be not box there and soon proved a friendmore introductions. were Era The | widthH eight inches.

B maker among service men far from home and at a time one of them 1 An insulated box consists of two boxes, i needed friendship most. one placed inside the other. The boxes

should be tight, preferably of tongue and

Give your boy the companionship of 1 grooved lumber, with the insulation material packed in the space between the two boxes. At least four inches of insulation

is consist of and recommended dry may| THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I cork, shavings, or sawdust, layers ground iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii (Concluded on page 566) 520 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Where Will I Stand, After This War?"

"The big job is to win the war and get the boys home. But afterwards—will I be ready

for Peace, when it comes? Will my family

be on solid ground, or will I have got myself into deep water somehow?"

Questions like these face all of us as we are swept along by the wild forces of war.

We are laying the ground work right now for what comes later. Let us plan wisely.

This year most farmers will work harder than ever before in their lives. The national

farm income will soar to a recordhigh level.

It is war income, and history shows that war prosperity is temporary. War profits must

be handled with care In the farmer's pattern for Peace, these are sound rules to follow:

Buy War Bonds. Buy them for the duration, and to hold. They are our best investment in America's future and in our own

personal future.

Pay Off Indebtedness. Be free of old obligations—ready for the needs of a postwar world.

Avoid Land Speculation. Beware of the

gamble that may lead to grief, as it led so many farm families into years of trouble after the last war. Already there are signs

that this hard chapter in farm history is repeating itself. Buy only land you can use

and pay for.

Grade Up Your Livestock. Take this opportunity to cull out scrub and lowgrade

animals. Replace the culls with better stock,

through breeding, and by use of better sires.

Fewer and better animals are more profitable than many mongrels. Scrub cows and

hogs demand about as much feed, shelter, and fencing as the best of stock, and take work and time that you can use more profitably. Improve your herds and flocks now

and lay the foundation for prosperity in the years to come..

In the 112year history of International

Harvester, five wars have interrupted the march of American farming. Each was followed by wonderful progress. When this

global conflict ends, Harvester will face tremendous new problems.

Today we work for Victory, building weapons for the fighting front and for the food front. Hut we are also able to give

some thought to designing new power and equipment, making postwar plans for farming. We pledge to work out our program for Peace with the farmer's best interests always in mind. The management

and employes of International Harvester look forward to the day when they can devote all their energies again to the service of this nation at peace.

INTERNATIONAL HARVESTE America's Leading Manufacturer of Food Production Equipment ';;'".'.:{.: ''::':'':':: ': '':. ';.::.:::::...'..:.::':; ''':'

SEPTEMBER, 1943 521 ANTHROPOLOGICAL CONFERENCE

By DR. CHARLES E. DIBBLE Walk to Church

/\ne of the most progressive and -, laudable developments in anthroSave,.. Share.,, and Serve pologysponsoringin recentby theyearsMexicanhas beenAnthrothe

pological Society of an annual roundtable conference. A subject or problem to be discussed is chosen a year in

advance, and workers in the field devote much time and effort during the S-T-R-E-T-C-H year to the preparation and arrangement of material to be presented.

During a threeday conference the Your Gasoline Coupons problems are discussed in an atmosphere of friendliness and cooperation.

A good oil will help you get better gasoline mileage. UnitedspondedStatesfavorablyanthropologiststo invitations,have andreVico Motor Oil puts a thin, tough oil film between all they now take a very active part in the

conference. The meet brings the commoving parts and does it the instant your motor mon fund of anthropological information up to date, clarifies many nebulous

starts. This reduces friction, helping your gasoline theories, and points the way for subdeliver more power to the rear wheels where it sequentDuringinvestigation.August of this year the third

counts. annual conference met in Mexico

City. The subject for discussion was

"The Anthropological InterrelationNext time you stop for gasoline at your neighborhood ships between Northern Mexico and

Pep 88Vico station, have the service man drain and the United States."There is linguistic

and archaeological evidence of contact flush the crankcase and refill with fresh, clean Vico between the area which is now the—the balanced oil. southernthe advancedpart ofpreconquestthe United culturesStates andof

Central Mexico. This contact has been

over two main routes: along the west

coast of Mexico into southern Arizona

KEEP YOUR andcoastNewof MexicoMexico,intoand thealongMississippithe east

peoples, ideas, and objects from moved CAR IN Mexicoarea. There is abundant evidence that northward and from southern

FIGHTING TRIM V** /* n*& UnitedDuringStatesthe pastsouthward.two years research

and excavations have been intensified

UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY STATIONS AND alongfindingstheseon thistwo problemroutes. Thewere latestdisDEALERS IN ITS PRODUCTS searchcussed thisworkersyear ofby Mexicothe leadingand thereUnited States.

ANSWERS TO

SCRIPTURE QUOTATION QUIZ AMERICA'S FINEST OVERALL

SINCE 1853 (Questions found on page 514) 1. James 1:5

2. Revelation 14:6

THERE'S A REASON—3. Pearl of Great Price, Joseph LEVI'S Others can't imitate LEVI'S I Smith 2:17

4. Doctrine and Covenants 93:24

5. Book of Mormon, Moroni 10:4

6. Lorenzo Snow

PAIR NEW LEVI STRAUSS. A FREE 7. Pearl of Great Price, Moses 1:39 IF RIP THEY

8. Appended to the Pearl of Great

scratch CONCEALED COPPER RIVETS ON BACK POCKETS Price9. Doctrine and Covenants 20:7779

10. Doctrine and Covenants 115:3, 4

522 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Promise

of Peace

...,*

-Photograph by Milton Snow

here the ceaseless clangor of construction, %otForcing of brains and hearts and hands and eyes

To forge more fearful monsters of destruction

And swift death screaming from the skies.

Beneath heavens whose only gift is life potential,

Sighs this ancient, sunsoothed land, dreaming on

Of stygian nights when war's dread storms, torrential,

Were followed by a perfect dawn.

By And now, with stoic, elemental reason,

ESTELLE These simple, sunhued children of the earth its season WEBB Labor with faith—and harvest in

THOMAS God's golden pledge of life and birth!

SEPTEMBER, 1943 523

THE

/Keualoud Mttitudes OF NOTED MEN

By LEON M. STRONG

"\17'hen the colonial fathers were attempting to construct the U.S. Constitution, so many disparate views crept

in that they were apparently making no progress. Benjamin Franklin, the

sage of Philadelphia, rose one day and in part, made the following observation:

I have lived, sir, a long time; and the

longer I live the more convincing proofs I see of this truth, that God governs in the affairs of men. And if a sparrow cannot

fall to the ground without his notice, is it probable that an empire can rise without

writings, sacred that except the build LordItal's vA\ we mata his aid? We have been assured, Sir, in the

it. the house, they labor that build in vain

I firmly believe this, and I also believe that,

political in this building ceed better than no fe\s-\U\ta Soan \ without his concurring aid, we shall sucthe builders Babel; of divided be by we shall

our little, partial, local interest, our projects

These husbands! Very handy to have around the becomewill be confounded,a reproach andandwe,a bywordourselves, downshall

house... but completely irresponsible. Easy vickindthe futuremay ages.hereafterAndfromwhatthisis worse,unfortunatemantims for the wiles of some designing female (see instance,by humandespairwisdom,of establishingand leave itgovernmentto chance,

illustration). And right in front of the 'little war and conquest.

I, therefore, beg to move...

woman,'too! That henceforth prayers imploring the

assistance of heaven and its blessings on

It's lucky for these two miscreants, this is our deliberations be held in this assembly every morning before we proceed to busi- a FelsNaptha home. They know the telltale ness, and that one or more of the clergy of

this city be requested to officiate on that evidence will be gone tomorrow... so easily service.1

they probably won't even get a scolding. While it may be doubted that Napoleon lived a truly Christian life, yet

the diacknowledged seems to have Yes, that's why we make good FelsNaptha he mission vine Christ. Napoleon of Jesus

Soap... for homes where there are is reported to have said

hardworking husbands, happy, ChristI knowis nomen,man.and I Everythingtell you thatin Jesushim

heedless children and busy women. hisastonisheswill confoundsme. His spiritme. Betweenoverawes himme, andand

That's why we're doing all we can whoeversible termelseof comparison.in the world, Mytherearmiesis no haveposthe living, as Carwhile even me to keep your grocer supplied forgotten

is Hannibal. our forgot Such thaginian army

us, and with FelsNaptha Soap. power! A single battle lost crushes adversity scatters our friends—What an

abyss between my deep misery and the eternal reign of Christ, which is proclaimed, loved, adored, and which is extended over all the earth! Is this to die? Is it not to

live! 2

notes Madison's James Gibby. George E. The Spirit of '76. Caston PrinFELS-NAPTHA SOAP banishesTattleTale Gray"ters,Mn 1939. Ltd., p. 97

524 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Jo Jkode Who l/l/ould CjIwe

Cuemtklna'ULKima JYieuJkea Afaue

d5u Jr&&idenb -Meber rf. Ljrant

+-/ have met any number of people who have said: "Oh,

I wish that I had that faith and that knowledge which you claim to have. I

would give everything in the world for it."

I remember distinctly that one of my friends said to me: "I would give

everything I had in the wide world if I had the knowlege you claim to have, and that your brother, B. F., claims to have."

I laughed and said: "That sounds very fine, but there is only one trouble

about it, and that is that there is not a word of truth in it. We do not ask you

to give everything you have. We ask only, my dear friend, that you quit

swearing when you get mad, that you quit smoking cigars, and that you quit drinking."He said: "I never was drunk."

"No, you never were drunk, but I have heard you say a lot of things that I know you were not proud of after you were sober. And you have got to quit

gambling."He said: "I wouldn't gamble."

"But you play cards with your friends and take twentyfive to fifty dollars a month away from them as regularly as you draw your salary. In fact, I once

heard you say that you generally pay twentyfive or fifty dollars a month on your debts by enjoying yourself playing cards. You are just smart enough that if

you did not win you would quit playing. So you are a gambler. Now all you

have to do to acquire that which you say you 'would give everything in the world for'is to make of yourself a better father, a better husband, a better citizen, and ask the Lord to forgive you for doing the things that he has revealed in our day men ought not to do. And after you get a testimony of the gospel, the same as I have,

and the same as my brother Fred has, we do not want all you have got—we want

you to keep ninety percent of it, but we may come around and ask you to give us a little of the ninety percent to help build meetinghouses and for other purposes.

We do not want it all. You do not have to give all you have got and all you will

get; you don't have to give 'everything in the world,'as you say you would—all

you have to do is to give away your bad habits, and change your life, make a better individual of yourself, and keep the commandments of God."

I regret that he never did.

Jke Lditord fcaaef 525SEPTEMBER, 1943

Stop! Look! Listen!

BEFORE JV-..v-- AFTER

Mr. Member.

OF THE CHURCH

you are satisfied with a brokenBut in Utah he found a reproduction

IF down building, one that suggests of New England. He was surprised to

crudeness, that is what you will get. find a "Captain's Walk"on the BeeIf you demand a properly kept house of Hive House, which is a typical New

worship, one that suggests refinement England feature of architecture.

the breathes that atmosphereand an includthe church, of authorities The will get it. Despirit worship, you of been have bishopric, presiding the ing

will best the best, the andmand buildings for years for come pleading many janitorial slipshod forto Stand you. afraid are us. represent really that We "Let's sit dust. in willservice and you of speak not do that they times many better let's our be but ourselves,be all this yet, with selves; and our better

selves."hammering, there are some wards and

Sometimes the impression is given stakes of the church that are not rethat because our pioneers went through sponding to our pleading. Above are

untold hardship incidental to frontier two photos of the same building. One

life this is the only kind of life they picture represents their better selves knew. This is just as far from the truth and the other shows how we can get

as anything could be. The majority of "down at the heels"when we neglect

the pioneers were people of refinement our buildings. A situation of this kind

and culture. They appreciated the finer doesn't necessarily reflect the faults of

things. To prove this, one has only to the custodian or even the bishop alone.

go back over the trail and see in the If the church members stand for condiarchitecture of their homes and church tions like the first picture, we will have buildings what their character was. Of them. If we "spunk up"like the fine

the Kirtland architecture, Mr. Thomas people of this ward did, we can change

O'Donnell, A.I.A., assistant professor the environment of our boys and girls.

of architecture at the University of IlOne picture suggests dilapidation and linois, says in part: the "don't care"attitude, and the other

Although there are in the world many gives the feeling of worship.

archiof churches cathedrals, and temples, things the are here some of Now, interest, of yet historical tectural and right a have member, church as a all Shall if be? you, architecturunique more these there is none

ally or more interesting historically than the to demand:

Latterday Saints these which "temple"You have Attitude of the Bishopric.

of Kirtland. village built in the that of your bishop right to expect a

Mr. A. Leicester Hyde, a district of-—Illustrated by Nelson White he sees that the building is carefully

all to time, that time from inspected for states Histhe ficer in the western historic of buildings and are more There clean neat are and building the parts of survey, Building made toric American all the in than architectural merit in Utah bishop properly. function The and archiearly about Utah these comments In states combined. western ten remaining see custodian the dignify and should territory lookvisiting the after tecture haciendas; have a Mexico few mud we New

the of receives cooperation the he that. built of buildings Bridger; historic in Caliworth in Fort ing for and Wyoming,

prior to 1860: fornia the Spanish missions. ward in helping the custodian keep the

526 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA equipment should be placed throughout

By MARVIN O. ASHTON'properlythe building.from Thisseasonshouldto season.be checked

Of the Presiding Bishopric i Our New Program Ahead. About

October 1, we are going through this church and label our buildings. If we

find a building with about 80% efficiency in the items we have mentioned, we will favor the ward with an honor award. If the building qualifies at

about 90%, we will give high honors.

To wards or stakes, and there are many, reaching near 100%, we will give highest honors. Please remember this

and look for the label of approval.

In conclusion, it is not intended in this article to intimate that all of our are Webuilding in good condition. A custodian YALECREST WARD, BONNEVILLE STAKE meetinghousesemphasizing ordershall andbe palaces.cleanliness and

is helpless without proper sentiment. trying to impress our people that they

these right to there that expect be in authorishould of the expect and must a Attitude You have of Custodian.

toilet soap, towels, paper. rooms There ties their of care the proper and wardright to expect that the custodian be

thoroughly clean but also that he be should be mirrors. These rooms should furnishing of the places of worship.

congenial. There is nothing that upsets be spick and span, and where it is in Never in the history of the church have

a ward more than a grouchy custodian. keeping with the rest of the building, we been more gratified in the renaisin especially ladies'the rooms, a few in buildings. sance of upkeep Never right to Building. a have The You in touches to the the of rooms way the mindful has or church been more shall building painted that theexpect be draperies should imadded. be These sacrifices grateful of the the made byinside roof to foundation out from and general the the of prove atmosphere this in of church having members proper of time. time to asfrom You, a member building. places recreation, worship, eduand severalthe that for church, should know Ventilation. Heating and have cation. You don't to the emphasize want forWe for offered the to churchyears has pay the right to that expect building the be if shall negative. criticized be we We will if local paintthe the put people

ventilated, heated in and and do. there are corners dark However,it on. properly

it is just some sections to as important this in there "don't is a church where

Grounds. There are a few spots in have the building cool in the summer care"attitude and if this article helps to

forthe landscaping church water where it as it is to in the winter. have it its will out, blast warm serve them purpose.

is it is available. not or where Where will Fire right continue Hazards. to the church to The demand You have

isthe accessible water with some better shall the labor expect that places building of worship as represented as have and cost, you have a right to ask that low a fire risk as possible. Fire fighting in the accompanying photographs.

the grounds be properly landscaped, that a few evergreens pierce the sky and flowers, shrubs and trees adorn the grounds. These help us to worship God COLONIALWARD HEIGHTSAND

as we ought and help us to be reminded PORTLAND STAKE of our better selves, culture, and refineTABERNACLE ment. You have a right to rise in indignation when the grounds show lack of

care and weeds are allowed to grow.

You have a right to insist that broken windows be replaced.

Furnishings. You have a right to expect floors to be painted or covered with

carpet, linoleum, mastipave, or some covering that eliminates as much noise as possible so that you will not be disLAYTON WARD, turbed during the time of worship. You NORTH DAVIS

have a right to demand that obsolete STAKE furniture chiseled with age or jackknives be repaired or thrown out of the chapel. When our pioneers arrived,

they immediately had to put up log homes for shelter. They had to make

some of their furniture of the crudest type. That day is past. Nothing is

more disturbing than to go into some of the church buildings and see clumsily fashioned furniture for our boys and girls to sit on.

Restrooms. Nothing is more disgusting than the conditions in some of

these rooms in our churches. You have

a right to expect the fixtures in these rooms to be constantly in a state of good repair. You have the right to demand that the toilets be properly ventilated, clean and sanitary. You have a

SEPTEMBER, 1943 527 Jke JsnLemauonaItu jrood Konfeemn.ce

States Dr. Merrill K. Bennett in the

Geographical Review:

"About threefourths of the world's population probably subsists on diets qualitatively inadequate and only onefourth on diets that may be qualitatively adequate."

This is the situation in normal times.

The accompanying article is a consideration of the more critical international food situation in war time and affords an incidental inside glimpse of the food conference at work.

Dr. Franklin S. Harris was invited by the government of Iran,

which he has previously served as agricultural adviser, to represent it at the recent International Food Conference at Hot Springs, Virginia. Ed.

Thereation isfornothedoubtworldthatasthea foodwholesituis critical. Under normal conditions,

food shortages may be found in some parts of the world as the result of drought, pests, plant diseases, and other agencies, some natural, some manmade, which reduce crop yields. In

some of the densely populated areas, hunger in one section or another is almost the rule. When we consider that

normal production throughout the world has for the past four years been upset by the most universal and devastating war of history, it becomes evident that the food problem can be expected to be serious.

War destroys everything in its path;

it uses the most capable men of the various countries for its destructive purposes rather than leaving them for normal production; it breaks down the

normal system of transportation by which foods can be taken from areas of—Photograph by H. Armstrong Roberts

abundance to areas of scarcity; it esThose who are best informed on the

to in attempttablishes blockades an that believe resources world's needs and agriculture. food purpose and The on the hasstarve the This enemy. war it possible will to eventually produce be to stock of take of the conference was all qualities wars, previous and ofbad sufficient that everypeople food so situation present food throughout the

it its terrible addition,in extended has nourished. adequately can be where for lay plans to the permaworld a and all thateffects of the parts to so world is desirable of condition capable Such a nutrition of the of betterment nent manits is blighting free country fromno if the only achievement has mankind to kind. nations Fortyfour respondedinfluence. his foresight to plan and food wisdom call, 18, this dele1943, on and May the nadelegates from of its to many The according economy maximum at these nations gates met from Hot

tions Springs at participating the Hot capacity. setting beautiful Springs, Virginia, a

of records brought ConferenceFood the present evident from It seems of in the the tops Appalachian mounactual shortages borderingfood on allied situation that military the nations tains.

famine. These records cannot be made will surely triumph in the conflict and

public for strategic reasons. We can, that they will also have the responsibilThe nations responding to the invitahowever, say that practically all naity of feeding not only themselves, but tion were Australia, Belgium, Bolivia,

tions of the world, belligerents and also of aiding the vanquished and the Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, Colombia, neutrals alike, face food shortages. enslaved nations. This can be done Costa Rica, Cuba, Czechoslovakia,

Even when the war ceases and blockadequately only by longrange planning Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Egypt, ades are lifted, the surpluses found anyon the part of the best experts of all El Salvador, Ethiopia, French Delegawhere will be immediately absorbed by the nations. tion, Great Britain, Greece, Guatemala,

starving countries. Everywhere there Haiti, Honduras, Iceland, India, Iran,

will be continuing food shortages. It "D ealizing that plans to carry out this Iraq, Liberia, Luxembourg, Mexico,

will be a number of years after the close ** great obligation should be underNetherlands, New Zealand, Nicaragua, of the war before adequate food baltaken at an early date, our own governNorway, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, ances can be established throughout ment issued a call to allied and assoPhilippine Commonwealth, Poland, the world. ciated nations to join in a conference Union of South Africa, Union of Soviet

528 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Socialist Republics, Uruguay, Venezuexpense of getting them here was so ela, Yugoslavia, in addition to our own great. Most of them flew. They came GENERAL DECLARATION

country. Most of the countries had by plane from Chungking, China, from Seven Conclusions Reached by

from six to ten delegates, in addition to India, from South Africa, from the the Food Conference a number of experts and advisers, alcountries of South America, from New though some countries were represented Zealand, and Australia. From the most This conference, meeting in the

of greatest the ever midst war in eight or ten they parts fewer. All voting came done by distantby was

full in of vicconfidence and air. of waged, the with the that countries so headscountry, days were They by tory, probthe world considered has

the agriculture, of voting the the departments delegationssmall same had of agriculture lems food and andpower as those with large ones. heads of educational institutions, the clares its belief that the goal of freede-

The United States, which furnished authorities on nutrition, and leading dom from want of food, suitable and the secretariat, had available an adestatesmen of the countries. What an adequate for the health and strength

quate clerical force to care for the curarray of information, influence, and abilof all peoples, can be achieved.

ity get here! therent out to proceedbusiness found and was the is first complete to task 1. The

divisions theings various of reports and deliver to the of and war winning the of world languages the of Most day.each and tyranny from people of millions or one understood been by could have

of period the During hunger. from all the delegates, but the of another of aftermath in the first critical shortage ses- a plenary meeting wasThe English. in conducted were proceedings be can hunger from freedom war, all delegates at the of and A sion which lanin another spoke anyone conWhen urgent and only achieved by sitting present,advisers were by deleinto translated his were remarks efforts consumpto guage economize certed

officers,gations. had which Temporary dissupplies, and conincrease tion, to Spanish were English. French and

been appointed by the host country, sidered as official auxiliary languages. tribute them to the best advantage.

the outlined the and meetingopened in French, more delegates spoke few conequally 2. must A Thereafter we convention. of thepurposes The first spoke maintain Spanish, a number efforts and in to win in cert our ofspoke election the of permanentitem was from freedom fear and the delegates from of freedom Portuguese, some and

ficers. from the U.S.S.R. spoke in Russian. In want. The one cannot be achieved

For efficiency, the convention was reality, the language barrier was not without the other.

into four sections.divided was The first enough been has never 3. There

Levels anddevoted to Consumption people. This of all for the health Reapparent,venient to althoughbe able toI understandfound it verya numcon- food

quirements. The second section was ber of the languages that were spoken. is justified neither by ignorance nor

given over to the Expansion of Producby the harshness of nature. Production and Adaptation to Consumption The greatest friendship between diftion of food must be greatly exNeeds. The third to Facilitation and ferent delegations was evident. Nopanded; we now have knowledge

Improvement of Distribution. The where did any hostility manifest itself. of the means by which this can be

imagination and It requires great done. to the devoted seemed fourth Everyone Recwith making was charged goveach of the part will firm on adequate to provide of helping for Continuing Cartask and ommendations of use to people make and ernment

countries. all of all the people food for the of the Conrying Forward Work that knowledge.

ference. From twenty to thirty workNational boundary lines were largely

ing committees were eventually orobliterated and mankind was consid- 4. The first cause of hunger and

is It useless is poverty. malnutrition in other unit than any as sections. ered four more a these ganized under and unless food men more to produce it that has international convention devoted to were few days The first to abthe markets provide nations Politics attend. privilege to of fields investigation been outlining the of my expansion an must be it. There sorb

the different sections, committees, and and bickering seemed to be almost of the whole world economy to prosub-committees. After the fields of acwholly absent. Since I was an adviser vide the purchasing power sufficient

tivity were thus outlined, the various to one of the smaller nations, I had an to maintain an adequate diet for all.

groups set themselves to work on the opportunity to get the point of view With full employment in all counproduction, industrial tries, enlarged the of nations, as of well as units small the at problems. so work, many With

inexploitation, an of the absence it the that evident large or ones, of the and there hours was few were day bewithin and of trade flow creasing full congiven countries with smaller were that not taken evening up were managecountries, an orderly tween meetings of one kind or another. sideration. ment of domestic and international

investments and currencies, and sustained internal and international economic equilibrium, the food which is

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, President, Brigham Young University produced can be made available to

all people.

5. The primary responsibility lies

The results of each day's activities In the section devoted to Consumptive ownwith peopleeach nationhave thefor foodseeingneededthat forits were summarized in a journal. This, Levels and Requirements we heard life and health; steps to this end are

together with statements issued by the fundamental principles of human for national determination. But each

various delegations and the recomnutrition discussed by the best experts nation can fully achieve its goal only mendations of the various groups, were from each country. The newer knowlif all work together.

available to all the deleeach morning of of nutrition food deficienand edge to our respective 6. We commend

gates, could person keep so that every the considered world authorities cies was by and authorigovernments himself informed on what had been acties on these subjects. Each nation atstudy and adoption of the findings

complished during the previous day. tempted to show its own deficiencies and recommendations of this conferdis- concerted early the urge ence and Usually pages one its than more hundred needs an effort and and made was

fallrelated problems of the cussion of material all mimeographed were new to of discover methods overcomin by this conferof the scope outside ing the delegates of the each morning, hands deficiencies. evident ing these It was ence.

so that, in addition to attending meetthat countries like China, Java, and ings, the members were kept very busy India have problems that are entirely 7. The first steps toward freedom

informing themselves on the proceedunknown to countries of northern Eufrom want of food must not await the all final of problems. solution other ings from day to day. there world, rope where and the new field will in one advance made Each

is of milk supply an abundant and other quicken strengthen advance and

T WAS very much impressed by the products that are almost wholly lackall others. Work already begun mustin

personality and the ability of the ing in the Orient. The ingenuity of be continued. Once the war has been

various delegates. Doubtless the counsome of these large countries with dense won decisive steps can be taken. We

tries sent some of their most capable population in feeding their people is must make ready now.

citizens to this conference, since the (Concluded on page 564)

SEPTEMBER, 1943 529

VL Fields of McKay By RICHARD L EVANS "'TWILL YOUR LANDS; KEEP YOUR Of the First Council of the Seventy

A BIRTHRIGHT; CHERISH YOUR

FARMS AND FIELDS; NEVER REMOVE

YOURSELVES TOO FAR FROM THE SOIL."Some chronicles of\J4uLnt5ville, and of

<JJauid \J. nlcJ\au} aentleman—ana fcarmer

Land of my sires! what mortal hand

Can e'er untie the filial band

That knits me to thy rugged strand!

—Sir Walter Scott That was, and is, Ogden Valley, President David O. McKay was born

first settled in the fall of 1860 by half September 8, 1873, and here has been his

They love their land because it is their own, a dozen or more families of Mormon "home"since then, though his ministry

And scorn to give aught other reason—Hatleckwhy. pioneerwhom wascolonistsCaptain prominentJefferson Huntamongof hasand causedthough hishim officialto encircleduties thehaveglobereMormon Battalion fame, for whom the quired his residence to be taken up elseThose who have tried historically to town of Huntsville was named—and where.

wrest the Scots from their native heath, here has been the home of the McKays, As late as the year 1900, Andrew Jenunderstand full well the intensity of meanDavid, senior, and his clan—since the son wrote of Huntsville: "The climate

ing to be found in the excerpts quoted early years of the settlement. It has in Ogden Valley is exceedingly healthabove. Dearly as they loved their own been their home in the real sense in ful, so much so that up to the present

quarrels and clannish feuds, more dearly which the Scots hold to the hearths of time no doctor has found sufficient inyet did their love they heathered highlands, in Huntsville."locate to That lived ducement matter home, no they have wheretheir lakes, their rugged countryside—and of generations that far they course meant of have traveled. Here or howevery contender therefor has paid high for

every foot of Scottish ground on which he presumed to trespass with possessive motive. Traditionally, they have not been DAVID McKAY, SENIOR, AND

M KAY JENNETTE EVANS ANDgiven over."to "moving CHILTHEIR ELDEST FOUR

this, Understanding you'll perhaps the DREN. OLDEST THE TWO

better DAUGHTERS, understand MARGARET AND then the Scots why who

ELENA, LEFT AT RIGHT AND to other landsgo the for principle sake of LIVES IN LOST THEIR A the betteringor for in opportunity, dig of DAEPIDEMIC. DIPHTHERIA

and hold fast the land, and drive deep roots VID 0. IS STANDING BY HIS

FATHER, AND THOMASagainst thus add elements the storms—and HIS SEATED ON MOTHER'SE. IS

of rockfast unyielding prinstability and LAP.

ciple to those communities of which they become an integral part.

PRESIDENT McKAY IN THE miles east o and north AND HEEDS the THAT KNOWS

VOICE. ITS MASTER'STwelvecity of OLD BARN, WITH A HORSE Ogden, the through rockwalled gorge cut by the Ogden Courtesy{Photograph"Deseret News")

River, is a valley which, in 1849, Captain Howard Stansbury thus described Huntsville children were born and somehow grew up without professional green,... beautiful a broad, valley, help, with medical Jennette and Evans Mcdescent, gentle even,an shut between up ten, of of mother Kay, O. David whom hills, of ranges or.. rather.two mountains,

son, child third firstborn and was the flat,leaving level low, a bottom, densely covered in places by willows,... hemmed had her family and reared her children

in on all sides, especially on the north and as other pioneer mothers, with the west, by lofty hills and rocky mountains, anxieties attendant upon motherhood, upon the tops and sides of which the snow and the diseases of childhood. Thus

inglistened the rays the of sun. morning in his fifth David when O. McKay was

in scene cheering the highestThe was deyear, the chronicles of Huntsville gree. valley, rich level, and The covwas record:ered grass; with springs the broke out from

mountains in every direction, and the In the winter of 187778 the settlement facilities for irrigation appeared to be very was visited with a severe epidemic of great. Ogden's creek, breaking through its diphtheria; it continued more or less for

barriers, flows in a crystal stream at the eighteen months, during which time sixtybase of the mountains on the south, for four children under the age of nine years rather more than half the length of the fell victims to this disease; hardly a family

valley, when it forces a passage through the escaped the visitation. To add to this

huge range which divides this "gem of the calamity, grasshoppers also appeared and desert"from the Salt Lake Valley, by a destroyed the crops....

canyon wild and almost impassable....

Numerous bright little streams of pure runSome of the heartbreaking toll in life ning water were met with in abundance, was later recorded and two of these rendering this the most interesting and dewho died were the two elder sisters of lightful had seen during our long spot we President McKay, ages seven and nine, journey.*and monotonous respectively:

'Note: Unless otherwise indicated,

are from a booklet "Souvenir HomeComingall quotationsWeek, We have passed through a sad ordeal

Huntsville, Utah, July 1, 2. 3, and 4, 1917."during the past three months, losing by

530 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (Photographs Courtesy "Deseret News")

PRESIDENT DAVID ONSADDLE HORSE 0.THEMcKAYHUNTSVILLEASTRIDEHOMEHIS tive land on the same errand that first OUT"HE VIOLENCE,BREAKS HISANDOWNWILLCOLTS,NOT ALWAYSHAVE A HORSEWITHSTEAD, AUGUST, 1943. brought him from there. This left David THAT WON'T OF ITS OWN CHOICE COME TO

O., a lad under eight years, as the eldest HIMHORSESIN THEHE WILLPASTURE.NOT TOLERATE."CHASING BRIDLESHY

scarlet fever and diphtheria about twenty of his father's house and fields. David,

children; the diseases are still with us and senior, returned in 1883, and less than

many are suffering at the present time. two years thereafter, the record reads: Climate and Crops

Deseret News, March 7, 1878.

In 1885 Bishop Hammond, Wm. Halls, HPhe chroniclers of Huntsville are

When young David was in his eighth and Geo. Halls were called by the church eager to assure us that "of later

year, the record notes another change authorities on a mission to settle the San years the climate has been more modiin Brother of Zion. the Consequently family's Stake fortunes: "David McJuan fied."understand why, when we We

his position resigned of as bishop Hammond set apart for a missionKay was to Great read as 6, 1883: of February

at held Huntsville and, a meeting MarchBritain, 1881."7, April Father David,

the 1885, 22, Stake attended by in Bishop Weber of Huntsville looked Hammond in born was Caithnesswho County, Elder David is was us McKay this morning. bishop set upon an The inScotland, 1844, son of William Mcpresidency, the to preside apart Huntsville over reold in "whaler"Arctic Ward been and has

Kay and Helen Oman, had come to with Soren L. Petersen as his first and Chrisgions, where he was more than once surUtah in 1856, and now went to his natian F. Schade as his second counselor. rounded by icebergs. He states that the

(Continued on page 573) "THE FIELDS OF McKAY."PRESIDENT McKAY This position David, senior, held until SEATED lived ON A MOWER, O. his young WITH David 1905, and TEAM DOG. AND THE FOUR McKAY BROTHERS AT THE McKAY IS IN THE BACKGROUND FIELD A 10ACRE OF of of as the the bishop HOMESTEAD son LEFT TO RIGHT: manhood POTATOES.

M., WILLIAM INTHOMASHUNTSVILLE; DAVID E., MORGAN, AND Huntsville. (Photograph Courtesy "Deseret 0. News") McKAY.

SEPTEMBER, 1943 He HOLY BIBLE

INTRODUCTION

'"Phis article on the Holy Bible is -* the first of a series which will appear in the Era from month to month.

There will be three on the Bible which will be followed by articles on the Book of Mormon, the Doctrine and Covenants, and the Pearl of

Great Price. There is a particular

purpose in writing these articles for the seventies of the church. If a

missionary can give dignified explanation of the four church works, more people will be impressed with them.

Every one of them is the voice of

God speaking unto his children.

Everyone of them has the highest value for religion. It is necessary

that the facts of their beauty and origin be known because of the fantastic misconceptions that have risen and prevailed in the minds of many people concerning what these sacred volumes mean to the Latterday Saints.

The greater the Book, the greater the disaster if it is misinterpreted. (Dinsmore.)

Every one who has a thorough knowledge of the Bible may truly be called educated; and no other learning or culture, no MOSES BY MICHELANGELO

matter how extensive or elegant, can, the great crises of Hebrew history, he

Americans, and Europeans form among constantly call to the sounded reform is substitute. civilization a proper like Western before us brought women Abraham faith rededication and through a and Bible; ideas, the wisfounded our our upon if Isaac, real as as and Jacob, and made heart. penitent ancient oracles,""The literature, philosophy, our dom, our our lived they other today. writings Unlike says his in Dr. H. Gardner book art, The ideals, J. the Bible our from come more tells antiquity, of the Bible us of every Bible all It Literature, together. English as other than from books put "have

life. It social of his- a phase follows the is it revelation divinity of humanity; and a rugged elevation grandeur and which tory of the simple their patriarchs and loftiest the contains religious aspirations set apart as almost them highest the

families; is the into led reader the all homes along with representation a candid on in the peak writings of men. Old The

is is that earthly. of shepherds, In the Bible humble the have and... book we is the divine Testament foreshadowing profound beautifully thought expressed; beautifully we of descriptive the ocsimple of the of coming Christ."Jesus girls, the have nature of of boys and men cupations spiritual of men. and The

and chartered accurately than more women, of history has book influenced No noble purposes of people are alone in the novelist of works any modern or the civilization of growth so much as valued. playwright. Phelps.) (William Lyon

of sixtyis a library By PRESIDENT LEVI EDGAR YOUNGThesix Holybooks,Biblegathered volinto one ume, which has been translated into Of the First Council of the Seventy some 950 languages and dialects. It

was written under different conditions, and is the product of many minds exthis holy volume. "The first leaf of the The Bible recognizes the inherent

tending in succession over three thouMosaic record,"says Jean Paul, "has dignity of man as a child of God. And

sand years. From the time of Moses more weight than all the folios of men the very first chapter reveals the fact

to the time when John the Revelator of science and philosophy put togeththat there is one God, the Creator of had his vision on the Isle of Patmos, er."Geikie, the eminent English writer, the heavens and earth, and the Father

the general theme of all writers and places the Bible at the head of the literof the spirits of all flesh. Supremely exorophets is the fact of a true and ature of the world. It is the greatest pressed is the relationship of man to

jfedng personal God. The increasing volume of revelation, leading step by God, and man's inherent dignity.

.movement beginning with our first step to the day when Jesus Christ our "Respect for manhood, involved in the

parents and culminating in Christ Lord would announce the kingdom of very conception of a divine plan of reand the church is a manifestation God upon the earth. No book has ever demption, colors the whole story of the

of the divine will. While every analyzed the feelings of the human soul Jewish people."

.prophet had his distinctive message, in like the Bible, and we have men and [Continued on page 567)

532 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Part VII Tuesday June 1. This is truly a glorious time with the mothers & daughters

in Zion, altho'thrust out from the land of Ltlza f\. -JVnow

of our forefathers & from endearments life. civiliz'dof

for sis. Peircea cap This1; forenoonin the afternoonI made

visited at sis. Miller's, in com[pany]

of Priscinda, Zina, sis. Chase, Cristene

&c. After supper sis. Whitney, Kimball

[and] Sessions came in and we had a spiritual feast in very deed.

Spent the eve. at br. Leonard's with

Priscinda, instrucZina & Sarah-—great...tion forth. was brought

Wednesday, June 2. Spent the after -

a[oon] with Lucy in com[pany] of

Zina, Loisa & Emily. E[mily] & myself

spoke in the gift of tongues. In the eve.

met at Harriet's; had a good time—Sis

Young join'd me in a song of Zion.

Thursday, June 3. Sis. Sessions].

Kim [ball], Whit[ney], & myself spentthe eve at Sarah Ann's [Kimball's]—

had a pow'rful time—deep things were

brought forth which were not to be spoken.

Friday, June 4. We had a very

pleasant visit at br. Leonard's. Present

br. Joseph Y[oung] & wife, br. Sessions] & wife, sis. Whitney, Kimball.

6c. I blest sis. Young.

5. Saturday, SesFathfer] June QUARTERS WINTER AT A "DUGOUT"rest, retir'd to Margaret, fore Marwe

I for leaves atthe wilderness.sions] of temporary the homes shelters were such Many the receiv'd tha, Loisa, Susan Lucy & '46of winter families the during pioneer Mormon sis.tended at Leavitt's. meeting

'47-'48. 47 gift tongues. and of

6. Sunday, glorious a June Had 10. In the Thursday, morfning] June

sis. attime sis. Young's. Present:

sis. her Clarissa's—-blest at Chase met sis. 7. at WoodMet Monday, I [ball],Whit[ney], Chase, &c. Kim last little born daughter which was br. Leonard's ruff's the in forgottenhad to afternoon—atJune mention time a of Harriet she would Told Tu[esday]. receiv'd Butler eve. in the Moth[er] sis.blessing 's at [imball] the after day K eve. gift in interpretation the of get the present. Sis. gift Scovil tongues. of the Sis. at Sarah's. met Sessfions]we & sis. call'd at In aft[ernoo]n the Wood- 8. at Lyman Tuesday, blest Metmyself June Helen [Mar Whitney]. br. to ru[ff's] Priscinda's went 6 &

I in the eve, a stay'd had Whitney's, I interpreted. she blest spoke then & girls sis. Whit[ney]'s where Moore's with of girls shower in home heavythe in singing song, to a each rain—went with for Zina. Harriet sent met, came rejoicing. in the Z[ina] Loisarotation. mud &

Sis. Emeline, her. Richards, Rhoda,

In the at that Harriet's, eve 9. met Visited we with Wednesday, June sis. of one M[arkham]'s Anna, &

sis. [it] told she thought wisYoung me Lucy, L[oisa], Zina, E[mily], Martha, first gift in for the the daughters spoke

for to to the west, go inasmuchdom me a Eliza, Sarah. After had supper we & time. supper with S[arah] Ann Took

Ias br. could so comfortably with go Sis. time. Peirce glorious came

. in—sis. there [Kimball] came Lucy While W. Sis. Peirce. mention'd Pfeirce] had Francis. BeJones Thompson, & M. gift. then receiv'd the We in—she her for his to wish in them, with go me sis. [imball] into went K 's—Helen, absence, yet not decided but he had OF JOURNEY PIONEER MAP sis. S., Harriet Ann, Genet, Sarah

his whether permit. Presiwould are means those on which dates the on map The first in the for [imball] time the spoke K his company advance dent and Brigham Young 'Sometimes spelled Pierce arrived at these points. gift of tongues—H. Cook interpreted.

Friday June 11. Sent for Harriet

we commenc'd improving in the gifts

Helen got the interpretation, also sis.

W. Mary Ellen spoke in a new

tongue, sis. Pack also—we had a time

notClarissa's—sis.to be forgotten.SnowInreceiv'dthe aft. themetgiftat

before we left Loisa's. We had a glorious time—Sis. Leavitt & Mfargaret]

Peirce spoke in the gift & I could truly say that my heart was fill'd to overflowing with gratitude to my Father in heaven.

Departure from Winter Quarters

The time of winter now is o'er,

There'sWe leaveverdureour shelteringon the plain;roofs once more

And to our tents again.

(Continued on page 571) SEPTEMBER, 1943 533 *A BOY, A BRONC, U i BAG OF MAIL

By BERTHA H. WOODLAND

THEthePonymen whoseExpresscourageand theandlivesforeof sight made it possible are one of the most interesting studies of western history. The trail has been well

marked. The courage and fidelity of

the riders to the clarion call of "The

HOWARD RANSOM EGAN, mail must go through"are known to

PONY EXPRESS RIDER everyone.

Howard Ransom Egan lies buried in the Richmond, Utah, cemetery.

Those who knew him in later life re-

R. Egan, the whiteuine lovebeard,anda woodenskill for leg,tellingand storiesa gen- H..oward call him as a thin little man with a

youngest rider on the entire line of of the old West from his inexhaustthe ible reservoir real of for expeExpress, hard famed and except Pony enterprises romantic and deep down the of son Major was Hethe Bill Buffalo immortal of riences. Cody in the Earth. of Mother bosom of the superintendent Egan, Howardthe eastern division, but was who of the Express, division far western as is Pony eyes no So known human

fifteen, tells first of ride, his the in in Salt west, City from and Lake the story strange ever read his have days, a he words: younger had whenown

lies real leg that in the dry hidden well behis as as as hard tough and wooden first the Express The Pony from alkali of surface the low sunbaked he himself one, Express a was Pony arrived in Salt AprilWest Lake City, rider. Schell Valley. Creek

7, left 1860, having CaliSacramento, fornia, on the evening of April 3, 1860. * * *

On the 9th it arrived from the East, Uistory records that the Pony Exhaving left St. Joseph, Missouri, on the time made on that first trip—if they press was never successful fievening, Aprilsame 3, 1860. lost ever did. nancially. two The enterprise

Officials at Salt that thought Lake its in dollars hundred thousand ofbecause the level country to run over, the Express riders would be able ()ne story that Howard R. Egan eighteen months of operation. Howto make better time on the eastern diliked to tell was the one of an old ard R. Egan speaks about one diffivision than on the western division. The well the "good Injuns"dug for his culty:

two riders who were to run between father in the Schell Creek Valley, Father was George Chorpening's

Salt Lake and Rush Valley were thereNevada, in an attempt to find water agent, or partner, and had the contract fore kept in the city. for a mail station. to carry the mail from Salt Lake to

Father [Major Howard Egan] Placerville, California. I don't know

thought that his boys'record would be When the seventyfive-foot hole whether he had the contract to the east as good as the best, and, if it was, there failed to produce water, Major Egan or not. When the money failed to

would be no rider at Rush Valley to gave up and put his laborers at more come to pay off the men, and other excarry the Express to the city. To be fruitful tasks. penses, Father was forced to pay exon the safe side Father went to Rush As Howard R. Egan rode by years penses, using every resource to keep the

Valley. delivered His remails boys the to going, mail expecting every day later, to things over. he decided look

as expected, his father started told and on that been the ceive had he money the old well and found He descendedfirst ride. sent letter the been boss had from by the walls as hard smooth and this on run swift The pony a of California. was trusted and agent a by way as a by

fractious animal. The night was so planed board. Then a new idea was Father later learned that this "trusted"

dark that it was impossible to see the born in the fertile mind of the fronagent was a connection of the boss, and road. There was a strong wind blowtiersman. Here, in this circular wall when he arrived in San Francisco he

ing from the north, carrying a sleet that of virgin earth, his keen jacknife bewas either robbed or gambled away cut the face of anyone trying to look gan to engrave the story of the Pony the whole amount. It was later supahead. But as long as he could hear Express. posed that it melted by the latter prothe pony's hoofs pounding the road, For several days he carved anycess. Ben Holliday and I had not re-

...Father sent him ahead at full speed. thing and everything his nimble mind ceived a dollar for thirteen months.

All went well until he came to Mill could connect with the "Mail on the The Pony Express continued its

Creek, which covered was a plank by 24, until service its October uncertain follies, hoof"; its danfears and

bridge. the heard strike pony's hoofs He the from the telegraph 1861, gers its vanities vicdoubts; and when andthe bridge, the next and pony moment at Salt Lake tories. met East and West rider inand creek, the were Father and

was wet above the knees. The next When he finished he unceremoniCity.

instant, with one leap, the little brute ously climbed up, placed timbers seHistorically the Pony Express was was out, and they were pounding the curely over the top of the well, and finished but the Pony Express rides road again. It was a very long time rode on his way. He had left a rectoday and always in the hearts of

before the regular riders came up to the ord of one of the West's most daring those who love the old West.

534 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA denly quite helpless to make any tone at all. They found it difficult even toTHE keep the speaking voice in one pitch

for of time, and would area any length J5i.mainaina Oi the alternating becroaking emit sounds Uoice Dot tween pitches one octave apart. For a

few weeks they had great difficulty in woeful lack of accurate informBy J. SPENCER CORNWALL finding a part to sing, but soon thereTheation among musicians concerning Conductor, Tabernacle Choir after they were able to produce the

the singing voice of the boy from and Member, Church Music Committee tones of the baritone range.

childhood to later adolescence conThe third type of change noted ocvinces one that a director of boys'chorcurred less frequently than the other uses should be a sort of trained specialtwo. Several boys were found whose

ist. Where the boys in a chorus are of own voice during the changing period voices were foggy and gave evidence

mixed ages, say from ten to fifteen, they is the chief objective of the director. of a constant hoarseness. During the

can only be wholly accommodated by Then and then only will he sing intelliunchanged period they were never able the use of specially arranged fourpart gently and properly. to sing any of the higher pitches. They

music. Unison songs are impossible always spoke with a lowpitched tone.

with such groups. A proper analysis of '"Phe evidences announcing the imAs they approached the age of the

any chorus made up of these age boys A pending change in boys'voices are change their voices gradually cleared will reveal four distinct types of singnot the same with each individual boy. up. Several remained in about the same

ing voices, namely, sopranos, altos, The writer had the rich experience of pitch area and were good tenors. The

changing voices, and changed voices. directing the music in a boys'home for others became normal basses. The ages

The pitch range of each of these voices of the boys when the change took place is not quite the same as the correspondvaried from eleven to fourteen years.

ing voices in a mixed chorus. The diOne boy, however, did not experience

rector must understand thoroughly the any change until he was seventeen.

singing characteristics of these boys to (Such cases are very rare.)

place them in their proper parts. It is

allimportant that he be capable of de- 'T'he changed voice or bass of this termining the part to which each boy group (tenors being rarely found) should be assigned. Without the proper has neither power nor depth. The singsegregation of voices, the chorus is ing of the higher tones by this boy must

doomed to failure and no amount of be constantly guarded against strain.

musicianship on the part of the director He is proud of the manly quality of his could save it. new voice, which he has heretofore

The voices of these boys are classinever experienced, and much therefore fied entirely on the basis of pitch range. can be attained with him if this factor

With adults, two factors are considered is exploited. The quality of the changed

harsh, first rather is at raw andin a and voice making classification—quality singing. Medium in loud so especiallypitch range; but not so with the boy.

Pitch range alone determines the part a volume is therefore recommended in boy should sing. It is apparent that climaxes. Strain will also be avoided if

testing the voices from the standpoint the boys are not allowed to sing too of pitch range alone is not such a diffiloudly. Musical arrangements which

cult problem. Simply find the pitches give the melodic line to this part are eswhich the boy can sing without strain. pecially desirable from the standpoint

The changing voice gives a director—Photograph by H. Armstrong Roberts of the boy's interest.

the greatest concern. A boy does not The boys of the sopranoalto can be

possess it for any great length of time, ten years. During this period several trained to sing with the utmost artistry.

possibly only two or three months. The score of the boys passed through the But here again the director must be

range is usually exceedingly small, in mutation period. An accurate record most sensitive and skilful if he would

many cases not being more than five was kept on just what happened to each bring out the superb qualities which tones, and is that of a high tenor. The one during the change by a simple dethese boys are capable of producing.

quality, however, of this voice (which vice. Each boy, on his entry into the The boy with the higher voice must alis termed altotenor because of its home, was tested and was taught a song, ways sing with a pure flutelike soprarange) is most beautiful. This fact has the range and key of which were fitted no, with no strain, no wrinkling of the

induced arrangers of music to entrust to his voice. He was given the privilege eyebrows, no tense throat muscles.

the melody frequently to these boys. frequently to sing this song for the Boys of this period, unless advised and

Until rather recently, boys whose other boys or in a concert. As soon as trained properly, are so prone to sing

voices were in the mutation period were any boy with an unchanged voice with that lusty, strident, piercing qualiadvised not to sing until their voices showed any difficulty with the higher ty which cannot be pushed up to the were settled. The famous boys'chortones of his song he was given a special higher pitches except with the greatest

uses of Europe were made up entirely test and the consequent reactions noted. of effort and the consequent strain

of unchanged voices. The advent of the His song was then lowered in pitch to which is soon destructive of the singing

junior high school in America grouped accommodate his change of pitch voice altogether. This tone quality canthe boys of the changing and early range, or another song was substituted not be listened to with ease because it

changed periods together, and it was which he could sing without difficulty. grates on the hearer's ears and cannot

here that the possibilities of the altoThree types of change were found, be made to blend. Many fine books

tenor voice were first exploited in chorthe most frequent being a gradual loss have been written dealing with this uses of changed and unchanged voices. of the higher pitches. This change was problem. The Voice of the Boy, by

Due to the fact that the boy's voice does usually accompanied by the growing Dawson; The Child Voice in Singing,

not remain for any great length of time ability to sing lower pitches. It is durby Howard, and Training of Boys'

in this pitch area, it is very important ing this period that we find the altoVoices, by Johnson are three of the that he be given frequent voice tests. tenor voice. A second type of change best.

As soon as his pitch range lowers perwas found wherein the voice broke When the boys of this period are ceptibly, he must change parts accordsuddenly, almost overnight. In these taught properly, many of them are capingly. To have the boy understand his cases the boys found themselves sud- {Conctuded on page 560)

SEPTEMBER. 1943 535

LIFTING THE ClfimtAl SMOKE SCREEN By BLAKE CLARK Reprinted by courtesy of The Reader's Digest

who said he thought Luckies were the for giving the right answer to the quesbest cigaret"—and on that flimsy basis, tion, "For what would you walk a

FTC points out, the public is led to mile?"...

believe that tobacco experts have found Testimonials have also been featured some special merit in Lucky Strikes. on Camel's broadcasts. But here again,

On the Lucky Strike radio program says the FTC, the public has been miswe hear the incomprehensible jabber of led. Listeners may think the voice sing-

a tobacco auctioneer, ending with the ing the virtues of Camels is that of the clearly enunciated words, "Sold, Ameriperson just named by the announcer;

can!"For many months the announcer but the person himself, the FTC

added some such comments as "At charges, is often not even present at the

Greensboro, North Carolina, Luckies broadcast. The voice actually comes

paid 35 cents more than the average from somebody Camels has hired foT market price."Whereupon the FTC the occasion.

fires a broadside. For one thing, the

"average market price"is actually the The commission also objects to the average paid for all tobacco, including series of Camel ads which boldly proinferior grades destined for chewing claimed that by smoking Camels you tobacco, pipe tobacco, and snuff. Each aid digestion, keep it clicking even

of the major cigaret producers pays when the going is hectic, and in general more than the average market price. assure yourself the digestive stamina of

ads ardent iron stomach. most The the although Amerian says that The FTC more. claim hardly dare vitamins for is sometimes can Tobacco Company

the high bidder at the tobacco auctions, Actually tobacco causes nausea, which digestion, interferes with as any new it is not. Furthermore, more often FTC

systhe neophyte's But smoker knows. dealers continues, the independent who

buy the bulk of the lower grades of tem gradually builds up an immunity to tobacco sell large quantities to the nicotine, as it would to arsenic taken

American Tobacco Company. Much of in small doses.

year, has the past Gold Old "Touring price for it does the paidThe extravagant advertising claims this lowerpriced tobacco is used in cigarets have for popular Luckies—but made

air printed with *"filled the and page recauction the not appear in market people. thoughtful long amused

But they have also hoodwinked the ords. references to the impartial cigaret test

gullible. Hence, the Federal Trade The commission is exceedingly conducted by The Reader s Digest and

Commission, charged with the job of skeptical of the claim that Luckies reported in the July, 1942, issue. The

contained an infinitesiGolds tested Old of the "The Creamprotecting misrepresenthe public from Crop"—contain less nicotine the other than mal fraction costly other cigathan tobaccotation in advertising, has issued commore

plaints against the manufacturers of rets. And it is certain that they are not cigarets. Armed with this colossal

Lucky Strike, Camel, Old Gold, and "toasted"in the popular sense of the weapon, Old Gold advertising menPhilip Morris cigarets. word. The tobacco in Luckies, like rushed to their typewriters—and Old

Among the commission's twelve that in other cigarets, it says, is merely Gold sales soared.

charges against the American Tobacco heattreated and not browned or made But the FTC points out that the Old

Company, makers of Lucky Strikes, is crisp. Gold ballyhoo carefully omits the arone objecting to the claim that "sworn The R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Comticle's vital statement that the difference

affidavits show that among the men pany, which makes Camels, has played in nicotine content of all the brands who know tobacco best it's Luckies two the "testimonial"angle for all it is tested was, for all practical purposes, negligible. that states complaint The to for the growers, the to wareaccordingto one."Talk FTC, worth—or,

fact that the the the actual ads conceal it is in auctioneershousemen, quoted worth. and a good deal more than The

these ads, says FTC. You will find FTC says that many of the testimonials difference between the average amount

few who knew they were going to be are written by the company and not of nicotine in an Old Gold and in each quoted. And since these men "who even read by the people who sign them; of two other brands tested was one

know tobacco best"sell to all comers, that many of the glowing plugs are 177,000th of an ounce. By switching

they are quite willing to praise any false; and that all of them are obtained to Old Golds, the addict who smokes

brand to win the good will of company solely by laying out cash on the line. 20 cigarets a day will subject his system

representatives. Some of them laugh Interviews with althletic champions and to only one 24th of an ounce less nicoas they throw open their coats and other testimonials reveal many who retine in a year. This negligiblyminute

show you their vest pockets, each ceived a $1000 "lift"from the makers fraction is the remarkable difference bulging with a different brand of cigaof Camels, but who do not smoke that P. Lorillard Company has plugged

ret. Camels; and some who have smoked so hard.

As for the "sworn affidavits,"they only a single cigaret—the one they held But Old Gold draws a multistringed

are merely the affidavits of company while being photographed. The athbow. For more than a year it has been

representatives, according to FTC. letes are quoted as saying that Camels singing to you in radio "jingles"that

These men can truthfully swear, "today "don't get your wind,"which is untrue. "something new has been added,"and

I talked to warehouseman Soand-so, A society sportswoman received $1000 (Continued on page 570) 536 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Riding for a 3,ar By PAULINE HAMMER

urprised? I nearly felloff the srailing of chute 4, when I

saw Dot Draper—a small timid girl

and scared stiff of horses; that was

Dot, just the opposite of her sister

Betty Lou. Sure, it was the biggest

of the rodeo,day but Cheyenne to."firm. "I've got in her mouth Her was cried Dot, drawing "Oh!"that fact didn't sense with the make

"It's suicide! redhead the That was clutching breath sharply and pair of wearing Betty aDot was

I killed!"she shouted. almost silk But shirt. green, of sleeve my ridingLou's pants. black

I listen could before wouldn't and hurt, was but Dot wasn't Steve I to could me, Dot up came As talking to the anher stop she was frightened. certainly For when I pale.see she brown was waved my I nouncer. I knuckles the glanced down, sawStetson, hers. didn't she but wave 4 chute All turned eyes toward hand her sunburned showing on up I said, fingering "Hi, Dot!"my railing sitting erect the Dot, on and in darkie's like eye. whites the a Thelariat.

at the stared didn't stiff! kid scared was didn't anything. say She move—just in the of black bronco form

I I her handkerchief of glance and sleek, gave pulled a the out out my fascinated, front of her she—face,corner eye. of perspiration "I arrived the from here wiped my my reel. Dillinger twist watched and

I it ago,''her. afternoon. told foran beastly hour hot a "Anything was can't crazy! "Dot, you're You last landnight?"fourpointhappen more were There

like Dilalone outlaw an ride—let stared, eyes saucereyed, watery. ings were Her "Nothing Dot and

I tried linger!"to chute climb on up

if at seen nevermuch."she'd as the outlaws

riding the outfit? a times. couple hundred a rodeo And "Why If time! in her only reach I could Bettywhere's to Lou?"I wanted shoulders satinclad slender, Her and looked She up and saw meknow. loudas stiffened the beside me her. try realized stop to But I would

can't "Betty Lou taking gentleblared: "Ladies ride-—I'm and speaker side the part she climbed down wayher place."the ride to the cowgirl can men, who chute, the the of even with about

It ride? suicide!"be would "You in for the outlaw toughest west saddle bronco, the then watched on

I grabbed her arm, but she thirty seconds goes one thousand her chance.

wrenched loose and ran toward a dollars. Is there any cowgirl who'd It wasn't long in coming, because

I to leading horses. didn't likegroom two I is ride Dillinger and win that before knew it Dillinger—who prize her, to follow time for thehave money?"grand if critter, a tough I ever saw one

entry was starting. But I did watch Dot's face was colorless. She sat was charging out the gate with Dot

Dot as she led, carrying a flag. She motionless while a redheaded cowon his back, one hand held high.

rode her horse stiffly, as if she was girl talked to the announcer and Dillinger put up a fierce fight, afraid she'd fall off. Even the smile then went over to Dillinger's chute. twisting, kicking. Once the dust

and wave she gave in front of the I'll never forget that ride. Dilcleared, and I could see the black

grandstand were wooden, forced. linger shot out of chute 4 with the stallion buck, giving Dot's head a

Later watching her ride in quaredhead on his back. As soon as he terrific jerk. Her face went deathly

drille, I thought, "I hope the kid was clear of the gate he bucked his white, making the little rouge she isn't planning on riding a bronc. If rider off. She lay twisted and mowore stand out in round smudges;

she is, it will be just too bad! Why, tionless. They carried her small, yet her lips were firm, determined.

she acts like she's scared stiff of her limp form off the arena on a stretchThe crowd went wild when she horse."er. shot clear of the she saddle—but As luck had it, I didn't get a into it again with a jerk, Dot shuddered and her lips came down

chance to say more before they trembled. a jerk I thought would split her in

started the broncbusting. We Then the announcer said: "Is two. Suddenly, rearing on his hind

swung ijp on a railing and watched, there any other cowgirl who would legs, Dillinger tried to loosen his while some of the cowboys tried like to try for that one thousand rider.

their hand at the outlaws. dollars?"Then the pickup horse swung in

Steve Williams, a lanky cowboy Silence. Then Dot jumped down close. Why didn't she slide off? Had

from Montana, took a nice fourfrom the railing. something gone haywire? Didn't the

point landing before the pickup "Dot!"I cried. "You can't ride kid know she might be killed, if she

horse could reach him. Dillinger. Dot!"(Concluded on page 551

SEPTEMBER, 1943 537

DIMOND WARD CHAPEL, DEDICATED BY STAKE HOUSE, SAN FERNANDO STAKE,

PRESIDENT GRANT MAY 19. 1929 AT BURBANK, CALIFORNIA

—Photograph by George Bergitrom

ormond Sam bran nan ajtL

citizens, good and cheerfully testify to that Part XII of its counterpart on own way as that

...* fact. Conclusion Pacific the slope. throbbing Essentialit became a matter of where one

his values. choseFormonismthe peoplesas a religiousof California,and sociologiMor- thousandsIsolated offrommileseasternof landAmericaand water,by ly

cal factor lay feeble and dormant California welcomed the strong inland for three decades after abandonment position held by Salt Lake City. Caliof the San Bernardino colony. Return fornians recognized and were recipients pOR a short time after Brannan's

of the Battalion and disintegration of of its contribution to fast mail and ex- ""apostasy, Elder George Q. Cannon

Brannan's San Francisco group had press routes connecting the Pacific with conducted the California mission from weakened its influence in the bay area. the outside world. With coming of the San Francisco, for benefit of scattered

North and south there remained a few transcontinental railroad, Utah aschurch members and investigators of scattered adherents to the faith, but no sumed added importance through its the faith. From February 23, 1856,

longer could the church exert power key part in this vast undertaking. A until September 18, 1857, President

and prestige by sheer force of numbers. new area of understanding and mutual Cannon published a fourpage weekly

Nevertheless, just because Mormons accord had dawned for all America newspaper and missionary organ under had elected to remove themselves as west of the Mississippi. the title of Western Standard. Able

immediate neighbors, did not mean CalBut California and Utah reached and brilliant editorials of this shortifornians had renounced all interest in maturity and statehood through their lived publication later were gathered their oddly patterned way of life. All own peculiar and respective patterns. into a book and reissued as faith stimthrough those years of chosen isolation, Their orbits, so closely joined at first, ulus to the Saints. But with the general

California cocked an ear to the modrew in upon themselves. Their strugcall of 1857, for Mormons everywhere

mentous happenings in Mormondom's gles were conducted under widely dito return, President Cannon closed the

Rocky Mountain refuge. Johnston's vergent ideologies and social concepts. mission and rejoined his brethren in

Army and the Utah War stirred conTo California the gold rush had brought Utah.*

reverberationstroversial influx up and down of wealth an overwhelming and 1890, did again Not until Mormonism choosing Californiansthe population. grave problems which The coast—with force a virile become on the Pacific involved.their the issues sides in as to consequence, adarose found normal

Coast. of in that year, December Oakdeplorable Mountain returns justment as gold only shrank MeadowThe

land, Elder Pickett the began J. W. diatribe along with venomousmassacre, stable to the turned people and more

story of in modern CaliMormonism energetic Mormonhaters,of certain industry. pursuits of husbandry and

fornia baptizing Alfred by Charles and reaction. unfavorable of sources side Sierras, otherwere the of And, on the

Nethercott families faith. into and the Californians were part most in the valleysBut for the spurned mountain by

of inactive number in that members A their admired the Saints oftolerant and the enargonuats, Brannan and was area invited were their coveto renew to struggle wrestdesperate a commonat a religiosocio- the time acted same nants, that and from the nucleus grew wastes. mountain Utah's logical ofwealth from astounding experiment scope

Branch. Oakland In August, 1892, John Angeles the consequence.Voiced the Los Star, at time of and Mormon To Dalton of Ogden, Utah, apwas of the brotherhood, San Bernardino pursuitabandonment of Luther gold and

pointed as church by the a missionary held gold impor- a of shrunken degree people the with acquaintance our From to that area. In hall, fraternal a hired attributes the simpler alongside tance that Bernardino, mustof say we San we Oakland Branch thriving soon was in dignity faith the industrious, of of peaceable, to comthe and be a them Godknow

lawabiding community. Under great dismon toil. Mormon adherence to this The following year Elders *Alva S.

advantage they have cultivated their farms, ideal through those lean years is in itself Keller, Henry B. Williams, and George

the Bernardino] ranch [San causedand assist to arrived Elder H. Maycock miracle. of something a because And

their occupation, almost before was,which this stand, the peculiar of Mormon to figures facts pertaining 2For and Mormonism's choicest to the withunproductive, teem its is in California, to rich later in the history as indebted author commonwealth became field, the garden. of theproducts and With

late historian; the assistant church Jenson, Andrew

religiontheir peculiarities or church of we to secretary F. K. Pye, Elder into Jenson; and to Mary entry History Ms., Brigham Copied of Young

have nothing to do; we know them to be for November, 1857, pp. 796-8 Mildred Gagon, of the California Mission.

538 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Dalton as missionaries. Maycock and

Williams were later dispatched to southern California to open up that field again. After a fruitful time, Keller was moved to Sacramento, where

he was joined by Elder James D. Cummings. That land once trodden by the

Brooklyn pilgrims, the Mormon Battalion, and the pioneers of San BernarCALIFORNIA MISSION dino, now began hearing the tidings in HOMEearnest. By 1893, there were branches REARVIEWDRIVEWAYFROM

of the church in Oakland and Sacramento, with scattered Saints in Los

Angeles and San Diego counties rapidly being drawn into the net. At that time

the registered California membership numbered one hundred and twenty.

In 1894, after John L. Dalton's honorable release as president of the revived California Mission, Elder Karl

G. Maeser took over. With energy and

zeal so characteristic of this stalwart, he immediately arranged for a Mormon ommendation of President Joseph McMurrin, the first stake of Zion was organized on the Pacific Coast—Los Anthe various Stake—comprising By geles wards in and about that city. From

on, point as fact Mormonismin COanu Lcaiiromia PAUL BAILEY that takes stature. presentday on its i Today's healthy conditionandis force,indicated by the fact that there are now 19

exhibit at San Francisco's Midwinter Again California received the Morstakes, 147 wards, and 3 separate misFair, and militantly launched a series mon people willingly and happily. sions in California. Its grand total of

of public meetings in the new mission When President Joseph F. Smith with Latterday Saint membership, as of

headquarters at 29 Eleventh Street. other church notables toured the mis1942, is 67,529 souls. Truly, the vine

Among the church's mighty ones who sion in 1908, they were honored and has grown over the wall. What the fuvisited the fair, and cried tidings in that banqueted at Los Angeles by the worldture holds, with war and industry

Eleventh Street chapel, were apostles famous Jonathan Club. Such friendly changing America's face as to populaFrancis M. Lyman, Brigham Young, Jr., overtures must have struck them as a tion and technological segregation,

John Henry Smith, Moses Thatcher, far cry indeed from the tragic expulonly a prophet would dare say. But cerand elders George Reynolds, George sions of Missouri and Illinois. tainly that land must continue as one

Goddard, B. H. Roberts, and Andrew In 1900, the mission's population was of the richest reservoirs of strength to

Jenson. 427; 1905, 666; 1910, 1274; 1915, 4168; the church. And the historical part

April, 1896, the Salt Lake Taberand in 1920, 6333. Since 1920, a phenowhich Mormonism has played in Calinacle Choir made its first tour of Calimenal growth has taken place. At recfornia cannot but loom brighter with

fornia, and gave concerts to enthusiastic every passing year.

music lovers in San Francisco, Los

Angeles, Sacramento, Oakland, and

San Jose. Two years later occurred Cobriety, industry, and honest faith

the death of President Wilford Woodwere Mormon virtues which won ruff at the home of Isaac Trumbo in acclamation and good will from natives

San Francisco. By 1904, the Califorof the Pacific slope. The Battalion was

nia Mission had spread its bounds to (Continued on page 561 include portions of Nevada; and four

years later a part of Arizona had been ARCHITECTS OF DRAWING THE PROPOSED added. LOS ANGELES TEMPLE

SEPTEMBER, 1943 539 EVIDENCES AND HENRY FORD ple, and thereby not only changed the faceRECONCILIATIONSwmmummum(W. A. Adams. The BobbsMerrill of our civilization, but brought undreamed-

(John A. Widtsoe, The Bookcraft Co., New York. 365 pages. $3.50.) of opportunities for happier lives to every

this, he accomplishing In cottage. humble City. Salt LakeCompany, thinking Americans, Ford Henry many the workers tradition and made with broke $1.85.) pages.1943. 334 To is citizen the foremost of the country. profits, the in sharers plants gigantic his in

different is in in thought, deed, into an being and American many come He thenBooks wages, and current the doubling by future. the to of labored throughhope writers choose He because possible made them. This increasing ways—some was

life to benefit the out common this one, because like some, costs people—thehas and to lower methods introducingwrite—and by this his people. has great used he end To insistent demands.readers revoluthat have make increase quality—methods gifts. at creative slinger has been The mud industry. tionized scilife as his professional Throughout the essential but work; servhonesty and

churchservant, public andentist, educator, others to afraid what do ice been cavil. not the are of has beyond man He unbelievalmost distinguished and nainto pried has impossible.man—a thought He other possible he has no As man made half nearly going career back variedably 550) page on {Concluded rapid easy the of transportation and peobeen has Widtsoe A. Johna century—Dr.

alert and confused questions fromreceiving and honest and eager students—students

of life, students of the gospel, and students engaged in formal academic pursuits. These questions have come by letter, in church gatherings, from the mission

field, in the classroom, and on informal occasions.

Some years ago Dr. Widtsoe began to

such question? of record permanentmake nearly READING COURSE BOOKS beginning and,as they came to him,

five years ago, to answer in print in the

Era those Improvementpages of The most SIASON 194344 asked. most frequentlypersistently and

"Evidences and Reconciliations"was the adopted, tidegeneral in a Modernto Faith withDay"—anda subtitlethat"Aidsthe Committees of the M.I.A. score another victory for

is attested filled need urgentseries an by inspirational literature in their selection of these comfor permanent requests thatthe fact to increasepilation began throughprogressed the months—thusas the writingsrebooks for the reading course this season:

peating the experience of other writers who, obliged been have demand, of reasonby $2.50 Wells"Executives 'Daniel Hanmer form, in efforts serial book their publishto S. Hinckley Bryant this, the to prior was which, latest ofthe

book published by the late George D. Special Interest

Pyper, The Story of Our Hymns, which Groups "The American Canon"1.00

first appeared as instalments in the pages Daniel L. Marsh

of the Era.

Dr. Widtsoe's pen has long been active M Men "Syrian Yankee'2.75

truth. His sciSalom Rizk thein cause of truth—all

articles His numerous. areentific papers

and books crusading for better irrigation Gleaners "Syrian Yankee"2.75

and dryfarming practice have been transSalom Rizk lated into many languages. His church

compilations and of study, coursesbooks, manhood. early young to hisgo back Books Explorers "The High EdwinTrail"Diller Starbuck 1.10 published, and written manuals by himand

now number more than a score and a half, in addition to magazine and newspaper Juniors... "Mama's Bank Account"2.00

articles, pamphlets, tracts, encyclopedic Katherine Forbes and other writings.

As a research scholar, schooled in the Scouts "This Is Freedom"2.00

finest institutions of two continents, as Rhoda Nelson agriculfirst of a state president,former BeeHive as university, state of then college,tural a 1.25 Girls."Little Women"of director an agas chemist,consulting Louisa M. Alcott of station, memberricultural experiment

government commissions, of scientific soBee-Hive cieties, as a churchman of many assignTeachers "The Invincible Louisa"2.00

ments, and as a world traveler, he has the Cornelia Meigs stimulating manner of the true teacher, the open mind of the true scholar, the enSend cash with order and we pay the postage. Postage added on COO

gentleman, and ofgaging charm a true the or charged orders. Add 2% sales tax in Utah.

pen, of a of God. Histrue humility man

sparing in its use of words and direct in its approach, is nevertheless colorful in exattention on quickly focusespression—and

generalization. avoiding unsupportablefact DESERET BOOK COMPANY

With this brief glimpse of a man and his 44 East South Temple Street introduction, needs neither of whichwork, Salt Lake City, Utah to the to inviteit is gratifying this volume asked of thoseattention who have for it,; "THE BOOK CENTER OF THE INTERMOUNTAIN WEST"of science students, bothand to many

and religion, who will find in it many "aids;

to faith in a modern day."—/?. L. E.

540 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 7W#MEMORY LESSON CONTENTMENT STORM

By Elva Reynolds Thomas By Rebecca Cannon Engels By Lalia Mitchell Thornton

I glad. been have long weather sunny you seen anywhere a towheaded Contentment FORHave this plain of vastness here But upon the Is the flush of dawn in the eastern sky; lad

And a longlegged lassie of eight? The waking song of a bird winging by. I've watched the hands of earth, to find they

had just yesterday, all tousledIt was and brown Contentment of rain. the to benison catch up, PalmsAll laughing, and dirty, and getting home Is the rose, upon the touch of dew pray. I shall loudly nevermore so late of coolness transparent morning's And The clear weather, and us good "SendIt longer than yesterday? was repose. well—maybe bright and warm"a year.

No! it cannot be fifteen, I know. Contentment I have been out where fields dustcovered

They gleefully shouted to look at them WhenIs the silenceheads ofarethebowedwaningas dayif to pray. Andlaysaw the welcome that they gave to skate,

But I was too busy, and supper was late. Contentment storm.

So I angrily called them in from their play, Is the midnight light of the moon above,

And now they have silently wandered The whispered longing of a youthful love away. LITTLE THINGS

Contentment Is the sudden peace of heart By Florence Hartman Townsend

If tall chance by of hear a you sailor lad In the tranquil moment set apart.

in little things: joy beautiful me find lassie a inAnd blue, uniform LET

I tell bowls, and mixing pray bright charm tell them, you to yes, Gay for them me, strings, I would journey the wide world and over SEASON OF MEN Small green striped gourds with handle the sea, (f somewhere I'd find them laughing and By Helen Ladd Lyons A baby'sstems,clothes with scalloped hems.

brown, t istless along brownburned grass calling loaf golden hue, I bake to toAnd look for me at them play '-'Trail the harmonics autumn. The of a graying

Instead flowering hyacinths Spring white and blue.. of grim tasks they must today. do hurry now. Hurry now, J

like these in thingsNothing find joy me could hold me; please tell them. The morning pales and thenight comes Let

else do, please to be hard someone And early.

I'd everything drop no matter late how Hurry, leaves.

If they gleefully to shouted look at them Faster, skate. Faster, faster! THREE LIGHTS

it. rising wind expects m The

quickclustering dark The is tense with it. By Alice L. Eddy

Hurry! GWENDOLYN in the evening of the year

her with Hurry nowhere quickly, before it comes. NowComes lamps Autumn Cannon Porter By Elizabeth

To cheer the darkly somber groves forest brighten damps. And worthy daughter of theGwendolyn,

lights lamp in She one memory Pioneers, summer's vanished charm. Of the of gloryThe has in thee. bloomed West

fire blaze of sumac A ruddy It is right that not should shed our we tears She burns to keep her warm.

Translated in thy beauty, fair to see. And one tall poplar, candlewise

Released from pain, free again to soar Atwinkle, golden bright, lights in our meadow for downInto a realm of which Death is the door. She

child's delight. A little

TO AN OLD SHOE TOWN TALK

By Mrs. R. C. Wood

By Luacine Fox torn andIdle, forgotten—deepscarred to town today slovenly your lie with you There

... buildings towered mate. *f Thewalked overhead as of proud always andHaughty

cliffs tall street, a valley above fate. Closet"toResigned your "Back

like gleaming windows The a thousand ugly; sides are so scars on yourThe

eyes, secrets with hid behind them is thin: leather smooth and wornThe

city to me. spoke I time see remindsBut each you me

of the motors passing cars—Photograph by Lionel Green TheThe by hummed all places the been! we'veOf

horns were sounded. AndWe

the sidewalk... beat, beat, beat—tramped through the wide dusty canOLD SIMON On yons,

feet thousand trod a A wove trod.O'er daisysprayed destiny—and Dorothy meadows Davis Marie we By

life tales thousand of love; and woods darkThrough and damp we wanfaces their spoke And message Standifer Wellevery Simon dawn dered, Old In in smiles, frowns in bitterness... and his leaves the from Rakes walks and followed each of sod. green pathWe fear lawn, old, scuffed, haveYou grown and

In futility; stark gutters the street in turn and trailCombs hope—in tiredness—in weary,

But faithful and true there you lay, And puts the leaves in a box to burn. And hands went quietly about their work.

work surely. at pranks breeze. Their of a mischief He snarls restful, of building—slowly,So familiar—and friendly—and to take Deeds a thousand souls to their at neighbors, all trees. hatesAnd been hurting all day! Growls these pumps have

The clanking milktruck rushing by desired eternity.

He views with dour and vengeful eyes shuffles back with sulphurous And coming mutter And little child ran up, and home—a FAITH chase leaves the gutter. along said more smiling To to me,

By Thelma Ireland Some morning down a golden street "Did you have fun in town today?"

Simon will shamble to sigh and bleat! Today? Arid fun?

Iaith is not without worry or care, God. give him then, for old time's sake, I only know a city spoke.

But Faith is Fear that has said a prayer. The Tree of Life and a golden rake- I heard it—as I walked.

SEPTEMBER, 1943 541 New Apostle7HfCHURCHMSMlpZRA Taft Benson, president of the

Washington, D. C., Stake, was

chosen a member of the Council of the

Twelve July 27, filling the vacancy caused by the death of President

Rudger Clawson. He and Elder Spencer \V. Kimball, named a few days

earlier (See August Era, p. 510), will

be ordained apostles after they are sustained at the October general conference.

Elder Benson was born at Whitney.

Oneida County, Idaho, August 4, 1899.

and bears the same name as his grandfather, the early apostle. He filled a

mission in the British Isles, 192123, and in 1932 he became stake Y.M.M.I.A.

superintendent in the Boise, Idaho,

Stake. Three years later he became

first counselor in the stake presidency.

In 1938 he was sustained as president of the Boise Stake, which position he held until he went to Washington the following year.

SPENCER W00LLEY KIMBALL EZRA TAFT BENSON

At the time of his appointment he was executive secretary of the National Coordinator Aides and gain greatest possible participation

Council Cooperatives. of Farmer these probin solving old young and by Latterof increasing ever number A n of the Accounts apostles two new have date to lems. conferences Eleven * forces, in Saint the armed day men inwill appear issue a of succeeding effectiveestablished popularity and the the totaling problems and 39,635, now Era. ImprovementThe gatherings. these ness of their necesto supervision incident have

sitated the appointment of five partFirst day of the usual twoday meet

Primary General Presidency time assistants to Hugh B. Brown, cois devoted to a complete and rousing

planned of recreation—recogin program Saint of has Latterday ordinator been dele men Howells CannonA dinition for the current of great need service. are: Long military the president John of general appointed They*r invarirected second The day—aswill Clarke, be den and Harry First Presithe who AssociationPrimary by

seri- a ably of a round play.Sunday—brings sistant in the Salt coordinators Lake late the succeedsdency. She May lectures, discussion forums, ous and presarea; former Aird Macdonald, she served Hinckley, withGreen W. whom profaith-promoting meetings. Typical the ident of the Stake and Oakland first counselor.as ParmLa Vern W. is follows: cedure as the in will California Mission, actley, apwho counselor former second was

School. Attendance at a "model"Sunday forarea; Francisco Muir, first Leo counselorpointed Dessie G. San and

chil three into Separation groups: (1) president of Angeles mer the South J.Los counselor. as secondBoyle disdren under twelve, direction of under

the of president and retiring Stake secreSchettler, trict general Bessie board, people Jones Primary unmarried (2) tary and treasurer of the organization, Northern States Mission, who will twelve to twentyfive years of age in Youth has been released. She is succeeded by serve in Los Angeles; and Willard L. Conference, (3) married people and those

first in twentyfive Kimball, over in the Parents'counselor San Forum. TheLillian Jensen.

is Conference three into subdivided Youth will supresidency, Diego Stake who

Sixteen of the twenty members of the discussion led advisgroups by missionary in area. pervise that

general board were reappointed: ers, who conduct each group in turn, enaHawaiian Youth Conference bling all to discuss the topics, "Youth and

Lloyd, Vesta Nina Halliday, Leah A. and "Youth E. The Schofield, Jennie Campbell,Anderson, Jessie In similar manner

Stromness,Margaret Grace H. D. WahlChil- A Hawaiiandistrict youthMission,conferenceintroducedin lastthe Morals,"Education—Vocations."the Parents'"YouthForumand Religion,"considers "Our

quist, Fern C. Eyring, Olga C. Brown, Ruth year for the first time, is a streamlined, dren,""Our Religion,""Our Vocations."

P. Smith, Angie V. Rawlins, Alta Miller, wartime convention plan designed to In the afternoon, lectures to separate

BeatriceZina Brockbank, C. of S. Winsor. give ear to pressing current problems groups of men by members and women

B. and Villetta Coon,Ruth C. Wood. profession the medical health or wartime

The four retiring members of the problems.

board are: September Churchof-theAir forFinalsummarygeneralandassemblyinstructionsin thefromafternoonMission

President Sister church has again and been invited Eldred L. Waldron Bessie Schettler, P. Jones Vera WahlThe Inez a report Rich- T. Waldron.—From by Broadcasting by the Columbiaquist, L. Phyllis Leish- P. Larson, and Ebba

man. System to present a nationwide ard W. Madsen.

Churchof-theAir program. PresenElder Harold B. Lee of the Council tation will be Sunday, September 5, Oldest Pioneer Passes

of the Twelve and Elder Marion G. at 1 1 a.m. MWT, originating over Krs. Mary Field Garner, 107, died

in Salt City. Lake Mark KSL assistant to the have stationRomney, Twelve, inin 20, hip a from Ogden, July

Petersen, E. the general of manager First thebeen Presidency by named in at jury received Utah, her Roy, home Deseret of and member Newsas advisers to the succeeding Primary earlier. in the several born days She was will presidency, stake Sugar House

Elder Charles A. Callis of the Council be the speaker. The Tabernacle Choir Stanley, Hereford, England, February

of the Twelve and the late Elder Syland Organ will present special music. 1, 1836, and in 1841 came to America

vester Q. Cannon. with her parents, converts of the

542 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

church, settling in Nauvoo. She reInformation, he has reached countless

membered having seen the Prophet Joothers with their requests for literature, seph Smith. She came to Utah by ox missionary instruction, and guidance.

team in 1856. Throughout life she was He has also supervised the use and care

work. in active church and community

glasses and did not wear She her j v jPI ofhastheassistedbuilding.her EdnahusbandC. Wheelwrightnot only as

mind was active. She was attended by soprano soloist each week, but as in-

a physician only once in her life prior formal hostess to many clubs and soto her final illness. (See also January, cieties which have attended special mu1943, Era, page 5.) sicales and other church functions.

and 16, children, Jean, Carol their Northern States Mission President With their 9, they made have Richard, David

I. Stodappointment of DavidHP'he and been apartment, in chapel the home

to Oregon, "* dard of La Grande, hours. call at all to subject

preside over the Northern States MisElder Wheelwright has been active sion with headquarters in Chicago was in the Washington Rotary Club, the announced July 27, by the First PresiLEO J. MUIR DAVID I. STODDARD American Guild of Organists, the Music

dency. He succeeds President Leo J. Educators'Club, and the Committee on

Muir, who has presided over the misReligious Life in the Nation's Capital.

sion since June, 1939. Sparetime hours have been devoted to

President Stoddard filled a mission to research in the contribution of music

Switzerland and Germany commencing to the development of the Latterday in December, 1912. He and the memSaint movement, which effort was recbers of his family have been prominent ognized by the University of Maryin the affairs of the Union Stake for a land in awarding the Doctor of Philonumber of years. sophy degree this summer.

Southern States Mission Head The Wheelwrights have now moved

X Teber Meeks, former Utah Securito Stanford University, California, aphas been Dr. Wheelwright where

official, ties Commission and now lecturer i organist acting pointed and officer in federal Florida, ap- a was the direction will of music. have He P. MEEKS HEBER WHITAKER WM. of the president pointed Southern

services'for the choir chapel play and

First the States Mission Presidency by to; chapel, in addition the in memorial

7. President succeedsAugust WilHe the period, the in postwar of greater presenting of courses ones the College

hisliam P. famiwith Whitaker, who, lessons the to heed well world do would Prior to succeeding Humanities. Edly, his will Pocatello, return to Idaho, church. the great taught Mormon by in P. Kimball Washington, D.C<, ward having presias mission served rehome, of system and Their youth movement in 1937, asElder Wheelwright was

excellent. creation since 1940. are 20,dent June sistant director of the Tabernacle in at the magnitude admiration stand filled in President mission a We Meeks Choir, a of general Y.M.M.I.A. member their plantheir system, of and Welfare states southernthe to 1916. from 1914 board, secretary of the and church their people for of ning guidance young and to Before four Florida years moving

in Salt is still especially local of committee, centers, music through which he in the active he schoolsago Sunday was City. Lake member. a

and M.I.A. of the Wasatch and WilBecause of all this, I am glad that my

ford wards in Salt Lake City. grandfather [Edward] Southwick, a lawyer Greetings from Sweden

reRadio Programs infounderIllinois,of Mormonism,defended Josephin his Smith,trial. Mythe President Heber J. Grant has

'T'wo quarterhour radio programs grandfather was a Quaker and believed in ceived a cablegram of greetings weekly are being presented over religious liberty for all faiths. from the Saints in the Swedish Mission

KSL weekly in the interest of the home who met recently in their annual M.I.A.

and children. Music Ministry conference. The message, signed by C.

Each Monday at 6:30 p.m. Elder "VJiTiTH the announcement by the First Fritz Johanson, read:

Bryant S. Hinckley is conducting a * Presidency of an honorable reThe Swedish Latterday Saints together

herewith forward obedient our most and their in the mission of Wheelwright from World,"WorkshopHome—Theseries of discussions entitled "The lease to Elder and Mrs. D. Sterling in M.I.A. general Konferens in Gothenberg hearty to President wishes Heber J. Grant. at six evening years of musical Elder 9:45and on Thursday Washington, D.C.,

Adam S. Bennion is giving a series of ministry in the nation's capital came to British Mission Activities

talks under the general title, "When a conclusion. As recital organist Elder "Deport of continued growth and acto has played Generations Meet."WheelwrightTwo more than "* tivity in the British Mission is made the of 100,000 guests Washington Anastasiou, K. acting president by A.Fire Losses

pOR the first six months of 1943 the chapel, and as director of the Bureau of of the mission, to Elder Thomas E.

losses by fire of church property McKay, assistant to the Council of the amounted to $2,795, according to a reTwelve.

port just released by the Presiding Full time missionaries, though small in are number, maintaining the of the workBishopric. to Losses fire amounted by

branches. all safe. are Members Seventyentire during$42,868.66 the year 1941, are five branches functioning regularly.

and $23,056.08 during the twelve Sunday Schools, Relief Societies, M.I.A.'s

months of 1942. and Primaries are being maintained....

in the Tradition Tithes, fast offerings show improvement.

A T a civic gathering in Santa Barbara, The Destroyer Bennion ** California, in March—called to TThe United States Destroyer Bennion

discuss postwar peace problems A was launched at the Boston Navy

Grace Ruth Southwick, secretary of Yards on July 4. Named in honor of

the National Education Association, the late Captain Mervyn Sharp BenDepartment of Adult Education, and nion who gave his life at Pearl Harbor, head of Adult Education in Santa BarDecember 7, 1941, the vessel was sponbara, among other things said sored by his widow, Mrs. Louise Clark

It seems to me in discussing the great Bennion.

problems brought by the war, and the still DR. D. STERLING WHEELWRIGHT {Continued on page 554

SEPTEMBER, 1943 543 personal life? Concerning departures from the rules

of gentlemanly conduct, from the rules of chastity, morality, from the code of chivalry, it gives him no Editorials special privilege. To be more specific, the uniform

. does not, for example, entitle any soldier to any special

eicome to Jwo cJLeaderi in J.draei/ wouldprivilegenotwithbe entitledany girlto asin aanygentlemancommunityof honorwhichwithhe

the not uniform does change uniform. the out The Arizona, Ezra Safford, of and Kimball, Cpencer W. principles ideals and where rules personal conduct, of called D.C., have been of Washington, Benson, T. is situation there concerned. no chastity are And and

fill vacancies will the apostleship. to two now the They justify young that any would circumstances of set or will Apostles; be in and existing of the Council Twelve for personal standards her in compromising woman genat the October coming the people sustained so by matters, In uniform. he a because wears man any the church. eral of conference personal of rules the doesn't change war conduct—norsuch

the representatives of splendid are chosen These men rules. of those breaking follow that the results the

vast army of intelligent, devoted, and trustworthy And so we say to any man who would do honor to bearers of the priesthood. They are capable, yet humble; the uniform of his country, that it is incumbent upon

successful in worldly affairs, yet not of the world; full him to keep himself clean and physically fit, free from

of love for all men, yet true to the doctrine and practice contamination and social evil, and to respect in his of the church. They are men of faith through whom personal life the sanctity of those things which he is

the Lord may make his will manifest. All that they committed to defend in his official life. R. L. E.

have and are will be placed upon the altar of the Lord, in pursuit of their duties as special ambassadors of the will Christ. Jesus Lord They honor the high office to School for fy/otkerd called them. has which the Lord

The calling of these men is evidence again that the TT7ith a laugh and a shout, the children are rushing church may draw to its full needs upon the great * back to school—even John, the active one who has

reservoir of faithful men bearing the holy priesthood always been loudest in protesting that he hated school of God. There is power in the church. It will go on because it cramped his style. And mother is left to a

successfully to its destined end. quiet home, with an achy feeling, for she is out of the

things. of run Brothers Kimball church Benson welcomes and The

in the job months important equally she an has Yet its official, into of the Saints, body. prayers ascendThe of if her opportunity. will seize she only One ahead, in their to the will Lord, these brethren mighty make

is that assignments have important the most women A. W. ingministry.—/. laying sure in their households and keel even keeping an

foundations that will carry their families through the

Sornetklna Mhovit a Solaier difficultyears of warthe peacesituationthatandshallweatherfollow. the more difficult

CvERY war of history has given rise to aggravated Mothers need to look at the world critically and at -L'social problems, and this one is no exception. But the same time in an unbiased manner. They will need

the first step toward curing an evil is to recognize it to recall often what Paul said many centuries ago:

and then prescribe the remedy. Admittedly, therefore, "God... hath made of one blood all nations of men

one of our most pressing problems is the condition of for to dwell on all the face of the earth...."Mothers

the statement analyzing to dwell on that thought, soldier his atneed morals, the morale and his himself—his

for themselves and for it both emphasizing carefully, fitness titudes his protection habits, his physical and and against disease. their families, and indicating practical ways of applicaAnd the problem isn't confined only to the soldier. tion of the principle involved.

Anything that affects the men of society affects equally Probably this year, more than ever before, mothers the women, because the normal pattern of life is for can emphasize the irreplaceable contributions from each men and women to pursue their ways together in the country to the development educationally, culturally, tasks of homebuilding and communitybuilding, and spiritually of all other countries. Think what the world

war changes this pattern in large part. And so we come would miss without the heritage of the Greek, the

to the question: What does a uniform do to a man? Roman, the Saxon in the realm of government. Dwell

We know pretty much what it does to his exterior. for a moment on the great cultural loss to the world

But what special privileges does it give him, and what without the music of Wagner, Chopin, Tschaikowsky, special obligations? Having taken the oath of allegiance Puccini. What would the world be like in which the

and having donned the uniform of his country, what, poetry of Goethe, Shakespeare, Edwin Arlington Robin short, is a soldier? inson, Dante, Aeschylus, Homer, could not be read

Well, first of all, he ceases in some respect to be an freely in every country? How great an educational loss

individual so far as his official life is concerned. He would the world sustain without the work of Froebel,

becomes a part of a wellcoordinated machine and must Erasmus, Montessori, Horace Mann!

scrupulously observe the army regulations, the order As mothers this year, then, when our children open of the day, the rules of discipline, give strict obedience their schoolbooks again, can we not learn for ourselves to his superiors, and fight for whatever cause his counthe true meaning of brotherhood and teach our children try has officially committed itself. It is his privilege that the essence of Christianity is indeed love and

and his duty to honor the uniform he wears, the flag he understanding, and that Paul was right when he tried serves, to defend the principles for which it stands and to make us realize that God has made of one blood the people who live under it; he is the protector of all nations?

home and country; of virtue and honor. To him the If we do not accept this point of view and make our

community and the nation have peculiar obligations, children accept it, even when we win the war, We shall and he to them. And as a soldier it is his right to receive lose because hatred will dictate the peace. Mothers in

honor and gratitude from those whom he serves and the home and in the neighborhood can do much to protects. This, officially, is a soldier. eliminate the narrowminded idea that all good comes

nations. Mothers can indicate that But, a soldier is still a man also—even as other men. from only a few

What special privilege does a uniform give him in his good has come and {Concluded on page 556)

544 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a nearness between God and man. Every payment of

tithing builds a living faith. It becomes a testimony of

the reality of the living God, and his relationship to Evidences and the children of men. To so witness of the Lord and his

goodness gives increased spiritual power. Every tithe

payer increases in faith and receives the attendant reconciliations peace and joy. Prayer becomes easier. Doubt retreats;

faith advances. Certainty and courage buoy up the

soul. spiritual the sharpened; eternal sense is The ixx. l/Uhu and Mow Jkould

like voice is heard becomes more clearly. more Man

his Father in heaven.

Jithina vSe j-aiai Fourth, the faithful tithe payer has a claim upon the needed blessings of life. Rewards, spiritual and temporHPithing means the voluntary giving of onetenth of al, flow abundantly from obedience to the law. The

* one's income, increase, or interest, for the furtherblessings may not always come as he may wish, but ance of the Lord's work on earth. It is an ancient, they come and are for man's good. They may be of

divine law, which has been practiced in every dispensa- a material or spiritual nature, as the Lord may design;

tion of the gospel. In nearly every land, Christian or but they will carry with them always the higher joys

pagan, it has been recognized and practiced in some of life. Yet it may be safely said that whoever can

form. lay aside the love of earthly things has the gifts of earth

The law of tithing has been reaffirmed by the Lord at his feet.

in our day. (D. & C, section 119.) It is a binding The blessings of the church are necessarily withheld

commandment upon the church. from nontithe payers. The Lord has so stated. They

Like all divine commandments, the law of tithing is "shall not be found, neither the names of the fathers, for the benefit of those who practice it. Great rewards nor the names of the children written in the book of the

follow the honest observance of this requirement. law of God."(D. &C. 85:5.)

First, the tithe payer builds up loyalty to the church. In the last days there are also great upheavals. DeHe becomes closely identified with the Latterday movestruction and death stalk the highways of earth. There

ment. He is henceforth a party to the many activities is danger all about. But, the tithe payer has claim upon

of the church. Temples, schools, missionary work, protection. "Verily it is a day of sacrifice, and a day

and all church programs, the care of the poor, the for the tithing of my people; for he that is tithed shall

widow, and the fatherless, are built and fostered by not be burned.... For after today cometh the burning."

him in association with other tithe payers. He co- (D. & C. 64:23, 24.) The Lord in his mercy opens

operates with the Lord in achieving his mighty purthe windows of heaven upon his faithful children and poses. He stands definitely for a great cause. He dares repays a thousandfold according to their needs.

to sacrifice for beliefs that have for their objective the The blessings promised the tithe payer are great.

welfare of all men. Courage and power come to every Fifth, the tithe payer senses the gladness of heart

man who sacrifices for a noble cause. He becomes a that comes from obeying the Lord's commandments.

bigger man. The world is in sad need of men who beBy obedience to the laws of heaven he secures harmony

lieve, and have the courage to give of their substance with the unseen world. He moves through the tasks

and of themselves for their founded convictions. of the day, looking the world in the face. He knows

Second, it trains the human will for more than mahis path and destiny. He has the full assurance that all

terial gains. The love of money and the material goods is well. This, the greatest effect of tithe paying, glorifies

it can buy is one of the most powerful motives within life in the midst of the world's tribulations. Only when

man. When this love overpowers other normal de- a person's whole being is turned to the Lord, by free

sires, money indeed becomes "the root of all evil."Men and full acceptance of divine law, does he hold full

must learn the relative values of things of earth and of communion with heavenly things.

spirit. To part with our earthly belongings seems to Such are some of the benefits the tithe payer receives

tithing. sacrifice from the payment of blessbegets a us to be always sacrifice—but * * * *

first is ings. art of lesson in the happiness to do The

without. Whoever lifts his affections above earthly "pVERY member of the church who has an income, or

things expands in spirit and begins to grow. Latterearns money or its equivalent, should observe the

day Saints are a happy people because they grow and law of tithing. The president of the church is under the

progress. They must be able to control and subordinate same obligation as the humblest member. Every boy

the love of earthly things if they are to rise to greatness. and girl should be taught to give onetenth of their inOtherwise they become dangerous to society and decome to the Lord. It should be as a joyous privilege, an

structive of their better selves. The regular payment expression of grateful confidence in the Lord, to conof tithing creates unselfishness and lifts a man above tribute for the maintenance of the church, the promulthe dross of earth. His capacity to do well is enlarged. gation of the gospel, and the welfare of the needy.

His vision is freed from the blur of material things. He Tithing means onetenth. Those who give less do

gains a truer perspective of life. Others recognize in not really pay tithing; they are lesser contributors to

him the subtle quality of greatness; the product of selfthe Latterday cause of the Lord. Tithing means oneforgetfulness. He gains a new and larger freedom. tenth of a person's income, interest, or increase. The

Peace waits upon him. His will is disciplined for rightmerchant should pay tithing upon the net income of his

eousness. business, the farmer upon the net income of his farmThird, the tithe payer is brought into closer coming operations; the wage earner or salaried man upon

munion with the Lord. The offering is an acknowledgthe wage or salary earned by him. Out of the remainment that the earth is the Lord's, and men are but ing ninetenths he pays his current expenses, taxes,

stewards of that which they possess. The Lord is the savings, etc. To deduct living costs, taxes, and similar

giver of all good things—seed time and harvest. Payexpenses from the income and pay tithing upon the

ment of tithing is an admission by the tithe payer that remainder does not conform to the Lord's commandhis income came from the Lord. The return of the tithe ment. Under such a system most people would show

is to say, "As evidence that this gift is from Thee, I nothing on which to pay tithing. There is really no

return herewith onetenth."place for quibbling on this point. Tithing should be

This faith of every true Latterday Saint establishes given upon the basis of {Concluded on page 575)

SEPTEMBER, 1943 545 a

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Where V \eiqhbor6 thissmilingwar seasontime, toagainsttake advantagewinter andof aa future day of need.

By ALBERT L ZOBELL, JR. HOME CANNING AT preparedAlthoughformanyhome morecanningfamiliesthan werethey

there gardening, for were many were of "The Improvement Era"Staff WELFARE SQUARE the winof preservation the to whom ter's food supply would be a new venture, an adventure that seemed

Givenand anweather,even chanceeven againstthe amateurwind 'T'heluckydilemmagardenerthisandyear,for thebothenterprisfor the doomedwas littlebeforehomeit begancanningbecauseequipmentthere

Welfare gardener finds himself ing city folk who didn't have land and available.

rewarded with prodigal yields from the water but who watched the fresh propaltry seeds so fondly sown in early duce market, has been how to "Parly this year the general commitspring and ardently cared for before prevent these nonrationed foods from '-'tee of the church Welfare probreakfast and in twilight hours throughgoing to waste at their peak; how, in gram came forward with the solution

out the summer. There turn out to be when they provided supplementary canmore spinach and turnips and lettuce ning facilities in the various regions

and beets than the family can use all at It's costing George C. Sutherland, for use by the priesthood quorums, the

once. It's a proud moment when, city editor of the Deseret News, Relief Societies, and groups of families,

despite every effort to be casual about $1.50 for each of his seventytwo for processing their own food supplies

at recently of processed cans peas supervision. expert under home it, The the presents glowingly the amateur

story: Square. Welfare The unit for Salt canning the Region Lake the biggest visitor head withSunday left his after desk a busy George to just in in time preserve opened of sweetest or the bunch Mayof cabbage to his to the center with day go

carrots or the longest, tenderest stringpriesthood quorum to can peas. the asparagus crop. Since then the unit

beans. "Not much, my dear—but from Every member of the group had put has been operating about sixteen hours

our garden!"in a regular shift on his job before a day, Monday through Saturday.

starting result peas, the the on and find there Daily one can women is climactic harvestnot one There that rolled midnight was around when fruits their and have canned some who the at the last of the summer,time of end peas brought can "when and was for lifetime, vegetables others near a the from cooker is dead everyone frost was as the thethe song pumpkin,"on first will this as their remember tired. into the climbed car who George believe. led to always him Therehad

experience, in groups, together working of of the one quorum and members time, time, beetare pea bean and and started for they their a putting winter's home. supply. "Wait up food time, corn tomato andand time—minute,""I said forgot George, my find Nightly can priesthood one quoat thingsgreat or maturing once many... I'll hat. it."get run and full members, rum spent have men whoin the such rapid succession he and good ran, acwasn't but he George shifts that in in plants defense day and

it are quite towife of take put to care terrain the the of with parkquainted vital positions front, the on meethome full lot. all.it ran ing speed he ahead At

into a chain fence and went sprawling amid a feeling of true brotherhood

And on the market, or on the lands ing... breaking his nosefor-news as they, too, take a hand in insuring theirof growers desperate for help—are in two places and cutting it severely. families'food supply. Groups are asthings he hasn't been able to grow, but The doctor raised the ceiling price signed work periods of two, three, four

at small cost and effort he, along with on George's peas, and George is hours, and longer as much as a month in enterprising friends and neighbors and threatening anyone who mentions advance.

trip to with a George Tokyo. groups,ward to the small door canning Next home it, too. a of He's can do memberof things unit Salt Region's on Lake Welfare in season—cherries,can secure an abundanceapricots, peasSelective Service Local Board No.

berries, and Square is -the large plums, 10. Welfare cannery later—peaches,

...pears. previously where assigned of quotas

546 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA fruits and vegetables raised on ward, projects, arestake, and quorum daily LIFE WlTH'SUMORXS&Ceshe Borden Cow for the General Welfarebeing canned program, not to be confused with the activities of the private "home canning"groups. When an extra large group YOU WON'T GET ANY OF THIS FOR

thedesires to do memhome canning, YOUR MASHED POTATOES/ DOCTOR canto the big assigned bebers may nery. Both the large cannery and the SAID BORDEN'S EVAPORATED MILK

canninghome I detail except unitone—wheneverare modern in everymany WAS FOR ME

hands can do the job of perhaps one machine, they supplant the machine.

Welfare work is the labor and love of many hands.

String beans were being canned by a group of twentyfive women one morning recently. In successive steps, the

beans were stemmed and broken into the right size, then washed through two waters, blanched for ten minutes by live steam. Some of the women placed the

beans into the cans which had been previously steamsterilized. Brine was

then run into the cans, and they passed on a belt in another steaming process.

Lids were then placed on the cans which were sealed by machinery and lowered into one of two pressure cookers where they were processed for twentyfive minutes.

The women chatted together as they worked, much as they would have done in their own homes. The conversation,

could one overhear it, punctuated now and then by the shrill whistle of steam, would reveal that the woman on the left had a son in the armed forces over- (el Borden Co seas, and the woman on the right had a grandson who was showing off his first tooth; over in the far corner a

woman was telling about a newly disrecipe, requiringcovered no ration

Itpoints. projPlease Make a community was truly

ect. No job grew monotonous because

the women changed around often, and Reservations no one could say, "This can of beans is mine"; they all had a hand in the prepIn Advance

aration of every can.

Said one woman as she came from

Welfare Square with several cases of WE DON'T LIKE to disapSee Your Agent newly packed string beans: point you when you visit

Salt Lake. Tremendous warfor TIPS that

"Our East Ensign Ward has had time traffic in this area four canning dates for beans alone. means that we are operating IMPROVE TRIPS

This morning we started at six o'clock, to capacity. So next time

and at noon when we finished we had you wish accommodations ir Travel conditions diiier everywhere and hotel nine hundred cans. One group put up at Salt Lake's newest hotel, reservations are sometimes hard to get. But

please write you cans. eightyfour thousandone and agent conditions us your bus everywhere knows We 'wellwon't in of advance yourfurnished the beans, Stake and Ensign help and can plan comfortable you a more trip will trip? Your be more

had previously purchased all the cans enjoyable when you know trip if you see him well in advance. Remember

stake,to be used which by the we got have you definite reserva-—buy tickets early... and travel light!

tions at the for four Beginning centstoday a can.

at eight o'clock this morning, we paid the Region three dollars an hour for the use of the cannery and a trained superHotel visor. The spirit of friendliness and

getting acquainted exhibited on theseexcursions is sure to bring the ward Temple Square closer together. Missionary work has

done, too, asbeen several nonMor- Salt Lake City i-hMld'Ml union phcific participated have in ourmon women group. It has been real fun meeting in

nousedresses and lowheeled shoes to CLARENCE LWEJ STHGES neighborliness."revive backfence #1\\\ Manager

That's the feeling these days down at BUY U.S. WAR BONDS iWelfare Square. \

SEPTEMBER, 1943 547.

TVOU wf/J never know H/t B. Nichols By Josephine

) YOU have Medif 9 RECIPES FOR AND SUGGESTIONS

THE SCHOOL LUNCH BOX A Pattern for the School Lunch

A lunchwiches; shoulda crispincludesalad, substantialraw carrots,sandcelery, a whole tomato, or fresh fruit; some-

,< itv.* puddings;thing sweeta likehot cookies,or cold beverage;cakes, fruittartsand nowor

ii and then a surprise tucked in the corners i like raisins, dates, nuts, or candy.

Sandwich Suggestions

// Meat: '/) 1. Fish mixed with salad dressing.

//'///A t//t. 2. Tunaing. fish, olives, nuts, and salad dresssweet pickles, and salad dress- 3. Ham, f

ing. USE; 4. Chicken with lettuce or parsley and

5. Dried and beef mayonnaise. ACTIVATED 6. salad dressing. with meat Chopped

green peppers, or parsley and salad CARBON BISULPHIDE dressing. hardcooked eggs,

WITH THE 7. Anywith leftoversalad dressing.meat chopped and mixed

Hardcooked: Eggs, ANTIWEED GUN MACK

seasoned. and minced 1. Eggs Glory, for infested Morning with treating land

2. sliced thin on Eggs for it etc. White Take our word Top, Knapweed,

results. the over 3. are happy olives, pickles, and with chopped Eggs—thousands lettuce.

Soil. to Injury the to He haveLivestock—No cress. parsley, or water Q uick—Efficient—EconomicalInjury 4. together. chopped Eggs and ham 212P. free illustrated Circular Send for

5. butter. in scrambled a little Eggs

WHEELER, REYNOLDS & STAUFFER>636 California St., San Francisco Cheese:1. Grated cheese, moistened with cream,

ketchup, chopped pickles, tomato juice,

Distributors—Wasatch Chemical Co., Salt Lake City and Branches 2. orGratedsaladcheesedressing.and India relish.

3. Grated cheese with nuts and salad

dressing.

Vegetables:

1. Sliced tomatoes, salad dressing.

2. Minced cucumbers, salad dressing.

3. Shredded lettuce, salad dressing.

4. Shredded cabbage and carrots with

salad dressing.

Fruit and Nuts: Ask Your 1. Jam and jelly.

2. Marmalade and grated cheese.

3. Raisins and peanut butter, mixed.

4. Chopped apples, celery and nuts,

mixed with salad dressing. Grocer 5. Dried fruits (any kind) one cup, one

half cup nuts. Put these all through

food chopper and mix with juice from onehalf lemon.

Homemade Bread for the Lunch Box im "90 Minutes"Yeast Bread Quick

dissolved Best you can buy 3 cakes yeast in x/l CUP lukewater warm its natural, truewheat substantial You'll like cup evaporated milk and cup warm it's flavor. enriched with remember, And water added JPflf J/3

vitamins and iron to help keep you strong and ty % $j>. 2 tablespoons shortening

vigorous. 2 teaspoons salt

k"5324 teaspoonscups (about)sugarenriched allpurpose flour

Salt Lake Boyal and Ogden Fresh Company, Baking every day salt, shortening sugar, and to warm Add Progress of Service grocer's at your and 50 Years Over liquid; in whip of flour and cups mix two

until smooth; add more flour, continue to

beat, adding small amounts of flour until no more flour can be stirred in, then knead "When we receive the Era it causes as much thoroughly, adding small amount of flour fingers. stick to Let not does dough THE "ERA"commotion in the squad rooms as one of Mom's untilrest are rubbed while hands minute one cakes>"this all particles with (do free of of dough IN CAMP

to board; dough dry towel). Remove For spiritual nourishment—send the ERA a

satiny. gently until and smooth knead

548 THE IMPROVEMENT ER'A Divide dough in half; turn cut side in and

continue to knead and round up into a firm ball; cover with a cloth. Let rest on the

board for fifteen minutes. Shape into loaves,

place in single loaf pans. Let rise until almost double in bulk, about thirty minutes.

Bake in oven 400 F. about thirty minutes. If pyrex is used the baking time is

shortened about five or six minutes. Serve the young soldiers

with Front of the School Soft Ginger Cookies aggzmr nutritious - building body }4 cup sugar food.

Yl cup shortening 1 cup molasses \A cup sour milkV/2 cups sifted, enriched allpurpose flour MAID-D-BARLEY 1 soda teaspoon fill to required the in helps ways so many 1 salt teaspoon -with is quota. vitamin brimming Every cup 1 ginger teaspoon

... delicious flavor lasting and energy and

1 cinnamon teaspoon of those precious takes none MAID-O'-BARLEY shortening, add molassugar and Cream ration stamps. toSift well. dry ingredients beatses and

gether and add alternately with the milk the in stand Let mixture. creamedto the caffeine, chicory'Contains no

Roll overnight. or hours severalrefrigerator

preservatives coloring or thickness and 14,-mch to floured boardon to prepare Easy cutter. Place on HEALTHFUL cookie 2Jinchcut with

greased baking sheet and bake for fifteen P.ND ECO At All Good Grocers

minutes in preheated 375 oven. Makes Roasted and Packed by

three dozen.

Fruit Tarts WISDDM FDDDS I quart bottled fruit (apricots, berries, or 150 Pacific Ave. Salt Lake City, Utah

stoned cherries) V/2 tablespoons cornstarch XA CUP sugar j| teaspoon salt Drain liquid from fruit; combine cornstarch, sugar, and salt in saucepan; gradually add fruit liquid. Cook slowly until

thickened, stirring constantly. Add fruit;

cool. Pour into baked threeinch tart shells.

Chill until filling is firm. Switching to M.C. P. Powdered PECTIN

Payment for Handy Hints used will be one dollar upon publication. In the event

submitted, are idea the same withthat two to of sends large pectin Government amounts Our powdered the will receive earlier postmarkedthe one

Allies jellies -rich our foodto make energy in those jams and returned, be ideas can the ofdollar. None

but each will receive careful consideration. short nations. Help relieve your own food shortages by making

* * # all the jams and jellies you can... For economy and perfect

Stale bread crusts erase pencil marks results, use M. C. P.—the pectin that jells more sugar and fruit

from wallpaper. V. H., St. Anthony, Idaho. than any other... saves both sugar and fruit.

lightly before cup measuring Grease the flour, MAKE THESE 3 TESTS* *. and You'll it full of or dip molasses,measuring

it; every drop this enablesthen empty of Always Use M.CP.Tovcfoted PECTIN

cup. B. A., from the pouredmolasses to be

Carey, Idaho.

When the food in a metal saucepan or kettle is accidentally allowed to burn and adheres to the utensil, don't waste energy trying to scour it out. After removing

whatever burnt food comes off readily, put the heat over the stove utensilthe on and ODOR COLOR TASTE will carfood scorched let it burn. The

bonize and flake off, leaving the surface Let your nose be your The pronounced Compare the strong, inside the utensil cleaner than before the guide as to whether your brownish color of "olddisagreeable flavor of accident. Of course, it will smoke a bit jams and jellies will be fashioned"liquid pecliquid pectins with the

during the burning process, depending on better when made with tins will startle you pleasing, faint lemon how thick the coating of burned food is in M.C.PPECTINor strongwhen you compare them taste of M. C. P. Think

the utensil. A little care should be taken smelling "oldfash'with the pure whiteness what this means in prewith aluminum so as not to heat it red hot. ioned"liquid pectins. of M. C. P. PECTIN. serving true fruit flavor

If it starts to get pink, remove it from the heat for a moment. By this method, I have

even cleaned the griddles of our waffle iron which had been borrowed and returned in a badly blackened condition.—/. H. B.,

Arlington, Va.

rich,.. jellies are and try FOOD linoleum, worn some have If you energy-* i - i..''-.jamsi i '*

! i. in. * it. 1 i.*!.? >: ii r* dry, AUTHORITIESi i '.. * AGREE dip whisk broom? I "i. A'rpainting t r. When

different colored paint and spatter lightly an excellent spread, and are far more economical than butter or marover the surface, dry and shellac. When garine. For wartime economy and health make all you can...NOW! A

this is dry, wax your floor and it will look like new.—Mrs. /. C. B., Fairview, Utah.

SEPTEMBER, 1943 549 On the Book Rack A-l For Using Low Point Meats (Concluded from page 540) the meat. Egg "Al"Globe Whatever astonishsecrets, light to ture's brought and

-will dress add the dish Noodles and up results. engineer, ing has he an Though

flavor. of selected plenty Especially Durum the of the importance primary recognized

for is and Noodles used Globe Wheat "Al"soil, agriculture. helped has promote and

right! firm, just they tender, are always setter in business pace has and a been He

ration points high the No same tried needed—yet farming. to has even keep an He

all quality tof the Globe famous quamy "AT in joy. that yield forces the balance human

Products. His plan of decentralizing industry and

of village combination of industry and agriculture, may yet save the day for American peace at home. He has touched, beneficial-

i ly, the methods of education and recreation.

the village objectively Greenfield showing 1 is story growth, an unexcelled of American textbook of American history. A lover of

i peace, he has sought to prevent and end t warfare among people. He has done so

many things with a noble purpose, and done them so well, that they cannot be enumerated in a brief book review.

* Wealth has come to him. To begin in

8! the thirties with a modest wage, and to rise

in a few years to be among the world's richest men, is an accomplishment of heroic proportions. But, he has not labored for

money. He has had a higher objective. His

practical in making have come unti on no his ideals. ideas and watet

life hapof Ford shows how Henry The * P oveC aUsatisfactions Ariafl8C mainng platepiness may be found along very ordinary

QQ roads, such as lie before every man. It is 99 welling. worthMr. Adamsreading,hasstudying,producedandanfollowinter-

esting, informative biography, which can be highly recommended.—/. A. W.

MIND, MEDICINE AND MAN (Gregory Zilboorg, M.D. Harcourt.

Brace and Company, New York.

:tm 344 pages. $3.50.)

SpaghettiMacaroni"Naodi Mentalwrittendiseaseand interestingis the themebook.of Athispsychiwell-

atrist is denned as "a physician who specializes in the study and treatement of mental disease proper."And "proper"mental ill-

*e!>M 5*1!*! nessesthe diseaseare definedof anyasspecificthose "notbodilycausedorgan."by

From this point of view the author discusses

religion, other related suband numerous Qsihicdnh -- jects.instinct, personality, crime, judgment, soul, of supporter Zilboorg Dr. is a fervent

Freudian views. The book is an excellent

"MILK WHITE"EGGS are in the service of surveymen as ofwelltheaswholefor thefield,profession.written forIn laythis

day when the importance of a rational untheir country!... Our fighting men are entitled derstanding of mental disturbances is coming to the front, the authoritative, underto the best... and standable discussion of this volume should

be welcomed.—/. A. W.

iiMILK WHITE "EGGS WHAT(Stories fromIT TAKESthe Lives of Soldiers, Sailors, are always top quality. andYorkAirmen.City. 7961pages.Gramercy25 cents.)Park, New

All of our products in excess of Government requireThis faithpromoting book of excerpts

tragic necessity deserves of going to war ments—to the limit of our capacity—are available to you, from young men who are faced with the

it is reading. Fortunately, inexpensive wide

at your grocer's. enough that each boy in the service can be

given one for his own encouragement and

UTAH PDULTRY PRODUCERS'offor menthe increasein the serviceof his infaith.all kindsFrom ofall condikinds

tions in countries, of the burden and many COOPERATIVE ASSOCIATION is that their cry there and that is a God, he hears and answers prayers, and that even though safety and life may be denied, God gives these people the courage that they need in the face of the greatest trials.

A recognized scientist tells of his mother's faith and works ChiangSuch Kaishek,wellknownLt. Gen.namesW.asG. MadameS. Dobby Dr. John A. Widtsoe by side with anonymous and littleknown IN THE GDSPEL NET bie, Capt Eddie Rickenbacker appear side An 'Improvement Era"Publication writers. But all have the same cry—faith

$1.25 On Sale at Bookdealers Everywhere in a Supreme Being. This book is a welcome addition to the book shelf. M. C. J.

550 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA wBm*amFort Lewis, Wash. the church publications. We attend meethope that in the future I will always have ings as often as conditions will permit. It

of lot to hold our has a been number is side. great such I the a Era by my

in towns. neighboring meetings cottage fellows to help guide and the manyIt away fine CHOCOLATE

is little tithing ours send to pay, we What It brings us from home. much somehow

nearer to the place and people who are to the wards back home. We endeavor to

the prayers of Wisdom. Our Word GO FARTHER hearts. of obey fellows close of the to our Many uM silently, offered are often but nevertheless, it. in faiths different everything read

... spirit in the of appreciation. humble

Johnson, U. O. N. S. Army the our of heritage love and through With * * *

our adherence to the admonitions given us,

Dallas, Texas conjoined with the faith of our parents at were returning from a night navigahome, there can be no other alternative.

'S a trick HERE chefs and bakers—to useWE flight tion navithe from coast. The Kenneth B. Morrison, U.S. Air Corps help your wartime cooking! won't You little gator experience put very and I had

a little too much trust in him. Before it could need so much chocolate if you add a few

be avoided, we had flown into a mess of On a convoy out of New York drops of Mapleine to your chocolate goodies. out. radio weather. Mapleine has The was compass Our the peculiar I night to praying every God am Mother, it ability full static radio that of to storm so was boost was chocolate flavor. the things help to remember you me

useless. flew into at overcast 9:30 an We trying me, taught I'm and have dad and my HOT CHOCOLATE! Skimp the on chocolate p.m. so see couldn't which dense was we I I live best will so should to that as come but not the on luscious rich I still tips. chocolate flavor. trying wing 11:30 our was At

.. I letter to last will the you. be This back Adda fewdrops to get the of just Mapleine out "soup."been had before serving. We to just will can write you,. so you remember

the feet to getting without 600 below down I! in be matter heart FROSTING always no Here, too, where my Mapleine coaxes out

I it ceiling. fairly that certain went was

... go. might every bit tempting ofchocolate flavor. So you I clear to the ground. clue only had The

less need chocolate in Reynolds, Gale U.S. icing—Corps Marine not. or cooked to the glare as location of our gas was

escape fires from the oil fields that border * * * CAKE! Yes! Mapleine gives a lift to every bit

miles. for gas Shreveport about 60 Our of chocolate flavor. for Grand too, cookies, to the armorplate job army's with

getting low, the tension mighty was and I IT steel.is the of kind found have armorDon't FUDGE! sigh for fudge. Splurge, make to the beginning crew. on was show They

.. is that plating stronger metal. than any it some! rich Make with chocolate flavor, yet all their adjusting were harparachute gift finer receive could a and. man What be thriftywith chocolate. help. Mapleine will I stolid. nesses, pretty couldn't looking and his in task his take defending with of him

five killing see for myself responsible being MILK DRINKS! Chocolate milk tastes than the of country the of armor more gospel

I felt buddies. that in of a prayer was my chocolaty is Christ? to when Jesus with prepared you Such a Mapleine. man

I order. heart. the out gave from So Pray-

... is die. skip to he the prepared and flavor chocolate Or flavor—the with milk

I ing felt to relax nerves seemed a live and my Mapleine sugar. and Lt. a Good! bottle F. of Taylor, Get Richard U.S. Army lot better. In hideously short impossible a

time we broke out of the fog practically di- * * * magicworking Mapleine from your grocer today. Only 3 5 i a bottle. A little flavors a lot! field. rectly the over at landed 12:05, We Hospital, Base York New

field in the closed, and a half hour was

I I hospital lie here have on bed my ceiling zero. captain waiting was The in As I quite time of to study. a bit... the dragging squadron came room when we

the of nature mankind watched in my in. didn't say smiled and have He

travels the earth. thus far see IMAPLEINEM MT ATI O N MAPLE Fl A V O R I can over. much—just.. left the room.

his out has poured wrath upon God L. G. Thompson, U.S. Air Corps why

. has the earth. accomplished a man * * #.. What

in the sight of our Heavenly Father when

Paine Field, Wash. he stands before the judgment bar of God

Located on Paine Field is a small group with nothing to show for his works?

of Mormon boys. We have access to Raphael Campbell, of the British Isles

... like many other manRIDING FOR A STAR

ufacturers, have short- /rom page 537 ( Concluded Dot slide saw When I off-—rather

safely the pickages and rationing. We onto butstayed gave Dilawkardly, and on too long

linger a chance to use his old trick up my heart seemed to slip back into also face the problem of of rubbing off his rider? Didn't she its normal position again.... supplying not only our

know she was handling dynamite? I "Great ride, kid!"I hailed Dot armed forces, but the inwatched, helpless to do anything. after the show. creased population as

Something was wrong! Terribly She smiled. well.

wrong! "I wish Betty Lou could have

The crowd was hysterical. seen you win that prize money,"I We are doing our best to

"Dot must be crazy!"said. apportion our products fairly, Her eyes got watery again. "I did so that everyone will receive

I didn't answer; I was too worried. it for Betty Lou. She rode Dillinger some. We greatly appreciate

The same routine: the pickup last night, was thrown and injured your fine cooperation.

swung in close, edged up to the her spine. She can't move any

for a chance. watchedbronco and waist her from muscles down. TjkudsL ft The jl. said Slim somemust haveThen it said cost doctors would a thousand CO. GLADE CANDY at tothing she Dot, looked because fix dollars to Betty up."Lou

him, seeming to realize the predicaThere was a catch in Dot's voice, ment she was in. as she added: "You see, I just had BUY U.S. WAR "For Pete's sake, Dot, take your to have the money—and riding Dilchance this time—it's your last!"I linger was the only way I could get BONDS aJ STAMPS

muttered under my breath. it!"

SEPTEMBER, 1943 551

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH,

CHAIRMAN; JOHN A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH F. MERRILL, CHARLES A. CALLIS, AND HAROLD B. LEE

result of all quorums that participate. ordinarily used in the church. While

fisA&mwdL UhrftfaAJL The waiting dead are grateful. there are but few set forms, the formal

officiating Let this matter every be taken in the required prayers up by when in priesthood theKeeping the Spirit of the Lord Melchizedek the ordinances should quorum be learned and

HPhe chief concern of the Personal church. The Church Service commitmanner of administering them thor-

* Welfare committees of Melchizetee could well take the lead in keeping oughly understood.

dek priesthood quorums is the personal this matter alive before the quorum and A quorum project to bring about a welfare of the quorum members. In in organizing temple excursions. better understanding of the authorized

this column, during the last ten months, methods of performing these ordinances a number of suggestions have been Ordinances is worthy of consideration by those made for specific activities through Tt would be well for the Church Servwho are charged with the responsibilwhich the personal welfare of quorum ice committee to educate quorum ity of promoting church service in the members might be improved. members to perform the ordinances quorums.

In carrying out the suggested activities, we should constantly keep in mind that the greatest safeguard which can member to quorum the individualcome L. D. S. STAKE MISSIONS of ANNUAL REPORT OF THE is the spiritfor his personal welfare

the Lord. Made by the First Council of the Seventy to the Council of the Twelve Apostles

The evil one is today exercising all for the year 1942 his powers to defeat the cause of Missionary Activities righteousness. The revealed truths of 1942 1941

the gospel are being fought with satanic 1. Number of times out doing missionary work. 125,545 145,64)

counterfeits in all places, high and low, 2. Hours spent in missionary work 272,038 335,339

and in innumerable and devious ways. 3.4. NumberNumber ofof homesrevisitsentered for the first time 73,72080,151 92,50590,685

Without the spirit of the Lord we 5. Number of invitations to return 119,678 138,527

will be deceived by these counterfeits. 6. Number of gospel conversations - 199.754 233,293

The Personal Welfare committees 7. Number of standard church works distributed:

should impress this truth upon every Loaned Sold quorum member and endeavor to awakCopies of the Bible 253 529 of the of 1,779 3,005 Book Mormon to Copies desire of heart each a in theen one the 211 Doctrine of and Covenants 923 Copies spirit his the guidance forobtain own 162 the Pearl Price 783 of Copies Great of all, for It had beof the Lord. can by

the Lord himself has said (No designation....416) TOTAL 2,425 5,240. 8,081 8,211

And the Spirit giveth light to every man that cometh into the world; and the Spirit 8. Number of other books distributed 8,594 9,210

enlighteneth every man through the world, 9. Number of tracts and pamphlets distributed 143,268 201,447

that hearkeneth to the voice of the Spirit. 10. Number of hall meetings held by missionaries 4,001 4,333

And every one that hearkeneth to the 11. Number of cottage meetings held by missionaries 8,051 9,996

voice of the Spirit cometh unto God, even 12. Number of missionaries who attended cottage or hall meetings 27,657 32,112

the Father. (D. & C. 84:46, 47.) 13. Number of investigators present at cottage and hall meetings 21,922 34.593

14. Number of baptisms as a result of missionary work:

QhwtxJfL SsuwioL (1)(2) OfOf peoplepeople overunder1515yearsyearsofofageage: 804

a. Both of whose parents are members 593

Temple Work b. Others under 15 years of age 484

Classification not designated 147 the of committee priesthood'"Phe 2.203 2,028 TOTAL

* that suggests of Council the Twelve of inactive into activity brought the church members of 15. Number all Melchizfor twelve months the next 4,621 during missionary service through stake the year 3,509

edek priesthood quorums in the church Number of stakes in the church 143 139 set up as one of their projects that Number of stake missions organized 141 136 every quorum member engage regularly in temple work, if living near the Missionaries 1941 1942 better at leasttemples, once a month, 101 reporting 113 stakes Number of or arrange to have a week,once districts 35& of 347 such Number temple work done regularly by others Elders 276* 275 if the member lives at a distance from Seventies 886* 1,125 the temples. High Priests 249* 287

Such work could profitably be done Women 637* 606 as quorum groups. The quorum would TOTAL 2,114| 2,399$

gain much thereby. 1942 1941

In the work attention should be given Number of missionaries making the minimum requirement 687* 734 911* less 1,247 of missionaries making than minimum requirement Numberfirst lines; but to of the our names own 468* of inactive 398 missionaries Number this,failing for should be done work 48* classified 20 not Number

lyingthe thousands of male names now 2,114* total with above) (Agrees 2399 TOTALin all If archives. the temple quorums

will take up this project, within the *Average for the year 1942.

year work will be completed for all fIncludes 66 not classified.

these names. Blessings will come as a Includes 106 not classified.

552 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

LESSON 72 NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN The Coming of the Son Near (Conducted by Dr. Joseph F. Merrill) 1. Signs of his coming already commenced (160)

2. Future signs in the heavens (D. &. C.

Are We Losing the Fight? now more intimately in contact with in45:42)

dulgers than ever before. This contact, 3. Precise time is not made known (341;

Tn this column of the September, 1942, we are sorry to admit, sometimes has a D. &C. 49:7)

Improvement Era, page 587, we bad influence. Pope wrote: 4. He will come in the clouds of heaven

in glory great and power C. (D. paid figures the & of amount thegave

is frightful of such a monster mien in Vice 45:44) the for tobacco liquor andUtah to to hated needs be but be That seen; 5. fall shall the of the Then Lord arm herefiscal 1942. 1941 and years its oft, face, duringWe familiar too But with

the nations upon (v. 47) the figures for the presentwith first two pity, then endure, embrace. then Weseen

Discuss fiscalfiscal 1943. 1942 years and The of our a survey us have But let own of signs of the second federal of the coming in that 1. Whatyear as does Utah,

if definitely are learn and members we Christ already in are evidence? 30. endsgovernment, June

objectives. progress our making toward 2. to tak. specific Cite that are events

The figures are official, obtained from Let all workers resolve that we must place before his coming in glory.

the Utah State Tax Commission for do so.

cigarets and beer, and from the Liquor LESSON 73

It?Control Commission You Believe for distilled or Can Millennial Reign The

liquor.hard the fiscal year 1943 the Utah Touring Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Read figures: Fiscal year

State 607 revoked Commission Tax 248 86, 218, 231, 232, 13, 36, Smith, pp.

"licenses. or 29:1213 586, 268269; 250252, C. 19:3; D. Of these, &Paid for: 1942 1943 "drivers'

63:2021. 56:20; 5859; 38:20; 2224; 45:55, driving."for "drunken were 96.6%, cigarets....$ 3,481,422 $ 4,993,926

103:7. 110; 101:2631; 77:12:84:100, to impressions avoid ad49-51; But wrong we 4,420,292 8,014,236 beer 7:6365; 22:24 133:1825; I Nephi Moses the vise that suspends Commission liquor 5,820,127 9,253,094 28. 26, licenses well as as revokes them. Dur-

1. Christ will reign personally upon thr the year the suspensions numberedTotal $13,721,841 $22,261,256 ing earth 526. course, are for suspensions Of

glorious coming (D. 6 C. 133 figures offenses taking a. His revocations; minor and to corresponding According

1825) fiscal is for the licenses ago, during the major or serious away a yearpublished b. cloth earth to and be renewed The in offenses. increase an there 1942, wasyear the of her with glory ed Lord (D cigarets of for But notice! Nearly all the revoca1941 over paidmoney 133:2324; C. 77:12) 6

tions liquor driving! were for drunken and hard 27%. How beer 13%,20%,

to life hazardous of 1943 over property for increases and figuresThe such c. Christwill reignandoverthe theresurrectedearth (268269.Sainte

1942 are for cigarets 14.7%, beer 81%, drivers are! Why are they permitted D. & C. 45:59)

and hard liquor 59%. at the wheel on the highway? In the 2. A thousand years of righteousness and

The above figures justify us in asking August Era, page 493, we presented the peace "Are we losing the fight?"Objectives "Surprising News,"obtained from the a. The Sabbath of creation crowned

of our churchwide campaigns are so to National Safety Council, that traffic with peace (13) since deaths Pearl Harbor numbered that our youth motivateinstruct and: Discuss

S. 40,000, exceeding dur- U. dead war will abstain and smoking fromthey

1. shall the expression not Explain "they ing period. the Further, the same numthe abstinence to todrinking win and in dust."the sleep in injured auto ber accidents was habits. these indulgeolder people who

2. exist will of kind government What while the 1,400,000 war and wounded in satisfactory progress makingAre we is the earth and Christ the ruler upon when missing 70,687. Alcohol numbered whole? as In the church a FromUtah? lawgiver? figures mix. gas not and do prove The say. cannotthe at hand data we 3. th* will Satan during be bound Why it. it state a Should not every make refer is to to best do years? thousand know The we for or crime drinking driver a drunken chairmen and stakethe our to matter 4. in will thf take place change What at to the of public be wheel car a on his in institute it itself survey is to earth a oneask each become renewed and when highways? Should something do we like in terrestrial it or a kingdom, as was in matter. the facts find the out tostake this? about the the of of days Eden? Garden carefrom a information derivedThe

ful survey would be both interesting and valuable. The survey should be LESSON 74

made. It would serve as a guide and a Melchizedek Priesthood Outline The Judgment and New Earth

help in our efforts. of Study, October, 1943 1. The last judgment

say figures the thousand face glorious we are the of the end On their Text: Teachings of the Prophet a. At

for are loosed there a lirtlr years to be Satan in But Utah. the fightlosing Joseph Smith 29:22) C. season (13; D. & conclusions and factors involvedmany

should not be hastily drawn. In the b. Final overthrow of Satan and

first place our campaign is not directed LESSON 71 wickedness (D. & C. 88:111116)

sanctified given righteous and people. to c. The ourto own the (Continued) of public—only the World End The

gloriinheritance the eternal an on it remembered be place must In the next 2. shall Saints hardly escape (D. The 6 fied earth (36, 86) last years the within two hasthat Utah C. 63:34)

receive according All to (1) men in population large ahad deliverZion, place of a a. Without

their to C. deeds (13; D. & majority great fall ance,military must and (71 we increasecivil—the 19:3) If Saints sanctified and not to church, the (1) belong notof do whom

die, to earth and heaven (2) The gathered they saved cannot be population. military theparticularly

transand and become new all Saints should prep- (2) make larger very much a undeniablyAnd 49; 63:2021, figured C. (D. & their for the arations in power this population smokes ofpercentage 29:2324) 88:26; terrible the in storms gathering

and drinks than does a population made heavens (141, 132) Discuss

It is perhaps members. of churchup b. will that idea all the Saints A false is the value of an inheritance 1. What to true that the temptationregrettably all the escape judgments (162) this earth? upon

smoke and drink is now greater for Di.iscuss 2. Name some of the outstanding teachsome of our people than ever before, 1. Why must the wicked be destroyed ings which came to the world through the

for in their daily lives many of them are from the earth? Prophet Joseph Smith.

SEPTEMBER, 1943 553

NORTH, SOUTH, EAST, WEST WITH LATTERDAY SAINT SERVICEMEN

Upper left: To an island in the north Pacific flew Chaplain Milton J. Hess recently Ward Heal, Maurice W. Russell, and Thornton Booth, Provo; Hyrum Richards, Ogden;

to organize these men for conducting regular Sunday services and M.I. A. Pictured here Edward Barton, Cedar City; Homer W. Pippin, Marysvale; Henry D. Malmgren, Centerare the men as they met Sunday, June 27: first row, left to right: Dewey Burgil, Herfield; Leo D. Saunders, Bountiful; Kenneth J. Zabriskie, Fountain Green; Norman V.

man Visser, Monroe Fairish, Robert Dodd, Chaplain Milton J. Hess, Leland Walker, Duncan, Greenriver, Utah.

Stuart Pugmire, Lt. Grant Humphreys, Fred Beech, Vaughn Crame, Thomas Misrasi; Clinton B. Jenson, Ft. Shaw; Otto Powell and Lewis L. Flamm, Billings; Clyde

second row: George Gregg, James Hansen, Ralph Denton, Bill McCullough, Donald Riushton, Glasgow; and Douglas Sheppard, Chinook, Montana. Darrell B. Cline, Keith

Smurthwaite, Darel Austin, Donald Holland; back row: Edward Fenwick, Lynn Angus, F. Kohler, and Bernard A. Shanks, Union; Edwin L. Briggs, Walter L. Buckley and

Wilford Jolley, Lenard Eliason, Ray Hooper, Harvey Iverson, Dr. George Ficklin. Lt. James G. Everson, LeGrande; Paul Helms, Eugene, Oregon.

Oliver Wayman not present. Norman Bates, Los Angeles, California; Shelby Taylor and Douglas Woodard, Illinois; Virginia; Hensler, Arizona; Roger Melvin Rex C. Black, W. Shaw. rifles lops close right: at for benches coconut and nearly kept hand, Upper With

Booth. Photograph a report U.S. Y. Signal Corps. Pfc. by Thornton (From Armysixty in Saints stationed Latterday Guinea meet G. Probst wtth Chaplain Reed in New

photographer.) Harold Newman,services April anniversary of of Sunday, the founding 4, commemorating the 113th

church. Some of the men travel many miles to meet with the group. Those too widely Lower: Service men at Camp Wallace, Texas, who, like Latterday Saint men everyscattered to convene, have been encouraged to organize into M.I. A. groups. More than where, are able to organize and conduct their own church services creditably. Seen in

one returned missionary in uniform has stated that he did not at any time on his the picture (position not identified at the source) are R. Dean Rothe, Marvin Mower,

mission have so much opportunity for gospel conversations with interested people. William Chambers, Robert Sorenson, Lloyd Page, Lean Lee, Bill Wirthlin, Keith T.

A partial list of men who have attended recent meetings includes Holley Manwaring, Richins, Kay A. Young, Joseph D. Payne, James L. Olsen, Allen H. Sorenson, Frank E.

Clifford L. Davis, Merle Sorenson, Theo E. Johnson, Robert R. Hansen, and Martell A. Troxell, Keith A. Gardner, Clayton R. McKay, Louis C. Barrett, Lester McNelley, Albert

Belnap, Blackfoot; John A. Gardner, John Dexter, Verle Jensen, Clifford Hansen, and Schumann, Thomas J. Kemp, James L. Jensen, Chester E. Bailey, Jr., Athol Graham,

Lyle Donaldsen, Sit. Anthony; Marshall Beal, Idaho Falls; Elwood C. Call and Milan LeGrande Hubbard, Russell J. Miller, Robert H. Davis, Jay D. Ridd, Marvin J. Miller,

Caspar, Rigby; Jesse D.Terry, Basalt; and Reo S. Westover, Preston, Idaho. Wayne R. Hales, Wilford J. Stokes, Keith B. White, Wallace E. Wahlen, N. B. SohmitClawson, troth, Scott R. Reymann, Clifford Bierman, William Ephraim H. H. Harold B. Taylor, M. Jones, Kenneth Worth L Russell,

Roberts, Harry G. Simpson, Andersen. and Garn, and (U.S. Salt Lake Raymond Walk, City; Frederick Lewis, Mack M. Army SignalJ. Richards,Corps Photos.)Lloyd C. Robinette, Raymond W.

THE CHURCH MOVES ON ( Continued from page 543 Camp Wallace, Hitchcock, Texas: Post Laurel Air Base, Laurel: at camp, under

missionaries. traveling p.m. Chapel, supervision the 8 of for ServiceMeetings in Texas Men

live Laurel. at 11th Ave., 1007 Re who Walters, Mineral Wells, Texas: Camp Field, Air Texas: Laredo, ArmyLaredo Missisported Elder Paul Cheesman, by Floor, Hotel, R. a.m. 10 Crazy 2nd Hall, Mission SpanishAmerican 520 District President. sippi A.A.F., San Marcos, Marcos, Texas: San St., p.m.. 7:30Washington

San Antonio Aviation Cadet Center: A.A.F.N.S. Chapel No. 2, 10:30 a.m. North African Conference

Cadet Center Chapel, 7:30 a.m. Lubbock A.A.F., Lubbock, Texas: 1908 A bout twenty Latterday Saint servSt. 13th Field, Falls, Sheppard Wichita Texas: Services, 9:30 a.m., 10:30 a.m., "the ice perhaps what was men held p.m. 6:30 and 1 1Chapel Bldg. T-344, a.m. No.

first the of history in the conference A. Station: Texas College M. College, 3,&

Y.M.C.A. Hall, College Station, 2 p.m. Mississippi Services church in North Africa late in May.

recorded the conference of Minutes Bowie, Texas: Brownwood, ChapCamp Field, Biloxi, Mississippi: "Back Keesler

el the 7:30 p.m. delivered No. 8, that Lt. Douglas Hardy Sgt. House,"Community Bay John

Barkley, Abilene, Texas: Chapel Camp singing the address and that welcoming supervisor. Hopkins,

8, 7:30Area p.m. No. with P. Condie conducted James by Centerville, suwas under Dorn, Camp Van Kileen, Hood, Texas: 639, Chapel Camp portable at of pervision Sgt. a Captain H. Whitlock Grant O. Hq. Thomas, W. St., Ave.,Corner Bn. 7:30 p.m. 162nd

Inf. Office, Div. 99th A.P.O. chaplain. No. 99. G-3 the organ from borrowed Gatesville, North Hood, Texas: Camp

Field, in Gulfport: Gulfport conjunction the invocation After Vance by Alma St.24th 7:30 Chapel, Ave., p.m. Hqs.

Longview, Texas: 2009 So. Green, 10 with Keesler Field servicemen. and scriptural reading by Noble Hardy,

a.m. and 7:30 p.m. Jackson Air Base, Jackson: Jackson the sacrament was administered by Leo

the of church, on block on the 400 Gainesville, 333rd Branch Texas: Howze, Camp Huppi. Melvin Kavachevich and

Porter, Mississippi. Jackson, WestInf. St. Chapel, Lincoln 9th & Whitlock, Captain Speakers were Hattiesburg Shelby, Hattiesburg: Paris, Camp Texas: Post Chapel Maxey, Camp Fretwell, D. John James P. Condie, at Inquire at Branch, Norton's Mrs. home. (see Chaplain). Post

Camp Polk, Leesville, Louisiana: 10th St. the Hattiesburg U.S.O. for exact directions. and Lloyd Mills, who each reported

Chapel, 10th & Mississippi Sts., 1:30 p.m. Key Field, Meridian: under supervision activities in the various units. BenedicCamp Swift, Bastrop, Texas: Chapel of the missionaries, at the regular hours, tion was by Walter B. Rugg.

554 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.mmnam—WARD BOY LEADERSHIP (tfhsjyL yjojuHv SfieaftA.COMMITTEE OUTLINE OF STUDY

OCTOBER, 1943 Text: HOW TO WIN BOYS

Chapter X: The "Forum"Method

Quotations from the Text:

1. Great teachers are great guides—not

great orators.

is to classroom for place RALPH you no A HAROLD

E. take talk! in pleasure hearing yourself L. CUTLER HEYWOOD

2. disgusting lecture the has method So

become in our higher institutions of learning that in progressive colleges many substitutes are offered. The

"seminar"is one—a study group

around a long table with the distinguished scholarprofessor merely acting as a sort of conductor on this excursion into truth.

3. "Education is the guidance of growth."

4. We are not to cause growth. I Tarold is a priest in the South Los "Dalph is a deacon in the San Fernan-

** God's A priesthood the Nature—at Stake. Before command—ordains do In Stake. stake a recent Angeles

I growth. have, as teacher, a very he conference stake session of a recent calldelivered address conference he an little to that. with do

subject, the I Can "Ten spoke on Ways parents Saint to Latterday upon all of But education cering that (and tainly means head and heart education inspire their sons to live a clean life. Become a Better Deacon."The followand spiritual guidance as well) reHis appeal was pointed and full of ing were his timely suggestions

quires that I become a guide. sincerity. His closing thought was, Have a prayerful attitude; always be

In Lincoln Park, skilled Chicago, thee behind "Before say 'Get assignme priesthood we to perform worthy gardeners have lovely Spanish made thee say, beSatan,''Get should those parents we to and ments; obedient be Italian thrill that flowerbeds and thouboost, parents, a give me, a for sacred me in authority; have reverence visitors. of sands the hind guide They

blooming flowers into fulfilling certain push, and a step"toward opportunity things: study the standard works of

dreams and ideas of beauty in design. and a testimony.'the church; cultivate a clean vocabuBut God makes the flowers grow. lary; keep the body clean; assist the

5. The "trick"of successful Bible school bishop whenever called upon; pay tithis to teaching the in make grow ing; be "about the Father's business"alis right. to wants Youth what know

is wisdom? Oh, no. The pupilsart—which to ways. Jesus says wants what Youth know better than in the teach- "trick"—lies that. this thing and of er's ability to questions uncover which

the boys and girls are eager to an- 8. Forget the eternal and mindwrack-

swer! ing quiz method. Guide growth of boy od"be employed by the class leader in

6. Oh, yes, indeed, boys are human and characters by interpreting the Bible presenting this lesson. Make a careful

the human being wants to express himlesson in the life lessons of today. analysis of the lesson material and demonself. Make the atmosphere warm Don't do the talking. You guide. Let strate to the class this method of teaching.

and flowers grow. Make the classyouth have the floor! Class leaders who always teach in this

room warm with friendship and a manner will have no difficulty in this asgenuine sense of God's nearness and Helps for the Class Leader: signment. There are many, however, who

boys will bloom! It is suggested that "The 'Forum'Methmay profit from this experience.

MANAVU WARD, PROVO STAKE, CELEBRATES AARONIC PRIESTHOOD RESTORATION

Bishop Ernest Frandsen reports that the Manavu Ward carried out the Aaronic The young men are pictured above with thir leaders as they were arranged on the priesthood restoration program as outlined by the Presiding Bishopric for the anstand for the sacrament meeting. The Aaronic priesthood members furnished the

niversary year 1943. In addition, Primary graduation exercises were held and the musical program.

following ordinations performed: two deacons, two teachers, and three priests. Under Bishop Frandsen reports, "The entire program created an excellent feeling of

the direction of the stake presidency five priests were ordained elders. spirituality."

SEPTEMBER, 1943 555 CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.wm'mm

(L U)cUvdL Jswudk&A, fire WARD TEACHERS The teacher's duty is to watch over the church always, and be with and strengthen them;

And see that there is no iniquity in the church, neither hardness with each other, neither lying, backbiting, nor evil speaking;

And see that the church meet together often, and also see that all the members do their duty. (D. 6 C. 20:5355.)

Ward Jeacken 'rr/eddaae for \Jctober, 1943

FAMILY PRAYER

A small girl four years old was put to bed one night before the father * had returned from a church meeting. The mother knelt with her little

daughter and together they prayed before retiring. In a few moments the

father returned and instantly the child called to her mother and said, "Now, mama, we can have our really prayer because daddy's home."

The little girl climbed out of her crib, took her father and mother by the hand and led them to the accustomed place where the family prayers are always said. There the three knelt down together in what the child

had called "our really prayer."She was only four but already family prayer

had become an institution in her mind. She waited anxiously for every third

time when it would be her turn to pray.

"But,"say some unthinking souls, "why pray when 'your Father knoweth what things ye have need of, before ye ask him.'"(Matt. 6:8.)

Perhaps this type of person might answer such questions as: Is it foolish

HERMAN VAN BRAAK for your children to ask you for the things they desire? When you provide

for their needs and they express appreciation, do you think it folly? When

difficulty in they are counsel, seek are pleased? your not and you When still is in they active Drother Braak Van their in for assurthey long bend heads comforting sorrow and low your

is teaching rapidly apand ward their grief? ances, their give souls to not assuage would you what When in this half proaching the century mark yours, theirs? to does to out not reach reach soul your out

activity.

He reports: From the heart of a true parent the answers to the above questions

come with leaping force. Since we, as parents, derive so much joy from

failed I have in never to turn a complete attitudes children, part of the our such ourselves to allow on do we why

I report of teaching. visited have ward that for long Eternal Father our not ever suppose does these same God thirtyfive fifty to families per month

us, all his over a experiences children? of with and period fortysix of years.

is in soul his there divine his each day, joy may, what when come What this In addition to splendid record softly of the family prayer. catches the ever spoken in ear words bows He

filled service church has misthree he help the cannot his nearness. closer but feel us of to buoyancy and we What sions to Holland, served misas a home prayer. strength through comes and power sionary, completed eleven over hundred

endowments for his kindred dead, and There are so many matters we have need to take up with our Father worked among the adult members of the in heaven. Why go the way alone when we may have his help and divine

Aaronic Priesthood. His home is in guidance?

Ogden, Utah. Fathers and mothers, teach your children to pray—teach them to pray

with you.

IAasloUul WaJvdL

subject treat the in an interpared to could F/-|*-*-'iff}"vj IrialI a I message esting manner. The

in each and then read properly be home {Concluded from 544) page bring order to to the church Tn memdesire all to discussed may by who all still bership na- a uniform message from can each more good come participate.

leaflets if ingiven month, tions nations are those containing only timely structions for Latterday Saints are disequal opportunity and fair dealing.

tributed throughout the church for the Boys Away From Home The one allimportant lesson for use and guidance of ward teachers in After examining the Aaronic priestmothers to learn is one of understanding making their monthly visits. Judging **'hood reports to April 1 from 789 and appreciation, and through that unfrom the number of leaflets requested, wards of the church, the presiding derstanding to inculcate in their families

however, it is possible that some are bishopric reports that 2,766 priests of a desire for justice and good will to under the impression that these are to a total of 7,417, or 37 percent, are away prevail in all our dealings with all peobe left in homes. This is not the purfrom home, presumably in either the ples, that we may indeed be worthy of

pose of the leaflets as is pointed out armed forces or defense work. The the title of Christian and that we may

above. usual ages for ordained priests in the speed the day when the Christ shall

Ward teachers should carefully Aaronic priesthood is seventeen and come to reign among all who love him study the monthly message and be preeighteen years. and seek to obey his word.—M. C. /.

556 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the stalwarts of year fall of 7TMONG he sold the same rael, outstanding of few were more acres farms and 2200 L\ modern IsFATHER JOHN TANNER hisIntwothe large * * than John Tanner, reverently retimber land preparatory to moving to ferred to as Father Tanner by the By E. Pingree Tanner, Missouri the coming spring. About

Prophet Joseph, who was nearly thirty a greatgrandson the middle of December he received an years his junior. John Tanner proved impression by dream or vision that he

his loyalty to his church and the was needed and must go immediately

Prophet by sacrificing his wealth to the church in the west. He told his

(which was considerable) in sustaining family of instructions he had received the church and its founder during the Ing up the fallacies of the Mormon and forthwith made preparation for the distressing times at Kirtland, Far West, elders. When the hour of the meeting journey. His neighbors considered the

and Nauvoo. arrived he took his place in his wheelventure insane, and did all they could

He was thrice married and the father chair directly in front of the elders, to dissuade him, but he knew the will of twentyone children, noted among whom he sincerely believed were imof God in the present crisis, and nothing other things for their longevity. Nine postors. The elders to whom he listened could deter him from what he conlived to be over eighty and ninety years, were Jared and Simeon Carter. Long sidered his duty. On Christmas day he

their average age being eightyseven. before their discourses were ended a commenced his journey, a distance of

His posterity is numerous. A book rewonderful change came over the mind five hundred miles, and reached Kirtcently compiled by Maurice Tanner reof John Tanner, and when they closed land in the dead of winter late in Januveals the fact that they number about the evening services, he invited the ary, 1835.

six thousand. Among his descendants elders to his home. On arriving there, he learned that at

are attained have he promireceived the impression he the many time who light a on shed evening That was new in affairs, statenence church and of the to immediately some must body move life religious his teachings. These andof late are President the Francis the church, Smith the Prophet Joseph whom

in conversaTanner engaged Mr. men Elder Richard R. Lyman,M. the other of brethren Lyman, and met some had

until the tion o'clock. told eleven He S. Richards,Emily Dr. to in the send Joseph Tanprayer Lord asked and M. be missionaries to then he ready wasner, B. the Brown, brethren with or brother and Hugh Hon. a them some

able not that baptized but he would be minister lifting E. inNathan of Tanner, assist mortthe Lands to them means the asked, ordinance. receive to They in theand Alberta Mines government, temthe the gage farm which on upon

that not?"explained he had He "Why is Sister B. alsoEdmonton. the Harold building. ple second Lee then was On six his foot floor not to the for puta descendant. inhis in Kirtland, arrival after by day

so. possibly months, not could and do vitation the of Prophet, Tanner John 15, born August was Tanner John elders to the of one Thereupon wanted his high son, the with Sidney, met and Island. state of in 1778, the Rhode He if think there did not he was know the council, that informed he was when Missouri, Ohio, inlived York, New in the gospel of enough Jesus power the block temple mortgage on was to Salt Illinois before coming Lakeand all of to heal anciently Christ manner foreclosed. he to be about Thereupon living state in the ofValley. When afdiseases, in replied to the which he dollars lent the Prophet thousand two terrible calamity overtook a York,New firmative. to elders then wanted The interest. at the note Prophet's and took painful, diseased in of the a formhim if that think not did Mr. Tanner know rethis land the amount was With incurable.left leg, pronounced emHe efthe the cause produced same same deemed. physithe eminent of mostployed seven if all ages, fect in not there and was

cians in the country, but all their efforts power enough in the gospel to heal him. Mr. Tanner also lent to the temple

were unavailing. At last one, Dr. Black, To these questions Mr. Tanner replied committee (Hyrum Smith, Reynolds

frankly told John Tanner that he could that such a thought had not occurred Cahoon, and Jared Carter) thirteen run up a bill for additional medical atto him, but he believed the Lord could thousand dollars in merchandise at cost tention but he was beyond the reach of heal him. Whereupon Jared Carter price in New York and took their note

medicine, and the doctors could do him arose and commanded John Tanner, in for the merchandise. He also signed

no good. For six months Mr, Tanner the name of Jesus Christ, to arise and a note with the Prophet Joseph Smith

had not let his diseased limb hang down walk. and others for thirty thousand dollars'

nor his foot touch the floor. Yet with worth of goods in which he had no

-all his bodily suffering his mind was "I arose, threw down my crutches, pecuniary interest purchased in New still active. Feeling he must die, he walked the floor back and forth, praised York. His openheartedness was a very

sought opportunity for doing good. He God, and felt as light as a feather,"striking proof of his confidence in the

had a vehicle so constructed that he was the explanation of the event which Prophet and in the validity and imporcould move himself from place to place Mr. Tanner gave of this marvelous tance of the work he had embraced.

without other assistance. power. That night he walked three When the temple was completed, he

quarters of a mile to Lake George and participated in the "Solemn Assembly,"

Rarly in September, 1832, notice was was baptized by Simeon Carter. As and the glorious gifts and manifesta-

L-4 circulated in the community where soon as the Word of Wisdom was tions of that memorable occasion. In

he lived that two Latterday Saint mismade known to him he quit the use of this first temple in this dispensation John sionaries would preach at a place not tea, coffee, and tobacco, and never Tanner received his temple anointings.

far from Mr. Tanner's residence. The touched them again. With his characteristic energy he put

announcement he hailed with delight. forth his best efforts to assist the

the spring of 1834, It offered Tanner Tn an opportunity, Mr. him he in sustaining the Kirtland Prophet Bank 1 fittedthought, sons, of doing out his much two John good. He was J. and the bank's paper, and received much of

conversant with the Bible and felt himNathan and sent them to Kirtland, but in spite of all efforts, the bank self amply qualified to discuss such where they joined Zion's Camp. ( Nathfailed. Those who struggled hardest

heresy as he thought the Latterday an Tanner was the last survivor of this and invested most were naturally the

Saints were propounding in their efnoble band.) A little later John Tangreatest losers, and John Tanner was

forts to spread Mormonism. Mr. Tanner fitted out seven families and sent among the foremost. He was now comner felt that he would be conferring a them to join the Saints—some to Kirtpletely crippled financially.

blessing upon his fellow men by showland and some to Missouri. (Continued on page 564)

SEPTEMBER, 1943 557 youth. The Junior girls have a delightful New Duties of Y.M.M.I.A. Presidencies

the manual, book Happiness Ahead, and of a every ward member Y.M. Perhaps their Girls regular BeeHive have work

registered has presidency M.I.A. by now are with supplement. a Explorers The

his of the paid with America, Scouts Boy office for of waiting the national the B.S.A.For the Report Secretary: Annual dollar, the of a Scout and become member is to in publish handbook, which a now

If so, troop committee. he has not he done for the report and annual Y.M. will preparation, in the but help given beTHE this to at attend once. should on From now should organizations Y.W.M.I.A. ward their regular meantime. Scouts have The

the the should presidency acof Mutual be secretaries in the of the stakebe hands by supplement. handbook a and new

their tive the of committee and members do in the reports the 5 stake andSeptember activities should counselor behave The inof representatives part the as sponsoring is offices 15.general This September by sides the the executive manual, Book new

stitution. each report be compiledone which must by Arts, Plays, Theatre BeSpeech of Thy

the also of bepresidency members The it is recordstake for the since church bound the to Thee, the wrayeth Supplement Dance the of regular boy ward members come If represented. stake everyand be must the (194344) and Manual M.I.A. Song

dithe leadership under committee which the consultnecessary, various with ward Book.

after the looks of rection the bishop young especialexecutives. stakeand This be may In quizes executive hold meetings your

ly needed wherever secretaries have on the literature and see that all are familiar men of the ward.

the during months.changed summer Howwith the contents of each book. A Fleet of Rescue Boats the roll and and 100 inever, if pages 99

Conventions upto-date, itrecord kept the that been have in book announced was May Early for material will thethere problem, be no of the purchase sponsor M.I.A. would that are advantages some come Therethere will verbatim to copied merely need be in to purchase order stamps and bonds of war adversity. scarcity with every The is identical to the sentonto an form which aviators lives the of to save boats rescue the general rubber prevent gasoline and is It that realizedstake secretary. well these of within reach the sea into drop who traveling conventions, to out boards from in thethere at things to are do Mutual many to craft. is swift 63foot campaign was The of the better time holding but them now this should reportopening, but annual be

pioto- the all of the the the 24th formerly. get than close workers July, day on To first the the executives. of schedule on

the gether before begins a days few Mutual Valley, under Salt into neers Lake came

Monthly Report fall and winter work is very desirable. the leadership of Brigham Young, ninetyall this will the Before arrangements have six ago. years

first rethe the of time monthly pads"Cor the in perhaps cases been some and made the in caminterest was shown Great * ports secsent stake to both and ward still will conventions be under But way. we officers Improvement paign. Mutual Theretaries triplicate of copies contain each the urge following: their hearts in patriotism with members and duplicate.month's record instead of This and every Stake officers: Reach ward to something the opportunity do welcomed is for bishops very purpose. wise Often a that the yourself assure executives and for victory. effort Reports further the to presidents are of not stakeand cognizant the fully plans for leaders the are of aware

, misin stakes and from coming been have isthe doing. the important M.I.A. work it to convention are working and make with States, the all parts United of in sions secretary should send oneThe ward copy successful. the of boards stake Members call. the to response qenerous aof to the secrereport stake each month's the departments should contact with make is $3,352,- total of result date to a Thetary after last possible as the as soon of that the represent leaders they see and is a to buy enough 933.29. This amount retain session inMutual each anmonth, the activities for are prepared groups and Aircraft Boats. fleet Rescue of fiftyfive file,other for the the and copy hand ward disarts presentation cultural the of and the very missions was returns from Thethird the to that bishop he copy know may that cussions are Study programmed. The Mission States gratifying. Southern The is his doing. stakewhat sec- M.I.A. The is in should Pamphlet have your and hands extent the to stamps and bonds purchasedretary should the of stake send one copy serious consideration. had States Misthe Northern of $26,257.93, and allreport (with the in stake acwards the the that president sure stake Be and sion $30,500.00. is for there a funccounted whether Mutual of fully advised are priesthood under him enough stakes purchased following Thetioning or offices not) to the as general soon invitations attend. plans to had and have for boat: a to than pay each more fifthafter possible, the as of the remonth traveling. carefully for Plan economic Do

..tain file, 60,036.60 for the one stake copy $ and hand Logan will vehicles do. not use one where two

or the third mail to the president. stake In spiritual Remember

this the of the M.I.A. will be work way stimulation is the WeberPortland 61,208.0064,263.10 the convention. purpose of main

64,749.62 the priesthood, Pocatelloknown and understood by filled. position every officers: Have Ward

appreciated. 69,173.95 the brethren Then, East Jordan too, when a that full organization has a momentum Asee 70,107.00 the of confront Davis some problems South which lacks. limping one

the executives, they will be able to help Put enthusiasm into your work. IntelliSan Diego 73,939.68

more intelligently. The monthly report for gent enthusiasm is a miracle worker. Granite 79,208.55

September will be the first handled this Publicize the convention, so that everyEmigration 92,460.78

way. If any ward or stake, branch or misbody concerned will be fully aware that an Oquirrh 141,387.50

sion secretary 403,953.15 has not received a of pad Provo is place. to important take event about

these report blanks, will 555,117.80 sent a supply be Ogden fine this that year a Mutual Remember

thefrom general offices request. upon general superintendency and general the careers of The change of boys a number may

New M.I.A. Year inandthegirlschurch.in civil life and, more important, whopresidencyhave takenof thepartM.I.A.in thissincerelygreat effort.thank all

"Detween the first and the fourteenth of *-'September, leaders should familiarize themselves with the details of the program.

trophy to be to the awarded ALiterature should be in hand and outstanding carefully most troop Boy Scout is the time forethought in when the District,read. Now Wells Salt Lake

Council, donated recently waswill by fold. pay Those many under who come

Jewelers. HubbardDenn will leadershipyour interested far be more Presentation R. by Fred was made

findif they prepared yourselves. have you left, assistant general Dunn, manager, R. of to Gray, chairman Y. will president wideawake access have A

for advancement Salt the Lake Counallto the literature a specialist and be on chairWilliam Nelson, E.

the for Executives Manual and the District, Community cil,man BSA,of Wells and Ernest

Activity Committees. D. Kimball, chairman of advancedistrict. for the ment capable will manual counselor A know trophy, The cup, a gold

the content and the have available Special scribed to troop, the honor andis willinin be awarded the to May, 1944,Interest Brochure, a meaty booklet troop having the best record for advariety of choice courses;

activities, the M withMen'a vancement, uniform and

Gleaner Manual with Dr. Widtsoe's anattendance at the court of honor, beswers to many questions in the minds of ginning in September.

558 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA year. Our Golden Gleaner roll call grew pictures there will prove very interesting

much longer last April when the following and colorful to the girls.

fortytwo new girls became Golden GleanAdvancement Exercises ers:

will exercises be on—advancement Carry

proassembly presented at your firstGreetings Alberta:Big Horn:AnnieDolaE.H.Olsen.Hofeling.

L. Blaine: Parry. Mildred is of cooperation organization need the gram. probably This will

Lee Doutre. Bonneville: Naoma department, so the BeeHive we ask you before, been it has everTHElargerM nowMen than Elizabeth Clark, Julia Anderson, Burley: Leona H.

officers Darrington, Lucille Darrington, that R. Darcontact E. and your executive Ora H. of you to the the church plan according because

rington, Hazel Hawker, Norton, Nina Eva N. Wadsrep- is properly department sure your make service themselves organize in the the men

this evening. resented on Association and worth. Improvementas Mutual a Park. Arlene Cottonwood:

Arline Lucile McAllister, Martindale, Ensign: of large them naturally a number are M Singing S. Florence Tucker. age.Men Granite: Betty Price. Ruth Purrington. A. directors will be happy to assist of the out in young camps men you Redford, Whitehead. Frances To Dorothy Music

Lucille Slater. Falls: Nellie B. Shearer, Idaho N. to in songs teaching BeeHive this to against out preparing country, go you

Virginia Inglewood: Shirley Evertsen. B. J. if girls prepared musically are not the to those you have Keep, your enemy, gone and who McClellan. to Rosa Mae

into your classes and sail so. Invite them fronts the perilous different the to do Lethbridge: or who Olson. Martha E.

Liberty: Charlotte of every class period minutes Boden, Glenna Purdie, M. set aside a few affectionate seas, greetings and send we

Tregeagle. girls singing."your praying to to "keepwant you know that we are for VivianLogan: Ruth Matthews.

built constantly being and are up byyou Langford. Maricopa: Ruth News I. Boswell. Roosevelt: Gladys faithfulthe stirring things of your we hear

Florence Sacramenro: J. Huber, Loura Rae Sorenness. Publicity, although slightly rationed, isn't sen.

Some of you have said that you are San Diego: Lois C. Westover. prohibited, so please continue to send

Larkin. Laura San Fernando: to the favorbring the gospeldoing more to

Francisco: Marjorie able attention of others than you were T. Jenks. intion.yourAlso,highlightmake newsfrequentfor effortchurchtocirculasecure able SanShelley: Lorraine Broadbent.

all, to living After apwhile very on missions. should do publicity. South much Summit: Winifred R. Andrus. Elizabeth M. local We

Jensen, Lewis. Melba influence preaching. potent of than more a report your receiving summer preciate

Elizabeth Wells: E. Divett. the remain at home, young fun. men who is Toa

doing the necessary work to keep the You may be interested in the contest now forces armed and fed, we say remember going on in the Ogden area among Beethat your fighting brothers look to you not Hive girls to see which ward can collect only to keep them supplied with the means the most needles from ward members to go of warfare, but to keep up the spiritual into Red Cross kits for soldiers. We underfront. that the victorieshome They know

battle field of the conclusive. are never It Complete Summer Work standthe winningthere's ward.to be aBestprizeofforluckthe togirlsyou,of

is the victory of truth, the precious truth Beginning fall class work with a clean Ogden, and to all of you for your splendid with which we have been entrusted, that slate requires that beekeepers conduct war contribution. Every effort helps!

will save the world. a thorough summer check up now. All

September starts a new M.I.A. year. Let summer projects, whether individual or

us make it a memorable one. group, should be well finished and proper

awards made before introducing the fall program. Every girl is entitled to the opto sit portunity with her beekeeper down

record her and completely, so her Reed Benson, Eagle Scout go over past progress will be seen in clear picture, "Cirst in his troop, Chevy Chase 241, * Stake the Washington and first inThe Manual andto evenher greateraccomplishmentsactivity inwillthe stimulatefuture. her an to become (Washington, D.C.)

in miss not one getting evening is son of Benson, A. Scout Reed EagleDo started. acquainted with Get Convention your Ward president Benson, of Washing- T. Ezra Dr. This year manual A. now. WidtJohn recently a member named and ton Stake ward convention has, no doubt, vital religious questions, soe quesanswers Your

of the Council of the Twelve. scheduled. should been Every leader tions are being Gleaners and asked M Men

secure 1943 study thoroughly and the new faith. of our not Dr. by those Widtsoe

answers these thoughtchallenging quessupplement, in addition to looking over her tions clearly and concisely in such a way Handbook outline for the coming year's that our young people will think deeper work. After doing this, she is able to list

and understand more clearly what it means her problems and discuss them intelligently to be a Mormon. with other leaders. This enables the stake

beekeeper to make the most of the time

Reading Course they have together at the convention.

especially that survey urge you We is the Rizk, Salorn Yankee, bySyrian closely possibilities activities for the your of this to offered course reading book you are BeeHive Emergency which Swarms is It year. interesting. intensely This book

is It in inpresented supplement. the new realize than ever a makes what you more

that tended these and conhoped swarms it is privilege to be American. an

tinue for the winter both duraand summer

Gleaner Sheaf tion, and serve wherever possible.

all Latterlist of have a complete you P\o Supervision *—'girls living Saint of Gleaner day age

with in is now faced ward? your an early check Make with Thethestakeimportantbeekeeperresponsibility of seeing and bishop president your the Y.W.M.I.A.

to ascertain which girls should be under that all ward swarms are organized with your "wing"for next year. Many of the competent teachers. If possible, this should REED BENSON

before are held. done ward conventions into our have wards benew moved girls who

the After will Fifteenyear-old Reed is one of the conventions, new beekeepers feel defense and cities strange to do work and need a friend. Gleaner leaders, here is especially need her followup help, and almembers of the Aaronic priesthood in

your opportunity to do a really worththough leadership meetings are not perthe stake who are participating enwhile job. Resolve now to bind your Gleanmitted, there are many other ways of giving thusiastically in the Scout program,

stimulation training. "kits"teacher and The er the sheaf. sheaf night bind your you On is of stake the the boys reaching

in will the suggested prove which supplement new will nights other camaraderie and on you brother, increasing in Reed's number. to of the best helps improve one our teachof to need wheat. gath- a basket Remember his lifesaving 14, received Mark, ing if consistently. they used are fall er this of can; grain while sheaves you

at time the became Reed same award last will they the throughout winter as decorations. Builder Kit an Eagle.

recommend that the Builder Kit (first At Scout Camp Theodore Roosevelt, Golden Gleaners WEmonth) on the life of the bee might Reed won the honor Scout award for

Applications to become Golden Gleaners well include pages 64 to 67 from Life Maza two consecutive years.

are considered three times during the zine, July 19, 1943, on bees. The article and (Concluded on page 560)

SEPTEMBER, 1943 559 MUTUAL MESSAGES

{Concluded from page 559) dent of the organization and chose as his highly entertaining mysterycomedy counselors Stanley Burness Russon and directed Night to be Through The Donby Deseret Theatre Announces New elected Rawlins. Jacobsen Dorothy was ald hilarious B. the Alder; of comedy, Out for Plays Officers Season Coming and officers secretary. the Retiring of group directed the to be Stanley Frying Pan, by

the of the Deseret weekly meeting B. Stanley were Alder, Russon, Donald delightful the costume Russon; and dramaAT lone held Theatre, 2, in the Duncan, Edwin and H. Lauber. August Monday, period, of the early Quality England New for office the the plays of 194344 Street, season group drama The 50 North Main

new officers for the coming year were seinclude the serious drama, Outward Bound Street, to be directed by Burness Rawlins.

lected. Donald B. Alder was elected presito be directed by Arthur Christean; the Edwin H. Lauber.

cial gathering for the musicians. Parr

of the time of such an occasion could then be given over to the discussing of plans for the perfecting of our churchmusic music. All persons present should be

able for almost any purpose. The folgiven an opportunity to express themThe Singing Voice lowing publications are recommended: selves in turn, so that the various viewThe First and Second Chorus Book points and all phases of the work may of the Boy for Boys, Probst and Bergquist. G. be considered. A concrete plan for

{Concluded from page 535) Schirmer. such meetings will soon be announced

able of singing the rather high pitches Twice 55 Part Songs /or Boys (Orby the general music committee.

with striking brilliance and perfect ange Book ), C. C. Birchard and Co.

ease. The Troubadours, Nightingale. Carl

Salt of a City ward Lake A member Fischer Co. alto sing should assigned to boys The *"* the that writes: "I understand indicavoices those be no Boys, show whose Club Glenn for Book Glee The is musiof chorister our a good ward tion of range does but change whose Ditson. French. Glenn and cian, directs congregational the but he not the include pitches higher demanded

it collecis of these in imfast at that preface each such songs a pace The taught the of sopranos. should be They suggestions tions valuable gives the to possible words, pronounce much many to sing suave a and tone with a smooth

of choruses their less boys'organization the give to meanthought on any will with quality that blend so they style also ing."arrangements the of and on

easily. the voices other

in the music. used

feel fast conthat directors only Some sing should part the each After boy it that Finally, be emphasized must spiritual singing gregational power. has is it to then be determined, been has of un- a boys'wellordered chorus It is are detrue that of songs a some sufficient are independthere that hoped voices changing, changed changed, and are cided nature intended rhythmic and the to carry in singers each group ent

all is vocal organthe of laudible most in spirited to manner. Fot be a sung ability to hold unfailingly. part The izations. the to example, Shoulder "Put Your is the not in partsinging one's own

gift of every one with a good voice. Wheel,"and many others like it, can

singers talented especially These who Forum for Church notthe otherbe sunghand,slowlysuch withsongs,success.while spirOn distributed ability must be have this

guide they can so that the group among Musicians spiritual.ited in performance,I feel personallyare notthatdeeplythis If indefollow. the others who must

pendent ability is wholly lacking in any By Alexander Schreiner style of song is better suited for a weekgroup, then the task of making a sucTabernacle Organist and day meeting than for a beautiful sacra cessful chorus is hopeless. Member, Church Music Committee ment service on Sunday. Such a bois

terous song was once sung at Sunda> resing earnest meeting. Pocatello morning priesthood comes an "pROM The all organization of problems After ing enthusiastic, perthe not for was the Saband sacred on music quest part proper solved and been have I director plexed thought asked devise means "Please me bath some day: why

it is imporof prime assignments made, that the the audience enter did into not individuals that be thoughtless so may that only properly arranged tance musinging in the energetic the inappropriate which rendering prevented from way stated, sic used. previously up be As for. called song services. given in answer Perhaps was secular The music our the of until of the organization the time

that the have appointed audience no doubt could would committee of be one a in junior music school high no America, preferred all sing spiritual to type a presented."to more music pass upon in quantity appreciable been had any of to sacredthe song harmonize with it is difficult bring to Unfortunately, choruses, for boys'arranged any one by ness quiet of the morning Sunday all to a organists directors of our and voices, included unchanged which

in brethren the relaxed beauThe were All perfection. state of comparative voices, voices. changing changed and

tiful chapel, of the condition whereas is continue to persuade to can do we junior high the After school became director the tenseness one of and was that direct aright then hope and and it well immediately launched, apwas nervous energy. result. Those improvement some may if at to sing that the parent boys were

all, suitable music would have to be sensitive souls who would have their I believe that in many things we can forthcoming which would be arranged high ideals realized here and now, will well trust and respect the feelings of to accommodate their singing capabilihave to exercise patience and long sufour worshipers. A quiet, reverent song

ties. The pioneer in this field was a fering. sung slowly on the Sabbath day can

man in Minneapolis named J. Victor Nevertheless, let us use every means very easily strike a deeper spiritual note

Bergquist. In collaboration with Ella at hand to strive for perfection. Singers than the loud and the fast. Congrega-

M. Probst, a junior high school prinand players who are especially invited tional singing should most often be a

cipal of that city, two very satisfactory to perform at certain meetings, should spiritual exercise, and only occasionalbooks were published. Since the pubbe specifically asked at the time of the ly a spirited one. In the Salt Lake Tablication of these two books, other cominvitation to present sacred music suiternacle the audience is never forced to

prehending musicians have brought able to our faith. Very helpful also sing fast because the directors and orforth numerous numbers until at the would be for some person in the ward ganists strive for spiritual strength and

present time adequate music is availor stake to motivate an occasional soeffectiveness.

560 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SAM BRANNAN (Continued from page 539) Progress of the great Utah experiment Coast and the United States in general recipient of flattering land offers and became matters of attention and deep-—where every city had its native

tearful pleas to remain. The Brooklyn est interest, not alone to intelligent Calicolonies and almost hopeless racial lines

Saints were received with openhanded fornians, but to thinking people the of demarcation. The dignity with which

hospitality and tendered every office world over. Colonial expansion, deMormons held the family pattern, and

of neighborly kindness in adapting velopment and perfection of common even the less understood doctrine of themselves to the new life of pioneering stock irrigation projects, cooperative "plural"marriage reaped a harvest of

San Francisco. Magnificent strides of public works enterprises—all were earnest discussion both pro and con.

San Bernardino as a colony were a connoted, admired, and copied. SuccessAnd the philosophy of the Latterday

stant source of pride and wonder to ful Mormon integration of diverse raSaint religion, its power to grip men,

Californians of that day. Nor did recial groups gathered in by a worldwide to hold them steadfast, to mold charmoval of the church from their borders missionary system, became an unanacter and ideals to brotherly endeavor

wipe out interest in Mormon affairs. swerable phenomenon to the Pacific (Concluded on page 562)

Handy Harvester Chain ENGINEERS LIST LUBRICANTS THE

Oiler Quickly Made From Paint Brush and Jar AVERAGE FARM SHOULD HAVE

Your harvester's chains and Having the right lubricant handy is the surest way to avoid the costly sprockets need oiling 3 to 4 times habit of hitor-miss lubrication. To make this easy, and conserve equipeach day, the sickle bar 4 to 6 times ment, Standard Engineers recommend the following lubricants for the

daily. This simple oiler will save average farm. The dustproof cabinet illustrated will keep them safelu- basic five First are "must"must lots time. of of Fit the handle you

bricants. Oils: for Motor "RPM"in jar hole into brush a a paint a cars, for trucks Duty Heavy RPM Stretch Ten Rules To lid. oil full Fill Gas of jar half the each tractors, for and RPM DELO for chains 20 morning. S.A.E. Use Diesels. Equally are important the to Mileage up 50% oiler sprockets. another and Make correct Oils, RollGear Tractor

for Calol Castor Machine Oil to One of the best ways to stretch er Lubricant, Wheel Bearing lubricate the sickle bar. your gas coupons is to change to Grease, and the correct Calol Oil

folStandard "Unsurpassed"and or for electric Grease pumps and 1. rules. these low Don't overOIL OPEN JOINT CHAIN motors.

SIDE ON UPPER 2. choke. slowly. 3. Accelerate grease this basic Supplementing

35. Keep under the braking 4. Use J kit lubricants additional are nine of the to power slow motor down.

5. Lubricate and change oil every DUST PROOF CABINET

1000 miles. 6. Use recommended

weight of oil. 7. Keep air cleaner

and carburetor clean.

8. Keep the motor

tuned. 9. Flush the

radiator. 10. Keep

brakes adjusted, OIL CLOSED JOINT tire pressure up.

CHAIN ON INSIDE To keep that costly harvester in // Shading Off Secret of that save farmers time and moneysmooth running order, lubricate it Handy Oil for light oiling, Penetwice daily. Be sure wheel bearSuccessful Spot Removal trating Oil for loosening bolts,

plenty turntable ings have and the Lubricant for rubber "rings"of unsightly when Rubber No fear Bearing Grease. Wheel bearings, of RPM spring shackles and spots with Standard remove you And use it on unsealed ball or Cleaning Fluid this easy way: serts. Spring Lubricant for Fordin-

roller bearings 3 to 4 times daily. Place a clean blotter or cloth built vehicles, Chassis Grease for

Plain bearings should get an apunder the spot. Rub lightly with all cars, and Cup Grease for most

plication of RPM Tractor Roller the fluid from the center of the farm implements.

Lubricant 3 or 4 times a day. spot out. Gradually shade it off, Universal Joint Grease is a nefinish and the with a dry edge cessity for Fill with case the gear equipment. some You RPM

CleanStandard it need for 60 cloth. Waterproof every Grease Oil check cenand Gear ing Fluid wax, removes trifugal at daily crankcase the water and hours. pumps Look pumps rugs, upholstery,

it on engines, filled Oil and Flushing the for with corsure to be unno cleansgloves—leaves crankcases cases. gear Oil. and rect of grade Motor isRPM pleasant odor, evaporates quickly and comIf you'd like a lubricant lineup,

"tailored"specifically it pletely. to your handy. Keep urgently truck part, needed For an

just needs, ask 1 in of your Standard or SiOrder today If all first dealers. check it cannot

containers. California Representative.

locally, contact be obtained your gallon

County U. S. Department of Agriculture War Board for assistance. STANDARD OF CALIFORNIA 561SEPTEMBER, 1943

9 7 )

Sam Brannan

{Concluded from page 561 and singleness of purpose, was the most profound of all mysteries—for in it lay

the, key to all. Mormons have always

had the eyes of their neighbors upon them.,.'.-..

In modest way, the story of Mormonism in California is a symbolic pattern to a new and greater destiny. Because Mormons have proved themselves by past acts—criticism and

ostracism are dead. Sixtyseven thousand Saints live in peace, equality, and

admiration in California today. Mormon concepts and developments earn

editorial consideration far in excess of numerical standing. The world we

know faces a desperate crisis. It is sick,

and fighting for a way out. It is seeking

for spiritual and philosophical leadership to displace dead forms and discredited credos—a faithkindling force

with deepest roots in democratic ideology. If Mormonism knows where it is

it indeed way—if

is the time 0* going—ifis the Master's it hascreed—nowthe oi to \. &o is waiting—hungrilyshow it. Humanity,waiting.the world over,

corse as But let there be no mistake. Mormonism cannot step to leadership by as pioneerresting dead past. on its The

of *V* ing mortis ended. phase A Zion

gages, tumbledown barns, and pioneer acreage reverting again to sagebrush will not answer the hopes and yearnings of the honestin-heart. Little efficacy

there is, so far as a troubled world is concerned, in multiplying words to of prophet Smith a true prove Joseph >0 his the burning of power God, when \x& \v& tfvo his the breathtaking scope of f% It message, 62 revealed philosophy, the hope and comdos to fort of his doctrine of the brotherhood of man and Fatherhood of God, are hidden in the world under a bushel of selfrighteousness and splithaired dogma. Mankind—betrayed, and spiritually disillusioned—is wearied of dead (er forms and lukewarm philosophy. The

answer it seeks must be as militant as the evil forces that have wrecked the world.

Every true Latterday Saint-—in

California or elsewhere—is looked upon with a degree of awe and respect.

He is product of a faith virile enough to uproot established concepts, write

The Advertisers and Where You Will Find Their Messages tumultuous history, and wrest empires

Beneficial Life Insurance Company Back Cover Maid O'Barley 549 from forbidding deserts. His forbears,

Bookcraft Company.Inside Back Cover, 519 Mapleine (Crescent Manufacturing Co.) 551 tattered and barefoot, marched across

547 Industry Borden Metal Mining Company 566 Brigham Young University Milk Morning Companyof Utah 518563 America's burning wastes for love of

Continental Oil Company 562 Mountain Fuel Supply Co Inside Front Cover country, for love of man, for love of

Manufacturing Crescent Co. (Mapleine) 551 States Implement Mountain Company 570

Mills. Deseret Book 540 Company 515 God. His parents turned nobly away Portland Woolen

Biscuit Purity Federal 568 Deseret Loan 513 Savings & Company seek from California's and gold—to 572 Press Deseret Royal Baking 548 Company. News life the richness on of a better Erickson, 5 1 Stores, Safeway 51 establish Lynn Inc.

Faultless Starch 546 Salt 571 Lake Company Tribune in to come. His earth and the world

Company...- FelsNaptha Soap 516 Sego Milk Company is glorious. His background of 561 heritage 567 Standard General Insurance America.........524 Oil Company Company

551 Products Garden Glade Tea Candy Company Company 513 bright behold. to and wonderful But

Pacific Stages Grain 550 Union Globe Milling Company 547 S is this what manner of man Mormon University Hall's 513 of Canker Utah Remedy Inside Back Cover

Engraving 547 Hotel Square Utah Temple 513 Company today? does prove himWherein he

Oil Refining Utah 574 Hotel 522 Utah Company self different other from men? Poultry International Producers'Harvester 550 Utah Cooperative Ass'n Company 521

L.D.S. Business College 564 Utah Power & Light Company 565

Strauss Levi State Agricultural College. 522 Utah 520 answer rests with every LatterThe

Wheeler, Reynolds, 573 Linda 548 Food Products Company Loma & Stauffer. Saint. I. Pectin Z. C. 549 569 day M. M.C.P.

{The End) 562 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (pwn&&/L Spirrit JJul

The record of the deeds of the Pioneers who settled Salt Lake Valley is one of sacrifice. These people possessed a courage and industriousness that could not be

denied. They molded here on a desert a community that is a monument to their

courage and determination.

Today we are called upon to serve our country, and until the war is won our motto must be: "There Is No Limit to Sacrifice."

The people of Utah are responding in a manner creditable to the rich heritage they possess. Descendants of the Pioneers of yesterday are the soldiers of today. They

1 are soldiers of the battlefields and on the supply fronts at home.

Utah's home front is an important one, and its people may be justly proud of the record of the farms, factories, and mines of the State in production so helpful in the prosecution of the war. The foundations for these industries were laid during the days

of the Pioneer.

Yes, the Pioneer spirit has returned to Utah.

The Metal Mining Industry of Utah

Silver King Coalition Mines Co. Utah Copper Company Tintic Standard Mining Co.

American Smelting & Refining Combined Metals Reduction Co. International Smelting &

Company Refining Co.

Chief Consolidated Mining Co.

United States Smelting Refining Park Utah Consolidated and Mining Company Ohio Copper Co. of Utah Mines Co.

SEPTEMBER, 1943 563 INTERNATIONAL FOOD CONFERENCE (Concluded [com page 529) that shortages of one area could be eJL. *Jj. O. Urracnm f Pr*y*

very remarkable. However, the newer eliminated by surpluses from another.

knowledge of nutrition will be of great all foretell the early to of too good Tt is all giving in to nations benefit to their A this result conferthat from might will that more diet them make a people FALL TERM if organizaence. permanent no Even capable. healthy more and

AT In the section devoted to the Extion should come out of it, it would pansion of Production, the newest dehave been well worth while from the velopments in agriculture were confact that representatives of each nation L. D. S. BUSINESS sidered so that these might be available were able to learn of the conditions in

COLLEGE Emphasisto even thewasmostconstantlybackwardgivencountry.to the othertheir homesnations.theTheyinformationcan carrytheybackobto

fact that if the people of all lands are tained and use it for the betterment of beginning NOW to have all the food they need, there their own countries. The findings and

could be no destruction of temporary or recommendations as they are published local surpluses. will be exceedingly valuable to students

to the agriculture and of foods and Improveto the section devoted The all nations. of However, governments confronted Distribution of was Courses: ment

will possibilities realized full not the be transportaall of problems of the with Shorthand Gregg international orsort unless of some variation exchange, international tion, Stenotypy is insure effected to ganization more different of capacities productive in Typewriting all for the nutrition people adequate disstoring of and areas, methods and Accounting poshitherto been has than of the world of buffer stocks surplus tributing and (general sible. and secretarial) periodic for to up commodities make

Machine Calculation and local shortages. The problems of I, personally, feel very grateful for

Office Machines production are in many cases simpler the opportunity of being present at this

Machine Bookkeeping than the problems of distribution. historic gathering. All the rest of my

English (including spelling and The section devoted to Methods of life I shall be reaping dividends on what letter writing) Carrying Forward the Work of the I learned there. Even though I had

Penmanship Conference worked out a procedure previously traveled over most of the

Arithmetic for establishing a permanent organizaworld and knew many countries well,

Character Education tion. The first step is to have a com- I obtained a greater respect for my felrepresentatives of so by seeing men nation which low each representing... and others. mission attempting to honestly nations technimany permanent will prepare a more

cal organization. This would devote plan for a better world. It is hoped that

The College: itself to a ready dissemination of intheir efforts will bear fruit in helping to

Excellent buildings formation and to a more rapid and efreduce hunger from so many places

Best of equipment fective interchange of commodities so where the innocent are now starving.

Choice faculty Stimulating environment Students you'll be proud to knowl FATHER JOHN TANNER {Continued from page 557) son, Myron, went to a mill about nine for business your school It's the right they the town. from When so miles persecution this was time About training. free booklet. our Ask for militia, in the state started for home KirtSaints had to leave the severe *"r

land and seek new homes. John Tanreality an organized mob, came upon

ner, destitute of means and in debt, set them. The father told the boy, Myron,

out on a journey of one thousand miles to take care of himself, which he did

L D. S. BUSINESS tojourneyFar West.consistedHisofequipmenta turnpikeforcart,the bying crawlingbrush. Heunderwasa notlargediscovered,pile of clearbut

COLLEGE aown,borrowedthree borrowedwagon, oneones,horsetwentyof dolhis theof themmob snappedcame upona gunJohnat Tanner.him and whenOne

70 North Main lars in cash and a keg of powder. it refused to go off, took hold of the

over Elder struck Tanner and muzzle children accompanied of his Salt Lake City 1, Utah Eleven cutting a breach, the with the head his and powder money him. When would gash. blow large, ugly The family his were he and were gone,

it not been killed him had have the probably to appealing of the necessity under benevolence of inhabitants along the for his heavy felt hat. He was taken

road for buttermilk and some other prisoner. It was at this time the Prophet

shot, but sentenced to be was Joseph life. to sustain food A little daughter withprotested and General Doniphan journey. this tedious died on On his

arrival in Missouri he narrated, in condrew his men. On the day the execuversation with a friend, his hardships tion was to have taken place the Saints

"May the ship that brings and privations. In conclusion he laid down their arms, and some of the

the ERA to me never sink,"philosophically said, "Well, if others prisoners, among them John Tanner, writes one of the 1 1,000 L.D.S. have come up easier, they have not were released.

men in the service receiving learned so much."This expression was

fifteen other thousand with the A long resignation his to his characteristic of 39,- are But there the ERA.

in Missouri, he was Mormons of ** a had happy faculty sacrifices. He in the Saints Latterday 635

service. acknowledging the hand of God in all driven from his home. After the Saints

things. had established themselves in Nauvoo,

He arrived in Far West July 3, 1838, he was called on a mission to the

Send them ALL the and he and his sons went to work, paid Eastern States. He arranged his af-

"ERA"upto meethis debts,the necessitiesand had ofsufficientlife. funds Josephfairs, andon onethe daystreet,meetinghandedthe himProphetthe

In the autumn of 1838, he and his note he had signed for the twothou- 564 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FATHER JOHN TANNER sanddollar loan at Kirtland to redeem ing adventure with the Indians who the temple lot. The Prophet asked would have taken his life had it not

him what he wanted done with the note. been for the gift of tongues and interElder Tanner replied: "Brother Joseph, pretation given to one of the party with

you are welcome to it."The Prophet him. During the trek a sixyear-old

then laid his hand on Elder Tanner's grandson was killed through a fall under shoulder saying, "God bless you, Fa- a heavily loaded wagon.

ther Tanner; your children shall never He arrived in Salt Lake Valley Ocbeg bread."tober 13, 1848, and settled in South

When the exodus of the Saints was Cottonwood, where he died April 13, in progress to the West, John Tanner 1850, after a lingering illness.

fitted out his two sons, Albert and MyThus passed from this scene of action ron, to go with the Mormon Battalion. one of God's noblemen; his name and

He also assisted several families in memory are cherished and respected crossing the plains. At Winter Quarby his numerous posterity. His loyalty

ters his house and three covered wagto his church and the Prophet was unons, used for sleeping rooms and probounded. He sacrificed his wealth, and

visions, were burned, nothing being would have given his life—as indeed he Your Electricsaved but some of the bedding. did—in sustaining and building up the

In crossing the plains he had a thrillkingdom of God on the earth. Appliances must

last for the WHEAT FOR STORAGE duration.

(Concluded [com page 515) keep in mind is the fact that the place is suitable as long as it will protect the should be both cool and dry, as fluctugrain from rodents, insects and vermin. ating temperature or increasing humidiBe sure to give

Metal drums and cans, or wooden cans ty both cause rapid deterioration and or boxes, are entirely satisfactory. spoilage. them proper care.

Wheat has been stored successfully in 8. Later Care. If wheat is dry and

ceiling. thesacks from hung The piohard, need be very little attention given. Ask for our bins largeneers of lumber and made If, inadvertently, damp, wheat becomes

placed their wheat in these. These were moisture of the percentage or where booklet,

graineries calledsometimes and were it is is sugnot content known, then built in the form of above a room the that procedure following a gested be "Wartime Tips,"cellar celvegetable or a rootfruit and after storage, out: carried Thirty days

lar. Sometimes they were placed in a turn and screen the wheat for the reon the care and

cellar under a house, but where this moval of weevil and other pests. A

was done, they ordinarily were framed small sieve can be made by using a wire use of Electric with planking and were raised off the screen (such as door or window floor on 8 or 10inch logs, to keep screen) with 10 to 14 meshes to the Appliances.

the dampness from the under part of the inch. Merely pour some of the wheat

bin. Some people have stored grain in from one container into the sieve, shake

a regular closet in a house by merely back and forth a few times, and then putting boards across the door. In any empty sieve into another container.

case, the receptacle which is used should be made so that it can be thorSummary: If selected and stored unoughly cleaned. der the conditions outlined above,

7. Storage. Wheat should be kept wheat should keep indefinitely. Partiattention cular the directed to be shouldin free dry place, a cool, from contamUtah Power & factors three are following abwhich oils,ination of grease, foreign other and

materials. Attics make poor storage solutely necessary to prolong the storspace, because Light Co.

summer. A basement,of heat bothif dry,wintermakesanda age1. lifeVarietyof wheat:

good storage space, or for cool weather 2. Moisture content

the garage is ideal. The thing always to 3. Cleanness

Maybe you can't hand him an ERA but THE CHURCH MOVES ON uplift iHB president, (Continued William page 554) from M. The branch $f& M;,%jl shortly after he ordained Brown, was Ill Palm Beach jWest *1 three ago. years a member became He t *;j|;. -.;! fc in of thellflosT Palm first Mormons West president, the E. succeeded:: W. pS'"'iSF* intention Florida, to Beach, had Erickson, Texas. no John moved who

of joining the church five years ago. Hawkins and R. Dewey Blair, counselin the also paying ors, they lead converts, South as are are most newNow

tithes, theirtheir officers. meetings, attending auxiliary the of \'a* i ''

efforts gospel the for the tirelessand teaching praised to nonmem- When bers. of his twentytwo local missionaries

Before the branch was organized in who call from door to door and hold m i-

August, 1938, there were only seven cottage meetings regularly, President members in town. Now there are 68. Brown shrugged and replied simply: -

Of these, 100 percent pay tithes and of- "We've barely got our foot in the door ferings, 60 percent attend every meetat West Palm Beach. The work to do you can mail him one—and keep. him close to

ing, and 33 percent are local missionis still in front of us."Jack N. Ander12 issues the church $2.00

aries. son. (Concluded on page 566)

SEPTEMBER, 1943 565 THE CHURCH MOVES ON (Concluded from page 565) Rhead and Arvel R. Stevens, have been

sushas been released. Elton L. Taylor Presidency

Stevens Arvel with R. tained as presidentIt Is Time to Enroll—StakeTn the Carbon Stake, President George E.

NOW! * Jorgensen and counselors, Parley H. and Cecil Broadbent as counselors.

KEEP UP WITH AMERICA THROUGH COLLEGE TRAINING!

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY Offers YOU The broadest curriculum in the history of the University!

Intensive courses to meet emergency needs!

A highly trained faculty devoted to the welfare of youth! WOMAN'SONE

Outstanding laboratory, library, ACHIEVEMENT and general campus facilities!

A well planned religious and social program!

in of Lake City, Salt defense has work: done Crumble), John (Mrs. Crumbie one Minnie This woman, is what An environment of high spiritucourses; nursing in firetaken instruction including two work, of first aid seventyfive hours has completed 9he

ality! air raid insignia certificate for has the warden. pins and a She gases; fighting dealing has received with and and

Hospital. the attendants St. Mark's at

in church active An atmosphere which has made volunteerof medicalSisterdefense hospital fully equipped. She made a perfect alert test in June with her ambulance under the supervision also Crumbie isBYU famous as work, being a sunshine worker for the Relief Society.

"THE FRIENDLY SCHOOL"FOR GARDENERS

Autumn quarter begins (Concluded from page 520) until the attic has become sufficiently cool crops, this for root purpose. used to be 1, The 1943 October tightly crumpled cardboard, corrugated of

etc., beets, carrots, well as when keep such insulating the into compactly pressed paper

for in convenience sand, moist buried which these wool. various mineral space, Winter quarter begins or Of

in in boxes. produce placed should be The is insulation, of the mineral types wool

until held cold safely the be sand can box 4, 1944 January lid satisfactory. best top or can most The

cold the weather becomes weather. When it insulated surfacing layer a or with be by for details For further the current likely to stored roots are that and the so enough insulation board. structural of two catalogue, write the baseto freeze, they should be moved

When used in an unheated building, the ment or the box should be heavily covered

The President box should be opened for only very short above and below. Apples and potatoes can

for freezing the periods weather during until if they cold weather very kept rebe of stored produce, not should and it moval cardboard are placed in a box or woodenBRIGHAM YDUNG be opened during very cold weather. Before that is well covered below and above.

off stored leaving cooled produce be can by the lining improvised box UNIVERSITY freezing weather occurs in the fall, the If a large box is available, a good storbe age can by lid the night the during keeping and open tightly with heavily above below and PROVO. UTAH it closed the day. during setting then paper, and crumpled packed

is building unheated not availan stored containers of to be the produce When ft ft able, the insulated placed can be stuffing in a box between paper tightly inside and heated basement, if the box is connected and over these containers. Such boxes can

with the outdoors by means of a ventilation then be covered with rugs, carpets, or other flue. Such a flue should consist of two similar types of coverings.

"POR defense workers oftubes,the boxone toextendingprovide nearlyan intaketo ofthecoldbottomair, cussedWhenunderone of"Miscellaneous"the types of storageis used,disit away on the job—the while, the other one should open near the probably would be wise to move the stored

Era can be like a monthly top of the box to allow for the escape of produce to the basement during periods letter from home. the warmer air. when the temperature is low outside. The

A small box with inside dimensions of temperature at which they should be transNow going into more five feet eight inches in length, one foot ferred to the basement would depend, of than 80,000 homes. five inches in width, and two feet six inches course, on the amount of covering proin of capacity depth has a maximum apvided. * * * sixteen bushels of fruits proximately and

vegetables. Note: Farmers'Bulletin No. 1939 on

Miscellaneous Types of Storage, Where "Home Storage of Vegetables and

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA neither a storage room or insulated box is Fruits"gives a detailed discussion of 50 North Main Street available, successful short storage of apstorage facilities and methods of handSalt Lake City 1, Utah ples, the root crops, white potatoes, and ling each crop. This publication can be

cabbage can be improvised in an unheated purchased for ten cents, from the Su12 issues $2.00 building such as a garage or attic. Where perintendent of Documents, U. S. Govstorage is to be made in the attic, the proernment Printing Office, Washington,

duce should be held in some cool place D. C.

566 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

And God called the light Day, and the evening the called Night. he And darkness BIBLE THE HOLY

... first the day. were the morning and

532 cause ( Continued from page of conscience. When Moses an- 1:1-5.) (Genesis

is question: the man? swered What Inspired Prophets his in wrote: "God made man he own image,And Godafter said,our Letlikeness:us makeandmanlet inthemour

'T'he Holy Bible as the masterpiece of image."This truth we accept today. have dominion over the fish of the sea, and

the world's literature, is the most It gives us the consciousness of the over the fowl of the air, and over the catmajestic exposition of religion ever moral law, based on the divine principle tle, and over all the earth, and over every given to man. It contains the writings of the fatherhood of God, and the creeping thing that creepeth upon the

earth. beginning the In of man. ofof the inspired prophets and brotherhood God,

in his in image, created own man God So all things. Just created he gospel of the and the principles was God,embodies him, male and he created the image of God unis far It our beyond enlightens done Christ Lord. it was our howof Jesus 1:2627.) (Genesis created he them. female

us on the fundamental themes of rederstanding.

vealed religion: man, scripture, salvaThe Hebrew race was the instrument Man Given Dominion Over

tion, faith, prayer, and immortality. chosen by God for his revelation of the Earth

God reigns in heaven and in earth. He himself to humanity. Their relation to 'T'he world had been made and had

is the. rightful king of nations, and the God was not of their own making. Is- -*- its tenant. He was in the image and

source of supreme good to men. In his rael did not choose God; God chose likeness of his Maker. It was fitting

image man was created. Prophets like Israel. that it be so, if the world was to fulfil

Moses, Isaiah, Hosea, Jeremiah, Daniel, The prophet Moses wrote the first its design. Between God and the earth

Ezekiel, and Micah were divinely apfive books of the Old Testament. The is man. By steps which we cannot

pointed servants, and they wrote the book of Genesis is incomparably the measure, the earth was created, and holy scriptures and inspired the peonoblest composition of the early ages. man was given dominion over all living

ples of the ancient world to believe in It is said that more books have been creatures. How completely all thought

God and to hope for the Redeemer of written about the first chapter of Geneof an origin less than divine is ruled out the world. They had the highest possis than any other subject known to by such a word as "Image."To be able

sible knowledge of moral and religious man, for it deals with God and the creato think man and give him being relaws. tion and man's divine origin. The Bible quired God. Man is accounted for.

In the National Library building in opens with an account of the creation No way has been found but this. Man

Washington, D.C., an artist has shown of the heavens and the earth, and conknows his Creator, listens to him, obeys

on the dome the functions of the differcludes in the book of Revelation with him, loves him because of the response ent nations of the earth. Each nation is a description of the new heavens and of man's nature to his God. "Few truthsrepresented by an allegorical picture, earth—the ideal toward which creation could be of more service in bringing

with a legend underneath. The legend is moving, and wherein God himself man to the right apprehension of himfor Judea is religion; for Greece, philosshall be the immediate source of ilself, and of his place in the universe, in

ophy; for Rome, administration; for lumination and the object of worship. quickening a high respect and a regard

Germany, printing; for America, sciIn the first chapter of Genesis we have for his splendid possibilities in character

ence. So Israel had to do with ethical the most transcendent message in the and achievement, than that which at

and spiritual problems. The eternal Old Testament once declares and continually asserts

question from the first was: "What is In the beginning God created the heaven his relationship to his Maker."

man and what is God?""What is the and the earth. Adam and Eve were sent from

relationship between man and God?"And the earth was without form, and heaven to this earth, and they were the

The message of Israel to the world was void; and darkness was upon the face of progenitors of the human race. They

always: There is one God. In the book the deep. And the Spirit of God moved upon excelled in knowledge all men since

the face waters. ofof Deuteronomy time. Milton, Dante, Caedmon,

said, Let there be light: and their God Andforceful sentence: "Hear, thinkers of and the great and many light. (6:4) thereO Israel:is thisthe thethere was

Lord our God is one Lord."All pagan And God saw the light, that it was good writers of history have taken the Biblinations worshiped force because of and God divided the light from the darkcal description written by Moses and

fear. The Israelites worshiped right beness. ( Continued on page 568

11 THIS ME POLICY% SoutHf 20% ON MY FIRE INSURANCE "It is issued by the GENERAL of AMERICA, one of the strongest capital stock fire insurance companies in America. They insure

preferred risk properties only, then share the savings with policyholders in the form of premium dividends. I'd advise you to get GENERALINSURANCE CO

ALL the facts!"OFAMERICA

Home Ask your GENERAL Agent TODAY!

CAPITAL STOCK INSURANCE., AT ITS BEST!

GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA

GENERAL CASUALTY COMPANY OF AMERICA FIRST NATIONAL INSURANCE CO. OF AMERICA GENERAL

H. K. DENT, President... Home Office: SEATTLE

UtahSouthern Idaho Service Office, Pacific National Life Bldg., Salt Lake City, Utah

SEPTEMBER, 1943 567

THE HOLY BIBLE meltingthe sourcessnowsof ofthe MountRiver Jordan.Hermon Theare

{ Continued from page 567 the infinite value of the human soul incedars of Lebanon are like the redgiven beautifully imaginative pictures spired the highest righteousness and woods of California, and Isaiah calls of the first days of mankind. The justice known to man. In every age them "the glory of Lebanon."It was

prophets of the Old Testament came since, the noblest inspirations of freethese trees that the poetprophet to know the living God by revelation, dom have ever been found among the Hosea referred to when in his deep and they all had their special teachings peoples who have partaken of the spirfeeling he wrote the words found in and work to do. Moses led the children it of the Bible. The book was written the fourteenth chapter of the book of

of Israel to the Promised Land and originally in Hebrew and Greek, but Hosea. The lovely trees and flowers

gave them the Ten Commandments has been translated into all the leading in nature often inspired the prophets to which make our civic and domestic languages of the earth. It has gone into write, as for example the first seven

duties in the highest sense duties to every land, and its influence has healed verses of the fifth chapter of Isaiah.

God. All the prophets sought to raise the nations. It speaks to every man in The old prophets were close observers

the spiritual values of the times in his own tongue, and holds converse of nature, for God had created everywhich they lived, and inspired people every day in the year with a multitude, thing, "even the stars."

to have faith in the only true and living which no man can number, of all naThe Children of Israel became a rural

God and to hope for the Redeemer of tions and peoples and kindreds and race. They tilled the soil, planted the

the world. The fatherhood of God and tongues. vine, and followed their sheep. They

loved the mountains, streams, and sky

Abraham, Father of the Faithful and sang praises to their Creator. There

\\7e have the story of Abraham, the are the songs of the farmer and the relafor the shepherds, the of psalms VV "father faithful."of the He was "is his very sheep to shepherd of a in left his born Chaldea in tion and home

leads, always tender."intimate and He east the and the towards wandered

water. to pasture and drives never them setting "lands the of sun."Traveling

Isaiah of familiar verses the of his with wife, Sarai, into the One he came of shepherd the careful was shows how land of Palestine his flocks with and herds. There he built an altar and worhis lambs:

shiped God. This is a great event in He will feed his flock like a shepherd,

history, for from that first migration of He will gather the lambs in his arm in his bosom, carry them And to the present, Abraham the descendthose lead will gently who have their And ants of this noble Isaac man through young.

and Jacob have been moving westward and have been the founders of nations The Children of Israel turned to the and religions. There is in Abraham a Land of Promise because they expected

grandeur of soul, and an instinctive to own fields of wheat and barley and perception of the true and eternal, hillsides covered with vines and fig which places him in the foreground of trees. The Promised Land was theirs

human greatness.... The book of Exto be made holy in their homes, and

odus deals with the wanderings of the they became a homeloving people. In

Children of Israel until they reached the eighth chapter of Deuteronomy are the Promised Land. During this period these words:

bringeth into a thee the Lord thy God of of water, of brooks a land SO I'M SAVING MORE aandcompletereligioussystembecameofestablished.laws, both moral"The goodFor land,

fountains health depths that spring out of and the people of cared for was by hills; valleys and FOR WE OPPORTUNset a definite hygienic regulations of and

vines, barley, of wheat, land and and A ritual the for worship proclaimed."was ITIES fig of trees, and pomegranates; a land and OF FUTURE WE of laws kindness The Moses enjoined honey; and to strangers, gentleness to and oil widows shalt witheat bread land thou wherein Aolive, not always be so Work may for orphans consideration and animals. shalt scarceness, thou lack not out any

plentiful... wages as high The nineteenth chapter of Leviticus thing in it; a land whose stones are iron,

... as today. So put aside should be remembered for all time. and out of whose hills thou mayest dig

brass. shalt not "Thou and as the go up down dollars your as as... many

full, art hast then thou eaten and When talebearer,"is (Leviticus of 19:16) one in accan... savings you a the the for shalt thy bless thou Lord God its significant teachings. The Ten Comat count DESERET FEDERAL. thee. given land hath he (Deugood which mandments, lastwhich have had such a 8:7-10.) is teronomy to Safety assured $5000 by ing influence history, on human were

of the a permanent agency for land, there gratitude In a such delivered engraven stone the on "by... United States government slavery, for each should be man no finger of God."the have had They

Liberal dividends are comgreatest influence, as a system of laws, could sit under his own fig tree and from pounded every six months. in the history of the western world.... day to day till his little plot of ground.

One of the sublime and noble stories of When Isaiah witnessed the people $1 will open Deuteronomy is the account of Moses coming back over the deserts from their your account standing on Mount Nebo and looking bondage in Babylon, he wrote the most into the Promised Land across the River beautiful lyric of all time, the fortieth

Jos. E. Kjar, Alex chapter of Isaiah. E. Carr, Jordan, fields the when and orhe saw President Secretary

little chards of plenty and the of town

Jerusalem. He had led the Children of Isaiah's Prophecy Concerning

to for everything and in his of the God the prevalent note grew DESERET Israel to their future home. He looked the Savior faith to such that an extent is scriptures the human that God As Testament

is factor was almost lost sight of in the rules in the earth and in heaven and FEDERAL divine. Old king the the rightful of nations and

the to men, source so of supreme good I O N The Beautiful Land of Palestine that in Christ us Testament shows New

High and impressive mountains are do we find the worthy culmination of 44 SOUTH MAIN characteristic of Palestine, and the the divine revealing purpose of God 568 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THE HOLY BIBLE warRevolutionarywith Englandfatherswas learnedinterferingthatwiththe colonial the conBibles, of the supply is Christianity ages. thethroughout Bible Pilgrim Fathers and the The

1 spite in severe in of voted, gress 777 a in Christ, while who, Jesus upsummed for Bible forefor our the purof Holy shortage $20,000 The was money, spirit Testathemanifesting of the Old liberties. their charter scriptures. of bears of the a distribution chase The and

it. perfectment, transcends Jesus was their fathers Pilgrim Bible looked of the Bible bread upon the them, was Toin the charrevealed righteousness and precious life. as the the of piece cargo most forFather.acter of the Looking God settlethe Mayflower. board on The centuries, the the have throughward we to Back the Comes World The is thrilling of story of a America ment bein that Isaiah, haveprophet words Bible in Puritans adventure: Pilgrims and

idol, telling the exquisite about ancome in Episcopalians Massachusetts, Vircivilized counother America and child of Christcoming the ginia York, and and Maryland Bible. tries to the are New coming Even back

... For unto us a child is born, Quakers, Moravians, and Mennonites in Russia, there is a movement on to

is given; us a sonUnto in Pennsylvania, Lutherans and sold in printed Roman scriptures the and have

the government shall be upon hisAnd in Catholics under Lord Baltimore cities country. in that France, the large shoulder:

And his name shall be called Maryland, and Baptists in Rhode IsItaly, Spain, and the Scandinavian

Wonderful, Counsellor, land. Differing greatly in language and countries are turning to the writings of

The mighty God, race, they were one in a common desire the prophets and to the message of the

The everlasting Father, to establish on this continent a commonSavior of the world. As for our own

The Prince of Peace. wealth in which every man had direct country, Bible Week which we have

Of the increase of his government access to the Bible to learn from it for every year has for its object the restoraAnd peace there shall be no end, himself the will of God. tion of the book to its place of primary

Upon the throne of David, For the first hundred and fifty years importance in the American homes, and

And upon his kingdom. of New England life, almost every child this because entire families have learned

The living God moves through every that learned to read learned by the aid how to make its truths applicable in page of the Bible and it is the one of a little book called The New Engdaily life. Spiritual understanding of

volume that has given understanding to land Primer. This primer contained so its teachings has restored and mainman who is in search of life and truth many sayings of the Bible that it came tained health, solved financial and other

as no other influence of history. The to be known as "The Little Bible of problems of the family circle, and the

more one reads it, the more one is conNew England."To learn to read in that living standards, physical, mental, and

vinced of the divinity of man and his day was to imbibe not only the lanmoral, of millions of people. In the

immortal and divine destiny. Influguage but also the teachings of the United States at the present moment,

enced by this sacred message, ShakeBible. This enabled the people so the organized efforts to teach the people

speare wrote: trained to look upon all earthly events the truths of the holy scriptures as writin eternal the light of purpose. God's ten to Rethe Moses by down John

is of noble a piece man! work how What its of justice, idea America with and velator at national of come a time infinitein in faculty! reason! in form How rights, crisis. and freedom human demoand In hour, and such an wommen admirable! expressand and moving how

in action how like an angel! in apprehencracy, became largely the product of en turn almost instinctively to the supsion how like a God! this book and its truth. When the port to be found in its sacred pages.

the lest"

backto-school

clothes are at ZCMI

It's only natural that America's smartest, most

practical clothes should be at ZCMI. For 75

years we have featured only the finest, most

famous brands. The Mademoiselle, Alice Carol

and Good Housekeeping collections of school

clothes are exclusive here in the west.

ZCMI

America's First Department Store

SEPTEMBER, 1943 569 1 1! T )

Lifting the Cigaret Ad Smoke Screen ( Continued from page 536 it stoutly maintains that "you can't buy, beg, or borrow a stale Old Gold."The

commission regards these claims as so much malarkey. It says that at the time

of filing the complaint nothing had been added to the tobacco of Old Golds which was not already known and used in the manufacture of cigarets; and it

believes that old age will make Old

Golds just as stale as any other cigaret.

A sidelight on cigaret advertising is provided by P. Lorillard's boosts for

"Sensations,"the company's tencent cigaret. "You can't buy better smoking

pleasure at any price'—that from the

makers of fifteencent Old Golds!

it irriTo help you grow more 'tionsOneagainstof the smokingmost damagingis that accusatates the throat. The manufacturer who

this objection would could overcome in about. talk to indeed something have There's a

set Philip In 1934, Morris Company & patriotic American no dead tough jobfarmer—it'sahead ofto everyplow wide, and handsome—-leaves had. to prove out they company The

more, plant more, grow more for 1944 furrows to speed washing away of ferunderwrote an experimental project on in spite of the help and machinery tile top soil or cause sudden, jolting rabbits. The researchers proclaimed

shortage. strains on mowers, combines and other that smoke from cigarets which conOne way to help meet that tremendous equipment. You'll find it the ideal antained glycerine as a moistening agent

irritation while Rabbit, Bre'r to caused tractor. to needs. to is plowing 70 Oliver your swer goal a sturdy own

diethycontaining tobacco from smoke it will find You'll long toward go a way slight and a glycol lene only its "had is to best and Oliver doing make missing The those replacing men. action."have you may As momentary fast as maas ship equipment farm

sixcylinder, high compowerful, smooth, cigaret the Philip guessed, Morris was If terials available. are new need you pression haneasy glycol, the diethylene performance—the containing and your see suggest equipment, you we of the usefulness allaround dling and the hardsmoking enjoyed most one by dealer States nearest Mountain NOW '44. in 70 will help more grow rabbits. you

to assure yourself You'll plow more, too, in '44 if you have of weapons in the Delighted with this finding, Philip an Oliver TwoWay Tractor Sulky Plow. '44 battle of Food Morris then hired ten doctors, each of

Drawn by the sturdy 70, it plows deep, Production. whom was to perform an experiment

on ten human beings. The results were

described in an advertisement in the

HELP PLOW 'EM UNDER Journal of the American Medical AssoBUY U. S. WAR SAVINGS BONDS AND STAMPS ciation: "Patients with coughs were instructed to change to Philip Morris

MOUNTAIN STATES IMPLEMENT CO. cigarets.coughs disappearedIn three out completely.of four casesThisthe

OGDEN, UTAH Philip Morris superiority is due to the

BRANCHES improvement of diethylene glycol as

UTAH IDAHO: Preston, Blackfoot, Shelley, a hygroscopic [moistureretaining]

Ogden, Idaho Falls, Rexburg, Rupert, Twin agent."

Falls, Buhl. Txemonton

This pronouncement aroused the ire of the glycerine makers, who promptly =d 1 1 U: M 1 > 1 1 1 1 1 M 1! r E 1 1 1 1 1 1 [ 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1! I M I ] 1 [ M; i 1 1 1 1 1 li > 1 1 f T 1 1 1 J 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 M! 1 1 1 L J 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1! M 1 1 1 1 1! 1 1 1 1! 1 1 1! I M 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 [! 1 1 T 1 1 1 1 1 1: t < M 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 r ] 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 II 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 Lr hired ten other doctors, each to experiment on ten patients. These doctors

Some stories never grow old throatfound noirritationdifferencecausedin thebyamountglycerineof and by diethylene glycol.

Philip Morris then took another flier IN THE GOSPEL NET in medical research. It gave a grant of

by Dr. John A. Widtsoe $10,000 a year to the department of

otolaryngology at St. Louis University.

Dr. Arthur Proetz, in accepting the

is such a story grant, insisted upon complete freedom of investigation. After working two

For mothers—for sons—years, Dr. Proetz reported that accurate

methods had not yet been found by a family saga which to judge whether glycerine or diethylene glycol caused more irritation $1.25 handsomely bound At Bookdealers Everywhere of the throat. His experiments showed

that different doctors reading the same?u i e 1 1 1 1 1 u 1 1 1 1 1 n n 1 1 1 u m n 1 1 1 1 1 1! 1 1 m 1 1 u 1 1 1 m [ u 1 1 1 1 1 1 H i h 1 1 n 1 1 r m 1 1 u 1 1 1 M 1 1 1 u 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 n i! 1 1 1 1 n 1 1 u i: 1 1 u I m 1 1 1 e 1 1 1 1 1! m 1 1 1 1 r m 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 n ii 1 1 1 1 1 i 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 f 1 1 r; throat could not agree, and that there is

570 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

LIFTING THE CIGARET AD SMOKE SCREEN

no uniform device for measuring throat variable factors in the growing, blending of tobaccoirritation. and processing that no Of

* # # large quantities can produce company

The commission has dashed icy water of cigarets with a standard content of Speech on these glowing claims. It regards nicotine, tars, and other harmful subPhilip Morris'socalled scientific tests stances. The truth is that all the leadSince before the birth of American indepenWorld incomplete, the newspapers of the Newas substantially the dence, and ing contain brands a farce—inaccurate,

of right a fundamental have championed and paid for.bought The complaint of tobacco grades and pay subsame

editorial of all The Speech. men: Freedom

.. cigaret that smokerscharges stantially prices. the when same

Tribune the Salt of Lake Sunday columns Morris, Philip nose and tochange tradition this with continuing are today Commission, Federal by Trade The is cleared irritation up. notthroat of opinforceful expressions thoughtful and falsifiers, chiselers disciplining and

it cigasserts, Philip MorrisMoreover, of significant events the bearing ion upon the to hopes on burden any remove irritation. throatarets themselves cause this of America time In war. day. the when advertiser help honest to avoid and him

of the for its defense the to in peace is preparing and answer company, The resorting to deception the temptation of founded, rights nation our the was which on insists that the experimentscomplaint, in selfdefense. has commission no The editorials proTribune the Salt Lake Sunday benefit sole the of the "forwere made gennational advertising quarrel with thought of constructive vide a background for adverprofession,"notmedical and

erally, in for greatly Americans. improved has which ditising since great the purposes. Yet

in responsibilethical years, recent both first test reported, glycolethylene was in selfrestraint. ity so it has and And salesPhilip leaped Morris'have annual

far quarrel Liggett with and had no to 12,000,000,000.from 642,000,000

Chesterfields, of the Myers, makers r\F course the answers of all four who have usually and wisely been conthat tent to suggest "they satisfy."Regenerally deny the FTC companies

cently, Chesterfield's radio however, their to justify adcharges and attempt vertising practices. But cigaret manuprograms have featured a number of

facturers must rely on ridiculously indeep southern accents who assert that Foreign complete evidence when they try to they have been immensely impressed by prove that their particular brand is less the way the makers of Chesterfields Staff irritating, kinder to the throat, or somegobble up their very best tobacco. The In its desire to obtain complete coverage of

how superior to all other brands. The cigaret advertising disease seems to be the world's battlefronts, the Sunday Salt Lako

ForYork Times includes the NewFTC explains that there are so many catching. Tribune

comprehensive news in its already eign Staff from press services. This staff of writers is a

handpicked corps of America's leading

nations from of the complexion current the PIONEER DIARY journalists, versed in the background and staff, the this write. Through they which

Sunday Salt Lake Tribune obtains an intifronts (Continued 533) from page the in war the gift presentation of news of mate tongues & many interesting of at the peoples and among onwar—another things said. were farewell to Saturday, Bade June 12.* in the features Sunday only found the many

many who seemed dearer to me than After crossing I went to sis. SesSalt Lake Tribune.

tent,life sis. sions'] with in the carriage &, seated spoke to Lucia Mary &

about their relationship, 8 I took M[argaret]Pfeirce], &c was & E[li], & my departure from Winter Quarters. made to rejoice in hearing them speak

start—oneIt commenc'dof br.rainingP[eirce's]soondriversafter hadour in Tuesdaythe gift ofJunetongues.15. The brethren call

the misfortune to break his wagon a meeting around a Liberty pole* whichtongue which was soon repair'd—we was erected yesterday, for the purpose

travel'd the 7 m[ile]s, weather became of organizing the to camp 8—judg'd be Funnies at night having 14 encamp'dfine & we (Continued on page 573)

wagons in com[pany]. I felt a loneliafter for partingness a while erected the west a Liberty brethren Pole on with my the reader can remember, as any As long River of the a white Elk and hoisted Hornfriends, the spirit consolation of but in Salt Lake found the Sunday flag comics to all nations, top, signal peace of as a and & onbank*Theits

rejoicing return'd & I journey'd with also to designate a place for public gathering. About Tribune have provided fun and entertaincollected. brethren 300 had wagons commenced The It is confamily. entire the for a prime cheer. mentgood into Fifties the Saints to organize Tens. Hundreds, and

reflect highthe comics that the Tribune cern to sent back Quarters messenger to Winter was A Sunday, still That's pictorial tarried humor. of hurry behind on those wished who est type who American June 13. The day fine—we

to join emigrating companies. the Journal History. returning to Parleymet comics outstanding find will such you why town—arriv'd first believe, the ever This, Liberty Pole was

... Pirates the Bugs just Terry [River] [Elk] the before Blondie and as Horn Several Latterday Saints. the erected Liberty byI

........ in later Salt erected Poles the The Jiggs. were Valley. Lake.Mickey. Mouse Bunny feelings peculiar very wereatsunset—my 14, is national day, our This June now..... Alley Gasoline. Popeye Arden Janethro'verily that the the seem'd Flag Day. C. LeRoi incidentally,Snow day—it.... Little Mullins. Moon Out Our Way. restedglory the of on wagdown God Fifties, organization into "Hundreds, and The......... Tippie. Skippy and Annie.Orphan..

to explanation correctly understood. be needs in the Tens"overspread number)ons and (21 others, many It neither a of count of the nor number was wagonsprairie. total the individuals, but families, of of of nor number

Monday, June 14. Cross'd the river, ratherto carryof arms,the ablebodiedhandle teamsmen,and thosecattle, whoact aswereguards,able

in service protecting providing perform other and and isthe swiftElk Horn, which a muddy, for the children. infirm, the and aged and women

raft stream, afterin therunning on a fifty there forty to as were Therefore as many uals twelve of the companies of "ten,"in some and thenoon—before which sis. Smith, Thompindivid- to sixteen journey hundred people making the present

captain: first First Spencer, 50, Pere100, Danielriage—weson], & Sessfions]had an interestingcame to ourtimecarweregrine organized into four "Hundreds"as follows: captain; Sessions, 50, Ira Eldredge. second

sis. P[eirce] & sis. Tfhompson] spoke captain.

Second 100, Edward Hunter, captain; first 50, Jocaptain. captain; Foutz, seph 50, second Jacob Home,

Brlgham sPresident advance Young's of company first captain; 50, Grant, 100, Third Jedediah M.

it Ft.pioneers In Laramie. was now beyond were 73 captain; Peirce, 10, second Noble, B. Robert Joseph

2 children. men, 3 143wagons, Presiand women TRIBUNE, captain. SALT LAKE THE SUNDAY

left Quarters Aprildent Winter 14 arrived Young and in traveled third the the Eliza R. hundred, Snow Salt daily the either Lake delivered within Salt 24. the Lake Valley July first fifty, fifty the hundred, that ten second of that of is Telegram, or Daily Salt Tribune Lake

thirtyfive individuals. group comprised which later There age, of 24 years Whiteside, Peirce 'Margaret greatest newspaper the West's family, in the with Peirce were seven persons whom of Young). (wife President MargaretAunt Young only.. r /2 costing each Sunday buy. J** y, Eliza traveled. Peirce, 20.Eli age Harvey

SEPTEMBER, 1943 571.

SOLUTION OF AUGUST PUZZLE Scriptural Crossword PuzzleThe Second Rejection at Nazareth

'A prophet is not without honour, save in his own country, and in his own house."

—Matthew 13:57.

For an Earlier

. ICTORY.

MORE

War Bonds HORIZONTAL 2 "And... went out from thence"Mark 6:1 30 "... hath done what... could"Mark 14:8-

it 48 Dialect"which haveof Easternbeen sinceAssamthe world..."Luke 1:70 3331 "and"and sitting... mightyupon anworks"..."Matt.Matt. 13:5421:5

10 "the thirteenth day of the twelfth month, which is 36 Israelite of the tribe of Asher I Chron. 7:34

the month..."Esther 8:12 37 Egyptian sun god

12 A city of Benjamin I Chron. 8:12 38 "but... his own country"Mark 6:4

13 Assistant... 39 closed he 4:20 book"Luke "And

... 15 he villages, the "And went about teaching"FOR BETTER 41 pi.) (F. The 6:6 Mark

42 foot twelfth of a One... 16 the "And when day 6:2 was come"Mark

44 Taxi 18 "is written with a 17:1 of iron"Jer.... 46 of Doctor Theology

19 solar Egyptian deity.. brother Joses, 47 "the and. James, and

great the 20 their right "upon of foot"29:20... Ex. 6:3 Juda, and Simon". Mark

21 "and stood up for... read"Luke 4:16 49 Snakelike fish

22 "whosoever shall do and... them"Matt. 5:19 51 Meadow

25 North River 53 See 26 across 26 and 53 "And he could there do... mighty..."56 23:21"drowsiness shall clothe a man with.. Prov. 6:5 Mark

in Sinai Arabia"is mount Gal. 4:25 "For this... 28 "What... is this which is given unto him"58

.".. in their 59 Matt. 13:54 them "he taught Mark 6:2

29 Topographical Engineer Our text is 2, 4, 21. 22, 38. 39. and 59 combined

VERTICAL

1 "Is not this the..."Mark 6:3 27 Whirlwind off the Faroe Islands

2 "where David himself and his men were wont 28 "From... hath this man these things"Mark 6:2

to..."I Sam. 30:31 30 Part of leg between ankle and knee

3 Sea eagle 31 Indian mulberry 4 Buyer's option 32 "and are not his... here with us"Mark 6:3

5 "let (F.) him seek peace, and... it"I Peter 3:11 34 And

(pl.) "laid 35 his hands upon a few sick folk, and...ed

6 The marsh crocodile them"Mark 6:5

7 Hammer of a gun 40 House of Commons 8 "and many hearing him were.,'Mark 6:2 43 Grecian supreme goddess

9 "Let us pass over unto the... side'Mark 4:35 45 Lover

CALL OR WRITE 11 Female deer 47 "and among his... kin"Mark 6:4

14 "gave it again to the minister, and... down"48 Field Officer

Luke 4:20 50 Loiter

; ask him"John 9:21Jke Ujederet r/eu/d ftredd 1917 PensFour fifths of bacon 5452 Recording"he is of...Secretary

29 Richards Street, Salt Lake City 2423 His"canmajesty... one cubit unto his stature"Matt. 6:27 5755 "thatSouthernthey statemay... into the country"Mark 6:36

572 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA: ) ).

PIONEER DIARY

(Continued from page 571 Sis. Sessions] & I went to br. Huntthanmore I like this

noon this day—this300 wagons*afternooncross'd overseveralat—tolder's, foundthemsis.I hadH[unter]long desir'dout oftohealthblessof the sis. met in a little circle on the sis. H[unter]—went into the wagon

prairie in front of our wagons. Br. I spoke to br. Hfunter] in the gift of

Peirce met with us—Fath[er] Smith tongues, sis. S[essions] interpreted,staid until sent for on business—we had after which br. H[unter], sis. Ses-

a good time, altho'the prairie wind was sions] & I laid hands on sis. H[unter]'s

somewhat annoying. Sis. Sess[ions], head & rebuk'd her illness 6 blessed her.

Chase 6 E[?] present. Receiv'd a let- I then sang a song to them & sis. Sester from S[arah] M. Kimball. sions] sang the interpretation. Susanna

Wednesday, June 16. When I left present & arose & bless'd sis. Hfunter].

Winter Quarters, Sis. Young wish'd This day br. Spencer's hundred leave 6

me to write a few lines to her. In commove forward.

pliance with her request I wrote the Saturday, June 19. Our division unfollowing der J[edediah M.] Grant leave the

in sight soon of the come that started [terday] yes To Mrs. Mary Ann Young Horn—wecomfpany]

Mother of mothers! Queen of queens, Near the place of their last night's enFor such thou truly art campment they found the carcass of a

I pray the Lord to strengthen thee man recently kill'd, and picked by the

And to console thy heart. wolves—many papers were found

[7 verses follow] which designated him to have been an from encamp'd Louis.—We Ellen, This day met Mary Platte the 15 m[ile]s Mary A. Officeron St.River—about at Sess[ions] fath[er] Smithies& sis. cross'd from the [Elk] where Horn. we

interestinghad an—sis. of Liberty the with The pole white flag 10 years winningSmithies spoke in a new erected waving was by the interviewtongue—Mary comfpany]

I Sis. interpreted.Ellen Sessions] & it that through preceded several saw FAVOR us—we call'd at walk, P. a Pfarley] distant. miles its FLAVOR conversation with a himtookP[ratt]'s—had 20. Sunday, mor. This heard June

family. to of his sang song Zion a—I the painful of a news it between combat bet likes You he so does andSis. interpreted. ions] Sess[

br. three another Weatherbie Jacob & & entire the family. For Break17. in Call'd Thursday, the June Indians. Br. shot W[eatherbie] was by fast Cup, roasted from made sis. atmorning Thompson's tent—sis. the thro'of one the Indians body, while figs, cereals, beans, soy and sis. forSmith Sess[ions]. present—sent endeavoring to prevent them robbing

is for honey, sis.br. in good you tongues. and After spoke Lawson his brethren 2 wagon. Those been had

I left, it too!Sess[ions] for sang he song breakTry a GOOD, & & sent to busiback Quarters Winter on

Sis.interpreted. also fast, sang T[hompson] lunch, or dinner or... ness, at the of the entime were &

I br. interpreted.... L[awson] went& for the drink hot just before - counter about side *ne other 73/2 on ms

sis. in with herhome retiring. S[essions]—wrote ill [Elk] the health Horn. today, Mylittle sis. to Pratt. book not able to the attend general meeting,

treat Friday, of a June 18. Had NOT RATIONED sis. a but Sessions, Chase, &c, with met

sis. Sis.spirit in the wagon. Moore & br. us at Peirce's wagons, a had & we

aft. atIn p[rese]nt. theSessions] rejoicing time.

tended meeting at sis. Beaches'—most which BREAKFAST CUP of encampment br. Pratt's fam[ily]of pr[esen]t—had weOurcommencedmanner last night is by joining Contains no refreshing time.a

the wagons in a circle, so as to form a caffeine earlier, similar "Describing the scene—an from move for the herd; yard each hundred by to PisgahMount Quarters—Winter Wilford Wooditself.ruff wrote: Made by the

carriage hill the top "I in of the stopped a on my 21. makers artillery of does June The

I rolling prairie of amidst where an had extended RUSKETS not all not about the Br. inview Saints journey. me. coming do oLomaMnda Monday,arrive—we

all hills directions prairies dales, from I andbeheld groves and FOODS died Weatherbie yest[erday].with their flocks, wagons, the herds, and thouby

sands. It looked like the movements of a nation."(To be continued)

* A NATION'S HEALTH * IS A NATION'S STRENGTH THE FIELDS OF McKAY ( Continued from page 53 1 Through the years we read further weather at Huntsville was more severe of good crops and bad, depending on From the fjords of Norway than ever experienced in the regions of the fortunes of weather in this valley, firsteternal ice the snow. and day On of but are assured that it could we produce

the spell 19th) the cold mercury (January richly of "oats, barley, wheat, potatoes, in the frozen the thermometer temwas and... in THf GOSPEL vegetables and of the hardier kindsperature been must have 60 below down m fine also apples, beets, sugar peas, etc."zero. their Children ears, fingers had and by Dr. John A. Widtsoe

toes frozen in going a distance of a few crop of good hay a and 1865—Arods to school. fair moves dramatically half way yield of oats but was gathered, early an and

learn the also that people of HuntsWe frost heavy the damaged wheat, so that 'round the world.

ville are in general condition. All good the little fit for gathered was use. family

instituted associations for the improvement $1.25of are doing the community much good and 1866—Flying grasshoppers did some

a circulating library is of special benefit to damage to fall crops. They deposited their

all classes. A late visit to the settlement eggs, and for the seven succeeding years the An Improvement Era Publication

settlement continued troubled to be with President greatlyby Woodruff was apthese invaders of the rights of farmers. In On Sale at Bookdealerspreciated instructions as the the given by

venerable apostle were of an intensely inmany instances they destroyed every living Everywhere teresting character. Deseret News, 32:49. (Continued on page 574)

SEPTEMBER, 1943 573.

THE FIELDS OF McKAY ( Continued from page 573 ) various range land and farm properties green thing on some men's farms, while in the Ogden Valley. To the four living

others fortunate to save a porwere enough girls of the family, R. Mrs. Joseph

raised others full crops. tion and Hill, Morrell, Mrs. Mrs. Joel George R.

1867—February 1: We are having a Ricks, and Mrs. Thomas B. Farr, he

far, this for valley. thus very winter mild left equities other of equal value—and inches eighteen are There about now left all jointly the the old family of to he

it level; the today snowing began on snow the that stands rock between home it is raining, again; present at with some

sleet... We have a good school, well attwo segments of highway that run

tended. The people begin to feel the imthrough Huntsville.

portance of education; may that spirit inTo the original storyand-a-half stone

crease. The meetinghouse has been built structure (successor to the earlier log

lived altogether donation. I never in a by shelter that cabin them first gave much

liberality there where community more was eight include to added, has been now) in In erected donation. our poverty have we

the walls and inclosed a building that, sleeping apartments and four kitchens when finished, will cost not less than $10,000. and bathrooms. Here each year gather

The people feel united and are trying to the McKays, children, grandchildren, keep up with the spirit of the times. Des* and greatgrandchildren of the original

etet News, 16:49. Huntsville founder of the family—once 1869—In the spring of 1869 a cooperaalways on the third day of May, the

tive store was organized in Huntsville, with birthday of their father; and once alabout $700.00 worth of stock subscribed. ways on August 28, the birthday of

. Francis went A. Hammond their

east States to in October, the a mission.. onPresident can be mother,found—toand atrenewsuch othertheir owntimesasas the to of 1869, agreeable appointment

church authorities... James Hawkins and sociations and to give their children and

wife likewise went on a mission to the their children's children something of

Sandwich Islands.... George Halls taught the cherished traditions which have

the district school at Huntsville. When he held this family so long together.

was absent Wm. S. Lish and David McKay

took charge of the school. Tf you were to go to Huntsville today,

perthe at presiding or priesthood or twice 1887 perhaps once a week is for in partnership 1887-—In BUSINESS

held series meetings of Huntsville a prayer if official pressure oftener the of haps Victory! subcontrac- A dozen in different families resulted which among office First Presithe duties in the of

tors in states as must make many largest grain ever crops good. The much in permitted, be likely dency would you

this in Huntsville harvested were known the parts that build bombers. in or the of hours grain of being bushels 63,000 year, about

lo.ts travel of do must They the any on—andthe raised; of also potatoes the earlierevening—or morningholiday—to a good crop was

it. This means that the Hotel Utah gathered which commanded 40 cents per find in working clothes a tall, broadmust house, feed and furnish a base bushel in the market. shouldered gentleman grooming a horse,

riding of water, or turning stream or a yield in Huntsville, of grain of operations a constantly for mov1888—The rake. or or a plow, O. mower, in a a David to bushels; the po50,000 amounted ing production number of war is farmer, gentleman and a a men. tato1888, McKay prices also but good, very crop was

We are privileged to render this were so low that it did not pay to haul them but not the usual gentlemanfarmer essential service 'to war industries, to Ogden. The farmers found it more to variety. These fields, the fields of Mctheir to keep advantage good cows cherished youth, has and he from and Kay, despite trained fewer and workers chickens, as butter eggs found and a ready into of goes making work much his own

it supplies. shorter has However, sale in the market. potatoes, Peas, seed and them produce.

become necessary to eliminate or 1899—The grain crop of Ogden Valley hay are the crops this year. Four work

restrict many of our normal peacein 1899 was almost an entire failure, it behorses and a saddle horse eat more of ing that frozen badly shrunk and so the the enoats services. than they are and time hay It has also become

millers to flour refused for exchange it. Two is titled that of this a weakness to—but that reservations imperative be made raised. crops of alfalfa Deseret were

and confirmed in advance of your News, October 19, 1899. gentlemanly farmer. He has dispensed

with the services of otherwise capable visit. For your understanding and President McKay—Gentleman.. hired men for not "understanding"his

cooperation in these trying times, we and Farmer animals, and has tolerated other send you our sincere thanks! faults if they "knew"his horses, and

'T'hus A the runsyearsa fromsamplingthe offarmsthe yieldand theof histreatedown themcolts, accordingly.always withoutHeviolence,breaks

fields, and from the lives of the men and will not have a horse that won't of andley—andwomenit ofis Huntsville,these same Ogdenfields Valthat itspasture.own choiceChasingcomebridleshyto himhorsesin thehe

Presidentabsentia—butMcKaywithstillstrongcultivates,hands—thenot in willThomasnot tolerate.E. McKay tells some stories

fields of his father, the fields of his boyof his elder brother that belie some

including sleeping boys, that horse hood,daybreak—where things began stirring at traditional Scotch traits. One is of a good was eating horse—a kindly but commanding roused by the little for it. very and doing good hay

voice of Father McKay. Work was When President McKay went on his

long and hard in those days at the house worldwide mission of visitation for the of McKay, but time was taken out for church in 1922, it was suggested to him church and school, for prayer and by Thomas E. that he first sell some of

books, and for baseball, riding, and his surplus animals, which he declined skirmishes with other boys. to do. He had reared them and cherIn 1917, when David McKay, senior, ished them; they were his; they weren't

finished the full days of his life, he left just horses. Finally, by letter, he did

to the four McKay brothers, David O., authorize the sale of one Star by name,

Thomas E., Morgan, and William, which horse Thomas E. accordingly

574 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THE FIELDS OF McKAY addressed—David Lawrence McKay,

eldest son of President McKay, whom he awoke to receive his father's message, which read: "Caesar in chicken

coop. Water him!"

President McKay habitually arrives at his office at an unusually early hour in the morning—but even before that

he is often likely to have traveled the

Lake—andfortyodd milesmay fromyet returnHuntsvilleto Huntsvilleto Salt

in the late afternoon or evening to don old clothes, to plow, to plant, to water, to harvest, unmindful of weather or work. Thrown one day from the seat

of a plow by unexpected contact with a buried stump, he fell flat on his back in a wellfilled ditch. Ignoring the wet,

and later questioned about the unwisdom of having continued his work in wet clothes, he said with goodnatured sharpness, "Is that story all over the valley already? I let them dry on me so

I wouldn't catch cold!"

In the original division of their heritage the McKay brothers drew lots.

Various parcels of land have changed hands among them since that time but only among them!—The clan of McKay

{Photograph Courtesy "Desecel News"] still hold the birthright that came to fields father. of their returning disposed home of. Upon "THE HOUSE OF McKAY,"'HUNTSVILLE, UTAH, them—the

1943. AUGUST, fields in a strange in Huntssaw Star And so the McKay President McKay

field looking, as he imagined, a little ville are tilled, now, with the shortage "homesick."As she was trustworthy night on the northbound train he began of manpower, not infrequently with the

for children to ride, and with little other to worry about that boar. Sometime help of his neighbors, Dale and Harold

use for her in mind, he bought her back near two a.m. the phone rang at the Newey and other friends, but alfor full price, and put her back on his McKay home in Huntsville. Thomas E ways with much of the personal labor

frequent"hayroll."of President supervision there one of his and on was who

got homestead, old up and at the he counsels—"TillDavid O. At another time, en route to an asstays who, when McKay,

signment in the north, President Mcanswered it, and was advised that there your lands; keep your birthright; cherKay characteristically rushed from Salt was a telegram for David McKay. He ish your farms and fields; never remove

Lake to Huntsville by car before Ogden reported that David McKay was probyourselves too far from the soil"—is not

train time. There he found that a ably by now in Montana. A delay enpreaching words without substance. He

boar, Caesar by name, had broken out sued, and then the operator reported is speaking what he knows and does.

of the pen. With minutes to spare, the that this was from Montana; and so They love their land because it is their

boar was rounded up and put into an Thomas E. took the message. Having own,

idle chicken coop for keeping until the heard it he told the operator to wait and And scorn to give aught other reason pen could be repaired. During the repeat it to the person to whom it was why.

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS

( Concluded from page 545 The quibbler about the use of the Enoch or the United Order. The Latour full earned income. If the nature of revenues of the church is usually a terday Saints have not yet attained to

a business requires special interpretapart or nontithe payer. The faith that a degree of perfection enabling them to

tion, the tithe payer should consult the leads to such voluntary contribution inlive under this more comprehensive law.

father of his ward, the bishop. cludes faith in the other principles of Until that time comes the Lord requires the gospel; including trust in the chosen obedience to the law of tithing—an

When tithing has been paid, there and sustained servants of the Lord. equitable law under which the widow's

should be no question about its use. mite counts for as much as the rich

paid Tithing should be all of as leaders sustained theThey who are memagents of authorized all offerings to the returnthe church honest the church—theonly to the man'sbers ofthousands.the church Whenare full and

bishopric, presiding of bishops wards, tithfor for tithe purposes.people various payers, to look begin The we may

presidents of mission branches and it for possibleing the of people the the conof of establishment makes law it presidents. Technically, should be endutiesthe the secration. carry to out the reestabchurch Lord Then may

is, in kind. paid the farmer That would it lish intrusted the developthe to higher law. Lord the by

his herds, the profesgive of crops and salvation. divine It is of the thouof plan invariable testimony ofment the By

revelation the tithes of the people are sional man of his cash income. Howsands that obedience to this law of

transportation, ever, inconveniences of tithing the the happiness, presidency the brings ofadministered unalloyed by storing, disposition, and sometimes life, of assisted the thechurch, council the of solve a problems to by power it losses, permissible causing make and bishopric. presiding the All to covenant shouldtwelve nearness God. and

all desirable tithing to pay in often has exercise in individually care the prayerful Lord withThese men who cash. all life It tithing. that have, withthe is disbursed use of given us and we we

scrupulous care, for it is sacred. No Tithing is a lesser law. The greater will obey all his laws, including the

moneys in all the world are more honand more perfect law is the law of conlaw of revenue. Let us trust the Lord.

estly administered. secration, also known as the Order of He will not fail us.—/. A. W.

SEPTEMBER, 1943 575 Perfect Cose Salute to Marvin Smith Tourist: "I clearly had the right of way when this man ran

THEhelpedEra feelsfaithfullykeenlyandthewellloss inoftheMarvineditorialSmithdepartmentwho has intoPoliceman:me, and still"Youyou certainlysay I'm toare."blame."

for the past two years. He has been called into the Tourist: "Why?"

United States armed forces, where we know he will Policeman: "Because his father is mayor, his brother is chief

serve equally well. The Era staff wishes him Godspeed of police, and I'm going with his sister."

and a quick return.

"Absence Makes the Heart""The Smiths seem to be getting along better these days."

The Civil War "Yes—he visited his old home town last month and saw the

Dear Editor: Hartsville, S. C. girl he was in love with twenty years ago."

of things complaints appreciated in the you Era that read

I right. aren't be Breaking It Gently Here is one which should think the people

considered, I think. It has been discussed by numbers of people "Mrs. Upton's pet dog has been run over; she'll be heartto my knowledge, even in organizations. It is the writeup broken."

you published about General Sherman (February, 1943, page "Don't tell her abruptly."

78). You must remember the Era is nationwide and comes "No, I'll begin by saying it's her husband."

here in the South where he marched through and killed and animals. unnecessarily, burning even killing and destroyed

their their parents, Enlarger hardships, older folks still remember The especially. Mrs. Gabber: "Doctor, why does a small cavity feel so

I am a member myself and it didn't bother me, but if I weren't large to the tongue?"

a member and had read the writeup, I would have never Dentist: "It's just the natural tendency that your tongue has

read the Era again. The Southerners know more about Gento exaggerate, I suppose!"

eral Sherman than might be considered.

Thank you, A Member Hand Him the Moon "What is a debtor, pa?"

Proofing the Proofreader "A man who owes money."

to it seems, from the judge reads humor page EVERYONE the "And"The manwhatwhois a creditor?"thinks he's going to get it."

the the repetition reporting of "get"returns word scores of to stutter. wasn't supposed "Bright in the joke Boy"—who

for about Parental Proof there, however, stop didn't we learned Readers (is scripture cormisquotations ever quoted scripture several Daughter: "But, dad, don't you believe that two can live

puzzle, in the crossword our use rectly?), wrong references of as cheaply as one?"

martialed for marshalled (p. 402), faulty syllabication, and a Dad: "Why, sure; here are your mother and I living a lot number of factual errors—such as having had President Edward cheaper than you are."

J. Wood succeed C. O. Card as president of the Alberta Stake

Allen. actually succeeded Heber S. he when

the of "Proofing Proofreader,"book Hard to Account For last month July, For awards have gone to the following wideawake readers, first Bessie: "Men sure are funny critters."

from various parts of the country to report: Jessie: "What makes you think so now?"

Bessie: Louisiana; here's Dayton, Baton Rouge, in "Well, Leo Herbert, the a story T. Harvey, Douglas paper about a man who

Pitcher, Glengrove, Mrs. H. Palmyra, NewOhio;York; Samuel W. kissed in five his wife years, shot but did."he a man who Calihadn't Inglewood, Ethel Alberta; S. Dent, Piepgrass, Raymond, Ontario; J.HenryFerguson,

fornia; Lorraine Ford. Centerville, Utah; Loa M. Wilson, Colonia Pacheco,

Chihuahua, Mexico; Mrs. Charles Geurts and RoMay O. Richards, Salt Lake Puzzled

City.

A number of additional awards have been made to get even "What are ancestors, pop?"

wider distribution in this final, muchenjoyed orgy of error- "Well, I'm one of your ancestors, son. Your grandfather is

finding. Our thanks to all who participated, especially to those another."

who tried several times, only to find someone had beat them "But why do people brag about them?"

to the mail box.

Depression Answer to Query "Those sausages you sent me were meat at one end and

Some of our readers have noticed the differences in recent bread at the other."

issues of our magazine with issues of a year ago. The "Yes, ma'm. In these hard times it's difficult to make both

changes have been made in conformity with a ruling by the ends meat."

War Production Board which has curtailed the use of paper in periodicals. Prowls, Too

To comply with the ruling to conserve paper, we have cooperated by using a lighter weight paper, and by using slightly Mrs. Dark: "Does your husband have a den?"

reduced type. The editors of the Era felt that the messages to Mrs. Conant: "No. He growls all over the house."

the church must not be decreased in number, and that by making these changes we could cooperate with the government Still Lost in the emergency and at the same time serve the needs of our readers. Son: "Say, pa, the teacher asked me to find the great common divisor."

Merry Christmas Pa: "Great heavens, is that thing still lost? The teacher had

me hunting for it when I was a kid."

TheforPostsoldiersOfficeoverseasDepartmentbe mailedhas askedbetweenthat SeptemberChristmas parcels15 and Face Value

October 15. Packages marked "Christmas Gift Parcel"may

be mailed to soldiers overseas without a request from the Janitor: "Boss, how much yuh gwine ter pay me?"

soldier. Gifts for sailors must be mailed between September Tom: "I'll pay you what you're worth."

15 and November 1. Janitor: "Nah, suh, boss. I'se gittin'mor'n dat now!"

576 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

NINETYTHREE YEARS DF PROGRESS

1B50UNIVERSITY DF UTAH1943 The largest educational institution in the state presents a streamlined wartime program for the 194344 school year and offers courses in the following schools:

MINES & ENGINEERING EDUCATION ARTS & SCIENCES MEDICINE BUSINESS LAW SOCIAL WORK EXTENSION DIVISION

LOWER DIVISION GRADUATE WORK FALL QUARTER REGISTRATION DATES

SEPTEMBER 8- -ENGLISH AND PSYCHOLOGICAL EXAMINATIONS

SEPTEMBER 9- -ENGINEERING EXAMINATION

SEPTEMBER 10- -REGISTRATION & INSTRUCTION OF FRESHMEN

SEPTEMBER 11- -REGISTRATION OF SOPHOMORES & UPPER DIVISION STUDENTS

SEPTEMBER 13- -CLASS WORK BEGINS

Write President's Office for Free Class Schedule and Bulletin

- SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH UNIVERSITY DF UTAH

"Must"BooksTwo NEW

andEVIDENCES AND SAM BRANNAN RECONCILIATIONS THE CALIFORNIA by DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE of the Council of the Twelve MORMONS

$1.85 by PAUL BAILEY

A book answering 68 questions fre- $1.75quently discussed in church meetings, such as: A thrilling account of the early

How Can the Existence of God be trials and hardships of the Saints

Verified? who traveled to California, a thrillDoes the Church Receive Revelations Today as in the Days of the ing account of a colorful leader, of

Prophet Joseph? his trials and temptations. Order Now...

What is the Meaning of "Prophet, THE BOOKCRAFT CO.

Seer, and Revelator"? P. O. Box 63, Salt Lake City, Utah

What are the Facts Concerning Please send the Books checked above.

... Check orthe Socalled AdamGod Theory? These books are available at book SendmoneyC.O.D.order enclosed.$

Are Communism and its Related dealers everywhere, or you may order "isms"Preparatory to the United from the BOOECRAFT COMPANY, postNAME

Order? office Box 63, Salt Lake City, Utah. ADDRESS

Your orders will receive immediate attention aHBJMHi

I OUT OF TODAY'S BOUNTY PREPARE FOR TOMORROW'S NEED

As these mighty grain bins provide food for thousands in a time of hunger... so

the resources of life insurance can provide for your loved ones in a day when they may have to stand alone.

War Bonds for national freedom

Life insurance for home security.

IS DESMI i m&nmmjmmmjmmwAMm Heber J/Grant, Pres. Salt Lake City. Utah