/llmprouemenflLra

i S

g

jlMfkfflfL IJDUW SEE PAGE 578

wavitaw*"-

OCTOBER, 1940 RETtlBH POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

:.;; THS BEST ALLROUND TRUCK VAIUES MONEY CAN BUY!

<*nf International fiuniyr -ur the truckand Join. light.auty a m heavyduty next and "wiU farm, trucksA7 owners big**U l. the yean- n enjoy oj bi8 &"?* P fc over the the; your you give hauUng 1btctJingner ** for rrf be- s tJutruck for k byVviuingDJ; p That's. There of a aXlSrness exaP to and with road, how the fXtiooal loads en > orchards, organrzat o or this ( fields cause soft knows tough, the.term or anfor and trucks load -l< tougrough build gomg typ cowpANY to every adapted HARVWi readily or INTERNATIONAL Dealer any kind of SfIntetnational, North MiHW *—are There

torr:I* delation. BranchASkW

88KB8838&&&S8

r

"ggSSt?T!5

::::>Wix::::-::: -:::-:-:: Si5Si::::.::-:>>>x-:-:: >. vl-/v'vii.-

INTERNATIONAL TRUCKS.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1940

Should the Home You Build

!e Brick or Frame?..

The only difference between BRICK and

FRAME homes is in the construction of the wall. Everything else is the same.

HERE ARE THE ACTUAL FACTS! 1

THESE COMPARATIVE COST FIGURES were calculated by an unbiased builder, and are actual contract construction costs in Salt Lake City today. First Floor Plan

First Floor Plan of Average Five Room Home

(BiL yOMA.

FRAME WALL Own. QudqsiCONSTRUCTION

PLATE ANCHOR BRICK Studs—Plates—34133 piecespieces 2x4122x4x8....$.. 33.3212.78

Gable Studs—38 pieces 2x REINFORCED BRICK LINTEL WALL HEAD

CONSTRUCTION Vapor Seal—Insulation 9.54

951 Sq. Ft. @ 6.5—6181 Face Sheeting JL107.59

Brick @ $25.00 per thou- %xl0 Red Wood Siding.... 178.60

sand $154.53

951 Sq. Ft. @ 6.5—6181 Painting.-.. 60.40

Brick Common @ $12.00

.. per thousand 74.17 JAMB Plastering 92.25

Labor—12,362 @ $14.60 Fire Places and Flues 77.50

per thousand 173.06 Labor....L. 123.26

MortarTaxes—Social Security, In37.08 Taxes—Social Security, Industrial: 19.00 dustrial 12.33

Drayage i 3.00

Flues.; 77.50 Total..$707.57

Plaster, 123 yards....:. '... 67.G5

Gable Studs 38 2x4-8 15.63

1x8 Sheathing 365 ft 21.90

Rustic 365 ft. 23.38 MAINTENANCE AND

L. 3"x4"—K 112 @ 5.8 32.50 UPKEEP

Painting Gables, 32 yards....l2.80

Total..$712.20 Over a Period of Ten

Years MAINTENANCE AND Fire Insurance on FRAME UPKEEP.$ 116.67 Over a Period of Ten HOME

Years Fire Insurance on ConFire Insurance on BRICK ANCHOR PLATE tents 58.33

HOME Fire Insurance.....,:on Con- $ 100.00 Depreciation on FRAME

tents....: 50.00 HOME 1.500.00

Depreciation on BRICK Painting of FRAME HOME

HOME times during ten 1,000.00 three o;: f>':.-a '-!>< s Painting window frames,

465.00 I year period door frames, cornish

trim and 210.00

Total:.:...... $1,360.00 FRAME WALL Total $2,140.009"SOLID BRICK WALL

INTERSTATE BRICK COMPANY 3100 South Eleventh East Phone 6-8651 Salt Lake City, Utah

being used to a light beam is How 580 records? play/Hmprouement Era (Do yjoiL JOtoiuphonograph

'The Glory of God is Intelligence"

What scenes are frequently visited

OCTOBER, 1940 Heber J. Grant, Argentina?by missionaries returning from583

Widtsoe, A. 10 John 43 NUMBERVOLUME visitor eastern had to say an What Editors of examination firsthand after a

L. Evans, Richard affairs? 585 certain Church CHURCH'OF THE VTHE VOICE Managing Editor

greatest lies woman's Wherein C. Josephson, Marba PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE career? 586 Editor Associate DEPARTASSOCIATIONS, IMPROVEMENT MUTUAL

Morris, Mgr. General Q. George COMMITTEE, EDUCATION, MUSIC OF MENT for training homemaking Associate Mgr. Cannon, G. WARD Lucy How CHURCH AGENCIES OF THE OTHERTEACHERS, AND

Business Orton, Mgr. of J. K. of the problems touches most SAINTS. LATTERDAY OF JESUS CHRIST OF

a woman's life? 587

How far confidence can go in averting disaster? 588

we should read the New TestaWhy...589 JoJbJsL d QonismtbL ment?

To what extent "easy terms"may mean future difficulties in keeping

JhsL jdttoili (poqsL out of debt? 592

Comment from a Friend Heber J. Grant 585 WhatTemplehappenedafter its toforcedthe abandonKirtland

ment by the Church? 594

QhlUJldfL J>MdlJUl2A. Whether it is possible to "drink like

a gentleman"? 596

Woman's Greatest Career John A* Widtsoe 586 How the average bishop looks

The Kirtland Temple Defiled E* Cecil McGavin 594 when viewed by himself? 599

A Bishop Looks at Himself 599 WhatSaint problemsfarmers inbesetAlberta?Latterday600

and Communism Evidences Are Reconciliations—XXX. conditions in Europe have afHow the Related "Isms"Preparatory to United Or> and Its research?... fected genealogical 601

der? John A. Widtsoe 609 Whose lifestory reads like an

AntiTobacco-Liquor 613, 617 Priesthood: Melchizedek 613 Horatio Alger plot in a recently

On Drinking Like a GentleAaronic 616 published biography? 603

man, Ira N. Hayward 596 Ward Teaching 618 How the new genealogical plan will

Alberta Agricultural Report: Pageant, Idaho Temple The operate in stakes and wards? 604

.......600.. S. Smith 600 H. Merrill Region, J. LaRue

Agricultural Activities in the AlGenealogy: "What's the Use?"How many people have visited the

berta Region, J. S. Smith 600 Beatrice C. Evans.....601 Church exhibit this year at the

"What's the Use?"Beatrice CanMusic Page 620 San Francisco Fair? 605

non Evans 601 Mutual Messages: Executives..621 What novel aid one stake is giving

Church Moves On 604 Special Interest 621 the Church beautification proGeneral Conference Announce- M MenGleaners 621 gram? 607

ment 608 Explorers 623 BeeHive Girls 623 How actually misleading statistics dealing with "the average"may

SfiejciaL JwiWdLiu be? 608

Why Read the New Testament- B, S. Hinckley 589 Whethersidered communismpreparatory tomaythe beUnitedconKeeping out of Debt Ira J. Markham 592 Order? 609

On Drinking like a Gentleman....Ira N. Hayward 596 Why the report card may not reveal

the whole story of a child's abilthe Universe, Exploring Frankthe Book Rack On 603 ities?..610

Pattern, Lucia lin S. Harris, 579 Jr. Homing: One

Telefacts 580 Mallory 610 EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL

Autumn in a Western Canyon, Here's How 611 50 North Main Street,OFFICES:Salt Lake City. Utah.

Corner, Barbara Cook's 582 The Hogenson J. C.

B. Burnett a "Just Man, Daddy,"Jack 611 Copyrightporation of1940,the Youngby MutualMen'sFunds,MutualInc.,Improve-a CorSears -582 Index to Advertisers 628 ment Association of the Church of Jesus Christ

South American Ruins,.583 Your Page and Ours 640 ofscriptionLatterdayprice,Samts.$2.00 Alla year,rights inreserved.advance;Sub20c

single copy.

as secondclass matter. for Acceptance fcjdiioucdtu Utah,mailingEntered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City. at special rate of postage provided

July 2, 1918. The Fallacy of Averages Richard L, Evans 608 authorizedforThein Improvementsection 1103. Act of October, 1917, And So to College! Marba C. Josephson 608 for unsolicited manuscripts,Era isbut notwelcomesresponsiblecontributions. All manuscripts must be accompanied

by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

JjudtbtL, (pv&i/u, jwA6Jjo&tfL (pu%%IsL NATIONAL ADVERTISING

Stampede—A True Short Story James P* Sharp 588 FrancisREPRESENTATIVESM. Mayo, Salt Lake City

The Deep Unrest E. K. R. Turnour 590 Edward S. Townsend, San Francisco

Lights Burn Out—A Short Short Story T, ML DeBry 598 MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF

CIRCULATIONS Frontispiece: The First PresiDreamers, Phyllis Frye.....617

Fulfilled, Doctrine Delia dency and A. Leitner and Cove620 A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY 1:38, nants Puzzle....638 Scriptural 39 584 Crossword

Poetry Page 602 MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

STRETCHES FER MILES

it, youtlAjnwsvi&jL Any way you look at get heaps more value per galBy FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. lon with Standard: getaway

A new alloy o manganese and cop-... smooth antiknock power heattreated per properly is as... mileage to make your gasas strong as silent as rubber. steel and

A piece of the alloy can be dropped on money stretch! And with itthe floor with only a thump instead all the Extras you get where

of the expected metallic ring. The U. Extra Service is the everyday

S. Bureau of Mines, using a purer electrolytic manganese, has developed a thing.

of alloys including the one withgroup the rubberlike of noise abSTANDARD OIL COMPANY property sorption under vibration and others OF CALIFORNIA including one with low heat conductivity useful for pothandles.

An inflamed pancreas is likely for "habitual drunkards, Dr. Eugene

assistantClark, examiner, medical New NATIONAL CREOliT CARB found. hasYork City, The disease

is more likely to occur in habitual Gcod In Your Naioht-....rHt<od

drunkards than in those who occaAtid Frcm Cca?! T? Coast

sionally get drunk. The evidence for

the association between the disease <?\&

and alcoholism is based on the condi- (ikiT 0SA/feV tion of the pancreas at death in the cases of alcoholism autopsied at the

Bellevue Hospital.

A new kidney hormone, urogastrone, ** which is being developed, gives fSNCY PRODUCTIONS.

hope to sufferers from gastric ulcers RESERVED and high blood pressure. The hormone

is injected the skin under and checks FOR EXTRA SERVICE GETthe stomach. formation of acid by the4. li

Palestine, now largely a land of stones and poverty instead of the milk and honey of Old Testamenttimes, has reached its present condition STANDARDlargely through bad farming which perGasoline -Unsurpassed mitted erosion to ruin its soil. This

similarconclusion one that and a conSTANDARD TRAVEL siderable parts of African the North desert may have been manmade were INFORMATION SERVICE recently given by Dr. W. C. LowderLet our travel experts help plan your next motoring trip

milk of the U. S. Soil Conservation route it for you—send you descriptive folders. Ask any

Service. Standard Service Man how to take advantage of this free

service, or write Standard Travel Information Service,

An average of one hundred lightning 225 Bush Street, San Francisco.

** flashes a second occur on an average on the earth, day in and day—SI—n—n- "I

out.! TAYLOR JEWELRY A tree ring chronology running back NATIONAL** from the present to 698 A. D. is | COMPANY |used to date pueblo and other ruins. CASH REGISTERS This is the time to think of

Thus Pueblo Bonita, the oldest of the New and Second Hand School Rings and Pins. We

its ruins, begin buildingsouthwest had Sell Buy, Rent and We furnish can these you with j j Itin also found been has A. D. 919 articles. of Refinement $75.00 deand UP j J droughts athat succession extreme of

! Convenient I Terms sign quality us and makes three hundredoccurred about every

I Supplies Repairs and | outstanding an Manufacis to datingyears. of commethod The

i 1 turer. in tree rings overlap the throughpare THE NATIONAL CASH differentring stages at in timber growth

! St.! 162 So. Main REGISTER CO. timliving historic trees to fromgoing

! 4-8554! L. Phone Purvis, J. Sales Agent in buildings of datebers and known

;! 132134 E. 2nd South Salt City, Lake Utah prehistoric timbers. tothence Salt City, Lake Utah

(Concluded on page 580)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1940TEtEFACT WHAT ONE KILOWATT HOUR MEANS

TO THE FARM U.S.A.

GRINDS 0W * OF 100GRAINIBS. COOLSMUK FOR10 ONEGALLONSDAY OF pflfl5fvFOR M DAYS

GRINDS 46 AXE HEADS OR 8 MOWER foiNffi BLADES President Liners—

America's greatest LIGHTS 100BIRD

FOR SIX DAYS fleet—sail regularly POULTRY HOUSE

to the ORIENT and Round mirror to a photocell is converted

Exploring the Universe electrically into music. The jewel has

the World { Concluded from page 579 a life of eight to'ten years, and because friction the records can be of the small of leaves has found been "D ubbing times. a thousand to played

the rate at increase they which. 4 Similarly TO JAPAN, CHINA, PHILIPPINES give dioxide. off carbon

piggreen treefrog green has no HpHE via Hawaii, Sail San Francisco, from further effect there is on the a marked results color at all. * ment The green the Yokohama, Route to Sunshine along seedlings roots of of a very growth by

Kobe, Shanghai, Hongkong and Maslight amount of handling. from a structural blue overlaid with a

nila on one of the Pacific's most famous, 4 yellow pigment. Similarly a yellow

of silver on a cobaltblue enamel with President Liner friendly states, being stain to eggs prevent ships—a some Tn

gives a green. outdoor an swimming broad playdecks, A parts of the sold other United from

outside, stateroom every pool, high States, fresh eggs temperof low measurement are defined as "eggs irpHE food. varied Roundgrand amidship, and state."the laid within to of distant objects A atures an actrips, First Class: China $560, Japan

over $735. Stop $691, Philippines anyHPhe tensile strength of cast iron can greecuracyis greatermade possiblethan onetenthby a radiationof a decontinue where, going or coming. Then

on the next or another of these big be increased as much as fifty per pyrometer developed by Dr. John

smooth sailing liners with almost idencent by adding small amounts of molybStrong, who also developed the techtical accommodations. denum. nique of coating mirrors with aluminum.

butterflies largest in are the phonograph found photoelectric has npHE A MANILA DIRECT SAILINGS ** Indies. females of which the needle developed in one East been The

Manila is only 18 days away on these is replaced by a sapphire jewel which species of the genus Papilio have a wing fastest crossings to the Philippines now floats on the grooves of the record, spread of ten inches in some cases. The

offered by President Lines'chartered transmitting the tone vibrations to a males are much smaller and the pe- "City Ships."From San Francisco to tiny mirror swinging freely on an axis. culiarly shaped wings are brilliantly

Manila, 18 days ($717)—First Class, A beam of light reflected from the colored.

roundtrip. Hongkong, 22 days ($704).

Singapore 27 days ($821). Penang 29

days ($850). No Other service to Manila and Malaya is so fast. TEtEFACT ONE WHAT KILOWATT MEANS ROUND THE WORLD U.S. A TO THE FARM HOME

From New York or California, via Hawaii, Japan, China, Philippines, Straits

India, Settlements, and Ceylon, Egypt across the again sunny South home AtCORRECTFOR THREETIMEWEEKS WATERPUMPSFOR TWOALLWANTEDDAYSTHE First Class (rail fare lantic. from $1049

across America included), $1143 all the way by President Liner. Stopovers anywhere.

Get sailing dates and details from any Travel Agent or at 311 California

St., San Francisco. TWO RUNS SEWING A THOROUGH—MACHINE HOUSE MONTHS TWO CLEANINGS AVERA< WITH ERAGE* k PRESERVESTHE AVERAGE USE AMERICAN

FAMILY'S FOR 15 HOURS PRESIDENT LINES FOOD RoundWorld Service #1

Science ServicePictorial Statistics, Inc. 1-31

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1940

TO UTAH FARMERS Talking to officials of the local pear cooperative my acreage is just about right to keep me good and through which Mr. Clemens ships, I learned that busy and still allow me to keep my whole operation

his pears, are among the finest handled by the up to scratch. Every year brings new problems in

plant. From August to October harvesting goes on the pear business—a fellow has to be on his toes

steadily in the Clemens orchards. About 40,000 field to meet them."

lugs of pears are produced yearly—11,000 Bartlett, Mr. Clemens is a director of the Fruit Growers

17,000 Anjou, 5500 Winter Nelis, 5500 Bosc, and League, the active association of Rogue River Valley 1000 Cornice. All varieties are packed for fresh pear growers. He is also a member of the Oregonshipment except Bartlett, which can be either sold Washington -California Pear Bureau.

to the canner or shipped fresh. Your Safeway Farm Reporter

"At the present time I own about 40 acres and operate 80 more,"Mr. Clemens told me. "I figure

He's got ideas on getting folks to

EAT MORE PEARS "When pear prices started to slip during the depression I found out the three main things needed to make a go of this business,"C. C.

Clemens told me. "The first quality is—grow

per acre. Third, pears. Next, get good production

have enough acres to get large total production.

"I believe in good equipment—tractors, orchard

tools, a highpressure spray rig, and trucks. When

I first bought my equipment I worked for my neighbors to help pay for it. Good equipment And then we need good selling—all the selling

runs into money, which is why I maintain a pear help we can possibly get.

grower in this area should have considerable acre- "The Safeway people have been mighty coage to get full value out of his investment. operative on the selling end. A few years back, "Two pr three times a year I irrigate—I figure when an oversupply of pears was kicking the

I can get 50% more pears. To give the fruit opbottom out of prices, Safeway and other, food

portunity to ripen I prune my trees in the center, chains put on a nationwide pearselling camletting in sunlight and air. paign. Safeway stores in Medford bought a whole

—but"Yes,I sir,figuremaybewe growersI'm sort ofhavehippedgot toonproducequality carloadand soldofthemour toRoguefolks RiveraroundValleyhere. cannedWe growerspears

fine pears to tempt folks to eat more of them. haven't forgotten that helping hand."

During fresh pear season generous stocks of this good fruit are featured in

Safeway stores—and Safeway moves canned pears in quantity all year 'round.

Steadily every year Safeway stores are moving more pears into consumption.

This is one reason why Mr. Clemens can say to your Farm Reporter: "I believe

the outlook for pears is considerably better"

:::::.:.:..;

Hi, THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1940 U JUST Do You Know About OffCampus A Services of the MAN, Church University B

DADDY!

Visual Aids

Motion Pictures, Film Strips,

etc., Slides, for be rented may

use. school for By JACK SEARS church and Write

catalogue. itii AUTUMN Lectures and Entertainments I—I71 "Son,fatherwhatsaidareto youhis goingsmall toboy,be

Adult education lectures and mu- * * when you grow up?"

By J. C sical, dramatic and other entertain- "Just a man, Daddy."

for expensJust a man! How little did he realize HOGENSON ments may be obtained

es within a reasonable distance of what courage it takes to be a man.

daily conscientious sincere and Provo. What States in the United Nowhere effort it live takes to up to being a man colors are autumn more

father real only man. knew That—a in the gorgeous than WellsHome Study Courses his son. of too well ahead what was the ville mountains along road

through Sardine Canyon from A variety of "onestudent classTo catch the earnest expression of the village of Wellsville in Cache es,"which may be begun and comyouth, to look into the honest, clear

Valley to Mantua, east of Brigpleted any time of year and anyeyes, to gaze upon the clean, youthful their detry faces to understand and hillsides City. thickly are ham The where, are for available persons sucsires noble ambitions a and covered brush, with and, maple as to wishing study toward degree a livcess: That's worth approaches, the colorings autumn while—that'sfor or certificate, teaching or to ing. sublime. become are Colors seen

progress occupationally culturor is fascinatyouthful face always ranging bright scarlet from A ally. are to ing out all of symme. lighter through the we of "When shades

pathy with youth, surely our work is red; through orange to yellow and

light green. Then again, as one For information, address over."What greater happiness can

shifts his location, colorare seen EXTENSION DIVISION thatone experiencesomething hasthanbeenthedoneconsciousnessto make a bright scarlet ings from into the deeper shadings of red, through young person happy?

garnet the happiest purple. that days hear Often to hazy we Brigham Young

youth. the life are of of leaves days Happy As one Wellsville and

ascends the snakelike Sardine days, dancing days, jazzy days, adthe colorings Canyon dugway, brilliant. University venturebut in myandopinionromancenot thedayshappiestto be days.sure, become more and more

The bright background of scarlet PROVO, UTAH I feel that for one who loves his work is mingled here and there with and gets joy out of it the ages between patches of golden yellow of the thirtyfive and fifty are the very hapquaking aspen, dotted by a few piest.

specimens of dark green spruce. LOS ANGELES I ought to know about the days of

All of the hillsides within view youth, for I had everything to make are ablaze with color. Hotel7TH & LankershimBROADWAY me happy, and I have lived those youthauthority. years speak and Then by $3.50 ful In section, the drylake the Bargaining-$3.00 hills $2.50"No for those the reason about same I know scarlet, are Worry 1 'bright No with the drab

LOS ANGELES of manhood, the colorful young cliffs of the above, the variand Frank Wishon, Operator days friendof knowledgeseeking, years ous of shades of tan and brown the dried grass in the valley shipmaking, the years of bubbling enbelow. thusiasm. There are the other days,

too, when one is finding himself, rubone descends As from the sumgetting world, with the bing elbows i mit over the winding road to JWE OITEK all with but taking a certain bumps, the colors COMPLETE Mantua, A almost defy joy, the these are of not for doing days SERVICE | ENGRAVING description. seen must be They of of achievement, things, days days I Portraits to the Largest 1 Missionary i From is to appreciated. be the Such Catalogues too, failures, joys success, of and days

} Attention Orders Given Prompt Mail color in of panorama a autumn failures forare soon but days when [ western canyon. CO. ENGRAVING UTAH gotten and joys magnified out of their

St.! Salt Lake City, 113 Regent Utah j

true proportions?

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1940

SOUTH AMERICAN RUINS "[VTissionaries returning from the

Argentine by way of the west coast of South America have frequently visited the almost unbelievably extensive ruins of Bolivia and

Peru. Elder Sam Rudd has submitFallted these pictures which suggest the Time for

magnitude of an ancient civilization.

Top: Monolith in Tiahuanaco, Bolivia. (Elder Sam Rudd standing at right.)

Second: Wall in the city of Cuzco, Peru.

Third: Fortress in Sacaya Huaman near the

city of Cuzco, Peru.

Bottom: Puerta del Sol (Door of the Sun)

in Tiahuanaco, Bolivia. (Elder Jay Beus in

doorway.)

SPECIALIZED

LUBRICATION Enjoy delightful fall motoring with V BATTERY TEST your car in A-l con- / TIRE INSPECTION dition. Drive in for

complete service.. V WINDSHIELD WIPER

HEATER, LIGHT BULBS now1. and other items

MOTOR ICOOIL The Sign of Service... where

better service! FEP88,GASOLINE you get finer products and

Everywhere in Utah and Idaho

AMERICA'S Fl N EST OVERALL SINCE 1850 LEVI'S THERE'S A REASON—

Others can't imitate LEVI'S!

LEVI STRAUSS A NEW PAIR FREE

IF THEY RIP scratch CONCEALED COPPER RIVETS ON BACK POCKETS

Photograph Courtesy Salt Lake Tribune.

The first presidency of the church of jesus christ of latterday saints,

Center, President Heber J. Grant; right, President

J. Reuben Clark, Jr.; left, President David O. McKay.

iJtlhat 3 tl|0 Sorb hatte auokeo, J fjatte aoota, aub 3 muar nut myself; aub tfjounh, tlje hauea>ttb ttj? earth, oaaa awag,

mg roorb afyall uot oaaa amag, hut afyall all he fulfilleb, wtytttyt bg mine uum ttutre or hg ootre of mg aeruauta, % it ta tlje aame.

Jjl or beholb, aub lo, the Horb ta doo, aub the spirit beareth rerorb, aub the rerorb ta true, anb ttje truth, abtbetlj foreuer aub etier.

(Doctrine and Covenants 1:38, 39)

a

fTfc EDITOR'S PBGE

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

SOME OBSERVATIONS OF

Backfinancein 1921,and duringeconomicthe upheaval,confusion aofgentlemanpostwar MR. FRED W. SHIBLEY

came here from New York, representing the bankers, in connection with the indebtedness of with a salary of $350.00 a month would support,

the UtahIdaho Sugar Company, which was frozen, if not a better one.'"

its to market being unable to the company's owing betried to this gentleman they make had Now loss. himself without heavy sugar inventory He the lieve the of leaders were robbing that Church

was the vice president of the Banker's Trust Co., the people. But Mr. Shibley is not an easy man one of the greatest banks in New York—a very to deceive. His life has been spent in analytical

name. magnificent Fred by W. Shibley man—Mr. be—he before some, made by An effort was came financialaffairs; hedoctor.is whatHehesaid:termed"I amhimselfnot atobanker,

discredit arrived here, to after he and I the Church, in loans; of sense the ordinary making am

; its its people. leaders, and is into look sent out to simply the man who

Mr. Shibley told me that one man said, in subthe condition of companies that are in financial

stance: "Those Mormon leaders are a bright lot; distress,"and it was his duty, like a doctor, to

they are just getting rich at the expense of the diagnose the case and to administer some restorcredulity and superstition of their followers, and atives to keep the patient alive. With his analytical

gathering in the tithing for their own benefit."mind, he realized that the fellow who was trying

He said: "I smiled and stated: 'Yes, I had a to "stuff"him was not telling the truth.

practical illustration of how the President is robHe went through our sugar factories, examined bing his. people. I went a few nights ago through the books of the UtahIdaho Sugar Company coverthe most beautiful and elegant school of music I ing a period of twenty long years. He made out a

have ever seen in my life. I doubt if there is a detailed statement of our prospects for one year, two

finer one in all the United States of America. I years, three years, and made a very optimistic redoubt if you could buy the building in which that port that at the end of three years, at the outside, the

school of music is housed for less than threequar- company ought to be in a condition whereby it ters of a million dollars, and I enjoyed going would be worthy of living and would be of great through the school. I learned that that school buildfinancial benefit to the community here it if were

ing was presented to the President of the Church sustained. As a result of his visit to Utah a plan

and that the man and woman who presented it, a was developed under which the banks in cooperMr. and Mrs. McCune, begged and pleaded ation with the Mormon Church effected an extenwith him time and time again, to occupy it as sion of the debt of the company which gave it time

the official residence of the President of the to dispose of its surplus sugar profitably and pay

Church, and thus magnify the Church and have in full its indebtedness to the banks.

a place that was worthy of entertaining the greatShortly after Mr. Shibley had been here on his

est, the best, and the finest of the great men that financial mission, he penned the following warm visit Utah, and he refused to do it. What would and thoughtful letter:

it cost to maintain such a home? Not less than

month, if a to $1,500.00 $1,200.00 "it were kept up AspinwallOntario, Island,Canada Sharbot Lake servants.'necessary properly with

31, 1921 July Presithe continued:."morning 'Yesterday He

President Grant: Dear invited the of dent have to come Church and me

letter of the that 29th note your and I have have you invited him. breakfast to dinner with me He had terms. All the agreement the bankers with reached an and

but I had a previous engagement. The next day I can say is that you run little if any risk from these termsI

had another engagement and the following day I and that is the bright side of the picture. Mr. Love should be

his the to able of stock present out of sugar most on move to leave York, so he said: up had "Come for New

I hesitate firm assuring. seems market not on would and which

at eight o'clock breakfast take in the morning."and let the at policy sugar the present a sales market but go

I agreed. There was no hired girl there. His daughprices. If the crop comes along equal to expectations you

ter came in from the next house where she lived, and can finance it largely from your sugar sales. I have an abidin ing the future of the confidence UtahIdaho Sugar Comyes, fried the pancakes. a practical I had Oh,

of the with your and in Mr. Wattis pany management

illustration grafting the Church, he is of the way cooperation advice. and

living in a modest house that any ordinary man I shall say moreover that I shall {Continued on page 631)

WOMAN'S GREATEST

Thefirsthomeproblemand homeof lifea formwoman,the Iovsl, avudL adwul p&wsVi&wfUu ofa Iovsl whether it be her childhood's home, or that which she builds with her mate. The home, consisting of

father, mother, and children, is the for human welfare, and a willingness '"Phis article has been taken unit theheavenordained, ultimate of sacrifice to for Cause. His Obethe out the messages of of itself is butChurch. Church to divine dience The commandments

I. Conference A. and June M, collection ofa the homes, conand family. of actions the the guides The its vital plain significance anddition will the of these be homes are oldest the to youngest members will read be young women forcondition the of Church. Therefore their in attend active the Church, interest in this with wide day taughtyoung should tithing, be the womanhood their keep meetings, pay standards conflicting and of establish to homes. happyhow try to conof and Wisdom, Word values. questionable

In the divine economy specific duform to the various regulations of ties are assigned to the different the Church, not because they are members of the family. The father compelled to do so, but because

is the president, provider, and, by thereby comes daily and lasting "a hit and miss"preparation for virtue of his Priesthood, the official happiness. Daily family prayer is their work. They learn, of course,

spokesman of the family. His work practiced there. The members of by experience, but usually at a great

is often outside of the home. The the family lay their problems before cost of effort and tears. Many of

mother bears the children, cares for the Lord, and pray for help in their the ills of the civilized world may be them in infancy, and, because of her solution. Such a home ever seeks to traced to the unsound doctrine that

more constant presence in the home, approach the likeness of the Kingwomen will instinctively become sucnurtures them with material and spirdom of God. It is the nearest apcessful homemakers.

itual food as they approach maturity. proach to heaven on earth. Young women should endeavor

The duty of the father is great; that to secure the fullest training for their

of the mother not one whit less. Training for Woman's Work future work as homemakers. It has

Nor should the duty of the children been a grave mistake, leading to be overlooked. The happy home Cuch a happy home does not arise social and economic unhappiness,

is built by the cooperation of all unbidden, nor does it come from that in this day of enlightenment, members of the family. the mere asking. It requires derelatively few of our girls have been

termined, diligent effort. Even more, trained technically for wifehood,

Our young women should be it requires careful preparation. motherhood, and homemaking. In

taught the ideal of a true Latterday Such homes cannot increase as our day, the school and college are

Saint to establish home, and how until desire great should cooperators the of the homemaking home. we

it. solve That of the would most exas and great a profession and be viewed of knowledge more body A ofproblems youth. in less that the perience has gathered as a pursuit be picked been may

In a Latterday Saint family there up in any old way when a woman field of home life, which, unforis a constant striving for the best marries. Much marital unhappitunately, is utilized scantily by the

things in life. There, the thinking ness may be traced to woman's lack coming wives and mothers of the

and speaking are high and beautiful, of technical preparation for her Church. Languages and literature,

however plain the fare may be. At share of the work of building a home. history, the arts, and the sciences

the same time there is wholesome One wonders to what extent lack of have their places, but they have real recreation and joyous laughter. Intraining of women for their home value to woman only when applied

dustry and thrift are practiced by profession is the cause of the fact to the technical aspects of a woman's every member. Intelligence is held that in the United States there is work as wife, mother, and mistress

in high regard; ignorance is decried. one divorce for every six marriages. of a home. The studies involved

In such a home the virtues of others It will not do to say that our in preparation for woman's work, may be discussed, the weaknesses, grandmothers had no such preparanutrition, sanitation, home managenever. Peace, goodwill, and love tion. In fact, they were trained in ment, etc., rest upon sciences which

rule the household. Hate and unthe home as few young women are give high mental training and discikindness, and their ugly brood of today; and they might have saved pline comparable with any other subwar and famine and pestilence, are themselves many trying hours had ject in the curriculum. The probanished as children of the devil. they had the opportunities of today. fession of homemaking is now fully

Where there is no hate, there is no The old day has passed; we would on a par with any of the other recwar. Justice is ever present to not go back to it; and a new body ognized professions.

temper the difficulties of the day. In of truth has arrived, which, if propAs a Church we should lead in

that home, truth is loved above all erly learned and used, should enable training girls for their life jobs. The

things; untruth is abhorred. In a young women to make even more mother in the home should do her

Latterday Saint home there is a happier homes than those of the part in this training; and our school

living faith in God and in His plan past. Today, most women have system, maintained at great cost.

By DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE should be used more and more for

Of the Council of the Twelve this purpose. Every girl should take

home economics in high school and college. She would still have time

for any desired special training leading to a moneymaking pursuit. The

time has passed for a desultory education. Life must have an objective;

and women as well as men must fit themselves for the objective. In

the case of woman, the natural and most satisfying career is the home.

Accepting a Husband

HTraining for homemaking touches most of the problems of a woman's life. Young women naturally

look forward to marriage. The desire for wifehood, motherhood, and

homemaking is implanted in the heart of every normal woman.

Since marriage should be for eternity as well as for life, the acceptance of a life partner is of necessity a serious matter. Married

life leads either to happiness or unhappiness. There are, of course, degrees of happiness, but the young

women of Israel want and should seek the highest. That must be a

Latterday Saint ideal. Love must

be of first concern in accepting a husband, but even love must be tempered with common sense.

Temple Marriage

pULL happiness in marriage can be expected by a Latterday Saint only if she is married in the temple.

If she does not love a man enough to be sealed to him for time and eternity, she would better pass him by. And, if he is not worthy to

enter the temple, she invites unhappiness if she marries him outside.

Temple marriages not only conform to the will of God, but they help greatly in winning the joy that marriage should give. Those married

in the temple feel a responsibility that gives stability to married life.

The cares and worries of the day are overcome more easily by those who look forward to companionship for time and throughout eternity. The

simplicity of a temple marriage is of surpassing beauty. To secure a

civil marriage first, and later to be sealed in the temple is a weak concession to foolish customs quite unworthy of the solemn meaning of

Photograph by Homer Wakefield. (Continued on page 634)

* -*ks STAMPEDE riders were nearly A TRUE through some coarse grass. I looked T,he

of dust cloudschoked by great cattle. they trailed the beef The as SHORT athangingthe leaderout andwith wonderedher black tonguehow it

morning had been exceptionally hot STORY was she did not step on it; wondered

and sultry with overcast skies. if she was really enjoying that run

It was nine o'clock when the herd or just making out she did; rememarrived at the Powell meadows, By JAMES P. SHARP bered the time when she had helped

where they found feed, water, and boost me over the fence, to safety, shade. The main meadow was about when I did not get the required

threequarters of a mile long by onedangerous, but her desire to fight amount of head start.

of rain hit me. It seemedquarter of a mile wide entirely surseemed to have increased. A drop

rounded by a thick growth of juniper Now, she was a natural leader and as large as a silver dollar. No time

and pinonpine trees. A winding under her old hide there was more for me to get my slicker, which was

xoad topped a small hill to the west, downright cussedness than was ever tied on the back of my saddle, for crossed the meadow at about the gathered together before in one with the first drop of rain came center, and continued on to the east. place. You could always depend others until it seemed as if someAn old Indian trail crossed about on her to lead the bunch anywhere, one were pouring bucketfuls of

one hundred yards above the road and if she faltered all you had to do water. The road became slippery

and the two joined some distance was to ride out in front of her and and slowed up the cattle.

out in the junipers. she would come at you in earnest,

The man with the pack animals leading the bunch wherever you When open country was and extra saddle stock had stopped wished it to go. reached, about three miles from the

at one of the smaller meadows and On the top of the small ridge just meadows, I started in a large circle.

had breakfast ready when the herd to the west stood a tall pinon pine, The fast tiring blue cow followed arrived. as full of pitch as a porcupine is full me, and the other cattle followed

The cattle seemed to enjoy the of quills. It all happened quicker her, and soon there was a milling

feed and water and were quiet. I than one can tell it. There was a bunch of cattle.

went in for breakfast, ate a good blinding flash of lightning followed The rain stopped as suddenly as meal, caught my favorite saddle by a clap of thunder that shook the it had commenced. With the last

animal, and returned to the herd. very earth, and then flames shot fifty of the cattle came the other riders.

The other men went in for their feet upward from that pinon tree Some few minutes they waited and breakfast and fresh horses. with a roar like an oncoming train. then, that blue cow, mighty tired but

The cattle soon became restless That old blue cow let out one "baw"undefeated, started the trail herd out and uneasy. They tried to return and away she went to the east. for the stockyards.

over the road they had come. I had seen other stampedes and Never once did I think of the

Failing in this, they found the Indian knew one when I saw it and realized danger I had been in when in front trail and tried that. I was kept busy what to do. My horse was equal to of that bunch of running cattle until

riding from one to the other, turning the occasion. He raced across the the following day when we returned

the animals back. meadow on the old Indian trail. I along that winding road and saw the

There was an old blue cow in the had a hard time dodging overhangremains of four steers that had bunch that came from Nevada. She ing branches and trees and in keepeither missed their footing, slipped,

stood in about the middle of the ing my balance so as not to throw or stumbled and were tromped into meadow, and every time I went by the horse off his stride. Time was shapeless masses of hide and bones.

she would paw the ground and shake the essential element if I were to stop Then I wondered what would have her head. The men all knew her that stampede. We reached the happened if my horse had faltered,

by reputation as well as by experiroad not fifteen feet in front of that slipped, or for one moment lost his ence, for she dearly loved to chase blue cow, who, upon seeing somestride. But I had confidence in the

a man, whether he was on foot or thing to chase, lowered her head horse, and the horse in me. Many

horseback. Any time, anywhere still more, let her black tongue out times that horse had been put to the

suited her and many times I remem- a few inches farther, raised her tail test and never once had he failed me.

ber when she had made me put on a bit straighter in the air, let out anThe blue cow had confidence in an extra burst of speed to reach other "baw,"put on an extra burst her ability to lead a herd of cattle.

shelter ahead of her. Her long, of speed, and came on. The cattle had confidence in her.

sharp horns we had sawed off in I looked back at her and the onAll the ability in the world would the hope that it might quiet her down. coming, running cattle. It reminded have availed little without that muIt did in a way, for she was not so me of a long snake winding its way tual confidence.

U)hs (RqjcucL ihsb NEW TESTAMENT

By BRYANT S. HINCKLEY

Cearch the scriptures; for 6. It is a book for thinkers

in them ye think ye have thoughtful people appreciate it most.

eternal life: and they are 7. It is the companion, and has

fifteen of the minds. best reasons me. been, testify of why we they which

8. It is for the greattextbook theHereshouldare read the Testa- 5:39. New—John

ment. est intellects.

1. It would be a disgrace not to 9. It is the inspiration for the

his divine manthe except naked power of this highest to endeavor. readhave belong it—do not hood. 10. It small minority. costs is the source of the deepThis book of still the tide man, a young While

very little; it is the most widely dispopular opinion turned against him. His est and most permanent satisfactributed book printed, and the most friends ran away. One of them denied tions.

him. was betrayed him. Another He 11. It is universally of the purest a revelation beloved by those who

his enemies. to went over turned He it. perfect of life philosophy most andknow trial. was of a through the mockery He

2. To read it and to understand nailed upon the cross between two thieves. ever given. Papini in his Life of

it is the soundest education. To His executioners gambled for the only piece Christ says:

catch its spirit and to obey its preof property he had on earth while he was coat. his he that and was When If to to angel us an were come down willcepts exalt the individual laid in and taken he down dead was and wasdying, the our from ask world above and what thisbless troubled as nothing world of the pity through grave a borrowed is, the possession precious master a most work

else can. friend. of the spirit at the height of its power, we

3. It is the story of the greatest Nineteen wide centuries have come and would not show the great and wonderful

the center of is the he today gone and boast, of machines which we but we wouldteacher, highest, the the noblest, of the of race, leader the column and human the Sermon offer him the Mount. on princely that personalitythe most I the far within progress. when mark am

all that marched, that ever the armies I sayever men. lived among in the nothing 12. There is built, ever all that the navies and were Speaking of the of all holds books that sat, the mountainheap Master as a andall that parliaments ever the and

teacher, Canon Farrar says kings that ever reigned, put together, have so much, that is so unerring in in feeling, so rich How exquisitely and freshly simple is the notas powerfullyaffected theaslifehasof thismanoneuponsolitarythis earthlife. thought, so pure

in imagination,actual Christ of language compared Francis. A. with—J.all teachings that other gained ever have speech. of simple beauty so perfectWeinquotethe

isthe the of ear world! There no science It 4. fascinating story R. from is the most Wendling: George

it, art,in of demonstration, no no pomp full written, of faith, hope, ever toil, of trick carefulness rhetorician, ofno no student of no> phenomena, mental and No tragedy. tenderness, pathos, schools. of the and Straight asno wisdom an

limitations, close of observer can human his to the pierce preceptsarrow mark if Prodigal Son to Read, you will, The fail to the impressed be profoundly by spirit.the depths the soul of very All and Referring 15:1132). (Luke fact that Galilee to extraordinary the Man ofis clear, full full short, precise, holiness, of

did, needlesssay, ever never did he a nor this, says: Farrar Canon life. isof of daily images There common

fell thing. that sentence ever from Everyscarcely familiar object to or a scene the

his,- lips, his single of act has every and certainly language was in humanGalilee the of did day, use not Jesus which it significance that such immeasurable has wislove of so and a worldas illustration of glorious a moral some Nevermuch—such

for nearly as thousand years an two in few served so and dom orpromise law. moral Christ, {Life p. of tenderness—compressed

text, will inexhaustible long serve so and as line, touch words. immortal every Every143.)

of the picture is full of beautiful eternal as time shall last. It would seem incredible,

Referring to His work: significance. epitome of the.. wandering. All this indeedof manis aanddivinethe butpreacheris it notor philosopher,true, that nonopriestoratoror orpoet,essayno

ist, in in land, or age has any any yet literature as ever has such of love God, no is in a Here born an was who man all the his depths of casual sounded most equalled, of the ear as has such never man village, child ofobscure a peasant woman.

trust, saying? Avoiding, with due Christ, we heard. 339.) p. (Life of in village. another grew obscure upHe

the solemnity of language eulogy, mere and in until carpenter a worked shop heHe directing the attention simply to calm It 5. the teaches fundathirty, most for three then and yearswas he was

fathomless the depths boundless and range itinerant preacher.an never a wrote He significant truths ever mental and

life, the Galilean's intellectual of and power office.book. held never never an He He taught. place exalted the Consider the question not who-—is family. home. inevitable—who, never a aowned had He

it except frequent long in hold could and God, gives the scheme which man to college. never went put neverHe He

discourse with yet never and men say a It to things. proclaimshis of city. him foot inside be travbig a never He

needless find thing? not only can Weeled miles place hundred the two from that declares bechild a God, he of find something, is that but can much we born. hewhere did of never one was He deities, that race to of longs he a in is superfluous that teacher every other thethe things usually greatwhich accompany

ness. He had no credentials but himself. the object of His love, the center world has known, but what recorded sen>

He had nothing to do with in this world of His affections. ( Concluded on page 627

of black noses break surface, dilate, and disappear.

"That chap's wise,"he told the dog. "Soon they'll build a dam, and JlDEEP we'll get some fine pelts. But first,

we must kill that wolverine."

Followed by his charges, the Old

One plunged for the underwater crevice. His broad, flat body, so UNREST efficient in water and clumsy on land,

battled valiantly against the pressure of water as he ploughed through By E. K. R. TURNOUR

the darkness. Castor Fiber, in the

rear, churned his forefeet like an old river steamer. Then the black

waters changed color as prisms of A STORY OF PREYlight told of surface air. The Old

One snatched a long breath before and. joIcL ivi&dojfL anxL yaunc impud&wsLn&Atu cautiously raising his head for a

quick sniff and look around. Three

hundred feet behind him he saw the water pouring over a natural dam thing idly the standing and by man the horizon, Fiber, place colony the to a came tree. until the a colony waited He in painfully the the rock converged banks andyoung where swam beaver,c'astor fill their air of then plunged had gliding river along the of met, tumbling the sending colonywake again, leading close upstream them

intothe northern deep, pool. oval River Fore- a through down Muskwa to river the bottom. muddy slashed feet dragging, left shoulder, the colonyManitoba. His paddled

by the cutting teeth of the old leader, slowly, holding their noses upRising for air only when necestwinged as the chill autumn waters stream to await the next move of the sary, they traveled four miles beyond washed on exposed nerves. His leader. the falls before the Old One turned

bright, shoebutton eyes gleamed Suddenly, like the crack of a manshorewards. The sun had gone

angrily. Just ahead of him the black thing's fire stick, the Old One's tail from sight behind a forest of pine,

nose and dark brown head of his slapped the water. Even while the tamarack, birch, and poplar, leaving

mother cut the water in two ripples. sound echoed among the rocks the a faint glow in the western sky. The

Jagged tops of preCambrian rocks entire colony was deep in the pool, colony, weary from the forced miwalled the river on both sides. milling close to the bottom. gration, inclined to rebelliousness.

Castor flexed his broad tail, A swarthy face stretched cautheCastorriverFiberbankcrawledand nibbledgratefullyat softto swinging his nose toward shore, but tiously from the rocks above, keen shrubs. Then, one by one, they

before his webbed hind feet had eyes peering into the swirling water. curled down in dead grass beds until

paddled a dozen strokes, his moth- A trapper muttered to a dog beside only the leader remained, flat tail er's blunt nose struck him broadside, him: "Hmn! that beaver is taking curled under him like a stool, beady

knocking the breath out of him with his family to a new home."eyes combing the surroundings,

a loud snort. From a far hill a wolverine* sensitive nose alert for the scent of

It was a forceful reminder of the barked. The trapper's teeth snapenemies. So, through the night the

terrors that awaited along the river ped shut. "That's trouble,"he colony slept, serene in the protection

bank, for, like humans, beavers are muttered. "Carcajou will raise Ned of the wise Old One.

constantly at war—a war of defense with my traps."

against aggressors. But, like most The Old One did not miss the

adolescents, Castor Fiber was intrapper. He had guided his colony

tractable and arrogant. So far he through many a crisis. Only reknew life only from the security of cently, when the summer was old

the parental lodge and had not and growing chill and they toiled at known Carcajou, the gluttonous the winter lodge, Carcajou, the wolverine, or Pierre, the halfbreed wolverine, had appeared like a grim trapper who knew the ways of shadow, killing for the joy of feeling beaver and coveted their skins. his long, uneven, tusklike teeth tear

Although the water was running through warm flesh.

white and the current strong, the But to Castor Fiber and the rest

Old One held the colony to the midof the colony neither man nor beast dle of the stream, forcing a milemattered so long as they could reeating pace through endless hours on main in the water. Deep in the pool

a forced migration to escape assassithe leader left Castor to act as sennation that had threatened their tinel while he explored the waterformer home. His sharp eyes photoworn face of the rock. He found a

graphed every detail of the unfoldsubterranean channel formed by a ing scene. His nose twitched condeep, glacial crevice through which

stantly, seeking and catching all water gurgled surfacewards.

scents. The Old One returned to the millBy the time of the long shadows, ing colony and swam upwards. The

when the sun was dropping over the watching trapper saw a succession

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1940

JLhe water course had left one weakness—his inordinate desire in his cunning brain. Moving inches

no scent; yet, miles down the river, for mischief. Under its promptings, at a time, belly close to the ground,

evil stalked along the banks. It was he often forgot what he was after he crept closer. Then, gingerly,

a strange creature, smaller than a and turned aside to follow new with extended paw, he scraped a wolf but built like a bear. It skulked scents. Thus, slinking close to the circle around the meat until he dethrough the trees like a shadow, waterfall, he came upon the scent tected the outline of steel jaws and

purging the woods of weaklings and of the trapper and his dog. His the trip plate on which the bait

laggards. Its green eyes, deepset, suspicious nose warned him to inrested. He slipped his paw under

held sinister intelligence—the investigate. As a cub he had learned the trap, sprang the trip, and the

telligence of an underworld habitue. never to cross the trail of man, the bait was his.

It was an admixture of many anionly enemy who could match him in After this hors d'oeuvre, Carcamals, this dreaded killer of the forest. cunning. But he had also learned jou loped along beside the man trail

The snout was fox, the claws strong that man is a good provider. Greeduntil he came to a freshly killed deer

and merciless as a bear's, the fur ily then he followed the scent, staycarcass. It was an open page on

coarse as a porcupines, and the ing well to one side. nature's book which told him here

teeth as vicious as the wolf's. Carcajou came to a steel trap cunwas the work of man. He circled

Against his claws, the summer ningly hidden and carefully baited, wide, scenting, examining. Tiny

walls of beaver lodges were as paper. There was no scent of man; instead bits of newly turned earth, still

Until the winter frost rendered the the air was filled with the strong slightly damp, were plain warnings.

twofeet-thick cones impervious, no scent of castoreum, a beaver scent Carcajou unearthed trap after trap, beaver was safe from his tearing which dominates all others. The sprang them, and discarded them.

teeth. And nature gave the wolverbait was a succulent piece of deer Once, angry and contemptuous, he

ine one dominant design—destrucmeat; yet Carcajou knew the high tore at a trap with teeth and claws.

tion. rocks were no place for beaver. Another he carried a short distance

But Carcajou, the glutton, had Guardedly, every sense alert, he and dumped it under a blueberry circled the bait, nose sniffing the bush. A third held a small pekan

ground. Suddenly he became rigid. by the hind paw. He made short

He smelled man—a faint, threatenwork of this, tearing at the captive

ing odor that mingled with the punwhile yet it screamed. He left

gent castoreum. His nose transnothing but the steel trap and the

lated the scents and etched a picture stump of paw it held.

Now ready for the entree, Carcajou tore into the deer carcass. He

gorged until gray, ghostly shapes with great slavering jaws and fiery green eyes floated about him like (Continued on page 627)

CASTOR NOTICED THEM WORKING

ON A TREE NEARLY EIGHTEEN INCHES THROUGH, WHILE OTHERS SAT AT STRATEGIC POINTS, TAILS

CURLED UNDER THEM, ALERT FOR DANGER.

KEEPING OUT OF DEBT

FACTORS TO CONSIDER for everyseldom IN THE USE AND ABUSE thingA manand whoneverpaysusescashcredit,THEfamilyGOOD isnamea mostof apreciousman andposhis session. To establish a good OF CREDIT has a chance to establish a good

credit standing and financial stabilcredit rating as his reputation for ity in a community should be the paying bills promptly has not been retail at credit established the buevery of memberreligious duty of By IRA J. MARKHAM reau. never you know when You of LatChrist of Jesusthe Church Weber credit to meet College might need an emerSaints.terday

A good reputation for credit does gency. There are times when you

will the to opportunity use welcome the as It comes happen. merelynot expeities, successful training, and local credit refer- a bureau as your making definite plan andresult of a or money. in making earning rience It is therefore, advisable, to ence. the It as comes plan work.that that assurance gives reasonable This is listed that sure your make name It be must growth.result of slow in the will acquire time means you If the at bureau. occasion have you strengthened, fostered,nurtured, to or to loan the repay with which for credit conto a account open is to It asset whoan improved.and as they accounts installment the meet

it find to desirable venience or buy it period long over a developsever due. come installarticle the needed on some easily; It destroyed be years. canof capital or If individual has an plan, this opporas use ment an it usuallyit is abuse, to sensitive and seas deposit that collateral can he tunity to get favorably your name it justiis long as as continuesonly ability to his obtain loan, for a curity

all installments reported paying by extendedfied. should be Credit is increased. credit as agreed. Maintaining promptly a it deserve and to personsonly who

have wisdom enough to protect it. Building a Reputation good record will mean much to you. It is especially valuable when you

Essential Elements of Credit "Decause of the lack of liquid assets leave your present location to live that might be available as colelsewhere, for your credit references \\7hen you go to your banker to lateral, most people have to depend can be transferred to the nev; place

ask for a loan or approach a on a good reputation as a basis of of residence. You can never run

merchant to open an account, you credit. From the standpoint of busiaway from your reputation, good or

are judged both from your character ness, a man's reputation is judged bad, as it follows you wherever you and economic status. Your ability by past performances. go.

this rests upon your account, obtain creditto an you open When in Modern Methods capital, capacity, thecharacter, and fact, manner together with collateral. Your integrity of charwhich you have paid the account, is people endanger their creditacter is evidenced by a solid reputarecorded by the local retail credit Manystanding through carelessness,

tion for faithfulness in the discharge bureau. Most merchants and proindifference, or lack of knowledge of

of past obligations, which is prefessional men are members of this modern business practices. Many

sumptive evidence of good intentions association, and thus have access to of the older generation are still unfor the future. Strong character inthe records and can easily investider the impression that it is sufficient

spires confidence, but a weak chargate and find out your paying habits. if they pay their bills once a year.

acter breeds distrust. A tarnished The names of people in smaller localIn modern business, however, most

reputation in financial matters raises ities are listed in the credit bureaus merchants are not equipped to exembarrassing questions and prompts of larger adjoining cities, and they tend credit beyond thirty days. In

rigorous safety measures to ensure too are judged by the records of the most localities, when a bill has rethe security of your account. credit bureau, mained unpaid for ninety days your

Honesty alone does not suffice as A man is said to have a good repuname is automatically sent in to the a basis of personal credit. There tation who pays all charge accounts local retail credit bureau for investimust also be confidence in a borat stores promptly every thirty days gation. They circulate your name

rower's willingness and capacity to or when he and the store manager among all members of the associapay. Your reputation for ability is or credit manager agree that he tion, and each member is requested

based upon certain personal qualshould pay the accounts. to check the records and send in a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1940

complete report of all bills owed and grease,"some creditors are more a record of payments. When this persistent than others and thus you

happens you are watched very closehave a tendency to neglect the more ly and generally pressed for payworthy creditors for the ones that ment. The next step is to mark hound you the most. You thus vioyou "slow pay"and finally you are late the principles of justice and fair

labeled as a "dead beat,"and your play. Your children cannot help

reputation for financial stability is being exposed to the family strain, gone. Afterward it requires many and it sets a very bad example for

months and sometimes years of them.

in order to paymentsprompt Avoid Financial regain Ways to Building credit standing. highyour Difficulties

a good reputation is as much a matter of promptness as it is of honesty, for Tt is a tragedy when good, religious most people are honest but many are people lose their credit standing.

careless. It is extremely embarrassing and

Even though the bill is not just, produces suffering and agony of or the article purchased was defectmind and spirit. Such people are

ive, your good name depends on a not dishonest. They mean well and

settlement of some kind with the would never intentionally harm party you owe. Otherwise the acanyone. It is not what they had

count stands against you on the planned but is generally the result books of the retail credit bureau. of lack of a plan. Through ineffiThe officers and employees of the cient management of income they

bureau are duty bound to record foolishly overburden themselves what the merchant wants recorded with debt to the point where any on the books, and your personal feelunforeseen contingency wipes out ings or reasons for not paying the available cash and they cannot meet bill are not recorded. You owe it their obligations.

to your good name to keep the rec- A substantial savings account acts ords clear. as a cushion of safety. In times

The hardest debt to pay is the soof uncertainty we should strive to you debt"called where "dead horse regularly to create aside savings Photo by Harold M. Lambert. set for an article to payare supposed reserves. adequate

or equipment after it is worn out. ability to repay and merely hope that Budgeting your income and exDoctors and dentists also seem to they can collect. penses is the safest method yet dehave a hard time collecting for proMost business men are beginning vised for protection against foolish

fessional services rendered, particto realize that there is no profit in a or unwise spending. It is a means

ularly if the patient does not feel delinquent account. Until such time of helping you to know just what you

that the doctor has done him much as all of them realize this and decide can and cannot afford. It enables

good. not to sell articles to people who you to spend money for the articles

Any unpaid bill of this kind is still have small incomes and who are aland services you want and need marked against you and has a tendready overburdened with debt, you most. If you follow a sensible budency to mar or tarnish your good cannot depend on the merchants and get plan, you are prevented from

name. Anyone can overcome a bad salesmen to shut off your credit in forgetting a greater want when you

credit record and build anew if he time to save you. might be tempted to spend your

will have a heartto-heart talk with If you would preserve your good means for a lesser need. A budget

his creditors and arrange to pay his name, it becomes necessary to deprepared in advance of sales prespast-due bills in a mutually satisfacvelop sales resistance to the point sure is your most sensible way of tory manner and then pay all future where you can say "No"when you seeing what your needs are, and bills as they become due. should not afford more than your whether or not you will have funds

to pay. capacity to meet your obligations hand Never try to subon Easy Terms—Trouble Ahead

stitute credit for income. due. they come when A budget

7V nother prime source of trouble If you mortgage your future to schedule in the back of your mind is to believe all you hear over live in the present, the entire future goes a long way toward preventing the radio and read in the newspaper happiness and wellbeing of your clever sales and advertising appeals advertisements about buying things family might be at stake. An easy from carrying you away from comon the "easy payment plan."You payment plan is often an easy way mon sense principles of spending.

generally have so little and want so to get into trouble, as you seldom It is the plan of operation of many much that you are tempted by this realize until too late that you cannot salesmen that when they find custype of advertising. The things you meet all payments when they come tomers who are easy to influence,

need have a tendency to wear out due. It is embarrassing to you and they proceed to sign them up for as

faster than you can save to buy new your family when you begin to estabmuch as they will take regardless ones. A salesman, anxious to make lish a reputation for questionable of need or the ability to meet the

a commission, uses "high pressure"credit. All your creditors become payments. They work on the

sales methods. There is such "cutfrightened and want their money at theory that if the customers don't

throat"competition in business that once. They are put off with excuses buy from them, some other salesmen

store managers and credit managers and this leads to dishonesty and will be along soon to pick up the will often allow their salesmen to deceit. Acting on the theory that business.

oversell customers far beyond their "a squeaking wheel gets the most {Concluded on page 626)

J/UL KIRTLAND TEMPLE DEFILED

By E. CECIL McGAVIN

a hphe temple at klrtland had fallen into the hands of wicked men, and by them polluted, like the temple at jerusalem, and consequently disowned by the

Father and the INTERIOR SCENE, KIRTLAND TEMPLE, Son."—President Brigham Young. FROM PRINT AN OLD

so generally known by the oldest dom of God, stores of hay and straw residents in the vicinity that one were piled by the crude farmers, who pollution of sacred temples may safely accept them as being a whistled or cursed as they did theirTiie was not limited to this dispenfairly accurate description of how chores in the house which had been sation. The temple at Jeruthe temple was defiled when it fell built for God.

salem was the object of desecration into the hands of the enemy. I conFor a few seasons the villagers

and vandalism, and was finally so firmed these traditions with the auwere loath to use the temple during completely destroyed that not one thorities of the Reorganized Church, the winter months except as a barn stone remained upon another to who told me that they considered the for their cattle. The builders of

mark the sacred site. As a further accounts reliable sources of informathe temple had made no provision for

pollution, the Crescent and the Star tion and had accordingly instructed heating its large, highceilinged have replaced the symbols of Judah their guides at the temple to relate rooms. During the long meetings in

and Christianity at the shrine where the legends substantially as they are winter in the historic building, each

Solomon's temple once stood. The recorded here. Strange as this inperson had been expected to provide

Mohammedan mosque of Omar now formation may seem, it is rather comhis own method of heating. The

lifts its oriental dome above historic mon knowledge in Kirtland today. metal bedwarmers from the various

Mount Moriah and daily prayers to It was agreed by all persons inhomes had been filled with hot stones

Allah ascend from the ruins of the terviewed that a door was made in and placed on the floor as a footHouse of the Lord. the basement wall between two butstool. Blankets or quilts had been

In this age, when the Saints were tresses of the foundation and a genwrapped about the worshipers as driven from Kirtland, Ohio, their tle incline was spaded through the they sat through the long services.

temple fell into the hands of the ornamental shrubs and flowers to Small canvas bags had been filled enemy. The humble farmer folk who provide a portal through which catwith warm sand and brought to the

remained among the verdant hills of tle, sheep, and swine could be driven temple to temper the cold.

Kirtland to reap the rich reward of into the basement to share its But in the summer months, after

Mormon labor had no use for such warmth, while the palatial rooms the temple was defiled, it became the the of to suit the fickle the scene of used gay festivities were smaller above placea large of worship—a

cattle villagers. from the hamlet. were taken fancy of The served adequately. could havechapel

Except for funerals in the hamlet or It was related by many of the oldthe building when spring came, and times of public celebration there est residents of the dwarfed village the citizens took possession of the would be no need of such a large that when the inclement winter set house. The second story had been

place ofgathering. But in the abin, when the assembly room on the equipped, originally, exactly like thesence of the rightful owners, the ground floor was not needed for any ground floor—with its ornamented

community claimed the Lord's meetings of the citizens, it, too, was pulpits at each end of the room, the

House as their own, to be used for transformed into a stable to shelter choir benches in the four corners, and all public functions which the village the livestock of the neighborhood. the boxedin benches covering the

might request. The low benches were removed from floor.

In the summer of 1936, I visited their wooden enclosures and used The citizens removed all the furmany of the oldest residents of Kirtfor firewood, while sheep were nishings of the second floor, conland, from whom I obtained the folherded into the small pews in the verting the large room into a playlowing information about the defilesacred room where the voices of house, though the pews were rement of that historic building. The angels had been heard but a short served on the lower floor to protect

stories presented here are common season before. their sheep at lambing time. The

talk about Kirtland, many of them Upon the pulpit where the Lord second story became a rendezvous being told by guides where visitors had stood, and where Moses, Elijah, for mischiefmakers and pleasurepause to see the first temple of this and Elias had appeared when they seekers. Dances, games, shows, and

dispensation. These accounts were restored additional keys of the kingother types of entertainment were

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1940 resorted to. When traveling troupes rums of the Priesthood met in quoing is in poor repair; much of the interior

of entertainers came to the dwindling rum capacity for deliberation. Soon woodworkwood, and thehas sashesbeen takencontainawaymore forbrokenfire

town, the second story in the former after the temple fell into profane than undamaged panes of glass. Paint it

temple awaited their acts while widehands the white curtains disappearhas not seen for a generation at least.

eyed citizens shouted their hearty ed from the hallowed house and were approval. Partlyclad entertainers divided among the people as the And thus the Kirtland temple sufdanced upon the low platform where spoils of victory. They were used fered abuse for nearly half a century.

once had stood the majestic pulpits to repair quilts and bed ticks, clothIn 1880, the Reorganized Church adorned in white and gold. The ing, broken windows, and even to became interested in restoring it as

temple was opened to the animated cover holes in houses and sheds. nearly as possible to its original simpreachers from the camp meetings Soon after the Saints had fled plicity and beauty. They have spent

and revivals. Politicians visited the from Kirtland, the Church leaders a great sum of money for this purhistoric house prior to> elections and tried to prevent such vandalism by pose.

solicited the votes of the people who selling or leasing the temple to reThough its present owners have lived among the hills of Kirtland. sponsible parties, but all such efforts no vision of temple work and do not

were fruitless. At the time of the possess the keys which were restored

A few years later, the third story, exodus from Nauvoo a determined in the holy house, they keep it in where the School of the Propheffort was made to dispose of the good preservation. They even reets had formerly convened, was contemples at Nauvoo* and Kirtland. fused a tempting offer from John D.

verted into a school. For many While the Saints were camped at Rockefeller, who wanted to purchase

years these five rooms were used Garden Grove, we read from the the elaborate panels and windows by the public schools of Ohio. One Journal History of the Church: directly behind the pulpits in the

he front However, of the building. in the attic school attendedboy who trustees that the decided council The dethe to reproduce permitted laterof president the temple became sell Kirtwas the temples might and at Nauvoo

it in place portion sired a magandof the all land, United of the other A. property Church and States—James Garfield learned his three R's in that and help the poor Saints to move westnificent cathedral he was having

council that considered ward. The City. the erected York in New historic house.

benefit Saints to the temple be of no would Kirtland at had served The temple Even the outside walls of the if their private dwellpossess not they could temple did not escape the covetous ings, and when the time should come that its purpose and has ceased to be a gaze of vandals. The stone walls they should return and redeem their inHouse of the Lord. It was but a

it unjust secure they heritances, from would to greater more stepping stone and plaster covered with a strangewere fire, etc., effectually claims, mobs, more sacred the wherein temples than complete duplito all builderswhich wished it their in hands. retain to for the Church

cate, but the man who had perfected ordinances of the Priesthood could the formula had passed away. The In 1845, President Brigham be administered. The courage and

man who had prepared the plaster Young received a letter from one faith of the Saints enabled them to for the outside walls had asked the of the Saints in Kirtland from which turn their backs upon despoiled

Saints to contribute their broken we quote: temples and private dwellings and

they distant face the where West to glass pulverized chinaware and be everything doing apostates were The enjoy build and would plaster. the with mixedand injure the Saints. to could have China they They their fruits of sacred closets almost were cupboards labor—thethe most and of the into the Lord, and broken House

of God. it, of possession taken and were to denuded in an effort get enough trying1 to temples

farm. of the possession Church been a source of sorhave It must articles take material tiny containing the

to in the Saints to the West row in that china of glistened and glass St. Louis ( FebruLuminary The at temples former the how know if walls the sunshine as the were article 17, published ary an 1855) debeing were Kirtland and Nauvoo set stones. with precious countless

this containing information is spirit filed. the Pioneers of The architects, Engineers, designers,

all sought to learn the secret of the We called at Kirtland—found some revealed in the words of President

circumtolerably Saints considering the that learned good he when Young buildplaster the durable gave which apostates. stances, have and They many burned. been at had temple Nauvoo ing sparkling beauty. such When all Christ. the "rappers"and deny become his Lifting heaven and toward hand visited building, admirers the such of temple, the possession taken have They

they scraped from its walls large and they are no better off than thieves and as if looking beyond the sky he exsamples of the plaster that they robbers. claimed, "Good, Father, if You

might take it to their laboratories want it to be burned up."Later he

Tn December, 1882, the Contributor said of the burning of the temple: and learn the secret of its composition. Other souvenir collectors told of Richard W. Young's then I would rather see it burnt than to see it

visit Kirtland. recent the to Since to I thankful devils. of the in was hands off fraglong poles took broke and

fire. Previous of on the see Temple Nauvoo to found, not could temple the key be as that keep a they might ments River, had Mississippi the crossing to we his Elder companion and Young visit their to the of it to memento House over in the and handed Temple met

to standing turns obliged take were I see to Israel. of hoped the Lord of there only Lord. God are the Today

lookother's shoulders I each I left and not. it on did I was but before burned original of the a patches few small

I its destroyed being of glad heard when ing of the broken through windows walls. plaster fragthe upon The in, its fallen fire, walls and having and by read: building. the despoiled We still glass of chinaware it."ments and "Hell, said, cannot occupy you now

I to is here, built the temple want sparkle. interior When in the preserved found much We

if it Priesthood; the of for those maintain veteran the as described order same by of yards white of heavy Hundreds

it I rather see not be, this cannot would ceiling the the Saints, of on above and saw curtain for cloth used been had maad- built, into the and mountains but go the curthe wires along room, which main terial inside temple, the lowered of the holy in the there ordinances slide. tains to the minister of lower used one The

from rollers attached to the ceiling. three pulpits was strangely decorated with Priesthood, which is our privilege. I would

for build a temple rather than to do this the Protestant paraphernalia of a few of to a curtains used been had These feet. 1 their to trample under the wicked church, buildheld and an open Bible. The into large divide rooms the two

smaller ones when the various quoVourna/ History, October 22, 1845. journal of Discourses, VIII, 203.

drinkingOn LIKE A GENTLEMAN:

to JthsL Pte&idswL d cl otherI amsourcesgratifiedthat alsoothertonationallearn fromdisTLcdhmctL (DiAilltm grtpuoijitiwtL lemtillersof drinkare concernedas a socialwithand theeconomicprobevil. An article by Mr. Will Irwin

quotes a number of prominent disthe frankly tillers as acknowledging the in By IRA N. HAYWARD presence today of all America

Assistant Professor of English, Utah evils charged to the liquor traffic

State Agricultural College before and during prohibition.

Among these he mentions wholesale drunkenness, whipped up by the unscrupulous ballyhoo and unprincipled competition of retail liquor dealers, the increase of disreputable "dives"and liquor,DEARI haveSir:read with interest your pensing roadsideand—far"joints"more thandisrecent pamphlet entitled "Can in preprohibition days—the purYou Drink and Still Be a Gentlechase of liquor by women and

man?"Since it was obviously minors. Moreover, he adds, the old,

printed to stimulate your business unholy alliance between booze and and since you sent it to me without crooked politics seems, since repeal, my solicitation, you will not, I hope, to have grown firmer than ever.

object to my using an open medium If the national distillers are ready for my reply. to admit publicly these abuses, if

May I say to begin that I found they are really serious about helping your address* both informative and to correct them, then the temperance revealing? Your proposed campaign forces of America may feel that an

to make the liquor industry respectimportant forward step has been able is all to the good; and judging taken.

from what you say of the frauds of The question asked in your title, aging, of bootlegging even after rehowever, has to do with liquor as a peal, and of the violations of fair personal, rather than as a social, trade practices, no industry seems problem, and it is on that basis that ever to have stood more in need of I shall try to formulate my answer.

such attention. I am also gratified It raises two other questions, howand at the same time astonished ever, which claim prior attention.

that the head of a great national firm In the first place, what do you mean of distillers should publicly say: "A by "drinking"? And in the second

man cannot drink to excess and still place, how shall we define a "genremain a gentleman. He cannot tleman"?

drink to excess and still remain a On the first point your answer is good business man! He cannot direct and, in the main, clear. You

drink to excess and still remain a quote Dr. Edward A. Strecker of the

good husband! A good father or a University of Pennsylvania as saygood son!"ing that "normal drinking is social

Here is an indictment on which drinking,"and that "The normal, we see eye to eye, but what astoncontrolled social drinker.. merely

ishes me is that we who oppose the uses alcohol to relax a bit and to liquor traffic should find ourselves make reality a trifle more pleasant."

getting support from the ranks of Since this is "normal drinking,"the enemy. That there actually is a you are faced with the problem why

"drink evil"and that its effects, both never willing to make, either before such a harmless—even, it mightsocial and economic, are real and or during the late prohibition conseem, commendable—indulgence

dire, is a concession which, to my troversy. If the much derided should have led to the adoption of

knowledge, the liquor traffic was "noble experiment"did nothing more a national constitutional amend- *W. W. Wachtel, "Can You Drink and Still Be than to force an important national ment; and you reply: "because of

the beforea address Gentleman?"Advertising An distiller to small admit it can the so much, minority labeled the comBaltimore, of Sales ExecutiveClub Md.; Club of New

failed. to scarcely be said etc.; drunkard."have 1938, Calvert DistillersYork, mon Corp.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1940

that without will therefore, not indulge might you will permit me to property A pat Indeed,—you

historically. legally to subhis rightforgive forfeiting look at the to be convincword me—tooanswer! pat

ing. Even a small minority may, In British common law it has a scribe himself "gentleman."

we have observed, create a problem clear and simple meaning. Sir WilLord Chesterfield must have had

that is by no means small. Rackliam Blackstone ( 1 723-1 780 ) wrote in mind some such generous conpoliticians are, defined venal one ception he of the termeteers and when

is to defined one gentleman be A of minority a smallhopes, "combines as only one a gentleman who the of grant armor, which... bears coat the who

American population; yet they have adds gentility to a man's family: in like the useful appearance of virtue with

given us a serious national crime manner as civil nobility, among the Rothe solid satisfactions of vice."But

problem. The unemployed are likemans, was founded in... having the Chesterfield, for all his social graces,

in the qualwise a relatively small minority of imageborne someof onecuruleancestor[i. e. high]at least,office.who had was something wanting

the total population; yet you would ities of an ideal citizen. It was Dr.

find it hard to convince your conThis definition, concurred in by Samuel Johnson, I believe, who degressman that the problems they British legal authorities both before scribed him as having "the manners create are small. It is, indeed, a and since Blackstone, is a purely of a courtier and the morals of a

strange indictment of American legalistic qualification. Like our courtesan."Indeed, it was probably

democracy to infer that a problem American "voter"or "taxpayer,"it with this legalistic conception of the affecting only a small minority carries no necessary implication of gentleman in mind that Shakeshould have led the "normal"maeither manners or moral character. speare's Edgar said,

jority to the rootand- vote for In this sense there can, of course,

The Prince of Darkness is a gentleman. elimination of thebranch manufacture and sale of intoxicating liquors From the general spirit of your

in America. address, however, it seems clear that

HThe fact would seem to be that, you have in mind a definition of however small the number may "gentleman"which goes beyond this be of those whom you call "the compurely titular use of the term. And

mon drunkard,"they are at least there is, as everyone knows, another common enough to have been recogconception of the gentleman wherenized as a major social and economic by the term becomes one of high reevil. Moreover, if Will Irwin's obspect and dignity.

servations are he sound,—and

investigatorjournalist an whose and is a Vou will agree, I am sure, that it experience spans the preprohibi- is only in this sense of the term

it ation,periods—thethe prohibition,same "normal"and thecitizensrepeal thatpoint.yourWillquestionyou, then,canexaminehave any

are again becoming aroused and a little further with me to ascertain second bonedry movement is now just what is involved in your prounder way, proceeding "with exgram of "gentlemanly drinking"?

actly the same rhythm as the prohiHere again we are fortunate in havbition wave of the early 1900s."ing a long and authoritative literary

Surely we may hope that the tradition to guide us. From a great

American voters have not twice in number of definitions I select three a single generation been deluded of the most typical:

into mistaking a molehill for a John Ruskin, brilliant art and somountain. cial critic of Victorian England,

It is clear, however, that you opsays:

legal restraintspose any on the libis that first characteristic A gentleman's controlled""normal, of theerty which fineness in the body of structure drinker to buy liquor where, when, renders it capable of the most delicate and in what quantities he chooses. sensation and of structure in the mind which

symof the most delicate it capable logically the faceYou therefore of "fineness simply, say may rerenderspathies—onesponsibility conof proposing some nature."

structive, workable program whereby this liberty may be preserved and Ruskin's great contemporary, at the same time the "common Cardinal Newman, writes:

drunkard"be restrained from his reprehensible ways. This responsito Itsayis almostthat hea isdefinitionone whoof nevera gentlemaninflicts

bility you show no disposition to pain.... The true gentleman... careface. Instead, you propose to edufully avoids whatever may cause a jar or a

cate the public to the merits of "norjolt in the minds of those with whom he is all collision of opinion, clashing all restraint, or or suspicion,mal, controlled, social drinking,"a cast;—allof feeling,

proposition on which I shall have be nothing inconsistent in the idea gloom or resentment; his great concern being

more to say presently. Just now that one may drink and still remain to make everyone at their ease and at home.

is bashful, the tender towards... He evenour second problem, a gentleman. need not One "What is a

merciful the gentle towards distant, and drinking. calls for consideration. troublegentleman?"about moderate absurd. the towards

The word "gentleman"has had Indeed, to judge from the records various definitions, and your address of "gentlemanly"behavior, one And the American playwright and leaves us in the dark as to which would be hard put to discover a form novelist, Zona Gale, says:

of them you have in mind. I trust, of moral conduct in which a man of (Continued on page 624)

THE PICTURE IS OVER AND THE ENTHUSIASTIC HAS ACAUDIENCE A "STAR."Lights CLAIMED BRAVOSAND

HURRAHS HAVE BEEN SOUNDED.

burn OUT A SHORT SHORT STORY

Complete on this page

By T. M. DE BRY

.he theatre is ablaze him, a million lights flickeredwith lights.ICrowds breathlessly Some day some of those lights would

await the arrival of the star, whose spell his name. Oh—it was worth

name is illuminated on the marquee: it.

"CLAYTON MARLOWE, in "Let me see, the next sign there

FORGOTTEN YESTERDAY."ought to be it. Fairfax Avenue, then Heard someone say the other day

He appears and is almost swalsouth, and straight out three miles,"that he'd been in an accident. Lost

lowed up by a surging mass. Somehe muttered. several fingers from his right hand.

one pushes a microphone into his His car came to a stop. "Fairfax But, even then, with the money he's

hands and after a brief greeting he Avenue"the sign read. It wouldn't made and the friends he's got that

is ushered into the theatre to witness be long now. wouldn't be a handicap. I'd like to

the first showing of his starring role. From the curb a figure stepped up be as great as he is some day."

to Dawson's car. Dawson rolled his "Yes, I guess people did think he

I lift get a "Could down. window said actor,"the wonderful a was J. is over picture and HE It's to Fairfax? awand Normandy in his heart stranger. did put "He enthusiasticthe achas audience chilly, fully soaked."I'm almost and heartstring, stirred his a work, many "star."a hurclaimed Bravos and in.""Sure, hop Dawson Somehow I life a guess. hard though. had He Criticsrahs have sounded. been alive. felt grateful to be very He a to night become and day Worked will write,generously never be "He felt tonight. "neighborly"star; light his then began suddenly

... isforgotten."picture "His among to the said night,"he a "What it entirely. to out went all flicker—then time."the stories love of stranger. It's lot take. to a hard earn ft They ""hit"the Clayton has Marlowe is. ourec* it. they but spend when Andtop. will star shine other His and his partner. at glanced Dawson just they're forget through, people theireyes, hopefully too await who looks fellow, out and Poor down afraid I'm you're them. wrong, No, will jealously"day,"him bask watch fifty. face too; be His must hungry forget People man. soon do youngin that the sunlight of sure fame, dignified! world's The heart-—definitely touch them. a They many isafter attained, wealth and stardom break, though. given tough a him 'in,'string while they're but when will hisglory always. companions be flat broke. be must He 'out'can't they're a touch they even

"all lights. those "Beautiful, Holstring.''purse

YJ AWSON was sitting pretlywood's a great place,"he said, tryThe stranger lapsed into silence.

ty. Eight straight days of extra work ing to make conversation. What he had just spoken seemed to

and at least ten more to come. Some His partner looked sad and solhave hurt him. Dawson wondered

day, maybe soon, he would be "disemn. Seemed to be thinking aloud: about him.

covered"—then his worries would "Yes, beautiful lights. But to- "Well, here's Normandy. I'll

out. will burned be some life easier. light that drivebe arc so you up under was morrow He over—his

it people with goes Just the way talent. course,sure the get curb. see along he had the out can you Of Can

it all right hard road adhere. was a now?"to travel—he

in bright that.mitted car hours, long His Long came to a stop. The Onelights—thenday they're blazingquicklyforththe

drives,security—buthard work,he lovedstrongit. lights,All thisinlights"Maybeburn out."so,"Dawson replied. strangerdoor with steppedhis rightouthand.and Theshutfaintthe

was worth it. "But they're never forgotten. Take light from the arc shone on it. SevHis car pushed purringly on Clayton Marlowe for instance. eral fingers were missing. There

through the night rain. It was late, There was a wonderful actor. Did on the lawn was a sign, which read,

and he had a long way to go. It it right from the heart. Lived his "REST HOME- -Supported by the

sleep—butwas chilly. heHewaswouldn'tsure it wasget worthmuch neverparts, forgetso to him—especiallyspeak. I for onehis perwill Artists'DarknessGuild."had enveloped the

it. There before him, and all around formance in 'Forgotten Yesterday.'stranger.

BISHOP A LOOKS AT HIMSELF BY ONE OF THEM years. They must take the long view,

for the Church of God will endure forever. Are the youth of the citizens in the Church and kingdom

Church being prepared today for of God and in the community at leadership tomorrow, leadership in large. After all, someone has said,

this Church we all love, this Church and truly: "A saint is a sinner who

is It trying.""sportinspire not to a be to would continue which must at a a bishop and man fail ing,"living to the as say, to English right standrenewal andOrdain

life takes a once on new people, these one no of high enduring? ards and young conduct and

his large meaning. ward Be this bishop. than the well does a bishop knows more examine must A small, ruralor urban, there or comes

his activities teaching of young and to of service a sense a sanctity him confidence and of a new HThe in Priestpeople, his for those boys it isstewardship. that somePerhaps also in the bishop Church will the groups bear today hood

"call,"thing that describe as a is we trusted can and knows. be He leadership of tomorrow. mantlewhich Jesus emphasized when inner, personal He trusted. Into the reto trained accept must be Theyenjoined old: of Peter is upon "Feed lives taken often of individuals he sponsibility. is conbishop as a And

.. sheep. lambs."Feed all confimy my sacred keep he must and realizes this challenge, fronted he by

its the and work Church Somehow dences. his effectiveness that the with which

assume a reality not realized before. ward carries out the youth program He must, moreover, have a mesHere are tasks to be done, tasks of the Church, so will its results be sage. Just a moment: that does not

presenting almost themselves every bish- "preaching a be he must mean stathe imposing so by much living his—not of the to day. Inhour up is all! his not at op,"Preaching not tistics the rather but shown, new by

calling, that the finds bishop soon in calling, his specific minalthough his gives leadership blood and wardhis the of the of share Church work istry he there are moments when the to to the missionary ranks and is constant cannot wide and he and speak. should he must and Then life of the the Church and communto forexpect him what do God the God authority, as speak with must real ity generally. are the Thesedesires to him. through do of the ancient bishops were Church fruits service. of consecrated

for love His grows. humanity As live to Apostle, so the exhorted by

he looks out across the life of his A bishop soon learns he must as to be able "by sound doctrine people and the world, he feels somehave much patience, kindness, symboth to exhort and to convince."I

thing of that pleading for bread on pathy, and understanding in his believe our faithful bishops do so the part of folk who all too often work among the young people, faced speak, although I recall one who in have been given a stone. He sees as they are with the often shatterthe course of his remarks asked his

man in his proper perspective, as a ing impact of the world and its vices. flock: "Do you follow me?"I was

child of God with infinite possibilHe must realize that this is a Gos- a boy at the time, but I remember a ities. pel of salvation, not of condemnaneighbor in the church that day

Early in his ministry the bishop tion. He must remember the watchwhispering: "Bishop, we're miles

finds that one of the pressing needs word: "A man may be down, but ahead of you!"

in the Church today is better Goshe's never out."A few years ago The average Mormon bishop is

pel teaching. He sees youth not so one of the Council of the Twelve, a busy man, but he should not be

in a addressing stake conference as a a chalproblem butmuch as like said: to see "I shouldlenge. that only understands not He the word sometoo busy.time to Ahimself.bishopHeshouldshould havehave

will boys be boys, but also that boys 'Welcome to All'over the door of time to read, to study, to meditate, will be men. And he plans his proall our churches with these words to pray. He should have time to reEspecially added: 'Smokers Welthat in mind.gram with The bishop

a world of "There was direccome.'givehimself the right must wisoftireholies,"to his "retreat,"there to communehis own "holywith

tion to youth; his life must represent dom in that "aside"in a strong serGod. commune in quietude as did

the best, the worthwhile things. mon. Surely it is the sick who need our Lord in the mountains, upon the

That a bishop is watched there can the physician, and this business of sea, and in the garden. For some

be no doubt; hence he must be eterchanging lives is ever our business. reason in this busy, modern world,

nally vigilant. No, a bishop must not be harsh or we seem to fear being alone; we

Moreover, the bishops of the indifferent to the weak; his love crave the crowd. Yet there is proChurch, along with others in posimust be the stronger. He must not found meaning in the words: "I

tions of leadership in Zion, must "let these fellows down,"but rather will lift up mine eyes unto the hills,"look ahead twentyfive, fifty, or more he must help them make good as (Concluded on page 617)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1940

Agricultural Activities

in the Alberta Region

By J. S. Smith, Chairman, Canada

Regional Agricultural Advisory

Committee

'TPhe awakening of the Alberta Region * to the agricultural problems confronting them was a slow process but is now under way. The committees in

the three stakes, Taylor, Lethbridge, and Alberta, are fully organized with fairly strong groups of practical and qualified men. They have canvassed

their problems as stake committees and as a regional committee, and have

THE GROUP WHO FORMED A PLASTIC IN THE CLOSING SCENE OF THE PAGEANT crystallized their surveys in the form of

Left to right, sitting: Grace Madsen, Zona Del Thornick; kneeling: Inez Hunter, a brief which has been presented to

Elaine Woolf, Leda Peterson; standing: Velma presidencies stake and respective Williams, Ceola Marshall, Marian Dick, the

Lorraine Smith, Leland Grant Peterson. M. Andrus,

leaders with suggestogether Welfare tions as to possible solutions. It was

requested that the bishops and presiit that the members carefully and studyTHE IDAHO TEMPLE PAGEANT dencies of the Priesthood quorums Priesthood Melchizedek of the

By LaRue H. Merrill make an extensive study of theclassesprobfor theThea doctrinal"TempleandofhistoricalEeeda-How,"pageant Snaketo giveRivera briefValleyhistoryas itof touchesthe Upperthe lemsmattersubmittedto the fourand committeesassign the subject

agricultural and improving of purpose "written directed third idea, objective Karl temple the and by and was for conMatters conditions. economic of spirit J. sponRiver the the of to give Logan, Utah, and Snake Wood are in the brief contained sideration as life sored itself the Society, into Idaho that Pageant the very by has woven

with the ten L. D. S. Stakes of Zion in and history of the people along its as follows:

the Idaho Falls district cooperating, course. This last objective was beau1st: Have our people lost their economic

was produced in Idaho Falls, Idaho, tifully portrayed through an interpreand agricultural leadership?

where it received the praise and comtative dance called "The Saga of Snake (a) Are our farming operations profitmendation of the Upper Snake River River"by eleven beautiful, welltrained able and up to par?

Valley people during its eightnight engirls, directed by Marguerite Clark. (b) Do our neighbors raise better crops,

gagement. The closing scene of the pageant have fewer weeds, better buildings, diverindependence? enjoy more more, and all to 28th, 1940, it was thrilled were present when the sify From June 20th who debts, fewer neighbors (c) have our Do that conservatively estimated of twentybeauty the temple was visualized attitude, are they subject debt and a better

two thousand people witnessed this before their eyes during the formation to less propaganda, such as faultfinding, presentation. Many tourists and travof a plastic by the seven graces while complaining against weather, neighbors,

elers from other states availed themthe audience sang "The Spirit of God leaders, and country?

selves of the opportunity to see the Like a Fire is Burning"accompanied by 2nd: Has our recreational and athletic

pageant. a choir obligato of the anthem, "Holeadership been stronger or more enticing

leaderand agricultural than our economic closed the pageant sannah."producprimary purpose of the Thus The

trend basetoward the general ship? Does readers, tion the the pageant of beginwith the words to commemorate was social outings, sports, ball, basketball,

ning of construction of Idaho's first written by Fannie G. Brunt and Edith parties, etc., receive first and too frequent

Latterday Saint Temple. About one Lovell, ringing in the ears of the imconsideration when our farm demands are

hundred sixtyfive people gave of their mense crowd: very urgent?

time and talent for several weeks in the Are we behind one, two, three, or five preparation and presentation of this The winding old Snake rushing on to the years in our obligations, and in debt to friends, enemies? neighbors, and sea, financial support pageant. and The

in Althe Saints 3rd: Latterday Are will be, the mirror Will pause by in stakes of the cooperation this temple temple—a

choicest their land? losing berta its course, nothing long through can And district, Yellowstone, Teton, namely, gradually being uprooted and Are we compare Falls, Rigby, Rexburg, Idaho North acto are those driven corner a by who reflection that is pictured the Temple's With

Falls, Shelley, Blackfoot, PocaIdaho fertile quiring are lands crowdour and most there.

tello, and Lost River made the ing us back to the mediocre lands or into presentation possible. Special features What will it look like? It will be the towns and cities to seek bits of singleof the pageant were the Pocatello Stake Only as big and as fine as are we. handed labor and to eventually swell the

relief rolls?

it consisting it chorus, Priesthood let Aaronic straight be high and be O let family individual propaand Has his in sturdy Like lad the sky. a with head voices, twentyfive of hundred two against complaining ganda—faultfinding,4th: choir the of one hundred Stake Teton prices, climate, ecomortgage companies, it it let let clear be white be and O voices, the twentyfive Rigby life, systems, nomic drudgery, farm farm in for long, fresh a her Stake Like maid gown quartet, and a souvenir booklet called night. hard work—created a hatred, a distaste for

all in agricultural pursuits farming our and "Landmarks."

it let the have symmetry And the of minds, our minds wives and and own the pageant objective of main The first first, to be. things as they ought Of find said, children? member One "We in author's the best expressed be can

fault farm; the with do we neglect it; we it it let let gracious be be true and O the to meaning bring out foreword: poor, unseasonable inadework; have we it let too. grandeur and beauty have And great of temple importance and work raise buildings; quate, unpainted poor we

in the Church of Jesus Christ of LatterWhat will it look like? It will be crops, all of which engender a hatred for

day Saints. The second objective was Only as big and as fine as are we! farm life among our families. We educate

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1940

and uthe farm. encourageWe ourtravelchildrenthe mainawayhighwayfrom

to subject defeat, and children to that our wWHAT'S THE USE?unavoidable unless they end from get away

us into a more healthful atmosphere."These By Beatrice Cannon Evans

statements seem severe; yet there may be

suggestions that will help some of us con- i("That's the use?"This has comstand alert and ready to back their opsiderably. At least they are analytical and vv monly been the attitude of the portunity when it does come. How sucpoint out pitfalls from which we may save disinterested toward collecting genecessful this work of gathering records

ourselves. alogical records; but since war broke would be if we were all so prepared!

A very important Latterday Saint out last September, many who have Orders have also been placed nearly objective is to hold our land. It is a been active in their attempts to obtain a year ago with this same company,

great source of independence; nothing records from Europe, the motherland through the Genealogical Society of

else really takes its place. Our people of most Latterday Saints, have either Utah (which will gladly, efficiently,

have always been an agricultural peorushed money at the eleventh hour to and without charge, handle such busi- ) for the filmple. The Lord's people have been an be sent to places already rendered inness for Church members

agricultural people. The free exercise accessible by the war, or have become ing of selected registers in Cheshire,

of our religious belief requires the indisheartened at the prospect and Nottinghamshire, Worcestershire, and dependence that an agricultural life afslackened their efforts to do anything, London, England. To date, no posifords. Shall we choose for our slogan asking seriously, "What's the use?"tive results have been obtained be-

"Own our homes. Get title to our And what about it? Is there any use? cause of united opposition on the part

Lands"? Let's see what has been done and of English parish ministers.

The land must produce a living and what yet may be accomplished. The George Cannon Family Assoenough in excess to make land payThe phenomenal progress in econciation also has undertaken a worthments. This usually requires sacrifice omy and efficiency made possible by while project in attempting to get copies

and thrift, thorough and seasonable the microfilm in the past few years of all the parish registers, seventeen in cultivation, a maximum of production, spurred many to high hope in the atnumber, in the Isle of Man. This is of

and a minimum of weeds. Fertilization tempt to obtain for preservation in the rather widespread interest as a large

is very important to us now that our Utah Genealogical Society and direct number of Latterday Saint families land is impaired. study by our people complete copies besides the Cannons trace their beginto this beautiful of hitherto comparatively inaccessible nings In our districts organcould we not

the Irish records. Sea. Among littletheseretreatare theinize agricultural associaimprovement

tions, keep abreast with agricultural This new facility in copying comQuayles, Callisters, Cowleys, Creers, development, investigate latest methplete records is naturally stimulating Dinwoodys, Caines, and many others.

ods and means, secure the advice and to cooperative effort, and several groups Several members of these families have services of lecturers and demonstrators, are joining together, a procedure which, made very welcome, if unsolicited, conorganize calf clubs, pig clubs, purebred with or without this new device, is tributions to this record fund.

sire clubs? much more practical and economical. In January, 1940, the British repreOrganize the four Melchizedek Among these is a very interesting sentative of this American company

Priesthood committees. Study successgroup whose ancestors were exiled for went to the Isle of Man with inforful farmers at hand; choose our most religious reasons and made their home mation which led him to believe that

successful men in the district and rein the Piedmont district of northern he could get the records when he quest them to supervise, or to show the Italy. There they lived for many genreached there; however, much to his

members who are desirous or who are erations, a little island community of surprise, the local pastors and the in need of learning, how to raise and Protestants in a Catholic country. To bishop of the Isle of Man had agreed

fatten hogs, sheep, and cattle, how to them President Lorenzo Snow was among themselves not to allow these to grow beets, hay, peas, and care for divinely guided while on his mission be copied probably because they are a bees. Inaugurate a sort of big brother in France. The Cardon, Malan, Beus, source of income from people who come

movement. and other families, with the aid of some and pay a fee to consult the registers.

since this it other disappointment, individuals has lines And whose ancestral could and should cooperate with We been intertwine, that found their interests, refusal has also been have merged Relief Societies, Primaries,our Mutuals, and help our girls and young and, nearly a year ago, placed an order made by some higher church officials it is hoped can yet be reachedmarried women to become proficient with a reliable American microfilm who in designing, dressmaking, cooking, incompany, which had a representative through various sources. Many complaterior decorating, music, art, nursing, working in Italy, to proceed with the cent minds have been changed through

teaching, etc. microfilming of these Vaudois parish experiences of the past six months. The

registers. family are already Cannon attempting still occupied, They were We should:

this work to latest end through according to reports, the Amerwith the to 1. Pay an honest tithing from all receipts. problem of obtaining permission to copy ican Manx Association, which has

2. for obligations current (necessary Pay resident officers the Isle honorary in records off of cut France war in when

the of production crops or products and through Man, and negotiations. various other chansuc- have not yet They reguirements.absolute

nels. their ceeded in procuring records and 3. instalments Consolidate and on pay

old debts. may not now be able to do so. If other Manx families prepare them-

4. Consider living expenses (budget, Is their venture consequently a failselves similarly to take care of neighetc.) ure? boring localities, such as northern Pro-

5. Lay aside reserves for capital invest- I should not say so, for at least they testant Ireland, adjacent parts of

ments. in have succeeded coordinating and Scotland and England whence many 6. trips. recreation Consider and

their resources and still (Concluded on page 619) 7. families and Keep ourselves employed concentrating

the year round if possible, and thank God for life, even though thorns and thistles appear in our pathways to test us and rainfall in the Alberta Stake was ninelocal and federal governments which broaden our experience. A pleasant proteen inches. The average rainfall now will provide irrigation facilities to pracgressive the atmosphere rays and that is eleven to inches. twelve all tically deThis the Saints the in Latterday

lifeemanate from a bubbling over with cline of precipitation has stakes. made In this Canadian venture angratitude the life of make way so much irrigation to for security. are is effect being attempt these to made Weus lookeasier and and lift men everywhere women

all struggling to obtain the available purposes indebtedness. without bondedto higher and purposeful more objectives.

water in our rivers and to secure stor- ( See "Ditch Credit,"Improvement Era,

Forty years ago the annual average age sites and additional surveys by the June, 1940, p. 343.)

GOD BLESS THOSE HANDS AFFINITIES TWO MONTHS A MISSIONARY

By Lenore B. Shurtliff By Edgar Daniel Kramer By Clifford L. Oviatt

GODskilfullybless those hands that work so IFTheyouwhisperare lovingof nightthe moonin theontrees,the waters, MemoryOver alllingersmy thoughtsas a hangmanso kind,

I faces, think the of tremulous stars to leaning happy low As The of pain humanity the racked easeTo

I left friends behind; of clover, And incisions deep they as guide them makeAnd

it trembles; bees, pillaging hold pale pen host of As my A sleep in anesthetic patients numbedOn

there's lilacs swells throat, roses, In something of mystical fragrance and myI The fitfully. breathing gasping laboredWith

I grass, glistening to swallow, of cannot seem Which murmur The wells. o'er calling a across dimness eyes whippoor-will the gray And The my tranquility calm a with themEndow

twilight, life ability or death bespeakWhen all the hands, I think kind of When lass. will me, loving be you Then letSelfconfident steady them keep. and there guide, ready, to and Firm

bless those hands. God life's the If I staggered the loving are meadows, roadway dawn in As down you

side. the in to at flinging flames help dew, sun There me The my carefully planned so every movementWith I reckless, the blind the gardens and and of breath young day is new was The prayerfully mission well each andPerform myself. of but waking, Thinking naught

in silence wait the loved and onesWhile hills blue, lifting the did into they praying, hoping, keep The How weep find fields the path? I'd the the glens shadows where That and some day The

will that heart in labored that healthFeel are hiding, leap for courage, prayers I ask In my sweetly lark singing and The lips gratefulWhile will murmur time, faith for strength and and clear, Ask the pixiefaced of phlox beauty and of thankfully: The

bless those hands!""God will bless the labors Lord That my pansies,

Then you will be loving me, dear. In this work here, so sublime;

So that I may be found worthy that's trust in placed the me, Of WORDS with them be That always I may LANDBOUND GULLS

By N. M. Bennett Throughout all eternity.

By Eleanor Nadeau Fowler AWING can cut the sky and leave no scar. LONG had felt that God could not have

steal to depths enter blossom bee can A I planned AVIATOR their will petals nectar, reveal yet Their spirits thus should adhere as mine such That feet, trace to of vandal's no mar markNo Bird I Knowlton By restively things. Ekman simple pommeled To

purity. that bar claws aTheir The wave vista that shuttered doors made The my

of the in those keel turn cut loved must are sand he know sad and weep Of While drear this will parting In water. Yet wound his clay, Above I the release. then caught begged And And

heal, too sleep, Triumphantly, glad for flash its star. reflect in place a tremblingAnd his way. He goes seagulls as a plow. wings above swerved Of

flesh earth, of Unhampered now by the feathers against white dark most times, at are treacherous. In Their words,But

is free soul His soil, flight that in cares berth low narrow for conNor searched seemed and worms They for trespassing. reckTheir pause They be. form His may tent, somehow less feet great fares through adventure he What for exotic they destined were Though soil that the tread quivers from Will on skies the braved Who shores, smart in clouds the hands he Above knew? chill, fling their cries startled the against To their scattered. thorns swiftness In theOf lies grandeur What in ships, to alien glide of masts winds High night stars, the blue amid unknown Where them, strangeheart watching grew And my will return to the trample They down rise? him About still. ly sweet,

White blossoms on the meadow of a heart. --- We all are hushed in wonderment

HOME That he should go A sudden call; a message sent

OUR PROPHET By Esther Lee Carter But life is so!

There's a peaceful little cottage

By Rose Jarvis Hailing On a quiet, shaded street,

With a perfumescented garden FRIENDS

THERE is a man whom God has sent Where friendly neighbors meet.

In these the latter days, By Faye Burkey

To guide us in the paths of truth, It is not a kingly castle, retreat, not grand a teach of us His ways. And sip meet and we Strangers,

heart But has found a haven It myis of our nectar knowldark common The hair erect; his is white; form,His quiet, street. that shaded On edge clear; strong voice, both His and flavor of our a as pledge add own And his served people He's too and God

lip. heart Christ carry on and To year. over eighty For PRAIRIE WOMAN

friend, this perfect he proof knows As his after clarion Mildred year voice By Year Gofi tell thrills to sang Christ once how He stirred heart your and Has is in that deep; the rang swelling world voice him alone mine, TThe wide To to the of Saints Appealing God

till their could souls clearness side. In vibrant every on * Withsky emptinessis truth the divine. hear To

Above her house, forlornly small, blend.

If we would only heed the call The windmill towers, gaunt and tall.

Of this our prophet dear, A row of seedlings, brown and thin, Christ came to me more quietly. We

We'd have no need to fear the day Is planted where the fields begin. chanced to meet

When judgment draweth near. She bends above them, and perceives Where shadows patterned out the moonThe first dim promises of leaves. light on my lawn.

until talked shared the beauty of He'll safely us guide there, priestess, we always kneeling Druid We through A

... the dawn. strife, of sin days with a prayer. These enchantment and works She

If we'll obey his warning call And visioning the future, sees Not strangers now, but friends, we pass on

We'll gain Eternal Life. The living miracle of trees. down the street.

"THE STATE OF DESERET"ments, proceeds to analyze them and to His adventure takes on the nature of a {Dale Y. Morgan. Utah State Historical produce littleknown statements and facts literary journey, since he revives the classics

Society, 1940. 251 pages. $1.50.) and, in an expert manner, make deductions as he retraces the steps of Ulysses,

of thunder enters the land material Herodotus, from All them. source and enjoy who the April. as andIssued combined July, dwelt. lightning in will interest history and Odin and where and Thor have an who* the of HisState October numbers Utah the In find his this Golding stimulating wanderings, Mr. particularly saw volume

torical quarterly, Society's State of "The visited usually places not their outof-theway of study. and worthy

historical published hasDeseret"as been an visitors. he wherever in dithe ordinary Saints, believe Latterday by And who

treat to endeavoring adequatelymonograph their learned the ways, went, people, met he of direction vine Columbus, Christopher civil ofthe genesis in the government Rocky spirit. their Spain, of partook credited Through to will that and learn he be happy

to region correct misconMountain and PalGreece, Albania, France, Germany, to being. learned eternal he an what He

the origins inceptions of of government estine, Russia, Egypt, America, Morocco, propitious, "I wrote: our Lord found most

States the preface:Utah. "This monopeople, traveled, and observing customs spirit I he this to received and end from a Him

to littleknown explores that sequelsgraph things, recountexperiencing strange and intelligence. of In seamanship made He

first fortyfive- in valiant the government stories. ing stranger of astrology gave abundant; me me He fight for the involved statehoodyear and of of the bird's world our eye arithview as as of well geometry enough, and A territorialstruggle federal policy between is deMr. past Golding immediate what in of ingenuity metic; hands and and mind religioustemporal idealism."Inand lightfully reveals. C. it cities, to the this to M. J. sphere draw on and

is history state thecluded of a as founded rivers islands harbors, mountains, and and in 1849, Brigham conwhichby Young."

.. its right place. in everything SMALL GREAT WINGS AND totinued the of 1851, Territory Utah when the points to the author care great With Bird Stories of Day Our formed.was

belief that not logic of the Columbus was Clarke. E. Frances (Compiled by 251 -page volume, contains which The

Italian. fact wrote, that an Columbus The 1940.) York, Macmillan Company, New constitutionthe of the old State of DesItalians in that Italians, Spanish, to even and pages. 332 $2.50.)eret original of the and some which laws in in to turn Spanish would him wrote printed, never been writtenhave and first this was in selection book, included THE Italian. that not tend to he prove was INcompiled Dale Y. of the by Utah Morgan is the to in the challenge us name made the to confactors lead same Other whichHistorical Project. Records Survey M. W. time of our "Vanishing Americans"—this his indicated mistakes that Latin clusion are

this flourished that conthe birds once on that he Spaniard make; only a would whichPILGRIM'S WAY in tinent Included are more. and no now atfor led loyalty had no Genoa—-having of Autobiography (The Tweedsmuir. Lord

this the the passenger great auk, are number times; several and tacks ships on Genoese MifflinHoughton Boston, Company, writer hen. the pigeon, heath and The rulers his services to offered Spanish that he1940. pages. 328 $3.00.)

his the question: concludes with essay "Can Italian financially stable the rather to than Canada's governorgeneral, Lord this point?"Included vanishing parry weWhen he Georgio, of had with San Bank whom died Tweedsmuir, 1940, 11, February in stories the are such wellknown book by business. previously done

his in passing caused different mourning two Aldrich, as writers Bailey William Thomas is the annotated, an book Thoroughly first,circles of persons: those grieved Burroughs, Beebe, Hudson, who H. John W. the addition to invaluable documentary

at the of passing a capable diplomat and Seton, and Muir, Ernest John Thompson Refreshingly material Columbus. about

expert,governmental second, those and who, Twain. Mark it written, minds the fancy will capture and

hisadmiring writing, that his is instories mourned of replete with book The lethargic of readers the and of most even facile fertile is lost to it pen and had interest mind that been the at tense time same with will the from send them book away letters,the of in world he which of better conunderstanding was known and conducive in for greater the admiration man who as Buchan. will for groups Both John have sideration good bird to life—an a stop spite great of obstacles enough

in to find his satisfactioncause autobiogto old /. C. have and book young less especiallyread.—M. onto an person ventured courageous

finalraphy, the editing of acwhich he elethe very conquered sea uncharted and "I PEACE"BUILT FOR TEMPLE Acomplished only his before a few days in C. discovering world. a ments M. J. new

death. of Life Benes. B. Edward Eduard (The

calls it himself indeed an essay, and He and Brothers, Harper New AMERICAS Hitchcock. THE OVER WINGS

it is that, leisurely proceeding easy with an York, 1940. $3.50.) 353 pages. Illustrated. Hager. (Alice Rogers

chattiness the reveals as author a which York, Macmillan Company, New hisin figure contemporary no Probablygenial, personable philosopher, loving man 1940. pages. 162 $2.50.)

inelicited the tory has commendatory nature.and herself interested has Hager, who presterest that former Benes, has Eduard MRS. his Beginning barrister, career as a he reporting durin aviation exclusively integrity and Czechoslovakia. ident of His discarded profession, asoon as turning law

airplane years, six past ing the an made in his living of pattern the has honesty first interestshis to affairs, governmental

Central tour throughout South Amerand trusted revered ashe and him made when assistantas to private secretary MilLord is of result the in ica 1939. volume This his office in the highest government. sumedner, to to his going Africa perform South

flight. acthat combines author an The office, that before long assumed he But hisduties. in After Africa, sojourn South with curate keen a geographical knowledge everything doing he been unassumingly had briefly his to legal returned profession,he

seasons of humanity, understanding and in fortify the his to cause. power Czech firm, inthen partner a publishing became

of sense kindly generously a with both plot. rivals story Alger Horatio His an after for the correspondentwar Times, and

humor. child of tenth ambitious the a poor, Born fullfledged letters.the of a His war man

to nothpurports the be Although book father, education. to obtain struggled he an left as ayears of Parliament member him

it is travel really ing a an than book, more his father small farm but a Although was in firm believera but equally democracy visited to the countries economic approach the to he owner, obtain had by managed thatcertain the democratic procedure to the casual indication an even most and his acres. birth of time ten Eduard's By remedying.needed

to that the well reader do Americas would this ten zeal, industry he expanded and is to response the at His scene American to a thorough study another and one come forty, store, established acres general to a gratifying both challenging.once Durand

their to as understanding themselves among kiln. built the brick industry a This and all the willing current situation, people

future. /. C. M. his son. father transmitted to undiminishedbenefit reading Pilgrim's by Way.

it difficult to to or play spend found Eduard ]. C.—M. I THE WORLD KNEW time acquaintances, eager with so he was

Press, (Louis Golding. Viking The in to the learn about world he whichCHRISTOPHER COLUMBUS 1940. York, $3.00.) pages. 338 New to reestablish anxious so moved, he was (S. Illustrated. de Madariaga.

travel, as so autobiography much the nation. he received Czech had WhenMacmillan York, Company, NOT New

this a valuable chronas becomes in education as he Austriavolume could much1940. 503 pages. $4.00.)

is if icle it passing, that of a Paris has to not there he day Hungary, from went and "O econstructing the life of a man bealready passed, what with the wars and to London, seeking always knowledge and ** comes intensely fascinating, especially consequent devastation of the past few more knowledge, impressing those whom when vagueness, mystery, and uncertainty years. The author was an inveterate travhe met with the greatness of the Czech

are the beginning points. The author, beeler, and in his travels his eyes missed cause.

ginning with the widely accepted statenothing that his imagination did not supply. (Concluded on page 612)

NEW GENEALOGICAL ham Young University, returned to the TO BE McKAY after Harris States United with Mrs. PLAN CLARIFIED PRESIDENT 6TH HEARD OCTOBER to the as adviser nearly year spent a

T-Tow genealogical activities will be OVER THE COLUMBIA Persian government with headquarters

A conducted under the new plan reBROADCASTING SYSTEM at Teheran, Iran, to direct agricultural cently announced, which provides for Dor the benefit of our Church reorganization and rehabilitation in that the incorporation into the curriculum * members throughout the councountry. Dr. and Mrs. Harris traveled

of the Sunday Schools the work which try, we announce that, by invitaoverland to Calcutta, India, and sailed formerly was done at the weekly gention of the Columbia Broadcastfrom there to Hong Kong, where they ealogical meetings, is explained in ading System, President David O. boarded the Asama Mara of the Japditional instructions which have been McKay of the First Presidency anese N. Y. K. line. They arrived in

issued to the wards and stakes throughwill be heard over the radio on San Francisco on August 30, and proout the Church: the nationwide Churchof-theceeded immediately to their home in

Provo, arriving in Salt Lake City, morning, Air program, Sunday visiting Intensive will work in home 31. August 6, at 11 a. m., Mountain discontinued; chief the of October be concern

nationThis Time. Standard officers genealogical will be the ELEVATORS will WELFARE originate radio message prowide motion of and direction temple work. GRAIN RECEIVE FIRST session at of morning the Sunday

In the stake, the temple and geneathe 111th semiannual general 'W'irtually completed, the grain logical organization will consist of a conference of the Church. "elevators constructed at the Cenassistants, the stake chairman and two in Salt tral Storehouse Bishops'Lake

to the of stake chairman a be member first their grain August received City on council, assistants high of the one a cerededication formal of part as 27

Elder. other the Seventy, an and Clark, President Jr., monies. Reuben J. will the stake of Duties be chairman

first seal the car of the wheat broke on of, supervision to exercise general and Presprayer following dedicatory by in the to encourage, attendance temple particiident Also David O. McKay. successstake; direct planning of the to

in Presiding services the pating were in ful presentation for ward programs President Richards; Bishop Grand Le

fifth the meetings SunSacrament on Relief of the SoBrown Lyman Amy for the to of arrange month; any day ciety; of chairman D. Moyle, Henry

for outlined the annual Geneprogram the Committee; General Welfare Wm. in given alogical every ward Sunday Sterling Nelson, H. and Ryberg E.

foster to in September; stake of the of the Committee. members organizations, family of formation the

is the to said structure of be one The family of increase to promote an and grain best equipped and modern most lines. of research approved One on in country. elevators the

is supergeneral assistants to have the

LEE A. PALMER sealing apand of vision endowment SALT LAKE TEMPLE

stake of the for the and pointments FIELD ASSOCIATE PRESIDENCY COMPLETED reports temple of of work compilation SUPERVISOR NAMED will in assistant be other done. Salt in The the Temple Lake "\7acancies PROGRAMS FOR YOUTH appointall * baptismal stake of charge filled with been presidency have

ments. f ee A. Palmer, first counselor in the the recent appointment of Mark Austin

The ward organization patterns after *"'Twentieth Ward bishopric, Ensign and David A. Broadbent as first and

that of the stake: a ward chairman and Stake, has been appointed associate second counselors, respectively, to

two assistants, with their duties similar field supervisor of Aaronic Priesthood President Stephen L. Chipman. Elder

to those of the respective stake officers, and Y. M. M. I. A. youth programs. Austin succeeds Nicholas G. Smith,

as applied to the ward sphere. The Under the direction of the Presiding successor to Preston Nibley as head of

ward chairman is to be either a High Bishopric and the General Superintendthe Northwestern States Mission, and

Priest, Seventy, or Elder chosen from ency of the Y. M. M. I. A., Elder Elder Broadbent replaces George F.

the Church Service Committee of the Palmer will assist John D. Giles, field Richards, Jr., who in turn succeeds him

quorum to which he belongs. His two supervisor of both departments. as president of the North Central States

assistants are to be chosen from the The new associate has served in Mission.

in capacities Priesthood and many other of the CommitteeChurch chairorganizations auxiliary: as ward ARIZONA TEMPLE e., the NEW if the chairmantwo quorums—i.Service Priesthood adviser of Aaronic and APPOINTED man HEAD Priest, of one then selected is a High

Elders'quorum memberhis assistants should be a Seventy, one quorums, leader, group presidency, M Menof Elder.an /harles fornia, hasV. Pughbeen ofnamedCompton,to succeedCaliExplorer comScout and chairman of

In the ward there will also be a mittees, Sunday School teacher and Charles R. Jones as president of the

Temple and Genealogical Committee, member of the sup erintendency, and as temple at Mesa, Arizona. President

after onethree and Jones was released chorister. PalElder stake and his ward and chairmanto include the ward service. half years'filled to the also a mission has mer assistants; spewhose a secretary,two President native of Iowa, Pugh A States. Southern

cial duty will be to obtain annual and joined the Church twentyfive years ago life memberships to the Genealogical CHURCH UNIVERSITY HEAD in Long Beach, California. He has

the of as bishop Beach served Long PERSIA the teacher ofSociety of Utah; the ARRIVES FROM

of the high council as a member Ward, in the classtraining in genealogy Sunbefore the be7V rriving three the weeks in Angeles Beach and Long Los day School; and a representative of the * ginning of the fall school term, Dr. stakes, and as bishop of the Compton

Sunday School Gospel Doctrine class. Franklin S. Harris, president of BrigWard.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1940

EUROPEAN MISSION PRESIDENT CLARK ORGAN RECITALS MAIN

LEADERS REPORT ADDRESSES MEET ATTRACTION AT

EXHIBIT CHURCH Reu- J. Schipaanboord, J.pROM

most frequently heard musicians npHE three in the Netherlands* chargeElderof affairs in fN**-'benSeptemberClark, Jr.,11, wasPresidentone of

Mission, comes word that the large principal speakers in a symposium on at the San Francisco Fair are three plot of flowers and shrubbery which federal regulation of insurance at the students of Church music institutes surrounded the mission headquarters at American Bar Association annual meetwho have been performing as organthe Hague has been plowed up and ing in Philadelphia. ists in the miniature Mormon Taberplanted in potatoes and other vegenacle which comprises the Church extables by government order. "MORMONADE"MADE BY hibit at the fair. The organists who

Special thanks for The Improvement SOUTH LOS ANGELES present some forty brief recitals each

Era and the conference report sent him "IVTormonade"is the contribution of day are Richard G. Crandall of Salt

are expressed by Elder R. Simond of the South Los Angeles Stake to Lake, Blanche Cardon of Logan, and

Neuchatel, Switzerland, president of Church Welfare storehouses. It is the G. William Richards of Salt Lake.

the Swiss District of the French Miscoined brand name for orange marPrograms are varied and present the sion. He reports two baptisms in the malade prepared from a scientific forworks of Bach, Mendelssohn, Franck,

Geneva Branch. mula by stake Relief Society workers and include characteristic Mormon

and packed in twelveand twentyfour- hymns and folk tunes. Recitals are

SANTAQUINTINTIC STAKE ounce bottles. Twentysix thousand alternated with tenminute illustrated

OPENS WELFARE CENTER bottles have been prepared and on tours of Temple Square. Since May

fifty persons than thousand 25, more first of sixty 15 cases shipment a August effort objectives further to realize aTn exhibit, the attended have Church toA the Bishops'StoreCentral was sent Santathe the of Program, Welfare in Salt house remaining Lake. The a openedquinTintic Stake recently lot BISHOPS, PRESIDING is in center at the storage stake and to canning sponsorcenter in Santaquin ELDERS APPOINTED later will date, at be exchanged a projects. Nilson sewing A.and Mary

has been named supervisor of the through the Welfare Plan, for Utah Ninth Ward, Liberty Stake, Ralph Taycenter and I. C. Dickinson stake wareproducts. lor Cannon succeeds Bishop Clyde

Wagenen. Van stake next the of product major The is manager. housedhouse The center Bonneville Stake, Yale LeGrand Ward, the of preparing ten packthousand Building,in been is has which the Nelson P. succeeds Dr. Hardy. Fred T. Backman spices. of of research ages a result As to neededrenovated accommodate First City Elder Brigham Box Ward, at Chili the the Products Company,equipment. S. Stake, succeeds David Nelson Harold

its for stake has ready proformula Anderson. O.

CHURCH CORPORATION duction. Standardville Branch, Carbon Stake,

SECURES BUILDING BRIGHAM YOUNG FILM EphraimKeeler asA.presidingMuhlesteinElder.succeeds Daniel B.

Purchase of the Salt Lake Chamber DEDICATED TO CHURCH Cheyenne Ward, Denver Stake, Adelof Commerce building by Zion's berr E. Wilde appointed bishop.

Securities Corporation, real estate Denver First Ward, Denver Stake, Edholding company of the Church, has ward E. Drury, Jr., appointed bishop,

Stake, Second Denver Denver Ward, buildingbeen announced. The Bentley bishop. was Vivian appointed W. years ago.vacated two by the Chamber Stake, Denver Englewood Samuel Ward,

Several possibilities are being con- L. Morgan named bishop.

sidered for utilization of the building. Laramie Ward, Denver Stake, Albert E.

No decision has yet been reached as Bowman named bishop.

to just what will be done with it. The Pueblo Ward, Denver Stake, John J.

sixstory and basement structure inWheeler named bishop.

Stake, Branch, Denver Barnum James M. acludes second diningroom on the

Elder. presiding floor Coffey named threeseating approximately hundred Ft. Collins Branch, Stake, Denver R.

persons, a kitchen, committee rooms, Welling Roskelley appointed presiding and offices. Bought by the Church for Elder.

approximately $40,000, its original cost Malad Third Ward, Malad Stake, C.

of construction with fixtures was LeGrande Horsley succeeds Thomas D.

$265,000. Evans.

Mount Pleasant North Ward, North

Stake, Sanpete succeeds Peterson Jewel M. FIGURE INCHURCHMEN P. Olsen. Henry MABEL Y. SANBORN, OF DAUGHTER BRIGHAMAMERICAN TRAILS St. Mt. Trumbull George Ward, YOUNG, AND DEAN JAGGER, PORTRAYS WHOORGANIZATION HER FATHER IN THE FILM "BRIGHAM YOUNG."Chester Marion Bundy succeeds Stake,Roy

Bundy. officers of the the newlydedicated to the "DespectfullyAmong Cluff Branch, Stake, Summit E. John** Trails Pioneer American formed Church and to President Heber succeeds as pre- J. Wright Bishop Clark Ray

Association, outgrowth of the Oregon Grant, the 20th CenturyFox motion siding Elder.

Trail Association, are prominent Latpicture Brigham Young came to Salt Vernal Second Ward, Uintah Stake, terday Saints: Elder Reed Smoot of Lake City on August 23 for its world Owen Slaugh succeeds Bishop John Hair,

the Council of the Twelve, who was premiere. Among the thousands who Jr., deceased.

vicepresident; an honorarynamed witnessed the first most showing were

Albert Smith of theElder George Authorities of the General of the HISTORIAN DISCONTINUES

Council of the Twelve, who was named Church, many prominent civic leaders, LENDING PICTURES a director; and Elder John D. Giles, and visiting officials and stars of the nP'HE practice of lending pictures from

who was named regional director of motion picture industry. A the office of the Church Historian,

of the organization PresidentUtah.

R. Driggs,Dr. Howard of New York,is BRANCH CHANGES forIn theanyfuture,purpose,pictureshas beenwilldiscontinued.not be perFt. Collins branches, and Barnumformerly of Idaho, and also a member HpHE mitted to leave the office. In making

of the Church. A formerly of the States Western the announcement, Historian Church

The new national group is expected Mission, have been included in the Joseph Fielding Smith of the Council to speed the program of marking hisnewly organized Denver Stake. of the Twelve pointed out that "In

toric sites and to insure the adoption Cluff Ward, Summit Stake, has been spite of the most careful handling, rare of similar projects in many other states. made an independent branch.. (Continued on page 606)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1940

The Church Moves On WALLISPATRIARCHPASSESJAMES H. wasof theleadercommunitiesof bands andwherechoirshe resided.in most

{Continued from page 605) Surviving are his widow, seven

Dublisher, editor, and lifelong daughters, and three sons; twentyfour

and valuable pictures have been marChurch worker in leading capagrandchildren, three greatgrandchil- lost."red, been torn, and have many

all originals subject are Although to incities,Salt JamesLake atH.theWallisage ofdiedseventynine.August 23 dren, a brother, and a sister.

this in of pictures ruling, copies any OWNERSHIP heart attack was the immediate MONUMENT the A OfficeHistorian's cost. had at be may QUESTION SETTLED; cause of death.

At the time of his passing, Elder LANDMARKS RESTORED

SEMINARY, INSTITUTE Wallis, in a patriarch the Emigration Church, represented by its

Stake, associated the staff rpHE with wasDOORS REOPEN Bishopric, A Presiding formally was Improvement Era. The declared Salt by the CommisLake City FORTY instructors of of/\NE HUNDRED

-'Church seminaries and institutes sion as the successor to the Brigham adjoining high schools and universities Young Memorial Association, which in various states will carry on the work originally controlled the Brigham Young of weekday religious education monument, famous landmark which throughout the coming year. Opening heads Salt Lake's Main Street at the

dates for the institutes of religion and South Temple intersection. The questhe seminaries coincide with those of tion of ownership and responsibility

the schools near which they operate. arose when requests were made that the

Some two hundred and fifty junior monument be cleaned. Records reseminary workers met September 4 to vealed that in 1897 the city had granthear addresses by Dr. Joseph F. Mered to the Memorial Association the

rill, member of the Council of the twentyfive-foot square on which the

Twelve, and Dr. M. Lynn Bennion, marker stands and had in no way asseminary supervisor, preparatory to sumed ownership since. The Church

beginning the work in their field. thereupon assumed the task of beautifying both the monument and at the

SUNDAY SCHOOL GETS same time Eagle Gate, another famous of renovation. in need

studied and photoNEW BOARD MEMBERS JAMES H. WALLIS landmarkThe markers,

Jn keeping with the new policy of graphed annually by tens of thousands * combining genealogical lesson work Born in London, England, April 13, of tourists, received considerable care with the Sunday School program, three 1861, the veteran Church leader came during the restoration process that officers of the Genealogical Society of to America at the age of twenty. He nothing should detract from their arUtah have been added to the General married Elizabeth Todd, a member of tistic and historic value.

in the the immigration company, same School the Deseret of SundayBoard B. Eagle Gate, designed by Hiram

Salt Lake Endowment House on June Lund, are A. WilliamUnion. They as the 9, Clawson, first served entrance

assistant Church historian; Joseph 1881. He began his journalistic career to Brigham Young's private estate and

for Inas the a compositor Juvenile the of vicepresidentChristenson, toll as to gate City Creek Canyon.

structor. city editor the of became Society; Archibald HeGenealogical and in completed 1859. In 1890, It was

later afLeader and Logan became Society's secretary andF. Bennett, the the arch to permit when widened was

filiated in with Lake, Bear newspaperslibrarian. of streetcars the running up North

Provo, Vernal, and Nephi, Utah, and street, the celebrated eagle, carved Statefrom in Springs, Preston, Montpelier, Soda MUSIC CHURCHANNUAL a sixteenfoot with wingspread, wood of Idaho. time the and Rexburg, At electroplating given of an copper. wasINSTITUTE CONDUCTED

in his interest active he death an had deBrigham monument, The Young actual teachers give to the Wallis Express. Vernal ElderT\esigned Dallin, signed unby E. Cyrus was the of served terms existpresident as two of problems*- demonstrations veiled 20, dedicated 1897, and on July Association Press three the terms circles and Utah throughouting in music first the festival of four celebrating days

as of president the InClub. Press Idaho Music the 1940 ChurchChurch, a half the century since of progress

at the 31 August 30 andstitute met the published he Nephi While Enarrival of the Mormon pioneers in the

Art and School of Music atsign,McCune Elder Wallis county Juab was Valley. Salt Lake

tended by delegates from eight states. attorney. He attended the University

of school obtained conlaw and Nebraska the intensive twoday Following MARKERS RISE ALONG his the of University from law degree of the Music Churchvention, members TRAIL PONY EXPRESS in also 1906. practiced their Tennessee proto carry prepared HeCommittee

gram of music advancement into the law in Idaho, where he was United "Delieving that marking and studying stakes, where conventions will be carStates commissioner for ten years and the historic spots of the founding ried on during the fall and winter clerk of the Idaho legislature from of America is one of the best ways to months. 1907 to 1911. preserve the spirit of democracy, a

The record of his Church service caravan of Utah and American Pioneer

UTAH HOLDS HIGH RANK AS includes positions as stake genealogical Trails and Landmarks associations

BIRTHPLACE OF SCIENTISTS chairman, stake president of the Y. M. members on August 2324 dedicated

M. I. A., stake Sunday School supernine monuments marking the route of

T Ttah leads all the states of the Union intendent, bishop, high councilman, and the Pony Express between Fairfield, -*- in number of scientific men born patriarch. He was bishop of the Vernal Utah, and the Nevada state line. The

there in proportion to the population, it First Ward from 1927 to 1931 and group paused at Tooele, Stockton, is revealed by an analysis of American for the three years following acted as Vernon, Lookout Pass, Simpson

Men o[ Science, famous Who's Who of traveling patriarch for the Church in Springs, Riverbed, Dugway, Blackrock, science. The study is reported by Great Britain, where he was also assoFish Springs, Boyd, Calleo, Overland

Prof. E. L. Thorndike, of Teachers ciate editor of The Millennial Star. Canyon, Burnt Station, and Wendover.

College, Columbia University (Science, Patriarch Wallis also made official More than one thousand persons witAug. 16, as reported in Science News visits to the Canadian and Northern nessed dedication of the markers at

Letter, Aug. 31, 1940.) States missions. As a musician, he various points.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1940

ARIZONA TEMPLE DISTRICT will eventually be placed with every August 25, 1940 73, Kimball, Knowlton Mrs. JaneMAGAZINE COMMEMORATES family in the stake. President the late of J. Golden widowUNBROKEN INDIAN TREATY June 20, 1940 Kimball of the First Council of Sev-

'T'he story of a treaty which is literMelissa Coray Swan, 91, died in enty, died in Salt Lake. She had been

ally little more than a "scrap of Ocean Park, California. She was born an invalid for two years from injuries

paper"but which has insured a peace of February 6, 1849, just outside the Old suffered in the automobile accident in seventyseven years on the part of the Fort in Salt Lake Valley, and as a which her husband was killed.

invasion the cricket child witnessed tribesfive signed Indian it was the who 14, 1940 gulls. September of the miraculous appearance of and featureleading the of July number Vincent, formerly of Mrs. Anna

Districtthe Arizona GenealogTemple Utah, City, of Park and Beaver now 18, 1940 July ical Historical Signed Magazine. and birthday hundredth her one celebrated Brockbank, Mrs. Park Ann Mary

11, April 1863,at Fort by on Yuma active been an has anniversary. She those of last pioneer surviving who

the the the Pimas, Maricopas, Yumas, worker. Relief Society in celebrated plains 1847, the crossed

the Chimehuaves, and the Walapai her ninetyseventh birthday in Salt tribes southern of western Arizona and P. old D. U. years Lake. She when was four PANGUITCH original California, the docuand Taylor she with came to Utah the John ERECTS MARKER of in possession the long has beenment company.

of the princess Maricopas, Juan,Mary the site the of old fort which Iarking and its existence was only recently reJuly 31, 1940 *"* was built when Panguitch was first vealed to Frank T. Pomeroy, Mesa Mrs. Emma Martin Lambourne, 80, settled, the Daughters of Utah Piopioneer and friend of the Indians, and for fiftyfour years an active Church neers unveiled a monument on Septemeditor of the Magazine. Its discovery worker in the Twentieth Ward, Enber 5 on the school grounds. Repreto the outside world has led to the essign Stake, died. She traveled across sentatives of five southern Utah countablishment of an annual Festival Day the plains in the Martin Handcart Comties, in district convention at the time,

on the anniversary of its signing. The pany, which her father, Edward Marwere present at the dedication.

"Feast of Peace"is observed by the tin, captained.

"valley Indians"at the Gila River Reservation. August 12, 1940 ROLL CALL OF MISSIONARIES

Written on a single sheet of gloss Mrs. Mary Ann Barrett Burningham, RELEASED DURING AUGUST

foolscap, now tattered and badly worn, 92, who crossed the plains in 1864, died. HPhe Era's monthly honor roll of those

1927 she was a constant resident for the Untilthe treaty included a pledge their term of * who have completed of Bountiful. ceragainst ofprotection Americans in service missionary uninterrupted

tain warlike tribes, a pledge which has fields near and far includes the follow23, 1940 Augustnever been violated.

outof-town visitors to ing: the Among

NOVEL BEAUTIFICATION witnessham Young"Salt Lake'swas apremieregrandsonof of"Brigthe Earl,FromWashington,the ArgentineD. Mission:C; Rolf L.JosephLarson,D.

AID IN RIVERSIDE Prophet Joseph Smith, Israel A. Smith, Lakeside, Arizona; Robert T. Standing, Salt

a member of the first presidency of the Lake City; Max L. Willis, Snowflake, Ariof the newly organized/""Officials

Reorganized Church. zona.Australian: Donald I. Hogsen, Midvale, recently delivered Stake i - Riverside

five hundred uniformly painted garbage August 24, 1940 Utah.

cans to stake families as part of the Death claimed Phillip Stringham, 84, Brazilian: Robert K. Cutler, Pasadena,

Churchwide beautification and cleanof Maeser, Utah, prominent stockman California; Melvin H. Morris, Salt Lake

up campaign. The containers, made and Church worker, and brotherin-law City.

Brimhall, California: Provo, Utah; Ednafrom fiveand tengallon paint cans, of President Heber J. Grant. Cardston, Harold Canada; C. Cahoon, James

L. Glover, Midvale, Utah; Melvin S. Huntsman, Enterprise, Utah.

Canadian: Llewellyn G. Bodrero, Logan,

Utah; Joseph F. Cooper, Glendale, California; Leonard B. Cummard, Mesa, Arizona; O. Richard Eskelson, Salt Lake City;

Alma G. Evans, Raymond, Canada; Rulon

A. Hendrickson, Payson, Utah; Elma Holley, Ogden, Utah; Jay W. Lees, Salt Lake

City; Benjamin C. Olsen, Springville, Utah;

Delightra K. Passey, Ogden, Utah; Melvai

Peterson, Barnwell, Canada; Joseph H>

Smith, Jr., Salt Lake City; Virgil H. Smith,

Salt Lake City; Wilford W. Woolf, Provo,

Utah.

Central States: James B. Blake, St. AnMISSIONARY MISSIONARIES FIELD FROM THE SALT LAKE LEAVING FOR THE HOME thony, Idaho; Grimshaw, Cedar John H. 19, 1940 SEPTEMBER SEPTEMBER ARRVED 9, 1940—DEPARTED

City, Phoenix, Utah; Hamblin, Kathleen

First row, left to right: Vernal Dennis Wardle, Pres. Don B. Colton, Wuta Terazawa, Eva L. Croxford, Twila Arizona; Frederick R. Hardy, Salt Lake

B. Zuniga. Standage, Cott, Freeda Mathews, Jose Melvyn Van LauraDunn, Salt City; Walter C. Johnson, Lake City;

J. Griffin, Farley, Dennis Harold Lyman row: La Vaun Second

Salt City; Hardy, Alda Kendrick, Blanche Rabbins, Audrie Lake M. McCashland, L. L. Hunter, Smith. MonseBlaine

Irving R. Lucile McAllister, Rothe, Franklyn Pugmire, B. D. Muir, Kenneth H. Brown, row: Third Dean Angie Mace, Deseret, Utah; Worth L.

Earl R. Perkins. Cook, Grant M. Christenson,Pershing Mesa, Arizona.

Davidson, B. Lyal Lowell Bishop, E. Millett, Jones, Vilda Bennett, David E. Phelps, row: Fourth Sherman Don

Adams, Lynn Burton, Dale Wall. East Central States: Myrna Black, AnNielson, Elliott, B. Clair Whitehead, Johnson, C. Preston Kirk Fifth Maxwell Harvey H. row: Max Webb, timony, Utah; Keith H. Brimhall, Mesa,

J. Sorensen. Sheranian, Nishan H. Watson, Darwin C.Bentley, Gordon

Clinger, City; Adrian Salt Lake Miller, Jr., Robert Flake, Martin, H. A. K. Jey James Eugene Sixth H. row: George Amundsen, N. Arizona;

Paul B. Wallace, K. Jr., Emery, Olson. Vernon M.Weston, Dalton, Ray Marysvale, Utah; Grace Grace J.

Gates, Charles David Middleton, B. Crawford R. Holm, Clifton H. Plewe, row: Seventh Edgar Thomas, St. Foster, Hair, George, Utah; Marion J.

P. Sargent, Spencer D. Dean J. Ray, Gardner. Oakley Lunt,Jack K. Alice Haroldsen, Utah; Idaho Midway, Jr., B, J. T. Doxey, Ricks, Rex. L. Alfred row: Harold, Harold, Eighth Thomson Orin R. Thomas

Woodbury, Dale H. Johnson, Richard R. Clawson, J. Glen Erickson. Falls, Idaho; Ercell E. Hendry, McGill,

F. J. Frogley, Forsyth, row: Ninth Gale, Ralph Donald LeGrand P. Christiansen, Paul J. Updike, John Utah; Jex, Provo, Nevada; James L. Donna

instructor. Berret, Evertsen, E. V. S. Smith,John Eugene Wm. Bountiful, Mugleston, Utah; A. Rose L. row: Tatton, R. Clark, Rex Price, Richards Campbell, F. Donald Tenth Lyle Lewis, Durham, Rex Ward

Fackrell, LeRoy Dreschsel, A. Carlisle MacKay, Winston McOmber. (Continued on page 624)

diio/uaL dollars per capita"—but beyond this falsely comforting thing called the "average"there remains an

THE GENERAL CONFERENCE immeasurable amount of work to do.

THEferenceOne Hundredof the Churchand Eleventhof Jesus SemiannualChrist of LatterCon- ing.ThisIt thoughtdoes notismatterfundamentalhow goodto ouror Gospelhow poorthinkthe

day Saints will convene in the Tabernacle, Salt Lake "average"is—men and women are still individuals,

October Sunday, Friday, Saturday, and Utah, City, as such. short of salvation realize or fall and must

a. at sessions 10 6, each general 4, 5, day with and salvation, individual and of is the very essence m. This held will meeting Priesthood be general 2 m. p. and The

in the Tabernacle on Saturday, October 5, at 7 p. m. statistical averages have no significance, except

The First Presidency. as they may represent the condition of the individual, actually and not theoretically.

The Father of us all has said: "For behold,

this is my work and my glory—-to bringto pass the

immortality and eternal life of man"—all men.

(Pearl of Great Price, Moses 1:39.) The fact

that the 'average"child of God may realize in a measure those things which God has prepared for him will not satisfy Him whose children all men are. There are still the wayward and the disobedient to be redeemed, and the poor and the suffering and the disheartened to be looked after. We

pOR some time a comment has been urging itself arein smugnot justified,columns oftherefore,figures thatin takingtell us weakwhat refugeis true concerning the fallacy of averages. We are on an average, because averages are fallible, and

sometimes inclined to look with a good deal of above them and below them are many things yet to smug satisfaction upon columns of assorted figures be considered and accounted for and corrected and which seem to prove that all is well with the average. accomplished. R. L. E.

But such statistical indulgences seldom take all of the facts into consideration. This elusive individual

known as the average is rarely found. And the (but So bo QolkqsLl

fallacy of averages comes when we fail to take into account what is above and below the average. As the doors of the universities swing open,

The fact that the average man tries to meet his thousands of young men and women enter, just obligations doesn't improve that great class of eager to train themselves for better living. They

men and women who do not meet their obligathink that college will answer all their questions tions. The fact that the average man is not starvand point the way for the accomplishment of all

ing, does not tell us anything about the man who their dreams and ambitions, hopes and desires.

is starving. The fact that the average man tries to They feel that the magic letters "A. B."attached to

observe the commandments of the Lord and the their names will constitute an open sesame to life.

rules of life does not give us any picture of those But at best the universities can only take what who break all of the commandments and ignore all the students bring them and work upon what the the rules. The fact that the average man can be students themselves are. Some pertinent questions

reasonably well trusted doesn't help us with those could be asked by each student as he enters. The

who cannot be trusted. The fact that the average first might well be, "What am I taking with me to

rainfall in the country is adequate, does not void this new endeavor?"And his answer, it is hoped,

the fact that there may be floods in some places and will place at the top of his list: faith—a deep and

burning drouth in others. The fact that the mean abiding faith in the residual goodness of the world

temperature of a certain town is 70 degrees does not and an unshakable belief in a personal God. Other

take into account the fact that it may be subzero items he will have on his list are enthusiasm, which in winter and unbearably hot in summer. will keep him vigorously doing right; willingness to

If parents rear a family of four children and three work; eagerness for study; an active imagination

of them live according to the best things in life and which will enable him to foresee the fruits of good one of them is a disgrace to all that is considered action and the bitter dregs of bad; intellectual honto be good, it might be said statistically that the esty, which will make him know that it is better to

average of that family is acceptable—but that does fail a subject than ruin his character; and courage,

not remove the heartache to parents and the sorrow which will enable him to stand by what he knows to others, caused by the one who was not "average."to be right.

The Savior of the world once preached a sermon The second question which he might ask is, on the fallacy of averages when He spoke of the "Where am I going?"Some definite goal should

ninety and nine, and the one lost sheep. If the be in the minds of those who enroll. It is essential

shepherd had been impressed by averages, he would that they have some idea of the vocation which they have been content in the knowledge that most of wish to enter. Opportunity and vision go hand in

his flock was safe and he would not have gone hand, and unless the vision of the work that is to forth to seek the one who was lost. be done is clearly in mind, the studies pursued will

Sometimes in our Church activities it would frequently have little practical value. While it is

seem that we are inclined to take much satisfaction true that the vocation chosen early in life may be in long lists of figures, showing an "average of changed later, people have found that the positive twenty per cent attendance,"or "an average of studies pointing to one goal have been of value fifty per cent enrolled,"or "an average of so many when the vocation was (Concluded on page 632)

erty. This "inheritance"he is free to use as he

chooses. His free agency is carefully guarded.

(Doc. 51:4; 104:7375.) under and Cov. He isEvidences and obligation only: one to to be and loyal to the Order

be wise and industrious in the use of the "portion"given him. Especially, the idler has no place in thereconciliations Order. (Doc. and Cov. 75:29.)

Should the use of a man's "inheritance"yield xxx.. ChsL QommumMVL antL QtA. a surplus above the needs of himself, his family,

and his business, such surplus is placed in the comdtsdcdjuL "9awia!'(ph&pwwd&u to mon treasury, for the benefit of the Order, to

provide inheritances for the young, to care for the

JhsL lAmJbucL OajcIcjl? unfortunate, and for all ventures and institutions

for the public benefit, as may be approved by the

HThe United Order is the popular name of an ecomembership of the Order.

nomic system revealed to the Prophet Joseph Should a man, because of insufficient natural enSmith. It is sometimes called the Order of Enoch, dowment, or caught by uncontrollable circumsince it was practiced by that patriarch and his stances, fail to make his inheritance yield enough

people. It is also spoken of, and more correctly, to meet his needs, he would receive assistance from

as the Law of Consecration because of its vitalizing, the common treasury. The fortunate would thus

directing principle. (Doc. and Cov. 42:32.) Its assist the unfortunate. None would be allowed

structure and operation, as far as given, are deto suffer.

scribed in the Doctrine and Covenants, notably in The principles operating in such a "United sections 42, 51, and 104.* Order"are almost selfevident. The Order rests

the faith of acceptance the Gospel, upon in God, that doctrine Order rests upon the The United

1 Christ, and the Jesus Restoration, of the Prophet activities spiritual are based upon and temporal the same or similar eternal laws. The laws that and the moral and spiritual life required by the

prevail in a spiritual sphere must measurably govern Gospel. It is formed for the benefit of each infor member. not exist members do The existence. earth temporal can Zion be built dividual on A

of the the welfare for their but the Order Order application of the of the celestial laws only by the kingdom. (Doc, and Cov. 105:5.) benefit. The equal rights of men to seek prosperity

is strictly Therefore, since the Gospel holds out to all men are recognized. The right of free agency

is given an equal chance the promise of eternal life and the possibility of the respected. Every man

same degree of exaltation, if certain laws are in life as he is given his "inheritance."The unobeyed, it seems reasonable that there must also be equal powers of man are acknowledged; but no

laws which, if obeyed, will enable all men to attain man is allowed to suffer because of lack of capacity the same degree of temporal salvation. Equality or natural inhibitions. Relative equality in possessin the life to come is promised the faithful; equality ing the material joys of life is preserved by rein life on earth is also promised if the way of the turning the surplus to the common treasury. Love

Lord is followed. This must be so, "For if ye are of man for man is ever present. In structure the

not equal in earthly things, ye can not be equal system is not involved, and in practice relatively in obtaining heavenly things."(Doc. and Cov. simple. But it requires, on the part of every mem78:6; also 104:1517.) ber, a recognition of the brotherhood of man, and

will for good. the common of understanding re- a rigid the United Order A full Clearly, results the of the United Order would quires careful revelations study of the the subon

ject. In briefest outline it is formed and operated be most beneficial and glorious. Not only would

as follows: It is organized under Church authority the poor and weak be assisted, but that earthly

by the voluntary action of a group of men holding equality would be brought about which is a necesthe Holy Priesthood and their families. All ofsary preparation for the celestial world. (Doc.

ficers are drawn from the membership of the Order. and Cov. 78:6, 7.) All would have the opportunity

All members, upon entrance into the Order, pool of improving their talents; they would seek one antheir resources, that is, place them, as a consecraother's interest and do all things with an eye

( Doc. and Cov. 82: 1 8, tion, in the common treasury of the Order. ( Doc. single to the glory of God.

and Cov. 42:32, 33.) Each man is then given, 19.)

from the treasury, his "portion"or "inheritance,"The United Order has actually been tested by that is, the means or capital with which to make a the Church, during short periods, in Ohio, Missouri, to benefit and Utah. Its power humanity living for himself and his imfarm and family—a demonstrated. has been But it that also found was for the farmer, plements a for tools the shop and

mechanic, etc. (Doc. and Cov. 51:3.) As the few men were prepared to render full service in

youth within the Order grow into maturity they such a venture. Men must cast off their selfishare likewise given their "inheritances"from the ness to be worthy members; they must revise many

common treasury. His "inheritance"is deeded to traditions handed down through generations of

each member; it is his very own; it is private proptime; and they must build in their hearts an

love for their fellow unwavering this All men.

referred always *Joseph Smith selfdiscipline years. over Then, many the whereas Stewardship, Utah experimentsto the plan asestablishedthe Law ofunderConsecrationthe directionand requires

of as Order. were the United known Brigham Young For a discussion

differences principle of the between two in see and practice Priesthood and too, persecution from the outside made it difficult 126131. In instance, the present Welfare, Church pp. "United Order"to live under the United Order.

original for the is used as the popular term plan of Consecration Stewand ardship. These and other con- {Continued on page 633)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1940 diamine ONE PATTERN By Lucia Mallory

in Schaffner Scholarship Mary Don't Serve uThe is Economics awarded to Home Joyce Rowley."

A tall, fair girl stepped out from her place among the grayclad seniors to accept the gift from her high school principal. SKIMPY Before she resumed her seat, she turned to

smile happily at her mother, who sat in the front row of the section reserved for parents.

From my own seat on the other side of the auditorium, I caught a glimpse of the and pride in the mother's answering Breakfasts.. lovesmile.

Walking home from the Commencement

Exercises with my friend, Flora Barron, I recalled that smile and spoke of Joyce Rowley's achievement.

"There is a little story behind Joyce's success that I think you'd like to hear,

Lucia,"Flora told me.

Knowing how much Flora had contributed to the welfare of her own and other people's children, I was not surprised, as the story unfolded, to learn that she had had a part in Joyce's success.

"The Rowleys have been our neighbors for years,"my friend began. "There are

three girls in the family. Ruth and Genevieve were in high school when Joyce was

born. Both were brilliant students, graduating with the highest possible honors. They

went through the state university with the same fine scholastic records and became successful teachers. Ruth is now at the head

of the history department in a large high school, and Genevieve is married.

"Joyce was a chubby, happy child whom everyone in the neighborhood loved. She

liked nothing better than to come over io, to help care take Helen me and of Jack Staid, th&m. offl, babies, they she though only were when was

a few years older than they.

"Mrs. Rowley found her youngest child

until entirely satisfactory, she started to xt. pep! school. to disAtJwoL fidt, dismayed Then she was

cover that Joyce could not, or did not, win School children often skimp on lunches—don't honors by her achievements, as her sisters

skimp their breakfasts, too! Serve them a subhad done. It was true that she did not fail;

stantial nourishing breakfast of wholesome she"Joycesimplywaspassedcontentedwithin averageschool untilgrades.her

pancakes, made the quick, easy way with mother began to nag her and urge her to

Globe "Al"readymixed Pancake Flour! Nothdo better work. The child was kept in from

ing for Mother to do but add liquid. Both chilplay and made to study after school. She

dren and grownups love these delicious BUTwasport scoldedcards withbecausegradesshe3 broughtinstead ofhomethe re-l's

TERMILK pancakes and the buttermilk makes her mother thought she should be able to them extra digestible! Thrifty, too, because attain. Everyone could see that the little

THREE "Al"pancakes cost girl was losing her happy disposition and

ONLY A PENNY! Buy a packbecoming"My chanceconsciousto helpof inferiority.came one evening

age of Globe "Al"Pancake when Mrs. Rowley brought the offending

Flour ftrom your grocer TOreport card over and asked me, as an old

DAY. teacher,''Don'thowyoushe knowcould thatwake childrenthe childcan'tup!

all be cut to one pattern?'I asked her.

'Ruth and Genevieve were fine students, but Joyce has her own excellencies. Don't

you remember the day that our club met GLOBE "Al"with you last winter, and Joyce came home from school and slipped out into the kitchen and quietly washed all of the dishes for you? How many tenyear-olds could prePANCAKE pare a simple meal for their fathers as Joyce

does when you have a headache? I'll tell

you, Mrs. Rowley, all of the fine grades in FLOUR the world could not enable me to keep my

house clean or take good care of my babies.

That was something I had to learn when

I stopped teaching school. There isn't a smaller particles, for greater digestithis is the

greater career for a girl than homemaking, bility.

and Joyce has already made a fine start Milk has a pleasant flavor and is ain that direction!'"To my great relief, Mrs. Rowley acgeneral favorite among all classes of CHAPARRAL

cepted my advice in the spirit in which it people. Milk contains sugar, fat, pro- >- Tt

was offered. You saw the end of the story tein, and mineral salts. It is the best

when Joyce received her scholarship. Mrs. source of calcium (lime), which is

Rowley needed only to learn that one patessential for building strong teeth and tern abiiity of and achievement not would bones.

fit all of her children. Since time, that she that of the of advantages milk is One theand have been Joyce mother happy and

it used in a great ways. be many may that thisdaughter evening."you saw

butter, cheese, cream, Cream, ice and that Mors the substantial valuable buttermilk add and nutritious,(H&hsLA. 9{ow variety to the diet in savory, and useful forms. Milk helps to makeXJTousewives should familiarize themgood sauces, cakes, bread, and conHONEY

selves with the new federal gradfections.

ing law which requires that all Tuna canners must show grade on label.

Below are the various labels and what they signify:

FANCY SOLID PACK TUNA Barbara This grade Badger By almost be the must whole Burnett that's in the steak of the small lbs.) (under 50 Dinner Macaroni Tuna better flavored tuna.

shells macaroni cups ) ( or Shredded VAGRATED TUNA teaspoon chopped onion GRAHAMS Yi This is the best grade of the ready- 2 butter tablespoons style grated from choice tuna flour tablespoons machinepacked salt teaspoons STANDARD TUNAfor economy.(or no grade 3m teaspoon pepper marked) lAH teaspoon paprika

This evaporated milk cups grade be pieces and may 25% cup water the larger whole from of i tuna 75% less desirable flavor. cups grated tuna

cup peas, canned drained tk FLAKESTUNA buttered bread crumbs This label permits use of the leftover pieces or trimmings. Cook shells in boiling, salted water until

tender. in butter until onion Cook onion are varieties four There PURITY of Tuna

is slightly flour browned. and seasonAdd (Albacore, Yellowfin, Bluefin, and ings blend. milk and and water Addstriped) is but the variety usually not gradually stirring cook, until and constantly

mentioned on the label because all are thickened. Place half the cooked shells in

of fairly equal quality. Abovemen- a greased baking dish. Add tuna, peas, and

tioned leading brands of fancy tuna half the sauce. Add remaining shells and

are both Yellow/zn variety. sauce. Top with crumbs and bake in a

Yellowte/7 and bonita are not tuna moderate oven (350) thirty minutes.

and it is illegal to label or advertise Fresh Corn Chowder these cheap fish as tuna.

1 onionMILK—THE ALLSEASON FOOD 92 slices fat, salt pork cups potatoes, cut in halfinch cubes

P\airy products are the basis of cups boiling water 2 freshly cups at meals season are any parand cut or canned corn Get grocer! from a package your

1 salt teaspoon fallticularly children needed when teaspoon pepper % inare active meal when school—andin milk cups... OFFER! SCHOOLDAY

isplanning for a renewed problem the 1 butter tablespoon 384 PAGE DICTIONARY WEBSTER MODERN mothers.We can expect milk to have admir- 1 tablespooncrackers flour foron onlyflap inside10c plusboxpictureof Honeyof "Boy"BeeprintedGrait is qualitiesable because Big desksize by made volume [5'/2x7% salt fat in Cut pork small pieces fry hams! andnature thouseemingly Defines inch). intended exclusively in slowly a kettle. sliced onion and Add

... words sands ofas a food. did her best to inNature five minutes. cook cubed potatoes Add and

sure to humans and all other mammals boiling water. Simmer slowly until potacover of genuine

moroccoFabcote,proper nourishment infancy. during (Concluded on page 612) like to look grainedMother's milk the is best for baby.

leather. Offered

for calf, the is best bear'sCow's milk you solely to induce milk for the cub, and lion's milk for to try delicious the whelp. When the milk of an animal Honey Bee Grahams!

is used to nourish the young of the it species, shouldhuman be modified. PURITY BISCUIT CO.,

milk is usually cow'sThat modi- I Salt Lake is why City, Utah

Ified find to Enclosed adjust plus it to 10c picture of the the needs baby. of "Boy"

I printed flap on inside of of box Bee Honey Pasteurization long has recogbeen Please Grahams. send DicModern Webster

tionarynized postpaid. as the best milk I of making means

I recent additional yearssafe. Within I Name inimprovements modifying milk cow's

I Addresshave been developed—irradiation,, for

enrichment with precious sunshine I City State

WINTER"vitamin D, or homogenization, and SISTER L the 'READYBIELER'S FOR"HOME"A SECURITYHARD PLAN RESULTS. intobreaking the fat globules of up S. Paul Photo by Bieler.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1940

Homing ontunaa fishlargemixture;platter.arrangeBetweenon lettucethe tomatoesleaves within refrigerator.sweetened whippedBefore cream.serving, garnish

place of and a asparagus servings arrange ( Concluded from page 611) the strip top. edge Around of pimento on

deviled eggs; the seasonings. platter arrange soft. the of corn and are toes Add the Rack Book On

flour, olives stuffed slices butter, of and garnish and with milk. the add MeltAdd page 603 Concluded from (

olives. ripe from cut small gradually to chowthoroughly. wedgesblend Add

of the the first World outbreak With slightly until stirring thickened. der, Pour

over crackers. Jonathan Pie War, his opportunity came. With Thomas

himself proved Benes to Masaryk, whom toast slices cinnamon 5 the influence to loyal, began he Salad completely and Grape Pear 2 sauce cups apple establishing desirability of the Allies with 1 (fresh Pudding Vanilla or half large peeled pear a Royal package Place nation. as autonomous the an Czechs side milk grape green a up, hollow 2 on cupscanned), to plan Allies the the began After when war

lettuce. whites of a 2 cream leaf Blend egg package or on iman peace, Benes became for permanent

fill sugar tablespoons 3 tablespoons and creamcheese with two Nations, of the in factor League portant 1 juice halves. the grapes the of center lemon teaspoon pear Cut his greatest to prove be yet which may of rind the grated in seeds. Press grape half lemon and remove Y the Following world. the contribution to

into side cheese, the halves, cut down, crusts toast, believed fondly would removing of he cinnamon breakup what Make it that rethe completely,covering so pear rights, lightly. their the of toasting and and countries small Line bottom assure and grapes. with big of Servesembles a bunch his of pieces dish resigned from with debacle, sides of he shallow baking the Munich dressing.French

first trip to slightly to in his toast. apple America sweetened post and Pour made

Tomato Salad Plate sauce. Mix the vanilla pudding and milk lecture on democracy under the auspices of

to make smooth paste. Bring slowly to boil, the University of Chicago.

6 medium tomatoes stirring constantly; cool. Pour over apple As great a figure as he was in success, he

salt and pepper sauce. Beat egg whites until stiff; add sugar is greater in adversity. A man to admire

tuna cups 14 in well. slowly, beating lemon juice Add is Eduard Benes.—M. C. /. cucumber cup diced Y2 rind. on and grated by spoonfuls Drop

1 teaspoon lemon juice top of vanilla pudding. Bake in a moderate WILD ANIMALS

3 tablespoons mayonnaise oven at 350 until meringue is brown. (Compiled by Frances E. Clarke,

6 tablespoons French dressing Macmillan Company, New York, 1 can asparagus tips New Chocolate Pie 1939. 335 pages. $2.50.)

lettuce collection wild of animal "great chocolate pudding 1 package pimento inthe INstoriesthis compiler of has day,"our 2 cups milk stuffed olives ripe and stories Laurence Beebe, William 1 by cracker crumbs cluded graham cup deviled 12 halves egg Marshall, Dallas Lore Edison Housman, butter, melted cup 34I/3 writers of other noted and Sharp, from many stem a slice Cut end of tomato and cup sugar remove pulp. Sprinkle with salt and pepper whipped cream, sweetened today.

and invert tomato on plate to drain. Chop Mix pudding with milk; bring to a boil. In addition to the recognizable animals

and drain tomato pulp. Mix one cup of Roll graham crackers to make fine crumbs; treated, the story about the newly imported

this with tuna, cucumber, lemon juice, and add the melted butter and sugar and mix Koala bear is tragic; the essays are provocmayonnaise. Season with salt and pepper; well. Spread on the bottom and sides of ative of thought; and all in all, the book

chill. Pour the French dressing over the pie pan to make a crust. Pour in the hot is invaluable in teaching a better underasparagus and chill. Fill tomatoes with chocolate pudding mixture; cool, then chill standing of wild animal life. M. C. ].

I. A. Heading Course Books M.

Executives Unto The Hills $1.50 Explorers Selected Book of Mormon Stories

By Richard L. Evans (Supplemental Reading Material: Book of MorSpecial Interest Groups Unto The Hills $1.50 mon, Postpaid, 60c; Voice From The Dust, $2.50,

By Richard L. Evans By Genet Bingham Dee)

Special Interest Groups Juniors Hello Life $1.50

One Who Was Valiant $3.00 By Elsie Talmage Brandley

By Clarissa Young Spencer and Mabel Harmer Scouts Monarch, The Big Bear $1.50

M Men—Four Gospels and Acts of the Apostles By Ernest Thompson Seton

Gleaners—SameWith Coordinatedas M Menarticles in the Era BeeHive By Kate SeredySinging Tree $2.00

NOW IS THE TIME TO SELECT YOUR

LeteonaLeteonciUze TMAS CARD!

We have the most beautiful assortment ever offered in Utah. Be sure to see

them during Conference Week.

We carry a full line of L. D. S. Church Literature, as well as general books for

Home and School Libraries.

Deseret Book Company BOOK HEADQUARTERS 44 East South Temple Phone—3-4591 Salt Lake City, Utah

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; JOHN A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH F. MERRILL, AND SYLVESTER Q. CANNON

RENEWED OPPORTUNITIES less data, than those in use during 1939. Davis, Utah, etc., please do likewise?

HPhe heated summer season has passed They can be obtained, of course, from with its effects in slowing up quorum the Deseret Book Co. Roger Babson is reported as saying

activities. With the coming of cooler ( 2 ) The quarterly reports called for the first aim of the new Prohibition

weather and increased activity in manyby the Council of Twelve are separate Party is to have character education lines of effort recurs the opportunity to and distinct from the annual reports. the basic good of schools and colleges.

put more life and vigor into quorum The information they call for is indiThis is fine. To be of value religion

activities. Quorum officers will probcated on the report forms of each quaritself must be rooted in good character.

ably not be slow to recognize the ter. Since the questions on the forms

differ to quarter from somewhatchanged situation and will have planned quarGOOD FOR THE JUDGE ter, quarter, only current the forms for for it.

But going back a step, the stake authat is, the quarter being reported, HpHE National Voice reports that thorities should make sure that all quoshould be used. Unused forms of Judge Harry S. McDevitt of

rums are fully organized. Vacancies, former quarters should never be used Philadelphia announced that without

if any, should be filled as soon as posto report the current quarter, for exexception, every drunken driver who sible. Next, quorum presidencies ample, forms, for the second quarter, appears before him for a sentence will

should immediately fill any vacancies 1940, should not be used to report the be jailed. "It will make no difference

in their committees. With the mathird quarter, 1940. The heading how rich or influential the driver may

chinery thus set up careful preparation printed on the form always tells the be, the court will not be impressed by for its functioning is next in order. A quarter to which it belongs. In many friends who try to intercede for him."

careful examination should be made of cases those making the reports seem In addition to being jailed all drunken the work to be done, a decision reached to have overlooked this point. drivers will have their driver's license

of who shall do it and the cooperation revoked, the Judge announced. This

of the workers secured. Key positions stand of the Judge seems to have come,

efforts nevershould part at the be filled by people of orleast, from who ANTILIQUOR -TOBACCO in will Otherwise or cannot work. ganized Vigilantes not have worked who

tothe importance of the thing to mobilize public opinion against is in driving. advance. heavily discounted be done COLUMN drunken

Otherwise the form of the organization Would it not be well to make it ilits effectivenessrather than important.pear to be the most would apITEMS OF INTEREST liquorlegal forto anyonedrive onunderthe publicthe influencehighwaysof

Rightly understood, an opportunity Tn an address recently given in Los and to punish violators severely?

to serve in the Lord's work is seen as * Angeles, Mr. Roger Babson, well-

a precious privilege and cannot be known economist and a presidential STOP SMOKING neglected without serious consecandidate, is quoted by the National stop an addict can smoking? "LJowquences. depends upon propGrowth as saying: Voice A activity. did Stagnation an answer A Forerly you read directed and Mr. income last year was 68 Our national

decay result from doing nothing. These billion dollars, or $170 less for every man, Cooper's article in the August number

are the least results. In addition, there woman and child than it was sixteen years of the Era?

may be divine condemnation. For ago. In the meantime the cost of liquor,

etc., over increased crime, gambling, has it is actfailure to a responsibility when PROGRESSES CAMPAIGN last THE the during capita. per year $70 per is disservice to the Lord,to a do so

years. interest has it blessing to been shown and does, as one sixteen IITuch adenying,

or more of our Father's other children. Our aim is total abstinence of every work done in our total abstinence

"We serve the Lord by serving our Latterday Saint. campaign. Many thousands of copies

fellow men."of the paper "America Awake,"the

Let not officers or leaders in PriestReports from England indicate that leaflet "Who Has A Right To Drink?"

hood quorums fail to feel the heavy the British drys are vigorously camand pieces of other printed matter have responsibility of their positions. Conpaigning for prohibition as a necessary been distributed during recent months.

sistency and honesty require them to step in winning the war. The need for Another printing of 60,000 copies of

be active in discharging their duties. saving agricultural supplies is a potent "Alcohol Talks to Youth"has been

Let the season 194041 stand out for argument for prohibition. made.

the quantity and quality of quorum office Presiding Bishop's has Theactivities. in enforcement Laxity law was

material, to the to prepared soon go Criminal Philadelphia the blamed by field, will to specially that boys. appeal REPORTSROLLS AND in increase for Association Justice an the of Gleaners and The Men M for responsible all city during are those in that classes crime of who All I. enter the to are planning A. M."first statethis year. of quarter the records of making and keeping the A in effective a Campaign way. and new as this will of be accepted kind groups and of Priesthood ment reportsof will Definite be announcements made

( person. is, observing true secpresidencies that every and byquorums are ready. they when

folthe ofretaries) advised should be lowing: In Salt Lake County a committee of The Priesthood quorums and the

(1) The new 1940 roll books for competent, influential members on General Boards of Relief Society and

Priesthood quorums and groups provide which each of the fifteen stakes is Primary are all actively at work profor the keeping of all data necessary represented is cooperating with the moting the interests of the campaign.

for the annual reports that will be County Attorney's office for the enWe are all united in our great obcalled for by the Presiding Bishop's forcement of the laws against the sale jective to secure total abstinence in office near the close of 1940. These of tobacco to minors. Will stakes in every Mormon home.

roll books are simpler, that is, call for other counties, such as Cache, Weber, (Continued on page 614) ).:

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1940

REPORT FROM GRANT STAKE Drom month to month in this column HERE ARE PICTURED THE PERand in circular letters that have been SONNEL OF THE PORTLAND STAKE sent to the field, the general committee MISSION PHOTOGRAPHED AT THE has urged stake committees to use their JULY STAKE MISSION CONFERinitiative in sponsoring an effective proENCE. THEY ARE STANDING IN

PORTLAND OF THE DOORWAY in their of THE the use stakes againstgram

S. E. 2931 TABERNACLE, STAKE has tobacco. liquor and The request HARRISON, PORTLAND, OREGON

also been made that any unusual features or successful methods be reIn the front row are, from left to ported to us so that all stakes may right: Cecil Larson, mission secretary;

have the benefit of this experience. A Archie Griffin, stake mission president;

few stakes have sent in encouraging L. A. West, counselor, Portland Stake

presidency; and George L. Scott, stake activities. of their hopeaccounts We

president. later all will orthat sooner make similar reports. Brother N. H. Hansen, Chairman of the Campaign Committee in Grant Stake, reports a number

of things his stake has already accomplished and several features of the program they now have in progress.

were stake ward committees After the and distributed the Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, November, 1940 widely and had organized "three booklets,"had shown the Sunday Text: Priesthood and Church Government.

School film to over 2,000 people and the (See also supplementary readings, problems, and projects below)

Morris Film to over 700 (with plans to finish this showing during the coming winter), they considered various suggestions which LESSON XXXI V. Diagrammatic representation of dumight be sponsored as stake projects. The Aaronic Priesthood: Nature ties and authority (see text, page

Through their cooperative efforts they and Authority 166) thirtysix inch handplaced eight by two (Read chapter 13, pp. 166170) Problems and projects

classplacards in each varnished painted, room in all the wards of the stake. Quo- I. Origin and meaning of name 1 Call for a review of the history of the

tations were used from famous men and a. Priesthood of Aaron because conAaronic Priesthood on earth based on a

women and the placards rotated so there are ferred on Aaron and his seed reading of Whitney's The Aaronic Priestdifferent statements in every class room b. Lesser Priesthood because an aphood, beginning in The Improvement Era

each week. This project will take a year pendage to Melchizedek Priestfor April, 1940, page 233, and appearing

to make a complete cycle of the placards. hood monthly in consecutive instalments.

Another oneyear project they are plan- c. Levitical Priesthood an appendage 2. How do the duties of the Aaronic

ning is to have a lecturer give a demonstrato Aaronic Priesthood offices compare with those in tion and lecture with a special chart in every II. Career of Aaronic Priesthood on ancient Israel, with those in the Church

.class in the stake. earth. (Consult series of articles by early in this dispensation? Are the modern

At the present time they are engaged in Orson F. Whitney beginning in Imcounterparts in keeping with the original,

responsibilities of fundamental April, Era, powers 1940, p. and 233) provement leaflet the distributing Has "Who A Right

this Is- a. Instituted Children of among in stake. the to every Drink?"The homeTo

3. all rael enumerate in wilderness we possibly Priesthood?Why can't teachers chairmen Society and Relief ward

are cooperating fully in this activity. b. Functioned from generation to genthe duties of any office in the Priesthood?

Among the Melchizedek Priesthood, they eration in Israel until John the How will new conditions continually arising are making every effort to put over the Baptist in the Church affect the requirements and "campaign of persuasion"by the personal 1. With coming of Christ, John responsibilities of each office, yet keep them

contact method. They have a "personal the Baptist commissioned to within the limits originally prescribed for

contact"director and an assistant who are close Mosaic dispensation each?

emphasizing this work in the Melchizedek 2. John the Baptist last man to 4. Ask the Aaronic Priesthood superpriesthood quorums. hold keys of Aaronic Priestvisor in your ward to give you his views

The Aaronic Priesthood has two projects hood on the suitability of the system of proon which they are working: One is to c. Restored by John the Baptist to gressive experience and advancement as he

have a fiveminute testimonial by a Priest Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery has seen it in operation. In what ways

or Teacher each week in sacrament meeting III. Authority of Aaronic Priesthood does the age division fulfill boys'needs?

a. the commission: General John the the of at regular beginning program. XXXII LESSON Baptist's (D. 13) message C. & the alternate but use week, each sameThey Priesthood: Aaronic Organization, The b. Spiritual Supple- (See powers I subject, Tobacco."Not Use Do "Why Offices, and Quorums mentary Readings No. in taking part are a Scrap DeaconsThe chapter (Read 13, pp. 171178) it Priesthood pass and1 1. To hold in the enContest quorum whichBook

deavors to make a scrap book with each on to others: Keys of the min- I. Outline of Aaronic Priesthood supermember contributing one page. Prizes will istering of angels vision in stakes and wards (see text,

be given to the quorums in each ward and 2. To preach Gospel of repentance page 171)

the stake exhibiting the best Scrap Book 3. To baptize by immersion for II. Quorum organization: the revealed

at the time set. remission of sins order

The other project of the Aaronic Priest- 4. To act as standing ministers to a. Quorum formed of required numhood is an essay contest. Each boy will the people in their need ber or majority

be furnished with a copy of a booklet and c. Temporal powers b. Class organization formed when

expected to write a 500word essay. Prizes 1. To attend to secular affairs of not sufficient number for quorum

will be given for the best in the quorums Church c. Orders of Priesthood should meet

and in the stake. The following subjects 2. Responsibility to look after in separate quorums or classeswill be used: Priests—"Alcohol Talks to poor, widow, orphan III. DeaconsYouth"; Teachers—"Nicotine on the Air"; IV. Progression in Aaronic Priesthood a. OrganizationDeacons-—"The Word of Wisdom in Prac- a. System of progressive experience 1. Twelve form quorum

tical Terms."and advancement 2. Presidency within the quorum

All will agree that the activities of 1. Deacons 1214 years of age b. Duties (See Supplementary Read-

2. 1516 of Teachers years ings age No. 2)this stake are campaign committee very

3. Priests 1. 1718 to assist Teachers, years Primarily of age congratulatecommendable. them We b. Priests, PriestAll worthy male Melchizedek benemembers and

interestfor their resourcefulness, and ficiaries of the system hood and encourage other stakes to follow c. Responsibility for welfare of 2. To learn of duties and authorthis splendid example. Church a common concern ity of higher offices

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1940

IV. Teachers III. The Church a needed instrument tend to broaden him out into a man of affairs

a. Organization (See Supplementary Readings, No. in the Church. Let any young man fill this

1. Twentyfour form quorum 5) office faithfully, and he will be honored of

2. Presidency within the quorum a. Organized agency through which men and blessed of God. (Keeler, Church

b. Duties {See Supplementary ReadGod deals with His children and Government, p. 41.)

ings, No. 3) presents His will 3. What an extensive field for labor!

1. Function as immediate watch- b. Authority must be vested in some In all his work, the Teacher must have the

men over the Church one organization rather than inspirit of his calling, which is nothing less (a) Monthly visits to homes dependently in every man. than the Spirit of God, to illumine his

of members c. Organized effort brings greater mind and make effective his labors. (Keeler,

47.) Government, p. Church in progress Constant ministry ( b )

least, previous to at some months, 4. For principles in Church organistrengthening IV. Valid Church

2. Pass Sacrament zation the time when a person is selected for

3. Respond to call of bishop in a. Authority derived from intelligence ordination to an office in the Aaronic Priestnumerous ward services and truth hood, the bishopric should have such per-

c. Ward Teachers b. Personal freedom of man within son in training. He should have learned

1. Appointed from orders of Melits laws the duties which will be expected of him.

chizedek Priesthood V. Purpose of the Church He should have shown an appreciation of

2. Function as regularly ordained a. To preach fulness of the Gospel: the privilege. He should have manifested

Teachers a missionary organization faith in the Gospel and evidenced good 3. Dignity of calling: example of b. To establish Kingdom of God habits. He should have shown willingness

Joseph F. Smith c. To establish peace to do the things that may be asked of him.

V. Priests VI. Responsibility of the Church Before his name is presented, the bishopric

a. Organization a. Concerned with whatever pershould be assured that he is prepared to

1. Fortyeight form quorum tains to human welfare fulfill these requirements. No one should

2. Bishop presides as president b. Intent on teaching truth be ordained to any office who does not

b. Duties c. Charged with preservation of inunderstand the duties and responsibilities

1. Include duties of Teacher and dividual freedom: use of free will thereof.

Deacon d. Seeks continually to discover 5. Church organization furnishes food in

2. May administer Sacrament principles sermons and books, and in the experience

3. May baptize e. Concerned with solution of pracand association of good and noble men

to superiority of their be because chosen ordain problems Deacon, Teacher, tical 4. May

people; it provides the shepherds of the men Priest not interfere with affairs other 1. Does

5. May lead meetings when Elder of members who are inspired because of their positions,

absent 2. Economic, educational, social Priesthood, calling, and close communicaVI. Bishops problems have spiritual equivtion with the Holy Ghost, to reveal the mind

a. Presidency of Aaronic Priesthood alents and will of God, which is spiritual food

b. Classes: General and local f. Called to preach Gospel to man; it supplies the favorable spiritual

VII. Preparation for and training in VII. Spirit of Church organization environment which in itself upholds and

Aaronic Priesthood: Bishop's re- a. Orderly arrangement of members sustains and feeds the fainting spirit.

sponsibility for young men ( See Supand officers into harmonious livChurch organization provides the exerplementary Readings, No. 4) ing body, for use and action cise needed to make men strong, in that

VIII. Ordination and setting apart b. Government by law, selfcontrol, it supplies places and positions in which

a. Certificate as evidence of ordinalove men may do work, for unless the spiritual

is of the in exercised nature performance office to tion every projects: Problems and

duties, religious to cannot grow. one hope officers b. Setting of apart 1. briefly the recount someone Have

visit It to gives systematic opportunity a in told projects: the of story as Plan Great RationalProblems and fatherless, the sick, the the comfort and

1. for reading and prepare Widtsoe. someone Theology, do A. John by Have How afflicted, teach, to the the poor; widow,

its in the provisions organization the references abrief found make Church comment this in comfort, preach, expound, and and essential? the of and TestamentBook Mormon New to that direction gain doing, strength so by Priest, office 2. ofto Teacher, Cite history the episodes Deacon, from Church

spirit shall suffer neither lethargy nor body its fulfilling is illustrating theBishop. Church how

life is idleness, the of from poison which its 2. 1, a threefold of: obligation a caring for Invite and Teacher, a Deacon, growth. and period 2, to the lesson fromPriest spreading a of hear members; and your knowledge

rest organization provides the Church duties. his feels the for 3, Gospel; concerning performing ordinances heeach how to satisfaction that only and him come who

is In while testimonies the building dead. they obtained what have Church waysWhat has placed peace with found and God

it is theirfulfilling of the In assignments? God? what ways Kingdom

his in himself laws; from with harmony and the 3. establishing idea get not should peace? Deacon "The rest refreshing that strength even comes

3. of his temporal are Substantiatethat personal duties experience a from wholly

filled after arises the as with vigor body is his or quite assertions otherwise duties the ofnature. regarding scope made The to sleep the peaceful a of night with meet research, in of requires study, necessity and organization churchextensive Suppleand the turmoil of day. and work

fill responsibilities his 5. the to part forpractice Readings, Call mentary on number the provides enorganization Church brief office."as responses his fromof quorum many memresist- that in strong vironment makes men his after Priest's) (the possible bers as nature the of referred passage very "The evil; force ing the of the valiant of example

to teach, carefully preach, exhort has thoughtfully expound, been read. andcalling—to is a us about and mighty power men women the that acquainted with be he—demands in strength. providing one moral with Day theseprinciples of Gospel."the do What influence discard under such by day we larger the reveal concerning statementstwo Readings Supplementary feelings, acts, thoughts, the the the the dethat the of Priesthood view work,view sires that spiritual to as Priesthood For tend decay, Government Church and even

itlifts of petty the of performance out mere off the effete matter. healthy throws body

duties? 1. the to are blessings air promised the as daily food and body What And by

LESSON XXXIII the Lesser Priesthood? They are not only and light, gathers new material for life and

The Church and Its Purpose to hold authority and administer in the name growth, so the influence of Church organi- (Read chapter 14, pp. 179184) of the Lord in temporal things and adminzation enables us to discard this evil in our

I. The Church authorized and named ister in certain outward ordinances; but also spiritual natures and gather up from our

a. By command of God there are privileges that the Lesser Priestsurroundings the good thoughts and truths

b. According to laws of country hood enjoy far exceeding those temporal that serve as food for spiritual advanceII. What is the Church administrations. They were to have the ment and perfection.

a. Body of believers organized by privilege of conversing with angels. Did Church organization guards the indiPriesthood invested with power you ever reflect or realize how great a vidual from loneliness and from disaster by

to carry forward on earth the purprivilege this is? (Orson Pratt, Journal of stimulating his hopes and ambitions, by

pose of God as contained in His Discourses, Vol. 7, p. 309.) feeding him the bread of life, and by teachplan of salvation 2. In fact, the Deacon may do many ing him the peace and comfort, the com-

b. The Kingdom of God on earth things to bless the people and make them panionship and joy, that spring from a

1. Keys committed to man on earth happy, and thereby dignify his office. It is knowledge of the brotherhood of man and

2. Preparation for coming of Kingan office which, if magnified, will give its the Fatherhood of God. (Priesthood Mandom of Heaven possessor a most valuable experience and ual, pp. 10, 11, 12.)

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

SPECIAL MEETINGS FOR ALL rection of Bishop Jos. L. Wirthlin—were fifteen in number, and their reigns,

the interregnums, cover a period Accounting System includingBISHOPRICS OCTOBER 3 Subjects:

of about three Funds: Tithing hundred years.

"\T7ith the approval of the First PresiFast Offerings It may be supposed, by some, that these vv dency, the Presiding Bishopric Maintenance dignitaries were synonymous with bishops,

Missionary to are judges as us known who all "common called of of meetingshas members

Building it is Israel,"in fact to a seems and whichall all bishoprics held to be ward day Assistance Welfare this their that favor theory of funcsome in 3, City. SaltThursday, October Lake Hospitalization tions to similar of bishopric, the those were being preceding theThis the day OcBlock Teaching Israel spiritual that time at the being under

it is thattober Conference, expected procedure Church the of of Priesthood, dominion Aaronic this will be the largest gathering of Reception—Hotel Utah—(8:00 to 11:30 which the bishopric is the legitimate and

ward bishoprics in the history of the p.m.) divinely appointed head. But, in order to

Church, Also invited to the meetings Music bear out this hypothesis, it would have to are stake presidencies, stake and ward Dancing be shown that the Judges were invariably the the of of house posonly Aaron, one Programclerks, of Councils, High and members legal right sessing the bishopric to a and Refreshments first missions.presidents of meetThe offices lesser the the of Priesthood. major of ward bishoprics and wives Members will at in the 9:00ing Tabernacle be discase, the it effectually such not was As guests and invited

a. will Presiinclude m. speakers The the of that question. poses However, some

dents J. Reuben Clark, Jr., and David of the Judges held the Priesthood, though

O. McKay, and all members of the not governing necessarily by virtue of its

Presiding Bishopric. A feature of the THE AARONIC authority, is not only reasonable and probcertain able, Scriptural as but as testimony illustrated talksmeeting will be on PRIESTHOOD it. this of history Secular says can make Beautification the upkeep andChurch

them: of buildings remodeling Churchand in by a series Seventh of articles their people the from rescued "HavingIrvin Ashton. T. Nelson and George W. the late Elder written by Orson their enemies, they or governors became

The afternoon will be devoted to de- F. Whitney of the Council of rulers, discharging their functions in acpartmental meetings, each member of the Twelve. Published origcordance with the expression of the Divine

bishopricthe charge of having one deinally in "The Contributor."will,manner.whichTheywas ledascertainedthe armiesin ina battle,prescribedand topics, special aspartment in which

listed below, will be discussed. VII directedjudge neitherthe publicheld theaffairspositionin norpeace.exercisedThe

It is that stake urged and ward ficers in cothe various communities ofThe Reign of the Judges littlethe powerelevatedof abovea king;thehismassofficeof thewaspeople.but a

position hereditary, the not judge in The wasoperate the of transportation matter enters narrative upon now revelasupernaturally being designated by in that theto order Salt Lake maximum scriptural that portion of tion to others. himself to or Our exercise The invited in atof those benumber may

his of of the consent depended powers the chronology as upon knowntendance.

the his people; authority did not always and of history the reign Judges. The is as follows: complete program The nation. the apextend over whole Once is this series of the history period of a

life; office his pointed for retained but he

General Assembly in Tabernacle (9:00 a. of revivals, or shortlived seasons of his successor was not always chosen im-

m.) reform, during which, the Israelites, mediately upon his death. Intervals, someexercisesOpening long, the occurred times very between of the weight opby downAddress and Purpose of Meetbowed Welcome either in the nation Judges, which was pression, their humbled and by Richards LeGrand ruler, to ing—Bishopof foreign subject without a or some

Supervision of Ward Recreational Activheavy afflictions, turned unto the conqueror."

L. Wirthlin Joseph ities—Bishop in penitenbesought Lord Him, and their of the Judges, names and The in Contacts Touch ChurchMore Human

First, principal achievements, as follows: are tial to lighten grievous sorrow, the Bishop O. Marvin Ashton

of of son Kenaz, and nephew—Othniel, load the nation groaned, under which SelectionMusical

of tribe the of delivered Caleb, Judah, who the Father ofThe Ward to restore the freedom and them and Bishop—The Israel the of from Chushanrisha- power President O. David McKay prosperity recklessly they so had thaim, after eight king of Mesopotamia, TempleThe J. Recommend—President years servitude. of Ben- a squandered. Second—Ehud, Jr. Reuben

fiftyeight jaminite, later, killed who, yearsIllustrated Beautification, Clark,Lectures—Church the heard prayers of Lord His coveof The king Eglon, invaded Moab, had who Upkeep, and T. NelRemodeling—Irvin true to and, people, eternal nant Palestine, His allied promthe of hosts drove and son, George Ashton W. ise, had compassion them. raised upon the Moab, and beyond Amelek Ammon, He ExercisesClosing

their deliverers, inflicting midst from up of crushing Jordan, de- a them upon menRecess 2:00 to (12:00 m.) p.

valor, their and feat his wisdom for championed fourcountry who winning and toDepartmental Meetings 5:00 p. m.) (2:00 cause might, with being divinely and, score aided years of peace. Third,—Shamgar, direction of Bishop Assembly Hall—under efforts, in their succeeded in repeatedly led of laborers, son Anath, of a band who Richards LeGrand

off throwing galling the of agricultural only bondage, with armed yoke implements, Subjects: Building Projects New in restored lost part prestige and the the of Philistines, against the himself six slaying (Building) Finances

commonwealth. Hebrew But sooner of hundred with no Fourth, them was oxgoad. an Furnishings

deliverer the dead, one fear of further Barak, of of and Napthali, son who, Abinoam, Stake Budgets and Ward dispelled, danger the than to call the people responding would of the Deborah Priesthood Aaronic forget like again the and, Israelites God, prophetess, ten washed headed thousand Offerings Fast their to swine wallowing, lapse into against back of overwhelming an army CanaanBarratt direction of Bishop Hall—under the idolatry ites, inevitable and from great bondage a soldier commanded by named O. M. Ashton

lately they freed. which so had Sisera, been served of Jabin, king Hazor. From who Subjects: Selection of Officers Ward this in condition, time, of course they Sisera routed would between was Mount How Church Welfare again intolerable the roused of the be the of by Kishon, and goad banks Tabor and Remodeling and Renovating oppression, life delivered once and his the lost through at more of a while hands woman, Landscaping

the instrumentality of field succeeding battle, refugee of a some the inare from Custodians is champion. that cidents the too to well The dwell upon. known Judges—for Bishop's Building—4th floor—under diname by which these deliverers were known Fifth,—Gideon, son of Joash, a Manasseh616

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1940

ite, whom the Lord raised up to deliver ly by the reserve forces of the IsraelitishIsrael from the depredations of the Midianarmy. Scarcely a man of the flying host A Bishop Looks at Himself

ites, Amalakites, and Bedouin Arabs, who escaped over the Jordan. The Midianite {Concluded from page 599)

years, ravaged the landhad for seven broken, completely and carrypower was Israel and "Be still, and know that I am offing free. everything greatly of value, portable his heroic Gideon began again was

impoverishing the country, and compelling career by throwing down the altar of Baal, God."

the inhabitants to take to the caves of the but, strange and sad to say, afterwards Then a bishop must have time, as earth or fortified in shut themselves the almost allowed openly encouraged up and in missionary a cities for security. directed Gideon, in the idolatry. people practice of the of

his appearance. to personal the field, Weto attendoftenLord, chose three tried tribe warriors, hundred of the of Isaachar, Tola, and Jair,

and arming them with trumpets, and torches a Gileadite, are next mentioned as successive hear it said that a bishop must be enclosed in pitchers of earthenware, surincumbents of the Judge's office. Their neat and dress in good taste.

prised the enemy's reigns uneventful, a by camp were comparatively night. At or Agreed! In fact, I recall introducing

given signal, three the bold the reticence so hundred of history concerning blew them their trumpets, broke their pitchers, diswould indicate. Idolatry, however, became a friend of mine, a nonmember who

closing the torches, and shouted: "The so prevalent about this time, that God sufwas sincerely interested in the GosSword of the Lord and of Gideon!"A sudfered the Ammonites to oppress Israel pel, to a group of our bishops. I

panicden seized the sleep foe; roused sorely. finally from they were this yoke From for they were proud of them, was

the unexpected turnedby they delivered Gileadite phenomenon, Jephthah, a an and by of men. Imaggroup an outstanding their other, against their each weapons and outlaw, smitten having enemies, who

abandoning their camp and stores, fled was made the next Judge over the nation. ine the shock when in answer to a

wildly through the darkness, pursued eager- ( To be Continued) query later, this woman said:

"I liked your bishops. They seemed very earnest and very intelligent,

YOUTH AND THE WORD OF WISDOM butshine!"mostSo,ofyouthemsee, neededa bishopa shouldshoehave time to get a "shoeshine."

I believe our bishops endeavor to

TEA, COFFEE, AND TOBACCO state of excitation is followed by a corplan their services and honestly try state responding of debility and languor.INTOXICATION

creates stimuto have a definite message for their for another This the demand lant of some kind. In other words, every people from Sunday to Sunday. Do

Excerpts from the thesis of artificial up, is followed by a correspondnot be too quick to criticise. Instead,

is therefore, ing tendency, down. The services the part to your do makeSheldon Hunt Ross

for stimstronger a demand and downward reverential, impressattended, well is state ulants In created. time of a comis quoting of desirous some authorHpHE bishopric; ive. with your Cooperate is plete nervous and exhaustion mental A subthe authorities the best on of

little reached. help. without your they can do

coffee, tea, ject and tobacco of and rest quiet nerves Tired need not and and presiding brethren with Strive the written the quotingwill paper begin by stimulation. exhausted, nature needs When services to than our more make Coffee Kress, and "Tea H. David toby time recuperate her energies. exhausted

Intoxication."When her forces are goaded on by the use meetings; they should be hours of

of stimulants, more may be accomplished profound spiritual awakening, exuniversally are coffee tea so and Since for the being, gradually but time it becomes periences that our and make God it to asof place out doesused, not seem difficult to the energies to the rouse more vias out stand to Him or inbeneficial arecertain they whether is relationship desired will point, the ultimately and jurious to health. overborne, and there exists no power to tal realities. In a word, we should

The first effect of tea and coffee, as every deny the unnatural craving. Stronger and worship, not just meet.

It is is stimulation. becauseuser knows, of still It stimulants stronger are demanded. is the Spirit of Truth "When of these the effect that use their stimulating is this in are addicts drug made. way into all come, guide you He will so prevalent. has Thebeverages become is cigarettes of step use a logical The

tired, wornout mother, feeling the need of when the discovery is made that the cigartruth."Such is the promise. Every

something to spur her on, or the society ette serves the same purpose as the cup of bishop knows the power of it, and maintaining feels the of a need whowoman coffee, tea or and more effectively. Ameris the to obtain that he strives why disthe of fitness, havingfeeling made this disican are evidently making women of the guidance sure unerring and coffee tea or that a of cup of acovery cup for covery. accounts the tremendous This

serves this purpose, naturally resorts to increase in the use of cigarettes by them. Holy Spirit. He will find himself

their use. They answer the same purpose So far in my medical practice I have not stronger, his influence expanding,

tired orthat the to a wornout does whip cigar- a a of met smoker was who woman his convictaking testimony on new to is thing depend a poorhorse. whip The ettes addict. also coffee or a tea was not who

life tion, outlook on his whole trim, in horse and to wornout a keepupon is to the mortal a deceived on Many way yet that is what men and women are doing complete nervous exhaustion, and does not broader, clearer, and more tolerant.

delusive in that place dependenceas they they which depend upon it. That know faithful finds, the bishop What

fit. is It only a to keep by daycup day in indispensable consider keeping and up soul every other purif he may find advice medical time and ofquestion when is actually forces. the vital tearing down

possibly a stay at some medical instituThat tea and coffee are far from being sues the same path.

tion for rest and treatment are necessary. the harmless beverages that they are repreFinally, there is the allimpor-

Nervous exhaustion is a disease that is sented to be, will be seen from a report tance of little things, the humility so countries in extremelybecoming common the Life Extension given out by York New life.

is these placed in dependencewhere bevInstitute. of 16,552 examined Out by essential to the Christ way of men

erages, one of the chief causes of nervous the Institute, excessive use of alcohol was One of the precious memories of my exhaustion and insomnia in America I beconsidered to be responsible for seven perchildhood is that of seeing a kindly lieve to be the dependence that is placed in cent of the physical impairment, while coffee bishop stopping in the street to tie going. to these beverages keep up and tea and were assigned as a cause of forty the shoelaces of a distressed youngfirst effect or coffee either of tea The ailments of these and impairments.

is a feeling of exhilaration. This is purely {To be Continued) ster on his way home from Sunday

a drug effect. It is a form of intoxication. School. I was the youngster. The

in terminals caffeine the excites nerveThe brain the the through stomach them and DREAMERS years,bishop yethashowbeenradiantlydead thesehe livesmanyin foris heart. for the time the Fatigueand

gotten. The intellect is aroused, and the By Phyllis Frye my memory.

vivid.imagination There becomes more strive bishop successful must A lonely desert; on a feeling in wellbeing general of fact, a and is, NIGHTS if for for of humility, quality that

is, is this fitness. trouble Campfires burning merely low The

a state of nervous excitement, the effect Weary hearts near breaking: one would be great, he must first be

of which soon wears off. Naturally this "They"dreamed—long ago! "the servant of all."

THE RESPONSIBILITY

OF WARD TEACHERS By Bishop Joseph L, Wirthlin, Second Counselor in the Presiding THE SACRAMENTBishopric

(Concluded from September issue.) |"atter*day Saints should be urged to make attendance at Sacrament

regular habit. the meeting meeting a of which the Church It is the one indias the Teacher, Lord has The

It directed, attend. to has are been considered by commandment, the members to overcated us, should "watch

Church always"by lending his strength so important, so necessary to spiritual welfare, and so helpful in strengthenand assistance in all the experiences ing faith and fortifying against temptation that the Lord has commanded attend. to his people of sickness, times economicof life—in Section 59 of the Doctrine and Covenants contains the following:stress, in every and To way possible.

watch over the people always necessiAnd that thou mayest more fully keep thyself unspotted from the world, thou to offer the of thy prayer sacraments for house holy and day; up shalt go on mytates checkup, determining a constant

is this rest to a labors, appointed unto to from day your you and pay thy. in or not familieswhether unto the various verilydevotions the in righteousnevertheless shall offered thy High; be Host vows up

districts of the ward are attending Sacness on all days and at all times; but remember that on this, the Lord's day, thou

rament meetings, Priesthood meetings, shalt offer thine oblations and thy sacraments unto the Most High.

etc. A qualified, competent Teacher

will attend Sacrament meeting not only Nothing could be more direct. The command is clear. Attention

to benefit himself but to determine should be called to the fact that observance of the Sabbath day is very whether or not the people of his parclosely associated, also by commandment, with attendance at Sacrament ticular district are present. If they are meeting. It is evidently the desire of our Heavenly Father that the Sacranot then he should contact them, dement meeting shall be a spiritual benediction to the Sabbath day. Glorious

termining whether or not there is illness promises are made to those who obey these commandments. See Doctrine

in the home, or some other reason for and Covenants, Section 59, verses 1424. One of the best resolves a Lattertheir absence. A Teacher should alday Saint can make is to determine to keep the commandments of the Lord

ways impress the people with the fact and attend Sacrament meetings regularly.

that the Sacrament meeting is the most (Teachers should read all of Sec. 59 and call attention to the obligation

important event of the week in Church placed upon all members by the Lord.

affairs; that this service was instituted

by the Lord through revelation; that

He requires His people to meet to partake of the emblems of the Lord's Last ers is right, many of the presentday the teachers of the people, shall fulfill

Supper, to covenant again with Him questions in the minds of the young peotheir duty, and the people in turn gain that they will always remember His ple will be answered. The home, after a full understanding of the Gospel, and

sufferings and will keep His commandall, is the institution in which to discuss then have the faith to exemplify it in ments. the principles of the Gospel for young their daily lives.

The Teacher should be willing and men and young women, and here is afThe strongest stakes and wards in ready to answer all calls, whether it forded, once a month, the opportunity the Church are those where the project be for the purpose of blessing the sick, to discuss the questions uppermost in of teaching the people is done well and visiting the homes of those in need, or their minds with the servants of the fully. "And he gave some, apostles;

to encourage and exhort some inactive Lord. and some, prophets; some evangelists,

member to renewed activity. The The teaching of the people was inand some, pastors and teachers; for the

Savior said to His Apostles, "Feed my stituted by the Lord in these, the last perfecting of the saints, for the work of sheep, Feed my sheep,"an injunction days, as a safeguard against the tempthe ministry, for the edifying of the body that comes down through the centuries tations and inroads of the evil one. of Christ, till we all come in the unity

of time with just as much authority as We are preparing for that day when of the faith and of the knowledge of the when it was first spoken, and for which the nations of the earth shall be in Son of God unto a perfect man."The

there is just as much a need and just search of a plan that will bring happiinspired Teacher will bring the Saints as great a responsibility for the Priestness, joy, and progression, spiritually, "to a unity of the faith, and to a full hood of the restored Gospel as in the mentally, and physically, rather than knowledge of the Son of God, unto a first they of the war. Apostles.days that day And in shall cast perfect man."(THEEND) these mountains their eyes are toward Those to be taught by these who

of has the the flock always the house ofshepherds where should Lord been VALUE OF TEACHERS'WORK last established in the days, degree of where and the properreceive them with respect and hospitality due servants all nations shall flow unto it to receive T don't know of any duty that is more of the Lord. Evening papers should of the light of eternal life. The Lord sacred, or more necessary, if it is

be set aside, the radio turned off, and has commanded this people, in the 88th carried out as it should be, than the the head of the family should call all section of the Doctrine and Covenants, duties of the teachers who visit the members together and turn the family "And I give unto you a commandment homes of the people; who pray with

and the time over to the visiting Teachthat you shall teach one another the them; who admonish them to virtue

ers. The family should be willing to doctrine of the Kingdom."And again. and honor, to unity, to love, and to

ask questions and contribute any ma- "Verily I say unto you all; Arise and faith in and fidelity to the cause of

terial that is related to the message. shine forth, that thy light may be a Zion; who strive to settle uncertainties

If there is illness in the family, the standard for the nations."A standard in the minds of the people and bring

members should feel free in calling and an example for the nations, for the them to the standard of the knowledge these brethren to administer or to help destiny of the members of the Church that they should possess in the Gospel in any way possible. If the attitude of the Lord Jesus Christ will be estabof Jesus Christ.- President Joseph F.

of the family toward the Ward Teachlished only insofar as its representatives. Smith, Apr. C. R., 1915, p. 140.

the Use?""What's was Nephi, or may fail in our possi-

[com {Concluded page 601 WORKJOHN DONEE. TAYLOR,IN TEMPLENORTHBY itsbilitiesprogress,along still,the asway,God'sandworkthus itdeterwill

people originally immigrated to the WEBER STAKE go on.

Isle, when the opportunity affords itSeptember 1919 to June 1940 Do you recall reading in the early self, the problem would soon become Church history when part of the Saints, simplified as it would for all in the Endowment work for the dead.. 7,181 who had been sent on from Kirtland

to seal couples as Proxy man central building the of the to commence similar procedure. with aChurch wife 9,759 and in thus Missouri, chastened stake were of an the procuring year over a For to seal as couples Witness man Sec. Doctrine Covenants, (read and recsupply of unlimitedalmost Danish and wife 3,828

: it for the 1-10) not 105, "Were of the use possibleords by was made chilas to seal parent Acted

microfilm. Since the Nazis entered Dendren to their parents 47,643 transgressions of my people, speaking

mark, the records have no longer been Acted as witness at the font 34,155 concerning the church and not indiaccessible. Five thousand pages only, Baptisms for the dead 12,248 viduals, they might have been redeemed

child chilas a seal to Acted so be it not even now"? may And total the ofat num- $213.00, a cost was

their to dren parents 16,438 this missed Apparently with work? we entire Danish theber obtained by as seal chilto a witness Acted in opportunity the unDenmark, and that duringpopulation the of Church to their dren parents 2,882 other places doubtedly where in many indiis this truetime. not a Surely classified not 6,598 Work

been could succeeded have had fine we wecation of of the the attitude many flood, seize the tide to at its prepared Saints, rather but a Total 140,732 LatterdayDanish lack of coordination of forces. In any but even so, though we may pay with

case, that opportunity has temporarily continued struggle for our lethargy, passed, as in Sweden and Norway, greater need for genealogical research ultimately it must and will be done.

where there was no apparent opposihere at home. A membership in the Thirdly, since the very inception of

tion, though the undertaking of filming association not only means a contributhis work, we have been told that time records there was not tried out because tion to the library's bookbuying fund, was an important factor in its accomof the failure to arouse sufficient pracwhether or not you use its privileges, plishment, that our time in which to do tical interest in the Danish project. but each dollar so paid increases the it is short even though we throw all our

Now all avenues to European recvalue of the library to those doing reenergies into it. Would the pioneers

ords are closed except in Great Britain, search. This rapidly growing instituhave filled their mission had they

and any day may alter the situation tion contains more than ten times as waited for the conveniences of railthere. While progress is almost halted many volumes as in 1911 and has now road cars to carry them across the

in Europe as far as microfilming is conone of the outstanding collections in prairies? And is it not reasonable to

cerned, there is some successful rethe world. believe that the endowment of power

search being carried on, especially in If you find time hanging on your involved in a temple ordinance is of

Scotland, where more records are now hands, or even if you have to trim some immediate and immeasurable value to being received for a given amount of nonessentials from your life to find those beyond the veil who are involved money than at any previous time. some you may find this game of research in this crucial struggle of good and

In America, workers are reaping a more fascinating than stamp collecting, evil?

great harvest with the microfilm. Over more intriguing than the cleverest crossFourthly, we must prepare ourselves

a thousand records have been copied word puzzle contrived to kill time, be- /or our opportunity when it comes.

by this means through our local assosides having the zest of reality instead We must prepare our hearts as well as ciation and there is still an almost unof leaving a sense of ultimate futility. our finances, by organizing ourselves,

restricted field here. Particularly valuYet with all the urgency and interest as families, and as groups whose orable material has recently been obthat waits before us there are times igins are similarly located, to undertained from New York, Iowa (conwhen contemplating this work, we take this work on a scale of greater

taining information about many Lattercannot but stand aghast in horror, not magnitude and efficiency than we have day Saint families who were there beonly at the human massacre, but at the heretofore visioned. It cannot be cartween 1840 and 1850), and also films destruction, seemingly, of everything ried satisfactorily by a few; it needs us

of a hundred thousand pages of mathat makes for civilization. Has our all. Some of us who have become most

terial from Tennessee, where lived the procrastination placed those records for absorbed in it will develop patience and, ancestors of thousands of Mormon which we are responsible permanently remember that these ordinances, essenpeople. This last gigantic collection beyond our reach or is this war just tial as they are, are but the golden

is significant both for its size and the a temporary obstacle? links which weld the chain of life tomeans of its compilation, having been Time only will reveal just how these gether giving it a deeper, finer meandone through the Works Progress Adthings will be worked out. By the time ing, but are not all of life itself; and

ministration, Historical Records Projthis page is in print the whirlwind of that powers conferred, are but a clankect. During the past four years, upevents passing over us may have altered ing chain of mockery weighting us

wards of threequarters of a million facts we have just stated. But the few down with our undone deeds, as did

dollars has been spent on it by the fedvital things necessary to its accomthe chain of Marley's ghost, unless we eral and state governments. An acplishment we do know: live to make them vital. Each of us

count appeared in the Era of October, First and foremost, God has comshould realize that this ordinance work, 1938, p. 621, of the gigantic work permanded that the work be done, and we vicarious and otherwise, is to and for

formed by the German government beknow, as did Nephi of old, that "the us all, as are the joys of family life and fore the war in microfilming the geneLord giveth no commandments unto the the Priesthood powers they bind unto alogical records of its people. We children of men, save he shall prepare a us. Then shall we not desire to shift

hope, of course, that this information way for them that they may accomthis responsibility to a struggling few, will some time be available to our stalplish the thing which he commandeth but all join hands with gladness in its wart Saints of German descent. them."accomplishment, "lest the earth be

This increase in records in our And secondly, we know that though wasted at His coming,"which, by all library means greater opportunity and we as individuals may be valiant as signs He gave us, is verily upon us.

iMum TRACY Y. CANNON. MARVIN O. ASHTON

Chairman ASPER W. FRANK MUSIC COMMITTEE GENERAL CHURCH J. SPENCER CORNWALL D. PYPER,GEORGE M. ALFRED DURHAM First Asst. Chairman and Treasurer Offices General General Church HINCHCLIFF LESTER

ROBERTSON,LE ROY Music Committee D.GERRITSTERLINGDE JONG,WHEELWRIGHTJR. SecondJ. Asst. Chairman

SCHREINER ALEXANDER STREET, MAIN NORTH MITCHELL. 50 JENSENN. LORENZO FREDA

CITY, SALT LAKE Secretary UTAH FRANCES BENNETT GRANT

BEATRICE F. STEVENS

NOTES TO CHORISTERS ON NOTES TO ORGANISTS ON lables. At the end of each phrase take

CHURCHWIDE HYMNS CHURCHWIDE HYMNS a good breath of the value of the dot

By ]. Spencer Cornwall By Alexander Schreiner attachedgrace noteto "E"the halfin thenote.firstThereline thatis a

TJTymns to be sung during October, VS7ith the hymn book in hand, and should be played on the beat and re-

A A November, and December: Oc- * sitting on the organ bench, let us ceive a value of an eighth note. The

will likewise be an "D"following shall these three hymns. examine We Standard High Gospeltober—"The

note in length. in such eighth ourselves to is prepare play themRaised,"Book. No. 332, L. D. S. Hymn

This song should be sung in a rather a way that the organ will "sing"with A smooth, legato rendition of hymn joyful manner but should not be given the congregation, and vice versa, so number 235, "Before Jehovah's Glori- a speed which will make it light and that all those present will feel an unous Throne,"will emphasize its meloall the sure dious qualities. urge to sing along with the to play Be it thatirreligious. be conscious We suggest parts. presents stretch organ. wide When a high the forte throughoutsung and that

parts found over the words "high is Let the organ be prepared to sound itself in the left hand as in the tenth raised,""God be praised,"and "trials medium loud, with octave coupler measure of this hymn, or in the eighth past"should receive extra emphasis to drawn and with a sixteenfoot stop for measure of number 187, then the tenor create a wholesome uplift in the song. the basses. This registration will apnote must be played by the other hand.

The choristers should use a well reguply to each of the three hymns to be Always divide the four parts between lated beat which will not allow the considered. the two hands as will be most comsingers to lag or sing the song too The hymn "The Gospel Standard fortable. The tenor "E Flat"in the

smoothly, as this type of hymn requires High is Raised,"number 332, contains second measure may also be played by definite enunciation of the various a number of repeating chords. These the right hand.

words. should all be neatly separated to acFor hymn number 187, "From

November—"Before Jehovah's Glocompany the singing of separate sylGreenland'sprevious suggestionsIcy Mountains,"will apply.all theIn

rious Throne,"No. 235, L. D. 5. Hymn addition, let us consider the first half

Book, is of the more sturdy type and FUXFILLED note in the third line. Do not insist on

should be sung with a flowing throughout.of tone fullness By Delia Adams Leitner thiscongregationshalf note insinga dictatorialit as a quarterway. Mostnote The conductor

beautiful; I dreamed dream was rest. firm inarticulate following rather quartershould use a but them a Let The

I tried eagerly Most it like. sing of legato the to insure a certain ofbeat joy amount they way The

its to life, bring counterpart To It this issinging. singing in before might well the the imporbe numLord

denied: longings But were

partconsideration, the quibbling balanced notber to a encourage good I then tant length at paused, and Wearied singing as the harmony here is quite This vision came to me: over notes and rests. If the congregaimportant to the best performance of The gain I'd made in effort tion sings it as a quarter note, then

this fine number. Do not allow any of Was my dream's reality. play it that way also.

the phrases to be finished diminuendo.

Dignity should be the mood sought forDecember—"Fromthroughout. Greenland's Icy Over 44 L. D. S. Wards

Mountains,"No. 187, L. D. S. Hymn

LowellBook. one was Mason

finest his writers, of Own and Enjoy the BeautifulAmerica's finest hymn contribution being "Nearer My God to Thee.""From Greenland's Icy

Mountains"is another of his fine hymns, the text of which is very pertinent to our missionary work. Conductors willkindly note that there are only two I I

beats in each measure and that the song should be given a dignity in performance What are you doing for your Ward? Never gets

due to this type of meter arrangement.

this not sing rapidly; number tooDo out of Tune—Easy to play. Visit our show rooms

it forte throughout,keep with each phrase finishing strong. Note in the and listen to Seldon Heaps at the console during

third line over the word "from"in the first stanza, that this note is a half note. CONFERENCE.

Do not allow the singers to hold the tones over the word "sand"at the end of the second line so long that this folhalf full notelowing cannot given be GLEN BROS. MUSIC CD.value. message the of The words

should be made clear at all times during the singing of this hymn.

plorers and Juniors. However, the Exand the music directors to assure the

ecutives should inform the leaders and success of this evening.

the boys and girls of their responsibility Another concern is the assembly 26: "Let Us for November that the program to see check them with and

call for should This Give Thanks."inviting. is attractive and Church mades ISfiCutiVes the music close cooperation with also Bishopric has Presiding TheA WORD OF COMMENDATION stated, "See that a generous supply of rector to assure that the songs whichdiTP'he Executives wish to commend the mirrors is available"for decorative are chosen will be appropriate.

-* stakes and wards for their expurposes as well as for their utilitarian The activity counselors will need to music, the and the drama, check with chapels our organization this value. complete to makeceptionally We need

ascertain arts directors to speech folk that they the convenso appealing to young have attendedyear. As we

tions, we have found more nearly comwill be eager to attend Church. whether they know which assembly

plete officering of the Mutuals than Another part of the beautification programs they are responsible for and that assignments have been made and for that reads: years. when project in "To be responsible know previous We prepared. are being of painting, repairing learned the cleaning, have chosen and leaders are the

their assignments the season's program recreational halls. Keeping musical inThe manual counselors should visit

commences with fine spirit and carries struments in good condition, in tune, some of the departments in their class through to a successful finish. and properly covered. Also, have the sessions. They should also keep in

Interest Special their close with touch the equipment. stage care of scenery and wish to congratulate We also are progressthey that to learn groups are proon Associations cloak rooms See that hat and ImprovementMutual

the stirring way in which the fall sovided, that proper lighting is in and ing happily and to see whether new cials have been planned and executed. about the building, etc."units should be formed.

The enthusiasm which has been eviThis is a large order, but where the denced so far is an excellent indication division of labor is made with the coof the way in which the year's work operation of the bishopric, the workwill move forward. will move expeditiously and the whole Spe cial Interest -E-CP—CONVENTION PROGRAMS wardthe Mutualswill benefitare thefromorganizationsthe effort. Sincewho

VS7e feel happy over the convention use the recreation halls and the stage TLJeartwarming reports are coming ''program this year because we equipment the most, it is logical that to the General Board of the enhave been able to meet the actual offithey should be made responsible for thusiasm with which the Special Incers and leaders who are carrying the their upkeep. It is also a privilege terest work is being received and is

Mutual work. In recent years we have for them to have this assignment, for moving forward. For manual counnot had quite the opportunity for meetthe Executives of the M. I. A., who use selors, leaders, and officers of these

ing our leaders for a sustaining period these halls most frequently, know what units, we should like to stress that there of time. This autumn since our conneeds to be done. is no single way of organization. There

ventions are separate from the stake "Where there is an outdoor recreare several ways that will suggest themconferences we have had longer hours ational area, it should be looked after selves as you begin gathering your with our Mutual workers, with a conby the M. I. A."This is also a natural groups together for their study and acsequent freer discussion of the year's assignment and should be welcomed. tivity in this department. Select those

program. Particularly in the summer is it good, ways which seem best for your units.

HYMN PROJECT Wewhenneedwe toneedhavetorecreationalcare for oursectionsown. pointedProbablyafterthethe firstclass committeesorganizationapis

'"Pennyson once made the statement where young folks can go for wholeperfected should be the publicity and *"that he cared not who wrote the some activity rather than to be thrown the reception committees since the laws of the people so long as he wrote into commercial entertainment where continued success of the department their songs. When the hearts are no concern is felt for the upbuilding of will rest to a large extent on the notices

touched by the right kind of song, right their characters. which are made of the meetings and

action will result. When songs are of Another important item in the assignthe cordiality with which the members

the wrong kind, wrong action follows. ment states: "Where there are no are received.

We have always been known as a recreational halls, let the M. I. A. be The Special Interest work can and

singing Church. In recent years, we assigned to cooperate with some other should be one of the big attractions of

have fallen into a lazy way of singing groups."Already we have received the Mutual this year. Keep it a happy

the same songs, without knowing tnem reports of successful cooperation way of activity, letting each one in the well. The General Music Committee among several groups under Mutual class participate in some phase of the

of the Church has outlined a method leadership to provide dances, socials, program. As new groups are formed,

whereby we may learn to sing better and special features for the youth of give them an overview of the subjects and to use diversified songs. Executive the communities. Where this has from which they may choose that course

officers should learn the songs which been done, the standard of entertainwhich will be of most benefit to them, have been assigned for each month's ment has been raised, the cost of the remembering always that democratic practice and encourage the music disocials cut down, and greater pleasure procedure should be followed.

rectors to use them. See page 620 for has been evinced by those attending.

the songs for the next three months.

BEAUTIFICATION PROJECT PREVIEW OF NOVEMBER*T*he Presiding Bishopric has inWORK nTTIIeivtleaners * structed the Mutual Improvement HP'he Executives have their assignAssociations on their assignment in the ments to ascertain during this—CbHPhe M Men and Gleaner officers are

Church beautification program. Inmonth. The first concern is the Sunassigned the responsibility of three

cluded in this assignment is the decoratday Evening Service: "We Live With Tuesday evenings this year, the first

ing for all Church services with fresh Great Characters—Christ, the Exembeing scheduled for October 15, when

or potted flowers. In the Mutuals, this plar."The manual counselor could the reading course will be discussed.

privilege has been accorded to Exwell call into activity the speech arts (Continued on page 622)

Mutual Messages

(Continued from page 621 This lesson is purposely put close to the opening of Mutual so that the class members will be motivated to read the

New Testament and to use it in their lives. Scripture is always a safe guide

and in these days it is doubly comforting and inspirational. (See article by

Bryant S. Hinckley, "Why Read the

New Testament,"this issue, page 589.)

Have you ever read Luke 12:2732?

Read it today in the light of world conditions and see if it hasn't a new meaning. Don't stop there; read all

of the chapter—it's worth it. Have all

class members their own copies of the

New Testament? You can buy one

inexpensively and when it's your own, your notes and markings for emphasis may wisely fill its margins.

Have you noted the party in the offing? Tuesday, October 29, is scheduled for department parties and there

will be no assembly programs or study sessions that night. Each ward class

will plan its own evening. Since it's

up to you, get busy for a good time.

Are the M Men and Gleaners in your class socializing by now, or are they still two distinct organizations sitting as a group in class? Perhaps the

party will break down the formal barriers so everyone can be friendly and enjoy each other's company.

Although banquet time may be several months away, it is time now to hold some stake activity, such as a dance, to enable the M Men and Gleaners throughout the stake to become better acquainted. By doing this, more

Gleaners may get dates for the banquet and certainly everyone will have a better time because of knowing many young people beforehand. For a spring

banquet now is a good time to assign the main committees. Many times early

planning will save expense and always it will smooth the details of the final event. Also it isn't too soon for a

toastmaster or toastmistress to be planning the theme and choosing persons to respond.

Sunday Evening Firesides are proving of great interest and are increasing attendance at Tuesday evening classes and Sunday evening Sacrament meetings. They are also providing further

1. Wayne Stake Gold and Green Ball.

2. Lavern Jones, BeeHive Girl of the Kanesville Ward,

Weber Stake, has a perfect attendance for the past three years.

3. The queen of the Gold and Green Ball and her

escort of El Paso, Graham Stake.

4. of The queen the ballTexas—Mountwith attendants, heralds and

the group who took part in the coronation of the queen, at the Morgan Stake Gold and Green Ball.

5. New Harmony Ward, Parowan Stake Gold and Green

Ball. 6. A group of eight persons baptized into the Church

by Elder Dean M. Call in Roxboro, North Carolina.

7. Duluth Branch of the North Central States Gold

and Green Ball.

8. A group of McKinley Ward Junior Girls of the Wells Stake who won first prize at the Lion House

Junior Girls'Festival.

9. Bancroft Ward, Idaho Stake, Junior Genealogy Class presentation of a ward play, "Joseph Sold Into Egypt."

The directors were Mrs. Cora Westensen and Mrs. Fred Christensen.

10. Sunrise Service held for the M Men and Gleaners of the Mt. Graham Stake.

11. The cast of characters presenting the oneact play "Paternity Case"in the 14th Ward, Mount Ogden Stake.

12. Floor Show number, "Old Time Quadrille,"presented at the Morgan Stake Gold and Green Ball.

13. Group of boys from Pocatello 2nd Ward, Pocatello Stake, entering Mutual from the Primary department.

14. Hollywood Ward Stake Missionaries.

15. Mothers and daughters of the Black Hills District of the Western States Mission enjoy a party under

the supervision of the missionary sisters.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1940

opportunities for study, selfexpression, M. I. A. one year ago, a considerable which a Title may be secured see Log

and fine companionship. If you missed number of Explorers have qualified for No. 10, pages 146149.

a copy of the suggestions for six the award. This is indeed gratifying.

months of Firesides given at June ConEvery Arrowhead Explorer is an active EXPLORER MEMBERSHIP ference, writing to participant in the you by A. program as may get one M. I.

It "Dxplorer membership has taken a Office, I. A. well as in the Priesthood. the Young Aaronic Woman's M. 40 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, represents an outstanding, ideal Lattersharp increase this year as revealed

Utah. day Saint young man. All Explorers by a survey of several stakes as of July

It is suggested in the Executive should be encouraged to qualify for 1st, 1940. In the Salt Lake Council

all reached time high been has area an this the this year that recognition. meritoriousManual and M Men registered in 97 Explorers 14,465 responsibility the of Gleaners given be following awards have been with The

is troops. about of This an increase Service. to date: Evening If your the Sunday made

ward executives deem it advisable to 10% over 1939.

2 SantaquinTintic 16 a area Ogden Council shows Ogden The entrust these programs, with be you 9 2 Cache Wasatch approxigratifying increase of most to detail in true sure out carry every.. 1 Liberty 3 Carbon of in number 1939 mately over 40% will Gleaner fashion and which Men... 1 8 Cassia WellsM registered. troops Explorers and The time. splendidprovide a each meeting 1 17 Granite Lehi has Council National Parks Utah rethe South 6 program Davis 3 have you EnsignWhether

sponsibility or not, support your MuNorth Davis 12 East Jordan 6 nearly doubled its membership of 1939 tual by attending these services. Tooele 3 with a registered Explorer membership

of 320 in 29 troops.

/leaner Girls all over the Church REQUIREMENT CHANGES are happy to learn of their new (a) Reading Course.

opportunity to achieve. A plan, comArrowhead Requirement No. 2, Page

to the parable has been Master Men, refers 10, to the Explorer No. 106, Log M

is available out and worked now Course. a general in Reading As rule a IflefrHpliirlsJj—at the Y. form mimeographed M. W. separate has book been recommended

I. A. Office. For a short time all each year as the Explorer reading A s the activities of our Silver Jubilee

former Gleaner Girls who fulfilled the course. This year, however, twelve of * Year draw to a close, we greet the

specified requirements when they were the most interesting stories from the loyal BeeKeepers who have so splenmembers of a Gleaner class may beBook of Mormon are suggested. When didly carried these activities forward.

come members of this new organizathe twelve stories have been read, the Your cooperation during the entire year tion. Remember, however, the plan Explorer automatically meets Arrowhas been most gratifying, and your unwill soon apply only to present Gleaner head Requirement No. 2. tiring efforts have produced results alGirls. Ward and stake leaders should The references for the Explorer most beyond our expectations.

send for any needed information soon. Reading Course follow: We feel that the year has been most

By this time the first steps of your successful and that it has given new membership plan are completed. Your (1) The Story of Ether and his brother meaning and impetus to the BeeHive

announcement party is a pleasant (Ether, Chapters 1-3 inch) program throughout the Church. You

memory; Gleaning week has brought (2) The Story of Lehi (1 Nephi, Chaphave helped thousands of girls thrill

many new faces to your circle and ters 1, 2, 3, 5, and 8) anew over their membership in this

Story of (1 Nephi, Nephi Chap- (3) The first has them comradery madeyour organization, great they and know we 6, 4, ters 7, 9, 11) are friends. truly your your W'hat for will ever be grateful having been of Story (4) The andNephi—continued aplans welcoming this now? celebration. Have you (1 part of Jubilee 15, 12, Wea Chapters Nephi, and 16)

committee that functions every Tues- (5) The Story of Nephi—continued (1 know that you appreciate with us the

day night? Are the groups who worked Nephi, Chapters 17, 18, and 19:1-10) privilege of sponsoring the events of

during Gleaning week continuing their (6) The Story of Jacob (Jacob, Chapters the past year. It has been a choice

1,2, and 3,4, 7) girl efforts Gleaner of age to get every shall opportunity one and which we of (Chapters Josiah Story (7) The class devising join to the and new 1, 6, long remember. hours have Many 27, 28, and 29) interesting of them?means in spent planning carrying been and the Story of Samuel, Lamanite The (8) your ward sheaf bound events, you the out year's Have but they have 13, (Helaman, Chapters 15) 14, and

yet, or will you soon? This is a splen- (9) The Story of Christ's visit to Amerbeen happy hours and their results

did achievement, but more splendid still ica (3 Nephi, Chapters 11, 12, 13, 14, have been sufficient compensation.

is the bringing of the inspirational and 15) Let us see that the enthusiasm of our

Gleaner work into the lives of girls (10) The Story of Christ's visit to AmerJubilee Year goes forward into our fu17, Chapters (3 Nephi, it before. ica—continued never have known ture that And carry uswho it helps work, and

19, 18, and 20) if invigirl refuses curtly your in some stimulating not manner. us a on Let Story of Their and Twelve (11) The Men to up.tation give don't Mutual, She "let into feeling allow to creep a down"Desire (3 Nephi, Chapter 28)

just it most. needs the be one will ranks. regular not who ourmay Our work of Story (Moroni, ChapMoroni (12) The

Next time she may accept or you may ters 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, and 10) seem commonplace if we as BeeKeep- suddenly find a way to interest her. ers are fired with enthusiasm and deOften such a girl will become the most (b) Church Welfare Cooperation. termination to vitalize the BeeHive

enthusiastic Gleaner. The Explorer's contribution toward program in the eyes of our girls. Our

How are you bringing Treasures of the Church Welfare Plan consists in attitude and spirit are most contagious,

Truth into your class work? Novemselecting and preparing for a life's voand our girls will catch the true vision

ber 26 is the first evening scheduled for cation. of BeeHive only when it is passed on

its inclusion. Arrowhead Requirement No. 5, page to them by their BeeKeepers.

106, Log No. 10, has been simplified Please check carefully to see that all

and more closely unified with the Exrecords are complete for every enrolled plorer Advancement Program. girl—that awards are made promptly

that reports earned, are revised requirement as it now when and made 5cp|o'e's standsThe follows: regularly. routine matters, These when

"The Explorer must receive an Exproperly handled, contribute much to-—C*> plorer Title in a vocational field, thereward a smoothrunning organization,ARROWHEAD AWARD by cooperating with the Church Weland indicate a well prepared staff of

Cince the Arrowhead Award was fare Plan."leaders.... Continued success to you

made available for Explorers in the For a list of the vocational fields in in the coming year!

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1940

The Church Moves On tello,Colorado;Idaho;JayEllwoodH. Henderson,M. Haynie,SaltAlamosa,Lake J.Lordsburg,Hill, Sacramento,New Mexico;California;RayVelmaG. Jones,Hill,

(Continued from page 607) City;Doris SamuelJohnson,L. Rexburg,Holmes, SaltIdaho;LakeEdwardCity; SaltUtah;LakeFloydCity;J. WesleyLangford,F. Knudsen,Mesa, Arizona;Provo,

Salt Lake City; Lee D. Sanders, Kaysville, M. Mabey, Salt Lake City; H. John MadGeorge L. Richards, Salt Lake City; Jed

Utah; Mary E. Seamons, Salt Lake City. sen, Mt. Pleasant, Utah; Paloma Martineau, W. Shields, Salt Lake City; Clayton B.

Eastern States: Janet L. Bridge, Salt Cudahy, California; Howard F. Millett, Turner, Murray, Utah; Eldon J. West,

Lake City; Vincent J. Christensen, Salt Mesa, Arizona; Edwin H. Smart, Provo, Sacramento, California; Eunice Wood,

Lake City; Willis R. Dees, Duncan, AriUtah; Clyde S. Thornell, Salina, Utah; Buhl, Idaho; Clinton D. Zollinger, Provizona; Isobel G. Erickson, Rexburg, Idaho; Lyle M. Ward, Salt Lake City. dence, Utah.

Augusta Flake, Snowflake, Arizona; Ruth New Zealand: Robert L. Beesley, ClinSpanish-American: Don F. Harris, Salt

E. Fors, Murray, Utah; O. Dorian Johnton, Utah; Robert L. Cardwell, Riverton, Lake City; Denmark C. Jensen, Emmett,

son, Logan, Utah; Corwin T. Larson, LakeUtah; Robert E. Crandall, Salt Lake City; Idaho; Eugene F. Olsen, Firth, Idaho; Lillis

side, Arizona; Robert E. Lee, Idaho Falls, David M. Evans, Salt Lake City; Gerald P. Maurine Reeder, Ogden, Utah; Christian

Idaho; Lawrence W. Morgan, Salt Lake Langton, Salt Lake City; Jesse T. Later, F. Schuenman, Brigham City, Utah; Ren

City; Sarah A. Ogden, Richfield, Utah; Venice, California; Clifford B. Mason, Smith, Thornton, Idaho; Dennis O. SorenReed Oldroyd, Fountain Green, Utah; Clearfield, Utah. sen, Fallon, Nevada.

Lurelda A. Raddon, Sandy, Utah; Ellwood North Central States: Wanda Mae Tahitian: Orville R. Allred, Ogden,

W. Rasmuson, Logan, Utah; Samuel G. Carter, Morgan, Utah; Idona A. Chatterton, Utah; Ezra T. Benson, Jr., Park City, Utah;

Rich, Jr., Salt Lake City; G. William RichClaresholm, Canada; Harold W. Hoopes, Nile R. Chugg, Providence, Utah; Ray

ards, Salt Lake City; Elizabeth J. Ricks, Brigham City, Utah; Arthur K. Peterson, O. McEntire, Clearfield, Utah; Wiley H.

Rexburg, Idaho; Eldon B. Romney, Salt Smithfield, Utah; Grant S. Richards, Logan, Miller, Ogden, Utah; President Kenneth R.

Lake City; Milton W. Sanders, Phoenix, Utah. Stevens, Logan, Utah; Mrs. Iona B. StevArizona; Bernice Smith, Linden, Arizona; Northern States: Mary O. Colvin, Pima, ens, Logan, Utah; Horace G. Wilde, CoalVan M. Smith, Snowflake, Arizona; Earl Arizona; Oliver F. Hansen, Reno, Nevada; ville, Utah.

J. Taylor, Thatcher, Arizona; Opal N. Blanch Harrison, Downey, Idaho; Norman Texas: Max Riley Barber, Salt Lake

Weekes, Thornton, Idaho; Albert R. White, O. Johnson, Salt Lake City; Ronald W. City; Mrs. Beulah J. Farnsworth, Pioche,

Salt Lake City; Alicebeth Whiteley, OakKing, Salt Lake City; Fay Michaelis, GarNevada; Franklin D. Farnsworth, Jr.,

ley, Idaho; James R. Winterton, Provo, land, Utah; Asa Malan B. Radley, Salt Pioche, Nevada.

Utah; Ralph W. Winterton, Provo, Utah. Lake City; Barbara E. Sanford, SpringTongan: Homer C. Porter, Weston,

Hawaiian: Kenneth W. Cluff, Salt Lake ville, Utah; LaMar S. Williams, Iona, Idaho.

City; Robert H. DeWitt, Mesa, Arizona; Idaho; Mrs. Nyal B. Williams, Iona, Idaho. Western States: Barton R. Bowden,

Walter E. P. Jones, Salt Lake City; Grant Southern States: Martha L. Astle, Los Preston, Idaho; Sterling M. Jensen, Brig-

F. Taylor, Provo, Utah. Angeles, California; Ogden A. DeWitt, ham City, Utah; Rheim M. Jones, Salt Lake

Japanese: Oleta D. Alldredge, Magna, Greensboro, Alabama; Samuel D. Eccles, City; Clare Luke, Rexburg, Idaho; John Y.

Utah; Larue Valgardson, Taber, Canada. Salt Lake City; Austin J. Erickson, Spring Merrell, Brigham City, Utah; Gerald M

New England: Edith L. Beattie, RexCity, Utah; Martha Geddes, Preston, Idaho; Palmer, Stone, Idaho; Dennis L. Prows,

burg, Idaho; Kathryn S. Finlayson, PocaEugene C. Geertsen, Salt Lake City; Ralph Logan, Utah. (Concluded on page 633}

ON DRINKING LIKE A GENTLEMAN {Continued from page 597) sensitive and more sympathetic by commonly accepted fact, as is the

Breeding is first, control; second, control; their indulgence. On the contrary, tacit agreement among the sober

third, control. But when this abc of breedgeneral observation would seem to everywhere that a friend shall not be

ing has been learned, then it becomes someconfirm exactly the opposite conheld accountable for the things he

Itthing more. not alone control, becomes

forcing a nature clusion. Proverbially, the senses of says when "in his cups."choice, but one to second

so that one does not need that selfcontrol, drinkers are dulled; they see less All this may be summed up in a

but himself voluntarily, as we say, desires accurately, move with less assurance, consideration of the problem of conand preserves in order beauty and and word function generally with less precision trol, defines the as which Zona Gale act, easily and employs as as them another sober. the than that In saying of breeding.""abc wit.employs

On this point the voice of science "One of the characteristics of a

With these qualities in mind we is even more emphatic than the voice gentleman is his selfcontrol when are now in a position to examine of common experience. Dr. Haven he uses liquor,"you pose a dilemma

your question intelligently and to Emerson of Columbia University in for which, I am afraid, there is noask, "Is drinking in the sense in a recent book, Alcohol; Its Effect on resolution. Selfcontrol in any situwhich you use the term incompatible Man, says ation implies, first of all, complete

with the character of a true gentleself-possession. It implies also comman?"The chief effect of alcohol in whatever plete clarity of judgment and comconcentration or doses it may

is the functions of the brain—-thosebe ingested plete functioning of the will. But,, upon

pORTUNATELY, in answering this functions which express the will, the emoas already shown, it is precisely upquestion, we need not rely on tions, memory, attention, reason, intellion the centers involved in judgment, gence, well as those as which and judgment will selfpossession, that alcoand speculation. of reliable Plentymere functions control sensory and muscular powerful most hol has its first and is available,evidence both of other. the the coordination with one from and

common observation of drinkers and [Italics mine.] effects.

from scientific inquiries. I shall You propose, for example, that

draw on both sources wherever posOn the sensitivity which promotes drinkers drink with "moderation."

sible. sympathy, kindliness, tact, and conBut moderation by what standards?

What then, first of all, is the effect sideration in dealing with others Moderation by whose judgment?

of the use of alcohol on the physical those graces which Newman esteems Presumably, from the general tone effectssensitivity are so of alcohol emotional and the symhighly—the of your argument, moderation by the clear. inebriated equally speaks? That the Ruskinpathies of which So

far as common experience is conare prone to quarrelsomeness and standards and the judgment of the cerned, the answer seems clear untactful speech is too generally one who is drinking. "Ay, there's

the rub!"For to quote from Dr.enough. Certainly no one—unless, known to require comment. The of Johns Hopperhaps, the drinker himself—would common expression, "a drunken Percy M. Dawson

say that drinkers are made more brawl,"is eloquent testimony to a kins:

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1940

ON DRINKING LIKE A GENTLEMAN A moderate dose of alcohol is difficult sylvania to bolster your argument. alcohol than before, in which case his

of individual greatto determine because differences. that the Unfortunately, Dr. Strecker delivers otherdamaged.body tissues are apt to be seriously In passing it noted be

opinion of the subject as to whether his himself of some judgments the scienis, tific the to is, is of say accuracyefficiency which or quite impaired worthnot is It this physiological normal by less. is It the to not part impairment of for least, says, dubious. highly He that process the drinker "moderate"[Italicsknow. mine.] controlled, normal, example: "The admire you metabecomes whom

... in social drinker remains coninto the morphosed immoderate is truly, Here, of the the crux reality his surtact with with and drinker, the drunkard""common of drinkwhole problem "moderate"uses alcohol roundings. merely He all like you, thoughtful whom mening drinking. of "gentlemanly"and bit to reality to relax a a and make

I deplore. and women, again quote that reexercise propose oneYou I italipleasant."trifle have more from Dawson: instraint the of that use spewhich rather to that cized part the seems me

cifically reimpairs the powers of in a pronouncethan dubious more emphasized president Eliot by former As exercisestraint, or sober that one scientific. professing Let of ment to be Harvard, drinkers all immoderate began

judgment after having deliberately us examine it a moment. as moderate drinkers. It is an easy thing

removed himself from the ranks of in those times of deep affliction or discourof which escape, us innone tothe completely "sober."are all aware, In short, TDeality, we is not creaseagement, the usual of allowance alcohol and propose, figuratively speaking,you eventually the pleasant, drown his along he would and with always man

partiallyto blind a at the put man is, It sorrow. strangely enough, very much stoic be a indeed grim would who

car, of awheel to powerful harder equipped break of a habit total abstinence, object to so. making But to it, liquor out it go buy drink and than neither brakeswith speedometer, nor

realities existence of the can is how itmymore to merely increase times the by many to to then observe admonishand him ration. accustomed in indulgence improved be by my all trafficcarefully regulations. alcohol is something of a mystery.

I "Figuratively speaking,"say, I return, then, to it question your help, Fully seem, as would much is the yet figureand means by no your and proposed program: hypnotic might making from come "Howimaginary. alcothe whatever For liquor,"ask, much telling you "can at passes one bogies them and myholic the on been have highway may still drink and be a that gentleman?"alcohol to run most away. The

in is leisurely a age, today more he tell "I answer: is can't reality you a And you. to can do make seem appallingan menace. autoWith varies trifle amount person. with The each pleasant; the but more same

faster, constantlymobiles getting only can heroin, your said or of opium, be We suggest-—mind powerful,more numerous, and more limit. If can't strict in drink you of sharp crack on a maymarihuana—orcool splitsecond judgment, accurmoderation, last. not to drink urge effects their the you we cranium—whileacy, unremitting vigilance and on all."at

the highway are the only means by But the whole proposition of drugwhich a driver can hope to insure ging ourselves into bliss overlooks But the problem, as I think I have the safety of himself and others. It one vital fact. That Strecker should shown, is rather less simple than you

it seem. Can you, you ask inwould be superfluous to add to the have disregarded it seems strange make

evidence already quoted records of indeed, since it is a fact attested by effect, preserve the most delicate experiments showing the effects of both science and common experisensations and sympathies while ineven moderate doses of alcohol on ence. I refer to the fact that the dulging in the use of a poison which

the speed and accuracy of physical regular indulgence in alcohol gives specifically attacks and deadens the movements. State laws imposing rise to a condition known in medicenters involved in sensation and

penalties for any known indulgence cine as "tolerance."The precise nasympathy? Can you be kind, contactful regularly while and this definitely siderate, effect of is notin alcohol railroads ture by drivers—the drugging yourself a substance with but Dr. says: known, Emersonyears rules providing adopted ago

for the summary dismissal of enwhich specifically impairs the judginhibitions, releases ment, the and Tolerance continued developed by the such safetygineers who drank—and fosters a reckless the for disregard of alcohol is recognized as a fact and drink; use as "Ifslogans you drive, don't

if you drink, don't drive"testify to should be thought of from both physiological feelings and comforts of others? And

a general awareness of the danger and psychological points of view. finally, can you preserve selfcontrol

of "mixing alcohol and gasoline."while at the same time indulging an

Here, it will be noted, no indulgence What this tendency of body tisappetite which progressively deadis extended to the "moderate"sues to develop tolerance for increasens the power of selfcontrol, and drinker; all drinking is potentially ing amount of alcohol means in one of the chief virtues of which is

such a menace that, as Dr. Dawson terms of your program for "modsupposed to lie in the nervous "resays in the book already quoted, "To erate, gentlemanly drinking"is lease"that it gives?

take one's wine 'like a gentleman'simply this: The person who habitSo many human beings have sucmay come to imply that the gentleually uses alcohol with a view to ceeded in spite of obstacles which

man in question does not drive his making reality "a trifle more pleasseemed insuperable that I hesitate to own car."ant"must face the fact that this apply the term "impossible"to any

And this brings me to what seems pleasure may be experienced only imagined human achievement. There

to me the most serious flaw in your by steadily increasing the dosage. may be those who are capable of the

project for promoting "moderate"Emerson adds: balance which you propose, but I

time disisdrinking while their great that at the same number tolerdoubt drinker with a welldeveloped Acouraging drunkard."present to justify the the "common volume enough lost has ance degree [his] normal to some

As already noted, you use the "scienprotective mechanism, because he can, withof the liquor business. At any rate,

tific"judgment of Dr. Edward A. out serious mental or nervoussystem disthe risk is one which a prudent man

Strecker of the University of Pennturbance, take a much larger amount of or woman should hesitate to run.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1940

KEEPING OUT OF DEBT ( Concluded from page 593 liquidation as that is the easiest time the debt before earning power deBudgeting is one of the most sucto pay off obligations without sacclines or ceases to exist. The odds

cessful methods yet devised to build rificing standards of living. Most are against you. Approaching old

up sales resistance in order to keep people, however, overexpand when age, sickness, depressions, shrinking from being an easy mark for the prospects are brightest and then are incomes, and insecurity are all possiis fully liqui-"high pressure"salesman. It helps required to pay back the debt when bilities before the debt

you to realize that a bargain, no dollars are hardest to get. dated.

if is at can safe usually the Borrowing the be justified, Since way the easy cheap or howmatter how all, at or near desince assumption the low the point of a way, and happy is article if thepayments, no bargain is not needed. pression because that is the time of obligations results in such a heavy

I when dollars will purchase more. load, why speculate with your fuWhen to Buy on Credit aBorrowingman is youngcan alsoif thebefundsjustifiedarewhenused ture happiness and peace of mind?

T7or people who do not have suffifor a constructive purpose—to inBenefits of Good Credit

cient will power to save and accrease income or to build a home in Standing cumulate money to buy needed arorder to save rent or to obtain inticles for cash, it is sometimes adcreased education and training if Iodern business is built on a comvisable to buy certain articles on the that additional training is likely to plex system of credit. We

installment plan as a means of enmake a job more secure or win procannot function without it. Many

forced saving. It is advisable to buy motions. of our modern conveniences and

only useful articles and equipment in The time during which a man's certainly the benefits of largescale this manner when the equipment will earning power and prospects for the production could never have been still have value after all the payments future are growing is the time for obtained without it.

have been made. taking risks if such risks are necesWhen used with intelligence,

If the extra cost of a needed article sary or advisable. All through this credit is beneficial to business as well

or equipment when purchased on the time he may face debt with a conas individuals. A man has a chance

installment plan can be offset by fidence that lessens, as, or if, his to become better known and has the savings that result from having the earning power declines or his prosopportunity to be a more substantial use of the article or equipment, then pects for the future are dimmed. citizen in the community when he

such a purchase might be desirable. Many people go in debt to finance develops the trust and confidence of

A young married couple might be the purchase of an automobile or people with whom he has to deal.

paying excessive rent for a furnmachinery and equipment in anticiTo many men, a good name in ished apartment. If they exercise pation of a harvest or some expected their financial dealings is as precious

care in buying and limit purchases income. To buy in anticipation of as life itself. It is a heritage that

only to the most needed articles, income that may not materialize is a father can give his children that they might save by purchasing on risky business, both for the buyer will be worth much to them. A

the installment plan and get the and the seller. The expected income parent's example in these matters

thrill of starting housekeeping by may not be received or may be for leaves an effect on the family for furnishing their own apartment. A a less amount than was anticipated. generations. A young man who infamily might be paying an excessive It maybe needed for something more herits a good name should consider

amount to have the laundry sent out urgent at the time it does come and well before he decides on a course of when they could save by purchasing you wish then that you had never action by which he might lose his their own equipment. signed the contract to buy. birthright.

Anyone who has successfully met It should be realized that debt is It has always been considered that installment payments has proved a speculation on time and growth the word of a true Latterday Saint that he can save. Then why not and the ability to make a sufficient is as good as his bond. Let us consave in advance and receive all the income over a long period of years tinue to cherish this tradition and

benefits and discounts that can be to pay the annual carrying charges assume the obligation of building a obtained by paying cash? and also to liquidate the principal of good name as a sacred trust.

habit the form Many people of SUGGESTED BUDGET APPORTIONING THE FAMILY DOLLAR BY neverinstallment buying seem and PERCENTAGE to be able to change even though entitled Social Trends."In "Recent from the a book States of the United Report cash. people Taken the havethey Many

President's Trends, Committee Research on Social to 889. modified has This page been habit implanted deeply soget the Saints'situation the suit Latterday should accurate. reasonably be reliable and and

that even past the prime of life, when they should start a curtailment and ITEM EXPENDITURE ITEM EXPENDITURE 20.0 Food Instruments Musical 6 and Radio think of obligations, liquidation they

8.0 Clothing.6 Silverware and Jewelrythey can carry on as before. Why 8.0 Florists) (from Flowers *Rent on Homes........

not begin to work for yourself and Home Furnishing 4.0 Cosmetics, Beauty Parlors.73

plan and save for your own security Fuel & Light 4.8 Medicine (patent and prescription) 7

rather than always be working for Life Insurance and Savings 12.0 Physicians 1.0

the other fellow? ReligionAutomobile Purchase & Use 12.06.5 DentistsOther Medical Costs, excluding Hos- 4

Motion Pictures, Concerts, etc 2.0 pitals, and Public Health Work 2

When to go in Debt Indoor and Outdoor Games, Sports 9 Education 5.0

Taxes 6.4 Laundry, cleaning and dyeing 1.3

Deriods of prosperity and increasNewspapers 4 Miscellaneous 4.0

ing incomes should ordinarily be *Expenditures for rent, heat, food, and other necessities will vary according to the time for retrenchment and debt locality and family circumstances.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1940

WHY READ THE NEW TESTAMENT (Concluded from page 589) because we owe to this book in a 1 5. Read the New Testament betence did Jesus Christ utter that can be large measure our individual and cause it is the word of God.

dispensed with?... national freedom. This freedom is It is the recorded history of the

sixtyfive words, of only In prayer a of doctrines in the or rooted the Bible. mission of His Son; Begotten Only book, in lines an ordinary printed foursay foundations laid the who The men a revelation plan of the out worked gives daily newspaper, he lines sixor in a

the essence of every utterance possible to of this government were inspired in the heavens before the world was a man in the act of prayer. Ask for what with a passion for liberty, and they framed for the exaltation of man.

we will, when we will, where we will, the drew their inspiration from the New

Is it is all there! unnot this of the Testament an has The beengerm New Testament.

asparalleled comthing a viewed leavening influence of the world. of the Puritan reformers, Speaking intellectualprehensive simplyperformance—to in culworld its progress owes The Fiske says: of ofgather mass out up, the enormous John

liturgy and ritual which lay all around ture, in civil liberty, in economic lines into shorthim, a few condense and laid If there ever were down men who social this to and advancement huof aspirations thethe religious whole it all lives of for the their mankind, cause book. its influence preall Wherever for Galilee, time? race p. ofman (Man Ironsides old those watchgrim whose was

8485.) words were texts from Holy Writ, whose vails, peace and happiness reign.

it and cultivate its 13. From no other philosophy of battleIt wascriestowerethis hymnsunwontedof praise.alliance of inAll who read

life has mankind received so much tense religious enthusiasm with the instinct companionship are made better. It

spirit the selfgovernment and of peris in in youth, a guide an inspiration help,light, so much preservation that the as from the ofsonal independence maturity, a solace the in old age it records.philosophy which due. of English (Beginnings freedom was

14. Read the New Testament, of New England, p. 52.) masterpiece of the world. Read it.

THE DEEP UNREST

(Continued from page 591 would facilitate the movement of that the victor stalked off with the moon shadows. Then he slunk off, logs after they had been cut to a prize while the vanquished became a

merging into the forest until he was desirable length. Others labored drone, forsaking the lodge, growing

part of the still silence. And not prodigiously, preparing the river sullen and unsociable until at last

even the thought of beaver could bottom for the wide dam base and he scraped himself a cave in the lure him from his gourmand's sleep. the foundations of the winter lodges. river bank in which to dwell alone.

So, through the unconscious inLogs heavy enough to tax the A few cranky female beavers also tervention of the trapper, the night strength of man were hauled and preferred the seclusion of their own ended with no sign of impending rolled into position, snaked into the company, ignoring the lodge builddanger to the beavers. Long beriver, and floated downstream to the ing and living alone.

fore dawn, the colony scrambled right position for the dive below Castor was an adventurous into action. Although they usually the surface. Then, all together, excubbie, and he was driven by instinct

worked at night, the emergency was cept for the sentinels, the colony substronger than himself. Once, in a

pressing. Leaves were falling and merged with their burden and channel, he met a lame old drone

snow a short time away. The Old tamped it solidly in the mud. In a who hobbled on three paws. The

One drove his charges, and, as if short time the river bed was lined fourth had been lost in a fight. But

nature had drawn blue prints on across with a twelvefeet-thick the law of life knows no sympathy.

each peculiar brain, the colony bebase, and the tapering dam, which Castor attacked viciously, slashing gan engineering calculations. would break surface as a twofeet- at the drone's neck and shoulders

The Old One, with Castor Fiber wide bridge, was on the way to until the older and heavier beaver ambling behind, examined each seccompletion. turned tail and fled.

tion of the river until they found a That was a bad thing to happen to a beaver. with Flushed young thick, holebroad, with deep muddy river the dammed When victory bully, a Castor worbecame of riverbottom. banks were The its the banks, colony overflowed other hesitating rying males andfine, clay, roots sticky succulent and scattered. with worked Some before only the Old Even One. lily the shelvingof crowded pads plasterlodges, Fiber the Castor on sort the him youngster eyed with a hole. to bothbottom from bank On sticks ing to a stones waterand of speculative biding malevolence, insides stretched country the back biscuits. tight clay wall with Others clash inevitable the the time when flat, soil fertile popuabundantly to the cut channels lead water from in to come. must keep Meantime, birch,lated poplar, tamwith and to the to pool pool thence back and trim, all battle the explored he bankarack. river. holes and channels, seeking hidden

of the colony Other members shorter and grew The days chill. drones on whom he could vent his testingranged about the woods river the feathered found their Morning spleen.

teeth on saplings which fell a few with ice, and the Old One drove Daily he became more formidable, afterseconds the powerful jaws his long hours, charges through arrogant. more Old The One no

tostarted work. Castor noticed rest snatching during only the protection longer the afforded him

them working on a tree nearly hours of short shadows, when the of wisdom, but watched him suspieighteen inches through, while sun was high in the sky. ciously, as an emperor, fearing anniothers sat at strategic points, tails But something else, besides the hilation, watches the royal housecurled under them, alert for danger. feverish activity, affected Castor hold.

Adolescent cubbies cut pathways Fiber. He watched frequent battles One day, the Old One was predown to the water's edge. These between the older males and learned (Continued on page 628)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1940

THE DEEP UNREST And I. A. - - 627) (Continued page from for the lunged Castor One's Old MUSIC ALL CHURCH finish in neck, to one seeking him j ceding another youngCastor and

i slash. following a vicious ster along a channel

i thing strange a happened. But starscent. stopped, Suddenly he

fallen scenton the The Old One had contraping suspiciously queer at a 70 SO. MAIJN Ijj twig. a impregnated There was It like tion appeared over the path.

a heavy log that had fallen over the sharp snap as metal closed over channel and hung suspended on stout flailing paws and the Old One was

THE ADVERTISERS boughs at each side. The Old One dragged under water and held there.

and Where You Will Find examined it thoughtfully, ignoring Surprised and suspicious, Castor for the climbed waited on and dam Messages the Their of scent castoreum. When his to reappear. time, After a enemy pass, to the Fiber Castor attempted - 633..- Hotel Alexandria far longer than ever beaver had any

- snarl. b5Z - with checked a him Old One Ben Alward, before, stayed water Castor under Steamship.- President other youngster more was The American

- investigate. to 580 found down He Lines impulsive. leader, the he went Eluding 628 fast the Company caught and Old Music One Beesley nibbled log the under and moved Co. Insurance Life Beneficial in trap. the manthing's drowned stick slanting at excitedly Cover.. a satur-.....Back

fact deeply imwas One now Evaporated ated castoreum. with grasped Vs"'sT"Charles He Borden

- his alpressed mind.. the on Even WJ [ilk in stick the forepaws, tugging both 582 University luring scent of castoreum, essenso Young Brigham it free. to break another That was 3U Juice Grape Church's tially the his of kind, mark own in 629 education. Castor's chapter Refining Co A Oil & Continental hide could destructive the forces oiz fell, breaklog the crash Company sudden and Book Deseret

- - the dienemies rapidly - v3Z used of by Press News Deseret back. ing beaver's the Castor had Company.-bZU Music minishing beaver world. Glen Brothers Still, seen a deadfall. he had not Company.-blU Milling Grain 6 Globe

bit to learned castoreum that man uses Remedy Canker Hall's 58/ lure obliterate to Lankershim all other beaver and Hotel of death 1 he the Old One b5 Press Hovey scents. left Castor's strong young back Harvester Co International the Castor and Old One returned responsibilities. Sitting ----.Cover with Front heaped Inside

Interstate Brick Company;----577 to the dam. The Old One was on his tail he surveyed the domain

Cover Back Inside surly; angry. Castor unreasonably KSL king: he the of which was now

- 634 College Business S. L. D. felt confident he could challenge He marshes, old widespread where and Co...637 Tractor & Equipment Landes patriarch. 583 the scurried cutting, pullabout ---- young..- Strauss Levi Mountain Fuel Supply Co ---% A thin trickle of water spilled over ing, and rolling logs; the long run-

-5/y Register Co its stirring current Cash the causeway, a National filled nels with castoreum and posInstitute American North ele63b twig. counted the Castor on sible kittens, the danger; gamboling 633 Beauty of School Ogden surprise. of warnment Without ---635 imitating their even were who now Company Soap Par

Peter Pan Lunch "28 ing he charged forward. But the mothers, cutting young willows and

611 Biscuit Company of a veteran Purity Old was many One sticks several dragging larger times Beauty Culture..635 of School Quish battles. a Castor was met with slash than themselves; the maturing and Co...637 Extinguisher Fire Comet Red teeth that of the reopened - wound 633 adolescents, would some Company Baking of whom Royal

Safeway Stores - 581 in his shoulder. Recollection of that one day challenge his kingship.

632 Brands last session painful Standard him, checked his rule wisely. King Castor began 579 Oil Standard cautious; of him but months made Skirting the the dam, examined he - Jewelers..-.579 Company, Taylor & gathering resentment on. drove him 631 twigs. for suspicious water FindCrabmeat Diamonds Three

Utah Engraving Company 582 He charged again, determined to ing them, he approached guardedly 583 Company Refining Oil Utah the by sheer strength down Old One traps, water, sprang from under and CooperProducers'Poultry Utah the of youth. speed heaped stones. with them mud and 632 and Association ative

Utah Savings Bank & Trust Co...636 The Old One knew all the tricks. He examined every bank and cave.

He swung quickly to meet the onAnything remotely suspicious he de-<.V<V?e,!V<<-; slaught with a slap of his trowelstroyed, sliding in behind deadfalls

like tail, deliberately offering that to trip the catches and let the logs fall harmlessly. up his He rounded - AT THE nervelesshis youngappendagerival. Castor'sto the teethteethof subjects to completing and set them

slashed through it. That was just the lodges, making the walls thicker

what the Old One wanted. He so that, when frozen, the domes DETER swung about to sever the head of would hold the weight of a moose

his enemy. But luck was with and resist the claws of Carcajou. -Tan Castor. The slashing teeth missed Under his guidance, the colony rethe lethal mark, but slashed the cubinforced the dam and scooped out

bie from neck to elbow, almost sevpools below the lodges so the water CAFE ering the forepaw. would be deep enough to permit

GOOD FOOD Squealing with rage and pain, several entrances and exits.

AT POPULAR PRICES Castor snatched his teeth from the He doubled the number of sen100% American Owned and Operated tough sinewed tail and flung his tinels and allowed the colony to work 224 South Main Street weight at the body of his enemy. only under cover of night. YoungSALT LAKE CITY, UTAH The impact flung them both over sters he bullied mercilessly. He bethe edge of the dam into the water. came a dynamic force, ruling his.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1940

THE DEEP UNREST subjects like a despot, and instincthrough and ambled along the dam his traps, the man concentrated on tively creating the most impregnable to shore in search of bark. Noses exterminating him. The beaver

compound in which the colony might told them all was well, and, in the could wait. With a slim, steel tube,

spend the winter in safety. joy of fresh, cold air and deep, yieldsomething like a cheese tester's imThey prospered under his rule. ing snow, they gamboled carelessly. plement, he riddled a quarter of

When trembling poplar leaves Then things happened too quickly venison with strychnine. Over his

flooded the swamp under a carpet of for the eye to see or the nose to tell. hands he wrapped a fresh deer skin

gold and pine trees sighed their A bristly, pigshaped form shot so that no human scent touched the prophecy of snow, the lodges were from an overhanging willow and meat. This bait he carried into the

filled with edible bark. Channels landed on the back of one young woods and dropped in the snow.

were running clear and deep enough beaver. While yet he screamed, like Next he patiently smeared each

to permit space below the frozen a human baby, Carcajou was tearing footprint with castoreum and pomaroof that would come. Bank caves the youngster to pieces. Castor and tum to destroy the human scent and

were easily accessible in the event the remaining two beaver fled to the retired to his cabin, confident he of a concerted attack on the lodges water hole, but, before they reached would find Carcajou dead next day.

and all was ready for the long winter it, another had fallen under the murThe time and effort were wasted.

months when famine stalked over the derous claws of the criminal of the Next morning he found the poisoned vast northern wilderness. animal world. Castor reached his meat clawed to shreds and spoiled

Several times from afar, Castor's shelf and stayed there, trembling, so that no animal would touch it.

sensitive nose caught the scent of during the ensuing night and day. After that he tried a deadfall. A

the manthing and his dog. On And after dark he could hear the heavy green log was balanced above

these occasions he slapped the water wolverine clawing futilely at the Carcajou's favorite delicacy, a piece with his tail and watched the colony frozen lodge walls. of fat pork. At night the wolverine

disappear below surface. visited it, sniffed contemptuously

With the first heavy snow, Castor and carefully entered the trap led his subjects into the lodges and L/URING lodge constructhrough the slanting branches at the drove the drones to their bank caves. tion, the manthing trapper had not back, so avoiding the open front

The peace of darkness and the sebeen asleep. Wise in the ways of which the trapper had hoped he

curity of walled enclosures descendbeaver, he prepared for an assault would use. He didn't even flinch

ed over all. that would net him all the prime when the backbreaking log fell as

kitslaughtering skins the without bait exthe he with tugged away the northwinter gripped Now plans tens or His poor conditioned. paws. tended lightsland. Northern weaved

deescape-proof were and. were time further no wasted man The in brilliant kaleidoskiesacross the

scope, painting weird mosaics on the stroyed only by Carcajou, who on strychnine or deadfalls. He

snow. Frost lay heavy, thick, and wrecked his cabin for a side of bacon watched for Carcajou's tracks to defurry, cold to the touch. Nights and drew every resource of the traptermine his nightly runs. He found

were bright and cold as burnished per into a long, bitter struggle. them up and down the log runways

steel. The compressed cold solidiAfter Carcajou's first attack on (Continued on page 630)

fied every particle of floating moisture until the world shone with the lustre of diamonds. The beavers

wore their prime skins with close, silkywool undercoat and long,chestnut brown overhair—skins &-%&& Vow,

that meant rifles, traps, food, and luxuries for the manthing trapper. Hats off to great stayeruppers,

The lodge walls were hard as conincluding safe steady OILPLATTWG, crete and the surface of the river staying up high, in your auto engine roofed by a footthick sheet of ice.... never all draining down from

Several of the older ones stayed in precious parts. never leaving

the dark interiors of their lodge them all bare to wear while you're apartments, unwilling to move while using Conoco Germ Processed oil.

Castor and other sportive twoyear- olds played tag, plunging from their Indeed, while you are still indry sleeping shelves into the inky doors, the OILPLATING—as if

is already attached magnetically—pool below. the radiating Through

point ready up to its topmostchannels they into the scampered still pools where fresh roots grew. in advance to he Ip preserve your

engine and its oil economyo Change

Toward midwinter the colony to this Germ Processed oil that OILgrew careless but were soon rePLATES—at Tour Mileage Merchants

minded that the menace in the world Conoco station. Continental Oil Co.

outside never ceased. In the chill,

dark hour before dawn Castor and three young playmates struckthrough the channel and came to the CONOCO GER surface where flowing water kept theice from forming solid. They broke PROCESSED OIL

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1940

THE DEEP UNREST (Continued from page 629) Here, obviously, man had set a them—stakes not placed there by

in the swamp and built the trap he clumsy trap. He investigated carebeaver, for there was no bark on

expected would write finis to the fully. Circling patiently he decided them. In their panic it never ocanimal's murderous career. It was it was a deadfall. With habitual curred to them to cut a path through.

camouflaged with leaves and brush, contempt he slid behind the slanting From the ice above came a terrible but suspiciously like the deadfalls brush and carefully crept through whining—the trapper's dog on

that Carcajou treated so contemptubelow. guard. The distraught beavers

ously. But, among the branches he The pork bait was within reach of scrambled in close quarters to escape

cunningly concealed a loaded rifle, his paws. He sat up, reached for by the water flowing over the broken

aiming it directly forward. Then it. A gentle pull would send a softdam. Castor, who was in the lead,

he suspended a piece of pork by nosed bullet through his brain; but saw a grim shadow at the only

string so that it hung in front of the chance favored him that night. avenue of escape—the trapper, with

hidden gun muzzle. The string led From down by the beaver dam came swinging club, waiting to break their

to the gun trigger. the sharp crack of an axe on wood. backs as they emerged.

The man spent hours brushing out Carcajou froze. His cunning eyes Castor's mother nosed forward to

his tracks and smearing each footgleamed with something akin to take the lead. The others understep with castoreum. At no time did fright. His reaching paws dropped stood she was showing them the

he touch anything with his bare and he melted into the forest. only forlorn hope of escape. She

hands or ordinary mittens. A fresh, Down at the dam the trapper and lunged forward in a. mighty leap,

dripping hide served as gloves. his dog were preparing to attack the hoping by speed, to elude the club.

When it was finished he surveyed beaver colony. The man drove It hit her behind the neck and she

his handiwork with a grin. stakes to prevent the beaver from dropped to the ice quivering.

"That Mister Carcajou will think taking refuge in the bank caves. Castor swung back, scrambling

it's a beaver deadfall,"he chuckled. These caves he located by soundover the others in his terror, and

"By and by he'll find out."ing the ice. Runways and channels found a new channel. Most of the That night Carcajou galloped were more difficult to find, but the colony followed—a few stayed to

along the runways intent on attackdog knew his business and, although try the dash past. Castor ran along

ing the beaver lodges. Alert and they were iced over and covered the channel followed by his terrified

suspicious as always, he reached the with snow, he found them by the subjects. It proved a cuUdesac,

hidden gun trap and paused. His slightly different feel on his sensitive but what mattered. He believed

evil eyes surveyed it mischievously. paws. they could hide there until the manWhen the last stake was driven, thing went away.

the beaver were prisoners within Crouching there, they heard the the lodge. Satisfied, the man reexcited yapping of the dog and the

turned to his cabin to await dawn sickening crashes as the trapper's and a fortune in furs. club crashed down on defenseless

Meantime, Carcajou stalked backs. The slaughter continued untried the dash had were all who through the night, hungry. An til

for. sucaccounted or had two One Arctic partridge, roosting on a low

spruce branch, fell to his claws and ceeded, but the ice around the man's was partly devoured before she was feet was piled high with dead.

his the work. dog began Now fully awake. he dawn, At when

circles in sniffed Trotting he and to sleep, usually slipped he away ice. tested the Castor whined and recalled bait the the pork deadon

fall. As he slid through the snow cowered against a young female

his nose caught the scent of the manwho, in her terror, was trying to thing and his dog, but a tight stomcrawl beneath his body for protecach knows no fear. Carcajou tion. Some dozen others trembled

wanted that pork. and pressed together so that the

And while Carcajou was slinking whole mass appeared like a huge, toward the deadfall, the trapper was quivering ball of fur.

cutting a hole into the beaver dam.

Inside the lodges Castor Fiber and 1 oo frightened to move, his subjects noticed the first sign of the beavers heard the man thing danger when the water began to drive new stakes through the ice drop. Immediately all were thrown and into the mud to hold them prisinto panic. Castor, unwise to this oners in a small space. The ice above

new peril, was no longer a leader. splintered and broke under the blows

His mother, wise to many such of an axe and the squirming mass, alarms, thought only of herself and worth perhaps fifty dollars to the kittens. She remained on the platman, was exposed to the light. A

form. All others, including King mittened hand reached in and drew

Castor, plunged into the receding out the first of the beaver by the water. tail.

They scattered to the channels, One by one they were drawn CHURGHS wriggling through the shallow water from the hole. A club smashed their GRAPE JUICE towards the caves. Stakes barred heads as fast as they reached the

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1940

THE DEEP UNREST surface. At last only Castor and and as distance increased between King Castor and the young female

the female remained. The hand dehim and peril a mite of sense filtered found the nearest pool. They dived,

scended again. Castor felt his tail into Castor's fearstupored mind. swimming through channel after

grasped, his body lifted. Then, Up the runway, he knew, were channel, pool after pool, until certain

suddenly, a king's birthright and a the deep pools and channels that all pursuit had been shaken, they king's desperate courage were his. doubled back to the river. Many of paused for breath. King Castor

Teeth that had slashed through logs them, warmed by eternal springs, came to the surface and sniffed.

now bit through leather mittens, into never froze. Once in these they There was no sign of enemies. His

flesh, and through bone. The man could escape man and dog. With tail rapped resoundingly on the

cursed. The club descended but the female close behind him Castor water, a signal for all survivors to

the runtail along meet in the river and begin a new slid from plungedmissed and Castor's on—plunged

trek. Carcajou, was grasp. nerveless trapper's whothe way toward

Clumsy as he was on land, Castor racing for the pork in the deadfall. The End

had speed. He streaked away from So intent was Carcajou on his obthe manthing with a new terror at jective that he did not sense the

his heels. The dog sprang forward, nearness of the beaver. So intent

seizing the beaver by the tail. Caswere the beaver on escape that their

tor, remembering the trick of the Old noses told them nothing of CarcaOne, turned and slashed. The jou. The wolverine entered the

dog's hind leg hung by a tendon. deadfall and reared to grasp the

And the manthing was tying a bait. At that moment Castor and

tourniquet on the stump that once the female appeared in the channel.

was his thumb. Glutton and beaver froze in surprise.

Carcajou's paws grasped the pork

The female, spurred at last to even as he tensed for a spring at action, scrambled from the hole and Castor. There was a splitting crash

followed Castor while the dog and Carcajou lay in a heap, paws howled and licked at his dangling still clutching the morsel that had leg. They scuttled across the ice, led him to death.

COMMENT FROM A FRIEND

{Continued from page 585) same good friend, Mr, Shibley, with bigness of analytical mind and for his its success, for stronglycontinue to hope to WAYS TO HDD VARIETY fearless character, approach andI in seeing interested it work out am intensely from its financial difficulties. I confess I all the issues of life, wrote me a letter

confidence that so little was chagrined.was. giving in his MEALS YOUR TO me own handwriting, the that optimistic assuranceplaced in my his reactions to his reading to of variety of Joseph a new zest Give I all a give right would and wasCompany

great deal to be able to say by next spring, Smith, An American Prophet, by your meals by serving Three Diaits the management"See, and Company Evans. Crabmeat John Henry I have his permonds SALADS—PRE-

I told would."as they youhave good made that letter: to quote DISHES CANAPES—PARED in—at presmission is peculiar Street in a mood Wall

gives Three Diamonds COCKTAILS. It has one.ent, not a pleasant had many

flavor of the experiences people you all the deepseaunpleasant with who New York City, March 31st, 1940 have not told the truth about their propDear President Grant: Giant King Crab, in tender juicy leg

It is the life affectederties. read have somewhat cross and As you know I of segments that tickle hungry appetites.

literthe in that large weather. the hot and heart Brigham Mormon So Youngby

and tolerant mind of yours forgive it. Let ature you have sent me from time to time, So easy to serve, too.

the reflected result mine. vindication in particular andthe upon I have be your and at Insist label on this

if through, characteristics the of before the journey's personal"But Mormon we fail... grocers 11 today your is all the those well."largely through I consider most your met, people I have

sublime words I have ever heard. They kindness.

inspire to courage and that beautiful conNow while convalescing from a severe fidence in the immortality of the soul that illness which kept me in bed for two months raises man to the stature of a God. I have read the life story of Joseph Smith

Will you please say to your good lady, by Mr. John Henry Evans, which you sent

your wife, that I appreciate and continue me. It makes an heroic and altogether a

to think pleasantly of her cordial kindness remarkable story intensely human. Mr.

and hospitality. I never passed more pleasEvans reveals graphically the outstanding

ant days than when she and you and the characteristics of the Prophet, chief of younger folk and I explored the Canyons. which was the love he demonstrated for

As for yourself, I am your friend for the his fellow men. As a youth he seemed to

ages and ages, as the Arabs say. I came visualize spiritually that the only way that

to respect, to admire, and to entertain a civilization can progress is through man sincere affection for you. You are set well loving his neighbor as himself. This was

up in the world. You are doing finely. I the belief of Confucius 500 years B. C, anever admired you more than when you took belief he reiterated to his disciples a thouTHREE DIAMONDS

times.with dignity This, took moreover, sand what York. you was in New the mesBRAND FANCY

that I into of entered sage hope Jesus of your Nazareth. have to mankind It is my

life and will become a part of your thoughts. You and I know what has happened,

Yours very sincerely, especially in recent years, to civilization (signed) FRED W. SHIBLEY. because man, instead of loving his fellow CRABMEAT

And now, more recently, this men and showing a( Continuedfriendly willingnesson page 632to

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1940

COMMENT FROM A FRIEND

will ( Continued page 63 Otherwise to an eph Smith. from 1 move we spirit Fred feel the can W. Shibley,

appalling period decadence. of There human character sincerity of our and itcooperate with them, through has wrecked to cry voice aloud as and seems anywhere no

hatred, vicious and brutal. Jonah did before Nineveh, arousing the cause and our people and our leaders

Joseph Smith loved his people. He was people to awaken to the danger which notwithstanding all the prejudice

ininterested their wellbeing, heart and confronted them. in that has us been heaped upon is soul. That his people loved him tell Please see him Mr. Evans you when past, times the and notwithstanding in believedand brought he I that his thoroughly enjoyed book. whyhim—because He

this spiritual ancientthem message. disbelief skepticism the of all and is to his be complimented English on and

is the death greatest His tragedy of the his terse description. of world. powers

American nation. It was a foul thing, utWith kindest regards and best wishes,

terly senseless and illustrative of the worst Sincerely, side nature, in the devil of human man. (signed) Fred W. Shibley. do well his revere to honor You and

memory. And So To College! What the country and the whole world It is very gratifying to me that

needs today is a resurgence of the philos- a man of the character and experi- ( Concluded from page 608 ophy taught by Confucius, Jesus, and Josence and calibre of my friend, Mr.

changed. A second phase of this

question must concern itself with the foundation that will be laid in college to enable a person during his later life to make his leisure a creative force. "MILK WHITE EGGS"

A third question might be: "What

am I going to get from it?"The

answer to this question will depend GOOD TO EATAND to a great extent on the first one.

On what the person takes to the task depend to a great extent his REASONABLY PRICED rewards. Probably heading this

aaagassgssgggeggtt list on what he will obtain from

Eggs with a Look for them a college education will be: broadening horizons. College should

National at Your enable one to look at the whole of

Reputation Grocers When life more sanely. It should increase

life ability to help enjoy and to for Quality You Shop one's life. It enable others should to enjoy

one to help alleviate the ills of the world. But more than all else, it

UTAH POULTRY PRODUCERS COOP ASS'N vineshouldCreator.reaffirmThisone'sfaithbeliefin thein aCredi-

"Milk White"Eggs are used in all M. I. A. Cooking Schools ator must be based on a knowledge

by which His plan is operable. His

plan does not preclude mistakes, for

He has given man free agency. But

He does indicate the way and designate the goal. The faith that should ASK YOUR GROCER FOR be fostered in the higher institutions

will to not of learning allow blame FLEISCHMANN'S HIGH VITAMIN YEAST'for the to the attached Creator be

Helps supply the vitamins you need. Start now to eat 2 cakes mistakes that are obviously man's.

every day. 'Rather it will emphasize that His

faith in man has made it possible for

ROYAL GELATIN DESSERTS man eventually to reach perfection

Seven delicious flavors—lemon, orange, cherry, strawberry, largely through his own efforts.

raspberry, pineapple, lime. And use Royal Salad Gelatin for Thus, as the doors swing open

salads, appetizers and main course dishes. for college entrants, they should

ROYAL PUDDINGS knowing,know thattheywhichwill theyfind. seek,M. C.and,/.

Made with wholesome arrowroot. Three flavors—Chocolate,

Vanilla cream. A nCCIPCDCUlTllillno SOMETHINGDIFFERENT FORNEW THATAND and Butterscotch. Also make delicious homemade ice Mli IiAi

MAIN ASSEMBLY PROGRAMl ROYAL BAKING POWDER TakeViaYourHawaii,MutualSamoa,on AFijiTRIPand TONewAUSTRALIA.Zealand

THE LATEST SOUND AND COLORED MOVIES

The only nationallydistributed baking powder made with cream One Hour's Unique Entertainment—Nominal

of tartar. Dependable and economical. Charge

Apply BEN ALWARD care of "Era"Office

Salt Lake City

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1940

The Church Moves On (Concluded from page 624) ELDER CANNON TOURS CANADIAN MISSION /Completingthe Canadiana threeweeks'Mission, EldertourSylof vester Q. Cannon of the Council of the

Twelve reports favorable progress in the affairs of the Church. In company

with his wife, Elder Cannon traveled 3,100 miles within the mission, held twentythree general meetings and seven special missionary sessions. A

record wheat crop is expected from the western provinces. SAYS ELSIE—

ELDER CALLIS REPORTS Borden's Glamour Cow

MISSION TOUR A chapel is being built in Huntington, Sometimes I wonder how we keep up the pace, the standards** West Virginia, and other new Borden's sets for us cows—chapels are planned as other centers Rich, pure milk—we must give it every day—lots of it, for

in the East Central States Mission, reBorden's to evaporate and irradiate. Smooth, digestible milk for

ports Elder Charles A. Callis, member them to distribute every day to grocers everywhere

of the Council of the Twelve, upon his So that you and everybody can buy itreturn from a fiveweek tour of the under the familiar Borden label—St.

mission. **5uES\ Charles brand.

Really, you'll love our milk. Try it!

Evidences and A Utah Product Reconciliations (Continued from page 609) ditions led to the suspension of the Order, as a mode of life. While

it is in abeyance, the law of tithing and wise and earnest cooperation in all affairs of life partially take its place. Yet, the United Order remains the ideal under which

Latterday Saints hope some time to live. Today it has a practical value

as an ideal by which any proposed economic system may be tested for the degree of its worthiness. The

nearer any scheme for economic TA7HEN it's all said and done, m&h principles the to conformsbetterment FINE = flavor is what counts. In likely the more Order,of the United

it will be to assist mankind in their Royal Bread you'll notice a fine,efforts to attain material happiness. MeaD

It may be observed that the prinsubstantial, natural bread flavor ciples appearing in the United Oryou'll really enjoy.

der are those which are applied more Every Day or less completely in a democracy. At Your Grocer's

They are certainly in opposition to any form of regimentation or dicRoyal Baking Company, Salt Lake and Ogden tatorship, since the Order provides 100% HomeOwned 100% American personal freedom of action and common consent in all affairs. {Doc.

and Cov. 1 04: 2 1, 7 1. ) The student

of history will further observe that prosof greater human periodsthe IN LOS ANGELES in these which those beenperity have ENROLL(Commence Later if Desired)NOW apnearlyprinciples most been have proximated. infill)! $25. Discount on a Complete

IN BEAUTY CULTURE COURSE is the answer emphatic "No!"An 5th at Spring School Accredited A State at the head the questionto $2.50 of this Tariff/from

article. is never a preparaUntruth in Every Room Shower and Tub A Culture of Beauty School Ogden truth. fortion communism, Modern

Theatre Egyptian OGDEN, UTAH in Over Headquarters Utah Recognized socialism, nazism, fascism, and any Angeles Los - Name all are systems, related other Director V. SMITH, Managing the CLAYTON

( Concluded on page 634 Formerly of Salt Lake City Address City State

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1940

Evidences and inappointedthe stolen guardian,robes of humanmasqueradingequality.Tomorrow's Success Reconciliations In stern opposition to these selfstyled "liberal"political "isms"is

id. msbanvted. by* ( Concluded from page 633 the plan provided by the Lord. As

same in essential theory. They opone studies the United Order, the

Todays Preparation! poseselvesreligion,claim exceptto beas revelations,they themmorehumanevidentwelfare,becomesfor developingits power hufor

and reject Christian morality. They man lives, and for providing the

prohibit free speech and action; prosperity needed on the path of

eliminate private ownership and progress. It makes possible the

initiative; hold without exception the things for which the human soul

state above the individual; regiment most hungers. It stands secure and

the people; allow the strong to domifirm above the imperfect inventions

nate the weak; they take government of men. It is a mighty and marvelout of the hands of the governed, ous evidence of the divine inspiraand place it in the hands of a selftion of the Prophet Joseph Smith.

appointed, selfish, selfstyled superNot communism and its brood, but group, and they culminate in dictafaithful living within the Church of torships. The free agent has no place Christ, reestablished in these latter

in their systems. Their claim that days, is the preparation for the comthey believe in human equality, as ing of the United Order. There is

shown by their tyrannical behavior, no other adequate and acceptable is false. Force and terrorism are preparation. And let it be rememtheir weapons. All that makes for bered that that coming will be auhuman security and happiness is dethorized through the revelation of

stroyed. the Lord to the President of the

One need only read the published Church.

of further in the interested study (Those philosophies these of "isms,"and to the in this addition read, subject, may in observe action, them to confirm Covenants, in and revelations the Doctrine the above statements. From Plato the United Order Among the Mormons,

to Marx and Nietzsche, the same Geddes; The Second United Order Among

Plato; Republic, the Allen; The Mormons, story is told, of highsounding one

Nietzsche; Zarathustra, The Thus Spake objective, practice but in one of subManifesto, and Engels; Communist Marx

jection of the common man to a selfMein Kampf, Hitler.

Entrance to the L. D. S. Business College

in investment Just a small WOMAN'S GREATEST CAREER training business right now will pay dividends all your (Continued from page 587) are the men who win their living life. marriage in the Church of Christ. from the farm or from the exercise

Our young women should be led to of skilled trades. Even in the days

farmers the had depression desire Temple marriages. of Make the effort now—before skilled workfew enough to eat, and

the opportunity passes. Mixed Marriages men were without a job. Moreover,

there is a coveted independence acFill out the coupon below, paste T need not add the corollary that companying such pursuits. Young

it to a onecent postal card, and wise Latterday Saint women will women should be proud to have mail to us. We'll gladly tell you not marry outside of the Church. such men as their companions, proabout the exceptional training and Religion is really the philosophy of vided, of course, they love one anemployment facilities that await life, the cause of our actions, the other. Love should guide in the

you here. peacegiver and happinessbegetter choosing of one's mate, not his

in life. No matter how excellent two wealth, position, or occupation.

people may be in character and

L. II. S. Business ethical living, if they are not united Modest Home Beginnings

spiritually as well as mentally and a equal sense common fail physically, in to the XVTith they meet College should be willyoung woman life. crises deepest issues the of In

70 North Main Street of life, as in sickness and poverty, ing to begin life with her husband

Salt Lake City, Utah this lack of united faith leads to as humbly as may be necessary.

sorrow. Mixed marriages should be Most girls desire to help, not to

L. D. S. Business College avoided, if full happiness is to be hinder their husbands. The selfish

Salt Lake City, Utah won in marriage. and sophisticated manhunters are

Gentlemen: Please send me the booknot numerous. To demand that the

let, "Planning Your Future."The Husband's Profession honeymoon house be equipped with

the advantages father and mother

Name: Tn considering a life partner, young have gathered through a lifetime is

women should not be caught by a sign of weakness and superficial

Address: the glamour of whitecollar jobs. understanding of life. To learn "to

The only real producers of wealth get along without"is a great gain in

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 194

WOMAN'S GREATEST CAREER life. Moreover, the joy of adding to danger human health. Meanwhile,

the home this and that comfort, gradit must be said that in the majority of ually, and through one's own efforts, cases women who have lived natural brings a keen joy that it would be lives and have had large families are a pitiful mistake to miss. Especially the healthiest and happiest.

pernicious is the effect of beginning In all these matters relative to married life in a home furnished "on marriage the Young Women's Mucredit."Debt is and ever has been tual Improvement Association should

an enslaving enemy of mankind. set up correct ideals, and instill them

by wise repetition, for the young

Early Marriages women who are really waiting for

TUTarriage should not be delayed guidance and ready to accept advice.

too long. Early marriages are

usually the happiest. In early maMeaning and Tests of Love

lifeture the required adjustments really in "p very easilymarriage are and made, more Giant* in is founded successfullove—themarriagelove of alive longest. Besides,love remains

to "grow up"with the children enman for woman, of woman for man, riches life greatly, for there is then based upon physical attraction and established a closer understanding spiritual harmony. This love whichbetween parents and children. leads to mating and parenthood Your Washing which obeys the divine command "to

the and replenish Birth Control multiply ennobling earth"Smells Sweet and most is the sweetest

HThere has developed also in recent gift of the Lord to man.

years, on the part of many womThe quality of sex is eternal. Theen, an unwillingness to bear chilunion of the sexes is ordained of the and Clean

dren, or an inclination to "space"Lord, eternal, so that life may ever them according to. some whim or be multiplied. As we have a Father—when it IS clean—when every

fancied need. Birth control is today in Heaven, so we have a mother bit of the soil and grime is

a welldiscussed subject. In this there. In parenthood, men and washed out oi it—when every bit

doctrine, as commonly taught, lurks women most nearly approach their of the soap is rinsed out of itl real danger. From the point of view Creator. Through parental love, And that can only be done with

of the Church, large families are dehuman beings best understand the an efficient soap that also rinses sirable. The waiting spirits are love of the Lord for His children. free and clear. That soap is PAR,

blessed by being born "under the From the sacrifices made for mate the soap that contains Pyro. Pyro,

covenant."Likewise, every child and children, human beings receive you may have heard, is the maradds joy to the normal family. The the highest known ecstacy. Love velous ingredient that prevents

argument that a young couple canbetween man and woman, true love, the formation of soap curds and not afford to have children is usually which is enduring love, makes a life graying scum. So. get

founded in error. It is the common exof joy. It gives courage to meet

perience that except in cases of deep life's adversities with a smile. Love

poverty, a little going without here spells happiness. To live in loveand there will provide for the little is the most glorious experience of PAR SOAP

newcomers; and in a wellregulated life. At the Grocers in

household, children as they grow Since love is the summation of all older may contribute something to noble emotions, young women Your Neighborhood the upkeep of the family. Besides, should be prepared for it. They Whose Customers Come First!

provisions are now being made by should know how to recognize it and which the medical and hospital costs to receive it. Leaders of our young

of maternity may be greatly reduced. womanhood should be ready to guide

It may be added also that the strugyouth in their quest of love. Love

married the younggle made by susceptible fully satof a not be may BE INDEPENDENTcouple for the of maintenance themdefinition, isfactory are there but No Other Vocation so Profitable is theirselves really and brood true which be some tests by love may ENROLL NOW It fornecessary keen joy. misis a distinguished recognized from and

For a Complete Course at the it. all totake to try Despite escape love, attracsimulated animal mere

said to the contrary, there is danger tion.

to the woman in the use of mechanTrue love between two persons Quish School of Beauty Culture ical or chemical contraceptives. The begins with respect for each other. The Best in the West

336340 S. Main, Bldg., American is fairlysubject recent, already but together. they must be happy Then SALT CITY, LAKE UTAH <Vrthere birth are evidences that confriend- of congeniality, A feeling For Further Informationtrol to tends endanger human ship, test of comradeship is a and or Catalog

health and the spontaneous joy of love. Quarreling and other forms 4-0313Callor

united companionship. If for health of disharmony during courtship o,ifv Fill in This

or other legitimate reasons birth condays will probably increase after "/ Coupon trol should become necessary, there marriage.

are natural methods which do not en- (Continued on page 636)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1940

OC)*n00B()0l)'<)<)(>04 WOMAN'S GREATEST CAREER {Continued from page 635) Zion, with a high and divine desLove is founded in truth; truth is tiny, through sin to their destruction.

the mother of honor; and honor is By holding out false promises, by

clothed in purity. One cannot lie painting alluring pictures of error,

d5ank na orableto a lovedone,proposals norto her.tenderIf dishondishon- byto secureinsinuatinghis victims.whispers, he attempts

orable acts toward her are discovered To accomplish his purposes the in the lover, the young woman may devil uses every means, but his e... be sure that he does not love truly. chiefest attempt is to destroy the

It follows that love will not harm moral integrity of his victims. A

The general forward movethe loved one. Love is kind and false love is offered as something to

ment in business finds this tender and cannot injure the loved be desired. Sensual gratification is

strong, conservative bank one. Still further, love helps the made to appear like love. He knows

cooperating with its clients loved one. She needs help, and he that sexual sin, the loss of chastity,

in every possible way. Our renders it. It is an expression of more than any other sin leads to

service includes Commerthis test of love that leads men to degradation. Young women who

cial and Savings Accounts, help women out of a car, or keep are prepared for the greatest exTrust Department—acting her on the safe side of the street, or pression of life with a true mate, are

as Administrator, Executor, hold the umbrella over her head. tempted to defile their bodies and

gift love. royal of the desecrate The Trustee,—Guardian and is searching the Even more

is virtue that unchastity of test horror Abstract Department and unselfishness. of Service to the loved

lost recovered. be never can once Safety Deposit Boxes. it requires is incomplete unless one resoshould Every and man woman

sacrifice giving. love in the True

if battle, lutely be, paswith needs sacrifices for the loved one. The sions, appetites, and temptations, to

lover gives himself of for loved the their virtue, to remain preserve IJSAVINGS& ITT that one, goes without have, she may chaste. LI rillTRUSTCO./I 1 is If lover! unselfish. the Watch

Street 235 South Main j reveals history of the world The is selfish, girl better the he would

Federal Reserve Member System results immorality. the of awful for look another mate. Federal Deposit Member individuals the road Nations on and not conemotional upheaval Corporation Insurance An

a to fallen greatness because have is tests, these to forming other and not love, is probably purely physthey failed to observe sexual purity.

ical, and all too often leads to hasty, The evil is with us today. In our

illadvised marriages, resulting in own United States one out of every lukewarm lives, or outright unhapten citizens or more than thirteen piness. Young women should test million persons, not counting those

syphilitic; disease, are born with the their love before to surrendering

not the medical known to and many is that it be certain and 1 - Its marriage, profession are afflicted with the >eHas genuine and likely to be enduring. Rewards disease. horrible scourge, due The delicate, In all intimate these matinterested—are Ifyou * r all is to at looseness, acquired moral ability develop the speak to—to ters future the of the upon which

effectively in in public or everyday until ages of fourteen years age from

I. forge conversation—to faster so depends, ahead Church much A. M.

it doing, than are you far age. half now be middle may beyond One inleaders give should courageous, helpful to read Work WonHow all syphilis of of are cases acquired ders free. With sent Words nowto telligent leadership. these Present This booklet points new out the twentyfive before years age, of and effective of importance speaking in subjects courageously, modestly,

|building career, a successful and and insistently, to our young women. the largest incidence occurs between to increase popularity, "how it helps

of twentyfive, ages twenty prestige, and earning power. and the difference of acthe mere Show It explains also have how the highest next twentytheir between speech, gainedmany improved life, rich ceptance of the and and fright"timidity, "stage overcome and and selfby five thirty, cases as with and this easy method. many booklet homestudy read confidencean To may it. living joyous silence of The spent. to well be prove an evening fifteen years nineteen between and free this address Simply send booklet name and and often which too these surrounds sent at obligation. requirements once. and be No thirtyfive thirty as between and is problems to for a INSTITUTE great blame AMERICANwill much MichiganNORTH Ave., Dept. 3601 Chicago, Illinois years. 4187, deal marital of unhappiness.

Nature exacts a heavy penalty The Perversion of Love from those who tamper with the fountains of life. Life is shortened

last theme—a sorry one—is by many years, up to one fifth ofWEDDING INVITATIONS lVflY

life glorious perversion period. the of the the estimated Despite and ANNOUNCEMENTS gift love. curative of about one modern methods for 100 $4.50

It is evil that die of existence a thousand persons each hundred law invitations withWhite enpaneled two is in syphilis. to law. opposition in year ever Satan every from One ofvelopes; choice or Script English Old

Printing 24 Hour Service seeks to lead all mankind, especially ten cases of insanity and one in

Postage prepaid when remittance accompanies the citizens of the Kingdom of God seven cases of blindness are due to order on earth, into sinful ways. This he syphilis. The results of this scourge

in simulating good, the are the does of almost found weakening by by PRESS HOVEY is this devices of a of deception. every organ the body, many and He DANCE PROGRAMS—TICKETS—INVITATIONS

liar itself beginning. the disease the even from be would when may He 21 East No. Temple, Salt Lake City, Phone 3-0617

lead our young women, daughters of cured.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1940

Woman's Greatest Career The effect of moral sin does not end with the sinner. It is carried

down to the third and fourth generation. At least sixty thousand

babies are born in the United States, each year, with syphilis; and twentyfive thousand babies die yearly from VOTE

the disease, passed on from impure parents. Blindness and other crippled conditions are suffered by innocent children whose fathers and

mothers had contracted syphilis and other venereal diseases.

Even if the sinner escapes disease, or is assured that he may be cured, the memory of the sin, the breaking of one of the Lord's supreme commandments, remains to poison the joy of life. And, once having surrendered to Satan's wiles, the path

to destruction is more easily trodden. The words of the Lord still

shaltstand: not commit "Thou for the men who are smart enough to adultery. the Lord, God,... For I

delight in the chastity of women.

And whoredoms are an abomination buy good machinery. The wise ones buy

before me. Thus saith the Lord of

Hosts."they have The dominant evil of the world "CATERPILLAR"—because

and one of the gravest dangers to human welfare are lawless sex gratidependable, economical equipment for use fication. We believe, in the words of

President Joseph F. Smith, "that

sexual sin is second only to the shedwhile in office, and leave longlasting mading of innocent blood, in the category of personal crimes; and that chinery for their successors.

the adulterer shall have no part in the exaltation of the blessed."

Young women should be taught to that associaunderstand immoral tions love as darkTRACTOR and are as far from ness is from light. A man who makes EQUIPMENT CO.

improper advances to a woman does SALT LAKE CITYnot love her. He not only insults LANDESDistributor of "Caterpillar"Diesel Engines, TrackType Tractors, Road Machinery

her womanhood, but in his heart he also has contempt for her. Love

does not spring from lust. Virtue is

youth's dearest possession; and

chastity is the strongest bulwark against the many temptations of life.

Of all earthly possessions virtue should be cherished most. If one

values life's happiness, one must ATTENTION! AH Property Owners!

enter the married state with an unFIRE is no respecter of persons, lives or propstained, unviolated body. erty. MODERN, EFFECTIVE, INEXPENSIVE

Youth should avoid temptation. IN USE For OVER FIFTY YEARS

is if easilyThis accomplished young COMET Aids in treatment simple of Canker, REDcontrol positively best defense Fire your will observe always and menwomen Sre. loss thousands Endorsed against by byis sore throat minor and other mouth free satisfied demonusers of everywhere. A ladiesto gentlemen. Indeed, be and

will Contact your you. stration convince RED irritations. and throat time other once. certain at dealerthe may Some mark of a boy COMET Mormon

is that he is a gentleman; of a Mornotwritebe soon enough. For further information

all is that shemon girl, a lady—in Hall's Incorporated Canker Remedy COMETtheir actions. chaperonage The Comet Building, of RED767 Red Littleton, Colorado 536 So. at Salt East 2nd Lake City, Utah earlier to protect years intended was or

young people from indiscretions. J.403V.NorthNELSONNinth West

( Concluded on page 639 Salt Lake City, Utah Phone 4-0213

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1940

SOLUTION OF SEPTEMBER PUZZLE SCRIPTURAL CROSSWORD PUZZLE

DEATH DEFIED L F E T V The grass withereth, and the flower thereof falleth away."{1 Pet. 1:24.) R & * "For all flesh is as grass, and all the glory of man as the flower of grass. H E $

u i T S T H Y T T I M % E "R I c D $ E R o L D R E N K Y -R E s G R # A A E &> F N E M Y # s u l S L o u M &> M T $ c P p E L S s A E s $ & A L 8* H A 5 T E >A L A H 1 s R T T ft $ $ p R c E H o T A E Y &

S E s N S N *p E $A P $

1 E E S P H c o A $ * V 1 L 5? E F $ A L L *

SsdJfoA Way.

To Keep Your Current Magazines...

A New and Practical ACROSS Binding Development 1 "... was manifest in these last 30 Installment paid

times for you"32 Leave out Here is a new and convenient 4 "that raised him up from... 34 Paul said, "I... unto Caesar"

Capital dead"of Norway 36 as magazines your to keep way this is the... which Testament book 7 "And by 37 New

in, orderly and readily they come unto is preached the gospel you"Confederate 39 accessible. It consists of a durable, 11 "..., an apostle of Jesus Christ"40 "but he that... to the end shall

attractive cover, so devised that 12 Changer be saved"

. me"

.. and. twelve issues of THE IMPROVE1514 PersonalSongs possession 4442 "being"I flee untowhollytheeat to..

MENT ERA can readily be placed 16 Mother 45 Man (Phil. I.) quiet"

therein, ready for convenient read17 Professional title 47 "whetber we live therefore,...

die, the grace of are the Lord's"he by we God ing. 18 "that

... death for every to should view man"49 Lost

This binder eliminates the con20 "a time to rend, and a time to 51 "make ye a... with us"

fusion on your reading table which 21 not... corruptible seed"5556 One"Castingthat rulesall your care upon him;

is likely to result when your various 23 by... resurrection of Jesus... he careth for you"

current magazines are left to lie Christ from... dead"57 "and say, I live for..."

about loose. 24 If so be ye have tasted that the 58 "Then said I,... Lord God"

... is gracious"

to that Epistles of are. those Peter the 26 Text from appointed Our for holdcovers can supply We

is 1, to. death". and 7, 21, 4, 56, 23, 24, 40,

of issues current ing twelve any... art 57 Lord"combined 28 "Thou, O

publication, (and Church other DOWN at surprispublications as well), ingly low prices. 1 Sleeping apartments 26 Small opening

2 American Indian 27 "they found the... rolled away"

Write for further information, or 3 Trial 29 Roof edges will it in his here Pilgrim landed Fathers Lord 5 "the 31 The... call at our office for a demonstra-

.."are. these "for words time"33

tion...."is in there "and none names 6 Hebrew 35 God

7 "... with the dew of heaven"38 Son of Ephraim; anagram of 28

8 "things present,... things to across

come"41 Indian tent Qjhe LOeseret flews 109 Affording"... near remedyunto the gates of 4543 ThreeAnger (Sw.)

death"46 A priest Neh. 12: 15

... stayed up his ress... 1113 SeedTelluriumvessel 48 "Aaronhands"and

29 Richards Street 15 "he planteth an..."50 "Do not..., my beloved breth19 Consumed ren"

Salt Lake City 20 Older 52 Continent 22 Defeated 53 "My presence shall... with

24 "The lot is cast into the..."thee"

638 25 Sisterin-law to Ruth 55 Gravimetric volume

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1940

WOMAN'S GREATEST CAREER (Concluded from page 637) which will lead them into happiness.

Today it would be well for the These ideals must deal with all young man and the sweetheart to phases of a woman's life, such as the remain with the crowd, seldom to care of the body, the cultivation of be alone together, never in lonely the mind, social conduct, wholesome places. Petting and other forms of recreation, economic wisdom, and

bodily contact are not necessary for the spiritual life.

good companionship. In fact, most

men dislike women who permit unTraining for Parenthood due familiarity, and a woman should HpHE most lifegiving ideals are bebeware of a man who offers it. A gotten in the home, unless, inright-minded man loves purity in deed, it is but an empty husk of a

wife.his coming sweetheart and direct Parents house. may the See How You Can Have as pure like her to beHe would as thinking of the habits our young and

is his mother, and the woman may women from infancy by teaching and demand as much of her betrothed example. Children reflect in theirhusband. actions and aspirations the homes GAS HEAT

Moreover, young women should from which they come. It is indeed at no additional household expense

help young men keep pure. By their difficult for a child to rise above his

actions they may restrain their male early home environment. Early Consider all your costs and you'll discovfriends from improper suggestions ideals color every conviction of maer that clean, automatic Gas heat need

and behavior. Men and women ture life. It is more than probable cost you no more than any other method.

in help the anothermust one atare battle that the monsters now who for payyou've been example, Suppose, constantof the need men to hardwon tempting wreck our life—and all ior coal. That's low, year ing $40 a ofaid and women. civilization reflections women of adare but Men

who are clean and pure will find verse home conditions. right but it's only part of the story. What

blessings. livesjoyous God's under places This upon fathers and I frigerationabout cooking,costs? waterheatingLet's say an andaveragerepurity begins of responsibility. Such a course in mothers tremendous

pure thoughts, and becomes estabFor the sake of the coming genof $6 a month, or $72 a year.

lished as correct actions are praceration, if not for themselves, they Now you're beginning to see the whole ticed always. After all, "out of the must conduct their homes discreetly, picture. $40 and $72 add up to $112—an

heart are the issues of life."wisely, and intelligently. average of $9.33 a month.

To protect youth from the perYou may well ask: How may

of local plenty are families There who love ofversions maintenance of is a sober challenge these ideals—the than $9.33 no more pay a month for Gas leaders. the training Saint homes; Latterday A.to M. I.

of women for homemaking; choosand they enjoy Gas heating as well as

Ideals ing and living with a husband; the Gas cooking, waterheating and refriger-

T-JuRRiEDLY I have tried to sketch meaning and tests of love; and avoidation.

some leading problems pertaining the temptation to engage in perYou, too, can save on your total houseing to the daughters of Zion, in their versions of love—be fixed in the hold expenses by using complete Gas

ideals. souls of youth? I can only answer: service. As you use more Gas, the rate

The course of individual or comTeach the doctrine; urge youth to goes down. It's worth investigating.

munity life is determined by ideals. think, and read, and speak, and act

Our acts, and the whole course of well and nobly; find an outlet for the

human history, may be understood superabundant energy of youth in as results of the ideals of mankind. wholesome, interesting recreation;

This must be so because ideals are show how lasting joy surpasses the inner convictions of men. "As a momentary pleasures; teach the

man thinketh in his heart, so is he."Gospel, which brings men and womAn ideal is the soul of every act. en near to the eternal realities, and

Therefore no human problem can gives strength to men to overcome be solved except by the establishevil and to gather good in life's ment of suitable ideals. journey. The environment in which THE ONLY

live 1007. our with Ideals are not has born fullfledged, do much to> we HEAT AUTOMATIC ideals practices. natural purovernight; from seeds they and grow A

sown early in life—the earlier the suit in life will do much to keep lifebetter—into a fulness of value. They pure.

obey the laws of life: may be fed or Large as the responsibility seems, Came in and Get Complete Details

starved, kept alive or destroyed. if M. I. A. work is taken seriously,

The three main agencies in formas it must be for the army of ading human ideals are the home, the vancing youth, leaders will be blessMOUNTAIN FUELschool, and the church. ed and strengthened to meet every

first of obligation of them. placed the leadership duty upon The And SUPPLY COMPANY I. will fill the their hearts representing joy A., overflowthe and M,

Church, is to correlate the work of in the loving message from the MasSalt Lake—Ogden—Provo

the home and the school, and to help ter: "Well done, thou good and Serving 23 Utah Communities

our young women establish ideals faithful servant."

LETS SAY IT CORRECTLY ECHOES FROM THE SCHOOLROOM cansing. ladies is that only sort the of music Contralto low colloquially to very frequently used much mean is too Badly out. juice squeezed the with Dust or to to need; want meaning words greatly with or very

in is one can do anything country no where a A republicis mud is to "I preferable to "I for instance, very much,"go want private. is a haircut very much,"or "I need badly"; to very want go is a place where souls suffer for a time on account Matrimony is the adverb badly.""I better Badly very than need a haircut

their sins. of all of the know. meaning adjective which for the bad, we

-<S>- CORRECTION THEaboutdiscussionthe man aroundwho builtthe hisfamilyhouse dinnerupon thetablesandhadandbeenthe the Finally the rock. built his young house upon one who omitted as a member of Dr. A. was Widtsoe John name THE if that to the idea seems be "Well, daughter spoke up with: the from Committee Agricultural the of Advisory Church

it will rocks."the the sands go on upon house your you build article Era. Stott September of the 529 C. page on Orval by

Ellis, Palmyra, Y. Bonnie (Miss) N. Submitted by

-$- BAD BUSINESS Dear Editors: Old Lady: "My poor man, it must be dreadful to be lame,

After reading your interesting and lucid article on canning but think how much worse it would be to be blind."

fruits the oven way in my last Era I decided to try it Poor Man: "Dat's right, lady; I tried bein'blind, but dey

myself. I was so surprised at the simplicity of it and so very was always slippin'me counterfeit money."

pleased with the results! Also I've convinced my mother, who

has canned hundreds of jars of fruits and vegetables, as to the SOME DARKNESS superiority of the method. oven text, darkness his preacher announced had "And Negro A

truly, Yours fell the darkness minds gross the on earth, and upon Elma Jones, people."of the

%Shamrock Dairy, Tucson, Ariz. "'Splain to us whut 'gross darkness'means,"suggested one

# of "Allhis faithfulright,"repliedfollowerstheinpastor.the front"I kinpew.do dat. 'Gross darkness'means one hundred an'fortyfo'times darker'n dark."

THE REAL THING friends, don't to buy you want Candidate: "Now, my

A. From J. Head, eightyfour-yearold the genuine you'll get for a pig in a poke. Vote me and

pioneer of Franklin, Idaho, now living article."

in Oakland, California, comes the accompanying picture of his son, Win. HIS OWN TECHNIQUE

sheriff for years eighteen D. Headj

that, like "I little man."cry wouldn't Kind Lady: my late Franklin of County, the and

please; Little boohoo, can cry you any "You Man: way Merrill, editor Harrison R. former of this way."is my the Extension "Era''the head of and

Division, University. Young Brigham

in Ireland, where DESTINATION UNKNOWN pictured pair are The they were missionary companions more Small Boy (paying street car fare):. "Please give me a

than thirty years ago, from 1907 to transfer."

1909. Conductor: "Where to?"

Small Boy: "Oh, I can't tell you that 'cause I'm going to a

surprise party."

THE DIRECT ROUTE Old Jock McTavish told a friend he was running for an—-$ undertaker as his wife was seriously ill.

remonstrated "But,"the friend, "it's not an undertaker you clipping: following sent the us Willes Wangsgaard Eva

it's want; a doctor."activities the in America. "Versewriting major is now one of

It has been amply demonstrated in recent years that the "No, no,"was the reply, "I canna afford to deal wi'middle workers in this art are not confined to any favored section of men."

the the socalled sophisticated country. Time was when more THE JONESES'FAULT

controlled the of the output, communities East but no more.

A singer is as likely to soar in a Middle Western prairie town, Husband: "I wonder why it is we can't save anything."

a Northwestern hamlet, a Pacific Coast port, or a Southern Wife: "It's the neighbors, dear; they are always doing

city as in an Eastern center. something we can't afford."

"We note, for instance, that Utah in its newspapers and its magazines, such as The Improvement Era, has earned a place MUCH NEEDED because of its better than average production of verse."Professor: "What is your idea of civilization?"

Alex R. Schmidt, in Oakland Tribune, Oakland, California. Student: "It's a good idea. Somebody ought to start it."

$ IN THE OLD DAYS living of pioneer hardships, yet people can Speaking many FIRST THREE WARDS REPORT "OVER THE TOP"their fork bread they toasted remember over on a when

A T the time of our going to press, three wards had already fire. And even had to cut the slices themselves. the

** reported reaching their subscription quotas for the 194041 Era year. The first was Huntington Beach Ward of Long HIGHER LEARNING

Beach Stake, followed within a few days by 17th Ward, of "Waal, how's yer son gettin'along in school, Jake?"

Mt. Ogden Stake, and Fourth Ward of Montpelier Stake. "Not so well, Lum, not so well. D'you know them teachers

Congratulations! is trying to learn him t'spell taters with a 'p'?"

Above—Albert Shephard directs the strings during a Sunday night performance of "Music of the Masters"over KSL for Z. C. M. I. Right—KSL

producer Ted Kimball, Harold H. Bennett, assistant manager of Z. C. M. I.,

and Director Shephard discuss a production problem.

MUSIC TO ENJOY Z. C. M. I., America's first department during music of charm and simplicity.

store, presents "Music of the Masters"Z. C. M. I. and KSL join in inviting you

each Sunday evening from Ten to Tento share the listening pleasure of the

Thirty over KSL. Directed by Albert thousands who find enjoyment in

Shephard, a string ensemble plays en- "Music of the Masters."

50,000 WATTS 1130 KILOCYCLES EVERY MAN A HERO TO HIS CHILDRE

Brigham Young, hero to his own these three virtues to get there.

people for nearly a century, now Faith, fortitude, and foresight will steps Out in a new role as movie build a new empire or maintain your hero to millions ofother Americans. loved ones in security and comfort

Few men, if any, in the history of the in your present circumstances. It

west, have shown comparable faith, takes them all to build a Life Insurfortitude and foresight. ance estate... and the rewards are

In this day, too, every man can be a worth the effort. Start today. See

hero to his children. And it still takes a Beneficial representative.

i

rp

%MM%:Mm.m, IlilifflSiiSlIl Heber J. Grant, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah