DECEMBER, 1944 RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH... cwtt/lHlSflame

bum&diyeb Ike

5 HOUSEHOLD FREEDOMS towwWi&iM Setter k&meb of

jOi FREEDOM FAILURES from COOKING

faithfully following recipe, By a good, tested **. # InstallFREEDOMa goodfromautomatic"COLDgasWATERwater heaterBLUES"of

even an inexperienced bride can cook sucample capacity... and forget it! Always

cessfully plenty water at hot turn of a of the mere

. laundry, dishes, bathing, ance) gas. range.. with.. a. CPthanks(Certifiedto its automaticPerform- I f faucet every.. for

controls, as flexible and simple to operate household need, 24 hours a day, 365 days a as a pushbutton radio. And gas is quick! year. That's convenience for all the family. H

FREEDOM from FURNACE DRUDGERY FREEDOM from REFRIGERATOR NOISE

Automatic gas heating is all comfort and no The gas refrigerator is the only type that's fuel Puts an storage, stoking, work. end to parts; no moving

noise, smoke, grime. soot and Just set the I hence,permanentlylong silentlife and. upkeep.. minimum

thermostat or press a button and relax! * I expense. You get these exclusive advantages

And now, complete yeararound aircon- plus attractive design and all the modern ditioning ventilation cooling or refrigsummer Before buying any you want. is KU= features

... optional heating. Investigate! listen with gas erator, stop,... then decide. look and

THERE'S A FIFTH FREEDOM TOO: FREEDOM FROM HIGH COSTS

All good gas appliances are distinguished by economy in upkeep and operation. In

planning your new or remodeled home, ask your architect or builder to specify "allgas"equipment... for enduring satisfactian and real savings. There's nothing more modern.

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

SERVING UTAH AND WYOMING i WAR AND PEACE

SANTA'S FAVORITE'By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

Among children, grownups Qome states have different titles on the and even Santa, too, official state seals than just the ordiffluv& GRRHBMS "Republic of Connectinary name. The,$*> -''j- m

cut,"the "Republic of Massachusetts,"and the "State of Rhode Island and

Providence Plantations"are the official Because only tffauydScei titles of those states. In Rhode Island, are made with genuine

until 1 854, the General Assembly met in

Newport, South Kingston, Bristol, East Chapparal honey - and

Greenwich, and Providence. After they're fresher, too - made

1854, Providence and Newport were dual capitals until 1900, when Proviin the onjy cracker factory dence became the sole capital of the between Denver and the state. + Pacific Coast.

/"OLUMBus Spanish andwrotePortuguese.in a mixture of

Look for The Rich, Brown Package

Tn some parts of the world when a

Moslem is too poor to buy a copy of his sacred Koran, he may rent pages of the book.

HPhe potential nylon hosiery yarn production for postwar now appears to be enough for four hundred fifty million pairs per year, with a cost down to ten cents a pair for the material.

Tn the Ross Sea off Little America on the Antarctic continent, a compass points straight east, as does a compass also in the middle of Victoria Island off the north coast of Canada. Inland partway toward the South Pole on the (x/h&A&v&A. thsu qa—

Antarctic continent at 110 degrees east longitude, a compass points straight a subscription to west, as it does in the Fox Basin north of Hudson Bay. This is because the

magnetic poles of the earth are twelvehundred miles or more from the geoTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA graphical poles. magnetic The north in WILL KEEP THEM CLOSEpole the Boothia is on Peninsula

northern Canada.

$2.00 a year, anywhere in the world—A new process called "reslooming"

"puts wool or cotton cloth through for the gift that gives itself twelves times a bath of a waterthin and resinforming a year.

plastic. When so treated the fibers are

soaked through and retain their texture, and the cloth lasts longer, resists wetting and keeps its shape after many washings or dry cleanings. Cloth so The Improvement Era,

treated such as Palm Beach will be 50 North Main St., Salt Lake City 1, Utah

good for light suit materials which ordinarily wrinkle easily.

'—SEND THEM THE ERA Please enter my subscription for one4

"pOR the first time in history one form year, starting with the friends To home, at school* of cancer and family—at can completely conbe number. (My $2.00 is enclosed herewith.)

in forces. and the armedtrolled, to according statement a recent

Dr. theby E. C. of University Dodds

Fill in, tear out, and mail the attached Nameof result London. of BritishAmeri- A coupon. cooperation,can the use synthetic the of

hormone diethylstilbestrol can make (The "Era"will send a gift card with your Address sufferers from cancer of the prostate name as donor, if you so request.)

gland symptomfree.

{Concluded on page 740) DECEMBER, 1944 Ward Stake

ImprovHent "THE GLORY OF GOD IS INTELLIGENCE "Era I

DECEMBER, 1944 VOLUME 47, NO. 12

Lcover Jke OF "THE VOICE THE CHURCH"the Priesthood Quorums, Organ of wise men led by Official The Mutual Improvement By Grace Sayre of Education, Department Music Committee, as a Associations, Ward serve the star

Teachers, and Other Agencies of Jesus Christ of the Church to us today challenge of Thisenchantmentis the way whitei s to try to follow the Latterday Saints made:

road that leads to the Snowflake on snowMaster of men that flake, fluttering, laid, soon his message may Bushes and tree travel throughout the branches, sparkling other Jke (Ldltot'4 J-a and reach world white with fe in distant wise men skies, the from Christmas Greeting Heber J. Grant 749 Stars lands. light. scintillant,

photoThe cover is the place This where is H. by graph is enchantment made jreatured Lkurck Roberts, Armstrong Close stream a by

Charles adapted by JJL......Hugh To a Service birches where 755 of World Man wove B. Brown War

Jacobsen. shade Minds Are Conquered Love.—Levi 756 Edgar Only By Young

The Measure of a Man William E* Berrett 759 All through the sumviolets, mer, for.... Officer, Swell? Church or Mr, Do You Grow sweet Lhurch or the Marvin Ashton O. kiss; a soft 760 As now

Reconciliations: Is Evidences and Jesus their snowkissed, LXXXVTJ—Why

the Christ Sometimes Called the Eternal Father? feet.

President J. Reuben John A, Widtsoe 769 This is the song white

Clark, Jr., of the Promises of Old, Selected by What Creates the Appetite enchantment is singFirst Presidency, will William E. Bunker 741 for Tea, Coffee, and Toing

deliver the Church of Priesthood: Melchizedek..742, 776 bacco, Isaac B. Ball 777 With sleigh bells and

the Air address SunThe Seventy 756 (See also pages 777 and 781 snowflakes, rhymthday morning, DecemAaronic 778 Mutual Messages....744, 745, 781 mically ringing.

In the 744 779 Teaching Scouting Army Ward 11 1944, 24, ber * 767 NoLiquor-Tobacco, Skidding Church Moves The On a.m., Mountain atWar of Change Address:

Life's 780 Highway, Genealogy On Ab Jenbroadcast This Time. Fifteen days'notice rekins 742 Music over will heard be 780 quired for change of ad-

1 at stations, C.B.S. dress. ordering a When

o'clock Eastern War change, please include 12 o'clock CenTime, featured stencil impression from a tral Time, Specialr War recent issue of the magaFuture and the and The War, the Church, Pacific 10 o'clock War zine. Address changes

Time. His subject will G* Homer Durham 750 cannot be made unless be, "Behold the Lamb A Mormon Wife—The Life Story of Augusta Winters the old address as well as

taketh which of God, Grant Judd Mary 752 the new one is included. Grant—II

the sin of away 758 Greater Statesmanship Parley A* Christensen the The world."(John 1:29.) The Spoken Word from Temple SquareRichard L Evans 762 ExecutiveOffices:and Editorial

After the Big Whistles Blow Ira J* Markham 766 50 North Main Street,

Editors Exploring the Universe, FrankChildren, Marba C. JoSalt Lake City 1, Utah.

lin Harris, S. 770 737 sephson Jr J. Grant Heber Copyright 1944 by Mu- B. Corner, Cook's Josephine the of Charles Gods, Food The A. John Widtsoe Inc., tual Funds, a Cor772 Nichols E. Dibble 739 poration of the Young Editor Managing Here's 773 How 740 Men's Mutual Improve- L. Evans Telefacts Richard 773 Hints Handy

Association of ment the Citizen, Good Mero Maud A the 774 from Camps News Editors Associate of Church Christ Jesus of Doolittle 746 Youth of Toof Today—Man Josephson C. Marba Saints. All Latterday Attitudes of Religious Noted 781 morrow, David S. Murdock William Mulder rights reserved. Subscrip748 Strong Men, Leon M. 782 Books

tion price, $2.00 year, a General Manager for with Homing: and Fun Ours Books Page 800 Your

in advance; single 20c Morris George Q.

copy.

Associate Manager Lucy G. Cannon Cdltonati Office,EnteredSaltat Lakethe City,Post

Business Manager Of Christmas—and of Things to Come....Richard L Evans 768 Utah, as secondclass

John D. Giles Christmas...:. Marba C. Josephson 768 matter. Acceptance for

mailing at special rate of National Advertising postage provided for in

Representatives section 1103, Act of OcFrancis M. Mayc, tober, authorized 1917, -)torie5, f-oetn1 Salt City Lake July 1918. 2, Singing Wires P. 754 Sharp James

Edward S. Townsend, Era Improvement The Sound 761 King The Sweetest Bleecker La Rene Francisco and San is for responsible not unBarnstorming Hart 764 Jane Los Angeles solicited manuscripts, but

Dougan and Bolle, Enchantment, Grace Sayre....738 Frontispiece: Visiting Grandwelcomes contributions.

mother, Chicago and Disappointments, Thelma IreJane Rhyne 747 land 746 Poetry Page New York 765 Allaccompaniedmanuscriptsbymustsuffibe

Member, Audit Bureau of cient postage for delivery

Circulations and return.

CIRCULATION FOR THIS ISSUE: 93,000

738 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE FOOD OF THE A GIFT SO SOFT AND COLORFUL,

THE BEAUTIFUL

By DR. CHARLES E. DIBBLE

is, the staple Cornfoodhassupplybeen,forandthe InAmerican dian. This food was so important

to the Indians that nearly every tribe celebrated a corn festival. In many ".::

tribes corn was deified: among the

Pueblo Indians the plant was reverently referred to as "Mother Corn"; to

other Indians, North American a beautiful maiden, with long, fair hair, was 100% VIRGIN WOOL transformed into corn—her hair is still

to be seen as the silk on the cornstalk;

to the Aztecs the maizelike plant was considered the "food of the gods"(teocintle). The extended use of corn, W

the numerous corn festivals, and the many origin myths show that corn culture reaches back into the dim past of >..

tradition.

Although the archeologists have dem- 'onstrated that the cultivation of corn X antedates the birth of Christ, neither '/-'the archeologist nor the botanist is ready to present categorically the details of the origin of corn. The time,

the place, and the parent plant are still a matter of speculation and theory.

According to recent evaluations of the existing evidence, the most probable

Today's beautiful Vogue is our featured civilian blanket selected to bear the Wool O'the West label. You will be delighted with the fine craftsmanship in your gift Vogue knowing that it is

loomed by the men and women at Wool O j the

West who proudly wear the ArmyNavy "E"

IOC award for excellence in war production. These

artists in wool are looming the 1945 Vogue in four attractive colors: Peach, Blue, Green and

Dusty Rose. We suggest you make your selectTHE BLACK GOD OF THE MAYA HOLDS THE

SYMBOL OF IN CORN HIS HANDS. ion at your favorite store as early as possible. (From the Troano Codex.)

Lovers of jacquard patterns—ask to see the

locations for the domestication of corn Wool J the West NETHERLANDS blanket. are: the highlands of South America,

the lowlands of southeastern South

America, and the high cultural centers of Middle America (Mexico and Guatemala ). A study of the wild relatives of corn has not as yet provided a

parent plant which we can point to as the direct ancestor of corn. As to the For finest women's wear, ask your dealer to show you 'Woo/ O'the West'Fabrics.

date of origin, archeologists are not disStyled in Hollywood and distributed by M. Blumberg & Co., Los Angeles, Calif.

posed to commit themselves beyond the statement that corn domesticated was PORTLAND WOOLEN MILLS PORTLAND 3, OREGON the birth tosome time prior of Christ.

DECEMBER, 1944 739 TEiEFACT ILLITERACY VANISHING \J v v \j u v 1920 nunv v v v \ 1930 llll! <? v u *

1940 Eachmmsymbol represents W of all persons 10 years or over

NeA** *f40 fcgwr* based o* percent of popvlt*ert 30 y**f **4 *** **> W*e Wtf lew ** ** of tcheeliwf

WCTOGRAPH CORPORATION

EXPLORING THE UNIVERSE

(Concluded from page 737) so that quicksetting asphalt can be laid

A powerful new insecticide, called almost immediately, and within a few "dithane"as short for a long chemihours heavy bombers can use the aircal name, which is nonpoisonous to field.

human beings, has been discovered and 4 juice of contains '"pHE the milkweed an gift tested of a than group by 80 years, a For more and Haas Rohm tenderizes frank- A enzyme which scientists. against best Dithane works qualMcDonald's of Mrs. J. G. furter casings beef. tough and insects chewing bugs and sucking such

ity chocolates has been a tokas aphids, leafhoppers, Mexican bean in the size in oases Sahara vary HThe the immealy beetles, and bug. By

fifteen from three thousand to hunsoil en of true sentiment—carepregnating the at planting or time

fully chosen as the best of spraying the absorbent young leaves of dred thousand date palms. It is falsely

good chocolates. Through growing plants, enough dithane gets into said that an oasis is possible when a

the plant juice to kill the sucking infault in the rock permits the underthese many years, "the only sects, which can't be killed with ordiground water to come within one hungirl"has thrilled and delightnary poison sprays. dred fifty feet of the surface, because

this is the limit of length of the taproot of to thoughtfulness the ed tree. of a palm in aircraft jewels apphire instruments 4C

this remembrance. *-* finding in are glass competition new research found have cheap men C oviet ring jewels superior are to which sap- *-* of extracting oilways iodine from phire in cost Mrs. and Today, only one J. G. McDonald's ways many

field refuse, sugar watermelons, from third as much. Selection Personal Chocolates vitamin and tree from pine needles. C

express the same thought 'T'o construct airfields rapidly, and to JDersons who are blindfolded walk or they always have carried. For save first laying a foundation of guide a vehicle in circles to the right

your "only girl"choose this crushed rock, large quantities of dilute or left, into the form of a spiral, becomcan sodium silicate be poured smaller on raw ing smaller in radius, and but land. This toughens the ground exquisite assortment of the meadow reversing never the direction of turning.

world's best chocolates.

Mrs. /. G. McDonald's

worldfamous chocolates TELEFACT have been awarded six world's grand prizes and TODAY WE EAT MORE FRUITS AND VEGETABLES gold medals, and 44 other THAN 40 YEARS AGO gold awards. (PER CENT INCREASE IN PER CAPITA CONSUMPTION)

AVERAGE

it 19091913

MrsJ.G.McDonald 1941

in 190913Chocolate Company Eoch symbol represents 20% of average per capita consumption

Salt Lake City—Owned and Operated by

Mrs. J. G. McDonald and R. Neal McDonald PICTOGRAPH CORPORATION

740 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

PROMISES of OLD The FamilyFarm -yd new

Selected from the Book of Mormon by William E. Bunker

For, behold, saith the Lamb: I will manifest myself unto thy seed, that they shall

write many things which I shall minister unto them, which shall be plain and precious;

and after thy seed shall be destroyed, and dwindle in unbelief, and also the seed of thy brethren, behold, these things shall be hid up, to come forth unto the Gentiles by the gift and power of the Lamb.

And in them shall be written my gospel, saith the Lamb, and my rock and my salvation.

And blessed are they who shall seek to bring forth my Zion at that day, for they shall have the gift and the power of the

Holy Ghost; and if they endure unto the end

they shall be lifted up in the last day, and shall be saved in the everlasting kingdom of the Lamb; and whoso shall publish peace,

yea, tidings of great joy, how beautiful upon the mountains shall they be. (I Nephi 13:

3537.) * * *

FOR those who shall be destroyed shall speak unto them out of the ground, and their speech shall be low out of the dust, and their voice shall be as one that hath a familiar spirit; for the Lord God will give unto

him power, that he may whisper concerning them, even as it were out of the ground;

and their speech shall whisper out of the dust.

For thus saith the Lord God: They shall

write the things which shall be done among them, and they shall be written and sealed up in a book, and those who have dwindled Above—Lappingfurrows uphill with 2-Way Pickup Plow

in unbelief shall not have them, for they seek to destroy the things of God. ( II Nephi AT AllisChalmers we believe in the farm as a way of life...26:1617.)

* * * * in familyoperated farms their behold, in prayers also wereAnd We are dedicated to the purpose of helping the American farmer behalf that sufshould of him the Lord fer to bring these things forth. become more independent, more successful... with home -owned

shall one need say they not come, no And for shall, surely they for the hath and home -operated equipment that he can afford to buy, that he Lord spoken it; for out of the earth shall they can operate at a profit, regardless of acreage.

come, by the hand of the Lord, and none shall stay it; and it shall come in a day when AllisChalmers rubbertired tractors and their companion tools

it shall that are miracles be said done away; and machines are designed, built and priced to attain this purpose.

it shalland even should as if one come speak from the dead.

And it shall come in a day when the bloodof saints shall cry unto the Lord, because of Model C-First SELFGREASING Tractor secret combinations and the works of darkness. Sealed Reservoir bearings end daily greasing... eliminate the grease gun. HunYea, it shall come in a day when the dreds ofpounds of grease and hours of time are saved in the life of the tractor.

power of God shall be denied, and churches become defiled and be lifted up in the pride of their hearts; yea, even in a day when

leaders of churches and teachers shall rise in their the pride of hearts, to the even envyNEW BALANCED CONTROLing of their to them belong churches. who

(Mormon 8:2528.)

7V nd when ye shall receive these things, I Model C Hydraulically operated implements introduce "Balanced Control".

* would exhort you that ye would ask Depth of penetration is exactly gauged. Planter and fertilizer attachments

God, the Eternal Father, in the name of are in a compact, streamlined unit integral with cultivator.

Christ, if these things are not true; and if ye

shall ask with a sincere heart, with real intent, having faith in Christ, he will manifest the truth of it unto you, by the power of the Holy Ghost.

And by the power of the Holy Ghost ye ALLISCHALMERSmay MILWAUKEE 1, U. S. A. know the truth of all thinqs.—( Moroni M TRACTOR DIVISION

10:4-5.) DECEMBER, 1944 741

Sklddlivia ON LIFE'S HIGHWAY

By AB JENKINS blisters racing automobile a

Racing Champion driver World's Automobile the the Whenalong speedway, doesn't have the time nor the inand Former Mayor, Salt Lake tfm m\ aheadclinationof tohiswatchmachine.the pebblesHe knowsgo bythatjustto City, Utah

disastrous. be so would do in III, encased Meteor was Mormon

4f1% far ahead, surveyRather, looks he Capitol. State The glass in the Utah

ing the course, contemplating the secstate complied with my request to inonds, the minutes, and the hours (if it's scribe on the side of the car my signed / /.'an endurance run) into which he must testimonial

possible. as mileage crowd as much A total abstito endurance I attribute my be has simply to racer automobile good tobacco. and whisky, from beer, nence

ofthe grind the during farsighted when ficial are ticking clocks "-S-*!.,: as well as in the Tt was the school boys and girls, more the race. preparation before

responelse, were anyone than who speedster, like the Americans, We Salt of election as sible mayor for my of the longrange the view take *%: must

the of the in time 1939. At City Lake is after miserthat a dawning tomorrow

fad to a be there seemed campaign of night able war.

office to political seeking men talk among of deal great a and I hear You voters. for thirsty bars cocktail open up is noththe peace. There winning about

soft milk and but a bar, up I opened I that will believe, assure ing, America greater health, happiness, and achievedrinks were the only beverages served.

ment along the highways and byways I simply couldn't let down the "kids."

us than a vigorous, virile youth S; '"<-< before whoI havepretendsno usetoforbuildthe mancharacteror womanand today.

Appetites, those little pebbles along clean lives in youth and then indulges the road, can skid youth into all sorts of in the very habits against which he "jawmore have people teaches. Such too much if our young

I met have "backbone."than bone"educate attention them. to peopleWe paymust have in sports who who would en,oy c, ruts many champions their danconcerning America young

comtobacco to given endorsements that the gers. them convince must Purely brecW We purposes. Some for advertising girl drinking or panies or up the boy who takes

smoking habit, or both, is putting a of them don't even smoke. Such prac-

"governor"on himself or herself for the tices make my blood boil more furiously

Eat a Zoom Breakfast contest of life. In the realm of sports I than during a grueling marathon on the

Do a Zooming Day's work! have seen all sorts of promising contestsalt flats. The people who do this don't

ants go spinning into oblivion because realize that they are selling the "kids"

A skimpy stopgap breakfast starts they let these habits tamper with their short, because youths are great hero you off with a handicap... leaves you stamina. worshipers.

hungry and below your peak effi- I shall always be grateful to my mothMy business, racing, and duties as ciency by the middle of the morning. er for the teaching she gave me as a mayor, have carried me into a great

boy concerning the ill effects of the use variety of situations. I have been at

A HEARTY ZOOM BREAKFAST of tobacco and liquor. She was a piobanquets where toasts have been drunk gives you a flying takeoff—starts the neer. For her religion she left her home in champagne. Then there have been

day right in Wales and pushed out across the the smokefilled rooms of political conthe night clubs the where and plains, mountains, and ventions, rugged dreary it "Cook Fast—after never the race. But gather boys in Utah. to find a deserts desolate home Eat it Slow!"it to from veer necessary found have I faith, teaches the Her religion, Mormon

You can enjoy pipinghot Zoom for against the use of these narcotics. She my abstemious course. On the contrary

breakfast on the busiest of mornings. passed these teachings on to me. I have won greater respect from both

to adhering for strangers friends and my I felregular to a a be wanted boy As It plenty of cooks instantly—leaves friends of best convictions. Some my in I liked low. the to swim Jormuddy to breakfast it should what make citioutstanding America's of and many tracks railroad the across River dan leisurely pleasant meal! often but zens smoke, drink and timebe—a I liked near challenge to home. our one Tomorrow—set the day's pace with fellow after another to distance runs thought has been expressed to me: the"I

Zoom! around the block under the street lamps wish I had your physical condition and

at night. I enjoyed competitive jumping, had refrained from these things."

weight lifting, and bicycle riding. But Mixing alcohol and nicotine with

I never let my mother down by lighting your blood is like putting water in your a "fag"or taking so much as a sip of car's gasoline. It's bad enough for the

beer. moment, and if continued the engine

It has been my good fortune to be the will wear down prematurely. only automobile driver ever to remain at America has a promising future. We

the wheel before official timers for must make its citizens of tomorrow a twentyfour hours straight riding withstrong youth today. Let us help them to

out a relief man. I could not perform avoid the stumbling blocks of appetite;

at the imnot and to far ahead look feats without a sound body. INSTANTCOOKING such

their little along strewn pebbles mediate in the gone, realm of I have Wherever

WHOLE WHEAT sports, business, and government, I have path.

clean life. Recently my racing car, anston, 111., October 7, 1944.) C E R EAL tried to point to youth the benefits of the (Taken from The Union Signal, Ev742 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

JANE; Hey, turn it off! Goodness, cows JANE: Hi slowpoke! Still not through milking? Why don 't you get milking aren't the only fresh things around

machines—they sure save time. here.

JOE: I was just doing what you say is a JOE: Maybe so. But milking machines

good thing: saving time from procan't do this..

ducer to consumer!

JANE: All I can say is, some people do it JANE: Sure! And I bet most farmers would

better agree that Safeway's straightline disJOE: They ought to! Safeway, for instance, tribution of food—the way it cuts

has been working at it since before out needless costs and handling

I was born. charges—is a big help to us.

Here's how Idaho potatogrower C. R. Holden summed it up one day:

"The way I see it, better returns to growers are a natural result of Safeway's more direct and efficient kind of distribution. Fewer handling

charges mean more money for producersconsumers—that'sand lowerjustcostssimpleto

arithmetic. I think this country could use a lot more food

distribution of the Safeway kind."

right, real JOE: You're GQriXH TPTTirHVEm VVrll THEGROCERYNEIGHBORHOODSTORES

a guy and help me Jane.out—Nowstraightlinebe a

little milk production into that pail. NOTE: Better than a third of our customers are farm

folks. Find out why. Trade one full month at your

Safeway grocer's—and compare what you save!

<-s DECEMBER, 1944 743

Scouting in the Army The A oLetterfrom fvL tfaif Hf. Stroncj. roof advancement

Fort Riley, Kansas of the century

HThis afternoon our platoon was sent * out on a reconnaissance mission against another platoon. Our squad

was acting as a unit, and I was a scout. We moved into the general area where PABCO

the enemy was located, and I was sent out to reconnoiter. Sure enough, I ran smack into an enemy patrol, but they Alumi Shield

never saw me. I followed them until

I halted, then contacted they and sit tight the DOUBLE -RESISTANT rest to the of squad. were 0RR They n UP'

I situation. the to over look and was

After skirting the party (a squad) I decided to capture a lone trooper for ROLL ROOFING information. He had separated himself

from the rest about twenty feet and was relaxing on his pack with riflle within reach. My approach was fairly well

covered by weeds but there were a lot of dry leaves in my way. Well, by

cautiously creeping up, by the method I learned in Scouting and perfected in the army, I got within five feet of him. Just

then one of the guards looked my way, so I just froze in good Scout style. I

convinced him that nothing was there even though I was almost out in the wide open. I crept on and directly up

'HOUSANDS of servicemen behindand got thehimtrooperback toandour capturedown G.H.Q.him

going home for the holidays will without any of their men knowing it. I

then spent about an hour watching their use the facilities of hotels. You every movement at close quarters. Sure

can help them enjoy their trip reminded me of all those times we've stalked animals camp. up at Scout By Jlwo roofs in one! A 65 -lb. en route home and those few brief the I understand another way, you had

hours with their loved ones this commendable camp season? I knew you Asphalt Roofing of finest qualwould; you always do. ity... plus a topsurface coatChristmas by staying at home dur-

I tell experience about Did you my reflects that of on ing aluminum holidays. the ing the We at Hotel night night? the other bivouac had We building rays heat... makes contacted the retreatand were enemy visits, always your welcome Utah

firing line to ing a... our good when side interiors to 15 cooler up

that our want you but we know ( tear a gas threw ) bomb. mask My... douhazards reduces fire general over went on my service in the to come men gasglasses—the first—to

procedure is to remove them. Everybles the resistance of the roof

get I fine until the happiness they so well thing the was was given signal all clear the t..vear and weather. Alumiassemble and on deserve!

double. Off pops my mask and also my shield your roof

glasses. Boy, was I in a fix? All this

in absolute black was I darkness—pitchI spent onehalf and it. Well, mean

hour combing every inch of area directly around me. Finally, I chanced to rur

on them, and they were still in one piece, this the miraculously. time troop By.****"*T the It I not. had know moved Service out—where, --co uniformly it find to to for job the was now my way my paint uses brushes particles iseveryJ*nlythe I been watching to or camp. back had rough P eliminates f better. partic/es covers all fine stars as the and** they evening out were ** and.

on smoother It bright. the of reminded very many me

evenings at camp that you and I have sat out under the heavens and you taught -INC. PARAFFIN E COS their in the THE places and me the stars

19, CALIFORNIA SAN FRANCISCO Scorpio, heavens. found I had Well,

Cassiopea, the two dippers, and the N others. of star, Draco, and lots By in the Look

these, been going I had figured had we "Yellow Pages"| direction, on an NE PABCO dealer. thought was a SW courseso I andset whatstartedI

to follow it. It was too dark to follow

ravines or streams—couldn't see which

744 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Scouting in the Army way they ran. Well, sure enough I contacted the troop about two miles out of

camp. The officers are still talking about

it, for they lost five others that same night. Scouting sure helped then, but it

seemed like everyday to me.

Lectures on map reading, first aid, stalking, and many other Scouting subjects are a review. I've had

numerous dry—justcases to use my first aid especially. As you know, we had dozens

pass out about five weeks ago. I don't

know what happened to some people at those times, but I've seen more officers lose their heads while some

Scout, of which there are several here, steps in and revives the victim. It just

seems so simple now, but I sure can thank Scouting and you. Those many

years in camp really helped I know now. You know, the army rates an

Eagle Scout, with the personality to go with it, very high. Many of the fellows

who made O.C.S. are Eagle Scouts with

no military. Seems conclusive, doesn't

it?

Our tenday bivouac starts week after next. I'm waiting with bated

breath to see just how we come out. I

know the answer already though. The

Scouts will be the most comfortable and... and it's festiverested at the end. It has already shown... and your A-l baking pieces and almonds

up on the few bivouacs we've had alsuccess GUARANTEED! and delicious for any occasion! And the

ready. I can see how Scouting has cook's own secret is this tested A- 1 recipe

helped and so can the other fellows. A special treat for Western housewives and guaranteed baking. This recipe or

Many of them have asked me where... an easyto-make cake with the tangy any recipe is guaranteed to be successful

I've learned to do certain things and I flavor of fresh oranges. Frost it with the when you use Globe "Al"Flour. See the

could answer Scouting. Of course, they sugarsaver frosting, decorate with orange amazing unconditional guarantee below.

all know I'm a Scout executive's son, to beso I have "on the bit"(as the S"it ) continually.cavalry puts

I sure prize that Eagle ring—would- A-l "SUNKIST"CAKE

n't sell it for anything. 2 cups GLOBE "AT"FLOUR

tsp. 3 tsp. salt Vi baking powder (or 2 tsp. doublei/j acting)cup shortening

1 tsp. grated orange rind 1 cup sugar

Special Interest Celebration %1 tsp.cup watergrated lemon rind 1 tsp.2 eggs,orangeunbeatenextract

letter following G.'T'he from Emma

Interest leader Special Smith, of derSift andfloursalt;once,siftmeasure;three times.add Creambaking shortpow-

Oakland Stake, bespeaks a worthening well; add orange and lemon rind.

while, enjoyable year: Add sugar gradually, creaming mixture

As a climax to their year's study of Latinuntil light and fluffy. Add eggs separately;

American countries in the Special interest beat about 1 minute after each. Add dry

department, the Elmhurst Ward M.I.A. ingredients alternately with combined water

gave a very delightful PanAmerican celeand flavoring. Mix well after each addition;

bration for their closing party. beat well after last addition only. Turn into

greased, lined loaf 8x8x2"in pan. Bake started opening at 7:45 program The

) oven (350F. for about 50 minforwith the appropriate occasion. music p.m.A utes.moderate cold. Frost whenreturned missionary South from America

his talk experiimpressions agave on and after hisences mission, Mrs. SugarSaver Frosting while which on

Frank Colburn, past president of the PanCombine 1 egg white, JA cup sugar,

American Association of Oakland, gave an 2 tablespoons strained honey, and enlightening talk on the Americas. dash of salt in top of double boiler;

Then the Mutual members were invited to mix well. Place over boiling water

the amusement hall. The decorating comand beat until thick (about 4 to 5

mittee had transformed the hall into a street min. ). Remove from heat. Add 2 teajuice 2 spoons orange teaspoons and colors LatinAmerican were used

until of grated rind; beat spreadingcafe—gaylavishly, flags republics, of the different gay

awnings of colored paper, the street lampconsistency. Frost cold cake.

posts with colored shades, not forgetting the multicolored parrots hanging from their perches. f*J\ lOl "B"VITAMINS AND IRON

The program here was lovely, consisting of LatinAmerican dances and Spanish songs and music.

Refreshments served by the younger group, in costume, crackers ice cream. and consisted of chili and GLOBE j\j FLOUR

DECEMBER, 1944 745 A Good Citizen By Maud Meto Doolittle "T-JE was a good citizen."Once again

A the words have been spoken, and I have heard; and afterwards, in

thinking of all that may be included in good citizenship, I have remembered a man who once was my neighbor in a small middlewestern community. By

natural bent he was one of the happijfig&i ness makers of the world; by profession

a country doctor. The little town, in

which he dispensed more than advice and medicine in his understanding ministrations, sheltered many whose educational advantages had been slight, and the country all about was dotted with the homes of others whose early struggles with the land left them little time for the pursuit of that something known as culture.

In and out amongst them all wound the doctor's path, and through all the years of his service he carried introductions to the world's greatest writers, having always in readiness some quotation that would lead straight into this or that shelf of magazines or books.

Purchasing extra copies of his favorite volumes, just for the purpose of lending them generously, was another way of distributing good thoughts.

Around about the country went the doctor's books, while the resultant discussion of them became a natural part of the conversation in almost any group of friends. The first David Grayson book

was passed about in this way, and all the later ones were eagerly sought.

Someone sent out a good book at

Christmas time because the doctor had recommended it; someone else was persuaded to add a new volume to the very

small public library the doctor had started; and so his influence in good

FIRST SECURITY BANK OF UTAH FIRST SECURITY BANK OF IDAHO literature spread. New teachers in the Notional Association National Association schools were sometimes surprised,when

City, Logan, at Brigham Ogden,With Branches Blackfoot, Emmett, at Boise, With Branches literature, fine bit of by presenting some CityProvo, Richmond, Park Bingham, Magna, Hailey, MontJerome, Idaho Gooding, "I've read that exclamation, the pleased at Offices of This Area. and Payette, pelier. 5 War Posts PocaMountain Home, Nampa,Falls,

Shoshone, Rexburg, it last lent to doctor me Our FIRST NATIONAL BANK Offices at tello,and Aberdeen.Preston, And Salt City Lake here stanza is a Or, "There TwoSt. AirAnthony,Bases before.winter."Plant. Ordnance Naval and at Sugarhouse Tooele and Branches With recite. father heard He that I have my FIRST SECURITY BANK FIRST SECURITY TRUST CO. It seemed doctor."it our from learned Salt City Springs, Lake Rock Wyo.

that everyone in the community gained

Members of Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation some knowledge of good literature, the new and the old, that was traceable by 22222S22222222Z222SS222 deviousThis doctorways tofriendthe sameof thesource.whole counbusi- splendid did Halloween a into of beauty introduced tryside much yUC We to old the From Norway Utah—from the lifting above him, lives about the story to from world woven the new—a SUITS send cannot CLAUS SANTA We of a thoughts the many commonplace life in the true incidents courageous of a 1vMr\ City for needed many out of town—too encouraged recognized and person; he woman. use.

places; he in obscure talent found splendid BIBLICAL COShave We Read vrCI *-0 of and contagious COSTUMES growth PERIOD TUMES, kind of spread a

for FESTIVICHRISTMAS COSTUMES fuller into that lead appreciations the fill needs. your can TIES and

enjoyment of living. He was a good

IF YOU ORDER EARLY citizen.

In the Gosoel net WE ARE VERY SHORT HANDED

Christmas Merry by Dr. John A. Widtsoe We wish you a and the Best DISAPPOINTMENTS of Years New

Sold at bookdealers everywhere By Thelma Ireland 141 pages $1.25 HILLAM'S COSTUME SHOP Disappointments are defeating.

A proper Christmas gift for old and young SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH So discouraging as a whole, 10 Rooms filled with Splendid Costumes But they stiffen up the backbone,

And they seem to starch the soul.

746 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Photograph by

H. Armstrong Roberts

Visiting

wVIRE the stars little sprinkles off of the moon?

I've wondered so long—and I'm going to know soon

I'm going to visit Grandmother!

I'll skip ahead when we go for a walk,

Skip back to take her hand and talk,

And maybe I'll ask Grandmother:

"What are snips and what are snails?"

And "Who put the curl in lktle pigs'tails?"Jane Rhyne

I'll ask these things and one other:

"Have I grown as tall as the cookie jar shelf?"

She will say, "Honeybunch, go see for yourself!"

She's the nicest kind of grandmother!

DECEMBER, 1944 747

* THE--—!KeuaLou6 rttltnae5

OF NOTED MEN

By LEON M. STRONG

Robert A. Millikan, an outstanding

physicist of the present day, is deeply reverential when he says:

Let me henceforth use the word of God to describe that which is behind the mystery of existence and that which gives meaning to it. I think you will not misunderstand

me, then, when I say that I have never known a thinking man who did not believe in God. (From a pamphlet entitled "A Scientist Confesses His Faith.")

Dr. Arthur H. Compton, professor of

physics at the University of Michigan, has written:

A religion without a God would be inadequate.... The argument for a Creator on

the basis of design has never been adequately refuted. As we learn more about our

world the probability of its having resulted from chance processes becomes more and more remote.... Almost none of the hypotheses of science are considered as proved;

this does not destroy their value. Neither

would the idea of an intelligent God have to be demonstrated true before it can be accepted and acted upon. (Religious Digest,

May 1940, p. 1.)

Thomas A. Edison most of his life

appeared to feel that there was no certain knowledge of a hereafter. Yet his I"attitude during his illness immediately

preceding his death is reported in this "Ifoot a,<Kip fashion "Wot mildness... wot speed... it's soaperlative!"depthsPerplexedof possiblethat helife couldafter death,not fathomhe neverthe

theless reached the conclusion that the soul

.. issued a state-. The family Young man, you took the words right out of our mouth mightment afterlive on.his death. Denying an he was

—except that you didn't say, "It's FelsNaptha!"atheist, the statement said he carried a

reverence for a supreme intelligence, even

But that almost goes without saying, if letters from though... A fewhe subscribeddays beforeto heno passedorthodoxawaycreed.he

FelsNaptha users are proof. These women tell us wasa pleasantsitting indream.his chairSuddenlyapparentiyopeningenjoyinghis

that golden FelsNaptha is the best laundry soap eyes and gazing upwards into space, his face illuminated with a smile, he said: "It

they ever used. That it gives them whiter is very beautiful over there."(Associated

Press dispatch to the Deseret News, Oct.

washes. With less hard work. In less 19, 1931.)

time. That it saves wear and tear on Nicholas Copernicus ( 1 473- 1 543 )

fine fabrics. Polish astronomer, is described as:

faith full of prayer. lived and a Since so He had experienced many house- N.B.—... a man who was devoutly religious,

life of Christian his virtue—imitating keepers agree Master, about FelsNaptha healabout doing went good, Soap, who

so far from anything having before why don't you try it yourself? poor—yetwhereofing the sickto boastand preaching the gospel to the himself he said God,

that he felt his need of infinite mercy; and in

seeking the pardon of his sins he would not place himself on a level with Paul or Peter, u bybut, therather,side choseof thea pointpenitentin selfhumiliationthief. (Encyclopedia and John Stouten, Worthies o/FELSNAPTHA S0AP bcm ishes JattleTale Gray"Science, 4243.) pp.

does not seem possible that the twelve months of another year have passed

IT since my greetings of the season appeared in the pages of the Era last

December.

Since then much has happened—in our own lives and in the world. Since

then Sister Grant and I have each completed our eightyeighth year and started out upon our eightyninth year. The Lord has blessed and sustained us richly in

many ways, and among the richest of our blessings are our brethren and sisters and our friends, whose prayers, whose many kindnesses, whose cards and letters, and gifts and thoughtful inquiries and good wishes have warmed our hearts and blessedWeourwishlives.that it were possible for us to acknowledge by letter or by card

our love and appreciation to each and all of you, for your many birthday and

Christmas remembrances, and for all else—but this we cannot do. And so again

greeting—asthis year, as last,a renewedwill youexpressionaccept thisof mymessage,love andthroughblessing.the Era, as my personal

To those who are separated from their loved ones this Christmas, may your loneliness be lessened by the companionship of the sweet and satisfying spirit of our Father in heaven.

Into many homes sorrow has come since last Christmas. May the peace and

comfort of him who lives, and who died that all might live, bring its healing influence to all of you who are sorrowing at this time.

And may God accomplish his purposes, overrule in the affairs of nations, hasten the end of war and of wickedness, and bring peace on earth and good will among men.

Again my wife, who has been preserved with me, and with whose companionship I have been blessed these many years, joins me in extending very best wishes for an enjoyable Christmas and for the New Year—and may peace, prosperity,

and happiness attend you and your loved ones during the entire journey of life, and may there be for all of you an eternity of joy in the life to come, is my earnest wish and prayer.

Affectionately your friend and brother,

December 1944 Nearing my 89th Christmas

Jke (L>ditors f-caae DECEMBER, 1944 749

The War, The Church, <u

I also thinkTheteachers,standing roll of acting ward American Institutions and Government the College. priesthood, ofat you ward and

in the that he served European been taken, ficers had and I was know ought to THEtirelycharactersfictitious,in thisincludingarticle are"Dr.enhalf-dozing, contemplating the length of Mission during the last depression, and Frederick Elliott."However, the

Brigham Young's beard in the portrait knows something about Church history. documents quoted are strictly achanging behind the choir when the bishElliott: Thank you, Sister Russell. curate, and the scenes portrayed, and

are reprethemselves the discussions that I think also you they the rose ought announcements. His to know to makeop experience. that sentative of many we governabout something aroused and Ben me:words know this literary deadopted author The

I reIt seems problems. ment war and articles presented. in the vice here fireside will be Gleaner and The M-Men

in visits pleasant very some member after atheld meeting immediately sacrament the home of Brother and Sister Benjamin your home in Washington, D.C., a few

Russell. Dr. Elliott of the College will be years ago.

present to lead the discussion on "The (At this point the doorbell rang, and ties and stake board activities and genWar, the Church, and the Future."Ben Russell admitted J. G. Randall, one eral conferences and other Church

This statement brought me back from of our prominent businessmen, not a activities curtailed, may we not expect the state of worshipful repose, where member of the Church, who had married some new developments?

forget role of the Don't Williams: sister. degree, Randall had a law the Ben's duringthe deposited organ had me

the conditions in meeting new had revelation he in Washington, where earned the presspassing sacrament, to the of in the to found postwar era. be Russell. Gretta married and in.ing see, I world am known we live You

(speaking G. Randall up): Come politics. in state active J. Randall was He I Elliott. theProfessor around looked

don't need to pass on, Harold, any you at Gretta was sat down. me and tried to assemblemeetinghouse and my waved

get here. the professor on tracts Let it for stake and I took on the board audience. I recognizedlater prospective

some. Peggy Evans would be there, granted that Ben had good reason for with it.

college graduate in economics (teachgetting J. G. out to the fireside. Elliott: Maybe we need some

ing at the high school while awaiting Elliott (resuming and addressing clarification on that subject, Randall.

Joe Collins'return from New Guinea ) one of the service men ): Well, Private I'm sure the role of revelation, while

then, of course, Harold Williams, reLewisohn, are we going to win the war? the basis of Mormonism, is still the most

doctrine of the Church, misunderstood for induction waiting missionaryturned question about that, Lewisohn: No belief, folks'almost, ranging from some wardnext week; Bowman, Nancy belle sir. I've the peace. I'm worried about

conduit from Kolob a superelectric seat four currently occupying onand just reading been and in Wilson Woodrow per- (with Office to Building the Church in course introductory ofrow my B Stannard Settlement Ray by World to the attached wires private haps a few Institutions."Law- "American Mary parcan't see hope, Baker and much

inspiration belief that the to P.B.O.), fellow, Lewisohn, that rence army and is ticularly the the country now way

is result perspiration of and the merely training program premedical the from splitting peace the proposed over up would be there, and perhaps three or plans. hard work. If you will be patient, perlittle light get a on this can haps we his from boys other four nonMormon (the missionreturned Williams

finished. too, before we're problem, there these outfit College. at Besides the that, afraid the I'm ary): than More

tonight, while Brother In Church collection sevenof usual the bewould least the at people, ones older American

I speaking, reminded Peterson was was gigglers, squirmers teenyear-old and left at war, during are the do home who released of important an document by girls seriousminded older, the moreand trust Russians. the not

who worked downtown. Then there Peggy Evans: We're certainly foggy the Church in April, 1845.

tell Elliott, will please Alice you Anne, Ben and be Randall: would my wife, in Russians. the about our information

'the bishop, the the Church"? and Russell, perhaps mean by what you been me says Rickenbacker Eddie we've

stragglers. I sat, lost in thought, somewhat wrong in our views of their You've used it in half a dozen ways althroughout the rest of the meeting, looksystem, particularly over such questions ready.

ing up at the speaker, High Councilman as religion and family life. But I think Elliott: Perhaps our discussion

he Peterson, only when these there. start to detry to get time won't reached the we're should wasting off on We

. talk,. of nis peroration it it for pin questions. Dr. I think leave should fine the war! We'll what we

... And I tell you, my brothers and sisters, Elliott right down to his announced subis, recalling General Sherman's effort at

the world's problems cannot be solved, until, ject: "The War, the Church, and the definition. Let's hope for speedy victory

as President Joseph F. Smith once stated, the Future."and cessation of hostilities, and turn to

gospel of Jesus Christ is accepted and pracNancy Bowman ( from the couch by the relationship of the Church to some ticed, by rulers and ruled alike. Lewisohn): Let's get off the war and of these matters. Curiously enough, my

I looked over at Peggy Evans, whose trim the subject down to simply "The reference to April 1845 may as well be greatgrandfather had been one of the Church and the Future."the starting place. On April 6, 1845,

twelve apostles who prepared the ProcElliott: That suits me. However, midpoint between the death of Joseph

lamation to the Kings of the Earth, April I would like to point out that both the Smith and the exodus from Nauvoo, 6, 1845, and decided I had my tipoff Church and what, for want of a better there appeared from Sam Brannan's for the evening's discussion: The meanword, we describe as the "future"will press at 7 Spruce Street, New York

ing of the Church and kingdom of God. be affected to some extent by the war! City, published by authority of Wilford

For example, may we not discover new Woodruff, a Proclamation of the "Dorty minutes later I was seated in a missionary fields in China and the Twelve Apostles of the Church of Jesus comfortable armchair, ready to comOrient? If any of you have read CapChrist of Latterday Saints to all the

pete with certain goodlooking young tain Ted Lawson's book, Thirty SecKings of the World, to the President of women for the attention of the boys and onds Over Tokyo, you will all rememthe United States of America; To the

the men in uniform present; and, viceber the Parkers and the other Protestant Governors of the Several States, and to

versa. While Brother Russell puttered and Catholic missionaries in China and the Rulers and Peoples of all Nations.

around with logs for the fire, Sister Rusthe remarkable work they are doing, in Williams ( interrupting: I know

sell introduced me. addition to the help given to Lawson something about that. The 124th secSister Russell: I think you all and the rest of the Doolittle flyers. tion of the Doctrine and Covenants, a

know Dr. Elliott, who is professor of Then, too, at home, with building activirevelation given to Joseph Smith, Janu750 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

amThe Future ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR OF POLITICAL SCIENCE,

UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE, ary 19, 1841, called upon the Mormon VISITING LECTURER, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH, 19441945 people to... make a solemn proclamation... to fore doing so, I want to bring you a few group of American nationalists I'v

all the kings of the world, to the honorable more lines from the Proclamation: seen.

presidentelect, the highminded govand Elliott, Dr. not Sister Russell: did this in... as work progresses its onward in ernors of the nation which you live. statement favGrant make a course, and more and an obPresident becomes more

oring the in of political ject of the religious League Nations and and find that section Elliott: you Can ruler, king, excitement, or no October conference? 1919 interestsubject—no for us, then read Harold? (Williams neutral. individual will or stand community is correct, Sister Elliott: That Rusfirst five section the of the verses of 1 24 spirit will influenced length All at be one by sell. neither that instance But our nor

Elliott also sides for either another, or will or Covenants. take and Doctrine and friend, Randall's, charge, that of some against the of God. kingdom the seventh the read and one him had our people are today the to opposed

verses. seventh hundred Again: idea of world government, has much

: (grunting) pretty Sounds Randall for meaning talking are about. what we therefore, idle cannot, as stand and You in like interference to Church much me I will glad to be disinterested of those spectators examine questions the scenes and

politics. their in calculated, events are for which very you, but prefer tofollowing would all laughed, the which company (At all to nature, nations reduce creeds and to night's as subject started.

Elliott but political religious thus standard, looked serious, and conone and and But, Dr. Williams: Elliott, don't you tinued. forms Babel and end to put an and names ) to think belief inthat our concerning the

spired character of American constitutional institutions plus the fear of European absolutism, or repressive state socialism, is the real bogey to which Mr.

Randall referred as troubling some of us?

Elliott: I'm glad you raised that

question, Harold. For, certainly, any

discussion of the meaning of the term, "Church and kingdom of God"in Mormon history is meaningless without reference to American history and Mormon experience within the framework of American life.

Williams: Well, then

Peggy Evans {beating Williams to the draw): Yes, Dr. Elliott, how can

you square the statement you have been reading from The Proclamation, that all nations are going to be reduced to one, with our belief in the inspired character of the American Constitution? Does this

mean, in our belief, that the American government is doomed, or foredoomed, to extinction along with "other Babel forms and names and strife and war"?

Saints Latterday weekly young To these "Home Peggy, Elliott: for a sounded you

is the to Night"answer problems which many strife either will, therefore, war. and You like of the some beset people from young might nonMormon away home lot, moment spirit in led to cast the In be your good by fireside these is times. of photograph The a agitators in the back 1 880's always who interest to lively Saints the take gathering the with at Angeles. and a Braun Los home,

it that claimed the of the was aim Morof the the people High, covenant and Most

Elliott: I want to read the opening ofbecomethe Lord;their or,inveterateon the otherenemyhand,andyouopposewill Statesmon peoplegovernment.to overthrowYour question,the Unitedhowlines from the Proclamation: them by every means in your power. ever, is better than that and is pertinent

that the ye kingdom of Know God has Randall: That sounds pretty much toandourthediscussionfuture. Wetonightmust rememberof the Churchthat come, as predicted ancient has been by

prophets, and prayed for in all ages; even to me like delusions of grandeur. At there are British, Canadian, Mexican,

that kingdom which shall fill the whole earth, best, it approaches the harebrained German, and other nationals who are and shall stand forever. thinking of some of these world planmembers of our Church. Also, after alners who want to erect a supergovern- most sixty years of confusion on that

Now, if you should read the entire document, a worldstate, in the place of the subject, President Wilford Woodruff ment carefully, you will discover that its existing national governments. can be safely said to have put all doubts

author's the that meaning was Church rest in "Official when, an Declaracloser to the to Elliott: be may You of Saints Christ of Latterday repJesus tion"of 12, 1889, he declared December in realize those, truth than making you earth. resented the of on kingdom God

shall I say, statements,".. "derogatory this that claim not Church does to be that our Russell: you Ben mean Do independent,. Randall. temporal an of kingdom God is the earth? of Church kingdom on God to aiming the overthrow States United

: I ) will categorically, Elliott: answer, in butting funny Randall The ( civil.or. other.any government.

yes. That is the way I interpret many thing about it, Elliott, is not, as you say,

thousands of pages of documents, histhat I am close "to the truth,"but that This document was signed by the tory, and discourses, I have examined many of your prominent members seem twelve apostles, their counselors, Daniel on the subject. However, I hope to be more opposed to any idea of world gov- H. Wells and John W. Young, as well

able to explain my answer in detail. Beernment after this war than any other (Continued on page 797)

DECEMBER, 1944 751 ownon The Life 4

caused some heartburnings in the "big many a night they came and got my girl"who stood up with us smaller girls grandmother out of bed, and I was left in the class. It seemed to me that she alone until she returned hours later.

was a grown woman, but she may not She was entirely selftrained and so

AUGUSTA have been more than fourteen or so, for went humbly to her task, never failing

WINTERS I was not over seven, I know, because to ask God's assistance. When, later,

GRANT I had my eighth birthday after we reshe gave up her home and came to live turned to Pleasant Grove. with my mother, she would always say

My father was not educated for a to her as she left to take charge of a teacher, though he was a wellread man confinement: "Pray for me, MaryAnn,

who kept informed on all topics of genthat all may be well."And these prayeral interest. I can remember seeing ers must have been heard, for out of the

him reading Greek history, biographies hundreds of births at which she assisted, of noted men, etc., and for years he was she never lost a single case. ( For which

II a regular subscriber to the New York skill the patient paid the enormous

Sun and Toledo Blade, when those amount of three dollars!)

Girlhood Recollections papers were a great rarity in Utah. (I Grandmother Pratt used to tell us

got my first introduction to politics and children many stories about her earlier

Nowrecollections.come my earliestI rememberschoolmy firstday theam world'ssure myleadersfather atneverthat time.had )theButre-I lifefavoriteand thatstoriesof mywasmother.one whichOnemyofownour

appearance in the school room. motest idea of teaching school. Howgrandchildren love to hear. "Tell us

I stood with others near the door, big ever, Bishop Seeley called him on a mis- 'needles and pins,'"they coax and then boys and little girls all in one room sion to take the winter school and man- I begin.

to big the while age boys Mother was big registered. boy to waiting One be I relate how, grandmother when my assistant. "call"the the a be by As girl,"little pretty and said, a "That's ( their greatgreat-grandmother ), a was since duty, bishop considered a and was to for wait said, going "I'm another one little girl in village the small Bethel, of

alrely could he Mother upon had who to I crying be had burst and out her."to she far Maine, ever had to so go

teacher, the been he a undertook ways I to scared for always rescued, was little reach the red schoolhouse where

I crisp task. those remember do Well boys. of death learned Little B, C's. she her A, Marywinter Father mornings and when I school taught a summer remember Frost, she as then, lunch with was Ann

all family the old Mother and were who It the to seems Hyde. "Auntie"meby in pail hand, trudged half mile a a and

off start for blithely the enough would I girls. little the all suppose pupils were to the every River. Androscoggin day

distance schoolhouse Those some away. in the to summer. larger ones had work this grandchildren at laugh funny My early holding walks runs morning and it sat on, I don't what remember we sounding and name always must know crisp Father's hand, the with snow standmostly that to were seems we me just in the pail; so, at lunch what was

feet, crunching joy under our a were called chair aing "Auntie"up. and had I this point, their elaborate to hearts'

fit feel delight that for us a and made learn time, to at knee, a one us to her content.

anything. through lessons. were our we When I tell it queer to Then how have was In that school long a desk had we I far liked as can as as could do wewe river to cross a get to to school, which extending the length the of whole I recall, a what good remember and the children to had single every do sat room. a highbacked bench on of "hard she had. Wetime Since was we little in morning a boat rowed by some it in front the of our to with backs strictly attentionhearing,"her gave and night they workmen. At return would teacher. to Considering the going and rest knee, the at of us child her the to to the river until wait and the workmen recitation periods, our a from too slow latitude. considerable hadenjoyed We to again. them came row back process, of over the back jumped we the in corner of the a playhouse room

back of her and, while we tried to keep the bench, if Father wasn't looking. One afternoon the children were

quiet, when we got into the excitement School over, our family trooped home of supervising the housekeeping arto find everything comfortable and orrangements, etc., the noise disturbed derly with capable Grandmother Pratt

her and she would raise her head and in charge. By nature energetic, selfsay in a very loud voice, "Silence!"reliant, and blessed with enormous energy, she took charge of everything andAnd there was quiet—for about one

minute, and then we began gradually everybody; even of my tiny mother who

ascending the scale until we aroused was little bigger than a child, and who her again. The frequent utterance of always depended upon her aid and adthat ringing "Silence!"is about all I vice. I remember the delicious meals

remember of that school. the best that could be had in those days After a while we moved out on a—ready to appease our healthy apfarm at Twin Creek, about a mile and petites when we got home.

a half from the fort, where we went to a school taught by Cam Billingsley Asa child, I greatly admired my selfthat is all I ever heard him called. Here ** reliant, orderly, resourceful Grand-

I remember the spelling class where we mother Pratt and tried to pattern after spelled "up"and went "down"to the her in every way. And, because I was

foot of the class, the one getting to the quick to learn, she singled me out and top the greatest number of times durnick-named me "NimbleToes."After

ing the week gaining the prize for being we moved from Mount Pleasant back the best speller. I still have the little to Pleasant Grove, I lived at her home

piece of paper decorated with fancy when, for years, she was the only midpenmanship saying: "Hulda Winters wife in the town. Pleasant Grove had OSCAR WINTERS, FATHER OF AUGUSTA, FROM

is the best speller in the school."This no doctors in those days. Many and AN OLD DAGUERREOTYPE

752 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Story of Augusta Winters Grant

ll5u If Ifjam (/rant /judd MEMBER, GENERAL BOARD, NATIONAL WOMEN'S RELIEF SOCIETY

playing in the boat as they waited. They only a few little "handfuls,"while Eliza

would let it out into the river as far as Driggs, the best worker in the lot, who it would go and then pull it back to had picked up the first head she came to shore by the rope. Once, when it struck and kept steadily on, had all she could

the bank, MaryAnn, the little girl carry. And there's a lesson!

destined to be my grandmother, was on We would bind up the wheat into the very back, running around on the "handfuls,"tying up the long stems, flat edge of the boat, and was knocked and then beat it out on the ground with off into the deep water. The children ran sticks and winnow it until the wind had

screaming for the workmen who were blown out all the chaff, and then it was quite a distance away. The child rose ready for market. I managed to earn

to the surface of the water three times, enough during all one summer to pay but when the men arrived she had sunk for a calico dress.

to the bottom of the river. They got Parenthetically, I might say how odd

her out, rolled her on the grass, and the it was that every girl in town bought a water came out of her ears and out of dress from the same piece. Plain green

her nose and out of her mouth. They it was one summer, another summer REBECCAMOTHERBURDICKOF AUGUSTAWINTERS,

took her into a house nearby and rolled blue, and our dresses were all made in her alike. blankets her to put felt and warm entirely would have out We to see if I could do things just wanted bed. Pretty soon she of the her opened fashion eyes obliged been had if we doing, that I saw others said, I feel like and just funny; "Oh, so to differently. be dressed

needles and pins all over me."Other country work I did was to "RTolassesmaking brings pleasant

I finish by telling the children how plant potatoes and corn. Of this latter * * memories to me. Father had a

little MaryAnn's mother felt when she work, my father said he could tell every molasses mill consisting of two rollers heard of her narrow escape and realized row I planted. We had an old gray with a "sweep,"to which a horse was

that she was safe home again. mare that walked pretty fast as Father attached. The horse walked around in ploughed the furrow, while we—Delia a circle, supplying the motive power,

Pratt "KTy Grandmother the an along was dropped expert and and of stalks sugar the long and I—followed cane—it * corn. craft in three, Father told us at the pioneer of to put weaving real not cane sugar and sorghum was

on the wooden loom, and I helped her four, or five kernels in each hill, but I were fed between two rollers and the at everything. And the number of things made up my mind that I would keep juice pressed cut and carried by a tin

she had! There were cards, spinning up with "Old Peg"; so I just dabbed in trough into a vat. Then this juice was

wheel, warping bars, "kniddyknoddy"my hand and took what came handy. poured into great boilers placed over

reel, the "swifts."quills, shuttle, lathe, Delia, being more conscientious than a furnace and boiled until it became the

harness, reed, treadles—I knew them I, always came out way behind, and I very nicest kind of sorghum syrup. The

all and could use them all, including the smiled to myself thinking how much season of molassesmaking came rather blue dyepot that produced a beautiful smarter I was. But when the corn comlate in the fall, and oh, those early

blue color. By tying a band tightly menced to grow, it was very easy for mornings when the white frost was on

around parts of the white yarn, a Father to tell which row was the result the canes and our fingers were nearly clouded effect could be produced that of speed and which of painstaking care. frozen while "stripping"them! But the

was very popular for stockings. Peach I learned to make soap, though not sunny afternoons made up for it, when

tree leaves, copperas, alum, and various quite in the primitive fashion in which we drove old "Pinto"or "fed"the cane, other things were used as dyes. One our first pioneers did. They took wood or played on the bagasse—that was the

winter every article of clothing we chilashes and put them into a barrel to pulp after it was squeezed perfectly dren had on, except shoes, was made of "leach"them, as they called it. When dry and pitched into huge piles, soft

wool, carded, spun, colored, and woven they put water on the ashes, the dripand white, that would nearly bury us, by my grandmother, and fashioned and pings formed strong lye, which, comas we jumped on them.

sewed by my mother's deft fingers. Our bined with fats, turned into a reliable, In the process of boiling there was a

dresses were very pretty plaid ones, and homemade, soft soap that answered for great amount of "skimmings"that rose we loved them. It was well that we did, all cleaning purposes. Although, in my to the top; the first of this was of no

for we had only the one suit throughday, the "concentrated lye"was preaccount and was thrown away, but out the winter, and were put to bed pared commercially, so that the process towards the last boiling it was very while it was washed, dried, and ironed. of soap making was not nearly so comgood, and we could have all we wanted

We used to glean in those days. It plicated, we still had an immense black to make into candy. Of course, we had

was rather enjoyable to find a cool spot kettle placed over an outdoor fireplace the real molasses, too, and in the eveby a stream under the willows and eat where we boiled and stirred the creamy nings we used to have candy pullings.

the bounteous lunch our mothers had mixture until it formed into hard soap. Once Father gave me and my young

prepared for us. But I was not very Besides soapmaking I learned to friend, who had been helping me, half

successful at the real work; I never card, spin, weave, dye, sew carpet rags, a gallon of molasses apiece to sell, and

could find a spot where the grain was paint, paper, wash, iron, knit, crochet, with the money earned we were to buy thick enough, and there was no Boaz do tatting and netting, and make candles, anything we 'wanted. After much

to order his reapers to leave it in the molasses, and adobes! Some of these puzzling we decided to go to an imway. So I spent most of my time lookthings I did from necessity and some migrant woman who had recently aring for "a good place"with the result just from curiosity. I can't say that I rived in town from England and who

that when it was time to go home, I had really became an expert in all of them; I (Continued on page 792)

DECEMBER, 1944 753 >//inainaa WIRES

d5u sram,e5 \-. Syrian*p

'ld Sol had apparently lostall his O,heating power. One thing he

could still do was make a person, without on the floor. On these he rolled the

out colored glasses, snowblind in a very log, picked up the ends from the floor, Author's Note short time. lifted them up and the log rolled onto

More dead than alive I stopped at a the bed of coals. Tf Porter Rockwell had been alive,

ranch house and read this sign: "Sit down,"said the old man motionhe could have identified this man

ing me to a chair and continued with, who made the wires sing. And from

STORE—POST OFFICE "Now, I always say this young and risthose who know Port, he'd have been

of sissies, bunch generation a was PUBLIC TELEPHONE ing have "got"his man!

work. the cold and of afraid Now, glad to do so—to LODGING—MEALS

I I seeing remember a boy when wuz STABLING the old Overland stages go through—

see Bridger. at You "Right down ringing so "Son"telephone to was off I The walked horse the and climbed '58, I only in was here when came Dad it. say, "That him heard large answered a hung store porch wherethe We t'other settled boy, small down and a I up, darned."right? hung I be Well, felt cold. Hethermometer. wonder No right passed by Bridger. side of Road that's said, to us "Lem, and over came thermothe butIt afternoon, early was

place."our line's neighbor. been down our Says thirty degrees below registeredmeter the Exthere Pony when you "Were the are boss chances days, three for and I enstore the and doorzero. opened through?"press went till it this fix cold can't to get one up no behindtered. was middleaged man A the days them Say, was. wuz "Sure spell breaks."said, he Seeing counter.the me kids. not and Would men when men wuz I for can stranger. I do saying, like everyone"Howd-y a What "Just was say, riders comin'and see of one them

I little cold.you? afraid of when a was Now, streak of somecomes,'and a he 'Here that everything you like "I'd about stage the through and a go would boy say, would and thing you would go by bed, tied some his ears up. yourhave never on driver the even sign—meals, to riders goes.'had 'There he Them to horse, for do some the offeed and have nowabunch a Such men we of suit light, beaver so dress a wore

phoning."days."this inside, fur a over skins, and had

all that, providing?"supply "Can to suit. never seemed buckskin They

I asked. "Providing what?"sat he down, the cold. Overland the came Then mind D,'isgusted ain't of them one "Providing you fire, '61 the got up spat walked and on a along and about Telegraph, what

collectors."'Infernal'Revenue himself. room, to the mumbling around kept as had. celebration men Them we

I not working assure "I can you am I sat again ventured: he down, for line time, the sure tough a had up When

for the government."the of "You spoke but and wires down; Overland Stages. Injuns were bad

"Then see them?"(Concluded did you on page 794) what you doing out here this Where

kind of weather?"

"A banking institution in Salt Lake has loaned considerable money to livestock men, and I am here checking on

ALIVE DEAD MORE loans."THAN those ofsome

I STOPPED AT A RANCH sized me He THIS up and then said, "Got HOUSE READ AND... SIGN careful."to mighty be

JL he horse tended and dinner over, we went to a large front room where there was a telephone hanging on the wall. He took the receiver down

and listened, for this was a party line.

Then he hung it up and rang central.

"Phone's a-ringing, son,'called an old man who had been sitting in a large chair, unnoticed.

"Sure is. I'm a-ringin'it,"answered

the middleaged man.

The old man got up from his chair and said, "Must a been takin'a nap.

Now, why in thunder don't Lyman answer, when you ring. Suppose central

is asleep? Possibly line's out."

"Might be. I'll try again."

He did, with no better results. Then

it was I noticed a large fireplace in one end of the room. The storekeeper went

to a pile of logs along side of the hearth and selected one about five feet long and possibly eighteen inches in diameter which he rolled in front of the fireplace.

He took two long pieces of round iron, placed one end in the fire and the other 754 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ewvce an

of WORLD

II WAR

The L.D.S. Coordinator's Office

London, 1944 Dear Brother:

Now that the conflict is nearly over, and you, too, can look back upon the experiences of a war, let us J.HJE. Jr.

not if there see notes were andcompare of our freedom are due to disus security to things which were commonmany cipline, personal and aggregate? sepadecades thanalthough more two

service. Retrospectrate the times of our

vision, or /Voing back a little farther in this memclear the toseems, somehow,perhaps events when sifted through the ory test, do you remember before memory are classified and labelled, and you went into military service how you aldiscipline grips to with had come their in of importhe orderarranged it over, that was us upon it, dawned we or recognize though not did you saluta- I retain the you'll thinktance.

still discipline, subject were to which the of word, the understand meaning the throughout usedtion have which we less inblatant though even more was at there those who, were when home comrade, a meetyears. you Whenever sistent; still less punctilious, though was their their authority, of because and 'Bill?"I you, are of think, instead How inexorable? rethough That were we refor love directed, guided, you, "Hi, or morning,""Hello,"oror "Good leased the from sublonger and army no recall strained Perhaps you? can you said, will say, as havethere,"we you ject to not, military law, and had we this for events supervision, when, but years, rememthe youthroughout "Do not, could necessity the escape to from loss.?'"injury or suffered have you would...ber.

maturity, obey? the fact that Our we thrill hearing of the remember you so, toDo not serve did although And we veterans were placed us upon a new fully officers are say, you I "Now reyour say,gether, to you do presume may responsibility. ourfound Suddenly we counto trained defend your and ready first felt you youmember when how selves controls, flying handling solo the in try"? the meantime, you how, And unicivilian for clothes yourchanged a all its with danger. to ecstasy—and automatically, almost come, had the for strippedform, you down when

medical examination and heard the obey commands, restrain impulses, and "Do you remember how so many of sergeant barking an order at you? Did act in harmony with established proour comrades found it very difficult to

you resent his attitude of "master"and cedure? How you pitied the occasional control and direct the pentup energies

rebel against the implication that you misguided one who tried to "get by"by which had pyramided behind the milihad become a servant? And did it take taking the circuitous route by disregardtary wall like waters backed up behind

you quite some time to adjust yourself ing the rules, and being a law unto him- a dam? How there was a flood of lawto military discipline? Do you remember self? How, when on parade, he was lessness and maladjustment with accomhow difficult it was to curb your will led onto the hollow square to hear the panying sorrow and distress? And how

and say, "Yes, sir!"when there were reading of the verdict of the courtothers had the good sense to take firm

many other words which would have martial, and how you pitied him as he hold on the controls and make a sucmore accurately expressed your feeldrank the bitter cup of folly? cessful and happy landing?

ings? But now I must talk with one of my "Do you remember how anxious the

Do you remember how the word comrades of the other war, about some civil authorities and all the folk at home "obey"stood out as an indication of of the things which for us are also past, were to cooperate with us, how grateful approaching servility, and how later but which for you are experiences which they were for what we'd done, and how you came to realize that it was the magic are just over the hill. "Old Comrade, ready they were to grasp our hands in

word which made military laws innocudo you remember how we felt, when we friendship and united effort?

ous, and smoothed your way throughout first came home, when we laid off the "How gradually we came to realize your service. How the word "disciuniform and took up civilian work, and that the law of cause and effect was

pline"seemed to connote punishment tried to find our place in the community? still in operation, and that we would

and force, and how you questioned your How strange it seemed to suddenly be reap as and what we had sown. That

drillmaster's definition of discipline, released from constant supervision, to our military service, no matter how viz: systematic training, exercise, debe free to do as we pleased, to go and glorious, was not the summum bonum

velopment, and control of the mental, come without hindrance, to go to bed of all effort, that our service was but moral and physical faculties, obedience and get up, or stay in bed 'as the spirit part of the work we gladly undertook to command, selfcontrol, orderly bemoved,'to tell all and sundry to go to in our determination to pass on to those havior? How you came to realize that blazes, and to keep our right hand in who were to come after us a better

it was discipline which made the differour pocket no matter whom we met? world than we had known. That from

ence between an army and a mob, and "Do you remember how, when the our homecoming to the end of life we that the success of our forces and the first thrill of our newlyfound freedom ( Concluded on page 795

DECEMBER, 1944 755 MINDS ARE CONQUERED

\JnllA Dlj

light, however, written during this period of silence, and the recovery of others long lost "have made it perfectly plain that this period was one of eager intellectual inquisitiveness and splendid theological and ethical development."

Some of the ancient literature deals wholly with Jewish history, while other works like Ecclesiasticus, and the Book of Wisdom have been known from ancient versions. Ecclesiasticus was

brought into prominence a few years ago by the discovery of the Hebrew text, which had been lost for eight centuries. This book is invaluable for the

information it contains concerning the wealthy and cultured people called the

Sadducees during the hundred years before the birth of Christ.

The Book of Enoch Ane of the most valuable books - brought to light—a book written to

explain the religious development of—Photograph, Underwood e> Underwood The holy scroll of the Samaritans, with the Judaism from 200 B.C. to 100 A.D.—is

silver silver case closed. contains case The In on the that as Book of Enoch. known

inlay of silver, depicting copper of symbols and rethis was Jesus, of book the days furniture the temple restored the to by be Meshill shall into the of the ascend Lord? Who is siah. It of in chart the Tabernacle the the work. inspired as an holy garded men by

shall inor his stand holy place? who silver Wilderness. in green wrapped case The in connections verbal close are There silk chair. supported brocaded a special and uponis that hath clean hands, pure He a and

heart; who hath not lifted up his soul unto the book with the New Testament as

vanity, nor sworn deceitfully. (Psalms 24: the Messiah is referred to as "Christ,"

3.4.) coveries that have been made at the "The Righteous One,"and the "Elect

end of the last century and the beginOne."It was widely read and stands

Theworld'soutstandinghistory haveeventshad theirof setthe ningviewsofofthis.bygoneTheynations.have changedThey haveour Newout prominentlyTestament. inTheits bookinfluencewas onlosttheto

ting in spiritual and cultural backadded to our knowledge of scripture, the world for centuries with the excepgrounds. The children of Israel at and the history of Israel is now seen in tion of a few fragments, until 1773,

Sinai, the conquest of the world by a far different light. Throughout the when a traveler in Abyssinia found an

Alexander the Great, the discovery of lands of Assyria and Babylonia and Ethiopian version of Enoch embodied

America, the formation of the governEgypt, archeological societies of both in an Abyssinian Bible. In 1890 the

ment of the United States are examples Europe and America have brought to Greek original of a part of the book was of this statement. So it was when Jesus light ancient cities with their temples discovered. In the Ethiopian version,

of Nazareth ushered in a new period of and places and libraries of thousands of the book contains a series of revelations the world's development. Greek culture clay tablets written in the cuneiform supposed to have been given to Enoch

and the Greek language were everyscript. Thousands of papyrus rolls writand Noah, "which extends to the most

where known. The evangelists who ten in Greek have been found in Egypt varied aspects of nature and life and

gave us the New Testament wrote their written before and in the first centuries are designed to offer a comprehensive manuscripts in Greek, and the Jews reof the Christian era all of which form vindication of the action of Proviestablished in Jerusalem their temple an archeological and historical treasury dence."The book was never included

and temple worship, and preserved the from which we shall derive a more corin the canonical scriptures. Who the

precious heritage of their faith which rect view of the Old and New Testaauthor was, nobody knows, but a dehas been and is for all time the hope of ments. Another country has given us scription of the "Son of Man"sounds

mankind. What Israel did in the field important finds. Asia Minor is a field of strangely familiar to the New Testament

of religion is far more epoch making excavation discoveries rivaling that of student.

for anor as and Mesopotamia; Egypt in effective than didand what Rome

I days a head of had one there who saw And civilization cient has her been Greece, in that the or ofgovernment, Greeks like wool. white his head was And live again preservation to by the made art science.art or science and Greek being whose another with was him And literatemples, philosophy of her and only of a the interest chosenaroused of a the appearance had countenance

few. The religion of Israel on the other ture, which to this day have an imperman.

hand embraced all kinds of peoples of ishable influence on civilized man. And his face was full of graciousness like

the earth, and among peoples today, It was formerly believed that the one of the holy angels.

religion far uniwriting the of the of period is a subject between more book me: said unto and answered he And

lastversal interest or science or the of than art the any of Malachi, book Old righteoushath is the who Son of This Man political institution whatsoever. Testament, and the advent of John the ness,

Great changes have come during the Baptist was "voiceless"as far as With whom dwelleth righteousness.

past few years in the study of ancient prophetic religion was concerned. A And who revealeth all the treasures of that

literatures due to the arrheological disflood of Jewish books have come to which is hidden:

756 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

But love the Lord and your neighbor,

Have compassion on the poor and weak.

By PRESIDENT LEVI EDGAR YOUNG * * *

Love the Lord through all your life....

of the rirst Louncli of Ike Seventy And one another with a true heart.

Hatred, therefore, is evil, for it constantly mateth with lying, speaking against the truth; and it maketh small things to be great,

and causeth the light to be darkness, and calleth the sweet bitter, and teacheth slander ove and kindleth wrath, and stirreth up war and violence and all covetousness: it filleth the

Because the Lord of Spirits hath chosen him, work is of supreme importance because hearts with evil and* *devilish* poison.

lot hath the whose And preeminence before Its author teachings. ethical of its high ye one the heart; Love from another and Spirits of Lord The in uprighteousness of for the coming forlooked speedy the if sin a thee against speak man peaceably ever. in resurrecthe believed and Messiah in to soul hold guile; thy him and not and

On that day mine Elect One shall sit on the tion of the body and "a new transif he repent and confess, forgive him....

throne of glory, formed life after death."The book was If a man prospers more than you do not be

And shall try their works, used freely in the first century of our vexed, but pray also for him that he may

And their places of rest shall be innumerable. era, but it shortly afterward disaphave perfect prosperity.

the thiragain in to be found at the that hour And Son was named peared of Man close teenth century. "So strikingly In the the of presence of Spirits, and IfBothyoumenworkandthatangelswhichshallis good,blessmyyou;children, Lord

And his name before the head of days. frequent are the parallels between this And God shall be glorified among the

book and Jesus'words that it is difficult Gentiles through you,

And he sat on the throne of his glory, not to believe that he knew it at first And the devil shall flee from you, the of judgment the And sum given unto was the wild shall beasts fear of And you, well to quote some be hand. It may

of Son Man,... the shall love Lord And you. of the taken from utterances some the

the he sinners caused to And pass away the of book: "testaments"is the Blessed off the from does face of not defile the the earth, man who

And those who have led the world astray. Holy Spirit of God, which hath been put

(I Enoch 45, 46, 48, 69.) Then shall the Lord raise up a new priest, and breathed into him, and blessed is he who

And to him all the words of the Lord shall returneth it to his Creator as pure as it was

The Book of Wisdom be revealed; on the day he entrusted it to him.

HPhe Book of Wisdom, written about And uponhe shallthe executeearth fora a righteousmultitude judgmentof days, Hebrew poetry is always character50 B.C., glorifies the Jewish people, And his star shall arise in heaven as of a ized by a deep concept of what life

... the discussion and of king. the future world It means. belongs to the class which we

. all earth. the in shall there peace be in to appeal this makes an us day. call lyric all or song has and the charshall the Gentiles his priesthood in be.. It AndAnd in composed was writer Greek by some acteristics of great literature. The earth, in the multiplied knowledge upon in the lived city of old Alexandria. who writings apocryphal at the time of the the the of grace through enlightened And the future the writer says: world Of birth of the are Savior the among Lord:

literary masterpieces of the world. They sin shall to end. an priesthood In his come not death; made God

all have for a theme the to to "Obedience the saints shall give to eat from.. he Neither delighteth he when the living perish: And

For he created all things that they might the tree of life, laws of God"as written by the ancient have being: And the Spirit of holiness shall be on them. prophets. When we read such writings,

And the products of the world are healthAnd Beliar shall be bound by him, we recall the words of Aristotle, "Evgive to his children to power he shall And some, erything ideal real a has basis, and evil spirits. the tread upon And there is no poison of destruction in ideal everything ideal fulfilment."has an

them: royal Nor dominion hath Hades upon the I children, now, my And earth;

not drunk you, be unto say righteousness For is immortal.

for turneth wine; wine with * * *

the mind away from the truth, The souls of the righteous are in the hand and inspires the passion of of God, lust, and leadeth the eyes into

And no torment shall touch them. error, [and], it disturbeth the - -.

In the eyes of fools they seem to die; mind with filthy thoughts...

And their departure was accounted to be but if you would live soberly, their hurt, do not touch wine at all, lest

And their going from us to be their ruin: you sin in words of outrage

But they are in peace. and in fighting and in slandFor though in the sight of men they be ers and transgressions of the

punished. of God, and commandments

Their perish before time. your hope is full of immortality; you

having a little borneAnd chastening they after things shall these And shall great receive good. rise to a star you from Jacob

Because God tested them and found them in peace.

worthy of himself. And a man shall arise like

Testaments of the Twelve walkinothe Son withof theRighteousness,sons of men

Patriarchs in meekness and in righteousHPhis book was originally written in ness, and no sin shall be in found the him and heavens a learned Hebrew by and religious shall be open him, unto

Pharisee, B.C. 1 00 original The known shall he and pour out. the..

nucleus of the book in an Armenian spirit of peace upon you.

translation was found in the city of

Cairo in 1896. It purports to set forth

the autobiographies and dying comGOSPELS MANUSCRIPT, mands or testaments of the twelve sons JOHN 1:1-15

of Jacob. "There is in the book an amazing breadth and universality,"says Hen- 'Photograph,Underwood & Underwood

ry Kendall Booth, "for it even proclaims the redemption of the Gentiles."The.....:.::.::::....

DECEMBER, 1944 757

THE

reaieru STATESMANSHIP

Dm f-aneu M. Lkn6ten6en, PH.D.

HEAD OF ENGLISH DEPARTMENT, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

of the mind and heart. The two great

demands of the kingdom were love of

God as Father, and love of fellow men as brothers. Love of God and fellow

men was not an arbitrary prescription.

Rather it was an assertion of Jesus'conviction that in the universal scheme of things the personality of God and the personality of man are of first importance. It was merely a call to men to

give themselves in love and loyalty to the supreme values in the universe.

Tf Jesus could help men to find in their world a God who is indeed an allStudents tell us that Palestine in the cumscribed in his earthly mission by the wise and loving Father, if he could help days of Jesus was a fertile field for work of atonement. He failed to emthem to discover in one another comthe social reformer. In the Roman ploy them because he knew ways that mon qualities and latent powers of inempire, of which Palestine was a part, would in the long run prove infinitely finite worth, then he could do more

there were millions of slaves. Indeed, better. In the first place, he saw that than statesmen with social programs

the human chattel was a basic element he must meet men as they are. To adopt had ever done, or ever could do, bein the economic structure. Women, in the attitude of militant reformer was to cause then all the social inequalities,

all classes of society, were little better invite failure, if not disaster. He knew the injustices, and brutalities among

than serfs. Children fared badly. Unthat the way of the reformer is hard men would tend to disappear. Man's

promising ones, particularly girls, were even when there is a public consciousinhumanity to man cannot exist where frequently exposed to perish. Among ness of wrongs to be righted, and that, men really love and respect one another.

the wealthy and official classes, intemwhen no such awareness exists, reform In a society conscious of God as a Faperance was a common evil. Everyis almost impossible. He knew what ther to be loved and worshiped, and of

where there was exploitation of the ordinary reformers often fail to recogfellow men as brothers to be loved and poor and underprivileged. Everywhere nize, that laws and reforms to endure respected, slavery, sex discrimination,

there was ignorance of the nature and must find a deepseated sanction in the cruelty to children, perversions of juscause of sin and crime, with corresminds and consciences of men. There tice, intemperance, exploitation of the

ponding miscarriage of justice. Palwas little evidence in Jesus'day of any underprivileged, and war with all its atestine, Jesus'native land, was in sublively sense of social ills crying for tending evils would naturally disappear.

jection to an empire that had grown remedy. Not perhaps without leadership, but in

and flourished by ruthless warfare But what is much more important, such a society the necessary leadership against weak or backward nations. Jesus could see clearly that all social ills would always be at hand. Leaders

But Jesus was not a social reformer are organically related, that they cannot schooled in the principles and ideals of in any ordinary sense of the term. In be separated or isolated and cured one the kingdom of God would inevitably

everything he said and did there was a at a time by specific remedies. An inapply those ideals and principles to the

deep, almost passionate, concern for the dividual ill in human society is but an solution of the problems of the kingwelfare of mankind. His days and nights aspect of a universal disorder. Jesus'doms of men. Jesus'task, therefore, was

were given to the amelioration of hupurpose was to find a universal remedy, to provide the mental and spiritual soil man distress, both of the body and of one that would strike at the taproot of and climate congenial to the germinathe spirit. And certainly the primacy all evil. He found the taproot of all tion and growth of the leadership that

of the mission of atonement did not social ills in the workings of the human the world needs. Jesus was not to be a

preclude his participating in the soluspirit. His prescription was therefore statesman with a specific for every sotion of social problems. The divine love for the mind and heart. cial ill, but he was to be a teacher of the

that accepted an atoning death that men He accordingly attempted to estabsocial mind and heart. There he was to

might live knew no limitations in time lish the kingdom of God, not at first as plant the soul qualities of which great or place. It reached out eagerly to men a substitute for the secular state, but leadership is born. Such appear to nave

and women in all their human relationas a complement to it, a complement to been the underlying reasons, the raships. exist, not in the trappings of external tionale, of his program among men.

Jesus failed to employ the usual ways authority, but rather in the promptings It seems to me that in his ministry of the social reformer, not because he of the inner life. Men must be born Jesus justified his method and realized

was unmoved by widespread injustice again. They must cease to live by bread his purpose. He did his part in the reand distress, or because he was ciralone, and begin to live by the things ( Continued on page 795

758 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MEASURE OF A MAN

5u [A/llliam C-. (JjSerrett

EDITOR, THE DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION

INSTRUCTOR, LD.S. MISSIONARY HOME

PRINCIPAL, WEST SEMINARY TEACHER, LD.S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

I were asked: "Which of all great relationship to Godv

If Americans will probably be longest their experience is remembered and most widely known sufficient to enable throughout the world?"I would answer them to contemplate

unhesitatingly, "Joseph Smith, the the effects of a

Prophet."prophet on the genBorn on the twentythird day of Deerations which have

cember, in the year of our Lord 1805, followed him, and in the birthday of the Prophet falls nearly the light of those efon the day on which the world comfects to evaluate the memorates the birth of the Master. man more clearly.

Though born an American, the The judgment of soProphet s program exceeded national ciety in general is boundaries. He is perhaps the only only sound when it

American whose followers are found in is made at long STATUS OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH ON every land and whose birthday has range, for a prophet is finally honored TEMPLE SQUARE, SALT LAKE CITY significance to men and women in all or forgotten in accordance with the—Photograph by Jeano Orlando

the world. In both camps of the present permanent or temporary effect of his

conflict, in the life will teachings. and pause world men message applicable forever the to

It his bless to has tasks of sordid name century war been a since that needs as it brings to man of man—onlyis tragic in contendchildren of while judgment and mothers Joseph Smith by a the to answers arise that those problems

his consolation part lands ing of generation. comfort seek and the Already unperpetually in land, every people among

erring uttered. of life the he from words hand is beginning ofTime to write race, in of every age. every and Such

its standards appraisal which by the by those Judged in own of man, and in literature books the world's can be reading of stature that the writing measures a man Time that observe we fingers counted one's the of upon two effects the Prophet, the Smith, the life of teachings Joseph Mormon and of hands. that Strange three of these

takes his place among the immortals. Joseph Smith have grown and spread volumes are associated with the name It is a century since Joseph Smith with the years—have reached into all Joseph Smith.

parts civilized of the world, and show Illinois in of an at died the hands a mob In 1830, the of when Book Mormon signs abating. of no jail. friends, his loved Devotedly by appeared, five than fewer hundred appraise would He who Smith Joseph unhis bitterly enemies, hated and by sold. copies were the of Enemies into take must account facnumerous exist, then not did observers prejudiced its oblivion. Prophet predicted early But tors. clearly foresee whether could and few their prejudice their blinded judgment.

kindly or harshly time should deal later, years hundred the book was with His Writings One of the close a century his memory. At selling at the copies rate of a 50,000

some honest appraisal of the man can be Joseph Smith left to mankind writings year, the numbers increasing with rapidgiven. now found in three books of scripity and with amazing regularity. It had

It is almost proverbial that the way ture, in addition to many other volumes entered into the list of those unique of the prophet is hard. This is the story containing writings of historical and books in which all ages find interest.

of prophets as proclaimed in the Bible, theological interest. Less than half a dozen books pubOne by one both they and their mesThose who look upon the Book of lished in America a century ago are besages were rejected by their contemMormon, the Doctrine and Covenants, ing republished at all today, and none,

poraries, while they were branded as and the Pearl of Great Price as containexcept the Holy Bible, shows an infanatics and ridiculed in the market ing the word of God, complementary to crease in popular demand. Some critics

death violent ofplaces. them met Most in that contained the Holy Bible now of the Book may deride Mormon—none those of they wouldat the hands million. have number nearly a influence. stay its to have It has power

helped. And yet, the contemporaries of While most books soon lose their become a potent force which is destinedthe prophets were wrong—their experipopularity, these have not only surto keep the name of Joseph, the Prophet,

ences entirely too limited for sound apvived the years, but for them there is a forever before the world.

praisal. In each instance it has remained constant demand. To have produced The book touches the wellsprings of

tofor later generations pass final judgone living book is to have it needs. achieved human nave Men reading

generations, while later forment; like greatness. Smith Joseph is responsible fathers, of their the religion abandoned

the first, may be too limited in experifor three. A living book is not an ordigiven up homes, changed occupations,

ence to understand the prophet and his nary book. A book can live only if its {Continued on page 796)

DECEMBER, 1944 759

under your position?

—Illustrated by Nelson White

>ij ///an/In ( /. A/jldon raisedson, yourhis company,hand and I asked,suppose,"Mr.wouldn'tJohnMr.withChurchyour Officer,job or dodoyouyou growswell

with it? Do you consider your OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC make a plow of that design, the blade

job as a position or an opportunity? No being about two inches, would it?"Of

matter what your devotions or ambicourse, the salesman was as inquisitive tions may be. probably no greater opfunctioning the most modern way? Are as he was interested in the question.

portunity could come your way, under you content to do things as those things "My dear friend,"asked he. "to what

which to grow than in the office that is were done fifty years ago or do you use would you want to put a blade only yours. Yes. there are blessings that come know the, short cuts? Are you alert, two inches wide?"Then came the anwith your responsibility, but if you are searching for new ideas and new methswer, "Mr. Johnson, we have just a lot

to have those blessings, you've got to ods? "The Lord feeds the birds, but he of old mossbacks over in our section

go out and get them. We are not fordoesn't take the worms to their nests."and if we had a twoinch blade of this

getting virtues you must have. We are Lorimer, who wrote the book, Letters kind to run up and down their backs, it

not forgetting charity and all that this o/ a Selfmade Merchant to His Son, would be a wonderful thing for the comword means; we are not forgetting says, "You can still kill ducks with a munity."Are we mossbacks? Are we

prayer. If you are not prayerful, you muzzleloader, but if you want to take alive?

will go flat in your responsibilities. But, as many ducks home as the other felwe repeat, you must grow in your posilow, you've got to carry a hammerless."Tf there ever was a time of adjustment

tion. Some people swell in a position Since he wrote those words, even the A it is now. If you can't conform yourinstead. hammerless is oldfashioned. Now self to new changes, you are going to

Someone has said, "Thou shalt not you've got to carry an automatic. "As find yourself "out on a limb."Those

take thyself too seriously."Let's take with the priest, so with the people."who have eyes and see not, and those

our job seriously, but not ourselves. That saying is almost as old as the hills, with ears who hear not are in for trouble.

Robert Burns said, "O wad some Power but it is true. Are you a light to the peoThere are those who pretend to play the

the giftie gie us to see oursels as ithers ple of your organization, or are they roll of leadership, who are uncomfortsee us. It wad frae monie a blunder behind the times because of your lack able in confronting new ideas and new

free us."Someone else having in mind of vision? methods. You can bet your life, ahead

a selfcentered individual's conception Sometime ago at a farm convention, of us it is going to be the survival of the of himself has aptly changed the above an implement salesman was explaining fittest. He who cannot adjust himself

wording to read: "Oh, wad some pow- a new twelveinch plow, said plow to is going to be left behind.

er to1 others gie, To see myself as I see be used in the spring to scrape the acThey tell a story of a fellow with me. cumulated moss from the irrigation others who was running a race, the race

To your people, are you a progresditches. The sales talk went over very to end after the runners had gone

sive, onyour-toes servant, or do they well, and the farmers were very much around the track several times. They

see you smug in the glories of your auinterested. In the salesman's invitation had been going around a few times and

thority? Mr. Officer, are you learning for questions, one wideawake young the finishing lap was getting close.

more about your job every day and farmer from a "Sleepy Hollow"village (Concluded on page 794) 760 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 5L SWEETEST SOUND

v Jrue o/ora ot pioneer oiife a5 told pu

RACHAEL M. JENSEN

to LaRENE KING BLEECKER

-L HE evening before Christmas 1855. TMartha Middleton stood before the fireplace in her oneroom cabin,

stirring meal into an iron kettle. The

day had seemed endlessly long with

Charles away with the herd in West

Weber.

She shivered as she thought of the dangers surrounding her husband—the

intense cold of a wintry blizzard raging '-Illustrated by John Henry Evans. Jr.

outside which would send the hungry AFOREHEADFROWN OFANDANXIETYHER CREASEDPRETTY LIPSHER wolves in droves to attack the starving DREW TIGHTLY TOGETHER. IT WAS

LIKE THIS THAT MEN ON NIGHTS cattle. to stay the diminwith had Men PERISHED.

ishing night. herd and day There was by Charles'buckskin trousers as Lc

nothing to feed the cattle except the walked along, for he had to wade drifts through of often and snow trees occasionallybark of young and crossed the River on of falling on the front of her flannel gown. chunks Weberthe meat, campfires over cooked obgot Charles? wolves he Had the floating ice. times slipped Was he Manytained stock. carcasses from the of dead

trail? frozen along the somewhere ice his lying from the into the water, and herd of thirteenTheir own cows had

stiff trouserlegs frozen be would and five. to reducedbeen oh, please "Dear

as rock. hard a care take God—please,of Charles, keep him under pretty, with young and was Martha

I is It care. protecting that not Thy of anxiety creased forefrown her A skin, hairpink eyes, grayblue as and

I alone. spending Christmas mind want lips her tightly pretty head and drew silk. fine as lovedgolden corn and She

thing, Father, that dear only one Thou together. sleet hurled against wind The all ride, the withto and dance and

wilt safe keep him danfrom and harm the that canvas as served a door and child,fervor she Christmas. loved a of

ger. Amen."swirls in of sifted like dry dust snow stirred the she wondered, asShe now

It floor. dirt the like nights on on was ifmeal, Charles home. would be Feeling reassuddenly and warm that these perished. of thought men She into sured, crept she her bed, bebaby cradle her she toe the gave Willis the a Art and Selby With boy. Only her, asleep, side and soon sound was firstswing. last Charles'Christmas, Baby of not think week must they—she firelight shining gentle, the her on small. thought, little things.she so him and took set She such store by Men

... face. serene

it thea coat wallpeg spread their sentiment from and in livestock when was over the sleeping child. She had never peril and if Charles stayed away on

known such bitter weather! Frost Christmas eve it was only because he

formed a coating on the chinks between was compelled to do so. Owish, swish, swish!

the logs and glistened in the firelight. She awoke to the familiar sound and

She to the a last stir gave steaming she soon her man, tall, sinewy and saw in placing and, The table, made of the stump of a meal, portion a small his brown, clothes the steaming before withcottonwood a lid her goods dry box to eat. teeth own Her cup, sat down fire, his quizzical smile turned toward

tin setfor plates, with cups, chattering, like a top, was her feet were wooden her.

spoons, and Martha's precious blue slabs. She would take baby Charles

pottery bowl in the center, filled with and get into bed. "Merry Christmas, Martha,"he said,

milk. A coating of ice topped the milk. "I don't know of a prettier sight than

tick in the straw corner com- A large smiled, ran she as little spoon aMartha there. 'un lying you and the man A prised Shivering bed. the with appreof the stirred thearound edges and fight bowl 'ud surely get blizzards to home

chill hension the well as the as with of crystals,the forming plopping spoonthis."a stiff, to his the held of palms He

at she tugged the and pulledful into her mouth. room, tick calloused hands toward the blaze.

fire,'until she it closer got to the then "Ice cream for Christmas,"she spread it with blankets and even piled Martha smiled.

thought, "Charles won't know what on the tanned hides of small animals he's missing."that Charles had brought home from "There's mush in the iron kettle,"she

his trapping excursions at various times. murmured sleepily, "and milk in the blue

bowl.... You know, Charles,"she con-

U.Inconsciously, she was Then she dropped to her knees by tinued after a moment, "I think the

listening for a certain sound: "Swish, the bed and said her prayer, the tears sweetest sound on earth is the swish,

swish, swish!"It was the sound made stealing from under her long lashes and swish, swish of your frozen breeches."

DECEMBER, 1944 761 feS".-.-*:??:-..

'''jV!

JJTeard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio network through

By RICHARD L EVANS KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System every Sunday at 12:00 noon

Eastern War Time, 11:00 a.m. Central War Time, 10:00 a.m. Mountain

War Time, and 9:00 a.m. Pacific War Time.

rretiAcle and j-odtiade to lA/cat Jome lnncipies of fublLc cJLeaderdkf "pOR quite some time now, the war has been, and still is, "M"o matter when men live, and no matter what kind of our greatest immediate worry. The world is waiting society they live in, they always find themselves with

prayerfully, solemnly, hopefully, for any news which will some kind of leadership in matters pertaining to the common indicate the end in sight. Indeed, so absorbed have we welfare. In some types of society a leader is a leader as

become with this one great emergency, that it has overlong as he chooses to be, or until some undeniable circumshadowed all else—to the point where we have more or less stance displaces him. In other types of society a leader is

forgotten what were our worries before the war began. a leader only so long as the majority of the people he serves,

War takes so much of our attention and effort that there is desire him to be, in accordance with established laws and seemingly little time to prepare for peace, but to prepare procedures. Some ardently seek offices of public leaderfor peace is a grave and urgent obligation, because war is ship; some are sincerely reluctant to do so, but are sought

merely a symptom of a disease, the germs of which are by the office. Some leaders are born, some appointed, some

already at work in times of peace. Long before the actual selfimposed, and some elected. But regardless of differences

outbreak of war, men are at war in their hearts. Our courts in leaders, and regardless of differences in the manner of

of law are filled with the evidence of private wars—of their choosing, of this we may be sure: there will always

quarrels, hatreds, misunderstandings, lying, deception, be leaders, as there always have been; and men, whoever

covetousness, and infidelity—and war among nations is they are and wherever they may be, will always follow

merely the organized evidence of what has been in the hearts the leadership of someone. Now since we are a nation that

and minds of men long before its actual outbreak—and the has the privilege and the responsibility of choosing its puborder to cease firing does not heal the souls of men, nor rid lic leadership, rather than having it thrust upon us, and

the world of its sorrows, nor quiet the hatreds and vows since we are again nearing that time when thousands of for vengeance, nor destroy the greed for power. And if public servants and public officers will be selected, perhaps

perchance we have been guilty, any of us, of oversimplifyit would be in order to suggest to ourselves what we might ing the problem, we should ask ourselves, in all frankness, look for in those who seek office. In the selection of a public

what was the nature of our difficulties before war began? servant, there are at least two important considerations,

And then comes the next logical question: What have we among many others, of which we should ever be mindful:

done or what are we doing to justify the conclusion that One is the personal life and integrity of the individual those same conditions, or others equally aggravating, will his record as a man. And the other is the public principles

not rise to plague us when war ceases? Suppose we ask and policies to which he is committed. Both are important,

ourselves honestly what we have done to remove the basic because no matter what the avowed public principles of a causes of those troubles? What have we done, honestly, candidate for office, if he hasn't been able to order his private

to clean our own house? And so, much as we yearn for life with wisdom and restraint, one may well ask how he

peace, much as we shall rejoice when it comes, if peace can order public affairs wisely and safely. It is written:

should come without some changes in us and in others, it "Wherefore, honest men and wise men should be sought will inevitably fall short of our hopes and expectations. for diligently, and good men and wise men ye should observe

War is electrifying and absorbing. Despite its sordidness to uphold.... When the wicked rule, the people mourn."

and sacrifice, its terror and its sorrow, in the preparation for (Doctrine and Covenants 98:10 and 9.) In public affairs

war and in the waging of it, there is always an element of as in private life, safety lies first in good men, and more the dramatic and the spectacular which seems to fire the especially in good men publicly committed to sound prinimaginations of men and stir them to heroic activity. But if ciples. Of these things a free people may well be mindful,

men would have the peace they cherish, they must prepare as they face the privilege and obligation of choosing their for peace and pursue it as earnestly and heroically as they public leadership from among the thousands who aspire now wage war.—October 1, 1944. to office.—October 22, 1944.

762 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA...m

ilP

tetuj Ucpcld

P?

To a greater or lesser extent this is a common characout to pry we like Somehow teristic of humankind. dw/ & \AJkere Lyou. J-ind Jrt try the and the mysteries and search out the secrets

qualities, useful all other like quality, untried. us This plague arises to frequently expediency of question '"Fhe

in Sometimes excesses. its *- abuses and to is subject also of pressure not, under or whether to as question—the overlook obvious, the lies we beyond for what looking ends, desirable we seemingly accomplish to circumstances,

mysteries, the for search in our is Sometimes obvious. what not do ordinarily, do which, we things resort to should looking in truth. Sometimes simple plain and the ignore in we is condoned evil to be not or whether to as question the exrealities. For present forget answers, elusive for we circumunder some places, and some and people, some the for looking forever are those are there who ample, written much has been others. There under not stances, and of factors the that hoping mysteries, always economic with devices evil employing for justification in spoken and particular their for suspended can somehow soundness is evil is you where that fact the motives. But allegedly good mysthe for peculiar and convenience is it bepurposes—searching even hazardous with alliance it, an making find and

live beyond to us permit will that procedure teries of a evil If comes purpose. serve good it to seem would when those are who There still remain and means our places is in it evil. If still found is it credentials, high with loopfor legal for looking forever are it If evil. still is solvent.mysteries—searching it reproach, ordinarily above that are

the laws ignoring of find a to way somehow world, nation, whole a or whole holes—hoping or a man, affects only one

consequences. the avoiding of and of and God both man is fundamillions lie deceives that still evil. is it A public unrevealed the upon so think too, much those, are who There one untruth man from personal different a from mentally no that they of heaven mysteries unknowable present and at farreaching. its results An are more that except another, to

official proclamation based on falsehood in any man's counneglect the opportunities and responsibilities of earth. Now

sucto look beyond—but reason it is quite within story whisfalse from a fundamentally is try, no different

facts; ignore doesn't searching cessful fact of to wantfacts—it misrepresentation fence. the back over pered A

truth. Progress discard doesn't it with begins known different from beginstruth—itwith is basically no problem world a concerning

not a process swindling on a small scale, except that it grows worse is a process of improving upon the past—and

of past the has much past, because the of throwing away it affects. greater number of lives to the according A legal

its truth error, and as as well truth, much of hardearned an from is fundamentally evil no different and licensed illegal or unlicensed evil. Evil is where you find it, and it must be preserved. In our quest for the unknown we must

that been made, already mistakes have that many it, remember it, proffers find or you matter where is who it is, no what is false, of truth that much proved been have many things in live to a world want purpose. we or And if for what

free from it, we must fight it where we find it, without regard already discovered, that many questions have already been if, in searching for mysteries, we overlook to personalities, and we must be equally as wary of it when answered—and

it comes with high credentials as when it comes with no the obvious, and disregard what has already been proved, credentials. On this question, perhaps we can do no better we have moved backward rather than forward.

than quote again this utterance of Abraham Lincoln: "You—October 29, 1944.

will never get me to support a measure which I believe to be wrong, although by doing so I may accomplish that which (The Spoken Word for October 8 appeared in the November

I believe to be right."He who makes an alliance with evil Era, page 725, as part of the general conference proceedings.)

for a present advantage is inviting future trouble. False

expediency always returns to 'be paid off. Copytight, 1944.

15, 1944. 'Revised from a comment on Expediency—October

Uke Jearcfi for 1 9 fuderled Ane reason for progress is the fact that there are * always living among us those who are never content with what they know or with what other men know—those

wholesomely restless spirits who are always searching for what lies beyond the obvious.

DECEMBER, 1944 BARNSTORMING o radio broadcast thepopular melodiesN of 1847, but the Mormon quadrille band sent the nineteenth century fiddles right out of the world when they played in villages and hamlets within a twentymile radius of the

Old Mormon Trail.

Not far from forsaken Nauvoo, William Clayton and his band gave the first

At Winter Quarters the quadrille band furnished music while the pioneers them to appear again the next evening. rolled up their sleeves and built the

They cleared $25.00, reached camp at Council House to rhythm. In the

one a.m., and were well pleased. evenings they danced until midnight and

concert of the westward exodus. The The following night they made had plenty to eat and drink.

pioneers had crossed the frozen Mis- $20.00 and expenses, but found much On the march again, they played on

sissippi in February and were suffering excitement when a townsman was the boat at Horn River but did not enjoy this experience the because to sentenced be hanged for murdering wind was teams, wagonboxes brokendownfrom high, cattle, with the boat loaded a of socialists gang a child, and and feuded vanishing and the by artillery,smashed crossing dangerous. priests. party with a of didn't the They They were now Iowa, of the mob. But in neutralmenace

in wild country until traveled in three reach and they a.m., camp and heavy the invited of Farmingtonthe citizens

band to "play some"at their principal rains had made mud of the road, and companies of ten wagons each, and at hotel. The band accepted and were their bedding was soaked. Elk Horn new rules were established:

night, third played They a Keosuagua five dolsupper, with arewarded good here, every From his must keep man priests the but the been had job on and in cheers.lars three But money, and in loaded his hand, gun in his or wagon influenced the sectarians stay to away that in late arrived so backthey camp it at he get can where notice. a moment's from the concert. they cleared only So anxiousBrigham had become Young wagons must together keep The not and $7.00, although they for pri- a played thirty of sent to a out separate as guard previouslyand had done, every and man vate after party the concert. they But his must beside walk not them. wagon andmeet own

At the next campground, the band got eight bushels of corn, enough to last leave it except by permission.

went to work splitting rails for a doctor them until they came to Green River.

who paid them in corn; and that evening The first evening from Elk Horn,

the band "played some"for the good X HE next day it took them some traders from the Pawnee village doctor, and people came from "all six hours to get over a bluff; their teams camped below them, and the band

around"to listen. The band's soloist were very tired, and Band Leader Clay- "played some"for which the traders

sang songs that "pleased all."ton lost his cow. But a farmer invited gave them buffalo meat.

While they were awaiting further the band to play at his house in return The month of May finds them far orders to "proceed into the west,"the for some honey. They played for an from civilization; even the Indian vilcitizens of Keosuagua pressed them for hour but saw nothing of the honey. lages are forsaken. The winds blow hot

a concert. So the band piled into Afterwards they learned that one of the and dry from the south, and they are

wagons and drove to Keosuagua, ten bandmen had had a pail of honey under thirsty, their throats dry, lips parched.

miles distant in two hours. There, a his cloak after the others had left the At night, their wagons covered with

grocer asked them to play a certain house. thick layers of prairie dust, are camped

tune. They did, so he invited them in They held their next concert at the in a circle to protect the horses from

chill Indians. are they The nights and anything offered Indian village, Pottawattamie themand a village he had—and

buffalo fuel, chips for while and little. windowless houses,they took a for Lamanites, a gather The grocer down the of

street asked them to play a tune, which few whites, and an Indian trader named the musicians "play some,"the others they did, and they were told to take Sarrapee. The Indians collected $10.10 dance to warm themselves.

what they wanted. They marched to the for the band, and the agent gave a dinThere is no one but themselves to

Des Moines Hotel, ordered supper, and ner to all that came. Clayton took time listen to their melodies now, but Morplayed and sang from 7 to 9:30 p.m. The out to buy a scythe, pick a supply of mons still sing some of the songs that

house was filled, and the musichungry gooseberries, and tried unsuccessfully were fiddled forth valiantly in a wilderaudience shouted applause and invited to trade a watch for a yoke of oxen. ness.

764 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Poetry

'nyyy'"fti fflh jySfc jyyHhi Bn> jyIn- "r*-jy j&&jSbATfe.jfr,.isdk, lath, t8>, a, ath,,asaaj3>t3tsAj8hj.r

REUNION AT CHRISTMAS NORTHERN CHRISTMAS DECEMBER

By Eua Wi7/es Wangsgaacd By Elaine V. Emans By Lalia Mitchell Thornton

TThis drifting snow, * staris the one bright hour, the invisible Letwhitehim who loves his tropics know one **A LLButaboutthe hollyus berries

Toward which we have been climbing, bar Cold Christmas in the north before he claim Cold and wind their menaceglow; bring

on bar; He has the fairer morning, noon, and night But the bells of Christmas ring;

One spot illumined in a darkened void. For honoring the Christchild, for the flame Ice upon the lakes and streams,

And these are merely symbols: celluloid Of scarlet candle in the window burning. But the star of Christmas gleams;

Reindeer and Santa, cotton snow and trees, Let him go silently on Christmas Eve Winter, but on Christmas morn

One tree supreme and set apart by these Through feathery flowers drifting, falling, Christ the King of kings was born.

Small, colored lamps like songbirds from a turning, prism, Chillier than any bloom he can believe,

Blending the perfect to make synchronism And

Christmas families with day Of back toAnd bells,let himin hearturn, aaddcarolertheir singadoringout, voice PALESTINIAN SONG gether, And if he, loving color, still can doubt, By Vesta P. Crawford A day as shining as white, crystal weather. Let him, becoming as a child, rejoice

Tall soldier sons, their children, and our In northern spruces, fairylamped, that glow I"have not seen the roads of Bethlehem daughter Like beauty dreamed about, in dooryard * That wind upon the hill;

Brown water eyes and gray and blue as deep lake snow. I haveIn notradianceseen thewhitestarsandshinestill. there

Grandchildren, young, the oldest halfpast SNOWFLAKES I have not seen the lights of Nazareth seven,

And one small girl just six months out of By Lois Bodine Along a quiet street, twilight step of any Nor come heaven; they swish outside Coftly door my feet; silent gray and With feast, berries, This Christmas red roasted *** tiny flake Each shattered more. by

bird, fall they Quickly in drifts fair so Jerusalem's have ancient walls Nor all, All, are of the bright symbols one word It sifting air. must be the God for Been sight opened my like sun Glowing face, water on from each

of storied view temples Nor m this Fixing out of time moment space, and the etch night. purple That

... roof, hearth. our around Under our How TIME ERASED

blest! yet within these cycled years And Delia By Leitner Adams the to After crest! climb the stand upon still wai<t must watch and We

'"Phe little boy that used to be Beneath a flaming star to see * On Christmas morning watched the tree. The shepherds at the gate. CHRISTMAS CARD FROM A hid beneath He a man's disguise, are but These names words—repeated FOXHOLE But, oh, the sparkle in his eyes. the yet world And to themshall come

]. Sartori Dott By Jesus walked, where small watched He son with great delight Jerusalem

T send no midnight scene of Bethlehem And how his heart leaped at the sight Nazareth and Bethlehem!

* Illumined in the distance by the star. Of Junior opening up his toys.

No tinted picture of the peaceful hills And then—there were two little boys.

sleeping Where lambs and watchful shepPRAYER FOR THE WARSCARRED half past three One and well, are. herds one—oh By Gene Romolo in His years age to tell; need why

It did not matter as they of arc played sky glow with amber No sapphire train, auto, With this Suffuses plain, color and over gay white parade. DearthemLord,whole,extend your hand and make

light here is Christ Yet bright within my the bear These must who maims and scars circus, games, toy popgun, A thought of war! I'm not I do which know strike the of holy note again. joy To to have toll, paid extortionate Mars, one They half past three Was surehappier—the in they pause throngs the And now about lad that grownup Or be. to used the has passed years of Here innocence, He

door lies the ministry, of Here His pathway

Here holds His word the sure, the just reply That leads to You, the God of love and peace To questioning and all adversity. To plead, not for themselves, for other men

Here is the written testament of one Who battle on and must till strife shall cease.

Who learned at last the surety that He, They have returned to gather up again

If called upon, will fill the limpest stocking Strands left of life to weave a pattern new,

Which hangs beneath the smallest ChristYet one as old as time. Each tangled thread

mas tree. Help them to smooth and ply, for only You,

Who heal the sick and who have raised the dead, A HOUSE AT CHRISTMAS Can raise them from their agony of soul.

By Frances Stockwell Lovell Touchmakethem,themdearwhole.Lord, touch them and

I"am only a house and my eaves are low * But through the years that were so slow,

The Christmases have come and gone WINTER NIGHT

Like summer shadows on the lawn.

I am only a house, and my stairs are worn, By Jean Anderson floors are rough forlorn quite andMy the "Croststill northern night!

feet small of long gayWhere ago * In that hush solemn glows in out fro. to and and andRan

light, glimmering With old, I'm like old things and the quiet lift Prismatic streamers silent at night. rooms dreams andOf

of mingled green, hues bells ring acrossBut the when lingering violet rose. snow TheirOf and carols past go,And window my

My timbers ache to dance once more Even the sentry pacing slow,...

With small gay feet I knew of yore.—Photograph by H. Armstrong Roberts Forgets the stain upon the snow.

DECEMBER, 1944 765 Photograph by H. Armsrtong Roberts

Arner the

ow BIG WHISTLES BALANCING THE SCALE ST. OF LOWER INCOMES & JW

AND HIGHER LIVING COSTS WaUam Theto solve.JohnsonThe familyfamily incomehad a problemwas repectedThe higherincomeincomeand hadMr.becomeJohnsonthe wasexduced one third at the same time afraid the sudden change would have

that the cost of living was increasing. an adverse effect on his family. SomeFollowing is an account of how they thing had to be done.

faced this problem and reached a soluMr. and Mrs. Johnson decided to ask

tion. the three children to participate in a ing tentative budget, based on the reThe family had become accustomed family discussion and help make deciduced income, was presented to the

to a high standard of living as a result of sions since their plans and activities family for consideration.

high rates of pay and overtime wages. might have to be modified. The follow- (Continued on page 791)

ESTIMATE OF ANNUAL INCOME AND EXPENSES

Item PreviousActual Yearfor ComingEstimateYearfor ReductionEstimated Item PreviousActual Yearfor ComingEstimateYearfor EstimatedReduction

Income $3,600.00 $2,400.00 $1,200.00 Cash Savings 113.00 106.00 7.00

Contributions Insurance 150.00 100.00 50.00

Tithing 360.00 240.00 120.00 Principal Payments

Fast Offerings 6.00 6.00 on Automobile.... 51.00 51.00

Ward Budget 12.00 12.00 Equipment 30.00 15.00 15.00

Relief Society 5.00 5.00 Total Savings

Quorum Dues 3.00 3.00 and Investments.. $ 740.00 $ 485.00 $ 255.00

Church Welfare 3.00 3.00

Red Cross 3.00 3.00 Expenditures for Betterments

War Chest 5.00 5.00 -—Health (Doctor, DenTotal Contributions $397.00 $ 277.00 $ 120.00 tist, Medical

Food $800.00 $ 460.00 $ 340.00 EducationSupplies)(Tuition, $ 50.00 $ 50.00

Clothing Fees, Books).... 15.00 15.00

New Clothing $ 100.00 $ 85.00 $ 15.00 Recreation (CommuniCleaning and Pressing 30.00 20.00 10.00 ty Concert, EnterRepairs 20.00 15.00 5.0 tainment, etc.).... 40.00 25.00 15.00

Total Clothing $ 150.00 $ 120.00 $ 30.00 Personal Allowances:

Housing for Father 52.00 30.00 22.00

Rent $480.00 $ 420.00 $ 60.00 for Mother 52.00 30.00 22.00

Fuel 65.00 65.00 for Lucretia 39.00 20.00 19.00

Mortgage Interest.... for Jay 26.00 15.00 11.00

Fire Insurance for Merilyn 13.00 10.00 3.00

Water 12.00 12.00 Newspapers 15.00 15.00

Electricity 60.00 60.00 Books 25.00 15.00 10.00

Gas 8.00 8.00 Magazines 15.00 10.00 5.00

Total Housing $ 625.00 $ 565.00 $ 60.00 Total for BetterOperating Expenses ments $342.00 $ 235.00 $ 107.00

Household Supplies.... $ 35.00 35.00

Fare Bus 25.00 25.00 RECAPITULATION to Transportation

Work 75.00 75.00 Item PreviousActual Yearfor Percent ComingEstimateYearfor Percent Reduction Operating Total

Expenses $ 135.00 $ 135.00

Income $3,600.00 100% $2,400.00 100% $1,200.00

Automobile Expenses Contributions.. 397.00 11% 277.00 11% 120.00

Gasoline $ 40.00 $ 30.00 $ 10.00 Food 800.00 23% 460.00 20% 340.00

Oil 5.00 5.00 Clothing 150.00 4% 120.00 5% 30.00

Repairs 25.00 25.00 Housing 625.00 17% 565.00 23% 60.00

Total Automobile Operating Expenses $ 70.00 $ 60.00 $ 10.00 Expenses.... 135.00 4% 135.00 6%

Automobile Taxes $341.00 $ 63.00 $ 278.00 Expenses.... 70.00 2% 60.00 3% 10.00

Savings and Investments Taxes 341.00 9% 63.00 2% 278.00

and $ 360.00 $ 240.00 $ 120.00 Savings S. Bonds U. War 485.00 Investments 255.00 740.00 20% 20% Federal Old Age 107.00 235.00 Betterments.... 342.00 10% 10%

Benefits (Payroll Deduction).. 36.00 24.00 12.00 Total $3,600.00 100% $2,400.00 100% $1,200.00

766 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA chapel grounds, has been appointed orah, Palmyra, New York; and the spot

gardener at Temple Square, succeeding between the Church Office Building andJhsLQhwxdfL the late William F. Nauman. He is the the Hotel Utah, Salt Lake City.

president of the Big Cottonwood Stake.

Among the landscaping he has acLula Greene Richards Passes complished for the Church are the fol- |"ouisa Lula Greene Richards, Morlowing: the Idaho Falls Temple *-'mon writer and poetess, died at

Chaplain Pays Tribute grounds; the St. George Temple Salt Lake City September 8. She was

Quarters cemetery at grounds; in the Winter 1849 ninetyfive years old. Born post chaplain Ira Freeman, Col.T t. the Hill 779) on (Continued at Florence, page Nebraska; Cum--'recently California, at Fort Ord,

paid this tribute to Latterday Saint service men: MISSIONARIES WHO ENTERED THE MISSIONARY HOME SEPTEMBER 18 AND LEFT SALT LAKE CITY

During several years of service in the SEPTEMBER 27 AND 28, 1944

United States Army, especially since Pearl

Harbor, I have had the privilege of ministering to the needs of many members of the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

The Mormon boys whom I knew intimately overseas were such outstanding good soldiers in every sense of the word that I found myself wondering from time to time if they were a specially selected group, the salt of Utah. But when I came to Fort Ord

I had to dismiss that idea.

The Mormon boys on duty at this post have what it takes! There's something about

E, right Finch, First row, to lona Bertha Hiatt, Alice Ackroyd, Mariam Dalton, B. director Colton, Don soldier! loves the Uniteda He Mormon Critchfield, Fletcher, home; Thelda H. leftDonna Taylor, Wagenen, Van June Mae C. Jensen. Mary loyal to AlmightyStates. God. He is J. I. Apof missionSecond row: Norton, William Margaret Norton, Lizzie H. Miner, T. Horsley, S. Maude Gordon, Rayola

parently, no Mormon lad leaves his religion Lois Lusty, Myrtle Bernards, Grace M. Hodgson, Ann Elizabeth Weigel, Louise C. Vickers.

Z. Third Fox, Bromwell row: C. Miner, Johnson, Sanford A. Don Leah Johnson, Jane Charles M. Radlay, colors to theat accompanies he home when

L. 0. Johnston, Beth Archie Hermansen, Vickers, Thomas Erven D. Johnson. W. battlefield. is the that Undoubtedly,the T. Fourth Hall, Brent D. Neilson, Karl B. row: John H. Hall, Joseph West, Engh, Laverl Arnt Clint

it for is comparatively J. easy E. Black, (instructor).chief Hendrickson, Berrett reason Nephi William why

them to carry on without shamming, without shirking, without snivelling. Anyway, MISSIONARIES AT THE MISSIONARY HOME FROM OCTOBER 16 TO OCTOBER 26, 1944

neither worldliness on the one hand nor the roaring of guns on the other affect their faith in or loyalty to God or country. Naturally,

therefore, as an American, I am proud of them.

Further to illustrate what I have in mind,

I shall refer the reader to something that happened during one of the hottest battles of the Civil War. A Confederate general,

while watching his hardhitting North Carolinians storm a strong Union position, exclaimed: "God bless North Carolina

troops!"In that sense, the nation's eyes are upon left to right, Reading front from Foote, row: Glenna Williams, Enid Sullivan, H. James Croft, Amelia inits Therefore, today. defenders hummy

B. Colton, mission director; F. Percival, Junius Don J. Alice home Ogden, and Ogden. this global the history ofble opinion, when Second Burnside, row: Bryan, Geneve M. Bryan, John E. Bird, BeulahEmma C. Violet Henry W. Keller, Albert

war has been written and read, and when G. Meyerhoffer, Leandert Versluis, Mabel P. McNeill.

Third L. Burnside, Alexander row: Charles Burgon, Burgon, William Lurea N. F. Moss, Janie is G. Moss, to regard ready "every manUncle Sam

J. Heilesen, Glines Moffett, Leah Henry his to of Americansaccording works,"all Phil Fourth row: James R. Webb, E. Bolton, Webb,E. McNeill. Abby Evelyn C. M. Bolton, Markgrof, Frederick W. Edward

faiths will say: "God bless our Mormon Barfuss, Norman D. Moffett.

Fifth Call, Arthur Call, row: C. Harvey Anderson, Martin H. Christensen, Vasco Louise Abegg, Franksoldiers."

E. Critchfield, Wilkinson, Joseph C. John Runyon, Busselberg. F. William here, matter where Amergo from you No Sixth Sr., R. Martin row: Berrett, Young, Charles instructor; Allen, Ashael William E. D. Raymond

I faith, soldiers of theican want Fletcher Johnson, Mormon Memmott.

you to remember my faith in you is unbounded, that I shall follow you in spirit, that I shall remember you in my prayers.

New Zealand Mission A Reed Halversen of Smithfield, L.D.S.

"* Utah, president of the Smithfield SUNDAY

Stake, has been appointed president of SCHOOL, the New Zealand Mission by the First COMPASS

Presidency, succeeding President MatHOUSE,

CAMP over the presided hasthew Cowley who

PEARY, to will return years, for sixmission and

VIRGINIA his Salt Lake City home.

President Halversen served as a New

Zealand Missionary from May, 1922, to

April, 1 926. He has served in ward and

stake capacities in central and northern

Idaho. in southernUtah, and

accompanies Halversen Mrs. him to numberOnofthechangesday thehavepicturebeen wasmadetakenin personnelwe had visitors.here. WeIt havewas quitegenerallyan unusualhad aboutSundayfifteenfor thisto twentyreason.menA

preside over the missions'womens'acwithout the visitors. The men with dungarees have not been issued "white"because of a temporary clothing

tivities. shortageSinceandcoming"blues"to Campwere notPearytheI'veuniformhad theof opportunitythe day. of finding myself and gaining a stronger testimony

Temple Square Gardener of theFirstgospel.row, left to right: Don Westover, Swan Lake, Idaho; Mr. E. A. Skinner, Mrs. Gladys Skinner, Miss

Virginia; Riley Jean Henshaw, Richmond, assistant A. coordinator L.D.S. of servicemen, Gwynn, Washington, for the pastTrvin T. who Nelson Plains, L. Clearfield, Smith, Seamans, Utah. White Glen N.Y.; D.C.; Kenneth

Leslie Jr., row: McNeill, Salt Chambliss, Mississippi; Second Beck, president; John Milton City, branch diLake * four years has given Churchwide

rection to landscaping and beautificaGrantJ. L. A.Anderson,Hamerson,Garland,Ch.C, V(5)Utah,USNR,first counselor;chaplainin-charge;Ralph Smith,StanfordThatcher,Carson,Arizona,Sandy, secondUtah; counselor;Lawrence Wheeler,Lt. (jg)

tion of temple, tabernacle, and ward Lewiston, Utah; James B. Gill, McNeill, Mississippi.—Reported by John Milton Beck, Jr. (U.S. Navy Photograph.)

DECEMBER, 1944 767 you left—to pursue in peace your plans and dreams—to

live in peace with your families and friends. And we Editorials know, too, that greatest of all the gifts we could give

you would be to keep your homes as you would have keep guided LJf Cnndtfnad—and or them—towould have yourthem—tochildren keepin thosefor youpathsthewhereopportuyou

nity to live in freedom, to learn, to work, to be wanted understood cherished to loved be and and Li ome Jhinqs for fought to those things you've you, preserve ifi to the customary things Comehow you hold from comments about Christmas—toandkeepneeded, the enemy destroying—thoseall seem less than fully satisfying this year. True, there dearer than life, and which you may rightly expect to

is going to be a warmth about it. There always is. No find when you return.

matter what is lacking—notwithstanding vacant chairs, We say this to you also, wherever you are, whatnotwithstanding hearts heavy in their loneliness—the ever you've seen, however you've struggled and

spirit of the day, when the eve arrives, moves in, takes doubted: that God lives, that Jesus is the Christ, who

over, and permeates all. Time does not dissipate it. will come again even as he said, and that the world will

Distance is no barrier to the thoughts and feelings that find its peace. The spirit of Christmas is the spirit of

belong to this day. the Prince of Peace. The crucifixion couldn't stamp it

matcenturies can it nineteen out now—no ago—nor things different: are yet, this year, some And matter ter badly how men have how behaved—no

places this gifts route are en to more more Perhaps their intolerance heads. reared brutality have and

Christmas than ever before. May the spirit of Christmas, and the certainty of

Perhaps more longing thoughts for the absent, and things to come, give you strength, and courage, and are in the hearts unspoken, and prayers, spoken more peace—this day and always.- R. L. E. before. ever than this Christmas of men

Perhaps so many men never yearned so fervently for peace, and perhaps so few ever had it. ndCmaiu,

themselves devoting perhaps, many were so Never, a A nother Christmas finds the world still at war, most themexposing nor of killing, so many the purposes to selves to being killed. "of us somewhat rebellious at trying to celebrate the

Never, perhaps, was so much of the wealth and rebirthday of the Prince of Peace with loved ones engaged sources, and of the powers and forces of earth, dediin fighting. Yet, even in these heartbreaking times, we

cated to the purpose of destruction. must cling to fundamental Christian principles, or we

Never, perhaps, did so many want to go home who are lost; and the cause for which we fight will be decouldn't. feated.

Never, perhaps, were so many men bitter in their During times like these, we tend to become busy, to busy. do the too probably we neglect As a result were so many in their hopeless hearts, thoughts—never

feel for indicate the love little things which that we in it and plan meaning and purpose reaching for some all. those near to us, and which we feel they know we

And never, perhaps, were those so grateful who have have for them. They do know we love them; but they

the faith that overrules bitterness, and the assurance also need to have this love indicated in an audible, visthat there is plan and purpose in the events of this world. ble manner. With hate so prevalent throughout the

of expressed love: need the reassurance and world, we

There are some things different about this Christmas. unstable, emotionally particularly, children, who are so

You fathers and sons and brothers, over there, and need to feel that their homes are centers of affection this withgain the stability. assurance can they seas, on and you the seven and How down under—you of free emotion? the in expression skies the inward out our outward up of ancient borders onnations—you time, determination our yearning renew for is Christmas This may we whom freedom where

let affection of to abiding us dear voices to those our young forchallenged—you know wait, and hearts whom

inside. deeds. hard, you'll and through our pray—you'llache words you'll swallow open packages,

But there'll be a warmth of feeling come oyer you. Apart from the home circle we also need to practice

You'll know you're not forgotten—but you'll never love. In our neighborhoods are numbers of families

know just how much you're not forgotten. There are whose personal loss as a result of war is greater than

tightening throats and tearfilled eyes here, too. Those our own. If we practiced the Christian principle of the

packages aren't the measure of our love—but they're good neighbor, we would step into these homes with an evidence of it—the best we can do now. Somehow good cheer, with genuine helpfulness, and prove our

you'll understand. interest. In some homes, the father is away in the

is family, yet there service, each growing a and member is something more we'd like to say, which there And interest. father's advice and a needing Those men who

you'll also understand: know we themselves give at are still could these famand home

The world gets sick at times—and men with it. Or ilies a priceless Christmas present by extending their perhaps it's the other way around—men get sick, and fathering to include such neighborhood families. No

the world with them. Established patterns and plans greater joy can come to a man or woman than to have

seem to break up. Values change, seemingly—and some young person say, "When dad was gone, I took

seemingly morals and principles, and the very meaning my problems to my neighbor, and he showed me how of life—seemingly, but not in reality. There is still a to solve them"; or, "I didn't know where to turn, and

God in heaven who made this world and who gave then John's dad put his arm around me and showed me men life, and who set his hand to accomplish that which that he had confidence that I could iron out the wrinkles will be accomplished. No truth is ever lost. No rightin my life, and I did."

eous cause is ever lost. No life is ever lost. No plan Christmas time should mean more of a sharing of self

or purpose of the Almighty is ever lost—not even when than a giving of gifts. Particularly now, when somewe don't understand what is happening or why. Out of thing of sorrow has entered most homes, real affection

all this, somehow, will come order—and no promise and brotherly love need to be given to our acquaintwill fail of fulfilment. ances. This is only one of the Christian principles, all

Another thing we would like to say: We know that of which should be observed. Certainly if we do not

the closest thing to your hearts is to come home, to all {Concluded on page 784)

768 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA soul shall not be lost, and surely I will do it; wherefore

give me thine honor. But, behold, my Beloved Son,

which was my Beloved and Chosen from the beginning, Evidences and said unto me—Father, thy will be done, and the glory

be thine forever."*

Thus, by the will of the Father, the leadership of the reconciliations plan was entrusted to Jesus. He was appointed the head

of the execution of the plan on earth. He was to organize the earth, place man upon it, atone for human

txxxull. l/l/ku id sfedus Jke Lkrist errors, and bring men back to God, all according to the

plan. By this appointment he became the maker or

S5ometlm,e5 Lalled tke ourcreatoradvocateof thewithearth,thetheFather—insavior andshort,redeemerthe memberof men,of

the Godhead in charge directly of affairs and people (L.temai father I on earth.

The scriptures declare this commission of Jesus distinct it the personages, Father, 'T'hree the In ancient Son, and Christ. stated Nephite days that he was

is the creator of the earth. heavens constitute the the PresidGhost, and or he the Holy Godhead, 6 When

ing Council in the heavens. That is the settled doctrine visited the American continent, he declared, "I am Jesus

the I created the In the first of of the vision Son Church. of God. Smith, and the he Christ, Joseph 8 heavens

all things that in the earth, and Personages,"them are."the Son. Father saw "two and Each To the Prophet

to boy. the he said, spoke Smith one Christ, the Jesus of There of the form Joseph no confusion was "I am Son

7 living the individuals separate created the heavens earth."before God, stood who and Two or substance.1

is central In the revelations the figure him. that It followed, of the Jesus is there salvation. plan of always

a clear distinction made among the three members of was Jesus the Christ who at sundry times revealed himthe Godhead. self to prophets of former and latter days.

In numerous references in the Book of Mormon, the Necessarily, all that Jesus the Christ has done and members of the Godhead stand out as distinct personwill do in behalf of the earth and its inhabitants, is in ages. The Bible, if read fully and intelligently, teaches conformity with the plan of salvation, with the consent

that the Holy Trinity is composed of individual Gods. and under the direction of the Father. Jesus cannot

The early Christian Church, on its way to apostasy, rise above his Father; Jesus is. in these matters of man's

departed from this truth. Several church councils, in salvation, not only one with the Father, but in a sense

which men fought for their own theories, foisted upon his agent. The time will come, when the plan has been

the Church the incomprehensible and unnatural doccompleted, that Jesus, his mission ended, will present trine of "one in three and three in one."They twisted the results of his stewardship to the Father, the presidthe doctrine of unity of nature and of purpose among ing authority in the council of the Godhead.

the Trinity, into a oneness of personality. They would The commission thus given to Jesus explains why,

quote Jesus'prayer to his Father, that his disciples for example, we pray to the Father in the name of the art I in thee, Father, as thou. be one; in me, It and "may revelations also explains the to Son. Joseph why

that in us."they at f Yet, be one time first the same vision, received also may after the through Smith, were

they ignored the clear evidence in the prayer that Jesus Jesus the Christ; that is, he was the speaker. That

was on earth, at that time, speaking to a Being elseexplains many a saying in the scriptures which otherwhere; and the equally clear meaning of the prayer that wise would be difficult of understanding. It makes clear

he did not propose that his disciples should be fused why, in pursuit of his assignment, he may be called the into one personage, but that they should be of one mind Father of the earth and all upon it.

with him and his Father. This false doctrine, which has

in of the history the world, wherever or Whenever excellent through the centuries, is been nurtured an its in fulness, the of taught place gospel has been illustration of philosophicaltheological error nonthe and sense. Latterday Saints prefer to cling to the revealed Jesus Christ in the plan of salvation has been underwriters that often have in mind, stood. knowledge With intelligently. to the read word, and word Only of God

this or Father, Eternal of the of him as spoken God that understand can can be used safely which by we his in Isaiah, concernprophecy famous world. Thus that is useless mortal is incomprehensible men; which

is child us says, a the ing of unto Jesus, "For coming us. to

born, unto us a son is given: and the government shall

definite respect with purpose to humankind A his shall called his shoulder: be be and name upon WonIt the stated clearly to Godhead. emanates from was the everlasting derful, the mighty Counsellor, God, ". is this 8.. Behold, glory and Moses: work my my ancient Peace.'Nephite Prince of Father, the The

life the bring to eternal to immortality pass man."* of and mission well of Jesus, the prophets, understood who

this 9 plan, purpose, the a salvaof plan accomplish To Father."the Eternal called the of They Jesus "Son

tion, the Father. proposed by was the of mission also, of the Jesus Jesus, gave speaking

full In the eternal of free with conformity agency, law title as "the Father. of him speaks Ether Eternal God

10 not consent without the attempted the of plan be would all that of is the this "Father he says land."of Mosiah

council in great the concerned. Consequently, those relates Father.""Eternal the things"; "very Alma 11 and

the heavens was called. So vast a "work"would be of that Zeezrom asked Amulek bluntly, "Is the Son of God

wide extent and manifold requirements. Someone would the very Eternal Father?"Amulek answered, "Yea,

be needed to supervise and carry to conclusion the he is the very Eternal Father of heaven and of earth, and divinely formulated plan. Organization belongs to all things which in them are.""

heaven as to earth. The chief episode in that famous (Concluded on page 795)

event, after the plan had been proposed, is simply told 4Moses 4:1, 2

in the words of the Lord to Moses: "... Satan... sMosiahoill Nephi3:89:15

I ''Doctrine and Covenants 14:9 me, here before me, came am I, send saying—Behold, 8Isaiah 9:6 that will all mankind, thy son, I will redeem one be and I 13:40 Nephi

xWriHngs of Joseph Smith (in Pearl of Great Price) 2:17, 25 "Mosiah10Ether 2:127:27

2John 17:21 Mosiah 16:15

3Moses 1:39 Alma 11:38, 39

DECEMBER, 1944 769.

FUN WITH BOOKS FOR CHILDREN

CONTRASTS OF COUNTRY dju l/l/larba C. Aoiepk.ion

Goetz. HarDelia Nourse and A gift tor CHINA,( Mary A.

court, Brace and Company, New York.

1944. 229 pages. $2.50.) THE BOUNTIFUL COW

(Helen and Michael Czaja. Henry Holt and

history geography become and make 1944. $1.50.) York. Co., New To is interest vital the rare of accomand because nickname cow's the was Bugeye authors, of of these both plishment two... that anyone would be bugs. like big, black two eyes were her

themselves established with have whom pictures, proud to give or grateful books. previous Replete with the Andalwayseveryoneso friendlyliked Bugeyeand stretchedbecause sheout washer

chapters with include twelve such contents life all of her not But scratched. to be neck to receive.. as: of headings diverse Country Con- A she when been Bugeye had friendly—for trasts; Centuries; Cities of At Home Many afraid, and little been calf had she a was

Air, the Chinese; with Water; Land, and By to calves other called the the farmer when

China's HandiHarvest; Fields Their and course, of So, come. not feed, would Bugeye

crafts Industries; China's Growing and fence. She picket as a skinny became Art; she

Play; School; at at China China Famous finally, she But up. growing afraid was In The

in Story; China's China's Long Names afraid any wasn't she grown was ofup—and Short; Across Story and Teamwork Made all of best the cow became she more. Then

Pacific. the ribthe and barn in won twentynine cows

lived fifteen years Because Miss Nourse and medals, and had a perfectly fearbons Gospel Net in China, teaching in both and Hangchow less time.

Ginling, she knows many of the unusual by Dr. John A. Widtsoe customs as well as the history of the people. THE RED TRACTOR

These facts she and Miss Goetz, who has (Paul Corey. William Morrow and Co.,

for Latin America, good done work weave pages. $2.00.) 248 1944. York. New heartening human, A story, into of unusual book, will prove an which Shield wanted Stan Seventeenyear-old

interest entire to the family. in universal its appeal, unfortractor which a all else to own above

repair and in good keep could he he knew its in gettable message.. their retain family his help time the at same POGO'S RIDE TRAIN

obtained a comfinally they farm. How Norling. and Ernest Henry Holt and (Jo colorfully Dignified and as thresher, later a tractor, munityowned 1944. York. Company, New

life will of farm work the fun and as well attractive as 41 pages. book a $1.25.)

make unusually provocative reading for all these indicate the it tells how end papers which because people young With in their part played folk actually various of important the mechanisms young train, the story itself amplifies the important making the Fairview farms succeed.

work of the train in binding countries together and in carrying produce as well as TIME OF THE SINGING BIRDS people from one end of the country to an- (Grace Livingston Hill. J. B. Lippincott

other. This little book will do much to imCo., Philadelphia. 222 pages. $2.00.)

press happily on invalided Vance, of Barney story younger folk the worth of This of communication. this means not of his plans war, and the from home

only for himself but for the young people ingreat of will prove returned he to whom FIRST GRADE he youngsters. teen terest How to age (Eleanor Frances Lattimore. Harcourt,

his acquaintance of people the young helped Co., Brace, York. and New stimulus offer will a lives their to point give pages. 147 $1.75.) experiences their war to readers to make

David spent his first day in school—and add significance.

it: the liked the he writing on

little girl, the Elizabeth, blackTHE LONG TRAINS ROLL board; wanted who

to use her nickname, Beth, because it was ( Stephen W. Meader. Harcourt, Brace and

shorter to write; Billy the final letter of Co., New York. 1944. 259 pages. $2.00.)

the this like book telling a flipper; boy, looked the older whose name and the FOR

redbird and schoolroom window. Available through your by the of who flew MacDougal experiences Randy

But the real excitement of the book is how his work in railroading has enough excitebookdealer David and his family finally came to own ment to keep him interested for many an $1.25 each Carolina.a realhonest-togoodness farm in South hour.DougalMixedwhichwithis interestingthe story enoughof Randyto Macraise

his blood pressure, goes the real backbone

An "Improvement Era"MAGIC MICHAEL ofprecederailroadingeach chapterin briefof thisparagraphsstirring book.which

Publication (Louis Slobodkin. Macmillan Company,

New York. 1944. $1.50.) TALES FROM THE VIENNA WOODS

Strauss. David of Johann (The Story is an Co., Holt and New Henry Ewen. Theindicationbeginningof therhymefun thatof thethe bookbook holds: $2.50.) pages. 1944. 216 York.

(Also now available is a Michael wasn't happy just being my brother, *his is a special kind of book for boys and music love girls, and who women men to be something—something or have made those of the story who and new edition—the eleventh He wantedother.

Johann young music. The famous most—of Gospel Standards by our for it will be good Strauss is a person whom And then the rest of the book tells what that

rewisely author folk to meet. And the snake, or a a all cow, President Heber J. Grant something other was—a

in Johann which the Vienna constructs been had but after he kangaroo, crocodile, a $2.25 a copy—-a "must"for all things imaginable: moved.

Fortunately, for these times of paper produced, is beautifully the shortage, book every home and every cried Michael what "Guess BOY!"I am—a is compaper, and large type on good with bicycle. off he rode on his new And

reading list.) plete with appendices which include many

And that was a relief to his bewildered famadditional features that the wise family will ily. wish to use. The book also has an index.

770 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA POEMS FOR JOSEPHINE (Kathryn Worth. Illustrated. Doubleday,

Inc., Co., Garden Doran & City, New TffttSy-* 1943. pages. York. $1.50.) 56

The fiftysix poems in this book were written by mother and daughter and tell about ducks and geese—with picture as

well as verse. The poetry was inspired by

the author's young daughter and will encourage other young folk to be more observant of our feathered folk.

DERRY THE WOLFHOUND (Margaret S. Johnson and Helen Lossing

Johnson. Illustrated. Harcourt, Brace and

Co., New York. 1943. 75 pages. $1.75.)

The story of how the wolfhound puppy grew up and became a responsible member of the Wood family by guarding the sheep and other farm animals is written in

I large type which will make interesting reading for the younger members of the family.

NATHAN'S DARK HOUSE (Florence Bourgeois. Illustrated. Doubleday, Doran and Company, Garden City,

New York. 1942. 66 pages. $1.50.)

Nathan Bradway decided that his home needed glass windows, even like the richest Jersey. But homes how in New he THIS LUSCIOUS COOKIE RECIPE

get could to purchase them the money was the problem that he must solve. Finally, after 1 cupDurkee'sTroco ZVa cup flour

trying many plans, Nathan did earn the 1 V2 cup brown sugar 1 teaspoon cinna eggs mon interest- 3 did will prove how he money—and

Vb cup boiling water 1 cup chopped ing girls. boys and to many young

Dissolve 2 scant tsp. walnuts

TIBBY'S VENTURE soda in boiling water 1 cup raisins (Ruth Langland Holberg. Illustrated.

Doubleday, Doran & Co., Garden Cream Durkee's Troco Margarine,

City, New York. 1943. sugar, and eggs. Add flour sifted with cin122 pages. $1.75.) namon. Add soda and boiling water,then

teaadd walnuts and raisins. Drop by family, deals with the Robbins book This spoonful sheets and 3 7 5 bake at on cookie particularly and with Robbins, Tibby

whose adventures and likes and dislikes form the basis for interesting reading by young people. Tibby's father was a sea

captain and the surprises that he brought home were enough to make anyone old or young shout with delight, and keep the family in high spirits until he returned again, for someone you especially love... gifts. bringing more

DON'T COUNT YOUR CHICKS (Ingri and Edgar Parin d'Aulaire. Doubleday, Doran & Co., Garden City,

New York. 1943. $2.50.) JJERHAPS a mother or father

This story, based on the poem by Hans whose eyesight is beginning

Christian Andersen, revives the old to dim. Or a justmarried

proverb, count before chickens "Don't your art couple starting'life in a inimitable the they are hatched."With

of the d'Aulaires, the story becomes an exnew home... they'll need

all children that perience have, should for a Bible for reference and intensify lithographs the value the crayon of the story. records. Or children—every

KIKI AND MUFFY boy and every girl should (Written and illustrated by Charlotte Steinhave a Bible.

er. Doubleday, Doran & Co., Garden Only a limited number of

City, 1943. $1.25.) York. New Bibles are this available

she loved had only Kiki animals—but Christmas due to wartime stuffed ones. her Claus brought Santa

a kittymuff which she liked most of all. shortages. If your bookseller

the during allowed But summer, Kiki was to cannot supply you now, real live a real farm she where go to met animals, and she had to learn how to care please be patient. Ask to

for them so that they would like her. see National Bibles which

SOLDIERS, SAILORS, FLIERS, have been America's favorAND MARINES ites for more than 80 years.

(Mary Elting & Robert T. Weaver.

Illustrated. Doubleday, Doran &

pany, Garden City, New York. 1943. $2.00.)

'"Phis book answers the questions of young * people who are curious about what their flllH1"""//'older brothers and uncles and cousins do '/////////A,//"when they join the armed forces of Uncle

Publisher s since 1863 239 S. American St., Philadelphia, Pa. Sam.

(Concluded on page 772) DECEMBER, 1944 771

CHILDREN FOR WITH FUN BOOKS

a new wayL (Concluded from page 771) FOR A SQUASH THE FAIR

Paull. illustrated Grace (Written and by BIG LITTLE DOG, DOG City, Co., Garden Doran 6 Illustrated. (Golden DoubleDoubleday, MacDonald. 1943. $1.50.) York. New City, day, Co.. Garden Doran &

spring, in early Jane's 1943. York. Mary $1.25.) day New One

her seeds squash some mother gave of story deals with the adventures This herself, planted and all by which Jane Mary terriers, blue Big Kerry two Dog and his son, Little Dog, when they took a walk then tended during the long summer. Her

one afternoon. And all the things they met care was rewarded by having squash that

will quite satisfy the youngster who must her mother said was just right to eat. Then,

fair held, in the was autumn remain the one who can go out indoors—or squash Jane's Mary what you do with his own little dog.

first prize!think—yes,when the school won

THE NEW PET illustrated Marjorie Flack. (Written and by LILY SHIP RED THE GOOD

> Co., City, Doubleday, Doran Garden and Savery. Longmans, Green (Constance

1943. $1.50.) York. New 197 1944. pages. $2.25.) Co., York. New

a dog, wanted and Judy pets—Dick, DICK this for history of children live their mother But a cat. and said Making Judy,

that they must learn to take care of themgeneration by transplanting them back selves if they were to have a pet. So they to the age of the Puritans is the real value

learned to do just that. Dick helped Judy of this book. In the story of the Challoner

so that she could dress herself, and they family, the author has incorporated the efboth learned to take care of their own fect of Puritanism on the aristocratic famthings, and they learned to help about the ilies who felt little sympathy for the movehouse. Then, one day, they were ready for ment. How the children's grandfather had

the pet—and it was. of all things, a real, live them kidnapped so that they could not go to

baby brother! They were more than pleased America and how they finally managed to

with this new pet, and watched him grow escape, make fascinating reading for the

Free: Sandwich EASY -TODO it ress and Canape Recipes. Writed until, I suppose, he himself wanted a pet long winter or summer evenings. Holiday Zoom Bars to Durkee Foods. Famous up with 5th St., 2900 Berkeley. Calif. 1 cup flour Cook's Corner 1 cup brown sugar

rrrrrYgrrctTrrrrrrrgcrrrrfeget e<r<eeggtgei H teaspoon salt cup shortening Vi cups Zoom VURKEE'SFAMOUS Josephine B. Nichols

3 tablespoons milk '"Phis holiday season, share your DRESStm hearts, your homes, your hospitality Filling with relatives and friends. Serve gala 1 cup chopped dates or figs

cup foods for your holiday meals sugar % H Plain AnSWerS lo perplexing questions water cup x/2

Holiday Sandwich 1 tablespoon lemon juice EVIDENCES 1 tablespoon grated rind lemon slices of white bread and Cut two two AND RECONnut chopped meats cup Yl slices of three with a bread whole wheat CILIATIONS fruit, sugar, together water unand Cook cutter. half inch Butter cookie and each a Dr. John A. By til juice rind. thickened. lemon and Add slice. Widtsoe food sea generously mixture Spread

flour, Sift nuts. Cool. thoroughly mix Add slice, white egg mixture wheat on on whole writ- a book... salt. in with sugar shortenand brown Cut in to ten slice, answer third layer sea using food mixture on

is until ing like mixture coarse corn meal. insistent quesbread, fourth top with and whole wheat tions inquiring of well. milk, mixing blendZoom, Add Add slice sides white bread. using Frost. top and. every minds well. half ing of in mixture greased Pack mission-. teacher, roll in of frosting, cheese with sandwich

filling pan. retop. with Spread ary, on service Cover man chill. nuts, with top and Garnish chopped service womand in maining mixture. moderate Bake Zoom cherries poinsettia or maraschino from made should have a an (350 F.) forty in minutes. pan. oven Cool copy. pimentos.

Price $1.85 Sea food mixture—Mix together minced Cut in 1x2 inch bars.

Postpaid crab, lemon juice, and salt. Molasses Peanut Brittle Egg mixture—Minced hard cooked eggs,

sweet pickles, and mayonnaise. 1 cup molasses

Cheese frosting—Six ounce package Old 1 cup sugar The BOOKCRAFT Co. English cream cheese, one can evaporated 1 teaspoon margarine

Street 18 Richards in boiler milk. top Place of double and teaspoon soda cook Yi City 1, Utah Salt Lake

using. is melted. before until cheese vanilla Cool teaspoon Yi below: the checked Please books send

salted 2 peanuts cups $1.85 Reconciliations Evidences and Jellied Chicken Ring molasses, sugar, and margarine over Cook A. Dr. Widtsoe John By

SI.25 In the Net Gospel until stirring heat, mixture constantly, low

1 flavored gelatin package lemon Dr. A. Widtsoe John By is brittle. in heat. Stir very from Remove $2.25 Gospel Kingdom The 1 stock, pint free from fat chicken warm

until vanilla, stops. foaming beat soda and Taylor John By

1 diced chicken cooked cup $2.25 Standards Gospel cold, into peanuts; break over Pour when celery cup chopped J. Grant Heber By pieces. small ProphetStatesman..$2.25 Smith: Joseph green pepper chopped cup

Dr. G. Durham By Homer tablespoons pimento chopped $2.00 Spiced Nuts Sugared Constancy Change Amid

salt E. teaspoon Albert By Bowen

$2.50 Saint The Gay 2M2 vinegar sugar tablespoons 1 cup

Bailey Paul By sliced stuffed tablespoons olives 5 water cup $1.50 This Always and Day %

1 1 L. tablespoon juice cinnamon Evans tablespoon Richard onion By

Payment enclosed Send C.O.D. Dissolve gelatin in warm stock. Chill 1 teaspoon vanilla

Name until slightly thickened. Combine remaining 2 cups walnut or pecan halves

Address Turningredientsinto ringand mold.fold intoChillthickeneduntil firm.gelatin.UnandBringvanilla.to a boilAddthenuts,sugar,let water,boil onecinnamon,minute.

and pour mold on crisp lettuce. Garnish with mayonRemove into greased pan. When Books available now!

nuts. cold, separate naise.

772 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Here's Em

It's a Date It's that time of year again—when

dates begin to make their welcome appearance on the market. For all you

date lovers, here's a brand new book that you will welcome for your holiday cookery. It's called Date Recipes and

can be obtained from the Valerie Jean

Date Shop, at Thermal, California, for fifty cents. Hope you will like it as well

as we do.

Did you know that starched clothes are easier to iron if your iron is very hot? And do you sprinkle your clothes

with hot water thirty minutes before you're ready to iron them? You'll find

that your ironing will be much easier if you follow these two suggestions.

Handy Hints

Payment for Handy Hints used will be dollarone publication. the event upon In earn,that two with the submitted, same idea are

the one postmarked earlier will receive the dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

but each will receive careful consideration. Let an open box of Glade's delicious ChocoWhen hanging sheets on the clothesline, lates add just the right festive note to your

if pin the with together bottoms you would holiday parties. And to remember your

in they not flapa clothespin, would around northe wind would they wrap around the friends at Christmas, send Glade's—always

line. Gardena, California. M. A., a truly delightful gift.

Before giving children unpleasant tasting medicine, give them a piece of ice to hold on their tongue. When their tongue gets

cold give them the medicine and there will IF IT'S GLADE'S IT'S GOO OV, k be no unpleasant taste.—Mrs. L. A., New

Orleans, La.

When making fudge to send the service men, pour it directly into the box in which it is to be mailed. Line the box, first, with

waxed paper, beat the fudge until it begins to set. This method is better for two reasons:

the box will contain more candy and it will CHOCOLATES fresh longer thanstay SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH

in the usual way. M. D.,if itEnterprise,is cut in piecesUtah. ClAOE CANOt COMPANY

The next time you visit the fiveand-tencent store, purchase a small fish bowl for whipping cream and egg whites. There is

no splash because the crown of the bowl catches the drops.—Mrs. ]. M., Trenton,

New Jersey.

Start now to save all the boxes that come your way. Then, for Christmas, take t an flrmy Chaplain says of the Ira"

Christmas paper and library paste and cover them. It's easy, and this year boxes are Era Enclosedfor the fullis amounta moneyof orderthe order?(or $20... Will you kindly extend my subscription to the

very scarce. N. D Columbus, Ohio.

continue We of If some article of wearing apparel or linen those us who haveto enjoybeen toawaythe fromfullestthe thestakesmessagesof Zion andfor years,subjectthematterEra is ofthethetrueEra."voiceTo

to us. of in the tents it, soldiers, or the see Church"Whenever in hands a the garment bluing soak toohas much

is feeling that Ifor there food. spiritual here no hunger other wholesomeit I popularhave Seenof our among water quart hoursfor several in one of warm

it I feel certain magazines, in to pride unexplainable a knowing near speak I have and vinegar. of tablespoons Thenwith two I it for time. mine. teach long want and a home me in my

wash out in the usual way. E. P., Salt Lake

City, Utah. zine.PleaseAfter weexpresshad readto thetheeditorsmessageand ofwholePresidentstaff Grantmy deepto thegratitudeconference,for thisin oneexcellentof our magagroup

I that the their brethren to meetings, requested love the president greetings send and and after opened, paint been can has To save life that his for inspiration has to us. Since been 22nd on November good an

turn securely and up sidefasten can lid on is in right"the of sight his "heart that his God, will every desire pray towe tellknowhim be we down. Paint seals the can and crust will granted. I feel sure you will express this favor to him for us. Thank you.

not form. A. H., Greensboro, Md.

Send the "ERA"Sincerely your brother, pie without of a meringue To cut the it, first in hot to loved ones away from home Reed G. Probst, Chaplain 186th Inf. knife dip yourcrumbling

water. P. R., Rockland, Idaho.

DECEMBER, 1944 773 Prof. N. L Nelsonoffers a new book entitled News From The Camps

<44?**gtizi*ir:e**erztz*ezszz<itz<zztzi*zzezzetl{<z&3

The Second War Ml In Heaven Some of his reasons follow:

"Woe unto the inhabiters of the earth and the sea,"exclaims

John the Revelator (ch. 12) "for

the devil is come down unto you, having great wrath, because he knoweth that he hath but a short time."What about the cruelties and atrocities revealed to the allied armies as they press on into the countries? aloccupied thing has German this score. ANZIO The whole AT on SERVICE MEN WHO MET me Do GROUP OF

1944 DAY, MAY outMOTHER'S and an ON good exceptionally been ways of worldthe type not show they standing instrument in keeping Church memcon- that was plan conquest other of memdoings the informed on the of parts in other and Camp Endicott, R.I. bersbers at home of humanenemies ceived by the Dear Editors: world. conquered keep plan to ity? continued sucfor A your receiving wishes sincere many you are My Undoubtedly,

me. for remembering again thanks and and days, and you cess, oppression these by "thank you"letters people down

extreme cruelty? mayjoy thatcountI thisreceivedas another.the recentIt wasissuewithofmuchthe Ernest* M.* Greenwood,* S 2/c

Who then was the author of Bra.momentI amthatstillI get,busyandreadingyou maywithbeeachsuresparethat From the Pacific

it human of when Could ANY I plan? that one and wellread on wellworn it been have will year the past be For all Latterday the aramong to circulate after ceases Shortly Islands. the Sea South falsehood, role of fill the being others, here, and that fellows I know there learn Saint to I happy very riving, was bloody mercilessness, and hate, further too. After here. mission L.D.S. an was

only I was camp found investigation characterizing my aldestructiveness, the was in Era Nephi home At my the to jungle the miles through two I find some so I wanted there when a being ways this war? Jesus names indeed good news This was I ward. nearest since it very it, muchand missed I that have

that could do it—LUCIFER, who. enlisted in the navy. I consider the poetry to me as I knew I would find much joy and

if I attended. find satisfaction and I to me, interesting most the He tells us, "was a liar and a page in freedom of religion, believes with agree Our army here fellows of the other many

murderer from the beginning."

In spite of the darkness looming over the world, my book carries a positive, even a joyous outlook. It recognizes the hand of

the Lord turning the bloody strategy of Lucifer, which would enslave the world, into liberating war for all mankind, and so preparing for the MILLENNIUM.

Enough of the "JoyIntelligence

Philosophy"is included in this volume to make it clear and rational. In the reading season

now opening, why not promise yourself this opportunity of getting away from yourself and the ever present humdrum, into loftier fields of thought?

Postpaid, $1.50. Address your order to

bricklayer. an Italian of the aid with built by them tiny chapel in the seated L.D.S. service men PROF. N. L. NELSON is it Idaho, Driggs, of Kuntsen Alfred S/Sgt. Sardinia. its in kind first of the was The meetinghouse

Downey, Idaho speaker.

774 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WAR DEPRESSION ( This is an excerpt from the letter in the of a soldier to Pacific area his Add THESE to YOUR Library young wife he from been has whom absent for nearly two years. ) DF

T know it sounds crazy, but there have been times when I've wondered whether I was losing BOOKS THAT UNFOLD THE SPIRIT part result of my heritage. One of D P XH E this turmoil increashas been an

ing cynical bitterness till I could- n't stand myself. I didn't want you to receive a letter written in RESTORED GOSPEL

a mood like that, so I waited till my mind cleared a little. You've

told me how brave I've been, and 1. JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET $3.00

now you see how wrong you A complete, new biography were. I'm not brave at all—I'm By PRESTON NIBLEY

just like a little kid stumbling blindly around in the dark search- 2. JOSEPH SMITH, AN AMERICAN PROPHET

ing for the light that was taken.$3.00

away from him.

Well, to make a long story The Prophet sustained with power.

short, yesterday evening Ray By JOHN HENRY EVANS brought me a magazine he had 3. JOSEPH, THE $1.50 PROPHET of the found on one ships—an he lives As in the hearts of his people. Improvement Era, dated May,

1944—the conference issue. There Written by one who loves him for all who love him.

couldn't have been anything By DR. DARYL CHASE

more appropriate, more timely, and more needed. It was great 4. TEACHINGS OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH

just holding it and looking at it, SMITH $2.00

its warm brown color and picture You know the Prophet when you know what he taught.

of the almost tabernacle—it felt By JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH

alive. Last night I pored over

I fine felt those men, and more re- 5. PRESIDENTS THE $2.50 OF CHURCH

I fine felt those remen and more of leaders A study of the the restored Church freshed spiritually than I have for By PRESTON NIBLEY—well,months. let'sOur justspiritualsay dietit's hereinadeis 6. THE HOLY GHOST $2.00

quate. After reading till quite late An important subject thoroughly treated.

I went to bed and said the first By OSCAR W. McCONKIE

prayer for some time, and it did me more good than even I real- 7. CHRISTIANITY THROUGH THE

ized. I've All inday had a glow CENTURIES $2.00 side, feeling a that will everything To understand the churches of the Christian world, read this book. all right in not be and the toodistant future. By DR. DARYL CHASE

8. ARTICLES OF FAITH 85

An illuminating explanation of the doctrines of the restored Church.

and encourages each soldier to try and atBy DR. JAMES E. TALMAGE

tend some religious services whenever possible. This, along with being in easy walk- 9. JESUS THE CHRIST $2.00

ing distance generally found me in Sunday A neverending inspiration

School every Sunday. the course Of servBy DR. JAMES E. TALMAGEices carried the out in were native tongue,

Iso understood nothing. of the Saints Many

do speak some English so to 10. GOSPEL STANDARDS $2.25 talk I could

them. -Pfc. R. M. Witbeck Forthright, direct, faithpromoting

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

MEDITATION There are scores of others. May we send you our price list?

By Corporal F. Stewart Jones MAIL THE COUPON

I think the things of I ought to beWHEN see things the am, And DESERET BDDK COMPANY toI pray to forget not God meI 44 East South Temple Street P. O. Box 958 help buildAnd myself a me man: Salt Lake City 10, UtahBuild that's straight a true man and

And stands with shoulders squared, "THE BOOK CENTER OF THE INTERMOUNTAIN WEST"the look in the whole worldTo face Please send me books numbered above as follows: (Here list by that eyes seeWith through; them the desired.) books numbers

hisLet face be soft and noble clean and

And colored by a thousand things, Name

The love of God, the l6ve of man,

The love of happiness he brings; Address this builtThen I have when man, dear Lord, Enclosed find $ that to see,The man want you

Then answer my deepest prayer In Utah please add 2% sales tax.

And let that man be me.

DECEMBER, 1944 775..

Melehizedek Priesthood

-. 3fc "Jfc >fc3> >n'h ""i'Ii 3fci "% mfr >h Tfri % Tfth. mt Hfr, 3lh. Tffh i w1,,Tifth.3fth.Jh i m ii lffifc.-ffifc $fa, -33:&.. fo. V TfoniBiiOfct.flK fifth % li 'j P j*jr j

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCH1ZEDEK PRJESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH,

CHAIRMAN; CHARLES A. CALLIS, HAROLD B. LEE, EZRA TAFT BENSON, MARION G. ROMNEY. THOMAS E. MCKAY, CLIFFORD

E. YOUNG, ALMA SONNE, NICHOLAS G. SMITH, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, ANTOINE R. IVINS, RUFUS K. HARDY

Melehizedek Priesthood Confidential Annual portspriests. forTheelders,only namesseventy,recordedand inhighthe

Supplies for 1945 Reports Thenew balancereports ofare thethe reportquorumgivesofficers.total

on personal data based and percentage reports Confidential Annual Priesthood 1 HE new Melehizedek rT newHThe of interview by presmembers quorum * will report to used quorums by be ConfidenBooks, Report Roll and of quorums. idencies rethe 1944. year calendar These new tial and Books Minute Reports, Annual

Roll pads went to press November 17. ports replace the old L, M, and N re- (Concluded on page 784)

Plans call for sending one year's supply of these to each stake Melehizedek

Priesthood chairman by the end of 1944. Melehizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, January, 1945

The kind and quantity sent will be Text: The Gospel Kingdom: Selections from the

based on the requisition made by the Writings and Discourses of John Taylor respective stakes.

the at represented not OcStakes

First of those the Presidency hands and 4849 LESSONS time at the of 1944, 8, meetingtober is or, their delegation, there acting under in Priesthood Succession the letter a sent were conferencegeneral individual of independent or sphere any Prin182-194. Topics: The Text: pp. 1944. 16, October blank orderand A fully. local authority? See pages Examine Relationship Beciple of Succession. The these order returned not had stakesfew particularly. 197198 the not do Why the Seventy. the tween and The Twelve second a call 17 when the on November Seventy? always uponforms Twelve Eternity Based on Succession of Principle

letter was mailed. If you have not orof the Priesthood. Succession Among the From what type of Church court is there

council high a ever conShould no appeal? Priesthood Melehizedek yourdered Succession Seventy. in the Twelve—Some of basis of a person "discernment on the All Call to the vict for 1945 President Taylor's History.supplies do so promptly.

orders should be placed by the stake Twelve. Reorganizations Within the spirits"? Why not?

Melehizedek Priesthood committee. If Twelve. LESSON 51

the number of groups or quorums have The lessons 48 and 49 are outlined as a Review: Book II, The Gospel Message,

of require those unit the for convenience who III, Priesthood: Book and order, The your placed since youincreased

is in the flexibility improgram. This some of Government God Priesthood comthe Melehizedekwrite profitmaterial, can portant however, and inclusive. 9-18 chapters Text: Street, South Templemittee. 47 East lessons. in dealt with Those two ably be the mediation Discuss: has and What Utah. City,Salt Lake the edition of copies second persons having of to "the Christ with atonement gospel"? do will discontinued forms All old be the special the read also text of apmay is the priesthood? "dispensa- a With What 1, stake commit1945. Unless in in edition connection with that pendixJanuary the gospel? of

early at supplies an this their lesson. receivetees the restored? the gospel was Could tion"Why Priesthood Melehizedek the 1945 isdate "peculiar the connecDiscuss: What restored the gospel without be priesthood?

program may be seriously delayed. tion that exists between the seventies and Does the "living"priesthood, in regulating

The following is a list of the new the Twelve"? Who are "the especial helps, its own affairs, operate with or without

1945 supplies referred to: assistants, and fellowlaborers"of the revelation? Can the priesthood operate

senior president is the of Twelve? How is revelation? the without Zion? What Why 1. Roll Book for Groups of and Report Seventy determined? did Brigham How to President priestrefer the does Taylor Priesthood. Melehizedek the of senior member Young become ("the of as government "an hood God")

2. Roll and Report Book for Quorums Twelve? Why did not Orson Pratt succeed organized power to build Zion"? (p. 130.)

of the Melehizedek Priesthood (living to the presidency of the Church on the Can you have priesthood, active and within one ward ) death of Brigham Young instead of John functioning in human affairs, without the 3. Master Roll and Report Book for QuoTaylor? Why did Wilford Woodruff not Church? Can you have the Church of

rums of the Melehizedek Priesthood become president at that time? When were Christ without priesthood? What is neces-

(having membership in two or more the positions of Orson Hyde, Orson Pratt, sary before the priesthood becomes the wards). Wilford Woodruff, and John Taylor finally legal means of governing the Church? Do

4. Minute Book for Quorums and Groups adjusted in the quorum of the Twelve? we need a First Presidency? Why not a

of the Melehizedek Priesthood. How? single president? Why not let the Twelve

the govern as permanently they Church Melehizedek with 5. Roll use Pad for 50 LESSON at periods 18771880; have (18441847; Priesthood Books. Report Roll and Priesthood Questions Some the to 18871889)? not allow Twelve Why

6. of MelConfidential Reports 195202. Annual Text: pp. third Topics: Relations lapse permit the of and auquorum

ehizedek Priesthood Quorums the First PresidPresidency and the (for Between thority, the to the Seventy, govern Church?

) only quorums ing All Bishopric. Priesthood Functions all rest, the these are quorums, and Why

in Direction Capacity. FulChurch Under If necessary? establishing a were you will In above, to the addition which filling in the Callings Priesthood High all these church would bodies? want you

requested, in quantities each sent asbe Difficulties. topic). Interstake (major the did the of practice senior member How

stake will be mailed one copy of the Discuss: Who has a legal right to the succeeding to positions of presidency origReport and Minute Book for the stake presidency of the Aaronic Priesthood? What inate? In what quorums of the priesthood

Melehizedek Priesthood committee. All has the First Presidency of the Melehizedek or organizations of the Church is this prinsupplies will be mailed to the chairman Priesthood to do with the presidency of the ciple practiced? Summarize the importance

of the stake Melehizedek Priesthood Aaronic Priesthood? Is the presiding bishopof the concept, "the government of God."

committees. Some stake chairmen have ric independent in authority from the First Read again to the class the flyleaf statement

all in Independent function? opposite define 126: the page laws Can "To since the 1944 Presidency? changed doubt beenno

function, of the priesthood the at time, of any for priesthood impossible, would be any officers ofdirectory pubChurch was is of independent letter, living the nominating power, not as it a dead power andlished. reported should changes be Such handled delegated the PresiFirst these instructions and although by genof be may

to the Melehizedek Priesthood commitdency? In what capacity? When? Where? eral use, the living priesthood must regulate

tee of the Council of the Twelve imWhat ordinances? Is the power of the its own affairs."What is the import of this

mediately. priesthood completely centralized in the statement?

776 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN Conducted by for Dr. Joseph F. Merrill the—MppetiLe TEA, A

Tn the October 1944 issue of Hygeia,

A authoritative health magazine pubBy ISAAC B. BALL COFFEE,lished by the American Medical Association, is an illuminating article on AND

of smoking. the dangers of Ansome is wiser

is publishedoutline given of a study, in ThethanWordeven ofits Wisdombest proponents Journal, Medical madethe American allow. adAfter sometimes three of the Clinicat by the Mayo TOBACCO

clinic's purpose doctors. to vising was and warning The women men and

find what advice physicians should give to avoid the narcotics, alcohol and patientstheir smoke and who who have tobacco, and other harmful drinks? troubles. circulatoryheart or blood

From these studies comes the init immediately adds to that negaflexible rule "no smoking for those with tive advise the positive prescrippressure."high blood orheart disease diet that tion profor a satisfying

essentials of a diet in the prime with soldiers followed rule by be shouldThis vigor natural health vides and "constituthe very 01 with of having arms harmony woundsand others legs, for these wounds generally involve whereby one feels no need of a tion and nature of man."(Recent

circulation. synthetic "pickup."vitamin research has again shown

obprevious confirmed The studies Is not that real wisdom? how literally this diet is essentially of tobacco, the poison thatservations

nicotine, contracts the blood vessels People who continually feel necessary for our natural bodies.)

circulation. interferes with thusand fagged out and weary as they face This ordained diet, President

it "alters the also was foundSmoking whole vital functioning of the human the tempo of modern living are apt George Q. Cannon once declared,

organism,"and increased the heart to begin in a small way, and with has not been supplied at the board beats and blood pressures of the perno intention of disobedience, the of the Latterday Saints as it should rate heart average studied.sons The stimulants, mild use of said: and perbe. He 105 while smoking, to from 69jumped

later, stronger ones. inhaps, pressure is that it will be most blood opinion averageand the My

creased nineteen points. Certainly toPerhaps the solution lies in pointdifficult for fathers of families to inbacco is "not good for man."ing out more effectively and perduce their wives and children to re-

# * * sistently the positive phases of the frain from the use of tea and coffee, "Oeaders of this column will find a revelation. if they do not supply their tables with

*** most interesting article elsewhere other articles in their place; and unless

in this number of the Era (page 742), Show me how to avoid those food suitable to the requirements of written by Ab Jenkins who points out "dumpy"feelings in which my the human system is provided, our the advantages of total abstinence. To daily work bogs down, and I'll not wives and children will be exposed

article material other for thegive space will for the be heldfor this column next seek the "pause that refreshes."tothe constantcounsels temptationthat are givento transgressin regard

issue. that practical Is not wisdom? to our diet.

sense answers "yes."Ab Jenkins holds more unlimited Common

automobile speed records than all other It is now more than ever our the of acso does has been Anddrivers Wiscombined. Word He

Driver,"Safestclaimed "The Worlds still duty to aid the Saints to keep the is that of it part But dom!

of of the parts negative Word 2,000.000 than drivenhaving more largely hidden to wisdom many

to obthe highways byways and teaching themmiles on by Wisdom it though is patent enough. Salt accident. Lake Saints,without was an He positive the childhood serve from

during 194043, throughCity's mayor positive, constructive part This this because thereof. I say parts

thirtycity the from soared timewhich of not Wisdom is the Word has the Church 1937 since October cities the for of nation'sninth place among traffic safety to second place. intentionally hidden by the Lord. asked all Saints in positions of

There it is, clear as print: "all leadership who could not keep the

wholesome herbs... and every law to step down and let others

$DOjcdL&Wi&adlanMiJL6u fruit in the season thereof."(This take their places.

leafy vegetables, includes "herbs,"is Saints Latterday to At last is to put job for over a difficult menTt all their vitaminerals with and and constructive available wise a* of help the social without evening a.. mins.). "Flesh of beasts and of of treatise just the Wisdom for on naturaltheir a wives. It seems Word

woman to plan a party and make the the fowls... used sparingly,""all showing in clear and simple terms

... Priestgrain nevertheless In wheatplan work. a Melchizedek esthe families may select for how

is provision there program madehood this not does say man."(And diet be and sentials of a satisfying of reunion annual membersfor an flour and part as white prodour wheat through obeying and while happywives. your committeemen who Are

have charge of the social and miscelucts have been, at least in the past ) obeying the full Word of Wisdom.

laneous affairs of the quorum getting In short, the Lord first admon- I refer to that invaluable volume thishelp wives anfrom their in making ishes the Saints not to use narcotics by John A. and Leah D. Widtsoe, the biggestnual affair of the event year?

And are you including the widows and and stimulants, nor overmuch The Word of Wisdom—A Modthe wives of all absent members? meat, and then he promptly follows ern Interpretation.

DECEMBER, 1944 777

Aaronic Priesthood

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

LEADERSHIP WARD BOY yojdh, SpMifau thenwouldhebewouldmore likeinterestedus betterin goingand weto OUTLINE COMMITTEE OF STUDY

JANUARY 1945 priesthoodNo one likesmeetings.to be forced into anyis likeable and Text: HOW TO WIN BOYS thing,able toandput ifoverour theleaderlessons in an interChapter XXV: The Great Objective esting way we will enjoy going and will

be willing to take part in every way we

Quotations from the Text: can.

1. class great reason a boys'for The mistakes make would we we When is LeGRAND the salvation turning boys and of boys tell leader to correct us our and LAMB want

into personal forces for God's work us where we are wrong, as our fathers in this world.

teacher striven for has not 2. The who like be can would a leader we do.We this objective twin not has and who lives his religion of; one proud who daily for the prayed ability power and the of Sunday. as on every day week He for to approach boys of acceptance

Christ as Savior, and membership in would have to be a man who obeys the the Church, has failed in his mission to Word of Wisdom, and sets a good exboys. ample before us boys, for after all, the

of means a great deal to Wisdom Word religious. natively are less 3. Boys No V/ard, Glendale is a in the deacon (LeGrand age. our boys of authority than Colonel Jackson, superde- following Stake. address Phoenix was The

intendent of one of the finest academies livered during a session of the Phoenix Stake I think if some of us do not attend in America, said, in conversation with quarterly conference.) meetings, our leader should visit us and

me, that boys were the most religious find out our reason for not coming. In

in group that America! he explained By in contact close with that keeps LIKE IN he BOYS way A WHAT

that he deep meant within down them likely be to are or the boys some who LEADER PRIESTHOOD this spiritual was that flame in burned their attendance. in slack

as boys in other group. no adchoose F our could quorum we I matters the think so don't much age

4. I Thousands ace boys to waiting of be like viser, a have is to him can just would so boys; he us to a man we who

to asked Christ! accept in are They in personality apneat pleasing be and viewpoint be boy a and our understand class. your linger catch They and up qualities of a the is if have pearance, eighty or more. and he us with even with stroll as you you from home the like to be attain a real him to would man. are working now church. We slip into the We seat They beside

you on the noisy street car if you are type of man who enjoys outings and be higher position in life, perhaps to be a forced, as many of us are, to live in a real Scout with us, and then work teacher as our leader is. If he sets a

a crowded city. I've had boys try to with us and really help us with our serigood example for us, we are bound to

help me with a camp fire in a park ous problems. We would want him to look up to him and try to imitate him.

merely to have a friendly talk. They be a man whom we really like, because So if he is the man we like as a leader,

even to overtures make we aided to going be naturally are us—which boys we are often too blind to see too and fearare road the along rough deal we a great to ful follow up. men. traveling before become we Helps for the Class Leader: 5. oh, And, those thoughtful boys whose

minds ponder so many hours on life 1. Discuss the author's "twin objective"

and God and what they should do and for boys'classes.

of boys. salvation a. The what they can with real do fi/uqhoffL Said, yjowuf* credit!—off into forces b. personal Turning boys sitting long on walks, in their own if he do wrong this in world. little for God's work A Saint will never at rooms or reading home out

under some tall tree and infinitely lone- 2. Show how the Church is prepared to knows it. If a man will do a wrong

ly because nobody interprets to them meet this challenge to accomplish these thing wilfully, he is not a Saint. Jourtheir very isolation! objectives. nal of Discourses 1 3: 1 77 ( 1 870.

SAN DIEGO STAKE

AARONIC PRIESTHOOD BANQUET

San Diego Stake leaders and ward bishoprics know how to attract young men of Aaronic Priesthood age to a banquet, i.e., invite the young women of corresponding age. It has never failed yet. Such pleasant occasions under this kind of leadership are wholesome and there should be more of them.

The banquet was sponsored by the Stake Aaronic Priesthood Committee with Albert O. Westover, chairman, and Earl R. Haws, Oliver Sorensen, and Thomas

Sutton as associates on the stake committee.

Congratulations, San Diego—you are pointing the way.

778 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. )

Teaching L&S CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

The Church Moves On WARD TEACHERS (Continued from page 767) Kanesville, Iowa, her span of life began The teacher's duty is to watch over the church always, and be with and with a covered wagon trip west. At strengthen them;

nineteen she became the first secretary And see that there is no iniquity in the church, neither hardness with of the Relief Society in Smithfiela, each other, neither lying, backbiting, nor evil speaking;

that see together the church meet And often, and also see that all the first president also the Utah. She was

their duty. do: 5355. C. 20 ( D. & Ladies'Improvemembers Mutual of the Young

ment Association there, and assisted in asorganizing the of the first Primary l/l/ard Jeack er5 fVfe55aae forfor /4aAavmam, 194-5 to in northern sociations Utah. Coming

her Salt continued City she Lake Mutufirst "THE NEW YEAR AND REPENTANCE"al the work. Primary and She was

editor of the Woman's Exponent which 'T'he silent tongue of the New Year is again calling us to repentance and began publication June 1, 1872; she was reformation. It seems natural that we make resolutions to begin worthy

a member of the committee on publicaprojects long neglected, or to turn our backs upon the unbecoming conduct tions for the Deseret Sunday School of the past. Most of us could profitably do both.

Union Board for many years, and was The New Year is clean, unsullied. While our actions of the past may

editor of the "Little Folks'Departcarry over to mar its purity, these cannot be charged against its account.

ment"of the Juvenile Instructor. In It is without guile. It lies before us like a celestial path hedged up against

1 892, Sister Richards became a member mistakes and regrets. It is the finger of opportunity pointing the way to more

of the general board of the Primary noble expressions in thoughts, words, and actions. The New Year inspires

Association, a position she held until meditation. It carefully introduces a feeling of shame and regret for the

1917. the Salt Soon after Temple Lake thoughtless blundering errors of days cannot deny its accusagone by. We

in 1893, completed shewas was called tions for they of conscience. are the unmistakable murmurings

as an ordinance worker, where she Perhaps we remember the unkind words we spoke which crushed served until 1934. another's heart, or which turned a child from the way of life. Perhaps we

Mrs. Richards wrote the words for recall that our tithing was not settled in full or that our fast offerings were

many hymns now in use throughout a bit on the skimpy side. It is possible that many of us exhibited little or

the Church and won the Deseret Sunno respect for the Sabbath day. Perhaps we neglected to pray in secret

day School Union prize in 1 905 for her and in family circles thus laying ourselves open to the bufferings of Satan.

the Blest,""Josephpoem commemoratbodies, keeping overlooked the temples have our of God, clean ing the one hundredth anniversary that his spirit In of always. abide so with us could of Weand invitingmay moments

the Prophet Joseph Smith's birth. Evan anger or thoughtlessness we may have called upon the name of God or

Stephens received language. in profane possibly could a like award for our more Redeemer have attended We setting it to music. Children meetings sacrament as the might have commanded. Lord has

Mrs. Richards was the mother of been more thoughtful of each other and of their parents. In some instances,

children, threeseven survive of whom fathers recognizing in their children the tragic results and mothers may be her, including Richards, Lee Greene of negligence examples. and unworthy

wellknown western artist. Fortunately, in the midst of our New Year meditations, almost all of

us can recall wholesome lifegiving experiences which were associated with

Welfare Canning righteous conduct. For these we are thankful, but we must not permit such

rT"HUNDRED,WO FIFTY THOUSAND exhilarating Cans recollections, conour as the out of minds they are, to crowd * of peas were processed is by individuto progress repentance. deadly than our Nothing more scious need for

al groups at the home canning unit of the anesthetic effect of gloating over a few good works to the forgetting of

Salt Lake's Welfare Square during one our many weaknesses.

week of July, as priesthood, Relief SoLet the New Year be praised that annually it pricks and sharpens the ciety, and other groups kept the plant in consciousness of man, and urges him to forsake the ugliness of sin. Many

operation on a twentyfour hour schedare indebted to the New Year for the sobering effect of its humiliating reule. minders.

But if sorrow for sin, and genuine repentance, come only once each

Veteran Program at B.Y.U. year, will not the sun of life set mercilessly upon our span of wasted years?

A faculty committee has been apShould not sin be rooted out as quickly as perceived lest it place us beyond "** pointed at Brigham Young Univerthe power of repentance? Why wait for the New Year to make resolutions

sity to assist returning veterans who and to forsake sin when a new day dawns upon us every twentyfour hours?

plan to take advantage of higher edu- A new day is just as clean and promising as a New Year and it is placed at cation that the G.I. Bill of Rights proour disposal in the ratio of 365 to 1

vides. Letters have been sent to each Repent each day for the sins of that day and the sun of life will set

"Y"student whose college life was inin glory and in triumphant benediction upon our years.

terrupted by the war, inviting him back and to bring his friends made in the armed forces. collection which was exhibited at the Broadcast No. 800

general the last during Lion House the 12, witnessed conQunday, NovemberPaintings for Temples to wartime Church. of the ference Due coastto- eight hundredth weekly

Dresident Heber J. Grant has given conditions the Hawaiian Temple will coast broadcast of the worldfamed

to each L.D.S. Temple a water color receive a painting sometime in the fuTabernacle Organ and Choir program

painting from the Joseph A. F. Everett ture. [Continued on page 786)

DECEMBER, 1944 779

muAUL The Ward Music Guild Limitations in Research sourcesance at cannotthe indexbe offiiceacceptedunlessfor actualclearThird( DecemberSession and Temple Work ily,relationshipsdue to the arehighshownpercentagefor eachof duplifam- By Tracy Y. Cannon, Chairman,

Tn view of the looseness with which the cations in records from this area. General Music Committee

directors of of the GeneaThe board is term "relative"in used by some Some Pertinent Questions officially logical Society expressed have sheets, making out family group the their of disapproval adopted methods rules following have been adopted this is lesson build to proposed Tt gathering of Church some members by the of directors board the of by Geneathe reasons discussion of a around all their similar surof or names own logical for Society the issued are and in of the for sacrament the music use relocality, or from any book names all of Saints guidance research doing devotional meetings other meeting and of these are gardless of whether names temple work.and contribumusical the of Church. Each their to family, or belonging those own

rules inset the services the of temples of should to tion the permit The up locality the immediate taken from were dividuals to their then, for temple separately as a discussed do and work be to their ancestors were known where it let only. topic, kindred blood are not concluding be Theyown shown how in future canresided. names Such have

permitted to do temple work for not be accepted at the index office. each item of the musical setting contribis their lineage, that service or unified outside "friends"those to musical utes a to always should endeavor Members

special entireexcept logical beautiful. permission the of by and both The pedigree, obtain their trace and own

historian recorder. particiguild the of shouldChurch membership and their families they of so names own

in Individuals the the direcdiscussion entitled are under pate to temple do sealing. linked properly up be by may

for tion wellqualified family the teacher. of awork of groups of any in to requested more no are send You

(i.e.,their questions progenitors following supbe direct ancestors) The may families, from royal any of records

and also for any families proved to be country. Virtually every eligible memplemented by others in the direction of

descended from any of their progeniber of every royal family has already the discussion:

tors. However, if there are direct debeen officiated for, and frequently a I. Church Going

collateralscendants of these relatives to church you go number of times. 1. Whenin the active in Church temple and to of expect get out it—in whatother dowords,youwork, in any should close work done be to church? do go you why

feel present that the arrangeof the sacrament conductcooperation with such direct descendIngenious Genealogical 2. Domentyouand

person in genealogical research ants.A

wisely gather the imDevice meetingfor goingservicesto church?satisfiedIf not,yourwhyreasonnot? names frommay

mediate localities where his ancestors "Vou may be interested to know of a If it does, give reasons.

actually resided for the purpose of later plan we have in operation to get the II The Preliminary Organ Music working out definite ancestral connecmembers of the ward to do their genea- 1. Does the preliminary organ music contions. However, these connections logical work and to get their personal tribute to your spiritual uplift? If not,

should be accurately worked out and records up to date. There was not time why not? If it does, give reasons why

the names arranged just as far as posin the genealogical class period in Sunand how.

sible in complete family groups before day School for the members to do any 2. Do you have quiet and good order durthe temple work is begun. Lineal conrecord keeping, and there were a numing this part of the services?

If there is noise confusion, and what this 3.nection the heir of to of people to do those wanted ber who names

specific things can be done to overcome in the class. in not Theshould determined case posbe every were work who

it? sible, got superintendency relationship the exact of and the School Sunday to- 4. of conception is your the type What Sunto clerk and theheir given with gether the names the ward upon shown of music preliminary to be used as

family group sheets, before these are day School enlistment manager and music? Give reasons for your prefersent to the temple. worked out the following plan which ence. If practical, have an organist play

Where this exact relationship cannot we have been carrying out for the last examples of the right and the wrong be given but the dead are known to be three months. kinds of devotional music.

directly connected by lineage with the The enlistment manager and the ward III. Sacramental Music

heir and to belong to the family group clerk and a capable genealogical work- 1. Give your conception of the type of

of one of his progenitors, or to the famer and a member of the Sunday School music best suited for use as sacramental ily group of one of the descendants of superintendency have met at a home music.

any one of his progenitors, the term where the genealogical worker has in- 2. Why should this music be played on

"relative"may be used. If the surname vited three or four other families. The the organ?

on one of the heir's ancestral lines is an meeting is under the supervision of the {Concluded on opposite page) unusual and uncommon one, and it is superintendent. When the opening exreasonably certain that all bearers of ercises are over and the purpose of the

that surname are descended from a commeetings is explained the departments record sheets and family record sheets mon ancestor, ordinances may be adbegin their work. along shows the rest how to get their

ministered for those of this surname as One family is invited to check its recimmediate record in convenient form.

"relatives."Or again, if bearers of one ords with the ward records. This has This is the beginning of their genealogiof his surnames resided in the same imrevealed some very astonishing facts. cal work.

mediate locality as known ancestors of One sister who was under the impresThe enlistment manager during this the heir who bore that surname, and sion that her records were all lost, found time is completing his files and encourevidences are at hand to indicate that her record intact in the ward records. aging every one to attend Sunday

these are descendants of one of his She was very happy about that. No School.progenitors even though the exact relafamily's record has been complete so We have completed half the ward by

tionship cannot at present be given, then far. Some families had the older chilholding two meetings a week. Each

work may be done for these under the dren's record but not the younger. committee has two assistants, so no one

designation of "relative."Many priesthood holders were able to has more than one meeting a week.

In no other cases should the term get their records from the ward records. (From S. Voy Fairbanks, Weiser,

"relative"be used in temple work. While this is going on, the genealogiIdaho, in letter dated September 11,

Names assembled from New England cal worker who has brought individual 1944.)

780 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Music (Concluded from opposite page) Ujovitk 3. Organists, ask yourselves, but do not

answer except to yourselves, this question: "Am I performing the right kind

of organ music, to the very best of my ability?"If the answer is "no,"seek selfimprovement. If the answer is OF TODAY-

"yes,"seek still further improvement.

IV. Congregational Singing

1. Give reasons for having congregational singing and state its contribution to the Church membership. an

2. Discuss the type of congregational

songs you like best. Is it the "gospel

song,"the Sunday School song, or the solid, Give reasons pure hymns? for OF TOMORROW

(Note: your preferences. The general music committee would welcome a

response to this question, especially if the number preferring each type of song were given.) than one hundred years ago, By 3. Discuss specific things that can be done MoreJoseph Smith gave to the world

to improve congregational singing in what is known as the "Word of DR. DAVID S.

ward. your Doctrine in the 89 Wisdom"—Section WardV. The the time Covenants. At it was MURDOCK Choir and

1. What is the value of a choir to a ward? given, it was not a commandment, but a

its for success. that factors 2. make Name in the affairs used to be advice of word

If in these is lacking 3. your ward Since the Church. of the members "sucof

to cess factors"overwhat do can you the as of time, that Wisdom the Word "lack"? your come

4. If you do not have a ward choir, decide "will of the Lord"has been accepted as

right now to go to your bishopric with having the force of a direct command- a wellworked-out plan for the imment.

mediate organization of one. Will you In that great document, the Lord

doit? found wonderful a makes promise—one ServiceVI. Musical Complete The in else who nowhere are young, literature—those especially we tem, when we

1. of variservices the musical your Can their in health receive "shall obey physicalspiritually, ourselves destroy improved? meetings be ous ward their bones."to If navel and marrow ourselves In ly, morally, weaken and we so, specific, constructive how? Give promised been have they words, other the foundaeconomically. wreck We answers. healthy, will strong and be that they build to our tion hope which upon we is all It these to the answers hoped of keynote the full blood, red pure of tomorrow. of So Achievement Temple positive, helpfulquestions been have the proper that take can be should that live the you today health—blood man will that of nature such they a conand varito the oxygen of and food supply place his to take will able be tomorrowtribute general the to of improvement tissues the body. of organs and ous his generation. leaders of the among in services meeting. musicthe your ward

tobe of will you man What kind heritage let you, ask what Then, me fill with body your if you t -fr- m morrow sons for and leave to your are you only us examine Let today? poisons will clean and mind daughters? body AMutual Messages in habit: the cigaret found poisons the life. constructive Far bring clean and a

the Mission, Argentine Sessions is deadly Rex most the second NicotineFrom is hand, son at near your or away, this Paul of report and send sucRovira it is colorless and yet poison known, life, his turn. his very His awaiting in Mutual:cess Its detect. the to difficult for layman in his hands. Will your soul are power, genuine pleasure send a "With you we is tobacco. source poisonous unspoiled his brain by a first be of thereport missionwide youth convention held in the Argentine Mission. It Carbon Monoxide, a very poisonous dissipation, a mind trained to think and

was attended by youth coming from al! parts gas formed in the smoke of the cigaret act, a nervous system that is steady

to republic the of Argentinaof Aires Buenos a blue, leaving corpuscles, kills the red helpless, there stands true? and He

into the to activities various enterto and instead thin, of a rich, sickly blood for prepare to see red waiting you what spirit that the is present wonderfulenjoy is of convulsions and a cause blood, and let as a man him come Will him. you of the the unite youth Church underwhen ailments. other ruin will time, his or of you men among direction.the Church's

"The three days were filled with activiHydrocyanic acid, or prussic acid, is his inheritance before he has even had ties: A missionwide basketball tournament, a deadly poison. Sometimes merely inan opportunity to accept of it? This

the first to be held in the mission; an open haling the vapor of this acid will give is the problem of our youth today

air talent show, demonstrating the abunrise to serious illness and may cause (which unfortunately includes some in talents of outstanding our youthdance ). In reconthe fathers softens and acid the delicate mothers This

films a special Brigdeath. of the showinggroup;

will need struction world, of the cells of the reproductive other we brain and Salt and Lake, of The Miracleham Young and a tour of Buenos Aires, especially for system. All three are present in cigaret our best crop of men and women. And

those coming to the capital city for the first smoking. our youth today will produce them if

time. These functions were culminated with There are still more poisons in this they are to be produced.

fine leaving banquet very Sunand dance,a little ruin the stomfriendly weapon that Youth religious the to Today:—What completely devotedday

kill heart, the the appetite, acach, weaken to the sage Man of Tomorrow?is your mesAretivities of the convention. Schools Sunday

were held throughout the capital presenting endanger eyesight, injure the hearing, you brave enough to accept a challenge?

appropriate youth programs. Sunday afterand weaken the nervous system. We Then, here it is: "That I may be strong

noon a most inspirational youth testimony cannot take poisons into our bodies in body, mind, and heart: I will, God

meeting was held. A fitting termination of without injuring them, and we cannot helping me, abstain from the use of

in the special given Sunthe convention was systems into our take cigaret smoke things, and harmful other tobacco and treating, in night story and programday into poisons these introducing for I will tomorrow, myself prepare lives of without the large chorus, youthmusic by a them. full children the I will give and my bearers, Smith, standardour chosen Joseph

Brigham Young, and Heber J. Grant...."By introducing poisons into our syspower of their heritage."

DECEMBER, 1944 781 a

.Books

JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET have been fortunate enough to receive and ( Preston Nibley. Deseret News Press, Salt to read a copy, the drama of sugar in genunforgettable meaning. taken on Fred G. history of the "life and compendious

the associated author, has been most is Taylor, Smith A new edition of LakeThislabors"City. 1944. 572 pages. $3.00.) eral, and in the West, in particular, has of the Prophet Joseph

a successful attempt to recount every reof his adult years with some of the many of varied industry the phases from sugar of imporevent circumstance corded and seeds to to beets processing marketing, to life as the the in of largely Prophet, tance all in their delicate complibalances of and the published in History found Documentary is cations. qualified peculiarly temby He Gospel the author's addition, In the Church. of

gifts, to perament, have background and tell the of story continuous words one own this story, written to the which goes back life these experiences Smith; of but Joseph

for of search beginnings man's and known fortified reliable are numerand made by refined the strugof sugar. of story use The quotations, page, almost every ous from on

gles, disappointments, the the heartaches,Standards is sources. authoritative there Moreover,

finally, of the and, sugar success beet producinteresting the in material not book some President it all Heber J. Grant elethe by in of tion in the has West, easily available elsewhere; a and many true. fiction of being ments and

clear, the reveals author drama—yet wise comment by Wilford Taylor, Young, Brigham John

fully the of the deep Prophmeaning more read book Morris, Elias Grant, Heber Woodruff, A J. to own—to et's earth. sojourn on Stayner, Philip TruArthur Mare, de La

fullpage pictures four book includes The great vigorother and Angel, and many man—to send away. of the Prophet. index is also prothis A good in performthe stage walk ous figures

vided. ance of trials and triumphs. With the readof this The reading new biography of ing o/ Sugar, a common now of A Saga

Smith declares the majestic, Joseph again takes meanhousehold on commodity new dominant power from heaven possessed by ing. Our congratulations to Fred G. Taylor,

the "Prophet of the Latterdays,"the man and to those who supported and encouraged called by God to restore the light of truth and assisted him in the writing and publishto a world in darkness. ing of this volume. R. L. E.

The volume, because of its wealth of detail, which makes it in effect also a history FIFTY YEARS A RANCHER of the Church to the martyrdom of Joseph (Charles Collins Teague. Ward Ritchie

and Hyrum Smith, may become in many Press, Los Angeles, California.

households, a useful work of reference. That 1944. 199 pages.)

require of contents, a table would which to citrus lifetime devoted of a STORY is absent. of California, industries walnut and now A history is dedicated to the This author's cooperative the movement founding and to parents, Charles W. and Ellen Ricks Nibin agriculture, has intense interest for all

ley, notable persons in their own right; and who are devoted to the arts of agriculture.

they rejoice to know, we may be certain, That which was done for the citrus and that the love they bore the Prophet in their walnut industries has been and may be done lives, lives and burns in the heart of their for the production of other intensive crops.

son, even to impel him to undertake the Dr. Teague himself has been a man of great

arduous toil represented by this volume. service in his day and generation; and the

is to tells his life that of an incentive W. story Here is a gift that will live—/. A of the days use to reader, good every make

the Lord has given him.—/. A, W. as a reminder of the giver JOSEPHAs He LivesTHEin thePROPHET:Hearts of His People

as long as good books are ( Dr. Daryl Chase. Deseret Book Company, LITERATURE IN AMERICAN

cherished. Salt Lake City. 1944. 179 pages. $1.50.) EDUCATION

This small and worthy volume is not a (Prepared for the Modern Language AssoHere is a book that conbiography; it is not a history; it is not a ciation of America by a Special Committee

in Education. Trends its Commission on it conof doctrine—although

Pratt Free Published Enoch by the of all three. It could tains the essence of the life dissertationtains some elementson

teachings of the President perhaps be called "an evaluation"of Joseph Library of Baltimore, 1944.)

its his the work, Prophet and Smith librarian, the of L. Wheeler, of message the efJoseph Church—a his fect contemporaries, our on on andday—and, his in Library, exPratt Free Enoch of generato our times our future. brief colorful In five the and and on "... statethis states: timely note planatory

it sections, picgives welldocumented a tion. to call cleave to as a clarifying comes ment to the reture of Prophet "as he wished be

$2.25 a copy membered,"restorer amongas "anthe inspirer'restorationists,'of men,""asas "aa theto reading,'Things theof firstthe Mind,'of the to'Threegive R's,'attentionas a

Available at bookdealers contributora witness ofto"man's"the goodhope society,"of immortality."and as sympatheticbroadening study,understandingand to ofrealizehumanthatnaturethe

everywhere The work places the Prophet among the and character upon which the happiness of prophets of all time, and evaluates him and the individual so gready depends, grows

An "Improvement Era"his contribution in his own century and mightily through the reading of good books."

Publication setting. This book is directed to a specific Truly it seems that nowadays, in the rush

and limited purpose, and in the accomfor a practical education, leisure for study plishment of that purpose it does more for of good books should be provided in our reader extended the average could than an titled section schools. one The committee

It is history. faithpromoting, or curricureport, the of hobbylobby "The for (Note: "In ask Also stimulating. the Gospel biographyenlightening, and L. E. R. recent in that in they indicate lum,"which Dr. Net"A. John Widtsoe—by

of activity, of kind bustling some years a SUGAR OF SAGA A life stirring, value, educational genuine has no Taylor. Published (Fred G. by UtahIdaho which fiction ing than narrative,—Giftmorecopiesthrill-—had. Also formerly has supplanted what Salt we City. 1944. Co., Sugar Lake

$1.25 each.) 234 pages. Illustrated.) in this section, emphasis is laid on the unchiefly of dealing with contemwisdom distribupublished for private book, This

Arnold's porary letters. Matthew tion, placed has had no price upon it,* * * * * * * * and is not offered for sale. But to those who of letters is cited, in which he statesdefense"four

782 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA LOVE AND MARRIAGE IN to the greatest number the cry, "RighteousBook WARTIME AND AFTER ness first,"will have the deepest significance,

Hill. Press, since, (Dr. states, Associated 347 Dr. cannot Fosdick as Reuben "We to the building ofpowers go up human

if for 17, Avenue, get put York Madison America what we want we New life: the of the conduct, power inof power first; else 34 10c. pages.) something must put N.Y. America we

tellect and the knowledge, of beauty, power first, first: decent Righteousness a world this litde of the important pamphlet one the lifeand of social IN power and manners. all reign established order, of an law among is interestingly of the problems and day,".. all for has four; needMan the justice for nations, organized And and mankind Hill, discussed well of Dr. Reuben by now

enlargescommittee Arnold's point on of peace."view College. State suggestions Ohio made The

by stating that literature enlarges the life may help many who find themselves perDr. Fosdick offers encouragement to all

of beings human made by enlarging their experiif we have to good in fourence plexed in this difficult day.—/. A. W. mistakesof us by wesayingcan putthatourevenweaknesses ways: under- (1) in human

of them. repented have we Hestanding; of other countries; (2) OF TREASURY use—after (3) in A MODERN

tells that believe in us must moreover wequality; SELLERS BEST the past. of and (4) study The

is that miracles, Christianity not form and a in the authors'(Abridged words by ownthen to proceeds analyze each experience.

will that section prove but a force. One editors the of Schuster, Omnibook. Simon & final the is plea thatAnd hold we humane is titled, interest great of the sermon 1944. pages. "Why York. 620 $3.50.) Newletters in the if curriculum are to have we Is Silent Evil every For While Rages?"God in there ever wasfree A in free a men bargain—if democracy. one—for "Human is there of something cheer reader and much this in ** authors'are the condensed bookliberty depends charters not instituon and of of these challenge one from sermons by in ten inaddition to novels words an owntions It alone. depends on the memory and the of celebrated day. preachers our most Prescott, Orville troduction of the by Newancient heritage of the men, on voice of that /. C.—M. of the are books Times. nonYork Some

confederation,humane scattered through titles fiction, significant including as such WAR'S AFTER END AND lands through ages, andmany which many Thirty Seconds Tokyo, World, Chevalier. Over (Stuart One Macmillan.

it is the business of literature to make Between the Thunder and the Sun, and God 337 pages. $2.75.)

known."Is My Copilot, Fiction titles include The informal discussion of the problems

Miss, King's Junior Comedy, Human Row, it is This brochure, AN will hoped, its find of those including world, of postwar a

Mrs. Teeth, Cugat, Dragon's and Mr. and to the desks ofway educators is planning It the stimureligion. education, science, and

Centennial Summer.curricula for the countless lating thousands A. of W. in cutreading.—/. exceptional does Omnibook workschools throughout the moreworld—and ting fulllength shorter into ones. novels OF MACMILLAN HOUSE THE it is,over, too, hoped fervendy that these naturally Soldiers are kept busy very who (18431943) willeducators the heed message restore and it find difficult fullsized to carry and books Macmillan (Charles Morgan. Company, letters, of studya that so mankind as this a with a found them have magazine pages. 248 York. $3.00.) New profitwhole the from great may thoughts their particularly one, well suited to happy for his novels, noted Morgan, Charles feelingsand of those written their desires. have who needs C. and M. J.

different of type undertaken has a workreactions to the in world lived they which rise publishing this of in the of story a greatand moved. C. M. J. BE ALIVE TIME A GREAT TO this the writing into of house. go Yet book

Fosdick. (Harry Emerson discharacteristics that of the have Harper and many GOBITHE DESERT Brothers, 1944. York. New ficof writer tinguished as a Mr. Morgan (Mildred Cable with Francisca French. pages. 235 $2.00.) is industry, the protagonist an tion. WhileMacmillan Co. pages. 303 $3.50.)

A most excellent story of conditions of Containingthe exceptiontwentyof one,sermonshave which,been givenwith stitutionthe treatmentthroughpersonalizesideals of thisthe greatfoundersin- ** the famous desert and the people who since Pearl Harbor, and have as their unifywhich were to help disseminate knowledge live there. Full of lessons to us of a modern ing theme the present situation. Each serand increase genuine faith.

desert. Well illustrated.—/. A W. mon has some special message, but probably (Concluded on page 784)

DECEMBER, 1944 783.

easy manner. The book is well worth read-

6*v... Book; ing, aside from its avowed purpose, as a

(Concluded from page 783) popularIn our treatiseage, oftenon thecarelesswondersof theof nature.richer,

in Since events are lives the bound life, things of nobler of such books should be i1 Mr. the lays for background Morgan ifHISf men, A. (MS W. his in welcomed.—/. the the of book brothbiography two

lllfp ers, Daniel Alexander and Macmillan, IN PARTNER THREE WORLDS little forreceived Scotchmen but had who ( Dorothy Duncan. Harper & Bros., New their mal education father since died had llli'i 1944. York. pages. 340 $2.75.)

five, they ten respectively were when and is this reading writbiography P\ramatic all in left children. and had twelve tlnw *- ten in the autobiographical manner, into the li&rM It S$n r \ the of pages walk, And book with thereby gaining intensity veracity. and all the diffidence of writers, beginning

parents teachers, life For early the and of albeit young Hardy, Thomas shy extremely little the will Rieger, boy, a prove Jan joy gifted; Carroll, Lewis creative always and

lesson, for a will and they see the unwhat different; Morley; John James; Henry and

folding of the child finds mind most imporother many Englishmen well as as many tant. poets, the For writing of will the book authors joined American the publishwho

ing house when Macmillan's expanded to proveauthor awritesdelightpoetryand anratherexample,than prosefor the America.

it is in although prose form. students For Moreover, to good advice those who of affairs, world the will a be stimulus, book

is would market to this in books be found for is the protagonist title the states, as all, all in book. And, interested everyone in in "partner three the worlds": of world literature will in interested be this reading AustriaHungary, Czechoslovakia, and fascinating story the of development of a America. C. M. J. great publishing house. C. /. M.

EUROPE'S CHILDREN (Therese Bonney. Duell. Sloan & Pearce,

Inc., New York. 1943. $3.00.) Editorial:

HTherese Bonney, Americanborn, Ameri- (Concluded from page 768) * can and European educated correspondlive the principles of Christianity durof the photographer, and has one madeWhat Did ent this ing season, Christmas graphic contributions to most important and tion will be ironical indeed. theWecelebramust the literature of the to of the and war peace

follow the war. Taking the children of learn to live the principles and practiceJoseph Smith starving Europe, she shows, by tragic picthe virtues of Christianity to prove that

tures, the present generation. The book was Christ's life was meaningful and that

public couldn't and wouldn't take it... it nations. establish peace And we must

too real, too devastating."say?—wasturned down by publishers who felt that "the this war should be won by Christian in hearts, love in our own of mankind

"You do not know who sageButmustTheresereach Bonneymore peopleknew thanthat sheher couldmesgoodour ownwillnatures,are everif peaceto comeandtoloveall andnaat reach Hall. a lecture even in Carnegie So tions.—M. C. /. privately edition, printed a limited which

sold immediately, out even almost I am?".. shewas

(Page 121 "The Gospel Kingdom,"John Taylor.) though it had no advertising to foster its

sale. The new edition includes all the origBetween the covers of this inal plates and several new photographs, and Melchizedek Priesthood

in addition is bound in hard covers. story the (Concluded marvelous from page 776) book is

to deserves be considered book The personal, confidential seriThe interview of the story of Joseph action. back with immediate ously a view to

presidencies. be made by quorum M. C. J. should Smith—the Latter Day that It is suggested only one member of

SIMONE is presidency "the Prophet. interview any Here quorum who"

Viking (Leon Feuchtwanger. It is believed that Press, New themember. if the work of all of his and "the why"$2.50.) 1944. 238 pages. York. is divided of between members

unique claims you have Fifteenyear-old Simone Planchard had presidency it can be done without theunin the been awaiting and need to fate theworserarethancouragedeath,thatincarcerationmade her facein thea duecase burdenof highto anyone.priests, However,where quorum

derived illreputed she That House. know. Grey is large, the unusually membership quothe indomitable her of from courage much this only, presidency for year rum may, will to the strange of not seem Arc EDITION Joan SEND FOR THE NEW call tactful leaders on wise and group artistry the admiring help cannot reader who DID. YOU'LLNOW. BE GLAD YOU to assist personal interviews with under the the of story author with which weaves

THE IDEAL XMAS GIFT FOR EVJoan and Simone into a unity. the direction of the presidency.

in to indicate serves novel This a way Confidential report Annual The new ERY LATTERDAY SAINT.

history dramatic which can and at be made is a simple report onepage to be and is (CUT HERE AND MAIL TODAY) the same time meaningful.—M. C. /. filled in promptly and completely at the

EARL W. HARMEH, Publisher MAN DOES NOT STAND ALONE end of the year. Full instructions will

945 So. 7th East. Salt Lake City 4, Utah (A. Cressy Morrison. Fleming H. Revell be attached to the report forms which

Please send the books checked below Co. 107 pages. $1.25.) should be mailed, when completed, to postpaid.

God's Covenant Race $2.00 This is a book with a purpose—to build the Melchizedek Priesthood committee

By fames H. Anderson faith in God in the hearts of men. It is of the Council of the Twelve, 47 East

of the Story $2.00 Pioneers The Mormon all that of nature prove Street, Salt an South Lake City, Temple argument—to By Mabel Harmer testifies of the existence of God. The work Utah.

Valiant $3.00 One Was Who D that reader, well every is done so whatever the life job is to complete immediate (The The of Brigham Young) home

is, in or ignoradmit, take refuge must Clarissa By Spencer he Young survey, using to rough forms on which is that the ance, universe of one and law records for temporary summarizaor make enclosed Check money order order, ruled therefore out, with chance and

C.O.D. report. Send the After annual study tion on intelligence. of product a

Name It is a most readable, interesting volume. and analysis by the Council of the

rethese Confidential Twelve, Annual scientific multitude surprisof facts, often A Address will part of the permanent become the ing person, even to wellinformed have ports Your orders will receive prompt attention been collected and are presented in a simple, records of the Church.

784 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Erratic driving proves so inefficient in Wartime that it's no longer favored any of the time.

Deftness is the style in motoring. Tactics like

swooping in and out of line seem wasted, when the little coupe—from miles behind—presently shows

up anyway in the "thrilldriver's"mirror.

That's skill—making a steady good average; not

leaping and bounding to make it up. You'll show

still greater regard for dutiful mechanism by having your engine oilplated—internally surfaced to resist corrosion by the unavoidable acids

of combustion.

Changing to Conoco N*h motor oil will automatically give you an oilplated engine. Costly

pioneer research created the special Conoco Nth ingredient that gives this popularpriced oil its magnetlike action. And that's what joins oilplating to inner engine surfaces, as if to stay.

Acids stay too, these days—infesting every cylinder in unreasonable quantities. Former chances

of ousting corrosive acids are decreased these days by low engine temperatures—longer stretches of

standing cold—mileage limitations of any kind.

But you can keep your engine's fine inner finish under cover of protective oilplating—resisting

corrosion! Just change to Conoco Nh motor oil at

Your Mileage Merchant's. Continental Oil Co.

MOTOR OIL sam

DECEMBER, 1944 785 The Church Moves On FIE FOODS TO FEATUREFINE FOODS TO BUY! (Continued from page 779)

just naturally foods to please it takes have what Some the from Temple Square. The program, of people. majority Puddings, Royal Gelatins, Royal Royal

Baking Powder and Fleischmann's Foil Yeast rate high in now in its sixteenth year, is thought to popularity because they're superb in quality and goodness. be the oldest sustaining broadcast on

These Standard Brands Products are fine foods to feature the air.

... fine foods to buy.

FLEISCHMANN'S FOIL YEAST Genealogical Society

V-8 VEGETABLE JUICES TV fter fifty years of existence as the

ROYAL GELATIN DESSERTS Genealogical Society of Utah, that ROYAL BAKING POWDER organization has become the GenealogiSALAD GELATIN ROYAL

ROYAL PUDDINGS cal Society of the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints, with the termination of the old charter of incorporation.

Steps have been taken to give the organization legal life for another hundred years. Paid memberships will not be

required henceforth of patrons using the library and other facilities of the organization.

The society was formed at the Standard Brands Incorporated City,ChurchNovemberHistorian's13, Office,1894, andSalt incorLake porated a week later under the laws of the Territory of Utah. The thirteen

original members were soon to boast a library of about one hundred volumes.

By November 1, 1944, the society had issued 8,421 life memberships, 18,491 memberships, some and had (hi. QjudtJdandinj annual together in the library, 27,696 volumes

manuscripts and 3,339 vol- 1,078 with Sdfwot on microfilms. umes

Elder Benson complete For of the "Older Benson Taft Ezra for or a brief businessreview—andtrainingfor has become of the Council Twelve

your first contacts with the busisecond vicechairman of the American ness world—attend the L. D. S. Institute of Cooperation, it was anBusiness College. nounced in the October issue of Cooperative Digest, magazine of agricultural

Fully accredited and equipped cooperation. The twentyyear-old into train returning veterans unstitute is to acquaint cooperative memder the "G.I. Bill of Rights."bers and the general public with the

A card or telephone call will bring principles and purposes of farmer coinformation. operation.

Servicemen's Supervisor L. D. S. "RTfoRGAN Pitcher, a former bishop "* the Calgary Ward, Lethbridgeof

Stake, has been appointed as a superBUSINESS COLLEGE visor for L.D.S. servicemen in the

70 North Main Street Western Canadian Mission. Among

Salt Lake City 1, Utah the Latterday Saints in uniform in this area are Canadians, New Zealanders,

Australians, British, and Americans.

These men are being organized into study groups and M.I.A. organizations.

Welfare Project A Light in the Storm... f\NE agriculturalof the largestprojectsChurchfor 1944welfarehas

been the eighthundred-acre crop of MUSIC! as of Nephi, Utah, ten miles west wheat

carry large stocks of music suitable forCONSTANCY We elders Stake and its a project of Juab churches, schools and home use, arranged for quorums. The grain was grown on the

solos, choirs, instrumental vocal and bands and AMID given CHANGE which was Farm"Valley "Dog in specialize S. orchestras. L. D. Church E. We ALBERT By BOWEN in 1936 welfare program the to Church

to matesuggestions us for Write and for is fresh seekers music. Grant. courage Mere President Heber by J.

rial available. after righteousness a weapon...

against the enemies of truth.

Dealers in Steinway and Lester pianos, band Talmage Library instruments, and orchestra $2.00, Price the late library of personal James talking machines, HPhe

postpaid supplies. records and musicians'the of Council of the "* E. Talmage

of the the property become has Twelve CompanyThe B00KCRAFT University, Prove Brigham Young 18 Street Richards in fifteen volumes hundred the Many of DAYNES MUSIC CO. Salt City Lake 1, Utah

47 So. Main St. Salt Lake City 1 the collection are rare books.

786 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Church Moves On Memorial Presented to the First Presidency * with the understanding that it would be properly preserved in the historian's library, this document, given to a sea captain by a group of grateful Mormon emigrants, came from Mrs. Fred H.

Lord, of Bath, Maine, granddaughter of the captain: REXBURG STAKE PILGRIMAGE TO LOGAN TEMPLE

use of your cabin; you have mingled with

MEMORIAL, presented to Mr. Charles us in prayer, mourned with us when we have

Owen, Captain of the Ship Elvina Owen, by mourned, and rejoiced when we have reMarion D. Day, David A. Harris, and

upwards of Three Hundred Latterday joiced. Ralph S. Cannon. The names and

Saints, sailed Liverpool, from who board on things are appreciated All these duly by thirtyfour of priesthood one hundred the vessel, said 15th February arrived and separate, us, to that about are and we now in the roll book. are recorded members Orleans,at their to the on Valley New way [of] this side again probably to meet not

of the Great Salt Lake, March 23, 1853. eternity, we pray God our Eternal Father, Japanese Missionaries

let his blessings with wheresoever you goCaptain Owen, to Elders JapaneseAmericans, ""Pwo abide go, wheresoever with and you youDear Sir: * Tomosue Abo and Ralph Noboru last to sit abide, at bring and you you

Permit us, the representatives of the above down with us in the habitations of the just, Shino, both born in the Hawaiian Isnamed company, to present to you this exthere to dwell forever. Amen. lands, have been set apart as missionpression of the grateful feelings of our in full aries the to serve Mission the Japanese behalf, with Signed and on hearts, for the of marks kindness many this the said of approbation Islands. company are the the Hawaiian on They us, toshewn during our passage the across 1853. of 23rd March, A.D. day first to their the mission of race fromAtlantic Ocean. truly have acted the You

part of a man and a Christian towards us. Joseph W. Young, President serve in the Islands.

MlDGLEY, ONATHAN call the we to mindWhen beneliberal and Counselors Seagull Monument Pool Picton, spiritvolent you manifested have to all on James board (but more especially to the sick), and John R. Winder, Secretary f\NE hundred twenty young rainbow

that every comfort afforded by your noble Henry Pugh *"'trout have been placed in the pool ship, has at their been that command; when Salt Seagull the beneath on monument School Sundayloathsome disease (smallpox) its had made replacing goldSquare, Lake's Temple

inappearance our midst feared you not office the of Deseret Sunday to HPhe fish formerly. Several that there were act the part of the Samaritan, the Good minthe has received * School Union seagulls deyears ago modernday affectionswarmest of hearts are our drawn orutes of School which a Sunday was for the brightly colappetite an velopedout towards you.

When we have held our religious meetganized on New Caledonia, Septemored fish that then inhabited the pond ings, you have spared no trouble in making ber 12, 1943, under the direction of and soon had them cleaned out.

us comfortable, even to giving us the entire Frank A. Nicoll, Archer R. Clayton, (Continued on page 788)

GIVE WARMTH AND

COMFORT FOR XMAS "WAVE"BLANKETS

This luxuriously napped "Wave"blanket is as soft as velvet, like all "North Stars"it is famous for its beauty, its sleeping comfort. Made of pure fleece wool in Monte blue, green,

rose pink or rose dust. 72x84 17.95

"SPRING MAID"SHEETS 90x108 2.25 72x108 1.98

81x108 2.10 oe 189QO 81x99 1.98 TO72x"

MAIL THIS COUPON ZCMI SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH PLFASE SEND ME THE FOLLOWING ITEMS:

ITEM COLOR SIZE

j

ii | Name.. ZCMISalt Lake City

Address Use a Charge Account Residents of Utah add 2% Sales Tax

DECEMBER, T944 787 The Church Moves On See what's (Continued from page 787) happened President Smith V

Smith Albert George President of f toMLK!

has been of the Twelve * the Council reelected as a vice president general of the Sons of the American Revolution.

He has been a national officer of the

S.A.R. for more than a decade.

Missionaries Released a"J AUGUST California: Serge Bailiff Benson. Logan, Utah; Linda

Nelson Benson, Logan, Utah.

Canadian: Reed Avard Toone, Claresholm, Alta,

Canada. Central States: Edwin Crosby Bliss, Salt Lake City, Children "go for"

Utah: Katherine Tuttle, Springvllle, Utah. East Central States: Lyman Smith Wiser, Lewiston, tempting rennetcustards

Utah.

Hawaiian: Dwayne Nelson Anderson, Brigham City, And no wonder! Pretty colors, mouthCity, LaMont Utah; Salt Lake Eskelson, Randall Utah; flavors, watering lots of gay, tasty topNebeker, Melvin Salina, Utah; Wiley Hunt, Christen pings rennetcustards make surprise a Utah; Provo, Taylor, Noel Madsen Oregon; LaGrande,

treat every time serve you them. WilUtah; Lawrence Smithfleld, And Clair Weeks, David

liam Bird. Salt Lake City, Utah. it's so easy to make milk into these

LaVaun Pacific): Edward Central (now Japanese eggless, noncooked custards Hawaii. Honolulu, Clissold, rennet enzyme makes City, the milk...morethe Little Salt Lake Jacobsen, Willis Mexican:

Utah. readily digestible too.

Ogden, Brian Lake Taylor, New England: Utah; "Junket"Idaho; Preston, June Johnson, all grocers: Nelson, Elmo Spencer

Already sweetened. Rennet Powder—Six favoriteAtflavors. Holden, Utah.

Salt Paul Cracroft, States: Ralph Central North Vanilla Chocolate Lemon

Flagstaff, Cameron, Utah; City, Jereld Henrie ake Orange Raspberry Maple

Arizona.

Salt James Glenn, California: John Northern

Utah; Ogden, Hansen, City, Utah; Louis Alma Lake A...//—Not"Junket"sweetened.RennetAddTabletssugar,

Salt City, taste. to Lake Graham, 12 rennet Alexander Utah; **A flavortablets Estella Kaysville, Utah; in package; tabNance, each Anna Adolphus W.Stevenson

California. let makes 4 or 5 Angeles, rennetSpurrier, Los

Northwestern States: Lawrence Allred, Fairview, custard desserts or more than

Utah; Lynn B. Nelson, Ogden, Utah; Albert C. Nut- a pint of ice cream. At grotall, Provo, Utah; Charles LaVern Soelberg, Salt Lake cers and druggists.

City, Utah; Dean Porter Moser, Auburn, Wyoming;

Neal H. Sorensen, Venice, California; LeRoy J. Bott,

Jr., Salt Lake City, Utah.

Southern States: Charles Gilbert, Preston, Idaho;

Annie C. W. Gilbert, Preston, Idaho; Pearl Elizabeth

M. Boyce, Salt Lake City, Utah; Ira John Boyce, Salt

Lake City, Utah; Philetus Jones, Rockville, Utah;

Annie Laura S. Jones, Rockville, Utah.

I Fredrickson, Roosevelt, Grant American: Spanish

Raleigh Utah; Mearl Ogden, Utah; Dean Jones, Kay BEN MET Bair, Howell, Utah; Earl Garr Curtis, Richfield, Utah; Powder *

Paul Stanton Groneman, Provo, Utah; Dorus Eugene

Moore, Salt Lake City, Utah; Briant S. Woolley,

Santa Monica, California; Paul R. Stevens, Paris,

Orgill, Idaho; Douglas H. Kemmerer, Wyoming;

Afton, Stephen G. Hale, Wyoming; Reed M. Powell, makes Mli**% iMltD S,

Provo, Utah.

Texas: Keith Bagley, Greenwich, Utah; Volma W.

Heaton, Reno, Nevada; Wayne K. Wiscomb, Salt Lake

Fillmore, City, Utah. Utah; Grant Mace,

recipes* for delicious miikdesWartimeserts ice and aiso foldFnCCiCDCCi er. "Mother, creams;What About Diet?"'SEPTEMBER helpfulMy

'm ket Folks,"u "The president). (mission Barker, Argentine: Louis James

Inc., 712. Chr. Hansen's'J Laboratory, Dept. of mis- (wife Barker Salt City; Kate Olive Lake M.

Little Falls, [In Toronto. Y. Canada. N. sion Salt president). City; Eugene Amundsen, K. Lake

Ont.) Burt, City; Salt Glendale, Stanley Utah; Lake A.

diet Please children's recipes send free and California. Pratt, Larsen Gardena, McKay

folder. this paste postcard on (Just coupon Clark, Georgetown, California: Woodruff Wilford

address. your and and add name Idaho.

New England: Ted Louis Miller, Springville, Utah; )

Foley C. Richards, Salt Lake City; James LeVoy

Sorensen, Lincoln, California; Harold Pratt Sutherland, Salt Lake City; Sherman K. Fitzgerald, Ephraim,

Utah; John Junior Worley, Pocatello, Idaho; Merrill G.

Durfee, Aurora, Utah.

Northern California: Avonell Sorensen, Ruth, Nevada; Lydia Taylor Marchant Sorensen, Emery, Utah;

City; Frederick Salt Lake Hunter, Verna Wylene

Richan, American e Junior City; Keith Angel, Salt Lake

Fork, Utah: Allen Perry Thomas, Salt Lake City;

Doris Remola Nielsen, Salt Lake City; Helen Toler

Gunter; Robin, Idaho.

North Central States: Olive Parker, Draper, Utah.

(mission Desla S. Bennion States: Northwestern H. (rid... Edna Louise Washington; president), Spokane, TRAVW Bennion (wife of mission president), Spokane, WashBy DR. JOHN A WIDTSOE ington. PON'T

UNLESS burg,SpanishAmerican: Malcom C. Nichols, Jr., RexIdaho;WeldonVictor M.JohnHansen,Griffiths,Pocatello,Clarkston,Idaho.Utah; Colorful, quaint, inspiring... the story Texas:

Goates, Brent Lesley Utah; Murray, Pehrson, R. Kay

Salt Karpowitz, Lake B. City; Frank Salt Lake

ElkingRichfield, Utah; Fred William Warner. AasoiUTJ City; of a family—but typical of ten thousand. Idaho. Falls, ton, Idaho $1.25, Price

Venice, Carson, Brugger Lula Mrs. States: Western NECESSARY Janell postpaid Utah; Lindell, Sandy, Clarinda California; Molly

Edna Reeder, Corinne, Utah.

7<& ScettU o*Oc s4e**44 /4menie Western Canadian: Stanley Hales Conrad, Veradale,

Washington. The BOOKCRAFT Company

Street 18 Richards City 1. Utah Lake WESTERN PACIFIC Brazilian: Joseph RayOCTOBERAustin, Salt Lake City. Salt

California: Henry Wickley Gubler, LaVerkin, Utah;

Dorotha Fae Christensen, Prescott, Arizona; Joseph

788 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Church Moves On FredRedlandsKreutzerBranch,succeedsSanHansBernardinoRancie Porter,Stake,

Sylvester Pearce, Salt Lake City; Johannes Gerald deceased.Firestone Park Ward, South Los Angeles Utah. Erkelens, Ogden,

Alberta, Canadian: LeRay Raymond, J. Andersen, Stake, Harold E. Slack succeeds J. Evard

Harris, Alberta, Canada; Taber, Melvin Howard CanWelch. ada: Price, Phil Utah, Ebenezer Thayn,

Central States: Franklin Call, Afton, Wyoming. Darby Ward, Teton Stake, Arnold L.

Central Pacific: Morris Smith Bushman, Joseph Sorensen released.

City, Arizona; John Floyd Scott, Los Angeles, CaliDeseret Branch, Tooele Stake, David fornia.

Eastern States: Ferdinand E. Peterson, Salt Lake Henry Cannon succeeds John J. Skinner.

City; Bunker, Robert Vegas, Nevada. Lynn Las Rockville Ira Zion Park Stake, Ward,

Porter Bray, Central Eureka, Maria East Ballard. succeeds DeMill D. Waldon Eli Guy Bray. Utah; Lester Eureka. Utah; Thayas RayStates:

Hope, Rexburg. Idaho. Mt. Olympus Ward, Big Cottonwood

Salt Stanley Barnes, Hawaiian: Lake Edward James Stake,

City. Joseph Reese Baird succeeds Wehrli So Fresh D. Pack. Juarez, Farnsworth, Colonia H. Mexican: Dean

Chihuahua, Mexico; Loren LaSelle Taylor, Colonia Dragerton Branch, Carbon Stake, Allen

Dublan, Alleen Chihuahua, Mexico; Memmott, Colonia F. Miller Christensen. succeeds C. James So Smooth Dublan, Chihuahua, Mexico. Shore Stake, North Chicago Ward, MerFillmore, Cuthbert England: June Trimble, New

rill succeeds E. Boyce. Utah; Idaho. O. Maughan Kimberly, Junior Evera Morgan, Dan

Union, Central: Burgon, North Vance Edward Garfield Antimony Stake, Chester So Good/ Ward,

Utah. Allen succeeds F. Savage. Ward Call, Bountiful, California: Anson Northern John

Utah; LeRoy Nydegger, Salt Lake City. Flowell Ward, Millard Stake, Orin C.

Dille, States: Klinger Northwestern Wendell, Lewis Allen succeeds Christensen. C. Joseph

Richfield, Utah. Idaho; Zabriske, Orrel Mayo Branch, Mt. Lebanon Stake, WilGraham Stoddard, RichStates: William Southern John

mond, Utah; Nephi Perkins Mathews, Ogden, Utah; liam Crum succeeds Nathan Childers.

Utah; Malinda Steed Mathews, John Walter Ogden, Stake, Bert Oneida Clifton Ward, W.

Sealer, LaVerkin, Utah. succeeds E. Lawrence McDerLovell, Winward Asay, Earl Maurice Spanish'American:

Wyoming; Harold Call, Sparks, Nevada; George Wilmott.

liam Tripp, Tooele, Utah. Elmonte Stake, Fred S. Pasadena Ward,

Stephen Simmons, Texas: Andrew succeeds Thyrle E. Ellsworth. Charleston, Utah; Hatch Rupert, Idaho. Parker, David Fay

Western States: Ray Chapman, Sterling, Utah; Vanport Branch, Portland Stake, Warren

Sterling, Utah; Christensen Chapman, Mrs. Verl D. Farris T. Potter succeeds E. Maugham.

Bountiful, Leany, Clark. Utah; Gloria Wilford HurStake, ""0 Francisco San Ward, Redwood Utah. Roosevelt, ricane, Page, Utah; Joseph

James P. Johnson succeeds William Y.

Bishops, Presiding Elders Farnsworth.

Flagstaff FracJc Stake, Snowflake Ward, Stake, E. Chicago Shore Ward, ORANGE North Kenner. succeeds Robert Lee J. Randall succeeds Owen. Gordon Boyce Dan

First Stake, Evanston Woodruff Ward, Stake, Afton Lehi Valley Cedar Ward, SALAD S. succeeds Victor Ralph Matthew W. succeeds Chamberlain A. Harvey Demont

Dahl. Ashton. ONE OF DURKEES FAMOUS FOODS

Lajolla Branch, San Diego Stake, George Lindon Ward, Timpanogos Stake, Alroy

Q. Baird succeeds Warren Winthrope Gillman succeeds Jesse K. Thorne. 'pcunom fan tyfttZtioiity

Fitch, Jr. Pioneer Ward, Utah Stake, W. Frank 'il. SINCE 1 85,7

Afton North Ward, Star Valley Stake, Killpack succeeds William D. Norman.

E. Francis Winters succeeds Franklin R. Ontario Ward, Weiser Stake, Earl M.

Gardner. Winegar succeeds Douglas R. Phippen.

Osmond Ward, Star Valley Stake, Leslie Thurber Ward, Wayne Stake, Clifford

C. Erickson succeeds Leslie A. Harrison. Lee Mangum succeeds Reuben H. Meeks. A COMPARATIVE STUDY

Stake, Manilla Ward, Timpanogos succeeds Merrill N. Swenson Warnick K. New Branch Organized HIS MANY

Warnick. Parma Independent Branch, Weiser MANSIONS

Pleasant Grove First Ward, Timpanogos Stake, has been organized with W. By

Stake, Lewis F. Olpin succeeds Junius A. Lamont Hansen sustained as presiding elder. Rulon S. Howells

West. clear Presidencies Stake Pleasant Third Grove Ward, Timpanogos of the

succeeds Stake, Neil Y. Fugal Joseph S. Tn the Blaine Stake President William analysesbeliefs,... brief,histories,

Walker. organizations and counselors, Zera and A L. Adamson W. Stake, First Uintah Jesse Vernal Ward, Chrisof leading Kirkland, been have and Ruford Pond Calder. succeeds Austin Pontha Haws... tian churches susFerrin released L. Manwill and Alpine Fourth Fork. American Ward, library a choice president, E. with Robert as Adsucceeds Stake, A. Durrant Stewart John tained volume. as counPugmire and Emerson amson Pulley. W.

Douglas Ward, Bonneville Stake, Seth selors. Price $2.25

W. Pixton succeeds Eugene P. Watkins. In the Smithfield Stake, W. Hazen Postpaid

Columbia Branch, Carbon Stake, Taliesin Hillyard has been sustained as stake I

W. Evans succeeds George F. Larsen. president, succeeding A. Reed HalverStake, Ensign Twentieth North Ward, Co. The BOOKCRAFT of the president sen, recently named 18 Street Richards Smith. succeeds Eldred G. Cook Howard J.

Salt Mission. City 1, Utah Lake Zealand New First Stake, Union East Jordan Ward,

Please the send below: books checked the of Arthur President C. Brown Berrett L. Ericksucceeds Arthur Golden

$2.25 Mansions His Many Stake, succeeded has been by Millard son. S. Howells Rulon By

Mesa Second Ward, Maricopa Stake, President Preal George. The Gospel Kingdom $2.25

Taylor By John President Wilford Udell F. Mortensen succeeds Joseph O. Warnick W. the $3.00 Colonizer and Brigham Young Stradling. Christiansen counselors, S. and Martin Dr. R. Milton By Hunter

Hills the $1.50 Unto Stake, Fourth Maricopa Mesa Ward, released been Smith, D have William C.

L. Richard Evans ByFrederick succeeds Granger Johnson Sta.e. Merrill the R. in NeTimpanogos California the Brannan and SamClarence White. $1.75 Mormons as sustained has been well Warnick Bailey Paul By Beaver Falls Creek Branch, Idaho North Laverl Radmall with Vilace president This $2.50 Glory For My D Stake, succeeds Hodges LaMont Oscar H. Bailey Paul By first Merrill as as Stoddard and Ray Anderson.W. Reconciliations $1.85 Evidences and

Glendale Ward, Oneida Stake, Bernon second counselor. By Dr. John A. Widtsoe

ProphetStatesman..$2.25 Smith: Joseph succeeds L. Webster. J. Auger Asa Dr. G. By Homer Durham

Leland Palmyra Ward, Stake, William Wards Created enclosed Send C.O.D. Payment

P. succeeds Stake, Larsen Lorin B. Creer. Third Woodruff Ward, Evanston

Third Stake, Phoenix parts of Ward, the Name organized from has been Blaine H.

Alexander succeeds David O. Stahl. Evanston First Ward, with F. Scott TagAddress

Newdale Ward, Rexburg Stake, Ira A. gart sustained as bishop.

Neibaur succeeds Schwendiman. John (Continued on page 790) Books available now!

DECEMBER, 1944 789 -#- The Church Moves On Josepha specialL.committeeWirthlin headedof the byPresidingBishop

(Continued {com page 789) Bishopric.

East Richmond Ward, Oakland Stake, has been created from parts of the RichSego Lily Bed mond Ward, with Alma C. Mortensen susHpHE 5riakanam Ljouna tained as bishop. A blockUniversity"U"eighteenof Utahfeethassquare,plantedin aa

East Layton Ward, North Davis Stake, ravine on their campus, using sego lilies has been formed from parts of the Layton of white, saffron yellow, and lavender, state flower, pioneer and foodUlnLverdltu Wardas bishop.with Charles P. Maughn sustained Utah'sstuff in is times of famine. project The

Ward Divided an outgrowth of a letter written by Governor B. Herbert to University Maw Ward, North Davis President E. suggesting Cowles, LeRoy divided was 31, July Elder by learfieldV Stake, that something to done be encourage it ike$ [-odsible Spencer Kimball of the Council of W. lily respect for if the and, sego possible, the to Twelve the form Clearfield First to prevent extinct its becoming on the to begin courses during many new with Ward, Melvin retiring G. Wood, hillsides. bishop of the sustained as old ward

the bishop, and the Clearfield Second Ward Excommunications with Clarence Stoker as bishop. Each born August Wall, December Charles has a membershipJ. of approximatepriest. 30, 1905, Excommunicated June WINTER QUARTER wardly six fifty. hundred 4, 1944, 10th in Logan Stake. Ward, Cache

18, in all colleges Branch Transferred 1912.LavettaExcommunicatedColeman Wall,Juneborn 15,January1944,

allao Branch, Nevada Stake, has Logan 10th Ward, Cache Stake. in

Clarence Palmer, teacher, 6, born May been transferred to the Deseret 1927. Excommunicated in Santa Monica College of Applied Science Stake.

Ward, Inglewood Stake, May 7, 1944.

College of Arts and Sciences Dedications Vincent Bousfield, priest, born February 28, 1895. Excommunicated May 7, 1944, in College of Commerce The Regina Branch chapel of the Santa Monica Ward, Inglewood Stake.

West Canadian Mission was dediMary Alice Anderson McColl, born

College of Education cated recently by Elder Oscar A. KirkMarch 5, 1903. Excommunicated May 15,

in 1944, City Redwood FranWard, San First the of ham Council of the Seventy. College of Fine Arts cisco Stake. Grantham, The North Carolina, Doris Gilmore, Rogerson 2, born July Branch chapel of the East Central Division of Religion 1911. in 8, Excommunicated 1944, June States Mission, dedicated was SeptemCarlin Stake. Ward, Humboldt

Graduate School ber 20, by Ezra Taft Benson of the Ross Wesley LeBaron, born November

Council of the Twelve. 16, 1914, teacher. Excommunicated April

The Ontario, Oregon, Ward chapel 18, 1944, in Third Ward, Liberty Stake.

of the Weiser Stake, was dedicated OcThelma Elena Cox LeBaron, born August 1918. April Excommunicated 1944, 18, 1 tober by Bishop L. Joseph Wirthlin of 4,in Third Liberty Stake. Ward, WINTER the Presiding Bishopric. QUARTER

Isabell Edna 18, Noble, born Rae March chapel of the The Visalia Branch of 1893. 1, in Excommunicated 1944, June begins the Northern California Mission was Branch, Mission. Wharton Texas

23, President by 19, born Beneham Sherrill, Mary March in 20, JANUARY 3, 1945 GeorgededicatedAlbertAprilSmith Excommunicated of the 1944, Council of 1900. May

the Twelve. Bay City Branch, Texas Mission.

Ervil 1925, 22, LeBaron, born August M. President David O. of the McKay

elder. in MisExcommunicated Mexican First Presidentcy dedicated the Sutter

sion, 9, 1944. June chapel of the Send for current catalogue to Ward Sacramento Stake 2, April Jr., LeBaron, born Dayer Alma

29. October elder. 1918, in Excommunicated Mexican

Thomas E. McKay, assistant to the Mission, June 9, 1944.

(LSriahawi UJowna UlnlveHitu Council of the Twelve, dedicated the Benjamin T. LeBaron, priest, born May

Eugene Ward chapel of the Portland 2, 1913. Excommunicated in Mexican MisPROVO, UTAH Stake, recently. sionEdmundJune 6,Richard1944. Guenther, born DecemNicholas G. Smith, assistant to the ber 11, 1889, seventy. Excommunicated in

Council of the Twelve, dedicated two Thirtysecond Ward, Pioneer Stake, June chapels in a postgeneral-conference 10, 1944.

tour of the Central States Mission, one Edna Ada Marrihew Kinney, born June at Sedalia, Missouri, and the other at 6, 1903. Excommunicated in Emerson

Topeka, Kansas. Ward, Sugarhouse Stake, September 19,

24, born Maria (Tena) Rascon, May Welfare AssignmentGospel Standards 1944. 1885. SpanishPaso, in El Excommunicated

'he Salt Lake Welfare Region Mission, September will American 9, 1944. by President Heber J. Grant operate a cattle fattening project 8, 1885. Maximino Gomez, born June

An inspirational book for eveybeginningwill "finish"Januarycattle1, furnished1945, whereby theythe AmericanExcommunicatedMission, inSeptemberEl Paso,9, 1944.Spanishone which should be in every other welfare regions, to be used in the Simon Marshall, born December 6, 1913.

American home. It offers answers welfare requirements throughout the Deacon. Excommunicated in El Paso,

to the problems of life. A book of Church.gion had hadPreviouslythe assignmentthe SaltofLakedevelopRe- SpanishAmerican1944. Mission, September 9,

Virginia de Rios born DeLos Howe, Nowise sermons stories and that exing raising and strain an improved 15, in 1911. El of vember Excommunicated cattle beef the on Old Church press firm faith Farm in God. Paso, Mission, SeptemSpanish-American located the on banks of the RivJordan ber 9, 1944. sale at bookdealers On everywhere er between Twentyfirst Thirtyand 3, 1903. Smith, Peter November J. bom

$2.25 third streets. South Teacher. in 10th Excommunicated Ward,

The curing, processing, and distribuPark Stake, October 3, 1944.

tion of this beef will be undertaken by Eliza A. Pugh Steed, born November 23,

. )..

The Church Moves On 1907. Excommunicated in Antimony Ward,

Garfield Stake, October 16, 1944.

Newell Steed, born October 4, 1902.

priest. in ExcommunicatedHigh Antimony

Garfield 1944. >otnefi/usia tir 16, Stake, OctoberWard,

Alfred Dean Ball, born May 14, 1908, a deacon. Excommunicated August 7,

1944, in Twentyfifth Ward, Pioneer Stake.

Arthur Van Steeter, born April 2, 1891, a priest. Excommunicated August 10, 1944,

in Magna Ward, Oquirrh Stake.

Sylvia A. Sheppard Van Steeter, born

March 7, 1895. Excommunicated August

Stake. Oquirrh10, 1944, in Magna Ward,

Fuller, born 6u&y Dudley Dorothy Helen

March 26, 1911. Excommunicated June 13,

1944, in South Twentieth Ward, Ensign

Stake.

John McLaughlan, Jr., born July 8, 1910.

Excommunicated March 14, 1944, in

Thirtieth Ward, Pioneer Stake.

Mildred P. J. McLaughlan, born February 28, 1913. Excommunicated March 14,

1944, in Thirtieth Ward, Pioneer Stake.

Marion Cecila Kirkpatrick Butters, born

April 16, 1902. Excommunicated in Eighth

Ward, Liberty Stake, September 5, 1944.

A. Demar Dudley, born May 6, 1901, a

seventy. Excommunicated in Jensen Ward,

Uintah Stake, August 10, 1944.

Mada Ann Shelley Dudley, born May 12, 1900. Excommunicated in Jensen Ward,

Uintah Stake, August 10, 1944.

Roy Courtney Marsden, born July 14, 1896. Excommunicated in North Texas

District, Texas Mission in 1944.

Elva Wright, born May 19, 1924. Excommunicated in North Texas District,

Texas Mission in 1944.

After the Big Save on oils, greases and other farm necessities and obtain:

Whistles Blow Attractive quantity discounts * Reliable frequent service {Continued from page 766) Uniform high quality products Reliable source of supply

Decisions had to be made on the following points when preparing estiPhone, write or ask your local mates: Utah Oil Refining Co. distributor for details

1 Should mother be allowed to get a to do? volunteered job as she UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY to pay family continue 2. the Should

tithing? Manufacturers of

3. Should the family continue to buy a complete line of petroleum products,

bonds? including motor fuels, lubricants,

4. Should the family start to use up specialties for farm use, and

reserves in order to maintain the industrial oils standard of living developed under the higher income level? SERVING FARM FRONT WORKERS

5. At what points could expenditures

be reduced without sacrificing health or mental, spiritual, and social development?

It place mother's that decided was it;.. in family the was at home. Herwas the A Christmas remembrance WE on

age when they needed her care and atfor "Service Star"families.. A COMPLETE

tention. If she went to work, several ENGRAVING SERVICE

classes of expenses would increase, and From Missionary Portraits to the Largest of material result not netthe be would Given Prompt Attention Orders <=>Llines CataloguesMail me If 5enlnd standpoint.benefit economic an from

A. FISHER By GEORGE to careful time her could devotemother CO. ENGRAVING UTAH

planning and efficient household man- "I am the G.I. Joe who slugged it out 113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah

agement, better health would be mainOn the rugged rood to Rome tained, and savings could be made at AndForpaida landthe worthprice they'recalling askinghome."other points which would not endanger

the social and spiritual development of Price $1.00, postpaid FOR LASTING VALUES

her children. subscribe to and read

that the family decided would It was Company The B00KCRAFT tithing. alcontinue to pay had They THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 18 Street Richards

it, the present and doneways no was $2.00 12 issues City Salt Lake 1, Utah

( Concluded on page 792 DECEMBER, 1944 791

AFTER THE BIG WHISTLES BLOW

{Concluded from page 791) clothing in good condition to make it time to stop. With conditions as unwear longer. Mrs. Johnson was to make

certain in the world as they are, the over dresses for the girls whenever posfamily would need the extra spiritual sible and cut expenditures for new strength that comes from living the comclothing to a minimum. Lucretia volmandments of the Lord. They wanted, unteered to stay with the neighbors'

above all, to keep close to God and have children whenever she was needed, in him close to them. Some of the men order to earn extra spending money or

at work had tried to convince Mr. Johnto buy a new dress. Jay decided to get

son he could not afford to pay tithing. a paper route to earn money to build up

He had refuted their arguments by stat- a savings account for a mission and to

TRY THIS TODAY.... ing that some were spending more for go to college. All agreed to reduce their

tobacco, beer, and gambling and extra personal allowances and be more careful doctor bills, as a result of excesses, than with personal spending to make the alhe was contributing for tithing. lowances stretch farther.

In addition, his family had benefited The family agreed they would like to materially from participation in Church own their own home. They desired to

,.. ADD Vi teaspoon magicflavored welfare garden projects and canning have sufficient land to raise their own

Mapteine to your favorite gingerbread projects and from following the sound fruit and vegetables and have some mix. gingerbread prepared to or recipe it not get chickens. posauthorities be to Although would advice of the Church

with pan of greased bottom Sprinkle It of sible thought saving the build to now, reserves. build was Vi out of debt up and blended have in you which sugar cup their to build in of that matter order family a the home decision own no the of pineArrange Mapleine. of teaspoon Vz

it stabilization, easier to after face of the the Lord made happened, law what gingerbread Pour in pan. rings apple

batter over pineapple. Bake as usual. would be fulfilled. present conditions.

Turn out, serve hot with whipped cream. The Johnson's found the greatest savThe thought of such a drastic reducings could be made in the cost of food. tion in family income appeared at first

A tonguetickling blend offlavors, Contactagreed to wasexchangemade foodwith fora farmerneeded whohelp towhenbe alla majorelementscatastrophe.of expendituresHowever,were

this dessert spells "m-m-more/"that Mr. Johnson and the children could carefully analyzed, it was found that

Mapleine brings a tempting flavor give in assisting with the farm work. the change would not materially alter

of its own, accents spice and fruit They were fortunate in locating a house the major family activities. The experiflavors, too! Discover the dozens to rent near the farm. Through particience of making family decisions helped

of winning ways that Mapleine pation in Church welfare canning projto cement the family a little closer. Since

in filling preparing participated lockstorage and apthe cold ects all had and by perks '42. vital up your in foods

er, individthe budget, felt an staple could each foods the of be proving most a Gives zest to dishes! new main

it helping responsibility in cost. to ual at preserved make a minimum Imparts delicious flavor to quick, help to maintain work. family agreed The

economical syrup! Get a bottle of

Mapleine from your grocer today.

WIFE IMITATIONMAPLEINEMAPLE FLAVOR A MORMON

for syrup... for fSavorina ( Continued from page 753 quite nice misses'shoes. However, I

had brought along quite an assortment was glad to get even this kind, for I was of odds and ends to sell such as thread, literally barefooted that winter. We

tape, pins, needles, etc. We owned but preferred that condition in the summer.

one darning needle in our family. (I Sometimes when the warm spring sunremember it now like an old friend shine came, and the snow banks were

size, shape, and all. ) Grandmother had melting, I begged my mother to let me

Soaks clothes WHITER brought it across the plains with her. I go out to the woodpile where I would

had seen Mother so put out when it find some large white chips and tie them was mislaid, sometimes having to send on my feet for shoes. I thought that was

to the neighbor's to borrow one, that, fine, until I commenced skipping around on a sudden inspiration, I decided to when the chips fell off, and I was kept

I needles. darning buy twentyagain. bought tying on them busy rings on Leaves no five for twentyfive cents and, upon my

that quite pair shoes of Another I had or dishpan girl advice, washtub the other did the same my

I later fourteen a bit about was when and trudged the back mile we home old blue merino, that years with were just satishad with beaming walked we heels, the toes pointed laced up and no

I faction over generous our deed. supsizes for large side several too me, and pose appreciated having Mother such

I stuff toes, in that to the cotton so had a supply darning of needles, but FaStill fine pretty, pair another very were ther's sense of gave humor him a good small but too shoes cut the and Mother at laugh for expense day. a many my baby things Keeps feet stockings, of out put and a strap my

It fate to always be to be seemed my I that the heel under so could wear them immaculate It imalmost shoes. in lacking was

all. at suffering caused some They me shoes. someone possible to Once buy

I pretty, but, willingly they as looked limited supply to a brought town that. with up of put LOTS OF sizes, for various which and shapes we

Si/DS were to pay in farm products (wheat lady, into a young I grew it seemed of exchange the recognized medium A s rr.EVEN IN was to ** to clothes inconvenient although were never it was a little me that my

carry around ). Alas! None of the sizes very satisfactory. I seldom had a dress

in girls'shoes was right for me. So I that seemed to fit just exactly right or

had to take a pair of boys'shoes, coarse look as I wanted it to. One sad summer

and clumsy, while my sisters found some I must mention.

792 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a

A MORMON WIFE

The Fourth of July and the Twentyget our baths and into our clothes and DEPENDABLE fourth were the days we celebrated, and just had time to join the procession asfor these occasions every girl wanted a it marched past our house with the fife TRANSPORTATION new dress. In the early spring we had and drum at the head.

a lot of potatoes in the cellar that jflk a Motion at Wga, fit for to sprouting keep themneeded if that I would Father saiduse, and do As comfortstime wentofon,lifewethanhadin morethe earliestof the this I should have a new dress for the days of my recollections. Father built

Fourth. How hard I worked over those a house in Pleasant Grove, much more

potatoes and oh, what a dirty, disagreecommodious and comfortable than the able job it was. The dirt got under my one we had been living in. Just for fun,

fingernails, and I never could bear to I helped him make some of the adobes touch a dry potato anyway, but I tried to build it with. This was done by tak- """vwwwft.vi:,,

to keep my mind on the new dress that ing some of the soft mixture of clay and would be forthcoming. At last they sand and water, and putting it into the While military needs are making

faciliGreyhound demands heavy on off the top all waited, done, smoothing moulds, and and I waitedwere wooden is ties, of shortage there a serious and the turning dress as approached thenbut and board no new a July with continupersonnel, buses and we are our dry. in the Instead, sun to summer'sappeared. out adobes When my last essential dependable, ing to providedress was pulled out of the chest—home was finished, all so new and clean, transportation for civilian travelers.

in so clusters of felt flowers a palace, as were withlawn if we and we appreciate understanding your We contraststripes, our the to quite the first old home great been pretty it had was travel of and conditions wartime season, but now I had outgrown it, with its mud roof, through which the thank you for your cooperation.

and when it was washed it faded to a rain descended in bucketfuls. Before taking necessary trips, we

nondescript hue. The hem was let down In the large lot surrounding the house, suggest that you consult your local

agent. little Greyhound can tell you skirt the too He awhich made the street, lot"across in the "back long and best be accommodated. you can little short. a too waistwhile the was kind when every almost planted Father had

We soaked it in buttermilk for days, of fruit that could be raised in the counAIR CONDITIONED BUSES it, it in theboiled bleach to put and sun different varieties try. twenty We had

it all effectwhite, the but to had was supplied keeping us from OVERLAND of apples, fade it a little more though it never did early summer until the snow flew, with it I white. allbecome However, was cellar lasted in the bushels until GREYHOUND

it. It prettyhad, LfA/S and sub- I wore was a again. the each season knew came thatWe

girl quiet that tookdued and by a back Operated better tree each name, seemed and by seat at the celebration. To add to my than the other, when the fruit came in INTERSTATE TRANSIT LINES

discomfort, I soon discovered that the season.

girls setother of our had white on new of varieties as about had many We dresses, crisp fresh.Swiss and Imagine peaches. us a Father each would

later in the day, amazement when,my tree for eat could own. very our giveWeI girl "prettiest in the voted town."was

all it, sell fruit, of the dry wanted weI particularly surprised GLAMOR OF THE OLD WEST remember how it, it. as or chose with do weI that father for was voted on me my

and fruits in Father's orchard Other Ithat occasion, thought but very it was currants, gooseberries, werenice of and loyal to stand him up and garden THESAINTGAY be counted with the rest of my supraspberries, blackberries, strawberries, By Paul Baileyporters, for never had he or any other grapes, plums, pears—two or three... a gripping

member of my family intimated by word varieties of each. novel based on

or look that I was pretty. In the fall we had "appleparings"the life of Sam

strange, Brannan, the young "peachcuttings"when and the dress incident of the Referring to colorful Mormon various homes at the meet people would sister told Delia yearsagain; in the gold me leader my preparing hours several for and work of Calof rush days she that spoken hadafterward when Aftersun. the in for drying fruit the ifornia. didn't matter, said shethe mother my refreshments and be there would wards it in happened, world the had howknow fruit quantities of $2.50 frolic. Price Immense a bit- I there that nobut was remember Postpaid of town. the out shipped and dried were it. I that in heartterness about knew my us opposite lived lady, old who One sacrifice in the parents every mademy her odd us to by amuse used and who children. their for would Theyworld well Co. very done she The sayings, said had BOOKCRAFT anything so withoutgladly gone have Street 18 Richards she thought she peaches; dried her with 1, City Salt it Utah Lake more, butthat have might had we three hundred or "two had have must below: checked Please send books their entered heads never havewould

fifty pounds."$2.50 and Saint The Gay like anything for into debtto gone have Bailey Paul By

for the California that. stood gate a wonderBrannan and and what Sam garden the we had By We paid

$1.75 Mormons it I think tree; ful could without was the apple not pay old whatwent we Bailey By Paul

for. Father worked from morning till largest apple tree I ever saw. The picFor This My Glory $2.50

night, and many a time Mother sat up ture of it comes back to me now after The GospelByKingdomPaul Bailey $2.25

all night long before the Fourth, sewing all these years: how we picked of its By John Taylor

on the things we needed. She had so thousands of pink blossoms in the D In the ByGospelDr. JohnNet A. Widtsoe $1.25

much to do she hardly ever got through spring, played croquet under its shade, Gospel Standards $2.25

on time, and we were nearly always and climbed into a comfortable seat in His ManyByMansionsHeber J. Grant $2.25

S. faHowells Rulon your to read branches late. laugh its By spreading good a many have had We $2.75 The Robe interall so resolved vorite book. occasion I was sometimes when over one we C. Douglas Lloyd By

that we would be ready on time! One ested in reading St. Elmo or the Four D Payment enclosed Send C.O.D.

member of the family said, "I do like Belles of Bellemont that I could not Name calling sit meetingto some there in the Grandmother hear me and to be early right Address she stood forgotten the pleasant task. Though watch and cool andhouse

late ones come in tired and hot."But under the tree, she never suspected our Books available now!

alas! True to form, we had to rush to hidden seat high in the leafy branches.

DECEMBER, 1944 793.

Singing Wires

(Concluded from page 754). they never stopped and when a line was BREAmST 7kEAT. down they fixed it. Now, say, if we had

some of them men here, you could talk to your boss.

"Never could understand how a person could talk over them wires with an instrument as ticked like a clock, but came a man one day as tried to show me. He came to our place riding a horse.

Had a quilt for a saddle and never had no shoes nor hat, besides had a bullet wound high in his leg. Told Dad he

2 Kinds *Both Delicious and some others had been up Big Piney

Tea Garden Drips,.. way when some Shoshone Injuns surmoderarely thick syrup prised them. Dad looked at his leg and

with a distinctively difwanted to get a doctor from Bridger, ferent flavor. but he said he knew more than any docTea Garden Cane and tor and would not let him get one.

lighter, Maple... more "He stayed in the bunkhouse and got the flavor delicate with

of pure maple sugar. me to get him two pieces of wire about

ten feet long. Then he took some kind

of a thing from his pocket, fastened it to them wires, went to a telegraph pole, hooked the wires over the ones on the didn't if that thing time, and some ENJOY INEXPENSIVE pole,start perking.and, durnedHe listened

IISI FIFTY cabin, to the For OVER back he YEARS USE things; asked and PRIZEWINNING whentold Dadwe awentlot of Dad of in treatment simple Canker,Aids

said he had beensore throat and other minor mouth ORANGE MARMALADE howtappinghe theknewwires.and he

and throat irritations.

It's Easy To Make Anytime "You know he took that dingus and

Halls Canker Remedy With This Simple Recipe alphabettried to byteachdots meand howdashes.to Toolearnmuchthe

536 East 2nd So. at Salt Lake City, Utah 6 Medium Sized Oranges for me. Well, next day we went back

(2 lbs. Sliced) to them wires and listened, and when the

6 Cups Water ticking stopped, he took hold of that it, all smiling and began to work Juice thing Lemon % Cup the time. sending message. Said a he was 6 lemons) (About

FOR INSPIRATION... 1 Package M.C.P. Pectin "Two or three days later, he got on

9H Level Cups Sugar his horse about sunset and rode away. I READ (Measured ready for use) followed, for I wanted to see where he

Bridger, his went. set beyond He rode

1. Cut oranges in cartwheels with very up, contraption tapped a while, and

sharp knife to make slices thin as possicame back to the ranch. That ride was

ble. Discard the large flat peel ends. too much for him. Next day Dad went JOSEPH Sliced fruit should weigh 2 pounds. to Bridger and got the doctor, but it

juice. the water lemon and his through system. talked a long He

boil; The PROPHET 2.3. Put sliced fruit in 8-quart kettle. Add was too late. Blood poison was all boil gently for quick Bring to a next time with he morning and Dad,

If tenis not (uncovered). peel 1 hour died. said they talked what Dad Lives In the Hearts As He

boil until in 1 tender. hour, der about. right alongside him Weneverburied of His People material. to 4. Measure the cooked Due poles wires. as carried one of the them

will boiling, the be reduced volume it that said he wanted way. beDad DR. By CHASE DARYL

to 7 cups. water low make total Add a-telling I'm "Now, of you Institute that man the L. D. S. Logan

juice exactly cups. peel 7 and forgot had telegraph about more and

An ideal book for youth, bringing 5. Put back in kettle. Stir in M.C.P. Pectin; wires than most of the men today know.

delight to the heart and power to continue stirring and bring to a full boil. If he wuz here, he sure would make

the spirit. 6. Add sugar (previously measured). Stir them wires sing for you."

gently until it has reached a full rolling $1.50 boil, and BOIL EXACTLY 4 MINUTES. Remove from fire; skim and stir

by turns for 5 minutes. Mr. Church Officer

MAIL THE COUPON 7. Pour into jars. If you use pint or quart (Concluded from page 760)

jars, seal hot and invert jars on lids unSitting close to his good dad, a wideto set. begins shake DESERET Then, til Marmalade BOOK COMPANY of lad, to see the finish keyed up awake

St., P. 44 East South Temple upright. O. Box 958 well This keeps and set jars contestrace, a particular observing the the 10, City Salt Lake Utah

"The Book Center of the Intermountain peel evenly distributed throughout. ant losing ground, said, "Look, Dad,

West"that guy is so far behind that he thinks well recipe equally works This

Please send Dr. Chase's "JOSEPH THE NOTE:

is he on ahead!"Valencias. or with Navel Oranges When PROPHET"

Enclosed find $1.50* either variety is overripe and peel is Mr. Church Leader, do you get into

Name soft, use %-cup Lemon Juice instead that embarrassing position where you that think to are discard you sure so far behind you any (Be Y2up. of

Address swell with are ahead? or grow recipe This of seeds.) 7 pounds makes Do you *In Utah 2% sales tax.

prizewinning Orange Marmalade. your Church responsibilities?

794 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA P

To a Service Man Evidences and HERE'S HOW TO MAKE (Concluded from page 755) Reconciliations should need to devote ourselves to the work of reconstruction and that with (Concluded from page 769) selfimposed discipline, we would strive In the use of the title Father for God, to be worthy of the country and the the Father of Jesus and of us all, the freedom for which we fought!"presiding authority of the Godhead, and

And now, brother, let us join hands inwiththereferenceuse of theto hissamemissiontitle forof earth,Jesus, across the finish years, and what we there need need be no confusion. Oneso haltingly began. the Between time is disonly understand which Being

out, homewe came went and you many cussed. as properly the term Then may

things left done, were and undone, applied to another. or to be one Thewhich wish could forget. But we we eternal, of course, denotes for word Godthe of our sake comrades, yours and the nature of hood, and the everlasting

mine, and for the sake of those to whom plan of salvation.

torch, pass the the mustyou young men In light the of the mission our ofof us to undertake 19642000—let make Brother, the appellation to him bya peacetime will world which say

title old, in Elderprophets of the of Eterof the thanmore words: "Yes! do rememwe

is nal Father, is understood, and foundber, with help and we'll God's fornot fully justified. those Only know who -Sfet Sincerely brother, your the fail fulness not the gospel of to comHugh B. Brown prehend it. RICHER, SMOOTHER

THE GREATER STATESMANSHIP HOT CHOCOLATE (Continued from page 758) It should perhaps be said that this recipe, favoritedemptive of the world. work providHe injunction to love the enemy, and these

spiritualed the mental soil and cliand USEbut YOURinstead of fresh water or cloak, mile, figures of the the second friendlymate to the growth of Christian cheek, the other and applied whether milk, use equal parts of water andleadership in national international and to individuals nations, to or not are

Milk. listen to Morning Then to youraffairs, because he taught what to ininterpreted be as unqualified adan

dividual men and women regarding vocacy of nonresistance. They perfamily rave! Taste it yourself—

their personal lives permits of applicahaps represent only a wellknown Henote its creamier, smoother texture, livestion to the of nations. Let striking to use tendency nabrew paradox

tions, as well as individuals, first seek clarity to or hyperbole give force its richer flavor. Yes, Morning and

the kingdom of God, and all other things to a great idea or principle, here the Milk's finer flavor makes a big difthat really will matter naturally follow principle patience of forebearance. and wonder thousands ference! No of

after. like Let nations discover that men Certainly recognized Jesus sense that a Western homemakers are switchthey live cannot bread alone, that by is of justice virtue as a as the much

ultimately it will profit no nation to spirit of longsuffering. He made dising to Utah's own finerflavored

gain or dominate the whole world of tinctions himself between general workMorning Milk!

material things, if in doing so it lose its ing principles and practical exigencies.

soul, its sense of eternal values. In a On the eve of his death when he was

brotherhood of nations, as in a brotheradvising his followers regarding the hood of individuals, there may be lost preaching of the gospel in the future, Taste coins and lost sheep the over finding clearly or he that they saw faced dangers Itsrestoration of the which whole world that for called of promeasures new should rejoice. We need not be retection. To many men they would Finer

minded these days that nations on the hereafter represent not a triumphant evapobated Flavor!

fall Jericho sometimesway to among rather but Messiah, a crucified imEVAPORATEthieves are left and bleeding beaten and In postor. their missionary travels they

by the roadside of the world, awaiting would meet not only the common hazMilkthe coming of a neighbor. Perhaps we ards of the road but also the hostility of Utah's Own

do need to be reminded that the neighmen everywhere. They must, therefore,

bor a Samaritan, real that may be neighcarry both also purse and script—andborliness has nothing to with do race, a Ruthless, aggressive sword. users of MORNING MILKor color, or geography. if the should, necessary, perish sword

A ndsonsfinally,rememberlet nationsthatas wellthe aspeaceper- byAndthe sword.we must believe, I think, that

makers among them will be called the Jesus cherished no illusions regarding children of effects the that follow God. attend or But let them would rememFor your personal library... thatber also the his principles. his teaching peacemaking of peaceand As

keeping involve selfcriticism, humility, truths were conceived in his own mind,forgiveness, patience, and forbearance. they would carry redemption and peace THE LIFE OF

Nations like men must remove the beam wherever there were other minds andfrom their own eyes before they take spirits prepared to respond to them. JOSEPH F. SMITH

arms against the motes in the eyes of But Jesus was too understanding a By JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH others. their Before they place offerings teacher the perils to truth not to know

opinion,on the altar of world attend they to attempts that always must comthebridgesbiographythe yearsof afromgreatearliestleader,pioneerwhosedayscareerto make amends to the nations they have municate it. Just as modern times.

offended. must in prepared be They $2.50, Price postpaid like Life, glass, of colored dome a many spirit to give the cloak as well as the

the Stains eternity, radiance of whitecoat, to miles as well walk as two one, Company The B00KCRAFTto suffer the second as well as the blow lesser stain 18 minds hearts or Street so do and Richards first. They must love their enemies as distort the ideals and principles of Salt Lake City 1, Utah

well as their friends. (Concluded on page 796)

DECEMBER, 1944 795 THE GREATER STATESMANSHIP {Concluded from page 795) prepared for his message. Eventually

greater ones. Jesus knew that it would all knees would bend in homage to him

be so with his teachings. Even among and all tongues would acknowledge him

his followers, ignorance, superstition, Lord, not through external compulsion, prejudice, pride, selfishness, and prebut through the discovery that the husumption would condition the interpreman race, in its deeper nature, in its tation and application of what he taught. most imperative need, is indeed a

Instead of using his message to create brotherhood, a family, in which the wel- a Christian society, men would twist fare of each is the responsibility of all, and emasculate it to serve private and through the discovery that only in lospartisan purposes, or to support and ing themselves in the larger life of manjustify established systems and institukind can men really find themselves.

tions. Many men would claim him as There have always been too many

theirs, but few would understand him. Christians awaiting a cataclysm, a miFewer would really follow him in raculous display of power, through

thought and in deed. which the ideas, ideals, and principles

And so Jesus saw troubles ahead. He of Jesus would be established in human

saw that as a teacher of love he would society. The statesmanship of Jesus

die at the hand of hate, that his message called for no such event. Indeed, such

of unity and peace through love would an event would run counter to his purin many places breed disunity and strife. pose and his method. The redemption

In the wake of his ministers, homes of human society, the establishment of marionettes would is not disrupted. Sons turn the kingdom, to make be Simply would daughters fathers of to strip freedom of their and them of men, against Delicious

against their mothers. Indeed, to the choice and action. It is a joint endeavor

HOTCAKES are always more observer of world events, it would of the divine and the human—and men

delicious when topped with a sometimes seem that the bearers of the bear the heavier responsibility. In

golden stream of Lumber Jack name of Christ were not so much mesrealms where men are left free to syrup. A blend of finest sugars sengers of love and peace as they were choose and act, God's hands are tied—a magic Nalley's flavor. harbingers of hatred and war. until men release them. God cannot

act before men act. He cannot save

that bitter failures and doxes his kingdom, to establish were pray to him attempts his and the attempts Lumber Jack toB utattendnotwithstanding the cruel paramen until men would be saved. As men all he done to them. he prays He has

of his servants to establish the kingdom can do without them. The full realizain the lives of men and of nations, Jesus tion of his purpose awaits their coopANOTHER NALLEY'S PRODUCT saw for his mission an ultimate triumph. eration.

enlight- a few have he would Always is rise, weak; people the Till arm my to his witnesses courageous ened and

... till I the speak. people cannot speak his advance truth, men who would till their curse the break NotTHE "SPOKEN WORD"

light. his Through spread torch and.. the in universe I claimof own broadcasts Choir myspirit the Tabernacle May

their unwearying efforts and through the They are my mouth, my breath, my soul!.

THIS DAY AND harsh, relentless lessons of history, more I wait their summons to make me whole.

ALWAYS, and and more minds and hearts would be—Angela Morgan

UNTO THE HILLS By L. Evans THE MEASURE OF A MAN Richard

... choice books (Continued from page 759) is in full accord with what is known of

of literary and spiritual gems—leftlovedtheironesnativeif needlands,be, evenin orderpartedto travfrom theuniqueapostolicin that itchurchhas provenorganizationadaptable finChurch's the

literature. For est their cast plain and and erse ocean

library your others read have and those or with who friend. for a lot to—uniquea large asin wellthat asthea smallorganizationmembershiphas

living to adaptable people proved $1.50 believed. Price

been so proreading it, have Some, ungovernment, varied forms of under each that stirred its challenge foundly by conditions der varied and among varied Postpaid they could not rest secure in their races and nationalities—unique in that

faiths could until they bring it divine authority, preserves while Co. respective The BOOKCRAFT that to believe themselves somehow or perpetuating democracy. 18 Richards Street Whether

Salt Lake City 1, Utah the book was a fraud, the work of an not men accept Joseph as a Prophet of

Please below: the checked send books impostor. of the cognizance take all must God,

S1.50 and Always This Day D Believe or not believe, as you will into existence organization he brought L. Richard Evans By

the of Unto $1.50 a living produced to have book organization has spread which such—an ByHillsRichard for greatSmith Joseph marks power world, the civilized throughout much of $2.25 The Gospel KingdomL. Evans

By John Taylor ness. Yet this is only one of three living transcending national boundaries in

Signs Byof Josephthe TimesFielding Smith...$1.25 books attributed to this man—writings welding its members into a common

The Life of Joseph F. Smith $2.50; for which he claimed the inspiration of brotherhood.

Fielding Smith Joseph By Almighty. the Latterof Christ of Jesus Church The i..$2.25 ProphetStatesmai Smith: Joseph n

Dr. G. fruits Durham Homer By to has Saints the world shown day Organizations $2.00: of the Most High Temples its their of worthy existence—and by B. N. Lundwall By

! $3.00 Colonizer for the organthe are remembered TIen fruits shall Brigham the Young all institutions surely of

By enclosed Payment Dr. Milton R. HunterQ Send ( 2.O.D.! izations they effect, provided those earth be judged. A Church which can

of services the receive 255,000 are perpetuated. This ask and Name organizations

its functions into existence carry a of to man, Joseph, brought on its members

Address unique Church organization—unique in without cost; a Church which can keep

Books available now!,, withoutthat it hasbasicsurvivedchange—uniquea century ofingrowththat it infromthetwofieldtoonfourtheirthousandown expensemissionariesor that

796 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

THE MEASURE OF A MAN

of their families; a Church which, in feats of physical strength and power,

this day, can continue to collect volunbut these achievements are insignificant tary tithes from its people, is a Church beside the achievements of spiritual thewhich whole the world must acknowlpower. healed Jesus sick and When Improvement Era institution. sinneredge as raised the respectabillife of to a a mighty

ity, he exercised a power which placed

Greatness in Ideas him above those of mere physical

Tn the annals of time only men of ideas strength or mental acumen. Men exer-

..A have been accounted great. With the cising such power, in the name of God, Subscribers

passage of the centuries works of art have been accounted as prophets and grow dim, buildings crumble in decay, slated for the archives of the great.

empires are overrun and wealth vanJoseph Smith exercised such power The ERA gives you much ofishes, but ideas survive, and surviving, the power of God—the priesthood—-by the best current CHURCH

shape, and reshape the destinies of men. which he raised up the sick, restored LITERATURE. Within its covName the great of all the ages and you sight to the blind, and elevated men's ers you find each month auhave named those who had great ideas. souls. Further, he passed on the power thoritative material written or

Christ, Buddha, Confucius, Zoroaster, he received to others so that an everspoken by our church leaders.

their ideas carved a pathway 'round the expanding multitude continue to exerworld. cise this amazing power of the AlHas it occurred to you what

Joseph Smith was a man of ideas. mighty. Go where you will, wherever priceless gems of theology

Brigham Young, the great Mormon colthis power is found, the name of him poetry and downto-earth gosonizer, once said of him, "All that I do who restored it to earth will be near pel you have in the yearby- is but to carry out the ideas given me by men's lips in revered esteem. year volumes of this magathe Prophet Joseph."For over a hundred Is a hundred years too brief a time zine?

years his ideas have fed the flame of the in which to judge a man? Are the above

Latterday Church. Ideas, which, tried assertions merely the wild statements Why not preserve them for

in the crucible of the years, have been of a follower who is convinced that the your future reference and your found sound, wholesome, in accord with cause to which he has adhered himself children's edification? We urge

all known truth. Those ideas permeate is sound? Perhaps again only time will you to do so.

the books associated with his memory, give the total answer. But let it be reand give them life. membered that the great of the earth Single volumes (12 numbers) bound

A new concept of God as a concrete have never been quickly appreciated. in durable, attractive, blue cloth

century of a flesh after his death the end bone; Atpersonality of and a new

still the forgotten Confucius in man, binding, stamped in gold $2.25 a as was embryo; a godvista of man

glorious new hope of growth and his followers numbering but a few thoueach plus postage.

change in the personality of man beyond sand, the hand of time still hesitant to the grave; a new view of mortal exappraise him great. So, more time may Ten or more volumes at one time

istence as an adventure in the search for be needed before the human race will $2.00 each plus postage.

his place. proper the nuaccord Smithjoy form Joseph and happiness—these

In the life destined writer not Bring them in or mail them to us thecleus for meantime does a philosophy of to change the religious thinking of manstand alone in this early appraisal. A

kind. million voices might be raised, if need

hearts to own—a million floJ of December A Man of Power be,whombesidethe histwentythird

"Kfl'EN have received renown of sorts means the birthday of one of God's for physical prowess, for unusual greatest.

If Iew5 fre65 THE WAR, THE CHURCH, AND THE FUTURE Jke dJederet (Continued from page 751) Voice o[ Warning, and throughout the 29 Richards Street, Salt Lake City as by the First Presidency. For most of Journal of Discourses.

us living in the United States, our memElliott: Yes, that's true, Hal. But

bership in the Church is also tied up why did you say that we formerly bewith American citizenship. Similarly for lieved that? Did you mean we don't

other members in other countries. But believe it today?

we also have to remember that our fuWilliams: Well, frankly, I must

ture, as members of the Church, which admit that I'm confused on the subject, itself is international in character, cuts especially after some of the things said across national lines. here tonight. For example, I'd never

Lewisohn (looking interested): You heard, actually, what the 1845 Prochave suggested that the Mormon lamation was or contained, let alone the

Church is the kingdom of God on earth, "Official Declaration"of 1889.

but what is the "kingdom of God"esElliott: You need not put undue

specially if it is not "independent,"nor stress on those documents, Harold.

"temporal"? They have significance, of course, but

Williams: Isn't it true that for many more meaning when viewed in relationyears the Mormon people believed that ship to our history and to the entire idea

their Church was literally "the little of the restoration of the gospel.

stone cut from the mountains without However, the time is getting short, hands"spoken of by Daniel, that was to and I would like to throw out a few roll forth until it filled the whole earth, more ideas and facts which may help to protect Joui?r mm mm

breaking in pieces the nations as its onclarify somewhat the evening's discusleast continued? that's sion. courseward At mmmmmn

earlier ourwhat in some of First and foremost, I think you should we read tracts, such as Parley P. Pratt's, The (Continued on page 798)

DECEMBER, 1944 797 The War, the Church,

(Continued from page 797) He Shall Have allandrecognizethe Future that historically, the restoration of the gospel and the establishment of the Church had meaning for religion in the full Mormon sense. That His Milk is, is life. that religion

Mothers may be assured that Randall: You imply, for example,

through the winter, the season of low thatto dothewithMormonpoliticsreligionand "temporal"has somethingafmilk production, there will be as fairs?

much Irradiated Sego Milk for their babies as there Elliott: I certainly do, Mr. Randall,

was in the middle of summer. and with economic life and society in

general. President John Taylor once

After providing the government's needs, the resaid that it is the world that is all wrong, mainder of the greatest production of all time has and it is up to us to set it right religiousbeen allocated equally to each month so that there ly, philosophically, economically, socialis as much of this fine milk available for December ly, and in every other way.

as there was for June. And during all the year the Lewisohn: That reminds me of the

babies have had first call on available supplies. Judaistic tradition of the "chosen people."

If your doctor has prescribed IrradiElliott: The ideas are akin, Private

ated Sego Milk for your baby, as many Lewisohn. However, in Mormonism, to

doctors do for babies under their care, beance;"chosen"not alonerestsononbirthrightfunction, norperformeven

ask your grocer, if his supply runs low, ordination, although the latter two may to reserve for your baby the Irradiated be important. Anyway, the wellworn

Sego Milk he needs. phrase that "Mormonism is not a Sunday religion"simply means that in our

belief, the gospel has meaning for life in

Sego Milk Products Cdmpany its"apostasy"every phase;discoverablethat the trendin eighteenthtowards

Originator of Evaporated Milk in the Intermountain West and nineteenth century religious instituPlants in Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl. Idaho tions was not the only "apostasy"; that

the gospel was preached in its fulness to the first men, Adam at their head; that

Announcing a New Book—

Good Flavor! TheHOLY Fine Texture!

Extra Freshness! GHOSTBy OSCAR W. McCONKIE

A new book, alone in You'll enjoy all its field, treats the three in Royal subject thoroughly and reverently.

Enriched Bread $2.00

ROYAL BAKING.MAIL THE COUPON.

COMPANY Salt Lake—Ogden DESERET BOOK COMPANY

44 East South Temple Street Highest Quality Bakery Products for Fifty Years Salt LakeP. O. CityBox 95810, Utah

"The Book Center of the Intermountain West"Please send Judge McConkie's More than ever before your absent ones need bookEnclosed"The Holyis $2.00*Ghost."

Name The IMPROVEMENT ERA Address - 12 issues Subscribe nowl $2.00 *In Utah sales tax 2%.

798 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ) ).

THE WAR, THE CHURCH, AND THE FUTURE the gospel principles embrace the true inviting the world to learn truth and, if "social science"if we may use that term; it will, to be immersed in pure water by

and, that the leaven of the restored gosproper Christian authority! Think of

pel was needed, in 1830, to help make the symbolism in these times! To ask

the world a better place to live, as well the men and women of the world to as (shall we say) to reveal the proper "take a bath,"symbolic of a new way of meaning of the Godhead and do away life! Political realists can well afford, I

with infant baptism, etc. suppose, to sniff at Mormon methods

Mary Lawrence (speaking for the and dismiss them as of no significance first time): Wowee! Now, I m beginas a world force.

ning to see what the tenth Article of Peggy Evans: But, please, Dr. Elliott,

Faith means!... "that the earth will be what of the Church and the future? Do

renewed and receive its paradisaical we go on in the same old way, sending glory!"It's up to us to renew the earth! out nineteenyear-olds, each with a

Lewisohn: But isn't it that attitude camera and a new raincoat, for a little

which always got the Jews into trouble? world travel plus a few hours'study and

And isn't that the same attitude that we occasional preaching, mostly to memdisliked about Hitler and his plans for a bers of the Church in organized "new order"? Too, what about all the branches? (Here Peggy sniffed, as if

studies which compare Mormonism to she knew something about missionary

Mohammedanism, to Joseph Smith's belife; and I remembered that she had lived

ing the founder of a new, Americanin the mission field while her father type "Islam"? held a position in the east.

Elliott: The objectives of the Elliott: The hour is late, Peg, and

groups you name, and the objectives of Sister Russell's ice cream should be

Mormonism cannot be compared, privileged to melt in the throats of the although on first blush they appear to be Army Specialized Training Corps, as similar. as kitchen, Perhaps in her don't we should quote the well

further: you think? Jror the <=JLadie51889 Declaration in soon. boys These have to be

It [the Church] has been organized by Lewisohn (a bit timidly): Thank

divine revelation preparatory to the second you, sir. But do you... do you think The Salt Lake Tribune adds another

Itadvent of the Redeemer. that proclaims continue could the discussion we of distinctive service to the many it exis Its"the kingdom of heaven at hand."Church "The and Kingdom of God"

aremembers of its commanded subto be readers in for God presenting, the in really look the concept the face tends and ject the unto that until powers Christ be in these times? ladies, modern (Randall to all their devoted a newspaper it is rightcomes, to reign. whose

in his corner. scowled interests. strikingly different More from any- I really don't Elliott: Well, know.

thing "Islamic"are the means employed the Perhaps bishop the ofand Mutual let's the Church.by Here, ask In addition to the many features shared Hal ficers, in like addition folks to the RusWilliams a few questions. He's just sells, ought to have something to say... by the entire family, the Salt Lake

the from Argentinecome Hal, Mission. (explosively) There Randall you Tribune, all daily covers and Sunday,as of one the "shock troops""the of go, getting you Mormons. Always:

activities of world, the socialkingdom of women: on earth,"what God in did tangled your organization. up Talk

you ask the people to do? about free agency! You're about as free the women's world of business, the

thinking, to so as Williams produce ( in trap. as mice a interests, home and garden health anda concise statement) brief and Merely his (continuing Elliott statement beauty, dress design. giveto us hearing, their a free of:own

.:. ignoring the remark) and about

will. if they Then, accepted what ice. people cream you much young we how

offer, tohad learned Ida gospel the and Jean writes Kain a health beauand eat. should (Randall looked abashed

plan, usually, their of they volition, own ) ty daily. feature if here. myself, is For however, Robinson Maude and Ben

if all, at requested water baptism and I will Alice consent, will here meet you the flowers and garden expert. Grace to theadmission Church. after meeting sacrament each Sunday

ever try to "sell"supervises Elliott: large staff a Did you of womfor the next few weeks until we iron Gretherbaptism friends? of to any your en writers, exclusive task whose things satisfaction. out to your Williams: No. However, we did is to

that is newsknow of cases in the mission fields of A LL consented, with the understanding bring you—each day—all

the Church where people had been, per- * that the discussion would center on in fashion, in society, in suggestions for haps, urged to join the Church before the topic, "The Church and Kingdom a happier home.

they were entirely ready. As a result, of God"as the means at getting at the

I think general practice our in every inner core of raised the problems by our is fieldmission the principle, to teach but preliminary talk the All these exclusively in your Salt Lake about "The War, leave to the individual the question of Church, and the Future."Tribune.

time and place; also, of requesting or As Anne and I left the youngsters to

petitioning for entrance to the Church. their ice cream and rehashing of the

Elliott: That bears out my experiConstitution, the Proclamation, and

ence, and I was in a good position to obwater baptism, J. G. Randall slipped up

serve the practices of all the foreign to me as I put on my coat (in order tomissions of the Church in Europe. go home and pore over material for the 1

Think of it! No armies marching; no next day's lecture) and said: "Elliott,

highpowered salesmen (although our would you mind awfully if I dropped in

American personalities do recommend on these talks of yours beginning next themselves oftentimes!); not even an Sunday?"

individual solicitation, "won't you I replied that if he would bring Gretta please let me baptize you!"Instead, a along I should be delighted, and bade

peaceful "army"of young priests, rechim goodnight. Anne smiled her wise

ognizing and accepting the principle of smile at him and took my arm as I yfree will, the doctrine of free agency, opened the door. "\X"

DECEMBER, 1944 799 Your Page and Ours Sg333Sg233S233gS3aaS33S

Provo, Utah Dear Editors: Corrections

our is way. certainly popular down magazine Your E. of Elder address McKay, Thomas Ireland. in the verses interested Thelma by especially am

of the Era, November 707 1, page INlinethe 27,conference column more? about HowI

instead of "Danish Mission""Norwegian read should Respectfully,

Ruth M. Berry Mission."The Bergen District is in the Norwegian

-#- Mission.

In the November issue, the first line of the poem

Dear Editors: "Caprice,"appearing on page 644, should read, "The

t\\jAY out here in these torrid tropical isles, the Era is like high wind lashed (not bashed) the naked trees."

VV a deep breath of cool Rocky Mountain air.

Lt. H. J. Hart, U.S.M.C.

-*- France Compton, California Dear Editors:

Editor Improvement first reached of first issue Era me here Improvement The City, Utah Salt Lake the inspirational to bring It has Era Thein France. come a long way

Dear Brother: teachings of the Church, as it is the only contact I have with

THEtheErapricehasofjustthearrived.year's subscription.This one conferenceI am indeedissue isgratefulworth ourout andChurchthe Bibleexceptwhichfor theI readset ofoften,bookswheneverthat theI getChurchthe time.sent

to you and to the authorities of the Church for printing the most I want to thank you for sending the Era as it brings more inspiring messages given to us. There would indeed be no fear comfort and enjoyable reading than one can imagine. It makes

in the hearts of any Christian people if they could read and me realize the great opportunity that we Mormons have.

believe the words of the prophets of God. Since being here I haven't found any Latterday Saint men,

I felt as if our Heavenly Father, himself, were speaking to but as an elder of the Church from Heber, Utah, I have had his "flock"through the mouths of our leaders. May we read many experiences to strengthen my testimony of the gospel. I

and remember and rejoice that God, in his infinite mercy has know the Lord God of Israel lives, and that I'm inspired by numbered us among his chosen people. him each and every day. I want to thank you again for sending

Yours truly, The Improvement Era.

Mrs. Fern C. Ingram Sincerely,

-$- Sgt. Bob Edwards

El Centro, California Cinderella Comes to Life

Dear Editors:

children the will of ages between of 3 93 and have Hundreds the and several ago days Era Improvement received The radio's seeing Telling of Story opportunity the come Time it, of authorities the in I from contained advice counsel and life. acts, in three to Cinderella Dramatized magical to Comes to inspiring as is me, surely conference the during Church, the fairy enchantments, godmother, with speand complete Life,

all the Church. it of is I to members sure am will the scenery, take place in cially constructed Twentieth of joy and source a much been has Era Improvement The hall, at 16, Saturday, 7:30 p.m. December amusement Ward I service. the I have in time been the have during happiness door, contributions will at the the accepted be Voluntary and the cover. during it to But cover from reading enjoyed always

will hospitalized. service to are L.D.S. proceeds go men who it deal great service, more a has meant in I been have time

fine this will to follow other wish wards example Doubtless attending permitted not has before. work my than to me theMy hospitalized service their help to men. own great to, I desire has done the often a as and Era as Church

filling the gap. deal toward

finished reading it, sometimes before I am Economy I have When to read fellows wanting of the are several there it. One through Billy: "Daddy, what is this political economy we hear so

it several in interested months ago and became young man about?"has much

also his them. has read wife and home, several taken Eras

it figure as I out, can Father: near it is persuading "As first the of they read both the have reading Book Since Era

office for letting to run then people ought and you them pay Mormon. expenses."your campaign privilege attend service, to it has the been entering Since my

different held three at camps, and L.D.S. meetings the first

it Subject to Upheaval at the first eight meeting, six or of only with an attendance times to that number. has many now grown purchasing agent a supply house to send who requested A

from been I have away While this reply: received a my home in the service I him new catalogue

have had the privilege of being stationed where there are mem- "The only part of our catalogue we are still certain about is bers of the Church, and they have surely done a great deal to the line that says, 'Est. in 1885.'All other information and

make this time in the service as enjoyable as possible. prices have been withdrawn."

I am looking forward to receiving my next issue of the Era, this opportunity to thank take and I want to you and all who Permanent Finisher the the service to give us in Era. are working

Sincerely your brother, Hardware Clerk: "Would you be interested in something

Sgt. Glen S. Rawlings to finish your furniture, madam?"

-$- Housewife: "No, we have a baby."

Gardena, California Touched Editors: Dear

musical. soiree finished, a singer had just It was Old "My A

this thought: the I express been Era has most The Home."Kentucky

uplifting material in reading Maycomforting and have had we hostess, of seeing her guests in one a remote weeping The our home. It takes our minds away from the horrors of the corner, "went to him and inquired in a sympathetic voice:

war and gives peace to the soul as we go about our daily tasks. "Are you a Kentuckian?"

Sincerely, And the answer came quickly: "No, madam, I am a

Melissa Anderson musician."

800 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA <rXVhcU uutxuIcL ivxrbt/z-

.

i/p

... "<

&$$$&&-:: '::: ii:;4p.;

I *. iti

*w*

What would it be worth to have John Taylor, Brigham Young, and the

Prophet Joseph Smith as guests in your home? Through books you can give

your family the guidance and inspiration of these—and other great leaders.

JOSEPH SMITH: PROPHETSTATESMAN, by Dr. G. THE GOSPEL KINGDOM, by John Taylor. Compilaand political—of Homerwritings—spiritualDurham. Compilation of the utterances and tion of the author's teachings... powerful, far Joseph Smith. A reaching. Text for priesthood quorums for 194445. Price $2.25. powerful book for today!

BRIGHAM YOUNG THE COLONIZER, by Dr. Milton R. Price $2.25. (To priesthood quorums, $1.80)

of conquest Hunter. the Authentic account Mormon (Use order blanks on pages 772, 789, 793, 796, of

of of the wilderness. great adventure. The story a

this issue.) Price $3.00.

TU* BOOK<RAfT COMPANY ISRKHAROi JTRUISALT LAKI CITY THE Tt)RIMPROVEMENTWSTA06 6<JAAY|U0it ERAni 1

SALT LAKE CUT 1, of

HEBtClALM

The Star of Hope shines bright again... may peace and good will

soon spread through all the earth!