Z. C. M. I. Factory School Shoes

Made on the Munson Army Last or the J- English Toed School Shoes FOR BOYS, YOUTHS, 13 LITTLE GEIVTS DC c.< Latterday Saints Garments

APPROVED CORRECT PATTERN These APPROVED TEMPLE GARMENTS are knitted and right here in our own UTAH FACTORY, to your spe-.S madecial order and measurements.

prices Lowest on market. Hail your order to us now and say that you saw it in the "ERA."

Prepaid to any part of the United States by parcel post. To Canada or

Mexico, 15c extra per garment. s for Look the APPROVED LABEL in every GARMENT

* No. Lot Price s 11 Light weight cotton $1.50

20 Light weight cotton, bleached 1.00

GO Medium weight cotton 1.70

22 Medium weight cotton, bleached 1.85

90 Heavy weight cotton.'2.35

<w 2450 HeavyExtra whiteweightdoublecotton,bleachedbleachedmere. 2.503.00 10 Medium weight wool mixture 3.00

1(5 Heavy weight wool mixture 3.50

18 Extra heavy wool 5.00

Sisr.es from 32 to 44 bust and from 52 to 64 length as desired. Longer

than 04 in. and over 44 in. bust, each size 20c extra.

Garments with double backs, 25c extra per suit. We make any size

desired. Measure bust around body under arms; length, from center on

top ofshoulder down to inside of ankle.

KNITTING MODEL WORKS CHRISTIA1VSON, Manager FRANKLYNo 657 IversOn Street, Hy. 516 Phone Salt Lake City, Utah.

SILO CORN THE WONDER CROP FOR DAIRY FARMERS fE P-Ws Utah Grown Improved Learning is the biggest cropping Silo or Fodder

Corn ever grown in the West. It is adaptable to most sections. Truly a wonderful crop for every farmer. Write for full details. Remember also we have

everything else in Seeds and Trees.

PORTERWALTON CO.

SEED AND NURSERY SPECIALISTS SALT LAKE CITY

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISER?, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

UIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII1IIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII1IIIIIII1IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMNIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIU

WATERFALLS OF YOSEMITE VALLEY

To rightly describe the Yosemite Valley one | should speak in words at once strong and sim- | pie, should be able to put with his lines something of "solemn tenor and deep organ tones."|

I And yet there is that which is so sublime in the | stupendous architecture that it brings to silence at last all that one might say from unbridled | admiration at its beauty and grandeur. The |

wonder of Yosemite Valley lies in its perfect | blending of the entrancing with the aweinspir- | ing elements of landscape. It uplifts the soul in

imagination, and yet is restful to heart and brain. |

places smooth, | Over its granite walls—in some

perpendicular, unbroken, at others squared into | turrets or rounded into massive domes—come 1

pouring its wondrous waterfalls. The Yosemite |

Fall leaps from the cliff top to plunge into the valley, a distance of one thousand six hundred | | feet. It is the highest waterfall of the world. 1

| A.L.I | See article, p. 495. |

?llllllll!!lllUIIIIIMIIIHMIIIIIIUIIIIIIIIIIIIIIlllllllllllllllllllllll1l!ll!llllllllllllllllinilllllllMIINIIIIIIlllllMM[lllllllll[IIII[llll1IIIIIIIUIIIIIIIIh

GREAT FALLS OF THE YOSEMITE

Vol. XXII APRIL, 1919 No. 6

Progression and Retrogression Culture and Ignorance Have Run in Parallel Directions at the

Same Time

By Elder Joseph Fielding Smith, of the Council of the Twelve

We have been informed that "history is the narrative of what civilized man has done,"and that it "cannot go back of written records."Some writers on ancient history say that "prehistoric man"dwelt in caves, under overhanging cliffs, and in

other places of shelter which nature could afford as protection from wind, rain, and the ravages of wild animals stronger than man. His weapon was a branch of a tree which served as a club

or spear. His club was ofttimes reinforced by a stone or tusk.

Later he learned to use hard stone or flint, which could be chipped or sharpened by friction and fastened to* his club with thongs from the skins of animals. This was in the age of stone

before he discovered metals.

This poor savage, these same writers are careful to instruct us, lived several hundred thousand years ago. Just how long

ago they do not know; but a slight matter of two or three hundred thousand years makes such a little difference anyway! He

had no written language and the words he used were limited to a few monosyllables or grunts. In course of time, along with

other attainments which came gradually, he learned to communicate with his fellows by means of a few crude signs and drawings cut in clay or soft stone. This was the beginning of communication by writing. As time passed, his means of expression were improved, and signs were made to represent

"sounds of the human voice."The dawn of history, so these

theorists say, came when the writers learned to make their records permanent by baking their tablets made of clay, or carving their thoughts in stone. These great changes did not come in a

466 IMPROVEMENT ERA

day, but "after many millenniums"of progress, through the "stone age,"which was followed by the "age of metals,"which is of comparative recent time. Gradually man progressed,

increasing in knowledge and power until he reached the wonderful state of intelligence which he possesses today.

is not This is a very pretty story with just one defect—it

true! Yet, such is the information our children are taught in

our schools. I shall be bold enough to say that such theories

should have no place in our schools in the manner in which they now appear. That I may not be misunderstood, let me say

that I do believe that there has been a "stone age,"a "copper age,"and development and increase of knowledge through the centuries. I do not, however, accept the statement that the

first man evolved from lower forms of life, and roamed over the earth hundreds of thousands of years ago as a savage, uncultured, ignorant, and with no spoken or written language. I

know better than that, for the Lord has declared otherwise.

The first man placed upon this earth was an intelligent being, created in the image of God, possessed of wisdom and knowledge, with power to communicate his thoughts in a language, both oral and written, which was superior to anything to be found on the earth today. This may sound very sweeping

and dogmatic to those who hold to the other view, but it is not any more so than their statements to the contrary. Moreover,

I do not say it of myself, but merely repeat what the Lord has said; and surely the Creator, above all others, ought to know!

The first man was instructed by the best Teacher man ever had, for he was taught of God, and spoke the language of the Most

High, in whjch angels conversed. This language he taught to

his children. It is true that he was left to work out, through

the use of his faculties, many of nature's great secrets; but the

Lord did not leave him helpless, but instructed him, and he was inspired by the Spirit of the Lord.

I am just simple enough to accept what the Lord has revealed to his servants, in preference to the theories of uninspired men, who in our great age of wonderful discovery, are ever learning, but never coming to a knowledge of the truth that saves. They rely on their own judgment, and are ofttimes

mistaken in their theories and led astray, being forced from time to time to modify, change, and even reverse their teachings, as new discoveries are 'made.

every Latterday Saint In the Pearl of Great Price—which

following very significantaccepts as the word of the Lord—the

statement is found:

And then began these men to call upon the name of the Lord, and the

Lord blessed them;

And a book of remembrance was kept, in the which was recorded, in

Photo by O. F. Cook, in National Geographical Magazine, May, 1916.

THE COURSE OF AN ANCIENT AQUEDUCT "The indistinct dark line that crosses the high slope, shown about two inches below the top of the photograph, represents the course of an ancient aqueduct carried for many miles along a mountain wall hundreds of feet above the valley. In the foreground, near the ruined town of Pumamarca,

is a group of Inca storehouses. The stream in the bottom of the valley

is carried in a straight course along the farther side of the valley bottom.

WVote canals cutting across mountains."

468 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the language of Adam, for it was given unto as many as called upon God to write by the spirit of inspiration;

And by them their children were taught to read and write, having a language which was pure and undefiled.—Moses 6:4-6.

It was not until after man rebelled and rejected the word of

God that he fell into mental degeneracy, and lost the power to converse in written language. Man was intelligent in the beginning, and understood many fundamental truths, but when he

refused to receive divine guidance, the Spirit of the Lord withdrew, and then he was left alone and became a savage, for the light in him was turned to darkness. TubalCain was "an instructor of every artificer in brass and iron,"long before the

flood. Yet, as late as the middle of the nineteenth century,

when Speke, Grant, Livingstone, and others, explored the wilds of Africa they found the descendants of Cain living in savagery in the depths of the "stone age."Columbus, in 1492, found the

"stone age"flourishing in all its glory here in America. Likewise our Utah pioneers, in 1847, discovered similar conditions

in the valleys of these mountains.

Shall we argue from this that the poor, benighted savage of

Africa, and the equally uncultured Indian of America, were slower in their development than the people in Europe and

Asia? If we do, our conclusion will be hastily reached, without

an investigation of all the facts to be considered. The "stone

age,"the "copper age,"the "age of iron,"and the age of culture and refinement, run in parallel directions at one and the same time, but the age of knowledge arid inspiration preceded all.

Nations have risen to great power and dominion, only to fall into decay and be superseded by other nations. So it has been

from the beginning. Egypt, Assyria, Babylonia, Persia, Greece

and Rome, each had their day of greatness, culture and might, but their glory has departed forever. In some respects, also,

much of their culture and knowledge of the arts and sciences perished with them, and cannot be duplicated in this great age of wonderful advancement. All this reminds us of the words of

Byron; so aptly expressed:

There is the Moral of all human tales;

'Tis but the same rehearsal of the past.

First Freedom, and then Glory—when that fails, Wealth, vice, corruption—barbarism at last.

And History, with all her volumes vast,

Hath but one page.

Here in America, thousands of years ago, there flourished a civilization equal, if not superior, to that which could be found in Egypt or Asia at that time. These ancient people developed the arts and were especially skilled in agriculture to a

marked degree. We read that they were, at one period in their

history Photo by Hiram Bingham, in National Geographical Magazine, May, 1916.

ONE OF THE HIGHEST AGRICULTURAL CANALS IN THE WORLD "The rich bottom lands of this elevated valley were desired by the Incas for growing potatoes. Accordingly, the meandering stream was straightened and enclosed so as to prevent it from occupying any more land than

was absolutely necessary. It is in the upper valley of the Pampacahuana,

a tributary of the Urubamba, and is at an elevation of 12,800 feet. Potatoes are still raised on the slopes of this valley at an elevation of slightly

mora than 13,000 feet."

470 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Exceeding industrious, and they did buy and sell, and traffic one with another, that they might get gain.

And they did work in all manner of ore, and they did make gold, and silver, and iron, and brass, and all manner of metals; and they did dig it

out of the earth; wherefore they did cast up mighty heaps of earth to get

ore, of gold, and of silver, and of iron, and of copper. And they did work

all manner of fine work.

And they did have silks, and fine twined linen; and they did work all

manner of cloth, that they might clothe themselves from their nakedness.

And they did make all manner of fools to till the earth, both to plow and to sow, to reap and to hoe, and also to thrash.

And they did make all manner of tools with which they did work their beasts.

And they did make all manner of weapons of war. And they did work

all manner of work of exceeding curious workmanship.

And never could be a people more blessed than were they, and more prospered by the hand of the Lord. And they were in a land that wa9

choice above all lands, for the Lord had spoken it.—Ether 10:2228.

Nevertheless this people forsook the Lord. They turned

from the covenants they had made with him. Contentions arose,

bloody conflicts followed, until they were entirely destroyed.

There are in parts of the United States and in other places on this continent some mute evidences of their former glory. In

Michigan the ruins of ancient copper mines have been found.*

Likewise in other localities there are indications that ore has been extracted from the earth, great heaps have been thrown up that still remain. Was it not done by these ancient people

as indicated in this passage quoted?

Six hundred years before the birth of Christ another civilization supplanted that previously mentioned which was destroyed about that time. This second civilization flourished

about one thousand years. The people multiplied and spread

over the face of the entire continent. They were highly cultured,

and when they hearkened to the voice of their prophets and kept the commandments of the Lord, they prospered and, like the nation which preceded them, they became skilled in the weaving of all manner of fine linen and other cloth. They tilled

the soil and delved into the earth, having also.among them many

"curious workmen, who did work all kinds of ore, and did re-

*"When we consider the extreme extent of country rtaced to obtain mica and copper, added to the earthworks of Ohio, and other states, and when we remember how extensively these mining operations were carried on, the

Mound Builders must appear to us to have been a great and mighty nation.

"An industrious people, well settled and extensively engaged in mining operations and various other mechanical pursuits, must have been well skilled and far from a state of barbarism. * * * It is evident that the

Mound Builders were somewhat advanced in the arts and sciences, and occupied no mean position in life. For their time and surroundings, they

had made great strides towards a permanent civilization, and must be ranked

P. MacLean, The Moundas one of the great people of ancient times."—J.

Builders, pp. 88, 89.

PROGRESSION AND RETROGRESSION 471

fine it; and thus they did become rich"(Helaman 6:11). But, like

their predecessors, they forgot the Lord; his Spirit was withdrawn, and the greater part of the people was destroyed. Their

civilization perished. Those who remained became ferocious

and bloodthirsty. In their decadence they lost their knowledge

of agriculture, and the working of the metals, and became more or less nomadic tribes. Their descendants, the American Indians, were wandering in all their wild savagery when the Pilgrim Fathers made permanent settlement in this land.

Recent exploring parties have made wonderful discoveries in various parts of Central and South America. The ruins of

great cities of a former civilization have been uncovered such as

Chichen Itza in Yucatan, and Sacsahuaman and Machu Picchu, in Peru. These ancient builders were a megalithic race. Their

great cities were built of stones, some of which weighed from five to fifteen tons or more. So closely and so skilfully have

these stones in their houses and monuments been placed together that even now it is difficult to penetrate between the joints with a knife. Mr. Hiram Bingham, director of the

Geographical Society and Yale University Expedition, in 1915, has said: "They thought nothing of handling blocks of stone

weighing five tons and upwards. Indeed, there are numerous

stones that weigh over fifteen tons which fitted together with a skill that has amazed all beholders"(National Geographical

Magazine, May, 1916, p. 459).

Again he writes: "It is remarkable, indeed, that a people

who succeeded in equaling the ancient Egyptians in architecture, engineering, pottery, and textiles, should have fallen so far behind in the development of a written language.* This is the

most serious obstacle that stands in the way of our learning more of that enterprising race"(National Geographical Magazine, May, 1916, p. 463).

This ancient race built canals, said by the Spanish conquerors to be 55 and 120 leagues in length. Some of these canals are in use today. They were skilled in the use of cement

and built long roads through the Andes, which have become harder with the passing of time. To do this great work they,

of necessity, had skilled engineers with wonderful mathematical knowledge. Their aqueducts, according to our modern explorers, are "unequalled in any other part of the world."

*Strange as the fact may appear that this race of Peruvians had no written language, yet still stranger does the fact appear when we know that their ancestors were a recordkeeping people, and that they were also in possession of the ancient Hebrew scriptures which they carried with them from all choice above land, this to came they world when old the other lands on—advancement not of retrogression, is case a This earth. of the face the

J. F. S. 472 IMPROVEMENT ERA

They built terraces, or hanging gardens, that were so wonderful that by comparison those of Babylon were insignificant.

Of these terraces, Mr. O. F. Cook, botanist of the expedition

previously mentioned, has this to say:

The hanging gardens of Babylon have long been reckoned as one of the wonders of the Oriental world; and yet they were a mere trancient toy

and for 3,000 years have been only a'tradition. The hanging gardens of

Peru, though of unknown antiquity, are still in existence, and doubtless as worthy of our admiration as were those of Babylon in the days of Herodotus and Strabo.

The Babylonian gardens are said to have been 400 feet square and as high as the walls of the city, variously stated as from 75 to 300 feet. The

structure had the form of a pyramid, with Lroad steps, on which earth was placed for the growth of plants. No doubt such an artificial hill was a

striking object in the plain of Babylon, and gave Nebuchadnezzar's Median queen a pleasant reminder of her mountain home, where, it may be, there were valleys with terraced slopes as in Peru.

Many banks of terraces in Peru are very much longer and very much higher than the Babylonian wonder. A bank of 50 terraces 10 feet high

means a vertical height of 500 feet. Many slopes have more than 50 terraces, forming huge staircases as high as the Washington monument, resting

against the lower slopes of mountains that tower for thousands of feet above.

It is only by taking the ancient works out of their natural setting that we can appreciate their gigantic proportions. National Geographical Magazine,

May, 1916, pp. 476493.

In spite of the wonderful engineering skill of these ancient inhabitants, their remarkable carvings in stone, building of cities, canals and roads, together with the fact that in agricultural knowledge they were in advance of the world,* our modern scientists would have us believe that they "had no better tools than stone hammers and fiber ropes, and understood no more advanced mechanical principles than the level and the inclined plane."Such a thought, of course, we are not forced

to believe. The Peruvians of the days of the Spanish conquest,

like the Mexicans of the same period, were but the blighted remnant of the greater civilization which flourished on this continent from 600 B. C. until 400 A. D. While the civilization

of these two countries, Mexico and Peru, were far in advance of anything else on the American continent at the time of the discovery, it was not the rising, but the setting of the sun. The

glory, power and dominion which had flourished, were departed,

There was a time when those people hearkened to the Lord and

*"Even irrigation agriculture appears to us as a new and very specialized branch of the art, and we think ourselves very enterprising to have undertaken the reclamation of our socalled "deserts"in the "Western states, where wide expanses of nearly level and very fertile soil have been made richly productive simply by being supplied with water. The native

agriculture of Peru reached the stage of reclamation projects long before

America was discovered by Europeans. Our undertakings sink into insignificance in the face of what this 'vanished'race accomplished."—O. F.

Cook, in National Geographical Magazine, May, 1916, pp. 475, 476.

PROGRESSION AND RETROGRESSION 473

worshiped our Savior Jesus Christ, then they were led by inspiration and were filled with light. But when they transgressed

against that light and sought ways of darkness, all inspiration was withdrawn, just as it had been from other nations which became corrupt and filled with all manner of abomination.

Their day came to a close. When America was discovered intellectual night prevailed through all the land. The people were

wandering aimlessly, groping in the darkness of ignorance which they brought upon themselves because they had sinned most grievously against the truth of the everlasting gospel which, centuries before, had been declared to them. The Lord in his tender mercy has promised that the full radiance of the noonday

'. r.-,:.: ''>'

Photo by Edward H. Thompson, in National Geographical Magazine, June, 1914.

THE PRISON, OR CHICHEN CHOB Said to be the most perfect existing unit of ancient Maya architecture.

sun shall again shine upon these benighted peoples, when they have been sufficiently chastized and are ready to return unto him.

In concluding these scattered thoughts, let me say that the fact that there has been a "stone age,"a "copper age,"or any other age or degree of development in the civilization of the world, does not prove that there has been a constant and steady advancement in knowledge and skill from the beginning, whenever that may have been. The evidence in history is abundant

to show sufficient proof that even where enlightenment has prevailed and men have refused to continue in the light, degenerating influences have set in, and the age of brass, copper, or stone, are just as likely to follow the age of progress and development as to precede it.

A League of Nations to Enforce Peace*

By Hon. B: H. Roberts

"And he [Jehovah] shall judge among the nations, and shall rebuke many people: and they shall beat their swords into plowshares, and their

spears into pruning hooks: nation shall not lift up sword against nation,

neither shall they learn war any more."

Such the vision of the Hebrew prophets, Isaiah and Micah, more than two thousand six hundred years ago.

A New Testament prophet in his vision of things yet tocome, heard great voices in heaven saying—"The kingdoms of

this world are become the kingdoms of our Lord and of his

Christ; and he shall reign for ever and ever."

A modern poet, which is only another name for a prophet, eighty years ago, sang of a time to come when the war drums would throb no longer, and the battle flags would be furled

"In the Parliament of Man, the Federation of the world.

There the common sense of most shall hold a restless realm in awe,

And the kindly earth shall slumber, lapt in universal law."

This predicted age of universal peace—this golden age of

humanity, when every man shall sit "under his vine and under hisfig tree,"and none shall make him afraid—"for the mouth of

the dream of thethe Lord of hosts hath spoken it"—has been

poets and prophets and statesmen through the ages. Is it to be

realized? Is it possible? Has the time come for the organization of those forces that shall make these dreams realities in

human experience? Is the practical inauguration and maintenance of this world's hope to be the high privilege of the men

of our generation? Or is it never to be realized?

Relative to the first inquiries, are these dreams of a golden

*A Mountain Congress for a League of Nations to promote the cause of a

League of Nations was held in Salt Lake City, Feb. 2122, 1919. It comprised the states of Utah, Wyoming and Southern Idaho. The Congress was

held under the auspices of the National League to Enforce Peace, of which former President William Howard Taft is the President. The National

Congress was held in nine sections in different parts of the United States from Feb. 5 to March 1. At the Mountain Congress a number of prominent

speakers local and national delivered addresses; among them, Hon. Henry

Van Dyke, formerly Minister to the Netherlands, and Hon. William Howard

Taft, former president of the United States. Both delivered addresses to

large congregations in the great Tabernacle. Among the prominent local

men who spoke on Washington's birthday, was Hon. B. H. Roberts who delivered this forceful and striking address at one of the meetings. Editors.

A LEAGUE OF NATIONS TO ENFORCE PEACE 475

age of peace to be realized, and is such a thing possible? I answer for myself, yes! Most emphatically, yes! And first and

chiefly, because God has decreed that it shall come to pass, and who can disannul his word or stay his hand? And secondly,

I answer, for myself, yes, as to its possibility, because it has become recognized as a world's need by enlightened minds in all nations; and that recognition gives assurance of its achievement.

As to the second inquiries, is the time now, and is it to be the high privilege of the men of this generation to inaugurate the means which shall establish and maintain through its infancy this universal peace age?-—I answer, again for myself, yes, most

emphatically, yes! God's hour has struck! Man's opportunity

has come. The next step in the world's progress is to organize

a League of Nations for the maintenance of the world's peace;

for on this depends the world's progress. There can be no worldprogress without the peace of the world being assured. War can

only be regarded as a means of progress in so far as by contrast it makes apparent the world's need of assured peace; as it clears

the way for peace. No war was ever justifiable only as it aimed

at the establishment of justice, whence would come peace. War

in itself is destructive of progress. War's other name is Waste.

It destroys the accumulated treasures massed by progress, of which we have ample proof in the present World's War. Peace

is the Mother of abundance, the Nurse of science and of arts, and furnishes the necessary plane for progress. Well has the prophet written of wisdom that "all her paths are paths of peace."

I speak confidently of seeing founded in our day the means by which a universal and lasting peace shall be secured, notwithstanding the world has so frequently been disappointed in the projected measures for founding it. And never was the

world more bitterly disappointed than in the peace efforts through the century preceding the outbreak of the present World

War. These worthy efforts to secure a settlement of international disputes by other means than war, ranged from such

efforts as followed the AmericanBritish War of 181214, which led to the forming of the New York Peace Society of 1815, to the founding of the permanent Court of Arbitration, at the Hague, in 1899, and the opening of that court at the "Palace of Peace,"in 1913; yet all these efforts, which at times promised so much,

were followed by the outbreak of the most stupendous and depresent World War. Men, howstructive war of all time—the

ever, will refuse to be discouraged by these failures. And were

they failures? Were they not rather stepping stones, these preWorld-War efforts, leading to that euccess in organizing the proposed international machinery for the maintenance of the

world's peace, towards which the world now seems to be moving?

The World War which has raged now through more than four 476 IMPROVEMENT ERA troubled years, has taught the world, as it never before was taught, the need of some means of settling international disputes other than by the gauge of battle; and the need of some other

security for human freedom than the dreadful arbitrament of war with its attendant uncertainties. The darkest hour is just

before the dawn. When things, are at their worst they sometimes, and generally do, mend. The felt need of God by man,

is the first step towards man's finding Him. The consciousness

of faults must precede reformation. And since this World War

has taught us our national and international weaknesses and delinquencies and the inadequacy of all other means of attaining desired world peace and security of justice, it brings within the range of practicability the adoption of a League of Nations for the Enforcement of Peace.

The signs in the sky of events, are propitious for the launching of this new world force dedicated to justice and freedom:

First there is the world consciousness of the necessity for it;

second, there is the agreement of all the allied nations now at the international council table at Paris, pledged to the adoption and maintenance of it; and five of them, the United States of

America, Great Britain, France, Italy and Japan are of such preponderating military and naval power, and all material and moral resources, that, united, they can maintain such a league against the world.

Another hopeful sign for the success of the League of Nations to Enforce Peace is that those who have in hand the draughting of its provisions are not deceiving themselves with the notion that they can settle every detail of the whole plan of it at the present session of the World's Peace Council. Profiting

by the experience of many nations, in the matter of constitutionmaking, they are laying down in broad outline the general principles by which the league shall be guided, and providing the simplest machinery for making those principles effective in application. President Wilson, who has said so many apt and convincing things respecting the League of Nations, recently said, at

the International Peace Table, that the conference might not "be able to set up a permanent decision,"but that it could "set up permanent processes."This in effect disclaims the idea that

the conference will attempt to evolve from its deliberations some castiron constitution that like the laws of the Medes and Persians shall admit of no subtraction or addition to its terms.

Wisest statesmen have long since recognized the truism that constitutions are not made, but that they grow. The recognition

of this principle by those now formulating a League of Nations to Enforce Peace, is one of the most hopeful signs of success for the evolving plan. By reason of adopting this attitude, something is left to be developed by practical experience in the

a

A LEAGUE OF NATIONS TO ENFORCE PEACE 477

working out of the scheme. President Wilson's idea that the

purpose of the League will be to establish permanent processes rather than to set up a permanent decision, gives us "a judicial, accessible, and permanent court of appeal,"in the matter of international disputes, with opportunity, both as to the structure of the league and its processes, for such modifications of them as shall conform it to the constantly changing needs of the nations and peoples who will come under its jurisdiction. The

adoption of this principle assures us that while it may be true that the leading statesmen, now assembled in Paris working out the first draught of thisto-be World Constitution, are largely idealists, they are at the same time practical idealists, engaged in an effort to establish such a plan of international world government as shall "lift,"to quote President Wilson again, "a great part of the load of anxiety from the hearts of men everywhere."

/ like the title under which this Congress is convened—

congress that is considering the founding of a "League of Nations to Enforce Peace."You notice I emphasize the phrase "to Enforce Peace."I do so for the reason that "force"will be a necessary element in the new scheme for establishing peace. "Laws

are mere nullities without the necessary force to make them respected,"said Napoleon. World experience proves it true, and

"force"means armies and navies, and armies and navies mean coercion in the last analysis of things. In this new international

constitution, now in process of development, some means of coercing parties to"the world federation into compliance with its decisions must be established; and perhaps this will be the most

difficult part of the machinery to devise, as it will also be the most difficult part of the scheme to administer, since it will call for the surrender of some part of that sovereignty which nations hold so dear, and is considered so essential to their dignity and freedom of action as selfdetermining political entities, and of national existence the very essence. Let there be no shirking in

respect of facing the facts here, however. This surrender of some

portion of the sovereign power of the respective nations entering the League will be essential to the successful working of the new world power. It will not do to repeat the blunders of past ages

in founding federations of states, viz., grant to what in effect will

of Nabe the federal state of the world—the proposed League

to make decrees, to formulate decisions, but withtions—powerhold from it the machinery, and the force necessary to make its

decrees and decisions effective. The defect of federated states

previous to the establishment of the United States of America under the constitution of 1789, consisted in just that. Those

federations left to the good faith of the respective states of the federation, the execution of the laws and decrees enacted by the 478 IMPROVEMENT ERA

i central power. And inasmuch as the good faith of the respective states of the federation was not equal, the federal laws

were not uniformly executed, nor the burdens of the central government equally borne, nor was it respected.

This was particularly the case of the American Government under the Articles of Federation, 1777 to 1789. These articles

gave no real power to the Federal Congress—the Central Government. It could neither levy taxes nor demand soldiers. "It

could only ask the states for men and money,"says one authority on the subject, "and wait until they were ready to give them. It could make treaties, but could not enforce them; could

borrow money, but could not repay it; could make war, but could

not enlist a soldier. In short, it could recommend, but had to

depend upon the states to act."

It was these defects that tended, in the minds of some thoughtful men of the period, to bring the federative principle into disrepute, and write down government by the federation of free states as an experiment that would fail. That, however,

was not the view of the American people. They felt, though

perhaps they but dimly understood, the cause of the threatened breakdown of their federal system. A convention was called and

authorized to amend the articles of confederation; but no sooner

did the convention meet than it discovered the utter impracticability of amending the old Articles of Confederation, and proceeded to draw up a new constitution having for its purpose the forming of a more perfect union, the establishment of justice, insuring of domestic trancruility, providing for the common defense, promoting the general welfare, and securing the blessings of liberty to themselves and to their posterity.

The outcome of their labors was the present Constitution of the United States, of which William E. Gladstone, the noted

British statesman, once said, that it was "the most wonderful work ever struck off at a given time by the brain and purpose of man."Under it the United States has lived and prospered now

for one hundred and twenty years. The number of states has increased from thirteen to fortyeight; the population has increased

from less than four millions to more than one hundred and ten millions; and though the country has thus greatly extended its

area, and multiplied its population, the government founded under the Constitution has been adequate to all the changing conditions that have arisen, and it has stood the test of both foreign and domestic wars; until now the nation that was met

with derision a little more than a century ago, and regarded as "a precarious experiment in government,"is today the most stable government on earth, and conceded to be the foremost nation of the world.

The changes in the American Government wrought by the

A LEAGUE OF NATIONS TO ENFORCE PEACE 479

adoption of the Constitution of 1789, which made all the progress and prosperity just noted possible, consisted mainly in creating an executive and a judicial branch in the federal government, as well as a legislative branch, and granting to the Federal

Government the right to execute by its own powers and machinery—within the limits prescribed by the Constitution,—the

laws it enacted and this by acting directly upon the individuals within the states or upon the states themselves. This was the

national element in the new scheme. This is the unique principle praised by the French philosopher De Tocqueville, as "a

great discovery in modern political science,"adding that the "new word which ought to express this novel thing does not yet exist."We may not hope to see the League of Nations take on the character of our American Government and become a perfect federated union of states. But the statesmen now gathered at

Paris formulating the World's League of Nations to Enforce

Peace, may see in our federal system the principles essential to the sucess of the League they would found, and see in our experience the vindication of the wisdom of that system. Of one

thing I am confident, and that is that if success shall attend upon this new venture of the nations of the earth to escape the recurring horrors of international war, it will be by the adoption of so much at least of the American principle of federation as will confer upon the League the necessary power and give to it the executive machinery, and make available to it the necessary force to execute its own decrees. And if, as I believe will be the

case, the proposed League shall effectively guarantee the peace of the world, and lift the dread and the burden of war from the hearts of men, and at the same time secure justice in the polity those of nations in their international relationships—will not

achievements more than compensate for the surrender of so much of national sovereignty as may be necessary to secure this boon to the world?

My own faith waxes stronger in confidence as I contemplate this theme and its possibilities for good. Within the time period

that has witnessed the founding and the vindication of our own system of government, there has been such a wonderful acqui- a triumphant march of escence in republican principles—such

democracy through the world, that I cannot doubt but there will be an adoption of those democratic principles and an application of them under machinery that will make them effective, in the affairs of the world, through the proposed League of Nations. At

the birth of our own nation, 1776, the only other republics exthese not comparable with the American Republic isting—and

were the Netherlands and Switzerland; and the two cities, Venice

and Genoa. All the rest of the world could be colored black

480 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to represent the autocratic forms of government then existing;

but today, if the world were colored to represent democracies versus autocratic forms of government, about the only part remaining solidly black would be the territory of Germany and her allies in the recent war, while the rest of the world would be colored wholly white for democracies, or lightly shaded as representing constitutional monarchies into which largely enters rapidly are thedemocratic principles and administration—so

principles of democracy becoming recognized as the only true principles of human government.

The prayer of Washington—Washington! Let us pause

here to remember that this day, 22d February, 1919, is the 187th anniversary of his birth which we celebrate today! Let us recall the words of Lighthorse Harry Lee in which he characterized Washington as, 'First in peace, first in war, and first in the

hearts of his countrymen!"And also, let us ask in the words

of Byron: "Where may the wearied eye repose

When gazing on the great;

Where neither guilty glory glows

Nor despicable state?

first, the last, the best, Yes—one—the

The Cincinnatus of the West, Whom envy dares not hate Bequeath the name of Washington

To make men blush, there was but one!"

And now to resume—the prayer of Washington, in his

Farewell Address to the American people, is being realized in this so universal adoption of those principles on which our government is founded. That first of great American statesmen

prayed that the Union and brotherly affection of the American people might be perpetual; that the free Constitution, which

was the work of their hands, might be sacredly maintained:

"That its administration, in every department may be stamped with wisdom and virtue; that in fine, the happiness of the people of these states,

under the auspices of liberty, may be made complete by so careful a preservation and so prudent a use of this blessing as will acquire to them the glory of recommending it to the applause, the affection, and the adoption of every nation which is yet a stranger to it."

Thus Washington contemplated and prayed for the universal triumph of democratic government in the world, not by conquest of arms, but the peaceful force of successful example—the

demonstrated success of the system. What a complete triumph

of his hope a League of Nations for the Enforcement of Peace would be, dedicated as the League would be to the maintenance of the freedom of all nations, on the basis of justice, and the principle that all men have an inalienable right to be free, and that all governments derive their just powers from the consent

A LEAGUE OF NATIONS TO ENFORCE PEACE 481

of the governed! Grant, Almighty God, that it may become a

realized experience among men!

Gentlemen, of the Congress, and you especially who have come to represent to us this League of Nations for the Enforcement of Peace, and ask us to support the President of the Republic in his efforts to found it: I can speak to you in no official

capacity for the people of the State of Utah, I am called from the ranks of the common people to say the few words I have submitted here; but, gentlemen, I think I can assure you in all

confidence that the State of Utah can be relied upon to stand for this League of Nations.

It is the final thing needful for the complete triumph of democracy in this world.

It is the keystone to the arch of justice which humanity has been so laboriously building through the ages.

It is the only way to make effective for the good of the world the great allied victory just achieved.

It is to be the guarantee that free governments shall not perish from the earth.

It is necessary to the security of civilization itself.

It is the monument to which all who have paid the full measure of sacrifice in this most terrible of wars have contributed their lives.

If we fail to found this League, we shall not be true to those who have fallen "on Flanders fields,"and elsewhere.

If we fail to erect it, we shall not be true to the mission of our own country in entering this world upheaval of war; for

nothing was clearer set forth upon our entering the war than that we drew the sword against war itself; our men fought, and our

women suffered, and our nation sacrificed its treasure, that succeeding generations might be free from the dread and fear of war.

To make all this good, the League of Nations is indispensasat- to "clinch"the great Alliedble—indispensable victory—to

isfy the longings and aspirations of humanity for assured justice, peace, and liberty!

In such an issue, I can think of Utah as sending forth but one message to her sister states of the American Union, and to all people; and that message is this: Utah stands strong for the

League of Nations for the Enforcement of Peace, and may be relied upon to sustain the President of the Republic and all who labor with him to found the League and secure humanity in its inalienable right to live, to be free, to enjoy justice, to pursue happiness!

The Spirit of the Lilies

By Elizabeth Cannon Porter

When Ben Davis returned from his wife's funeral, a drizzling spring rain was falling. It seemed that he had suffered

so much the last few days since Elsie died, that he had turned numb with misery. He had braced himself for the ordeal of

the services that afternoon, yet strangely enough instead of fresh torture, he had derived some comfort from them. The

hushed audience, the peal of the organ in Chopin's funeral march, the mellow tones of the tenor that floated out in the beautiful words of "Come to Me,"all vaguely soothed him. The

stand was banked with Easter lilies and the young speaker, who had a high spiritual forehead from which his hair curled back gracefully, took his text from them. He said that the body

consigned to the earth was like the bulb of the lily, planted in the earth; that it would rise in the hereafter purified and

beautified just as the lily blossomed at Easter.

Somehow, that idea helped sustain Ben through the ghastly obsequies at the cemetery. When they lowered the

casket there were three inches of water in the grave. The hand

of Elsie's father shook as he held the umbrella over her grayhaired mother, who wept pitifully.

As he stepped out of the automobile on his return, the chill wind whistled around him and made him shiver. He

doggedly set his face toward the big house which, since his wife's departure, seemed like a body without a soul. As he

went up the path, he noticed the yellow and lavender crocuses, harbingers of spring, and thought how Elsie would have loved them. Davis thought that he had suffered so much, the last

few days, that he couldn't suffer any more, yet at the door, fresh calamity awaited him. The nurse met him in the hall.

"The baby is ill, sir. Dr. Brant has been here and said

that he would look in again before morning."

"What seems to be the matter?"

"The food disagrees with him and he has fever."

Davis went in and bent over the crib. His first feeling,

on seeing his new born son several days before, had been one of resentment that this red, wriggling mite had cost the life of his great, splendid girl. Elsie, of the chestnut hair and damask

cheek, had always reminded him of an American Beauty Rose.

THE SPIRIT OF THE LILIES 4S3

She was a queen among women as it was a queen among flowers.

Yet, because of that pink morsel, she lay like a magnificent figure, carved in alabaster, stilled forever.

When told that there was nothing that he could do, he went to the dining room. He scarcely touched the food, so

aware was he of the empty place at the other side of the table, where Elsie had presided so radiantly. He wandered disconsolately through the house, yet each room held its pain. In

the drawing room, on the piano, the music was opened to the "Little Grey Home in the West,"that his wife sometimes sang to him. In the library, on the table beside her flower bowl, lay

the last book she had read, French Chateaus. In the ingle nook

by the fireplace lay her sewing basket, with the little halffinished garment in it just as she had laid it down. Upstairs

the door of her room was closed, and he avoided it as a Bluebeard's chamber, but when he opened a closet in the bath room, Elsie's yellow silk kimona fluttered out at him. For a

moment he thought he would strangle. Then he went to the

head of the stairs. Life before him stretched like a drear,

gray desert, with nothing in it. As he stood there, an infant's

wail was wafted up to him.

He hurried down.

"How is he?"he asked.

"Seems worse,"Miss Adams answered tersely.

Davis bent over the crib. He felt the little hot head, then

the tiny hand; as he did so, the tendrils of fingers, clutched his.

When he tried to withdraw it, it only clung tighter. So he drew

his chair up and sat down. As a dam will go out before mighty

waters, so it seemed that the floodgates of his heart were opened by the clutch of that little hand, and he felt that he could pray again.

At the imminence of losing the child, he realized what he meant. His price was above rubies; he had cost the life of his

rear Elsie'smother. He had his lifework laid out for him—to

a manchild as Elsie would want. Perchild to manhood—such

haps he would be like his mother! Paternal pride also welled

up in him. He had a son to be a companion to him, to bear

his name and carry on his work where he laid it down. Fervently he as he had not been able to since prayed,—prayed the little life might be spared him,Elsie shrieked in pain,—that

and that he be not left desolate a second time. Silently all

night the strong man sat there. The nurse came and went with

her duties. Two, three, four, o'clock struck, and Davis felt

that he anchored the little soul to earth by grim faith. Just before daylight, the doctor came. He laid his case of instruments

on the table and warmed himself at the fire place before he went over to the tiny patient. After a careful examination, he

484 IMPROVEMENT ERA

announced, "He seems better. I think that he will pull

through."With a great thankfulness in his heart, the father turned toward the east window where the gray light filtered through.

It fell on the white bud of an Easter lily, just bursting into bloom. He felt that it was the symbol of a new life.

A Baby—an Eternal Blessing

By Joseph S. Peery, Superintendent Y. M. M.1. A., Liberty Stake

The greatest of all creations is a baby. A baby is a human

soul that lives forever. It lived before it came to this life. It

comes to this life in school for development. In the next life

it will have opportunities to go on and eternally progress and advance. The Creator of Heaven and Earth made that baby in

his own image.

At first a baby is helpless, wholly dependent on others. In

twenty years, as President Lorenzo Snow observed, the baby attains a development that is wonderful, becomes an inventor and does great things for humanity. If in twenty years that

baby can learn so much, certainly, with its Father in Heaven as its tutor, and through ages of eternity, it is reasonable that the little baby can become like its Maker.

Earthly things perish. The baby lives forever. Being the

climax of all creations, what a wonderful thing, what a splendid in the home!possession—a baby

Marriage is a great blessing, ordained by the Almighty.

Complying with this injunction, a young couple obeys the first great commandment. They become the parents of a living soul,

a wonderful privilege, far exceeding acquisition of gold or temporary earthly honors.

127:3. "Children are an heritage of the Lord."—Psalm

Married in the Temple for time and all eternity, children are an eternal heritage, an eternal compensation for parents who obey God's first words to earth's first couple: "Be fruitful, and

multiply, and replenish the earth."

A Protean Station Agent

By Frank R. Arnold, of the Utah Agricultural College

One of the world's best thrift stories, better than anything the war has produced in America, and equal to anything that the woolenstockinged French peasants have done, is that of a station agent on a branch line in the State of Utah. He has been railroading for twentyseven years, having started as a messenger boy

at the age of twelve, and he has been in his present position about twelve years. His station serves a town of 600 inhabitants,

situated in the midst of dry farms of wheat and irrigated fields of sugar beets. A quarter of a mile to the side of the town are

sloughs and river bottoms and the agent keeps his gun over his ticket window, not to use on western highwaymen, but to have it handy for an hour's duck shooting on the early autumn mornings before trains start running. Four passenger and two

freight trains pass the station daily, and the station master has his regular work connected with telegraph, tickets, express and freight. With his family of six he lives in the station and has

rent, coal and kerosene free.

Such is the setting of our model thrift magnate. Now for

his versatility in seeing chances to add to his income. First

there is land, for the railroad rightof-way has a generous western breadth. From the railroad company he leases at $3 per

year fourfifths of an acre on which this year he grew 76 bushels of white flint corn. The irrigating water came from the overflow of an accommodating farmer on the other side of the fence

from whom for $5 he rented a quarter of an acre on which he grew the vegetables for his family. Part of the corn went to feed

his flock of 135 white Leghorn hens, and he got wheat also to feed his hens by chopping up old railroad waste wood and exchanging it for some of the threshing floors that abound in that country. The only outlay in cash for his hens was the expenditure of $1.75 for 100 pounds of oyster shells and $3.75 for a like

amount of beef scraps. Thus in land rent and food his hens

cost him in cash outlay $8.50 and his returns for eggs for the

first six months of 1918 were $243.95. Some profit there, for a

station agent's lonely moments

All the rest of the corn land should not be charged to the hens, for much of the corn went this year to feed twelve hogs, two of which he kept to feed the family and the other ten sold for $27 apiece. The young pigs had cost him $3 each, and he

486 IMPROVEMENT ERA

had bought 1000 pounds of shorts on which to fatten them.

These cost $17, so that his total expense for hogs was $53, leaving him a large margin of profit. Sugar beets were also used to

fatten the hogs, and although their price at the sugar factory this year was onehalf a cent a pound the station master got them for nothing by the simple expedient of picking up those that rolled off from passing freight cars, and in that country the sugar beet trains pass in a steady stream from October to January.

Another source of income is chopped kindling wood, of which he sold four cords to the town schools at $9 a cord. But

what the station master is proudest of, however, is the fact that in the twelve years of his incumbency he has taught himself the trade of a cabinet maker. "If it wasn't for my monthly

check from the railroad,"he often says, "I'd like to quit and be nothing but a cabinet maker. I do love to use tools. But a

family man has to have a sure thing."Behind the station is his

carpenter shop, built with the permission of the railroad authorities, and costing him $40. It contains over $250 worth of his

tools, and he calls the place his "thinkbox,"for there is where he evolves new schemes for making money, and there is where he serenades his soul with his beloved tools, although he may be called to duty at any minute by a key connecting him with the telegraph office. Of course, his tools earn him money. They

have made toys for his children, a kitchen cabinet for his wife, and kitchen cabinets for the housewives of the town. He has

made ten of them already, and they sell for $50 apiece. He has

become the general cabinet maker and repair man for the town, and anyone who gets any furniture broken takes it down to him for repairs. In his ticket office he made his own telegraph desk

and filing cabinet. The latter is made of yellow pine wood, and

has nine pigeon holes, two cupboards and twelve drawers. It

stands 27 inches high, and is 40 inches long by 14 inches wide.

His "thinkbox"also serves as a playroom for his children and, though his tools are hanging all over the walls, the children respect them, for he has made a toolbox for his oldest boy. It

is a good principle in bringing up children to give them things of their own, and then they don't borrow yours.

Some people may wonder how a farmer, poultry man, stock man, cabinet maker, can have any time for railroading. And

vet twelve years in one position means that a man is trustworthy, and he has, besides, constantly been commended for efficiency, and three years he has received a gold medal for a perfct station. The annual inspection found him perfect in upkeep, in

neat surroundings and in cleanliness. One year he was ranked

only 99.9. He never has been able to find out on what they

caught him on for that missing onetenth, and he would like to

A PROTEAN STATION AGENT 487

know. All summer the station is surrounded with flowers which

he plants and cultivates at his own expense. Sweet peas, asters,

carnations, geraniums, and sweet Williams, it is a lovely mass of flowers all summer and you can get lessons in floriculture as well as economy by stopping over a train at the station. In winter

some of the flowers move inside. Every window of the waiting

room and office is full of plants in tin cans painted an olive green, so clean and discreet that you would never suspect the lowly origin of the flower pots. The waiting room is as attractive as a club house. There are some saloons and barbershops

that have an artistic, homelike air, but this is the first country station to give a homelike welcome to the passenger. The

windows are hung with white muslin curtains. The walls are

covered with pictures, many of them framed by the station agent himself, with wood taken from an old cedar post by the railroad. There are pictures of all the presidents, San Francisco in ruins, Roman chariot races, and of flowers, as well as a

map of the trail followed by the Utah pioneers in 1847. The

most remarkable thing in the room, however, is a mirror with brush and comb, all kept clean for the use of the traveling public.

This station is a delight to the traveler, and the man who has charge of it is a true American of the best Benjamin Franklin pattern. He is resourceful and ingenious, and thus increases

his income each year by from $800 to $1,000 beyond his regular salary. He has no expenses for his family except clothes and

groceries. He is a master workman as a station agent, and a

master artist in the"use of spare moments.

Logan, Utah.

The Key Flower

By H. R. Merrill

Many years ago, while herding cattle on the hillside, a young man found a wonderful blue flower. He stooped and

plucked it from its stem and gazed admiringly into its azure depths. Never before had he seen such a striking blossom. As

he gazed in rapture at his newfound treasure, a nameless, thrilling perfume seemed to envelope him. At length he lifted

his eyes, after having drunk in the beauty of this flower which possessed a subtle charm that was new and delightful, and to his amazement he noticed for the first time an opening in the hillside along which ran a wellbeaten path. The flower

seemed to beckon him to enter.

A little timidly he set foot upon the path, and began to walk into the tunnel. The perfume of the flower seemed to

fill the entire opening, and to send his blood at a quicker flow.

His timidity vanished, and like a young god he marched fearlessly into the very heart of the hill where, to his astonishment, the tunnel opened out into a square room which was lined on all sides with chests whose precious contents were revealed by the rays of liquid light which gleamed from them in the half light.

The boy paused irresolutely. The clinging silence was at

length broken by a still, small voice which said, "My boy, help yourself, but don't forget the best!"

The lad followed the sound of the voice with his eyes and there, perched upon a massive chest, sat a little, old, kindlyfaced man. Though startled at finding another in the room, one

glance at the precious flower in his hand reassured him, and with trembling hands he laid it aside and began filling his pockets with the large and brilliant gems. When his pockets were

all filled he was about to turn away when once more the still, forsmall voice was heard to say, "Don't forget the best—don't

get the best!"

Thinking that he had not found the largest and most lustrous gems, the boy turned again to the chest. As he did so his

eyes caught the shimmer of yellow gold. He reached his eager

hands into it and with joy felt its precious weight. He removed

his hat and filled it as full as he dared to do: With flushed

face he raised his priceless burden and started for the door. As

THE KEY FLOWER 489

he passed through the portals he heard the voice again, "Don't forget the best."

But his pockets and hat were full and he had all that he could possibly carry, therefore he heeded not the admonition.

"I have sufficient here to buy all I wish in this world,"he muttered to himself, "even if I haven't the very best of all those gems."At length he reached the mouth of the tunnel, and as he stepped out into the sunlight it seemed that he heard the echo of the voice more insistent than ever, "Don't forget the best

Don't forget the best!"

He smiled complacently as he glanced lovingly at the precious burden in his hat. To his consternation he noted a change

going on in the gold itself. It seemed to be losing color and

weight. Frantically he set his hat upon the ground and thrust

his hands into the precious fingers found only dried pile—his

leaves.

He leaped to his feet and reached his hands into his pockets from which he drew, not the lustrous gems that had glinted in the halflight of the underground room, but in their stead worthless stones.

He turned to the tunnel, thinking to retrace his steps and vanished.seize more of the precious things, but the tunnel—had

Then only did he remember that he had left the matchless blue flower lying forgotten on the chest in the closed treasure chamber. No longer was he bathed in the subtle fragrance that

seemed to make life so rosy and so full of joy.

Again he began pacing up and down the hillside in search of the keyflower that would open to his eager gaze the tunnel which led to the precious things which his heart desired so all in vain.much—but

He had had in his possession the key flower, but had carelessly flung it aside in order to grasp wealth. How he berated

himself for being a fool, unheedful of warning and admonition!

In his distress he told himself that had he the flower once more in his possession not all the wealth and powers of the world would entice him to give up for a single moment that precious gift, that exhilarating perfume which made the world so beautiful to him.

I have adapted this story to my needs. It appeared in an

old reader that once was used in the Idaho public schools. I

have not told it just as it was written, as it has been many years since I read it, but it illustrates my point.

In this life, God places in our hands the key flower, then he opens to us the treasurehouse of the world and tells us to

490 IMPROVEMENT ERA

help are doing so lie keeps the admoniourselves—but while we

tion ringing in our ears, "Don't forget the best!"

Then, what is the key flower? In order to answer we must

decide why man is upon the earth. To my mind the Book ofMormon answers best—"Man is that he might have joy."Joy

in this life and in the life to come is the one soughtfor thing.

We all work to this end. True, some forget the life to come, but

those who do, fail in this life also.

is If joy, then, is our goal—that which tends to bring joy

the key flower that we should keep ever with us, whether we seek that joy through wealth, service, or through any other avnue. Our beloved American poet—Riley—was once asked

what he considered to be the greatest thing in life, that which contributes most to our success. I fancy he had in mind the

"Mormon"idea of what constitutes real success when he made this characteristic reply:

Just to be good This is enough—enough

O we who find life's billows wild and rough,

Do we not feel how much more than any gold

Would be the blameless life we led of old,

While yet our lips knew but a mother's kiss?

Ah! though we miss all else but this,

To be good is enough!

It is enough to be good! Enough—just

To lift our hearts where they are understood;

To let the thirst for worldly power and place

Go unappeased; to smile back in God's face

With the glad lips our mothers used to kiss.

Ah! though we miss all else but this,

To be good is enough!

Innate goodness and innocence to me represent the key flower which exhales a divine fragrance making life "one grand, sweet song."Whether we are called upon to traverse the rocky

road of poverty, hardship, disease, or the sunkissed road of affluence and luxury, if we carry that key flower as a part of our baggage we shall find the world a splendid place in which to live. He who waits until the hereafter to be happy will find

that he has wasted, to say the least, many, many years. If we

do not carry that key flower with us, all our successes, our wealth, our ambitions in the end will be found to be nothing but leaves.leaves—obnoxious

The sort of goodness that opens the treasurehouse of life is not a passive or a sanctimonious goodness. It is that sort which

moves to positive action; that sort which is helpful, that finds

in service its most beautiful expression, regardless of the dust of

THE KEY FLOWER 491

the earth; it is the sort that finds in the dawn of each new day

a repetition of an oftrepeated miracle. It is the kind that keeps

the heart right—ever able to sing with Browning:

The year's at the spring And day's at the morn;

Morning's at seven;

The hillside's dewpearled;

The lark's on the wing;

The snail's on the thorn;

God's in his heaven All's right with the world!

Little, petty failings such as we have—though

entirely spoil the harmony of life. While therenotes—do not discordant

is none upon this earth who is absolutely and perfectly good, that we can be good is intimated by the Master when he said, "Be ye therefore perfect!"

I have come to believe that our happiness and eventual joy are dependent upon our goodness entirely—not upon what

we have; but what we are. Charles Kingsley, then, in a little

fourlined rhyme gives us a splendid rule of life that will keep us ever in possession of the key flower:

Be good, dear child, and let who will be clever;

Do noble things, not dream them all day long;

And thus make life and the great forever

One grand, sweet song!

I Young man, you have not yet lost the key flower that God on to it with all your might; older men, if yougave you—hang

have thoughtlessly left it in the treasure chamber, and the hill it out. It is worth your utmosthas been closed to you—dig

effort. With it you rob even death of victory, for the "sting

of death is sin!"

Irrigation and Education

. Israelsen, of the'Utah Agricultural College By Prof. O. W

III. Place

Necessary as it is to have begun early and to have clearly decided upon a definite Purpose in order to properly acquire a water right or an education, an early beginning and definiteness of Purpose are insufficient. Reasonable adherence to a chosen

Place is a vital necessity.

To obtain a right to the use of water for irrigation the public wisely requires individuals to specify the place at which it is proposed to divert water from the source of supply. The legal

subdivisions of land upon which he proposes to use the water which he asks permission to divert must also be specified. Further, the Place chosen must make "beneficial use"of water possible, since "beneficial use"is declared to be the "basis, the measure, and the limit"of all water rights.

For example, an irrigator cannot acquire a right to a stream of 10 cubic feet of water per second, if half of the stream is'lost by seepage from a canal built in porous gravel near the point at which the water is diverted from its natural channel. It is also

impossible to acquire a right to the use of a very large quantity of water for the irrigation of lands in lowlying places which are naturally moist.

Acquiring an education is, in the same way, dependent on one's choosing a Place and keeping it. But this Place must be

so chosen that he can use, to best advantage, his natural powers, if he expects pleasure, satisfaction and success to attend his efforts. Many good blacksmiths could have been developed

from farm boys who have ruined their possibilities by leaving the farm and attempting to become efficient office clerks. About

five years ago a friend of the writer sold a dryfarm which for ten years had barely paid his expenses, and on which he learned only one lesson; namely, that a dryfarm was not his Place. He

is now a prosperous mechanic and is already recognized as a master automobile workman. Of his time, "beneficial use"is

now being made.

Upon rare occasions advantage is found in changing the

Place of diversion or use of water for irrigation, and under proper limitations the public permits a transfer. One of Utah's

IRRIGATION AND EDUCATION 493

best irrigators recently found that he could purchase water at a very low cost, which had been stored during the flood season, and that by pumping it only fifteen feet high he could irrigate a 40acre tract of alfalfa land in the valley bottom. But he had

a vested water right to the alfalfa land which had been irrigated since 1865. He had also a 40acre dryfarm near the valley

foothills for which he could not afford to buy stored water, since the cost of raising it to the higher land would have been excessive. By building a short canal, however, he found that he

could divert the water from the creek which had always supplied the bottom land, at a point higher up in the stream than the point of diversion in use, and thus irrigate the dryfarm very cheaply. By so doing, and also by purchasing stored water for

the bottomland alfalfa farm, he contributed to his own welfare and to that of his community. The public properly permitted

him to transfer the old water right to the higher land.

Likewise under some conditions a change of one's Place in educational endeavor is a mark of Progress, but stepping stones to real success are not found in the life of a nomad.

Fundamental changes in soil, and therefore in the waterneeds of plants, have frequently followed a few years'practice of irrigation. Some choice soils once porous and open,

thirsting for water, have been irrigated in abundance till the ground water table has been raised to a point which threatened to smother productive plant roots. The points of maximum soil

productivity and of gravest danger to plant life have in many

Places been reached at the same time. And then, to insure the

permanence of soil fertility and to avoid the dangers of overirrigation, the public has asserted that "beneficial use"of excessive quantities of water could not exist, and that perhaps other Places must be permitted to use part of the water supply. The underlying basis of rights to the use of water thus lends

itcelf to the needs of the hour.

Similarly, fundamental changes in human ideals, and therefore in the educational needs of men, have followed a few generations of selfgovernment. In centuries past, favored classes

till class of men thirsting for knowledge were highly educated distinction threatened to smother tendencies toward selfgov- ernment. The periods of the highest educational development

among the few, and of the gravest danger to the perpetuation of democracy, were in many instances reached at the same time.

And then to insure the perpetuation of selfgovernment and to avoid the dangers of overcentralization of education, farsighted statesmen declared that opportunity to obtain an education should be the birthright of every American citizen. Today colleges and universities which were once open only to the favored

few are doing all in their power to design courses of study suited 494 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to men and women in all walks of life. Especially noteworthy

is the complete readjustment of courses and methods of instruction which have been made by American colleges to meet the educational needs created by the great war. These admirable

readustments to meet the needs of the hour clearly afford every individual the opportunity to develop through welldirected systematic study.

With such excellent opportunities afforded, the public properly expects that every individual will make the most "beneficial use"of his time. Indeed it may well be said that "beneficial use"of time is the "basis, the measure and the limit"of

educational development, just as "beneficial use"of water has been declared to be "the basis, the measure and the limit"of rights to its continued use.

But simply finding the Place where irrigation water, or an individual's time, may be "beneficially used"is not enough to insure permanent Progress. That Perseverance, the fourth of the

five P's, is also vitally necessary to success will appear in the following number of the Era.

: 'B i H|;Hf

L iCSiS3r

ri v w1'***? jt '

'Wwkf'"w JC

-. 1

Photograph from Underwood and Underwood, N. Y.

THE EBERT.SCHEIDEMANN PARADE IN BERLIN

T/iis is a scene during the Berlin general elections, Feb. 11, 1919, resulting in the selection of Herr Ebert as President and Herr Phillip Scheidemann as Chancellor of the German republic. The crowd in "Unter den

Linden"can be seen watching the procession, with its many propaganda signs, among which can be seen a striking arraignnmet against Bolshevism, which reads, "For the reign of EbertScheidemann against the Terror."

Waterfalls of Yosemite Valley

By Alfred Lambourne

The naming of all the objects of interest in the Yosemite Valley is singularly felicitous, as it serves to bring the several parts of the wondrous place and its surroundings into harmonious fellowship. Our

feelings of sentiment are not so shocked as they are so often done elsewhere, at the incongruous title of some delectable spot or object of beauty. The old Indian names,

given by the tribe of the Mariposa, are retained, and are full of poetical meaning, as the red man's faith in the power of the unseen spiritual forces of nature was simple and pure. None of these names

are more beautiful or suggestive

of the Evil Wind;thanPohono—Spiritthose given to the waterfalls.

of Diamonds;Pina-ack—Cataract

Meandering, are theYoin-Ye—the

suggestive titles given by the aborigines to those three waterfalls, called in English by the names of the Bridal Veil, the Vernal, and the Nevada Falls. Vernal Falls

received the English name from the intense greenness of the mossy rocks at their base, and either of the two names suit them well. So

also does the name Meandering, the

Indian name for the Nevada Falls;

its water does not fall straight down, but clings to the rocks in wonderfully beautiful curves. The

Bridal Veil is perhaps the more lovely of all the waterfalls, and once seen will never be forgotten.

Pohono, Spirit of the Evil Wind, The Vernal Falls 4% IMPROVEMENT ERA

Nevada Falls Middle Fall of Yosemite

whether or not you linger around your former home we know not, but this we know, so long as the mountain winds sport under thy waterfall, swaying it from side to side, dissipate it in mist ere half way down, and make of it a cloud whereon the rainbows gleam and quiver, so long the paleface looking upon it

WATERFALLS OF YOSEMITE VALLEY 497

Bridal Veil Falls Pohono—Windy Day

will be in a fit mood to believe one and all of the poetic legends which tell the beliefs of the vanished Mariposa. The scenery

of the earth has nothing more beautiful than the waterfalls of the Yosemite valley.

Judiciary System of the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints

By Elder James E. Talmage, of the Council of the Twelve

The essential purpose of the Gospel of Jesus Christ is to save mankind from sin, and to enable the sinner to retrieve his character through contrite repentance and by further compliance with the laws and ordinances based on the Atonement wrought by the Savior of the race.

The Church of Jesus Christ, which as a corporate entity is the organized body of which the Gospel is the vital spirit, must of necessity provide a system of order and discipline for the guidance and government of its members.

In accordance with the revealed law of the Church, a complete judiciary organization is maintained in the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints; and its operation has been

strikingly effective from the beginning.

On the basis of territorial classification, the smallest fully organized unit is the Ward, which is presided over by a Bishop, with whom are associated two other High Priests as Counselors, the three constituting the Ward Bishopric. As assistants to the

Bishopric, there are deacons, teachers and priests.

Wards are aggregated in broader territorial units, known as Stakes, each Stake comprising such Wards as are conveniently situated, without numerical limitation except as the requirements of efficiency make necessary. The presiding body

within a Stake is the Stake Presidency, consisting of the President and two Counselors, each of the three being a High Priest.

Assisting the Stake Presidency is a High Council, composed of twelve High Priests.

The General Authorities have jurisdiction over the entire

Church, according to their respective callings. At the head

stands the President with two other High Priests as Counselors, the three constituting the First Presidency of the Church. Next

in authority is a body of twelve High Priests, specially ordained as Apostles, and these form the Council of the Twelve Apostles.

The usual order of reformatory and disciplinary ministry is in general as follows. Should knowledge of any case of

wrongdoing, or lack of harmony between or among members, come to the attention of the Bishopric of a Ward, it is their duty to delegate two or more priests or teachers to visit the parties concerned, and to try by brotherly mediation to bring about a reconciliation, or if there be evidence of actual sin, to report the facts to the Bishopric and make formal accusation.

If the case so warrants, the Bishopric sit as a court, before whom the accused person appears after due notice and summons. If

JUDICIARY SYSTEM OF THE CHURCH 499

he denies the allegations of misconduct, he is given trial, in which his rights are scrupulously protected. Should he be found

guilty, the Bishop's court requires the offender to effect restitution if such he practicable, or to make amends so far as the nature of the case allows; or, in cases of grave offense, formally

withdraws fellowship from the guilty one, or excommunicates him. The penalties never involve fines, deprivation of liberty,

or levies on property; and the extreme judgment that can be

rendered is that of excommunication from the Church, or, for lesser offenses, disfellowshipment.

An appeal may be taken from the Bishop's court to the

Stake Presidency and High Council, which tribunal possesses both appellate and original jurisdiction. Appeals from the

action of a High Council may be made to the First Presidency only, whose decision is final. The Council of the Twelve

Apostles is designated as the Traveling Presiding High Council of the Church, and they may officiate as a trial court anywhere within the Church; though this they do only in cases of

very serious concern, or wherein Church members of different local units are involved, or as the First Presidency directs them to assume jurisdiction.

The purpose and basal plan of operation of the ecclesiastical courts was thus set forth by Joseph Smith, and the affirmation is authoritative through formal acceptance by the Church:

"We believe that all religious societies have a right to deal with their members for disorderly conduct according to the rules and regulations of such societies, provided that such dealings be for fellowship and good standing; but we do not believe that any religious society has authority to try men on the

right of property or life, to take from them this worldts goods, or to put them in jeopardy of either life or limb, neither td inflict any physical punishment upon them; they can only excommunicate them from their society, and withdraw from them

their fellowship."(Doctrine and Covenants 134:10).

That the courts of the Church in no sense assume to oppose or supersede the secular law is shown in a revelation given as early as 1831, wherein it is expressly required that if members of the Church commit crime, if they kill, or rob, or lie, they "shall be delivered up unto the law of the land."See

Doctrine and Covenants 42.

We hold that in matters of difference between brethren, in which no specific infraction of the secular law is involved, and in offenses called "civil"as distinguished from "criminal", it is as truly unworthy of members of the Church today as it was in Paul's time that "brother goeth to law with brother";

and that it stands to our shame if righteous judgment cannot be rendered among ourselves. See 1 Cor. 6:5-7.

Died in Service

We aim to name all the soldier boys within Utah and surrounding states who have died in the service of our country. To this end the Era will be

pleased to receive the facts, in a short sketch, from parents or friends of any soldier who has sacrificed his life for the cause of liberty, and who has not yet been mentioned in this column. Address: Editors Era, 20 Bishop's

Building, Salt Lake City, Utah.

LieutenantColonel Sherman White, formerly at Fort Douglas, with the 20th infantry, died in France, November 3, 1918.

C. Ellwood Garvin, Park City, Utah, died of pneumonia, at Camp

Kearny, Friday, October 25, 1918. He is survived by his mother, Mrs. Lucy

R. Garvin.

William Richardson, son of Mr. and Mrs. John Richardson, of Camas,

Idaho, died in a hospital in France, September 25, 1918, of bronchialpneu- monia. He was a member of the 18th division.

Angus N. McKellar, 18 years of age, Salt Lake City, died at the post

hospital, Fort Douglas, December 4, 1918, of pneumonia. He was a sergeant

of D company of the S. A. T. C, of the U. of U.

Wilford Wanberg, son of Mr. and Mrs. S. A. Wanberg, Murray, Utah,

was killed in action, November 2, 1918. He was born 20 years ago, enlisted

with the Marines, April, 1918; was trained, and sent to France in September,

1918.

Guy Neyman, son of Mr. and Mrs. C. L. Neyman, Idaho Falls, Idaho,

died of wounds in France, in October, 1918. Mr. Neyman left home in the

latter part of 1917, and had been on the front in active service for some time.

Herbert C. Leslie, Salt Lake City, 59th infantry, 4th division, was killed

in action, September 5, 1918, in the battle of the Argonne Forest. He was

a son of Thomas and Marie Leslie; enlisted September 19, 1917, and went

overseas, April 24, 1918.

Lawrence Greene, son of Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Greene, Salt Lake City,

died at Mare Island, California, October 20, 1918, of influenza. He was 22

years old; entered the navy, May 28, 1918. Besides his parents, he leaves

his widow and seven brothers and sisters.

Clarence E. Geertsen, son of Mr. and Mrs. E. R. Geertsen, Montpelier,

Idaho, 21 years old, died of pneumonia, at the League Island Navy Yards,

November 26, 1918. He enlisted in the Navy, November, 1917, and was a

member of the crew of the U. S. S. Missouri, at the time of his death.

Harry D. Humphries, son of Thomas and Susie Dimond Humphries,

Murray, Utah, machinist in the aviation corps, died in France of pneumonia,

October 26, 1918. He was born in London, England, October 17, 1886, came

to America 16 years ago. He married Miss Jessie Stainer, of Murray, February 14, 1918.

Virgil Cole, son of Mr. and Mrs. O. T. Cole, Salt Lake City, Utah, a

member of D company, 61st infantry, was killed in action October 13, 1918, on the Western front, near Cunel, France, being struck by a machine gun fire. He was killed almost instantly. He was buried in the town where be

met his death.

Guy H. Western, Deseret, Utah, son of Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Wood

Western and Clara Phillips Western, was killed in action in France, October 31, 1918. He was born March 31, 1893, was drafted in the fore part of

DIED IN SERVICE 501

April, and went to Camp Lewis, April 28, 1918, thence to Virginia, and from

Virginia to France.

Harlow Vincent, H company, 362nd infantry, died in France, September 28, 1918, of wounds received in battle. He was the son of Mrs. Jane

H. Vincent, Salt Lake City; was 23 year sold. He left home for Camp

Lewis April 27, 1918, and in October, after six months'training at Camp

Lewis, was ordered to France.

Robert Hints, Pocatello, Idaho, died in a hospital in France, on February 14, 1919, according to an official message from the war department received by his wife, Mrs. Robert Hints. Mr. Hints was connected with the

346th machine gun battalion, and had been in France for the past ten months.

Death was due to pneumonia.

Sergeant Harold K. Olmstead, 25 years of age, son of Loren A. Olmstead, Salt Lake City, was killed in an airplane accident, Monday, March

% 1919, at Fort Sill, Okla. He enlisted at Fort Douglas, January, 1917, and

was sent to Waco, Texas, and later to Fort Sill, where he met his death.

His body was sent home for burial.

Sidney A. Sorenson, son of the late John P. Sorenson, was killed in

action in France, October 10, 1918. He was 29 years of age, received his

military training at Camp Lewis, was later transferred to Camp Kearny, and went overseas in the summer of 1918. He is survived by his mother, two

brothers, and one sister, Salt Lake City.

Walter Monson, son of Mr. and Mrs. Edward Monson, Ogden, Utah,

was killed in action, October 31, 1918. He went to Camp Lewis, May 3,

1918, was sent over with the 364th infantry, 91st division, and arrived in

France in time to take part in the big American offensive. He is survived

by his father, two brothers and two sisters.

Henry Smith, son of Mrs. Rosa Smith, Park City, Utah, was killed in action Nov. 2, 1918. He was born in Park City, September 20, 1894, entered

the army, May 27, 1918, was sent to Camp Kearny, left July 26, and in August sailed for France. He was a member of the 157th infantry. He is survived by his mother, three brothers and two sisters.

Barney F. Johnson, son of Mr. and Mrs. Fred C. Johnson, of Shelley,

Idaho, died in a training camp near Washington, October 8, 1918. He was

born in Shelley, June 7, 1901; enlisted June 7, 1918; was assigned to the

quartermaster's department. He is saic to be the first Shelley boy to lay

down his life in the cause of liberty, in the great war.

Private Vernell Coleman, Midway, Utah, died in France of pneumonia,

September 23, 1918. He left Midway, June 27, 1918, and arrived in France

some time in August. He was the son of Hugh C. and Elizabeth Oliver

Coleman and was 23 years of age. His mother is dead, and he leaves his

father, stepmother and a number of brothers and sisters.

Lawrence E. Felt, son of Ludvic and Annie Felt, died in Ogden, Utah,

February 4, 1919, following a severe nervous breakdown. He was a member of Battery D, 145th F. A., being transferred from Camp Lewis, to Camp

Kearny, June, 1918. Private Felt was mustered out with his regiment at

Logan, January 24, 1919, receiving an honorable discharge.

Private Elmer S. Bishop, son of Heber and Martha E. Cahoon Bishop,

of Hinckley, Utah, died in France, October 19, 1918. He left home July 11,

1918, enlisted in the 145th (Utah) Field artillery, and left for overseas in

August, 1918. He had been in France two months, when he fell a victim to

influenza. He was born in Hinckley, Utah, October 27, 1889.

Edward Hunt Barrus, Grantsville, Utah, was killed in action, September 29, 1918. He was born, October 22, 1893, and is the son of Owen H. and

Mary Ann Hunt Barrus. He left for Camp Lewis, September 19, 1917, was

assigned to headquarters company, 362nd infantry, went overseas with the 502 IMPROVEMENT ERA

91st division in July. Besides his parents, he is survived by five brothers

and four sisters.

Lieutenant Jay H. Hague, only son of Mrs. Jane R. Hague, died at

Bordeaux, France, Oct. 26, 1918, of pneumonia. He attended the first training

camp at Fort Sheridan, Illinois, and was one of the 100 men sent overseas for special duty in September, 1917. He was bayonet instructor in the

American army in France and England until last April, when he was made deportation officer.

Logan H. Bryant, son of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Bryant, Cedar City, Utah,

died of pneumonia, at Camp Wheeler, Oregon, November 23, 1918. He

entered the service, February 13, 1918; was sent to Vancouver, Washington,

to the Spruce Camp; later transferred to Garibaldi, Oregon, from which

place he was sent to the hospital at Wheeler, where he died November 23, 1918, on his 27th birthday.

Lieut. Louis Rowe, Salt Lake City, son of Mr. and Mrs. W. T. Rowe,

died at Camp Jackson, South Carolina, October 4, 1918. He was 23 years

of age, left for Kelley Field, Texas, January 1, 1918, was transferred to

Camp Sheridan, Atlanta, then to Camp Taylor, Kentucky, where he received his commission as lieutenant in the heavy artillery. Besides his parents, he

is survived by two brothers.

Lionel Charles Dover, Cedar City, Utah, son of Mr. and Mrs. John E.

Dover, was killed in action in France, September 19, 1918. He was in the

first company of drafted men from Iron county, leaving Cedar City, October 3, 1917; was trained at Camp Lewis, then transferred June 24, 1918, to Camp

Merritt, New Jersey, and went overseas in July. He married Miss Josephine Harris, of Cedar City, June 4, 1917.

Monroe McDonald, son of Mr. and Mrs. William McDonald, Heber

City, Utah, died of pneumonia, in France, September 12, 1918. He was

born in Heber City, March 11, 1888, entered the service from Duchesne county, June, 1917, trained at Camp Lewis, in company K, thence to

Camp Merritt, arriving fn France, August 18, 1918. He is survived by his

parents, four brothers and two sisters.

Arnold E. Johnson, member of the medical corps, 45th division, died in

France, February 1, 1919, of bronchialpneumonia, according to word received by his wife, Mrs. Helen Carlton Johnson, of Provo, Utah. He was

the son of Mrs. Eliza E. Johnson, Lovell, Wyoming, where he lived up to

joining the army in May, 1918. He was married only two days prior to

his leaving Camp Lewis. He was 27 years of age.

. Davies, son of Mr. and Mrs. T. W. Davies, Salt Lake City, Russel W

died following an operation for appendicitis, at Camp Jones, Arizona. His

body arrived in Salt Lake, December 3, 1918, for burial. He volunteered

and became a member of the 1st cavalry regiment, April 19, 1917, was assigned to troop 2 and stayed on the Mexican border; he was a student of

the West High school at the time of his enlistment.

Joseph Hyde Merrill, son of Dr. Joseph F. Merrill, Director of State

School of Mines, and the late Laura Hyde Merrill, died in the post hospital,

Fort Douglas, December 3, 1918, of influenzapneumonia. He was 19 years

of age, a member of the S. A. T. C. at the U. of U. He was a great

grandson of the late President John Taylor, and the grandson of the late

Marriner W. Merrill, of the Council of the Twelve.

Eugene Isgreen, Tooele, Utah, died at Fort Wingate, New Mexico, February 20, 1919, of pneumonia. He joined the army in 1918, and was in a

number of camps before he was transferred to Fort Wingate. He was the

only son of Solomon and Alice Isgreen, of Tooele. He is survived by his

parents and two sisters. The body was brought to Tooele for interment,

and services were held in the South Ward church, March 2.

Leonard Farley, Ogden, Utah, 8th company, 5th regiment, U. S. Marines,

gave his life while under fire in going for water for members of his com.

DIED IN SERVICE 503

pany, on the Western front, October 4, 1918, according to word received by

Mrs. Kate Sobel, mother of Farley. Farley was trained at Galveston, Texas,

and enlisted with the Marines, December, 1917, going to France in the spring of 1918. He is survived by his mother, one sister and six brothers.

John Elmer Jones, son of Mrs. E. S. Jones, of Willard City, Utah, died

at Herricourt, France, of bronchialpneumonia, October 13, 1918. He was

25 years of age. He entered the service, May 15, 1918, received his military

training at Boulder, Colo., and at Camp Lodge, Iowa. He is survived by

his father, mother, four brothers and three sisters. This information was

kindly sent the Era by Dwight Harding.

James Wallace Wilson, son of Susan Wilson, a widow, Salt Lake City, died at Coblenz, Germany, Feb. 20, 1919, of pneumonia. He was 24 years

of age; left New York, for France, in the 10th F. A., June 3, 1918, after

being in the service since June 19, 1917. He saw active service at Chateau

Thierry and other points at the front. He was a native of Salt Lake City,

and besides his mother is survived by three brothers and two sisters.

Joseph A. Morrison, Franklin, Idaho, son of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Morrison, died at St. Paul, Minnesota, October 10, 1918. He was in training in

the United States aviation school; was born in Franklin, Idaho, June 7,

1891. He spent two years in the Southern States mission, returning in the

spring of 1917, and in the Fall of 1918, he volunteered his services in the aviation corps, spending part of his time in Texas and then in St. Paul,

Minnesota.

Sergeant Jack P. Wright, Salt Lake City, was killed in action in the battle of the Argonne Forest, September 27, 1918. He is the son of Mr. and

Mrs. H. P. Wright; was 25 years old; went to Camp Lewis, September 1",

1917, where he trained until June, 1918, sailing for France in July. He wer.t

to the front in September, as a member of the 362nd infantry, 91st division.

He is survived by his wife, infant daughter, his parents, two sisters and five brothers.

Wrolf C. Olsen, Iona, Idaho, died of wounds received in action, October

26, 1918. He was among the first men drafted from Iona, leaving for Camp

Lewis, October 3, 1917; was assigned to he 361st infantry, Camp Lewis,

where he remained until June 20, 1918. He arrived in France in the latter

part of July. He was the husband of Zelma Collap Olsen. Besides his wife,

he leaves his father, stepmother, one sister and two brothers. He took part

in two great battles.

Joseph Smith Morris, son of Eliza S. Morris, Mesa, Arizona, died on the

battle front of France, October 21, 1918. He was inducted into the army,

September 19, 1917; left with the Maricopa contingent for Camp Funston,

Kansas, was a member of the 340th F. A., battery C. He was at home on a

furlough, January, 1918, and left for overseas, January 12, 1918. He was

S.born in Mesa January 3, 1889, and was the son of Hyrum B. and Eliza

Morris; his father died in 1915.

I, 59th infantry, Private LeRoy E. Benson, Coalville, Utah, Company

A. E. F., died September 16, 1918, of wounds suffered on the firing line. He

was first wounded July 19, 1918, in the big drive that turned the tide of battle against the Germans. He went to Camp Lewis, October, 1917, thence to

Camp Greene, and to Camp Mills, whence he embarked for overseas in

May, 1918. He was a registrant of Summit county, having lived with his

. uncl'e, Frank Rippon, in Coalville, Utah

Salt Lake City, Sergeant Roxy W. Slater, son of Mrs. J. L. Conkhng,

died January 19, 1919, in a hospital at Grievers, France, of lobularpneu- monia after an illness of only a few days. He enlisted in Elko, Nevada,

1, October 1917, was trained at Camp Lewis, and sailed for France, July 1918 He was a member of the 316th ammunition train, was promoted to a sereeantcy after three months in France, and was one of the men who helped to make the reputation of the 91st Division. He was 27 years old.

504 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Peter Carl Peterson, born June 5, 1897, at Castle Dale, Emery county,

Utah, son of Peter and Mary P. Peterson, died at Fort Logan, Colorado,

October 18, 1918, of influenzapenumonia. He did his full duty in the militry service. His body was sent home for burial and was buried with military honors. He is survived by his father and mother, two sisters and four

brothers. He enlisted, Sept. 30, entered the service October 12, 1918, and

belonged to the 19th recruit company, Fort Logan, Colo.

Charles LeRoss Tucker, son of Mr. and Mrs. Francis Tucker, My ton,

Utah, died in the service of his country in France, October 31, 1918, of pneumonia. He was born in Fairview, Utah, July 24, 1893. He enlisted at

Los Angeles, California; he was studying music at Los Angeles when the

United States entered the war, and there enlisted, training at Camp Kearny, with the 145th F. A., sailing for France, June 27, 1918. He was one of the

"Mormon"colonists that were driven out of Mexico during the trouble there some years ago.

Prvt. John Leslie Bauner, son of Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Bauner, Coalville, Utah, died of pneumonia, at Camp Kearny, according to information

from Upton, January 29, 1919. He was 21 years old, and had been in

training with the field artillery since Sept., 1918. The body was sent

home for burial. He is survived by his parents, four sisters and two

hi others; his last words to his mother who was at his deathbed were:

"Tell the folks not to feel bad; I am only one out of thousands."He

was the first Upton boy to die in service.

William Lofthouse, mentioned on page 422, Improvement Era, Vol. 22,

was born in Paradise, Cache county, Utah; drafted June 25, 1918; was in

his 25th year, and went over seas in August, 1918, with the 59th infantry, being later transferred to the 111th. With only a few weeks of training,

he was thrown into heavy fighting, and went over the top ten times without a scratch. Later he was stricken with pneumonia and died in base hospital

51, December 10, 1918, in France. This information was received from letters to his parents from Red Cross officers, after the imperfect information found on page 422 had been printed.

David LeRoy Dean, son of Charles and Ellen Dean, of Woodruff, Utah, died in France, December 29, 1918, of bronchialpneumonia, according to a message received by his wife, Mrs. Miranda Snow Dean, of Evanston, Wyo.

He was wounded September 26, 1918, and was being cared for at one of the base hospitals, when pneumonia developed, which caused his death. He

was born at Woodruff, February 4, 1890, educated in the common schools, attended the Brigham Young College, at Provo, filled a mission in the eastern states, and was married in the Salt Lake temple, October 11, 1916.

He left Evanston with the draft contingent, May 26, 1918, for Camp Lewis, sailed for France August 5, and his division was sent into action September 26. Besides his wife and parents, he leaves seven brothers and five sisters.

Grant M. Romney, son of Mr. and Mrs. Heber J. Romney, 24 years old,

died in France, October 12, 1918, of infectious grippe. He was born January 7, 1894, attended the West High School and the L. D. S. U., filled a mission in Holland, in 1913, was transferred from Holland to the Western

States mission, serving for nearly two years, and acted as president of East

Iowa conference for eight months. He enlisted when war was declared between Germany and America, went to the Radio school at the University

of Colorado, then to Camp Dodge, Kansas, Camp Mills, Long Island, and in August, 1918, went overseas to France. He was married to Miss Ella

May Nester, five days before leaving for Boulder, Colorado. He leaves his

parents, his widow, two brothers and five sisters. Bishop George Romney,

Salt Lake City, is his grandfather.

Paul D. Peterson, son of C. W. and Hilda Peterson, Salt Lake City, Utah,

a nephew of Mrs. Lund, wife of President Anthon H. Lund, died in Altrich,

DIED IN SERVICE 505

Germany, Feb. 15, 1919, of blood poisoning. He joined the army in Idaho

Falls, Idaho, Jan. 24, 1918, went to Camp Lewis, June 26, was assigned to

Company 9, Third battalion, Signal corps, later was transferred to Fort

Leavenworth, Kansas, where he volunteered to fill a company preparing for overseas duty, and was sent to Camp Merritt, New Jersey, for final training in this country. He sailed for France, August 31, 1918, with the 15th

service company. Overseas he was assigned to company E, 55th battalion

signal corps, and fought with it in the Argonne Woods and other places on the front until the signing of the armistice. He was in Germany with the

army of occupation, remaining there until his death. He was 31 years of

age, and the family was celebrating his 31st birthday when a telegram arrived, announcing that he had passed away.

George WiUiam Carlile, born in Heber City, Utah, July 14, 1894, was the son of Mr. and Mrs. George R. Carlile. He attended the public

school in Charleston, the Wasatch High school, at Heber, and the B. Y.

University, at Provo. When nineteen, he was called to fill a mission

in New Zealand, laboring among the Maori people, from January 28, 1914 to April 20, 1917, being president of the Nuhaka district during the last year of his mission. On May 30, 1917, he was married to Miss Fern

Price, of Charleston, Utah. In June, 1917, he left for Arizona, but came

to Utah in August in answer to his Country's call; on October 3, 1917, he

went to Camp Lewis, training until the latter part of June, 1918, when he went to Camp Merritt, thence to France in July, where he remained until

September 26, 1918, and took part in the battles of St. Mihiel, and the

Argonne Forest. He was called into Belgium in October, was made a

corporal, went to the front again on October 31, when he was wounded, while fighting on the Flanders front. He died of these wounds, November

1, 1918, and is buried at Staden, Belgium. He leaves his parents, his wife,

one child, one sister, and three brothers to mourn his loss. He died as

he lived, "for others."He was a member of the famous 91st Division,

Company L. 362nd infantry. Information sent the Era by Mrs. T. Fred

Winterton, Charleston, Utah.

The West

By Ezra J. Poulsen

Here's to our mighty Westland, the summit of the earth, the crown of creation. Poets have sung its praises; artists have painted its beauty; and

prophets have extolled its future; therefore let its citizens cherish its

greatness.

It is a land where the golden gates of opportunity stand ajar to welcome the weary and oppressed; the brave and the strong. Surrounded

by the blue and purple heights of its majestic mountains, and painted by the crimson glory of the sunset, it is the great divide over which pass the sorrows of yesterday to become transformed into the hopes of tomorrow.

The West is big, and strong, and magnificent. The spirit of freedom

is in the breath of its bracing atmosphere; and over its peaceful valleys

and rockbound canyons, rests a halo,—the halo of righteous contentment. Prosperity flourishes on its fertile soil, and man's perversity is

being subdued by its sublime influences. It is a land chosen above all

others, for into it God led the vanguard of his people.

Garden City, Utah Vivid View of France and the War

. Young By BrigadierGeneral Richard W

[This most striking view of the World War, and description of scenes and conditions in France, just before and after the armistice, was written by General Young to his home folks on his return from an official trip to the front for purposes of observation and instruction. He

does not forget to mention the German situation, and among other declarations, expresses his fear that the German people will "derive nothing but pride from their exploits in this war. Though defeated, they are by no

means humiliated."Their economic slavery will dawn upon them later.

His conception of the situation and opinion of the existing combination of circumstances will both instruct and enlighten the reader. Editors.]

Camp de Souge (Gironde), November 21, 1918.

last evening from a jourDear Ones at Home:—I returned

ney, aggregating about 1600 miles, which, no matter how long

I may live, must stand out as one of the most vitally absorbing experiences of my life. Believing that you will,be interested

in a detailed relation of those experiences, I shall describe them with such particularity as time may permit and my memory and powers of description will render possible.

The time occupied by the trip extended from Saturday,

Nov. 9, 1918, to Wednesday, Nov. 20.

My companion throughout the entire trip was Major Robert

I. Bentley, Jr., of San Jose, Calif., the Brigade Adjutant; Private

Geo. B. Roth, Headquarters Detachment, 65th F. A. Brigade, of

Stockton, Cal., my chauffeur. Captain Elmer E. Chase, 144th

Field Artillery, accompanied us from Issur-Tille to, and along the front and back to Paris, whence he went by train to Clermont-Ferrand, the station of his regiment.

The People and Cities of France

In order to permit you the more graphically to visualize our experiences, I will attempt a brief description of the people of

France and a bird's eye view of the country.

Ever since our arrival, our curiosity has been aroused as to the effects of the war upon the people of this devoted country.

The villages and towns of the rural districts are oppressively of the southern and central portions ofdeserted—I speak now

France which have not been ravaged by war. As we ran through

a village extending for a half mile along the road, we would see not more than two or three women and children on the streets and many of the houses seemed to be unoccupied, their windows

VIVID VIEW OF FRANCE AND THE WAR 507 being tightly barred with shutters. We would travel for miles

along the roadways without meeting a vehicle or individual.

Automobiles have almost ceased to be operated in France for purposes of pleasure, and such riding as is possible is done in funny little carts drawn by ponies or donkeys infinitesimally small.

We have seen no evidences of poverty in France, at least none comparable with the rags and distress of some of the larger English cities, and yet in view of the unprecedented prices of food and clothing it is a marvel how the people are able to live at all. On working days, all seem to be comfortably clad

while on Sundays and holidays they appear in excellent clothing usually of stylish appearance. The children are particularly

well dressed as a rule. One is struck with the healthy appearis notably true of theance of the young people of France—this

girls, who are round and robust and not characterized by the appearance of frailness that marks so many of our American girls. There seemed to be no young men anywhere in France

who are not wearing the uniform of a soldier. The civilian popseemsulation is made up of women, children and older men—it

impossible that France could have called into service any substantial number of men in addition to those already under arms.

The reception accorded to Americans by the entire population is cordial to the utmost. Men, women and children seem

desirous of rendering every possible service to Les Americaines.

Should you stop for a moment at a road crossing to enquire the way, they spring to your assistance, and the children climb onto the running board of your auto to answer your inquiries.

Speaking of the children of France, you could not fail to be impressed with their beauty, their brightness and their politeness. They seem to have none of that rudeness that characterizes so many of our own children. As we fly along the roads

or through the streets, they universally greet us with a wave of the hand, a shout of welcome, or with the salutation of "Goodbye."It has been a matter of frequent comment among us,

that the girls and women of France bear a much more striking resemblance to our own women and girls than do those of that France faces throughout see very many England—you of America. in any part foreign as being you not strike would

The men are considerably foreign in their appearance. All,

men, women and children, are vivacious, happy and sociable.

It is to be noted with great regret, however, that the morals of the people seem to be low. Their illustrated peridoicals

contain pictures and stories that would not be permitted to pass through the mails in the United States. Their theatrical

performances and their ordinary conversation, I understand, permit, all too frequently, suggestions of immorality that would 508 IMPROVEMENT ERA

be shocking to our sense of propriety. Prostitution prevails to

an unbelievable extent. Young girls and women, many of them

in mourning, almost kidnap you on the streets of their cities and even their smaller towns. A very large proportion of French

girls and even women are flirtatious in their conduct and attitude toward men. France will never be rehabilitated unless she

abandons licentiousness and develops the family spirit.

French architecture lacks diversity. Every farm is a walled

enclosure, around the four sides of which are the residence, sheds and stables and within which are the animals and fowls of the farm, and the great piles of manure without which the productiveness of the ancient soil of France could not be maintained. In the villages and towns, as well as in the cities, the

houses are built in continuous lines, wall to wall, along the narrow streets. Sidewalks have hardly room enough to allow

two persons to walk side by side. There is scarcely a porch

in France, nor a lawn, nor a bed of flowers. The windows have

great shutters which for some inexplicable cause are usually closed and locked. All structures are of stone, roofs are tiled,

and what their edifices lack in attractiveness they make up in solidity.

I must not forget to mention the French bed. I have slept

in hotels in cities, towns and villages and in private houses, and everywhere the French bed is a wonderful institution, composed of a box mattress with perhaps a wool mattress and always a featherbed, with wonderful linen, and on top of all a down comforter, sometimes as thick as a featherbed and always, seemingly, too small for the purpose for which it was designed. After sleeping on these most excellent beds, and in

view of the fact that we spend such a large portion of our lives in bed, I have concluded that perhaps we are too careless in

America as to the quality of our beds.

As regards food, there has never been any restriction on meat since we have been in France; bread seems to be limited,

and even American officers and soldiers, when traveling, are required to produce bread tickets in order to be served with that necessary article of food. Potatoes are scarce, while other

vegetables seem to be plentiful, but all are extremely high in price. Butter is strictly forbidden to be served, and sugar

cannot be obtained in the hotels, sacharine, in liquid form, being furnished in lieu thereof. We had a costly but an amusing experience in Paris on Sunday. Major Bentley ordered

an apple and I called his attention to the fact that the price was 5 Francs (90c) per apple, and I, unthinkingly ordered some grapes, which are one of the prolific products of the country, believing that the price would not be prohibitive and ate two small a cost of 7 francs, (about $1.26). We had bunches—at

VIVID VIEW OF FRANCE AND THE WAR 509

ham, French fried potatoes, bread without butter, and coffee or chocolate, and the cost of the meal to each of us was approximately $3.

The interiors of the residences and hotels of the better class are, of course, very "Frenchy"in the large number of gilt framed mirrors, ornamental clocks, Louis XIV furniture, etc. They all

lack in that hominess that characterizes our own homes and hotels. Baths exist, here and there, but not in the same frequency as in America. We found one hotel in Paris where

baths could be obtained only on Thursdays and Fridays on account of the scarcity of coal.

The roads of France must have been wonderful before the

American invasion and the war. They are usually about 20

feet wide and are macadamized, they are lined with a row, sometimes two rows, of trees on either side and are curbed with rock almost throughout. My splendid 8-cylinder Cadillac

would run along on many of these roads almost without a tremor at 60 miles per hour. But the French and American army trucks

and the absence of laborers have done much to diminish the condition of these roads. While, as I stated above, there is

very little private traffic along these highways there is an enormous quantity of army transportation moving in all directions, and everywhere, as you contemplate our travels through France, you must picture to yourself interminable convoys of trucks and other automombile transportation of various kinds; we

would meet lines of 5-ton trucks, French and American, loaded or empty; long lines of Ford touring cars and trucks; ambulances almost without number; long lines of artillery of various sizes with their limbers and caissons; baggage wagons with

huge loads of miscellaneous supplies drawn by American mules or French horses; rolling kitchens, either of the substantial

French type or the lighter American style. In nearly every city

we found American soldiers acting as military police directing traffic at the cross roads. Morning, noon and evening, American

soldiers lined up for their meals. It is said that the custom

that prevails in the American service, of soldiers falling in for "chow"was the cause of some of the heaviest casualties suffered by the American arms at the front; that instead of

going occasionally one by one to the kitchen, as do the French and English, they could not depart from their custom of lining up, a formation that was readily observable by the enemy, who would open fire at once upon them with their batteries.

Some cities seemed to be reserved to the French soldiers and others to the American, while in still other places soldiers of both nationalities were quartered. The French have not adopted

any neutral color for their uniforms. The French soldiers are

510 IMPROVEMENT ERA

always dressed in the light skyblue, whether behind or on the line.

There are few mountains of any size in France, except along the eastern and northeastern boundary and, of course, along the Spanish boundary. The remainder of the country is

made up usually of rolling hills with valleys along which run their numerous and beautiful streams. Every inch of

land seems to be cultivated. Patches of forest exist, through

government requirement I imagine. All over France here and

there are chateaux of wondrous beauty surrounded by great estates in the highest state of cultivation. The French have

a way of building cities and towns along the crests of ridges and on the summits of hills. I remember distinctly Langres,

a city of considerable size and importance in the center of

France, that crowns the point of a ridge that extends several hundred feet above the surrounding valleys. It is evidently a city of the middle ages and is surrounded with a very

impressive, mossgrown wall that must be fifty feet high in places, capped, here and there, with towers and flanked with bastions. Viewed through the woods that occupied the lower

slopes of the hill, this sky scraping city is wonderfully picturesque and attractive.

A Visit to the Battle Front It has been the policy of General Pershing to send the commanding Generals, the Adjutants and the operation officers of Brigades to the front for purposes of observation and instruction. Under that policy, I received telegraphic orders from

Adjutant General Davis, of the American E. F., to proceed

with my Adjutant by automobile to the Headquarters of the

Second Army, starting after November 9, the date of the completion of our six weeks course of artillery training at Camp

De Souge. Inasmuch as, however, we finally completed our

course by the firing of the barrage on Saturday morning, I made arrangements to leave immediately after luncheon on that day, November 9.

We ran out of the sand and dismal country surrounding

Souge, passed the cemetery wherein 14 members of the Utah

Regiment lie buried as the victims of Spanish Flu, through the great city of Bordeaux, now nearly double its usual size, across the splendid bridge spanning the river Garonne, over the low hills northeasterly to the city of Libourne, where we crossed the river Dordogne. The country through which we

were then passing is the most famous wine producing region of

France, the home of many of the favorite vintages of the connoisseur. Our journey Saturday and all day Sunday, generally

VIVID VIEW OF FRANCE AND THE WAR 511

speaking, was in a northeasterly direction. We passed through

Perigeux and stopped for the night at Limoges. This is the city

wherein the famous Haviland china is manufactured. At dinner I saw Lieut. Col. Binford, who, as Captain, was Quartermaster of the 20th Infantry at Fort Douglas at the time that

we were encamped there. We took breakfast at a "canteen"

operated by the ladies of the American Red Cross. Here we had

a substantal American breakfast including oatmeal and ham and eggs at a trifling cost. The cashier was an extremely goodlooking and interesting girl from Denver, Colorado, who leaned

over and informed me that she was very much impressed with the star on my shoulder.

We made an early start and ran through a most delightful country along some of what must be the best roads in the world.

We climbed around innumerable curves to the top of a high ridge upon which was situated the beautiful city of Chateauroux.

But it was with this city as with all French centers of population. Distance lends enchantment to the view.

Afar off, with the white walls and the red tile roofs of the buildings embowered amidst trees and surrounded by endless green fields, a French town possesses infinite beauty and charm; but alas! when you enter its confines, the charm is

largely dissipated, since, as before explained, there is an absence of flowers and lawns and front yards and porches and such accessories as make so greatly for the attractiveness of a city; while, in addition, your nose is saluted with the rank

smells that arise from the open sewerage of the streets. You

are certain that you have escaped typhoid in France only because you have been subjected to inoculations against it. Probably the explanation of the fact that all Frenchmen are not

dead with the typhoid lies in the fact that through generations of living under such conditions they have arrived at immunity from attack.

We took luncheon at another Red Cross canteen "manned"is located by American girls, at the city of Bourges. Here

the second greatest cathedral in France, first being the war scarred edifice at Reims.

Continuing we passed through the insignificant little village of La Guerche, which, until a few days ago, was the Headquarters of General Strong and the 40th Divsion; and through

Nevers, a substantial city situated on the beautiful river Loire, which we here crossed. We found a resting place for the night

at Dijon, also a city of considerable size and beauty. We stopped

at the Hotel Des Cloches, where I had a beautiful homelike which, needless to say, I paid a very room, with bath—for

handsome price.

The next morning we ran over to Issur-Tille, the Head512 IMPROVEMENT ERA

quarters of the Second Army as we had been incorrectly informed. The censorship in France, even among the military

forces, has been so rigid that it has been impossible or difficult for us to obtain accurate information, or any information at all, respecting the location of troops or individuals. While making inquiries as to our further progress, we ran into Captain

Elmer E. Chase, who, as Adjutant of the 144th Field Artillery,

had been ordered to the front for observation. I invited him

to accompany me on the trip which, of course, he was delighted to do. Captain Chase is a gentleman of the first water,

whom it was a great pleasure to have with us. He is said to

have one of the most attractive homes at Carmel, near Monterey. He and Major Bentley have been life long companions

and are devoted friends.

So, with a roll of bedding on both running boards and one in front of the rear seat and our hand baggage, gas masks and steel helmets on the seat with the chauffeur, we continued our journey, through Langres and NeufChateau to Toul, the Headquarters of Lieut.-Gen. Bullard, Commander in Chief of the

Second Army. We arrived at Toul just as the armistice took

effect. The front lines were only four or five miles away and, had

we stopped our automobile for a moment we could have heard the last shots of the Great War. The "Place"of the city was

filled with great cheering crowds of civilians and French and

American soldiers; an American band came down a main street

playing "Tipperary,"followed by scores of American soldiers each with a kiddy on his shoulder. I called in to see General

Bullard, who was a plebe at West Point when I was a cadet captain. He told his staff how high he considered my position

then to be. I reminded him that those were the days when I

ranked him. Now, however, he holds with General Liggett, a

West Point contemporary of mine, the exalted rank of Lieutenant-General.

That afternoon we ran out to the front lines at Saizerais, the headquarters of the Corps. It was at this town that a day or

two later, I saw Dan Spencer, now a Corporal connected with the Intelligence Department of the Army. The boy is the picture

of health and has gained greatly in weight. He has been in

France for 14 months and no doubt has seen very much hard and hazardous service, but has not reached a commission because of the fact that he has been serving with a French Ambulance unit. A day or two later at Barle-Duc I saw Mr. O'Brien, the

coal man of Salt Lake City, who likewise had served with the

French Ambulance Corps but who had succeeded in landing a commission as 2nd Lieut, in the Sanitary Department of the

U. S. Army. He has earned the Croix de Guerre.

From Saizerais we ran through Manonville, Noviant, BerneVIVID VIEW OF FRANCE AND THE WAR 513

court, Ramboucourt, Bouconville and Apremont to Woinville.

The last named town was the Headquarters of the 4th Corps, commanded by General Muir. Here I found Brigadier General

Briant S. Wells, with whom I made an appointment for luncheon the following day. It was the great pleasure to "meet up"

with him. One of his staff took a snap shot of us, of which I

am promised a copy. There being no accommodations in the

vicinity, we ran back, some 20 miles, to Commercy, where I was able to secure a small room in the roof, my companions sleeping in their bed rolls on the office floor of the hotel. We took

time by the forelock, however, and reserved rooms for the following night, anticipating that our plans would permit us to return.

Among Actual War Scenes Our journey from Toul to Woinville, was our first introduction to the actual scenes of war. We saw acres and acres, miles

and miles of wire entanglements; also interminable infantry

trenches, and innumerable gun emplacements, many of which were still occupied. Here we first found camouflaged roads, hundreds of miles of which we were destined to see throughout our

journey. Traffic along these roads were hidden from the observation of the enemy either by willows or small branches woven

into a mat 10 or 12 feet high, or by a line of gunnysacking of equal height. Where Germans had had possession of the road

the camouflage lay between them and the French, while the

French, of course, constructed their screen between them and the enemy; in some places the roads had passed from the control

of one side to the other and then both sides of the roads were found to be screened. In other places attempts were made to

prevent aerial observation of the roads by suspending pieces of camouflage much like the flys of a theatrical stage. It was

during this afternoon drive that we first found villages and towns that had suffered from bombardments. Nearly everyone of the

towns that I have mentioned was completely ruined, not so much as one building remaining within which a family could find shelter. Yet, in nearly all of them we encountered groups of soldiers, usually American, since our journey was confined largely

to the American Sectors. These had cleared the debris from the

streets in order to make them passable and were making themselves as comfortable as possible amidst the scenes of desolation in which they were stationed.

On the 12th we returned to Woinville, and under the guidance of a lieutenant placed at our disposal by General Cruickshank, we proceeded northward through Buxerulles, Buxierres,

Heudicourt, Nonsart, Pannes, Beney, St. Benoiten-Woevre to

Woel. All these towns were along the front of American occupation, and the Germans were only a mile or so away. Near the

514 IMPROVEMENT ERA

last named town we left our automobile and went into the

Boisde-Raudronville, where we examined a number of long 155mm guns, manned by Americans, that had had the privilege of playing a part during the final days of the great drama. We

walked down through the woods toward the German lines, our automobile being unable to proceed on account of shell holes in the road, and at our outer picket lines discovered groups of

German soldiers and officers, who had walked over from the

Hindenburg Line only a half mile away. We were informed that

numbers of our own men and some officers, even though intercourse was forbidden, had gone over to the German lines. These

soldiers were well clothed and appeared to have been well fed. They were very military in their bearing, much more

so than our own men who happened to be in the vicinity. I

talked with one of the German soldiers who had spent sometime in England. He was aware of the fact that Wilhelm

had abdicated and that a republic was in the process of formation, but he was not an enthusiatic republican; said he did not

know which he would prefer, Kaiser or a Republic. The German officers here and elsewhere, wherever we saw them, stood

or strutted around with the insufferable air of superiority that made one wish, almost, that the war might have been prolonged until they might be properly humbled.

I fear that the German people will derive nothing but pride from their exploits in this war. Though defeated they

are by no means humiliated. It has required substantially the

entire world to defeat them—such will be the flattering unction

that they will take to their souls. They will attribute defeat

to economic causes, the lack of food and materials, and to internal disorders. They will claim that if the German people

had remained true to themselves and united they might have won the war even though, Bulgaria, Turkey and Austria had fallen to them not exaway—in other words, that defeat came

ternally but internally, but in making this contention, they will overlook the fact that their economic distress and other internal dissensions were the results of the successful war waged against them by their enemies. Though their territory remains

practically uninvaded, their defeat is none the less certain and complete. Their surrender of materials of warfare has made

treachery and the renewal of the war impossible. It may be set

down as certain that the final treaty of peace will impose penalties upon the German people that will render them the economic slaves of the Allied governments for many years yet to come. city of considerable size, We ran over to St. Mihiel—a

largely destroyed, where we found General Richmond P. Davis,

commanding the American Artillery that was serving with the

VIVID VIEW OF FRANCE AND THE WAR 515

17th French Division. General Davis with his Brigade had left

Camp de Souge after we arrived there but through a determination to get into the controversy, and by "butting in"as he expressed it, almost without orders, he succeeded in having his Brigade participate for about three weeks in the engagements around the St. Mihiel salient.

In going from Woinville to St. Mihiel, we found innumerable lumber barracks constructed by the Germans. These were

located on the northerly slopes of high hills and were thus protectedcomfortable—infrom the firesomeof casesthe French.they wereTheseornamentedbuildingswithwererusticvery

porches and the interior of the rooms were plastered and tinted.

In the rear were deep dugouts for protection from cannon fire.

We spent the night again in Commercy. We were now on

the Meuse.

The next day we ran eastward to Toul where I had a pleasant call on Major General Lassiter, the Chief of Artillery for the Second Army. He impresses me as a man of superior

ability and great activity, who must have come to the front had the war been prolonged. Here we met Captain Williams, of my

staff, and Captain W ard, Adjutant 145th Field Artillery, who had just arrived. These officers were assigned to the several Brigades of the Second Army and had excellent opportunities of

observation. Lieut. Wolcott, of my staff, and several other

officers who arrived a day later were sent back to their stations under orders fom G. H. Q. not to permit any further observers

to visit the front. Just as we reached the outskirts of Toul an

American aeroplane fell to the ground near the road. On

arriving at the spot we saw the body of the aviator carried on a stretcher from his ship.

We ran over to the Moselle and down through Mirpache to

Pont-a-Mousson, a city that is partly on one side and partly on the other side of the river. One span of the connecting bridge

had been destroyed, but replaced with a temporary structure of doubtful strength, which we drove over without knowing that its use was confined exclusively to foot passengers. Here

Major Bentley found Captain Moveus, a Fort Sill classmate, now Adjutant of a colored artillery regiment that had seen considerable arduous service in the recent campaign. With him

and a Lieutenant Benton we went to the top of Cotede-Mousfeet high. This hill isson—a conical hill several hundred

crowned with the ruins of a castle of the middle ages. Fragments of the walls of the citadel at the top of the hill still

remain, while encircling the crown of the hill below are numerous other walls wherein, presumably, the baronial followers of Arc, at the top found a home and refuge. A statue of Joan

516 IMPROVEMENT.ERA

of a tall, white monument now caps the scene. The hill is honeycombed with tunnels ending in chambers from which through

heavy concrete slots the entire surrounding country may be overlooked. This hill has never been in possession of the

Germans and has proven to be an invaluable possession of the

French and the Americans in their operations in the vicinity.

Appreciating its military importance, the Germans have repeatedly shelled the spot and the effects of their cannonading are visible on all hands.

Fortunately the day of our visit was unusually clear and from the top of the hill we had a clear cut view of the city of

Metz, only twelve miles away.

The American troops had been in conflict with the Boche right at the foot of the hill for a number of weeks, and we saw the graves of American soldiers scattered here and there, 19 or 20 having received burial a half hour before our arrival.

Descending the hill, we approached the German lines and as it happened the National Boundary, our progress being through several villages that had suffered so greatly that it was almost impossible to distinguish where the streets had once existed.

Here we learned that some of our soldiers were in contact with the Germans just ahead of where we were compelled through shell holes to leave our automobile, and that they were securing automatic pistols, helmets and other souvenirs, by the exchange of slickers? and sweaters and cigarettes, talking down in the

direction indicated we saw a colored soldier whom I asked:

"Are there any Germans around here?"he replied, "No suh,

no suh, dey is no Germans heah, we has permission to keep 'em out."This reminds me of an experience we had that evening on going into the city of Nancy. It was dark, and just as

we were about to enter upon the bridge; a big negro soldier

loomed up in front of the car and waved his hand for us to stop.

"Has you a pass?"I told him that we had none, and he stated,

"Well, no one but a general's allowed to go cross heah without a pass,"whereupon I informed him that I was a General Officer and he thereupon exclaimed: "I begs youah pawdon, suh, am

dese youah substitutes?"referring to Major Bentley and Captain

Chase; I told him they were, and so he let us pass.

Near the Cotede-Mousson we went out on the main road along the river where we found our engineer troops filling up large holes that had been dug underneath the road without destroying the surface as traps for tanks and other military vehicles that might pass. It was here, at our extreme outpost,

that I saw a group of German officers and among them one wearing a pair of glasses, who was smoking a cigar with such an air of contemptuous superiority as he gazed upon our soldiers filling up a tank trap, that I sincerely regretted that the

VIVID VIEW OF FRANCE AND THE WAR 51?

war had terminated without his having learned its lessons. I

confess to an itching desire to "beat"him.

Nancy is the old capital of Lorraine, which was formerly a duchy independent of France. The last Duke left his crown

to his fatherin-law Stanislaus, the deposed King of Poland, who very greatly beautified the city, notably in the design and construction of the public square, which is one of the architectural gems of Europe. On one side of the square is the Hotel

de Ville. On two other sides are buildings of uniform appearance, while on the fourth side is a lower structure, all of great

architectural beauty. Connecting the buildings all around the

square are great iron gates and fences, the work of John Lamour, said to have been the world's greatest iron worker. His

work also adorns the balustrades around the windows of the square. We had a modest dinner at "Les Oiseaux,"which cost

us over $6.00 each, so great is the cost of food at the hotels and

costrestaurants of fair indicaFrance—a rum omelet $3.60—a

tion of prevailing prices.

In and About Verdun From Nancy, where we stayed all night, we ran through

Toul back to St. Mihiel, where we had luncheon with General

Davis, a gentleman whom it is always a pleasure to meet. From

here we continued down the Meuse through Genicourt and city around which this Great WarHaudainville to Verdun—the

has staged its bloodiest tragedies. The city is not altogether,

though very greatly, destroyed. It was at the time of our visit

the scene of the greatest possible military activity. As we

approached its walls we passed innumerable trains and troops, and within its borders thousands of Americans and French soldiers. The citadel is a great hill comprising many acres of

ground through which, beneath 100 feet of dirt and the barracks and houses that crown the top, are innumerable chambers and passages, used as headquarters for the commandant, as canteens, kitchens, mess halls, hospitals and sleeping apartments; these we were shown through by an officer detailed for

arthe purpose by the commanding officer. On the day of our

rival at Verdun and the next day we encountered thousands of soldiers belonging to the 26th American Division, formerly commanded by Major General Clarence Edwards. This division

rehad seen hard and bloody service at the front and was now territurning to the rear. The men bore every evidence of the

ble strain which they had undergone. Our attention was directed,

a few days earlier, to the fact that every soldier who had seen service in the battle lines told the story of his experiences chiefly this to be true, and in the hollowness of his eyes. We found

every man that we passed in this battletorn division plainly told in his eyes and on his face the tragic story.

518 IMPROVEMENT ERA

There being no accommodations near by, we returned to

Barle-Duc for meals and accommodations for the night. On our

way we stopped at Souilly, where we found Lieutenant General

Liggett, the Commander of the First Army, and next to General

Pershing himself the most conspicuous figure of the war, who was three years ahead of me at West Point. The soldiers had

made a spotless town of Souilly. 'The General handed me his

own private map showing the location of the several corps and divisions of his command. We found rooms and had meals at a

large hotel maintained by the Y. M. C. A. in Barle-Duc. A Japanese MajorGeneral with his son were guests at the hotel.

The next morning we returned to Verdun. Here, the commandant of the citadel was kind enough to detail an Adjutant

to accompany us out to the forts along the north of the city. This

officer, whose name I do not recall, has been in and around Verdun throughout the war. He was stationed for two years in Fort

de Souville, to which he first conducted us. This is one of a

series of forts crowning hills at a distance of from three to six or eight miles from the city. This fort now resembles a heap

of rubbish. Every wall or building that formerly entered into

its composition has been battered down. It may be said that

neither within this fort nor, indeed, at any place for miles around, is there a square foot of ground that is not included within a shell hole. The greater majority of these holes were

made by the German 77mm. guns, and are usually five or six

feet in diameter and two or three feet in depth, but interspersed with these little fellows are the great holes made by heavy of these are fully twenty feet across and eight toguns—some

ten feet in depth. In Fort de Souville there remained only two

disappearing steel turrets with their 155mm. guns still in good

working order. The turret within which this gun is located rises

four or five feet when the gun is discharged, the turret then returning to its resting place while the gun is reloaded. The massive steel plates crowning these turrets showed numerous glancing hits by massive projectiles.

From here, we drove over to Fort Douaumont, the scene of the greatest and bloodiest struggles of the war. On our way

over, we discovered that the intervening country is a continuous cemetery. The crosses of dead French and German soldiers appear on every hand. It is a tragic circumstance that many men

were buried in the banks of the trenches right where they fell it would have been impossible under the stream of shot and shell then flying to have buried them elsewhere. It is said that tens

of thousands of men are buried with no mark to indicate their final resting places. Our guide informed us that during the

course of the war the French had suffered over 400,000 casualties

VIVID VIEW OF FRANCE AND THE WAR 519

around Verdun and the Germans 600,000—nearly half of these

figures represent men actually killed.

Douaumont, like its sister forts, is torn beyond recognition.

Here and there, in and around Verdun, are cemeteries within which may be seen in long, impressive lines the crosses of thousands of dead French soldiers, each patriotically adorned with the tricolor of France.

Leaving Verdun we proceeded down the Meuse through

Bras and Charnay to a desolate and absolutely forsaken spot where was nailed the sign, "This was Forges."From here

through Bethincourt, Malancourt, Montfaucon, Mantillois, Cunel and Bantheville to Dunsur-Meuse, we passed through absolutely the most warstricken region that we have seen in France, excepting only the country surrounding the forts at Verdun. Every

town is a heap of ruins and rubbish. Every tree has been cut

down by cannon fire. Nearly every square rod of ground shows

the effect of cannon fire. An American aeroplane with its nose

sunk into the ground marked the spot where some American aviator and possibly his accompanying observer met their final fates. A number of French tanks, with their 75mm. and machine guns still in place were the obvious victims of German

cannon fire. Rows of graves near which, marked merely with

the bayonet of the soldier, indicated where these brave tank men had found a final resting place. This ground was not only

the scene of terrific conflicts between the Germans and the

French, but was the axis of advance of the American troops during the past few weeks. American graves, single or in groups,

were encountered everywhere, marked frequently with a cross, but often merely with a stick or a bayonet. On this cross or stick

was the dead man's steel helmet and his identification tag. In a

little clump of bushes near a German machine gun emplacement was a piece of board upon which was written: "Here lie seven

unidentified German soldiers."German and American steel

helmets were scattered here and there for miles and miles,several of which were brought back as souvenirs. Accompanying these

sights were wrecked guns and caissons and limbers and trucks, while all over France, wherever war has raged, may be found cannon amunition in the greatest profusion; down on the Marne,

still may where the first battle was fought, German ammunition be found in enormous quantities.

The extent toward which the Americans have contributed to the desolation of the region, that of the Argonne Forest, which

I am describing may be understood when I state that General

Allen told us that his brigade of artillery shot 69,000 rounds in 24 hours; this would co3t, I imagine, not less than $2,000,000.

We found Major General H. T. Allen, a West Point class

is in command of the Ninetieth mate of mine, at Mouzay. He

520 IMPROVEMENT ERA Division and informs me that his division suffered substantially 7,500 casualties. He was located in a house formerly occupied

by German soldiers as a club, as appears by a German sign on the building. In passing I may mention, that all of that part

of France that has been occupied by the Germans throughout the war contains signs in German giving road directions, names of streets, etc. General Allen's chief signal officer has been

Lieutenant Colonel Nolan, who served with us at Camp Kearny.

Major Andrews, a grandson of General Schofield, is on his staff;

his chief of staff being Colonel Kingman, son of General Kingman, now deceased, a classmate of Colonel Willard Young. We

remained all night in Mouzay, having been billeted in the homes of some of the French people who had remained there throughout the war. The good people with whom I stayed described

how the Crown Prince rode, by hores or automobile, nearly every day down through the village from Stenay, his place of residence, to the battle front at Verdun. They had seen the

Kaiser, the King of Bavaria, and nearly all of the great German soldiers pass their home during the war. They did not picture

the Germans as being excessively cruel, but complained that they compelled all the inhabitants to work at the miserable pittance of about two cents per hour. For some unaccountable reason,

the returning Germans shelled the town with ordinary and gas shells after evacuating it and before the arrival of any American troops. General Allen carries a little electric plant, run

by gasoline, with his headquarters, with which he provides a small circuit of electric lights.

On to Sedan The next morning we visited Stenay and saw the chateau in which the Crown Prince lived for a period of more than six months while he was directing the operations of his army at

Verdun. We attempted to go northward on the right bank of

the river to Sedan, but were stopped by an American sentry who informed us that his orders were to prevent anyone from crossing over to the German lines just beyond. In view of this we

returned to Sassey, crossed the Meuse and proceeded northward to Sedan through Beaumont, Rancourt, Angecourt and Remilly, but at the last named place learned from the officers of the Algerian French troops that we could not proceed along the river, but would be compelled to take back into the interior, certain bridges having been destroyed. Our interview with these officers was very amusing, inasmuch as we attempted to explain our

object in French, to which they listened with great patience, and replied in impeccable English. Through this country we saw a

great many German gardens, principally of cabbage, some of it red cabbage. We also saw thousands of German prisoners on

VIVID VIEW OF FRANCE AND THE WAR 521 their way to Sedan to form a part of the grand triumphal entry into that city which was scheduled for the following day.

We were not permitted to enter the city of Sedan, but obtained a view of it from the opposite bank. We were particularly interested in the city of Sedan, not merely because of the

part which it has played in this war but chiefly of the fact that it is the place where Napoleon III and his army surrendered to the Germans nearly fifty years ago.

It was at this point that we came in contact with a great number of returning French prisoners. They were oddly clad

and smiling their contentment on returning to France. Without exception, however, they were all thin and pale, and showed

indications of lack of proper nourishment and the strain undergone in the German prison camps.

Scenes About Reims, the Cathedral City

From Sedan we proceeded southeasterly through Le Chesne,

Vouzieres, Jouniville to the city of Reims, which we reached just at Sunset. For four years Germans have been within

shelling distance of this city. The fields are scarred with

trenches and encumbered with endless meshes of barbed wire.

The roads are all camouflaged. Here and there we saw German and French trenches in the closest touch with each other.

From the hill over which we approached the city, it appeared to be a most attractive spot, but as we rode into its streets, we found nothing but desolation; not a person moved within those

ruined precincts. From the distance the city appeared to be

almost intact, but we discovered that there is not a house within its limits that is not completely as to thirteen ruined—except

buildings which in some degree are susceptible of habitation.

Block after block as we proceeded along the street car tracks from which cars have long since disappeared, and on either hand as far as we could see up and down the cross streets, there roof was shatteredwas nothing but ruin and desolation—every

and every wall was pierced. The inhabitants had flown to other

parts of France, and that which five years ago must have been one of France's most populous, beautiful and attractive cities, is now, it seems certain, destroyed beyond the possibility of repair. One speculates as to the future of this city. For my part,

I cannot see that it can ever be restored. Has it, in fact, ended

its career as a city, or will those who have called it home and love its memories return to restore and rebuild it with infinite cost and labor?

Near the cathedral we found a few soldiers and civilians there, as we were, to gaze at the beauties of this wonderful structure and to mourn over its profanation. I have seen many of

the most sublime and beautiful buildings of the world, but with522 IMPROVEMENT ERA

out hesitation I declare the Reims Cathedral, even in its partly ruined condition, to be the most sublime of them all. Fortunately the front of the building is opposite the German lines,

and so far as I was able to see, has not suffered a single shot.

The rear and sides received many hits and the two towers are considerably injured. I am happy in the belief that the buildtrust that under the treaty of peace thising can be restored—I

will be required of Germany. I must add, however, that in view

of the great destruction that the rest of the city has suffered it appears to me that the Germans have not deliberately shot to they have made it their target fromdestroy the Cathedral—that

time to time is no doubt certain, but I feel assured that if they had deliberately set out to demolish the building they could have done so during the four years that it has been within easy range of their guns.

The Cathedral is impressive in its great proportions; its

grace and symmetry are harmonious beyond description, while its carvings and finer work are exquisitely beautiful. The softened light of the setting sun added an indescribable charm to

the scene. There can never be erased from my memory the spectacle of this noble building to which cling so many of the historic memories of France. How superbly this building must

have dominated the scene throughout its long history of peace!

How still more sublimely do its shattered walls and pinnacles overlook the melancholy ruins and desolate fields that now surround it.

Down the Marne to Paris We spent the night at Epernay, taking dinner at a charming little hotel where a meal costs six and onehalf francs, that cost precisely double the price in Paris the next day.

The following day we ran down the Marne into Paris, passing on the way through the battlefield of Chateau Thierry, where the American troops first distinguished themselves, and where we found innumerable evidences of recent warfare, including the melancholy sight of numerous American graves.

We arrived in Paris on a historic day, that of the removal from the monuments erected in the Place de la Concorde of the crepe that has adorned these monuments ever since the FrancoPrussian War. All Paris was on the streets throughout the day,

and the greater portion of the night, aeroplanes swept the sky and even skimmed along the Seine. The procession containing

150,000 people marched from the Arc de Triumph to the Place de la Concorde wearing wreaths. Many veterans of the former

war were in the procession, grayhaired and graybearded like the veterans of our Civil War. The joy of the people was intense and unbounded. The Americans and the English joined

VIVID VIEW OF FRANCE AND THE WAR 523

with the French in enthusiasm. The Americans were particularly the objects of French admiration. Our little party was

surrounded on several occasions by groups of young men and young women, dancing a sort of ringaround-theroses, much to the delight of the spectators and somewhat to our own confusion.

not before, much to our regretWe learned afterwards—and

that the customary way of breaking the circle is to kiss the girls.

We were each covered with confetti. The hundreds, perhaps

thousands: of German cannon had been parked here and there

throughout the city, but the people helped themselves to them, and the next day they were scattered all over Paris.

End of the Conflict

Our return trip was made in two days, Tours being our intermediate resting place. We left Captain Chase at Paris, where

he was able to take a train for his station at ClermontFerrand.

Thu& was concluded a journey that will forever remain one of the most vivid and impressive experiences of my life. It was

our privilege to go from one end to the other of the entire front line, occupied by the American troops. We beheld these troops

and their German enemies in precisely the same positions that they occupied when the great war sounded its last harsh note.

The troops were in their bivouac and trenches, and machine guns and cannon remained where they had fired their final shots.

The command posts of company, battery, battalion, regimental and general headquarters remained unmoved. There was, indeed, complete preparation and readiness on all hands to meet

any treachery that might manifest itself. Supply and ammunition trains were still functioning. Indeed, it was as if the battle had just ceased for a moment, and all were pausing for its

renewal. These conditions existed only for a few hours longer.

Even now, after the lapse of two weeks, these lines have completely disappeared. The armies of occupation are marching

to their positions along the Rhine, while all of the troops are retiring to permanent quarters in the rear. It will never again

be possible to see this scene clothed in the full panoply of war.

Countless thousands will visit the scenes of this great struggle, and they will be impressive in their desolation; but the ruins

will be mossgrown, and grass will be found in the shell craters.

The life of the scene, as we had the privilege of beholding it, will have departed, and only the imagination can call back, and that feebly, the grim and heroic figures that we saw, or animate the scene with the myriad movements and bustle that mark the presence of a great army.

The Song of the Chinook O-o-o-h! O-O-O-h! 0-0 OH!

My warm breath sweeps the fields of snow

As over hill and dale I go I melt the icefrills from the trees

And sift the raindrops through the breeze;

I sigh where rivulets are bound

With Winter's chains to frozen ground;

I melt the frost links one by one

Until the crystal streamlets run!

O-o-o-h! O-O-O-h! 0-00-H!

At night when all the lamps are lit

Around the chimneytops I flit;

I ticktack on the window pane With mammoth drops of winter rain;

I shake the casements and the door.

And through the treetops wail and roar;

I squeeze the water from the snow

And puff my cheeks, and blow and blow

O-o-o-h! O-O-O-h! O-O-O-H!

My voice sounds mournful when I sing,

Although my songs are songs of spring;

I tell of days when sap will run

And songbirds greet the golden sun

Of days when blossoms bright and fair

Spray priceless perfumes on the air

Of days when rosebuds will unfold

And love's old tale will be retold!

H. R. Merrill

The Extremity

By Nephi Jensen

"Here is a ticket to Jasper, Florida, and $6.35 with which

to purchase your meals tomorrow, and transportation from

Jasper to Istachatta, Florida, your destination. You will reach

your destination day after tomorrow morning."

It was the secretary of the Southern States mission who spoke. His remarks were addressed to Elder Arthur Brown,

who was just stepping on to the train at Chattanooga, Tennessee, which was to take him on his way to his assigned field of evangelical activities. The secretary had correctly figured the sum of

money necessary to pay for the three meals and the ticket from

Jasper to the town with the unpronounceable name. But he had

inadvertently left out of account a contingency which was to bring the young elder prematurely face to face with the stern realities of missionary life.

The secretary, however, was acting in full accord with the policy of the mission in sending Elder Brown out of Chattanooga with just enough money to pay actual transportation to his appointed field of labor, and closely figured incidentals. Elder Elias

Kimball, who was the President of the Southern States mission at the time, was a very pronounced believer in the idea that a missionary's usefulness did not commence until he had been deprived of every human prop and support, and had been compelled to place his trust solely in the strength of God. In putting into effect this policy, he inaugurated and enforced rigorously the rule of having his elders travel without "purse or

scrip."Elder Brown took the ticket and money, and entered the train blissfully assured he would have a pleasant, uninterrupted journey to southern Florida. All went well until the following

evening, when he reached Jasper, and suddenly discovered that the secretary had made a mistake. His train out of Jasper did

not leave until 8 a. m., the following morning. The $5.35 which

he had left was exactly the price of the ticket he must purchase in the morning. But he was without means for obtaining lodging for the night. He could not stroll into a hotel and register

with the carefree air of one who had unlimited finances to back up his bluff. Nor were there friends at hand to give him aid.

And the thought that he had entered upon a calling which, in 526 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Florida, at that time, was very much despised, only added to his already deepening sense of humility.

"Mormon"elders had actually been mobbed out of the town just a few weeks before. He, however, was spared the disquieting knowledge of this fact. But as it was, he was having the

sternest experience of his life. Without purse or scrip or friends,

he was for the first time in his life compelled to turn to the

Friend of Friends. With a completely mellowed spirit, he

breathed a silent prayer that the hotel keeper might be disposed to lodge him for the night. It was the kind of prayer that Coleridge speaks of as "the very highest energy of which the human

mind is capable."And it prevailed. The very proprietor of the

town hostlery who had aided and abetted the mobbing of the elders a few weeks before took the young elder in.

It was an entirely new world that Elder Brown opened his eyes upon the next morning. The deep experience of the night

before had so intensified and purified his sensibilities that trees and sky, and the commonest things, seemed infinitely fairer than ever before. Once for all, he had learned that it is not novelty

that gives joy, but intensity of appreciation of the commonplace.

He had passed through the narrows. God had walked by

his side. That greatest of all thoughts, "I cried, and God heard

me,"was his. It had completely purged his soul of its coldness and hardness, and in his heart deep gratitude had taken

the place of hollow gaiety, and pride had turned to gentle meekness.

As he walked to the depot, he felt the most ineffable kindness for every creature. Passing a real southern negro, who

had never in his life been greeted by a white man, Elder Brown in a most cordial way said, "Good morning."

say, captain?"responded the colored "Wa'd—er—er you

man, half dumbfounded. When the elder, with even more

warmth repeated the salutation, the negro said very hesitatingly, "Wall I—I recon it is."

The negro could not understand it. A white man in a frock

coat had actually said good morning to him! It was the miracle

of miracles. To him it seemed as if the whole course of human nature had changed. And so it had. The elder's soul, by

the magic contact with God, had passed through a spiritual fluxing and had been cleansed of the spirit of this world, with its accompanying pride and vanity. Gone were all thoughts of

fame and selfish pleasure. And yet the riches of riches were

his. For he had become sincerely "poor in spirit,"and thereby

become heir to "the kingdom of heaven."

The Passing of the Deseret Museum

By James E. Talmage, Director

In 1869, the institution that later came to be known as the

Deseret Museum had its beginning in a small tworoomed adobe house, which stood near the southeast corner of the site now covered by the Deseret Gymnasium tennis courts, adjoining the majestic Hotel Utah. It was then known as the Salt Lake

City Museum and Menagerie. Indeed, the little establishment

was more menagerie than museum then and for several years following.

As the collections increased, and as the inanimate exhibits came to overshadow the "zoo"feature, and more particularly because the diminutive building was needed for other purposes, the Museum was given a somewhat more roomy home in a twostory adobe structure on the ground now occupied by the

Vermont building, nearly opposite the south entrance to Temple

Block.

The establishment of the Salt Lake City Museum and Menagerie was a private enterprise. In the late 70's the institution

became the possession of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints; and for several years thereafter it was fostered

directly by the Church as a means of public education. Then,

in 1885, the custody of the Museum was vested in the Salt Lake

Literary and Scientific Association, a corporate body founded to promote interest in educational pursuits. The name Deseret

Museum had by this time been officially adopted.

Through sale of the ground, in 1890, another removal became necessary; and the collections were housed in the Templeton building, then one of the newest and most nearly upto-date

structures in the city. In this, the third abiding place of the

institution, such exhibits as the limited space would accommodate were opened to the public in January 1891.

In 1893 the Museum underwent a fourth installation, this time on the top floor of a new and relatively commodious structure, erected by the Salt Lake Literary and Scientific Association, on First North between First and Second West streets, and known as the Church University building. Here the collections were exhibited from March 1893 to July 1903. Then

528 IMPROVEMENT ERA

another change came about, and this entailed the suspension of the Museum as an open institution for a term of seven years.

Title to the Church University building had been transferred as part of an endowment gift to the University of Utah;

and, when the University removed to its splendid campus on the East Bench, the ownership of the building passed to the

State, thence to Salt Lake City,.and next to the Salt Lake City

Board of Education, under whose administration it is now in service as the science and laboratory quarters of the West Side

High School.

In the meantime another change of proprietorship had been effected. Through the inability of the Salt Lake Literary and Scientific Association to maintain the Museum, the

title thereof reverted; and, at the Association's request, in

November, 1899, the Church assumed its many liabilities and few assets. As to whether the Deseret Museum belonged to the

one list or the other was at the time of transfer problematical.

From July, 1903, to July, 1910, the collections remained in storage, though the Museum was by rio means dead, as uninterrupted activity in adding to the collections was maintained, mostly through exchange with larger and richer institutions.

Meanwhile the Vermont had been erected as a modern office building; though one entire floor, with parts of two

other floors, and a section of the basement, had been arranged with a view to museum purposes. As stated, the Vermont

covers the site of the building which constituted the second home of the Museum; and with due confession of sentimental

emotions, be it said, that in the installation the Director had his offices established over the actual spot on which had once stood the old house of sundried bricks, wherein his worthy predecessors had striven so devotedly to keep the institution alive, under conditions of real poverty, both as to equipment and personal remuneration.

On July 11, 1911, the Deseret Museum was again opened, and continued in active operation until the early part of

August, 1918. At first a small admission fee was charged, with

liberal provisions for exemption in the case of school classes and other organizations; but this was soon abolished, and the

institution was made free to the public.

In this brief treatment no attempt will be made to pay tribute to the devoted and sacrificing efforts of those who served the struggling institution throughout the first three decades of its history. This has been attempted though but partly accomplished in an earlier writing. A fairly comprehensive account

was published in August, 1911, as a well illustrated pamphlet, entitled "Deseret Museum Bulletin, New Series No. 1."See

PASSING OF THE DESERET MUSEUM 529

also Improvement Era of that month, which issue is No. 11 of

Since the installation in the Vermont building, the Director has been ably assisted by Sterling B. Talmage, B. S. as Curator,

upon whom indeed has rested the greater responsibility in the actual operation of the Museum, and to whose service and skill the effective classification of the exhibits is largely due. We

have been also aided by a succession of devoted assistants, none of whom, however, had any previous training in museum science. Among such are the following, named in the order of

their employment: William Forsberg, Guglielmo Sangiovanni,

who, by the way, had been the curator of the menagerie in the beginning, Brigham S. Young, George Hilton, and John U.

Schow. In the office work, labeling, etc., efficient service has

been rendered successively by Miss Eva Forsberg, Miss Louise

Dansie and Miss Helga Pedersen.

The Deseret Museum has received a liberal measure of approval and patronage. Since its reopening* in the Vermont

building, it has constituted one of the many philanthropies of the miscalled "Mormon"Church. For the last three years of

its history its registered visitors have averaged approximately 4,000 per month.

For over a quarter of a century the Deseret Museum has been a member of the Museums Association, with headquarters in London; and likewise a member of the American Association

of Museums since the establishment of the national organization in 1906.

Material, particularly of a mineralogical value, has gone forth from the Deseret Museum to many of the great museums of America, including the National Museum, and to several of the most prominent museums in Great Britain and in the countries of continental Europe.

Years ago the institution had far outgrown its quarters;

and as the utilization of increased space in the Vermont building appeared impracticable, particularly so in view of the fact that, excepting the rooms already occupied for museum purposes, the building was poorly adapted to such needs, a decision was reached early inl918 to the effect that the building be vacated and that other accommodations be provided for the Museum collections. This change involves more than a mere removal

and reinstallation; it means a distinct segregation into two

separate series of exhibits.

The Museum has never been exclusively an institution of science, history, or art. Nevertheless, it has been far from

nondescript. The exhibits throughout are choice and of well

classified display. There has been no throwing together of

530 IMPROVEMENT ERA

unrelated material. Its invaluable collections of minerals, fossils, paleontological casts, models of plants, mounted birds,

mammals and reptiles, its small but useful exhibits of mounted insects, its extensive and widerange accumulations of shells, corals, and many other aggregations were primarily etc.—these

brought together as teaching material, and to such purposes it is now intended to apply them. This division we shall designate Section 1 of the Deseret Museum, as it has been displayed

since July 1911.

Section 2 comprises the splendid collections illustrative of the life of the Cliff Dwellers, including human remains and artifacts, and other extensive exhibits of an ethnological character, particularly relating to the American Indians and the

Pacific Islanders.

Section 3 includes a large accumulation expressive of pioneer life in Utah, and that of the pioneers before their intrepid invasion and successful subjugation of this part of the erstwhile Great American Desert. This is distinctively the "Mormon"section of the Museum; and the story it tells is an enduring testimony to the vitality of the religious system professed

and lived, as well in early poverty as in later plenty, by the people who are even now so imperfectly understood by the world at large.

The radical change now inaugurated in the Deseret Museum status involves no breaking up nor scattering of the priceless collections, which have been garnered through a half century of devoted and unremitting labor; but instead, a cleavage of

the material along a well defined and predetermined plane.

The collections embraced in Section 1 referred to above have been transferred to the Latterday Saints University, in connection with which institution adequate and otherwise suitable space has been provided in the new Joseph F. Smith Memorial Building. This installation will be known as the L. D. S.

University Museum.

Sections 2 and 3 are provided for in a specially constructed building on Temple Block, adjoining the Bureau of Information. The ground floor is occupied by cases containing the

ethnological material, while the spacious balcony is devoted to the display of pioneer and historical collections. Special

provision has been made for the first log cabin built within the present boundaries of Salt Lake City. This interesting relic

is kept intact, set up on a suitable platform under a pagoda shelter. This installation of Sections 2 and 3 will be known

as the L. D. S. Church Museum.

The Deseret Museum as a unified institution now passes into history. It would be ambiguous, and indeed unfair to the

PASSING OF THE DESERET MUSEUM 531

institution's past, to continue its distinguishing name as that of either of the segregated divisions. And the writer's urgent and

longstanding relieved of the directorship berequest—to be

cause of the imperative demand of other duties—has been

granted. So with this closing chapter of the Deseret Museum's

history, he retires from museum service, though without the least abatement of interest in museums as institutions indispensable to the adequate education and betterment of the people.

He has had charge of the Deseret Museum since January, 1891.

His services have been willingly rendered as a contribution of interest and devotion to the cause, and not for pecuniary compensation.

The change means progress, not retrogression, enlargement not shrinkage. Each of the offshoots is set in fertile soil with

favorable atmosphere, and it is not too much to hope and expect that each shall surpass the record of the original, but now honorably terminated, Deseret Museum.

Noble Words

As I have wandered along life's weary road,

I have looked for something that would ease my load,

I have waited and listened with a silent dropped tear,

When Words, Noble Words, say, "Lo, I am here."

A black cloud hangs over. I am weary and sad,

Bereft of my friends, the best that I had,

Lonely and bleak as winter's cold snow.

When Words, Noble Words, with cheer say, "Hello!"

Words, Noble Words, like the opening of spring,

With bright blooming flowers and birds on the wing,

Come chirping to me and those who are dear.

Words, Noble Words! What have I to fear?

Like fire from the lips of the Shepherd and King,

That made Bethlehem's plains like music ring,

He commissioned his loved ones and sent them abroad,

With Words, Noble Words, in the service of God.

The cloud of night's darkness, that was seen in the sky,

Has spent all its fury and forever gone by.

Away, far away from envy and strife

Come Words, Noble Words, from the Fountain of Life.

say, Before closing my theme, just let me here

The voice of the dear ones that have long passed away,

Like songs of my youth, still hums in my ear

Yes, Words, Noble Words, that comfort and cheer.

Francis McDonald.

Greeting

To the Officers and Members of the Y. M. M. I. A.:

Dear Brethren: It is thought proper that the new superintendency of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations should send you a word of salutation, which we wish

also may be a word of encouragement to both officers and members.

We begin our labors as a superintendency under circumstances wherein there are some elements, not of discouragement, but of irregularity leading to momentary confusion.

Like nearly every other organization of our modern, complex life, our associations have been affected by the World War, now happily drawing to a close in what will soon be called the

Paris Peace Treaty. During the war very many of our officers

and members have been enlisted in the service of our country as officers and soldiers, marines and sailors, in the army and the navy, while many others have been engrossed in war activities at home, to an extent that the work of our associations has been greatly impaired. To the hindrances that the war has intruded

upon us must also be added those produced by the plague of influenza, which accompanied the last few months of the war, and which still lingers, here and there, in the land. This

plague made necessary the discontinuance of our regular association meetings, and disconcerted our plans with respect to the regular program of our Mutual Improvement work.

With the close of the war, and the abatement of the plague, however, and the return of many of our officers and members from the pursuit of war activities to normal conditions of civil life, we hope for a renewal of intense activity in the work of our Improvement Associations.

The regular program work for 19181919 has been practically lost to the associations for the reasons above mentioned, but the committee on summer program and outdoor activities has provided a most attractive and excellent course for the summer seathis we hope in this number of the Era—andson—which appears

will be followed with a zest that will give evidence of the hunger that exists for improvement work, after a period of enforced suspension of it. In this connection it should be stated that the ManEDITORS'TABLE 533

uals for the Senior and Junior class departments will be used as the Manuals for the season of 19191920.

There will soon issue in pamphlet form and also appear in the Era a restatement of the basic principles and aims of the

Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations of the Church, together with a more thorough analysis and synthesis of the organization and the work we intend shall be accomplished.

In connection with this there will be a reorganization of the standing committees of the General Board, with a more specific assignment of department work, the purpose being, of course, the attainment of greater efficiency in all the subdivisions of

M. I. A. activities. In all this we invite the active cooperation of

all stake and ward organizations, as well as of individual officers and members, and of the stake and ward authorities of the

Church.

Our message to you, dear brethren, is that a new and more intense interest is to be awakened in Mutual Improvement organization and work. The need of the work grows more manifest with the passing years. The objectives of Mutual Improvement remain the same that they have ever been, viz., "the establishment of individual testimony of the truth and magnitude of

the great latterday work,"in the hearts of our youth; "the development of the gifts within them, that have been bestowed

upon them by the laying on of hands of the servants of God;

cultivating a knowledge, and an application of the eternal principles of the great science of life."Nobler purpose than this

cimnot be formulated; wider scope for intellectual effort is

inconceivable; a greater field for helpful service to our fellowis allembracing in its verymen is not to be found—the work

nature; and in this work the new superintendency invites your

hearty cooperation with them, with a renewal of interest and an intensified determination to make Mutual Improvement work even more successful than in the past.

Anthony W. Ivins,

Brigham H. Roberts,

Richard R. Lyman,

I. A. General Superintendency Y. M. M.

Outward Ordinances

There is a tendency in the world, and by the world we mean the mass of men and women who are hostile to the truth and to the true followers of Christ, to belittle the outward ordinances of the -ospel. By the outward ordinances we mean, among

others, baptism and the laying on of hands for the grft of the 534 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Holy Ghost. Men often say, "If we have faith in God and|

Christ, and treat all mankind with respect, living righteous lives, it makes little difference about accepting baptism and other outward ordinances, which are merely 'outward signs of an inward grace,'and of little import. Neither does it matter who performs these ceremonies and ordinances."

This attitude is a radical fallacy. Baptism is perhaps not

the main thing in the gospel, but it is just as important as faith in God, and repentance of sin. Without it, two essential necessities to spiritual growth cannot take place: entrance into the

Church of Christ, and remission of sins. And the act must be

performed by one having authority.

Jesus condemned the Pharisees, it is true, for overempha- sizing little things, and forgetting the weightier matters of the mercy, and faith. He said on one occasion:law—judgment,"Woe unto you, Pharisees! for ye tithe mint and rue and all

manner of herbs, and pass over judgment and the love of God:

these ought ye to have done, and not to leave the other undone"(Luke 11:42). In thus speaking, Jesus condemned hypocrisy,

not the payment of tithes, fasting, nor any other outward act commanded of God.

Our Lord and Master in his life emphasized the need of conforming to certain ordinances and outward forms. He submitted to baptism by John, in accordance with the will of God

the Father in whom he had implicit faith, although he stood in no need of repentance. Having no sins to confess, he still

showed a desire, nevertheless, to fulfil the law of righteousness, by being baptized; and the Father was well pleased with his act.

When he came to John to ask baptism at his hands, John forbade him, saying: "I have need to be baptized of thee, and comest thou to me? And Jesus answering, said unto him: Suffer it

to be so now: for thus it becometh us to fulfil all righteousness.

Then he suffered him. And Jesus, when he was baptized, went

up straightway out of the water: and, lo, the heavens were

opened unto him, and he saw the Spirit of God descending like a dove, and lighting upon him: and lo a voice from heaven, saying, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased."

It would appear from this, therefore, that outward ordinances are just as important as inward grace, and cannot be dispensed with, without a stultification of growth.

The ceremony of baptism was not the main thing, but it was just as necessary as faith. Faith alone would not have

fulfilled all righteousness. It was not an empty formality, or

Jesus would not have submitted to it; it was a law of righteousness.

Why is baptism necessary? For two reasons: it is the door

by which men and women may enter the kingdom of God, and

EDITORS'TABLE 535

Christ has said, "He that entereth not by the door unto the sheepfold, but climbeth up some other way, the same is a thief and a robber."Secondly, it is for the remission of sins, and

without baptism, sin is not remitted, neither can one receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. Peter said in answer to the cry,

"Men and brethren, what shall we do?"coming from the devoted men of every nation gathered to hear his Pentecostal

speech: "Repent, and be baptized, every one of you, in the name

of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost."

It is true that faith and repentance, which are inward feelings, must precede baptism, in order to make it effective. But

we cannot stop at faith and repentance, because if we do, we stop growth and development; and the blessings resulting from

obedience to them cannot be realized unless we submit to these ordinances. Hence the ordinance of baptism is as essential as

faith in God and repentance.

The Latterday Saints do not view the outward ordinances as of secondary consideration. Each ordinance and principle

of the gospel, is as essential as any other. All must be complied

with, for they are all important. The Saints do not pay small

attention to outward forms which by some have been termed the chaff of religion, but consider both principles and ordinances paramount. In fact, there is no chaff in true religion; ours is a

true religion—the genuine gospel of our resurrected Lord and

Savior Jesus Christ—hence, it is all wheat.

Faith and repentance are proved by works, and parts ot these works are baptism, the laying on of hands for the reception of the Holy Ghost, and compliance with the commandments of God as set forth in the gospel of our Master. Neither princinles nor ordinances were considered unimportant by Him His

condemnation was directed against selfrighteousness and hypocrisy.

Books

u T?; Harris Ph. D., Director and a

and compame beetsugar,, American graphy, been w;itten * m the contents to * of yj* index?f valuable years, much a hirty America, in beets sugar to been it has relating ns, 'and in 7*,variousJ*'. scattered is largely material the im this her P**"*

* in the the design of this book, whic\ ha b;

gar bee,,,, conrtV, S&JZteZfS-&S 536 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ililions for growing sugar beets, soils, manuring and rotations, contracts, preparation of seedbed and planting, cultural methods, irrigation and drainage, harvesting, byproducts, pests and diseases, factors affecting quality of beets, production of sugarbeet seed, cost of producing beets, community aspects, sugargrowing, sugarmaking, sugar cane, and world's vise and supply of sugar. Altogether, not only the farmers who are raising sugar beets, and the agriculturists of the sugar companies, but the

students of sugar beets in Agricultural, colleges, will find the book a most wonderful help in their study and practice in this growing industry, and in familiarizing themselves with its many phases. It also discusses the

world's sugar supply.

The author is by no means an inexperienced writer, there having recently appeared from his pen two books, Principles of Agronomy, which is being used as an agronomy text by practically all high schools of the West, and The Young Man and His Vocation, which has recently been added to the list of books being distributed to the United States Expeditionary

Forces by the American Library Association. His latest contribution,

"SugarBeets in America"is pronounced easily the most authoritative and practical treatise on sugarbeet production that has yet been written.

Agricultural College Experiment Station publications, Logan, Utah, recently issued, and can be obtained by those interested on request.

"Factors Affecting the Depth of Sowing Various Crops,"bulletin No.

164, gotten out under the direct supervision of Dr. F. S. Harris, Director

and Agronomist of the Station. A total of 17,280 determinations were

made in the experiments.

"A Method of Feeding Orphan Lambs,"by Dr. W. E. Carrol, animal

husbandman, based on a very practical system by Mr. W. S. Hanson, of

Collinston, Utah. In an actual test, practically 90 percent of a lot of

orphans were so raised. Details in circular No. 33.

"Licensed Stallions in Utah During the Season of 1918,"containing a list of owners and their addresses given by counties, and other valuable information on the subject. Circular No. 35.

"Legislation concerning Water Rights,"circular No. 39; author, Professor A. W. Israelsen. Since 1903, Utah has spent $75,000 in making surveys of river system, but has not yet completed the determination of any

right. "Field Beans,"circular No. 37, containing Utah's experimental work,

and important features of the experimental work and practices of the most successful bean producing sections in the United States, by Professor

George Stewart. The publication contains 45 pages showing how to select

seeds, prepare seed beds, plant, cultivate, irrigate, harvest, thrash, clean and grade the crops, explained in detail. There are numerous tables giving valuable statistics.

Manuals for 19191920

Owing to conditions which prevented the Y. M. M. I. A. from meeting

fcr most of the season 19181919, the General Board has decided that the manuals in use for this year, for the Senior and Junior classes, shall be used for the next year, 19191920. A number of the associations took up

special work for the balance of the season, following the opening in February, others used lessons from the manuals. But owing to the fact that

there are 18 lessons in the manuals, it is believed that there will be ample good matter for the classes of 1919 and 1920, hence the decision. Manuals

may be ordered at any time.

EDITORS'TABLE 537 A Correction

In Charles F. Steele's thoughtful poem, "The Solitary Scribe,"page

314, 8th line from the top, the printer and proof reader speak of "leaning"flames; needless to say the author wrote it "leaping"flames, and

the couplet should read:

"He pauses—his eyes turn from the shining plates

Toward the leaping flames,"etc.

Messages from the Missions

From Adelaide, the Land of Flowers

W. Charles Spence, writing from Unley, Adelaide, South Australia,

January 5, says: "The Era is a wonderful missionary. Its deversified

contents are to the liking of all, one man who is a good judge of literature said: 'The Era is my choice of magazines.'We heartily agree with

him; so, kindly accept our thanks and gratitude for the assistance of such

a worthy helper. Although impaired by lack of assistants, we are endeavoring to carry on the work of the Lord, feeling that it is his will

that our bit should be done in this district. We receive valuable assistance from some of the members of the Church here. Our branch is not

large, but it is in a thriving condition, and we are grateful for the companionship of such true Christians as we have found in this southern

its people. The lana is one ofdime. We love sunny Australia and

flowers, such roses as you seldom see. Missionaries: top row, standing,

Edward C. Phillips, retiring president, Ucon, Idaho; Parson U. Webster,

Cedar city, Utah; W. Chas. Spence, Evanston, Wyoming. Sitting, J. Fred

Potter and wife Cora W., Grace, Idaho.

Anti-"Mormon"Campaign Fails President Charles F. Steele writes, March 11, from Georgia:

"Although the war drew many elders from our ranks, the work of the 538 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Lord is making steady headway in the Empire state of the South. This

week Elder Taylor, son of Bishop T. N. Taylor, of Provo, and I organized

two new Sunday Schools. We have a church edifice under construction at

Empire, Georgia, which will be ready for dedication, we trust, soon. At

Savannah, a city which has not been canvassed for years, a notable work is being done. Recently two souls were baptized by Elder F. J. Burt,

of Ogden. We have many other excellent prospects. In Atlanta, two

representatives of the socalled National Reform Association of Pittsburgh,

Dr. J. M. Tibbetts, an ordained Methodist minister, and Mrs. Lula Loveland Shepherd, of Salt Lake, launched a sensational anti-'Mormon'campaign, in January. The old threadbare, boilerplate, stereotyped, pressagent stuff was rehashed with an extra dash of emotion, in the hope of

swaying the southern mind. Their vile, moneymaking campaign of character-assassination was abortive. It fell flat, and they left the city crestfallen. The press ignored their chatter, and thinking men turned away in

disgust. The most pronounced result of the month's 'warfare'was a

healthy sitmulus to 'Mormonism'and its blessed message of salvation."

Successful Street Meetings Elder McKay Pugmire, writing from Albany, New York, November 16, says: "The Era is a very welcome visitor, anxiously looked for each month

by all interested in the gospel in this city. It is a missionary in itself, and

a great aid to us in spreading the message of truth. We are able to place

it in the reading room of the Y. M. C. A. library, thus helping us to present

the truth before the public. We have only five missionaries, but the work

is going forward satisfactorily, and we rejoice to know that the people are

....

)i

i Hf '. V

becoming more receptive to the truths of the gospel. We have liberal street

privileges, and much good has been accomplished in the eight street meetings we have held during this season. We have found these meetings effective in reaching large numbers of people, and we have made many friends.

Books and pamphlets are always in demand. Elder, standing, Orson J.

EDITORS'TABLE 539 Morgan Salt Lake City; sitting, left to right: Alice Hatch, Woods Cross,

Utah; A. Earl Worlton, Lehi, Utah; McKay Pugmire, St. Charles, Idaho

(conference president); May I. Ingles, Ogden, Utah.

A Good Choir of FiftyFred L. Peterson, secretary of the Christiania mission, Norway, writes

December 17, 1918: "These are the elders laboring in Norway, left to

right standing: Hyrum P. Nokleby, Ogden, president of the Trondhjem

conference; Fred L. Peterson, Tremonton, R. D. 2., Utah, secretary of the

Christiania conference; sitting,

John J. Plowman, Smithfield, president of the Christiania conference;

Peter R. Johansen, Salt Lake City,

traveling elder in the Christiania conference. We are well and enjoy our labors which are blessed

of the Lord so that the work is not standing still, but continually progressing. Most of the Saints

are diligent workers and are great helpers to us in preaching the gospel. The Christiania conference is

the largest in the Scandinavian mission. We have a good choir

of about 50 members, highly appreciated by both Saints and strangers. It is doing a good work

in providing singing for our entertainments and meetings. Many are drawn to our meetings through the

musical services, first to hear our singing, and finally to become interested members of the Church. The elders in Norway thank you for the Era

which is always welcome, highly appreciated, and very beneficial in assisting us in our work of preaching the gospel."

Awarua's Peculiarities Awarua is known, honored, despised, feared, and loved more than any other of the many similar, or even larger Maori settlements in the

North Auckland district. It is "known for good and evil"throughout the

whole of Ngapuhi. I venture to say that there is scarcely another similar

place in the whole of Maoridom. "And why is it so peculiar?"Asks the

new elder, or the ordinarily interested individual. "I see nothing to give

me the slightest clue to its peculiarity, scarcely a halfdozen handhewn and rudelyconstructed shacks making their humble appearances on the hilly points, or crouched where the axeman felled his last tree on his slow and almost impassable way through huge jungled forests."When he looks

again, he sees that there is one or two small millsawn and painted homes, and a smll rude church house. Civilization to Awarua has been extremely

stingy with her dainty and artistic touch.

The mystery of Awarua's peculiarity is found deeper; yea, it reaches

even to the very spiritual heart of Awarua: Awarua has had and now has

her entire li'tle army of men engaged in actual missionary work. Most

of thrm hold the Melchizedek priesthood. They have traversed and retraversed this Ngapuhi district as many times as a miser goes to his money

chest. They h<?ve met their kinsmen in all their walks of life; they are

always found at their duty's post expounding the gospel, meeting chieftain and clergyman who are not inclined to be friendly, but who find it impossible to confound the Maori ministers who didn't go to college. These

540 IMPROVEMENT ERA

modern Nephite preachers of righteousness have been on missions of long duration into almost every district of New Zealand, often at great sacrifice. It may be explained that while Awarua has the largest percent of

these local preachers, Ngapuhi as a whole has about sixty to which the above description applies.

To illustrate more fully the "core of steel"which these brethren have, the following incident will, I think, properly answer: Henare Pere had

been called to go to Matauri, 75 miles distant to spend Sunday and preach.

On the preceding Friday, his wife took very ill and remained so, but she was not willing that he miss his appointment to preach; hence, as he

bimself was anxious to fulfil his calling, he resolved to go. He also knew

the power of prayer and fasting, and resolved to do both. Thereupon

he rode the 75 miles on Saturday, stayed and preached at Matauri on Sunday, rode back on Monday, having fasted and prayed the whole of three days. He was not surprised to find his wife well, upon his return, but we

can imagine his joy and satisfaction.

The Relief Society of Awarua has taken it upon themselves to build a church house, and are struggling successfully and triumphantly on, by giving basket socials, making and selling articles, such as mats, etc.

No wonder the eyes of Ngapuhi were turned toward Awarua, when the Spanish influenza was causing such an enormous amount of deaths all over Ngapuhi. Some no doubt wished for its destruction. The influenza

attacked almost every inhabitant of the settlement, but not one case proved they had no doctors, no nurses, no patent medicine!fatal—yet

The regular religious gatherings were not suspended in Awarua, a condition, I believe, that existed nowhere else at least in the civilized world, during the visitation of the terrible plague.—Will they see the light?

Elder A. Leonard Elledge, New Zealand.

Three Baptized

The Newcastle Branch, N. S. W. Conference, Australia, is doing well,

and all the Saints are energetic in the good work. The names on the

photograph are as follows: Left to right: Ben Alward, Ruby M. WaddingEDITORS'TABLE 541

ham George Nancarrow, Roy Innis, Rene Innis, Walter J. Bailey, Florence

R - Waddingam, H. Dittmore Wm. Pleasant AgnC| Crnl? lST r Sp"ngville, ertson'(presiding elder); P. James Clayton, A PrTn'Provo, Ro rP(President Queensland Conference); Leonard D. Fuller, Eden, Utah Children: Eric, Nita, and Walter Bailey. the evening On of the this day photo was taken a baptism service was held by moonlight as I was to leave early next morning.—James P. Clayton.

Red Cross Unit Commended Elder L. L. Palmer and Otto Mehr write from Indianapolis, Indiana,

enclosing a picture of the Indianapolis missionary force, of the Southern

Indiana conference. Left to right, back row: Carrie Hanson, Shelley, Idaho

Amelia Randall, Centerville, Utah; front row: Vloe B. Jackson, Randolph,

Utah; Leslie L. Palmer, Raymond, Alta., Canada; and Otto Mehr, conference president. He says: "We are denied the privilege of street meetings

but are having much success in our cottage and hall meetings. We are using

the Book of Mormon quite extensively in our trading, and find it a splendid way to remove prejudice. We have a branch of about one hundred people

here who are energetic and zealous in spreading the truths of the gospel of

Jesus Christ. Our Red Cross unit is extending every effort to do their best,

and are commended by the authorities for their excellent work. We are

anxious to receive the Era, and read its contents immediately upon receiving it."

Died in the Mission Field Elder Herman Kerr Danielsen, of Lewiston, Cache county, Utah, died of pneumonia, Sunday, March 9, 1919, while laboring as a missionary in

Great Britain. The First Presidency of the Church were notified of the

death by cablegram from Elder George F. Richards, President of the

European Mission. Elder Danielsen is the son of Herman H. and Clara

J. Kerr Danielsen, and was born, August 30, 1890, in Lewiston, Cache

county, Utah. He held the office of a Seventy and left for his mission,

December 6, 1916.

lUTUAl/WORK

M. I. A. Summer Work

The General Boards of the Young Men's and Young Ladies'Mutual

Improvement Associations consider it desirable to continue the meetings of the organizations during the summer months. Four series of programs

are outlined under the captions: "Five Church Leaders,""Peace Conference Problems,""Patriotism and Citizenship,"and "The Government Thrift

Campaign."The first of these series is designed for the Sunday evening

joint sessions; the second and third, for two other joint sessions during

the month, and the "Thrift Campaign,"one meeting each month. Officers

may use their discretion as to method of presentation, giving them in lecture form, or in talks by a number of speakers, or in open forum discussion. If

well prepared, they will be attractive and of real benefit to the young people.

The General Boards of the M. I. A. are pleased to cooperate with the

United States Government in an educational campaign on Thrift. Stake

officers will receive for distribution to ward officers special bulletins covering this work. Five subjects are suggested and these should be studied,

one each month.

It is also designed to conduct a campaign for better personal health, home sanitation and improvement. This should be done through cooperation with the State Boards of Health.

This circular also contains information regarding the separate work of the Young Men's and Young Ladies'organizations.

Programs ONE Sunday Evening Joint Session, April 6, 1919

General Subject: "Five Church Leaders."

Note.—This series of subjects should not be treated as biographical

sketches, but the speakers should point out characteristics in each life which have special application to development of character, awakening in the young people inspiration and action.

Brigham Young—The Great Colonizer

Topics 1. The Exodus from Missouri to Nauvoo.

2 The Exodus from Nauvoo to Winter Quarters.

3. Preparation and Organization for the Journey to the Rocky Mountains,

under Direction of the Word and Will of the Lord.

4. The Mormon Battalion as Bearing on the Colonization of the West.

5. His Policy in Colonization in Utah, and in Exploring the Country

Round About.

a. Irrigation.

b. Treatment of the Indians.

Application: The great opportunity for service; the value of willing

service; the results of united effort.

MUTUAL WORK 543

References: History of the Church; Lives of Our Leaders; Life of

Brigham Young, (for sale at Bureau of Information, price 15c); Jenson's

Biographical Encyclopaedia.

TWO Tuesday Evening, April 8 General Subject: "Peace Conference Problems."

first two subjects of this series are outlined. We await Note.—Only the

the decisions of the Peace Congress before outlining the other three. See

May, June, and July issues of the Era and Journal.

References: Current magazines and newspaper articles; also the Era

and Journal.

The Peace Conference Topics 1. Countries Participating.

2. The Representatives.

3. Brief Survey of Problems to be Considered.

THREE Tuesday Evening, April 22 General Subject: "Patriotism and Citizenship."

The Home Topics 1. What Constitutes a Good Home?

2. Sanitary Conditions Around a Home.

3. Pictures and Books in the Home.

4. Life in the Home.

a. Proper regard for one another's rights.

b. Unwritten laws of a home; what they are.

c. Spiritual life in the home. What is done daily to create a healthy

at home. Describe—Lincoln'sspiritual life? early days

Washington's home at Mt. Vernon.

Roosevelt's home.

President Joseph F. Smith's home and home life.

Any other ideal home you may know about.

What do these homes suggest to you as a life's lesson?

Poem: "The Cotter's Saturday Night."

FOUR General Subject: "Thrift Education."

See Government Bulletins.

FIVE Sunday Evening Joint Session, May 4

General Subject: "Five Church Leaders."

John Taylor—A Champion of Liberty and an Apostle of Righteousness

Topics: 1. Sacrifices Made in Early Days.

2. Defense of the Cause.

a. Kirtland, Nauvoo, Carthage.

3. "The Kingdom of God or Nothing."

a. Every act of his life influenced by this thought.

b. The Jubilee year...,

(1) Celebration of the 50th anniversary of the organization ot the Church.

544 IMPROVEMENT ERA

(2) Conference of 1880.

c. His death in exile, true to his principles.

Application: The adoption of this motto in your individual lives.

References: Life of John Taylor; String of Pearls.

SIX Tuesday Evening, May 13 General Subject: "Peace Conference Problems"

A League of Nations Topics: 1. History of the Idea.

2. Purpose of a League of Nations.

3. Arguments against the Proposed Plan.

4. Arguments for the Proposed Plan.

References: Outlook for March 12, 1919; Literary Digest, March 8,

1919; "Constitution of the League of Nations"(pamphlet by League to

Enforce Peace, 130 W. 42nd St., New York City); speech by Hon. B. H.

Roberts, Improvement Era, April, 1919.

SEVEN Tuesday Evening, May 27 General Subject: "Patriotism and Citizenship."

Your Town or City Note.—For these topics, any good texts on civil government will prove

helpful. Every home has some text on civil government which has been

used in the schools. The members studying these lessons will be compelled to rely on their own resources. Sometimes a topic can best be

prepared by thinking about it, rather than reading about it.

Topics 1. Location of Your City or Town.

2. Early Commerce and Trade.

3. Early Government and Laws.

4. Stories of Pioneers.

5. Early Schools and Libraries.

6. Your City and Town Today.

a. What important problems of city or town government have you

to solve? (Special problems, like regulation of pool rooms,

bill boards, weeds, etc.)

b. Make a list of important reforms needed in your town or city.

How should they be solved? Give your own ideas.

c. What is good city or town government?

d. Name types of good city governments.

For preparation of this lesson consult pioneers or early records.

EIGHT General Subject: "Thrift Education."

See Government Bulletins.

NINE Sunday Evening Joint Session, June 1

General Subject: "Five Church Leaders."

Wilford Woodruff—The Great Missionary

Topics 1. His One Great Desire to be a Preacher.

2. His Early Missions.

3. His Mission to Great Britain. u i.

MUTUAL WORK 545

4. Enthusiasm for Work.

a. Faithfulness in record keeping.

b. Work as historian.

Application: What have you done to follow President Woodruff's

example in acquainting your friends and the people with the great work of the Lord?

References: Wilford Woodruff; Leaves from My Journal.

TEN Tuesday Evening, June 10 General Subject: "Peace Conference Problems."

For outline see May Era and Journal.

ELEVEN Tuesday Evening, June 24 General Subject: "Patriotism and Citizenship."

The State Topics: 1. Pioneers to Your State.

a. Types of people. Early communities.

2. Early Government of the State.

a. Describe Territorial form of Government.

3. Read the Constitution of Your State.

a. What was the Constitution of the State of Deseret? Read it. See

Whitney's History of Utah.

4. The Schools of Your State.

5. How Your State is Governed.

6. Problems in Your State that Should be Solved. How?

7. Functions of Some of Your State Institutions, such as the State University, the Agricultural College, State Industrial School, State

Mental Hospital.

8. How State Officers are Elected.

What is your state doing to make better roads? Better schools?

Better laws? What are you doing as citizens to better the condition of

your state?

TWELVE General Subject: "Thrift Education."

See Government Bulletins.

THIRTEEN Sunday Evening Joint Session, July 6

General Subject: "Five Church Leaders."

Lorenzo Snow—A Deliverer of the Church from Financial Distress

Topics 1. His Labors in Cooperative Work.

a. Activities in Brigham City; a species of United Order.

%. Revival of the Payment of Tithing.

a. Promises and the fulfilment.

b. Results. Blessings in a financial way to the people.

Application: Cooperation and service. "Pay your tithing and be

\i 1 1 SSGO References: Biography and Family Record of Lorenzo Snow; an artide in the June Era, 1919, dealing with the possible development of man is, God once was, as God through obedience to the Gospel: "As man now

now is, man may become."

546 IMPROVEMENT ERA

FOURTEEN

Tuesday Evening, July 8 General Subject: "Peace Conference Problems."

For outline see June Era and Journal.

FIFTEEN Tuesday Evening, July 22 General Subject: "Patriotism and Citizenship."

The United States of America Read the Preamble of the Constitution of the United States. Read the

First Twelve Amendments, which are called the Bill of Rights.

Why is the Preamble so beautiful in thought and meaning? Why

is the Bill of Rights sacred to us?

Topics 1. Why the United States is a Republic.

(Representative form of Government, based on the sovereign will of the people.)

2. Why we love the Constitution.

3. Problems Before our Country Today.

4. What is a Good American Citizen?

SIXTEEN General Subject: "Thrift Education."

See Government Bulletins.

SEVENTEEN Sunday Evening Joint Session, August 3

General Subject: "Five Church Leaders."

Joseph F. Smith—A Preacher and Exemplar of Righteousness

Topics 1. Gospel Doctrines.

See sermons of President Smith in Conference pamphlets, Church magazines and newspapers; an "Authoritative Declaration,"Era

May, 1918, p. 639; "Vision of the Redemption of the Dead,"Era,

Dec, 1918, and Journal, Jan.$ 1919; Gospel Doctrine, soon to appear in print, being printed for the Melchizedek Priesthood.

2. A Builder of Temples and Houses of Worship.

Canada, Hawaii, Stakes of Zion.

3. Financial Policy and Labors in Continuation of President Snow's Work.

Application: Value in character building of a knowledge of the

Gospel.

EIGHTEEN Tuesday Evening, August 12 General Subject: "Peace Conference Problems."

For outline see July Era and Journal.

NINETEEN Tuesday Evening, August 26 General Subject: "Patriotism and Citizenship."

Patriotism Patriotism means love of native land. Only good citizens can be truly

patriotic to high ideals of government. A good citizen believes in laws

and just government. "Obedience to law is Liberty."

MUTUAL WORK 547

Topics: 1. Define Patriotism. (See Dictionary.)

2. How to Develop Patriotism.

3. Make a list of true American Patriots in History.

Tell why these men are patriots: Lincoln, Washington, McKinley,

Wilson, Roosevelt, Cleveland, Brigham Young.

4. What two great parties in American history have stood for patriotism

and the American institutions? (Democratic and Republican.)

Why? 5. Tell briefly the history of the Republican Party from the days of

Washington to the present. (It is an outgrowth of the old Federal Party.)

6. Tell the history of the Democratic Party from the old AntiFederal

days to the present.

7. What does Patriotism Mean to you?

TWENTY General Subject: "Thrift Education"

See Government Bulletins.

SUGGESTED MUSIC FOR THE SUMMER PROGRAMS "Five Church Leaders"Hymns: "Arise, O Glorious Zion,""Beautiful Zion for Me,""How

Firm a Foundation,""O, Say What is Truth;""Go, Ye Messengers of

Glory,"by John Taylor; "The Seer,"by John Taylor; "A Poor Wayfaring

man of Grief,""Ye Elders of Israel,""High on the Mountain Top,""We

Thank Thee, O God, for a Prophet,""Do What is Right."

Solos: "One Sweetly Solemn Thought,""A Dream of Paradise,"by

Gray; "Spring,"Relief Society Song Book; "The Lost Chord."

Mixed Quartet: "Loyal to the Truth and the Right.'"

Ladies'Trio: "Zion Prospers, All is Well,"Y. L. M. I. A. Song Book.

Boys'Chorus: "On the Pioneer Trail We're Marching,"Y. M. M. I. A.

Choruses"Stephens.

"Peace Conference Problems'"Hymns: "Far, Far Away on Judea's Plains,""We are Sowing,"

"Earth, with Her Ten Thousand Flowers."

Solos: "Friends,"by J. Edwards; "Babylon,"by Michael Watson;

"Don't You Mind the Sorrows,"by Eugene Cowles; "0, Ye Tears,"Relief

Society Song Book.

Male Quartet: "School thy Feelings."

Mixed Quartet: "Lead, Kindly Light."

Ladies'Quartet: "Sweet and Low."

Ladies'Trio: "Light and Truth,"Young Woman's Journal, Oct., 1918.

Boys'Chorus: "Marching Song of the Utah National Guard,"Y. M.

M. I. A. Choruses,"Stephens.

"Patriotism and Citizenship"Hymns: "America,""Star Spangled Banner,""Love at Home,""Battle Hymn of the Republic,""Onward Christian Soldiers,""Red, White,

and Blue."Boys'Choruses: "Utah, We Love Thee,"Y. M. M. I. A. Choruses,

Stephens; "When Johnny Comes Marching Home."

Ladies'Duet: "Make the Home Beautiful,"Young Woman's Journal,

March, 1918.

Ladies'Quartet: "Columbia's Fairest Star,"Y. L. M. I. A. Song Book.

548 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Solos: "Lovely Night,"from "Tales of Hoffman;""Lullaby,"Erminie; "On the Road to Mandalay."

Solo and Chorus: "My Valley Home,"Young Woman's Journal, December, 1918.

Male Quartet: "At Home They are Praying for Me,"Y. M. M. 1. A.

Choruses,"Stephens.

PERSONAL HEALTH, HOME SANITATION AND HOME IMPROVEMENT MOVEMENT.

It is recommended that during the months of March, April and May, as members of the Y. M. and Y. L. M. I. A., we make a special effort in

cleaning up our homes and beautifying our surroundings. Announcements

in local newspapers, Sunday schools, ward meetings, moving picture houses, and other public gatherings, should be made to stimulate this work. An

able and energetic joint committee should be appointed to organize the work, and carry out these suggestions, applying them to local conditions.

The Improvement Era and the Young Woman's Journal will be pleased to receive photos taken "before and after,"showing the improvements made.

Last Week in March Name a day or days during this week when your stake or ward shall:

1. Clean up corrals and outhouses.

2. Mend and build fences around homes.

3. Gravel and improve walks and streets.

Second Week in April Name days during this week to:

1. Paint homes, barns, fences, etc.,

2. Whitewash chicken coops, etc.

Arbor Day The M. I. A. are requested to cooperate with civic and school authorities in making this a successful day. Every M. I. A. member is requested

to plant a tree in honor of the late President Joseph F. Smith. Hardwood

trees are suggested.

First Week in May This week devote to making the immediate surroundings of the home beautiful by:

1. Planting flowers, shrubs, etc.

2. Making or renovating lawns, etc.

Contests within the wards or among the wards of any stake, may be helpful.

Make reports at the weekly meetings, on the progress of the work.

"REMINDER"CARDS We suggest that a card containing the following health reminders, be placed in every home, where all interested may easily read it:

"Cleanliness is Next to Godliness"

For the public good and to promote personal health, observe the fol.

lowing rules:

1. Keep the body clean by frequent bathing.

2. Have your teeth examined at least once every six months by a competent dentist. Baby teeth need careful attention. A clean tooth cannot

decay.

MUTUAL WORK 549

3. Breathe only clean, fresh air, both in sleeping and waking hours.

4. Swat the fly! And by keeping the premises free from refuse, especially manure, prevent the breeding of flies.

Keep the house and surroundings in a sanitary condition, by inside cleaning and outside cleaningup, at frequent intervals.

5. Do your full part in all community cleanup measures.

6. Comply strictly with all rules and regulations of the Board of

Health, especially those requiring the prompt report and strict quarantine of contagious diseases.

7. Keep the Word of Wisdom.

The General Boards of Y. M. and Y. L. M. I. A.,

Cooperating with the State Board of Health.

FATHER AND SON'S OUTING Under the leadership of the Y. M. M. I. A. provision will be made for

father and son's outing to be taken some time during the summer. The

place, date, and duration of the outing, to be left to each stake. Where it

is thought advisable the ward, instead of the stake, unit may be used.

With proper preparation, giving announcement early, this event can be made one of the most pleasurable and profitable of the season. Have

a vacation, do something different, get close to your boys, go out into the open country and play, sing, rest, and worship. Every father, son, every

Y. M. M. I. A. officer, and bishop and boy should go. Keep away from

resorts; it interferes with the camp social spirit. If possible, plan for at

least three days in order that you may establish a regular camp. Avoid

Sunday.

What to Take—Short Encampment

Each person: Two blankets or quilts, poncho or canvas, sweater or

warm coat, extra pair of socks, four handkerchiefs, one towel, tooth brush, comb and brush, soap, metal plate, knife, fork, desert spoon, cup, haversack.

Sanitation It is of the most vital importance to the health of campers that sanitary precautions be observed, not only for the present campers, but for the campers that may follow.

Special care should be exercised in the location and construction of a latrine and the disposal of garbage and other waste.

The safeguarding of the sanitation should be given over to a head inspector with one or more assistants, and every one in camp should be compelled to adhere to the rules.

Eats If the camp is to be a success, assorted, plain, wellcooked meals served at regular intervals on clean dishes, must be provided. Choose for the job

men and boys who know how to cook. Every one will stand a good chance

of having a good time if you can keep their stomachs in working condition.

Outlined menus can be found in the scout books and outdoor camping books. Cut down in heavy foods, and use fruits and vegetables. The general tendency is to take too much food.

Program Once it was thought that in order to have a good time while in the mountains, order and cleanliness should be left at home but now we know t be handled suethese two are essential to a good time. Numbers can

cessfully without a regular program and with everybody willing to abnere 550 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to it. The leaders must know what they are going to do every minute of

the day. The following is suggested:

1. Arising time 8. Period of rest

2. Morning exercise 9. Hikes and afternoon games

3. Flag raising 10. Preparation for supper

4. Breakfast 11. Inspection

'12. Games and campfire exerciser 5. Camp committees'duties

6. Morning games, scout lessons 13. Taps

7. Noon hour and luncheon

At the campfire, don't preach. Have a good line of live stories, adventures, jokes, scout stunts, songs, for the occasion, instrumental music, etc.,

candy, peanuts. Arrange for these exercises and refreshments before leaving home.

For each ten men: One dish pan, one water bucket, two large frying

pans, two granite sauce pans, holding at least six quarts, tents for shelter, paper napkins, candles or flash lights, matches, two table spoons, canopener, three dish towels, two dish cloths, shovel, pick, axe, wire and nails, butcher knife, two longhandled forks, laundry soap, two wash basins.

Efficiency Reports

Efficiency report from Pocatello stake for February shows membership five, classwork five, special activity ten, social work five, Scout work five, Era five, fund five, monthly stake and ward officers meetings ten, ward officers meeting ten.

For Woodruff stake, the monthly efficiency report for February shows membership five, class work ten, special activities five, social work five, monthly stake and ward officers meetings ten, and ward officers meetings five.

For Tintic, the February report shows: membership ten, class work

ten, special activities ten, scout work ten, social work five, Era five, fund five, monthly war and stake officers meetings five, ward officers meetings ten, four wards reporting.

From eight wards in Taylor stake, Canada, comes a very good showing, in all, but scout work, vocations, and monthly ward and stake officer's meetings. The wards are Welling, Barnwell, Magrath, Lethbridge, Raymond 1st

and 2nd, Tabor, and Sterling.

Box Elder reports a good attendance and an enthusiastic spirit. The

Era and fund will be up to the perfect standard, 10.

Considering the situation, these stakes have done remarkably well.

"Y. M. M. I. A. Choruses"

Professor S. B. Mitton, leader of the Logan Tabernacle choir, writes

Evan Stephens about the music book, Y. M. M. I. A. Choruses:

"The little booklet is a boquet of musical and poetical flowers all of varied fragrance and color."

Bishop John Wells, writes to Evan Stephens:

"I acknowledge with many thanks your booklet containing Y. M. M. I.

A. Choruses, and a special piece dedicated to the late President Joseph

F. Smith, "Beyond the Veil."Both works are up to your usual standard

of excellence, and I sincerely appreciate the inspiring music you have written, and which I love so well."

Send for a copy to the Era: only 45c, for 23 musical numbers.

PA&M

A new L. D. S. chapel, at Brooklyn, N. Y., was dedicated by Elder Reed

Smoot, of the Council of the Twelve, on Feb. 16, 1919.

The total American casualties in North Russia, up to the 13th of March, 1919, was four officers, 71 men killed in action; one officer, 18 men died of

wounds; 36 men missing; two officers, 67 men died of disease, and 11

officers and 241 men were drowned.

Kurt Eisner, the Bavarian Premier, was murdered on February 12, by

Count ArcoValle, a nobleman and army officer. Civil war in that country

was declared on the same date. The murder was a part of a reactionary

compaign against the revolutionary government.

New Ward and Branch Organized—Merrill ward, Portneuf stake, was

organized in February, 1919, with Parley Morris, bishop, whose address is

McCammon, Idaho; and the Pingree Branch was also organized in the

Biackfoot stake, with Ezra S. Buchanan, Presiding Elder, whose address is

Pingree, Idaho.

Norwich Conference Reunion will be held in the Tenth ward amusement hall, Fourth South and Eighth East streets, Salt Lake City, on Friday evening, April 4, commencing at 8 o'clock sharp. A good program has been

arranged, all former missionaries and saints of Norwich conference are. Bennett.cordially invited. Fred L. W

The German Merchant ship fleet is to be turned over to the Allies in payment for food shipments. A monthly ration for Germany of 370,000 tons

of food stuffs was fixed by the Allied commission and accepted by the German delegates. Germany expects that the Allies will provide a food supply

until August 15, the earliest possible date that flour from this year's harvest can be counted upon.

Daylight Saving went into effect on Sunday morning, 2 o'clock, March 30, when every clock in the United States was turned one hour ahead, there to go on until the last Sunday in October, when the clocks will be turned back an hour. This changing the clocks is not a war measure, but a

permanent law which will remain in force until Congress repeals it. The

act is so generally satisfactory that it is hoped it may continue in force permanently.

Spanish Influenza broke out in different parts of Utah during March.

In the counties of Cache, Morgan and Summit, there were many cases;

Wasatch county held no meetings of any kind on Sunday, March 16, and many cases were reported there with some deaths. Granger, one of the

towns of Salt Lake county, had as high as 186 cases during the week, March 9 to 16, and different parts of the state suffered considerably from this persistent disease.

Prince Utah, the baby elephant, born in Salt Lake City, April 29, 1918, died of hardening of the arteries, at his city home in Liberty Park, Salt

Lake City, March 13, 1919. He was the only live elephant born in captivity.

His hide will be stuffed and stretched over a frame, and the stuffed little elephant will be given a home in the new building which it is proposed soon to erect for the animals in Liberty Park, Salt Lake City.

D. Stenzel, taxidermist, is in charge of the operation.

552 IMPROVEMENT ERA

James Russell Lowell, was the most beloved of American writers. He

was born on Washington's birthday, 1819, in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and died August 12, 1891. His powers as a poet, a scholar, a critic, as well as

a man of public interest are well recognized by the American public, and in many cities his 100th anniversary was celebrated. Among the British

notables, who came to the United States, to celebrate the hundredth anniversary of the birth of Mr. Lowell, was Sir John Gallsworthy, author of

the remarkable play "Justice."

Bishop Joseph C. Bentley, of the Juarez stake of Zion, together with

James E. Wheeten, counselor to the president of the stake, are prisoners

of Villa's men, somewhere south of El Valle, Chihuahua, Mexico, according to information received by telegram from Juarez, Mexico. Elder Wheeten

was in charge of the missionary work in the Juarez stake, and bishop

Bentley went there during the week, March 9-15, to inspect the work being done by his men. He and Wheeten were made prisoners at Las Chuses, 26

miles south of El Valle, Mexico. Colonia Juarez was looted on Wednesday,

March 12, by Villa's men who were under the command of Martin Lopez and Ramon Viga. As far as known, no one was harmed in Colonia Juarez.

The Utah Legislature, the thirteenth biennial session, closed at 10:48

o'clock, Monday evening, March 17, 1919. By actual time, the thirteenth

session, which began on the 13th of January, and officially ended on the 13th of March, thus continued with stopped clock just four days 10 hours and 48 minutes over the time allotted by law for the legislative session.

During these days, and the last ten days of the session, much important legislation was passed. The laws enacted on educational, public highway, and

health subjects, will tend largely to place Utah in the front rank of states v/ith upto-date legislation on these particular subjects. The enactments

pertaining to vocational education are said to have been particularly timely and important.

New Bishops.—The following changes took place during February, 1919

Grant Ward, Cottonwood stake, Lawrence Myers succeeded Thomas M.

Warnock, address Murray No. 5, Utah. Helper Branch, Carbon stake,

Claudius Brown succeeded Charles H. Sorenson, address same. Paris Second ward, Bear Lake stake, Morris D. Low succeeded James S. Poulson,

address Paris, Idaho. Coalville ward, Summit stake, Charles E. Jones sueceeded Franklin Pingree, address same. Ovid ward, Bear Lake stake, John

T. Peterson succeeded J. Clarence Lindsay, address same. McCammon ward,

Portneuf stake, Royal T. Hale succeeded Erban Green, address same. Maeser

ward, Uintah stake, Joseph H. Bodily succeeded Byron 0. Colton, address

Vernal, Utah. Pleasant View ward, Utah stake, Ezra B. Walker succeeded

George S. Taylor, address same. Crescent ward, Jordan stake, Arthur C.

Morris succeeded William Fairbourn, address Sandy, R. F. D. No. 2, Utah.

Peter Matson, for many years a member of the presidency of the North

Sanpete stake, and the first president of the Swedish missison which was made a separate mission in 1905, died at his home at Mount Pleasant,

March 11, 1919, after a lingering illness. He was born in Horstofta, near

Malmo, Sweden, March 3, 1851, embraced the gospel in 1864, labored three years in his native land as a missionary, came to Utah in 1873, in which year he married on July 28, Matilda Lijedahl of Malmo, Sweden, and made his home in Mount Pleasant. In 188587 he performed another mission to

his native land, and also another in 1905, when he became the first president of the Swedish mission, returning in June, 1908. He served in the

presidency of the Sanpete stakes from May, 1890, to September, 1914; as

city councilman in Mount Pleasant one term, as county commissioner, as precinct justice, and in other offices civil and religious. A wife and

PASSING EVENTS 553

seven children survive him. In every position he occupied, he worked faithfully, and was ever devoted to the cause of truth.

Frederick W. Schoenfeld, an early German convert to the gospel, who

was baptized a member of the Church by his brother Edward Schoenfeld,

May 23, 1856, in the presence of the late Dr. Karl G. Maeser, died in

December, and funeral services were held in the Pioneer stake hall, Tuesday, December 31, 1918. He was born February 14, 1831, in Eilenburg, near

Leipzig, Germany, emigrated to Utah, April 10, 1864, crossing the plains by ox team and arrived in Salt Lake, September 15, 1864. He took an

active part in Church affairs, was ordained bishop of the Brighton ward, went on a mission, in 1883, to Germany, where he presided from 1884 to

June, 1888, at Bern, Switzerland. He was an effective missionary and made

many friends. He was called in 1899, by President Woodruff to revise the

Book of Mormon in German, and began the work, January 1, 1893, completing it a year later. He was ordained a Patriarch, March 13, 1912, having

been released from the bishopric of the Brighton ward on the 10th. He

was a sincere, kindly man, and an earnest Church worker.

MajorGeneral Frederick J. Strong, commander of the 40th Division,

visited Salt Lake City, on March 17, enroute to Camp Kearny, his former station, having arrived from France, March 3, after seven months with his division overseas, he will assume charge of Camp Kearny while the 40th

Division is being mustered out of service. General Strong was enthusiastic

in his praise of the 65th Artillery brigade, particularly the 145th artillery.

BrigadierGeneral Young showed him Salt Lake City. Gen. Strong said, as

reported in the daily press:

"We were sorry to lose the brigade when we arrived overseas, they were our best men and made remarkable records in all the training camps and on the target ranges. I understand that the 145th broke all records at their training grounds in France. You should feel immensely proud of their work, and

I wish to compliment General Young, former commander of the 145th and later of the entire brigade, who is one of the finest soldiers I have ever met. Colonel William C. Webb, his successor, also made a fine impression

among the military leaders by his able work."

President Woodrow Wilson, who sailed from Brest, France, on February 15, arrived in Boston, February 24, where he gave a speech to a large gathering of people, in which he stated that he had come back to report progress, and that he does not believe that the progress is going to stop short of the goal. The people are in the saddle in Europe, and they are going to see to

it that if their present governments do not do their will, some other government shall. He stated that America is the hope of

the world, and if America at this juncture were to fail the world, what would become of it? "If America does not justify the hope of

the world, the results are unthinkable. All nations will be set up as hostile

camps again, men at the peace conference will go home with their heads upon their breasts, knowing that they have failed."He said further that

the arrangements of the present peace cannot stand a generation, unless they are guaranteed by the united forces of the civilized world. President Wilson

left for Europe again just after the adjournment of Congress, March 4, to resume his work in the peace conference, arriving in France on the 13th of March, he having returned on the George Washington.

The cost of the war to Germany, was recently stated before the National

Assembly, by Doctor Schiffer, the minister of finance. He declared that

the war had cost 161,000,000,000 marks, that the financing had been reckless, and that an immediate loan of 25,300,000,000 marks must be raised.

The German Army is so far demobilized, that it consists at present only of 550,000 men. The Allies intend to limit the army of the Germans according

554 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to decision of the Supreme Council, March 10, to 100,000 men with 4,000 officers. Arms and munitions to be reduced to the needs of that many men;

all else to be destroyed. Disorders have occurred frequently during the

month of March in various parts of Germany, particularly in Berlin, where the Spartacans, made an effort in the early part of the month to overthrow the government, but were finally subdued by the government troops after a great loss of life and the destruction of much property. Two hundred

Spartacans were lined up against a wall, and shot one by one, on March 10.

Uprisings of the Spartacans were also reported from Nuremberg, Bavaria,

Gelsenkirchen, Westphalia, and several towns in the Rhur district. In

order to maintain peace, it was reported on March 15, that the British and

French soldiers, had penetrated further into the country, the French having occupied the corporate limits of Frankfurt.

Changes in the missions. It was announced by President Heber J.

Grant on March 2, that Elder George Albert Smith, of the Council of the

Twelve will relieve Elder George F. Richards, as President of the European

mission, and will leave for Liverpool, about May 15.

It has also been announced, that Bishop Heber C. Iverson, of the

Second Ward, Liberty Stake of Zion, is appointed to succeed Elder Melvin J.

Ballard, as president of the Northwestern States Mission; and that Elder

Joseph W. McMurrin, of the First Council of Seventy, will succeed Elder

Joseph E. Robinson, as president of the California mission; and that,

Elder Elias Wesley Smith, son of President Joseph F. Smith, and who was

born in Laie, Oahu, Hawaiian Islands, April 21, 1886, will succeed Elder

Samuel E. Woolley, as president of the Hawaiian mission.

Elder Junius F. Wells, left on March 14, 1919, for Liverpool, to relieve Elder J. M. Sjodahl, as associate editor of the Millennial Star, and to

assist the President of the Mission, having been called to this work by the

First Presidency.

Other mission changes are contemplated, but had not been announced when this item was written. The Era for May, will contain further particulars of these brethren who have been called to these missionary labors.

The Sixtyfifth Congress ended March 4, with a 26hour filibuster which ended only when the session itself closed. The Independent names some

of the big things that Congress did:

Made two declarations of war—one against Germany and one against

AustriaHungary.

Raised by the enactment of a selective service act the largest army this country has ever known.

Passed appropriation bills—mostly for war purposes—totaling approximately $57,000,000,000, the equivalent of $570 for every man, woman and

child in the United States.

Enacted the greatest tax law in parliamentary history, levying $10,- 000,000,000 in two years. It authorized bond issues to the amount of

$22,000,000,000.

Appropriated $2,884,000,000 to create an American merchant marine, the largest in the world.

Authorized the taking over of railroads and the telegraph and telephone systems of the nation as a war emergency.

Created an American military air service and launched an aerial postal service.

Passed the largest army appropriation bill—totaling $12,000,000,000

any country ever adopted.

Placed on the statute books 300 public laws and forty.eight public resolution!.

Passed the resolution for a national prohibition amendment to the

Constitution.

PASSING EVENTS 555

Defeated the woman suffrage amendment.

Conducted twentysix congressional investigations.

There were many important measures that Congress failed to pass, among them being the Army, Navy, Agricultural, and General Deficiency bill; the latter for $842,096,913, including $750,000,000 for the railroad administration.

Bishop Ole H. Berg, for eleven years bishop of Provo First ward, one

of the most active Church and civic workers in Utah county, and a member of the 12th legislature, died at his home in Provo, Utah, February 23, 1919. He was born at Frederickshald, Norway, September 12, 1840. He

joined the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, when a young man, spent two years as a missionary in Denmark, then came to America, reaching Salt Lake City in October, 1866, driving an ox team across the plains.

That same year he married Anna Neilsen, settled in Provo, where he has made his home ever since. In 1889, he was called on a mission to Norway,

and served as president of the Christiania conference until 1891. Returning home that year, he continued his business as contractor and builder,

and for more than twenty years, was actively engaged in the undertaking business, being associated the past fifteen years with his son Wyman.

Elder Berg was a very active, civic and ecclesiastical worker, and was held in high esteem by all. At the time of his funeral, 27th of February, all the

business houses of Provo closed in his honor during the funeral services in the stake tabernacle, from two to four o'clock. Doctor George H. Brimhall wrote the following eulogy of him:

"The call of death that summoned Bishop O. H. Berg to the great beyond has created a vacancy that can never be filled. It may be consistently said of him, 'There was but one O. H. Berg.''His individuality was

of a type that defied duplication, and this sturdy singleselfness in his makeup forbade any camouflage of character.

"Through his purpose and proceedings he said to all the world: 'I am

myself struggling to become my better self.'Along the trail of life he left

the footprints of a man, a gentleman, a nobleman. His exit from the

earthly existence retired a toiler from the ranks of industry; a scholar from

the school of wide reading and extensive travel. When he stepped off, a

lover of art left the platform. In his going there went forth from the home,

a provider that kept the wolf of want ever away from the door, a husband whose fidelity was like the Rock af Ages, a father possessed of those rare qualities of parenthood which made of him a champion in the estimation el his daughters and a chosen comrade of his sons.

"In Church affairs there will be missed one whose consistency of conduct guided him safely between the dangers of fanaticism on the one hand, and skepticism on the other. His discretion never failed him, his faith

never fled, nor did his religious fervor ever grow cold.

"Our civic commonwealth will miss one of its best citizens, the state has lost a strong builder; from the nation has departed a patriot and from

humanity a friend.

"He has gone; sadness lingers over his departure, and yet there is a

sweetness in that sadness, a joy side to our sorrow. "We are bereaved, but

behind the cloud of grief there is the glow of his life and labors, a blaze so luminous and warm that none of us would call him back. His work is done.

It finished well. He ripened sweet, and nature gathered him with gentle

hands and passed him on to life and joys here unattainable."

jmiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiimi iiiiiiilllliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiilliiiiiiiiliiiinii iiiiiiiiiii niiiiiiiiiiiiiliii Iiiiliiiiiiiiiiliiiiiiilliiiiiiiiliiliiiiiillllliiii imiNHi'a

The MEMORIAL MONUMENT of Joseph Smith the Prophet is made of

Dark Barre Granite. It is the largest and

finest specimen of that stone, all polished, in America. It was furnished by the

BOUTWELL, MILNE & VARNUM CO.,

Montpelier, Vt.

The many thousands of visitors that have seen it are unanimous in their admiration of the superb material and workmanship.

a

IIIIUnilllllllllllMUIIIIIIIMMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllUlinHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIHIIIIMHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIUIIUIIM <iiiiiMiiiliiiinitiiiiiiiirHiiiiiiiniiMiiiiiMiiniiiinnniiiiiiiiiiiiiHnniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiMiMniiiiim<iMMiiniHiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinnp.

I s i

The Joseph Smith Monument, Sharon, Vermont, the day of its dedication, December 23, 1905.

.iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiimiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiMiiiiit iiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHii iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiauia

Telephone Wasatch 7600 Attractive illustrations, stories, poems,

Jos. Wm. Taylor andpear specialin the andMay timelyEra. AskarticlesyourwillfriendapUtah's Leading Undertaker to subscribe. He can begin any time, or

and Licensed Embalmer receive back numbers if he wishes the

Fine Funeral Chapel,Private Parlor 'whole volume, and subscribes now. A

Show Rooms and Morgue number of winning sketches are crowded

OFFICE OPEN DAY AND NIGHT out of this issue. We ask the indulgence

21, 23 and 25 South West Temple Street

SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH of the authors.

Improvement Era, April, 1919

Two Dollars per Annum Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter

Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in Section 1105, Act of

October 3, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918

Address, 20 Bishop's Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

Heber J. Grant, I Edward H. Anderson,Business Mgr.

Edward H. Anderson, \ Editors Moroni Snow, Assistant,

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Great Falls of Yosemite Frontispiece

Progression and Retrogression. Illustrated Elder Joseph Fielding Smith 465

A League of Nations to Enforce Peace Hon. B. H. Roberts 474

The Spirit of the Lilies—A Story Elizabeth Cannon Porter. 482A Baby—an Eternal Blessing Joseph S. Peery 484

A Protean Station Agent Frank R. Arnold 485

The Key Flower H. R. Merrill 488

Irrigation and Education—III Prof. O. W. Israelsen 492

The EbertScheidemann Parade in Berlin 494

Waterfalls of Yosemite Valley. Illustrated Alfred Lambourne 495

Judiciary System of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints Elder James E. Talmage 498

Died in Service 500 The West Ezra J. Poulsen 505

. Young 506Vivid View of France and the War BrigGen. Richard W

The Song of the Chinook. Poem H. R. Merrill 524

The Extremity Nephi Jensen 525

The Passing of the Deseret Museum Dr. James E. Talmage 527

Editor's Table—Greeting to the Officers and Members of the Y. M. M. I. A Anthony W. Ivins

Brigham H. Roberts,

Richard R. Lyman 532

Outward Ordinances.'. 533

Messages from the Missions 537

Mutual Work 542 Passing Events 551 A GREAT WORK NOW IN PRESS GOSPEL DOCTRINE Selections from the Sermons and Writings of JOSEPH F. SMITH,

Sixth President of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Adopted as a Text Book for the Higher Priesthood Quorums, 19191920. To contain about 700 pages. Bound in cloth, $1.50.

DESERET NEWS BOOK STORE News Building 6 Main Street

is Over The War still must eat, A garden filled with vegetables from—but we

Bailey's Live Seeds will be a money saver. Start planting

now and begin right by planting Reliable Seeds.

BAILEY & SONS CO.

SEEDSMEN AND FLORISTS Salt ake

This is the place to buy Books

Everything from full sets of the classics down to the latest book by your favorite writer.

Headquarters for school Sympathy Is Grateful books and supplies.

it doesn'tWhen you're sorrowing. But

pay bills. An insurance policy is full

when of sympathy right sortof the no SUNDAY SCHOOL And is destroyed. propertyyour

one should neglect to secure protectionagainst such a contingency. We give UNION BOOK

you the maximum of insurance at minimum of cost. Let us quote you rates. STORE

44 East South Temple Home Fire Insurance Co. of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah

Salt Lake City, Utah. 22 Main Street

"Keep Money at HorneT WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENIION THE IMPROVEMENT ER.

MARVELOUS GROWTH OF THE INTERMOUNTAIN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY

BEGAN BUSINESS AUGUST I, 1911 Year Ending Insurance in Force

JANUARY 1.1912, $512.000 00

JANUARY 1, 1913, $1,556;000.00

JANUARY 1 1914, $4,006,811.00

JANUARY 1,191.5, $5,076,950.00

1, 1916, $5,381,502.00 JANUARY

1, 1917, $6,357,403.00 JANUARY

JANUARY 1,1313/ $7,381,242.00

1, 1919, $8,059,042 JANUARY Influenza is daily forcing even the unwilling to apply for our complete and liberal policies. Our salesmen succeed from the first.

ANY of our American boys at the front wore

Overalls made in SCOWCROFT'S Neverrip

Overall factory. The Government took our

entire output for several months. We now

have one hundred fifty Utah boys and girls manufacturing

SCOWCROFT'S Neverrip Overalls,

SCOWCROFT'S Neverrip Mechanic Suits

SCOWCROFT'S Neverrip Khaki Pants and Coats

SCOWCROFT'S Neverrip Riding Pants

SCOWCROFT'S Neverrip Allovers for Children

SCOWCROFT'S MadeRite Work Shirts.

When you are buying any of the above items, ask for

Scowcroft's Neverrips. Take no others. Solid comfort

in every pair. No scimping. "Ask the man who has worn

a pair."JOHN SCOWCROFT & SONS CO.

Manufacturers 'OGDEN, UTAH

ASSETS LIFE INSURANCE Protects your family if you die MORE

THAN A Protects you if you lite

MILLION Ask about our plan which helps you to accumulate DOLLARS an estate at the same time you are protecting your family

WE WANT GOOD AGENTS IN EVERY TOWN

Beneficial Life Insurance Company

Jowph F. Smith, President Vermont Bldg., Salt Lake Lorenzo N. Stohl,Vioe.PreB.*M*r.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA