IllWIIllItlP

<'..:''''::-"'''':..,

DECEMBER, 1 VOLUME: NUMBER 12'

rnxmn pm:mm ]. diliiKMiai

SALTLAKE G1TV MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY Serving Twentysix Utah and Wyoming Communities

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. /tmeMeA

'T'wenty million copies of forty thou- * sand different editions of books were printed before 1600, the New

York Times has estimated.

A n aluminum piano plate has been de- ** veloped which weighs only fortyfive pounds compared to the one hundred twentyfive pounds for the conventional steel plate. The plate has to

hold the strings tight against a total pull of eighteen tons. The saving in

weight will make pianos more easily movable, save wear on carpets and the dispositions of people who have to move the pianos.

A t one time each ancient Roman citi- ** zen wore an iron finger ring as a, symbol that his ancestors had been free men for at least three—generations..4

Ctonehave gongs,been usedmadein ofat limestoneleast one Mayaslabs, village in Yucatan to call the people.

The stones are suspended from a wooden framework. Morris Steggerda

reports that each stone of four he saw had a different pitch. When struck together the four formed a chord but not

on our musical scale.

A bout fifty thousand different species *** of spiders have been described, it has been estimated by Professor Ralph and |

V. Chamberlain.

TJeople who are allergic to soap can FLAVOR* I * look forward to new washing f

These chemdeveloped. recently agents SOW deterTOMATO as "synthetic described icals are

gents occupying an intermediate posidyestuffs."soaps and tion between A Wonderful m*'***8 includpredicted uses is range ofwide

ing bubble baths, to relieve rashes and chafing, to control perspiration and body odors, to kill insects, bacteria, and the fungus that produces "athlete's foot."- crisp Satt.nes b Pn esh,

T Ttah had the lowest death rate from ead*th.dass!

*"* tuberculosis in the United States lt.s the

for the years 1942, 1943, and 1944, with 14.2, 11.2, and 12.0 deaths per

100,000 population respectively. This

rate is less than thirty percent of the

United States'rate for these three years. "Decent research by Professor I. S.

*"Bowen has found that iron, magnesium, potassium, and calcium are found in the nebulae, those faint luminous gaseous clouds as far away as the stars. This shows that the chemical

composition of the gaseous nebulae does not differ much from that of the sun and stars, a result of great importance in astronomy. PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY SALT LAKE

QmprdTetueiinSra DECEMBER 1946 VOLUME 49, NO. 12

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Official Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement

Associations, Department of Education, Music Committee, Ward

Teachers, and Other Agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints Jke Lcover Bed Qft

important most The LatterJke (Lditor5 J-aae By Elaine V. Emans to event

is the Saints day reInventory of Our Blessings and Opportunities.

plates the of ceiving George Albert Smith 779 Nevermas can Christthe Angel from Moroni by the young man, Getting become

Joseph Smith, later to So glad a thing become the organizer Lkurck /eatutei As giving, for some instrucdivine under heart must go the Of 780 Nibley President George Albert Smith as Salesman.Preston of tion of the Church

true If it be a 782 Levi Edgar Young Smith Joseph Latterof Christ Jesus day Saints. This conThe Wheel in Ancient America Thomas Stuart Ferguson 785 Gift, and the best

ception of the event is When the Mormon Battalion Came to Tucson Of giving is you!

the work of Torlief Material from James W. LeSueur 791

statue Knaphus, whose the Reconcilationsj ChangGospel Evidences and CXI—Is of the Moroni Angel

* - -....-..-.---- 801 ing

Hill stands on a Also, Command'of Wisdom the Word CXII—Is Cumorah. A theconvert Change of Address: 831 Widtsoe A. ment? John Elder from Norway,

Knaphus has expressed Brigham Young and the PioNo-LiquorTobacco Column Fifteen days'notice rehis belief through his neers 778 783, 811 quired for change of adstatuary. M.I.A. Socials, Ira J. MarkWard Teaching 813 dress. When ordering a

This photograph of ham...796 Genealogy 814 change, please include

the clay model is the The Church Moves On. 798 "Behold, the Field is White,"address slip from a

work of Hal Rumel, Priesthood: Melchizedek 810 Mona Wilson..811 recent issue of the magaadapted for cover use Aaronic 812 Field Photos 832 zine. Address changes

by Charles Jacobsen. cannot be made unless

Special creatures thethe oldnewaddressone is asincluded.well as

Trimmer of Moderation The Menace J. Maurice Editors 783 Executive and Editorial Bates 784 Elizabeth Fetzer Staff of Life George Albert Smith The Offices:

John A. Widtsoe Let's Talk It Over... Mary Brentnall 788 50 North Main Street,

Managing Editor Planning the Lesson.. M Lynn Bennion 789 Salt Lake City 1, Utah.

Richard L. Evans Sarah Loader Holman, Handcart Pioneer Ray J Davis 790

The Spoken Word from Temple Square... Richard L* Evans 792 Copyright 1946 by MuInc., Cortual Funds, a Editor! Associate for Christmas.- 794 Books

of poration the Young C. Marba

It the Universe, Josephson Exploring FrankHoming Not Do Why ImproveMutual Men's...769 lin S. Harris, Right?: Gregg Helen Jr General Manager the Association of ment

George Q. Morris Christmas Through the Year..771 Green 802 Church of Jesus Christ of

These Times, G. Homer DurGay Holiday Decorations, Latterday Saints. Ail

Associate Manager ham 773 Mabel M. Luke 802 rights reserved. Subscrip-

G. Lucy B. Corner, Josephine Cook's tion year, a price, $2.00 Seals, Christmas Walter Cannon The 802 Nichols single in advance; 20c K. Putney Business Manager Vigil, Constant Doris 774 The

Giles D. John All Lo, Led And Their Names 814 copy. Dalby White

the Rest, Molly Adams..776 On the Bookrack 816 Entered at the Post Editorial Associates

Elizabeth J. Moffitt Praying Trees, Kathryn Poor..796 Your Page and Ours 832 Office, Salt Lake City,

Albert LZobellJr. Utah, as secondclass

Harold Lundstrom matter. Acceptance for

special rate of at Cdltonau mailing in for provided postage National Advertising 'Christmas is for Children"and for Others section 1 1 03, Act of OcRepresentatives Marba C. Josephson 800 tober, 1917, authorized

Francis M. Mayo, July 2, 1918.

Salt Lake City Edward S. Townsend, J)torie5; joeh The Improvement Era San Francisco and 9 is not responsible for unLos Angeles Christmas at Oasis Ranch Elizabeth C* Porter 772 solicited manuscripts, but

Dougan and Bolle, For My Grandson. Laura Morrison 786 welcomes contributions.

I and Chicago Gift, 770 Lord, Elaine V. Best Find You, Emans Joanne

manuscripts must be New York Candle, Maurine Midgley Christmas suffi791 Allaccompanied by 771 Jacobs for cient Teacher, delivery Georgia postage To Audit A Young Member, of Bureau of Frontispiece: a Globe With Eberling 789 M. and return. Circulations the Dorothy World, J. Sartori - 777 Poetry Page 797

770 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Lknstmad THROUGH THE YEAR

the to time for children not is no limit and is spiritThatthe Christmasthere evidenced wear. them to Wesufficientsoon expectclothes ourfor

through the letter which came to seventh child, and it is very hard to get one of the General Authorities after he things for the coming baby. Sheets and

had been prompted to send to the Nethpillow cases are not to be had, not even erlands a box, the necessity for which pins. The showwindows are empty,

is clearly shown in the response to the and inside they always tell the same gift: story, "We have not."That's not very

Utrecht 1 May 1946 pleasant, but we hope things will get it a blessing to Abrikoosstraat 16 better. We consider

receive your clothes and blankets. BeDear Family: loved family, we don't know you, and

With great joy we received your you don't know us, but we are of one gift parcels and express our heartfelt faith, and the gospel unites us all. We

thanks for it. The clothes you sent was hope to meet you in Zion some day, and

it very much to very much needed. Our family consists we would appreciate

find hear you. Enclosed from you will eight of people. six boys, the We have

foto's family resome taken when we is eldest of nine years old, then one eight, one of seven, one of four, one of ceived your parcels. I will finish now,

three, the youngest is one year and a wishing you God's blessing.

half. In June we expect a new baby, Your brother and sister in the gospel. Ccrome, take a pleasure trip

so you see we need quite a bit of clothing before all are dressed and that is this Christmas. Your journey will

why we are so glad to receive the be comfortable, for wartime clothes you sent. It is a lucky thing that

when one thing does not fit one boy, it travel hardships are a thing of always fits the other. We have hard CHRISTMAS CANDLE the past with Western Pacific.

times back of us, and we are thankful that none of us got lost. We know By Maurine Jacobs You'll find San Francisco at

thewhat it is to go hungry, and kids had "Clickering, dimly reaching its alluring best during these last winter.no stockings anymore But

likeness Its lengthened the of helpwith through got sparkling holidaysthe God bay we air, the frosty On That's are gladsomehow. so why we

candle, In Christmas The the the sunshine, bridges free again.to be never dared hope We finger, vivid A sistersthat brothers our out and West against dramatically etched vaguely Resembling

for care us a in suchwould way. Our

star of peace, Judea's skies, blue and an atmosphere hascountry very poor become now, grimly, blindly Points hoping it feeland so so with more we many festivity of everywhere. its light That weak

kindle once again May reservations So make now little their father with The six boys and mother flame of peace The on earth at the looking brought box which muchneeded for trip that the a will remain clothing to returned and gratiwill the donors much to men! Good

tude and love.

pleasant memory through all

the years to come. Yes, meals

are included in that promise of

pleasant memories.

For information call:

H. R. COULAM,

General Agent 48 South Main Street Phone 4-65S1 o WESTERN PACIFIC

DECEMBER 1946 771 f Tf TTf TIyW Lkrijtma6 at (Hit* loig libb OASIS RANCH

her mother complacently. "Something

<L.uzabetn Cannon f-orte for everyone."

"Where did he get them?"

"Mostly at the five and ten cent ii hardly knew the place,"exstore,"she giggled.

I motherclaimed wrapBelle Christmasas she helpedbundlesher have"Fatherpoppedkilledcorna pig,for aandweek.the girlsOf

the afternoon of December 23. course we had apples and fruitcake, and

personpies. Frank I've made twenty fixing it up been has Frank "Yes, T4 HE Beloved King James Isn't it a beauty? the tree. selected ally the army, from since home he came ever

Version beautifully bound Red late last winter. Started right in oiling Then, Aunt Myra, the wealthiest memLetter Edition well illustrated the machinery in the sheds; hauled ber of the family, sent word that she

so the children will show an manure;thing,"explainedthen wantedher mother.to paint everywasn't"Why?"exchangingBelle shookgifts athisrattle.year."

are things excuse was that "Her Bible. interest in the Contains house cement this gray "Trimming really she but scarce and bold the barns was a to match red with of references thousands by

it movenew swanky—somehigh priced, the thinks against it bright looks idea, but book, chapter, verse and page ment."eldest the Bent's conceded snow,"

"Myra is fashionable."from number. down daughter, who had motored

Idaho with her family to take part in "Well, Frank said giftgiving at

Chain references giving the the holiday reunion. Christmas had been going on quite a

the since magi greeted time, ever long early this out went Frank "When Hebrew and Greek Translaof the treasures the with the Savior like it looked that remarked he morning, tions. Smiths Bible Dictionary, a white Christmas. The only tracks on East, and he didn't see that it was

It him stop it. to made place Myra's circle dog had a where were a snow Genealogy Forms, Doctrine of the right into town went that he so mad icy blue, that the says a rabbit, chased

the L. D. S. Church separately mountains around the Salt Lake valley, and bought something for everyone,

the holidays that claims Myra. even He east, the to the Wasatch indexed in a ready reference—the season."dull winter a brighten up of him the on Oquirrhs rangewest—remind 'form. Mother?"is you, giving he "What 'ring of steel.'the German

"He brought home some funny "A blue suit. I received mine ahead

ideas."of time, as it had to be fitted."

Published by "Wait till you hear the rest of it. "Why blue?"

He said that when he was in combat, "He selected it, claiming it matched hair. He National Bible Press he would think of all the work he had my eyes and set off my white

Can be secured only through our to do at home and claimed that it kept bought your father a tweed overcoat, representatives. him from being wounded!"says he is a fine figure of a man. This

Balaace "Ann says that he maintains we're all is for your sister."Mrs. Bent opened

Price $16.95, $1.00 iY rich."a velvet case and displayed an antique

A postcard will bring full information. "Yes, he thinks it's wonderful to own brooch.

a home with land around it; we're like While her daughter exclaimed over

brought its she explained, "He beauty, in Being England. of baronsPeckGold Seal Distributors feudal family old It's some France. it from is a wonderful. have free America To

Box 2651, Charlotte. North Carolina large family to work it, is marvelous. heirloom. He said that it cost him a

He planted that field that your father lot of G.I. soap. Do you know,"she

let lie fallow. He says that our soil is added slowly, "I have an idea that he

Gladys in mind when he traded for rich, productive—not like the poor had

wornout soil of France. He raves over it.

did he take her marrying while "How water; says the hot and the bathroom Ifhe was gone?"is short on plumbing."that all Europe you have used our Costumes

YOU KNOW THEY ARE THE "Sounds to me like he has delusions "Quite philosophically. Said that if

BEST for your play or opera of grandeur,"snorted Belle. a girl didn't think enough of a fiance to

I production. "Sometimes one has to go away to wait for him while he was away at war,

j INTERMOUNTAIN COSTUME CO. get a fresh point of view. Frank says she wasn't worth marrying. Glad he

j Salt Lake City. Utah in this turmoil he is glad we belong to found her out in time!"

WITH SPLENDID i 10 ROOMS FILLED revelation so that has modern a Church "We worried so about her jilting | COSTUMES i it to do."him."us will direct what

"Let's see—these sewing kits and "Sometimes I think that what we

kitchen utensils are for the older girls, deem a calamity, really turns out to be

The Improvement Era the dump trucks for the little boys? a benefit. Look how Frank has fixed

it will be A Welcome Gift My, what a lot!"up the place. How beautiful

12 issues.VY; $2.00 "There are sixty presents,"replied for the centennial!"

772 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA J happy ending to a JhwA, A By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

Director of the Institute of Government,

University of Utah YX HAT a happy climax to a Mary Lee Taylor's

HpHE Christian era, according to Luke, holiday feast! Pumpkin failproof recipe for

was ushered in with angelic music Pie as goldenyellow as a harPie of "peace on earth."vest moon—creamy smooth in Pumpkin Many have overlooked the fact that texture—and with a flavor Vz cup light brown SUGAR.:::v::::

into that Jesus born world a was that's knew a perfect blend of pump- 2 teaspoons If? relative which pax Romana, spice. kin to and sure You're peace—the Vt teaspoon SALT '-'-::: FLOUR mm

:;":;;; maintain to of system one was supreme pie a that have will:;, you do:::.: 3 4 teaspoon CINNAMON

,..:::::. for administration law and approxiproud use you when Lee Mary V4 teaspoon NUTMEG

centuries. mately Although uptwo Taylor's recipe. famous Vi teaspoon GINGER

held by force, (which was often used ExtraDelicious, 1/8 teaspoon CLOVES to uprisings, local suppress as in JeruExtra-Wbolesome salem around 70 A.D. ), the pax RomaThere's an extrarichness of 1 cupPUMPKINcooked or canned

na provided unequaled environment for flavor to pumpkin pie made 1 cup SEGO MILK the spread of the Christian message. with Sego Milk. Extrawhole- 1 slightly beaten

All roads led to Rome. Paul and others someness, too, because Sego EGG YOLK

saw to it that Rome heard the message. Milk is whole milk that is 4 teaspoons dark MOLASSES

the of facts astounding hisIt is one of in all doublerich the of proset oven; on Turn at very hot tory, evidence divinity, of Christ's an tective substances that (450 F.). make together Mix brown

that despite influence pagan corand salt, flour, sugar, nutcinnamon, milk perfect nearly our most ruption, the remnantdoctrines of the iood. meg, ginger and cloves. Add'pumpkin, milk, beaten yolk egg and "colonial"Nazarene acceptance won to Inexpensive So Make Stir molasses. until Pour smooth. religion as the state within three ceninto 7-inch pie lined butter, deep cream, no pan and No turies time. pastry. 15 with unbaked minBake this in only delicious one egg 4 utes, then heat reduce to slow Pie! can save Pumpkin You nineteenth in century, certain re- F.) (325HThe bake and 25 minutes or

spects, reproduced for a gospel ressome of these expensive inuntil firm.

gredients use Sego you when toration, similar conditions to those oball- Note: teaspoons ground Wx Lee Taylor's Milk and Mary taining at birth. Christ's of spice Freedom or prepared pie pumpkin

tested recipe. result? the And spice replace can nutcinnamon, prefor goods people movement and

better pie for less money. meg, ginger and cloves. vailed over much of the earth's sur- A

face. Only Russia and Turkey in the

west required passports. China in 1842,

and Japan in 1854, were opened to the west. A kind of pax Britannica, maintained by a sea power somewhat gentler

than Roman garrisons, helped support these conditions on a world scale, assisted by the Monroe Doctrine in the western hemisphere.

Tnto this nineteenth century world came Joseph Smith. Observers said:

"A new religion has been born on the breastwork of the American frontier."

Believers said: "Christ's message, with

the power to establish a kingdom of

God on earth, has been reestablished."

Now it is the twentieth century. What

portends as another Christmas season rolls around?

As Joseph Smith laid plans for a new

Zion, more glorious than any pax

Romana, Karl Marx an atheistic grandson of a German rabbi, was laying the foundations for a "salvation"based on scientific materialism and economic determinism. As the Council of the FREEI Mary Lee Taylor's new recipe booklet "MEALS MEN LIKE"

Twelve, April 6, 1845, issued its "ProcthatEveryhelpsrecipeyouisservefail-proof,more delicious,easy to follow.more wholesomeSend todayfoodforatthislowerbookletcost.lamation to the Kings and Rulers of the J&IML Sego Milk Products Co., Dept. S, 159 W. 1st So., Salt Lake City 1, Utah

{Concluded on page 819) DECEMBER 1946 773. a

VL CHRISTMAS SEALS

By WALTER K. PUTNEY

clerks in dozen sent to foreign countries for helping were a the was Welcome, There at children. post office, Copenhagen, Denmark, who felt just as Ejnar HolSweden took up the sale Of Christboell did—that people wrote too many mas stamps in 1905, and more than

iyjovitkl lettersfloodedat Christmaswith mail,time.andTheeverybodyoffice was Europeaneight millionnationswerefolloweddemanded.in 1906;Otherand,

worked with frantic haste, so that the in 1907, the first stamps were printed carriers could deliver the mail by and sold in the United States. In con-

C*VEN in crowded times, Christmas. One clerk remarked that nection with the introduction of Christthe doors of Brigham there should be a law against such mas stamps in the United States, it is

Young University are wasteful writing, but Ejnar Holboell interesting to learn that our participaopen in welcome to qualhad another idea. Why not put an tion came about because of an article

ified young people from extra charge on Christmas letters—that appeared in one of our national

all parts of the Church kind of tax, so that the government magazines. It was written by Jacob Riis,

who seek the finest in could use the money to hire more clerks a famous lecturer and writer, who was cultural development and make the work easier for every- a native of Denmark. He had received

and educational adbody? some of the stamps, in 1<906, on letters

vancement. With an inEjnar Holboell kept thinking of that that he received from his native country

creased faculty and exidea all through that busy week in and was so impressed, that he wrote to panded physical facili1903. Objections to a tax came into his a friend in Denmark, to learn why such

ties the university is acmind—people would protest and make stamps were pasted on the back of his

commodating its largest it disagreeable, or they might stop writletters. The article he wrote came to

enrollment in history, ing letters, and this would disappoint the attention of Miss Emily P. Bissell,

and is making preparamany who derived a lot of pleasure of Wilmington, Delaware, who was tion for additional stufrom hearing from friends and relatives. then interested in raising a large sum of

dents in the Winter and Then another idea came to him. Why money so that the children of her state

Spring quarters. not put on a tax, but use the money for could have a tuberculosis hospital. She

% somebe purchasedgood purpose?for the Giftspoor.orInfoodthis couldway, wentwas thatto theorganizationRed Cross thatfor help,undertookand it

WINTER QUARTER peoplelevy. Suchwoulda taxnotwouldobjectalsoto thatbe volunextra aof nationwidechildren sufferingcampaignfromfortuberculosis.the benefit

tary and not required of anyone who Miss Bissell had already proved that

January 6 to March 21 did not wish to pay. sales of stamps could be successful beNew Students Should Apply Early to Such was his conviction that such a cause, there in Delaware, she had sold

scheme would work that Ejnar Holboell $3,000 worth of stamps which she had

ADMISSIONS COMMITTEE took the matter up with his superiors at printed for her own purpose.

the post office. They were heartily in The next year, 1908, saw the first

accord with the scheme and told him to nationwide sale, sponsored by the Red 5riakam UJovin beworkplacedit out,beforein writing,the generalso thatpostmaster.it could yearCross,thenetsuma totalrealizedof $135,000,mounted. andIn 1920,each 9 The result was that it came to the at- a cooperative agency, called the Natention of King Christian IX, who fully tional Tuberculosis Association, took

approved giving it a trial. up the work with increasing volume of

itl In November 1904, three million stamps sold. Today there are nearly u

Provo, Utah Christmas stamps were sold. They eight hundred sanitariums in this coun-

++*++#+***+++#*# Louise,bore theandportraithad a backgroundof the lateofQueenroses. supportedtry that haveby beensales foundedof these stamps.and mostly

They were very attractive, and the At first, each year saw a different defor tion charge weeks. of the campaign took. two

sales,we orrat. original issue was sold out in less than sign on the stamps. When the associa- a standard stamp design was More than six million stamps were

COMPLETE A that sold cross the doublebarred adopted the money—year—1904—and SERVICE ENGRAVING is insignia the to of the associawhich help the poor of was used Denmark, Missionary Portraits to the Largest From Catalogues. especially those who needed but could tion. One other change was made-—the

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention not afford medical attention. introduction of the word "seal"so that

UTAH ENGRAVING CO. In 1905, a committee of citizens suthey became known as Christmas seals.

113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah pervised the sale of Christmas stamps In 1927, Ejnar Holboell, originator of

and raised enough money to purchase the idea, died, and that year the stamps land and build a sanitarium for tuberbore his portrait, to eulogize the man cular children, near Kolding Fjord. It who had so unselfishly given his time

Your Gift? Make it had accommodations for one hundred. and energy to make this movement such

Within five years, two more buildings a great success. He took no pay for his

The Improvement Era were erected. New hospitals and fields work, and his only reward was that of

An AllYear Remembrance ofenoughservicemoneywerewasopenedraisedand,so thatby 1910,some Copenhagen,being made postmasternamed Charlottenlund.of a suburb of

774 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Together READY NOW—Boxed

On, QdsunL QhjdidmaA, ift THE RICHARD L. EVANS TRILOGY

This Day

and Always"

... and The

a Spoken Word #f Unto the Hills

... faithpromoting, hopesustaining, soulsatisfying words of truth and experience as spoken by Richard

L. Evans for the past sixteen years on the Sunday broadcasts of the Tabernacle Choir and Organ over

KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System.

Boxed together for safekeeping—for these are keepsake books

timeless in spiritual appeal and comment on human life and affairs.

This splendid gift set of the Richard L. Evans books (a $4.50 value) together in their slipcover box—only

$3.95 postpaid. Send your order today. Use the coupon.

Iiiiiic3iiiiiiiiiiiic3iiiiiiiiiiiic3iiiiiiiiiiiic3iifiifiiiiiicaiiii[iiiiiiicaiiriiiiiiiiicaiiiiiiiiiiiic3iiiiiiiiiiircsiiiiii fiiiiiE3iiiiiiiiiiiicaiiiiiiiiiiiic3iiiiiiiiiific3iin

GwL (L VUuv %MaL (Book 9*l Jwul fife QhhhJbmjcUL. wwq—

"Sweet Love Remembered"By HELEN CORTEZ STAFFORD One oi the most important books we've ever published and one of the best Mormon stories ever written... a gripping historical novel of

dramatic action, deep and abiding love and saintly devotion.

The author, who is not a Latterday Saint, writes brilliantly, sympathetically, with deep understanding and sincerity, the story of Mary Ann Phelps Rich, a wife of the great pioneer leader, Charles C. Rich, and mother of distinguished Utahns. This story, of bestseller calibre, handsomely bound and

beautifully printed, is ready for you at only $2.75—splendid as a gift or

keepsake volume for your own library. Use the coupon below to order

your copies, now.

DESERET BOOK CO.

44 East South Temple St. P. O. Box 958 Salt Lake City 10, Utah

Enclosed is $ Send me the books as checked below:

"Sweet Love Remembered"copies at $2.75.

The Richard L. Evans Trilogy, boxed sets at $3.95.

Name. Address

DECEMBER 1946 775 Afnd lo, THEIR NAMES LED ALL Wi THE REST!

B, WJt, Jlami published by Christher out making was she to list people of whom mas & YfALUS Millie Christmas sending be would cTFVENSSTEVEN.,.

OF M cards."Rosabelle, Mary Lou, Gladys- -PUBLISHERS

No, not Gladys."She smudged the

name out with the pencil eraser.

jorie—"Harold, Geraldine, Bobby, MarAgain the rubber end of her pencil

The great GIFT BOOK went into action.

of the year! "Why not Marjorie?"asked Mother.

"Oh, we don't speak. She said I was

frowsy."auvoo Mother smiled as she surveyed the

the Beautiful mop of sunshiny hair that was flying to four winds. E. Cecil by McGavin 5 sr s the

thrilling historical narrative of A true, "Perhaps she was right,"she re-!

the origin with growth and of Nauvoo, its 20,000 time of at people the the marked.

martyrdom Smith. of Joseph and Hyrum "Perhaps she was,"replied Millie, '.

of epic the story grim The mobbing &*&. of expulsion loyal these and out names. "But American smudging writing and &&. citizens; of their the destruction homes;

*'>'tell she can't j me so!"their of their the burning temple; Hertrek across culean plains and mountains; their fortitude unflinching and.C*6',tf6 s>ytf> Mother let her sewing rest in her lap

glorious achievements. as she spoke quietly to the absorbed

AWrittenwealthbyof a newmastermaterialstoryteller,heretofore Millie.

unpublished. "It seems to me,"she said, "that

355 pages. 32 pages of photographs Christmas is a time when messages of pictures. and

ORDER NOW peace and good will should be sent to like as well as to people don't Price $3.00 people we Postpaid

illtimes carry So many we we do.

THREE MORMON HISTORY OF causefeelingthetowardother anotherperson seemspersontojustdislikebeCLASSICS JOSEPH SMITH us; whereas the truth is that each wishes

Thrilling stories of Bv His Mother the other would give 'way, smile a bit,

Wilford Woodruff Jacob Hamblin LUCY MACK SMITH show that the old grievance has been Q. Cannon, George

Price $2.50 Postpaid Price $2.50 Postpaid forgotten. "You really like Marjorie. You miss

LIFE OF HEBER C. KIMBALL her friendship. But you are too proud

by Orson F. Whitney to admit that perhaps you were in the

Large Gift Edition, 520 pages wrong. So you keep feeding the flames

Price $3.00 Postpaid of dislike, blowing the fire brighter.

"Now it is Christmas. You won't

WITNESSES OF THE have to say in so many words, 'I'm soragain,'sendry. but friends Let's by be BOOK OF MORMON

signing name, nice your card, ing a and Nibley by Preston ".*SW* Compiled

evidence documentary wealth of Contains a and Marjorie will know all is forgiven."to every is invaluable which historical information

Book of Mormon student. Printed in large easyto- Mother resumed her sewing.

read type. Price $2.25 Postpaid "I think if I were you, I'd use that

ywvut/wwwA/www FILL OUT AND MAIL THIS COUPON *vwwwwwwwW eraser not to rub out names of onetime

These Fine 3GSTEVENSRichards& WALLIS,St., Salt INC.Lake City 1, Utah friends with whom you have had some

Books are also Please send the books checked below: disagreement, but to rub out all memory

ClasThree BeautiMormon can quarrel that the of which you now at all Nauvoo Sale For sics $3.00 ful scarcely remember."$2.50 probably Smith of Joseph book leading the of Witnesses The

$2.50 Mother His LifeBy Book loveliest the of smiled. She "Some dealers. enclosed. $2.25 Payment Kim- C. of Life ofHeberMormon

ball $3.00 Send C.O.D. friends I have, Millie, were won back

your Order card. a Christmas how by Name No matter copy TODAY or slighted, no matAddress I've been hurt much

ter what quick words of anger may have been said to me during the year, at

Christmas I try to remember whom I iNG list, betsend a and might cross off my Stevens STREET RICHARDS &WALLIS,36 OF PUBLISHERS Its to her. message terthan-usual card UTAH LAKE CITY, SALT FINE BQOKS 796) page on (Concluded

776 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA -r-Photograph Carew from Monkmeyer

With

Mobe

give you the world, Ik World w,E

Our little daughter;

Pink is the land, And blue, the water.

We give you the world;

inj It is in your keeping;

You will find in it joy; lorotluj j.

You will find in it weeping.

Sartori

DECEMBER 1946 777 Brigham Young and Ike Jiione&rd

December 1846

"T exhorted the high council to faith- 'fulness in their duties,... for it

* would not do for this people to go into the wilderness and forget their

God. Remarked, that if I had been intent on getting riches I never should

have had the knowledge God has bestowed upon me, some one else would have stood in my place."—December

13, 1846. "I have told those who expected to journey with us that they should help the poor whether they belonged to the

Church or not; and said, if the Saints

would reform and act upon the knowledge revealed to them, floodgates of knowledge would be opened to them and they would be filled with light and intelligence, but if they did not the gates of knowledge were closed against them and would remain so."—December 20, 1846.

President Brigham Young desired the

Twelve Apostles, the high council, and MotWx a. ttfk the twentytwo bishops at Winter

Quarters should each bring a log twentyfive feet long that they might fiWJaptW, \M<mt cwOio build a council house—Decembernear his house.13, 1846.

President Brigham Young desired the

Last night it was just a happy bedtime storytheirbishopswards,to reporttheir thebusiness,organizationsnumber ofof

Santa Claus and The Chimney. men, women, and children, how many

This morning, well...! sick,that theirtithingreportspaid, etc.,couldwithbetheirseentotals,at a

But where there are active youngsters there will glance.here [WinterThere Quarters]are twentytwotheir bishopsreports

be "accidents". And wherever there's FelsNaptha should all be read in fortyfour minutes.—December 15, 1846.

Soap, dirt is a minor problem.

President Young reported that the

For thorough, easy washing, this good, mild soap lower story of the flouring mill was—fortified with gentle naptha—just can't be completed,putting dirtGeorgeon the A.roofSmithof hishadhouse,been

beat. Mothers use it more and more to keep Orson Pratt was studying the polarization of light, Heber C. Kimball had

baby things sweet and fresh and white. built thirteen cabins with the help of

those living with him and had also built

It isn't always easy to find about as many more by hired help.

19, 1846. FelsNaptha now, but most—December

women say it's worth It was thirty minutes past two p.m. when Brigham Young met in council in

hunting for. Elder H. C. Kimball's house with

Elders Kimball, Orson Pratt, Willard

Richards, Amasa M. Lyman, George

A. Smith, Newel K. Whitney, Peter

Haws, Albert P. Rockwood, Ezra T.

Benson, Joseph Young, George D.

Grant, and shortly they were joined byFelsNaptha Soap Elders Wilford P. Woodruff and H.

ban/she$"tattletale gray Young.

778 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

INVENTORY

or Lyur edsma6 amd Lyppodunltled TP

By PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

AM reminded of a conversation with a gentletheir available time to keep us children fed and man who was not a member of the Church. clothed and in school. Yet, all along the line,

I He was a judge of the Supreme Court of for some reason or another, we enjoyed the richOregon (and, by the way, nominated one of the ness of earth.

Vice Presidents of the United States, who later No millionaire has ever enjoyed his life more became President of the United States). He had than I have mine. I have not been possessed of

been among our people, had come to know a very much wealth or property, but always number of them, and he and I became quite well enough. And I want to tell you that I have been

acquainted. We were riding together in an grateful for food, for every mouthful that I have

automobile from Nashville, Tennessee, out to partaken of, and for the privileges of my home, the old Jackson Hermitage, and he surprised me for having had the companionship of a lovely by turning in the car and saying: wife, and for parenthood, for having children

"I wonder if you appreciate the richness of born to me to nurture and teach and care for your life?"all these things have been rich to me. And morning and evening it has been a joy to kneel in the I said, "I think I do."

presence of my Maker and thank him for his

He said, "I wonder if you do."blessings.

"Well,"I said, "just what do you have in It is not the things we have that make us happy.

your mind?"It is what we feel. This was illustrated to me

"Why,"he said, "to have been reared as you one day by an earnest brother who came from were in a home where they believed in God, and Holland. He could not speak English. I helped

where they had family prayers, where they him get a modest position and a place where he were familiar with the Bible, and where they did could live, with a small garden, in the ward in not partake of food without thanking the Lord which I lived. He used to come to fast meetings

for it. and hear the brethren and sisters bear their

"Furthermore, wherever you go everybody testimonies in English, although he could not unknows you are a member of the 'Mormon'derstand what was being said. Then, to return

Church, and this does not seem to be any disthe compliment, he and his wife would get up advantage to you; in fact, they seem to want to and bear their testimonies in Dutch, which we

do more for you because of it. Here in this could not understand. One day after fast meetgreat convention you are the only member of ing I tried to say to him, with the aid of many

your Church; everybody knows who you are. motions: "Brother Folkers, why do you come to

And you can't get off the train in any large city an Englishspeaking meeting when you cannot in the United States in which you do not have a understand what is said?"At length it dawned

friend who would meet you, if he knew you on him what I was trying to say. "Ik versta,"

were coming."I think he said, to let me know he understood.

He continued: "Think of it; think of your Then he did this: he touched his eye and he

forebears and of the lineage of the blood that is said, "It is not what you see"; and he touched

in your veins."his ear and said: "It is not what you hear, but

Then he climaxed it all when he said: "And what you feel that makes you happy."

your sublime faith. I wonder if you appreciate I have thought of this a good many times. It

it."is what we feel, and the more we feel, under the

I have thought of this many times. With all inspiration of the Spirit of God, the happier we

that God gives to us, do we appreciate it? are. And at this season, as children of our FaIt is marvelous to me, when I think of my own ther in heaven, blessed above the world, many,

experience as a child. We were reared in a very many times over, possessed of opportunities and

ordinary home, as far as the things of this world privileges that the world knows nothing about, were concerned. Father and Mother spent all ( Concluded on page 828

Jke d*ditor4 fcaa&t DECEMBER 1946 779.: -;---.: -:-;-;.:;::::'.: '.':,;v.':: ':

lredidi t GEORGE

By PRESTON NIBLEY

member of the original band of Pioprominent attribute that the neers that came to Utah in July 1847. ONEyoung man possessed was his

George Albert Smith's mother independence of character, a desire was Sarah Farr, daughter of Lorin to make his own way through life

Farr, a pioneer of Weber County and take care of himself. Thus at

and one of the most prominent men nineteen years of age we find him of northern Utah. Sarah Farr Smith leaving school and preparing to

possessed all the beautiful attributes launch out on a business career. He

that a mother could have; she was at once obtained employment with

kind, considerate, loving, tender, Zion's Cooperative Mercantile Inand true. This writer remembers her stitution and became a salesman for

well and has enjoyed the hospitality that firm, journeying through the of her home. towns and villages of southern Utah.

Thus George Albert Smith was As the diary begins, we note born in a distinguished family and that it is the account of the second was given a name which it was an trip over the route. A previous jour-

$s honor to bear. He has added laurels ney had been made of which we

GEORGE ALBERT SMITH to that name. have no record. George Albert's

About the time of his marriage In reading this little diary, I was companion on this second journey is impressed with the fact that the boy known to us only as "Jim."

7V s I write this article, I have bepossessed the same characteristics And now to our story. The first

/-X fore me a small record book, that now distinguish the man. His entry is dated Salt Lake City, May

* * bound in red leather, which character appears to have been 21, 1890.

contains the first diary ever kept by formed at that early age. He was Started today on a trip to Panaca, [Nethe beloved President of the Church, friendly, kind, considerate, energetic, vada]. Was delayed three hours on account

George Albert Smith. The opening loyal to his Church and to its prinof a disabled wagon. Left Salt Lake at

page reveals that the diary was beciples, determined to do only what 12:15 p.m. and arrived at American Fork

lame. horses Met o'clock, both seven the just in eyes right of God at and was 1890, month onegun on May 21, the hotel. Spent in one five Z.C.M.I. men his salvation out man; to work and his past days twenand seventeen practising visiting and hotel the at evening

tieth birthday. and preserve himself unblemished on guitar while Jim played the flute.

In 1890, George Albert, as he was from the world. From his earliest

familiarly known to his relatives and youth, his life appears to have gone The town of Panaca is a small friends, lived with his parents and forward in a straight line, without "Mormon"community of about brothers and sisters at the family deviation to the right or to the left. three hundred people, located now in

home on West Temple Street, diWhat an example to all of us as we rectly west of Temple Square. His strive to make our way through this ALBERTSALT LAKESMITHCITYWASABOUTSALESMANTHE TIMEFOR GEORGEZ.C.M.I.

streets and trees alongfather, John Henry Smith, was, at complex and troubled world! (Note the unpaved

Street.) Main

the time, one of the leading men of the Church and the Territory. He

was a member of the Council of the

Twelve, and a few years previously had presided over the European

Mission. He had taken an active

part in politics and had been a member of both the city council and the territorial legislature. He was known

as a substantial, dependable man, a man of great force of character, a pillar of strength in the community.

In addition to his own personal accomplishments, John Henry Smith was distinguished by being the son of a great father, President George

A. Smith, onetime counselor to

President Brigham Young, and a 780 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ALBERT SMITH ad JaUeiman

Lincoln County, Nevada, ninety complied, and in a few minutes the miles northwest of St. George. Fiftyjug, filled with illsmelling sulphur

six years ago it was much more primwater from a flowing well, was back itive; an outpost of the "Mormon"in its place in the wagon. It was a

settlements. day or two before Jim found out

Panaca was the objective of the about this magic change of whiskey two salesmen, and they intended to into water, as we shall see later in cover all the towns between Salt this story. Meantime, here is the

Lake City and that place. George second day's entry.

Albert was taking orders for groMay 22: Sold five bills of goods in AmerLUCYAt aboutEMILYeighteenWOODRUFFyears ofSMITHage

ceries and Jim for shoes. Their ican Fork and left for Pleasant Grove. Sold

transportation was a covered wagon two bills there and got to Provo before pulled by a team of horses, none too eight o'clock. Horses still lame, but not (N May 24th the salesmen confast on their feet and inclined to beso bad. Called and took supper with grandtinued their journey southward.

fine a boy, has ma. born SunGrace on In lame. the in Sold early the the Provo Coop come were wagon West

last. in yet. not Other boys downday Jim dinner; to Springville morning. for Went effects their the personal of men, two I feel stairs cards. playing smoking and

bills. sold dinner to After Spanish went two a bedding, complete and camping tired effects of the hard work. very from

bill in Fork. to Sold got one Payson and

is all that asked. can outfit in be Weather stalled The they case overwere sell first bills. rate. to time feeling two Am

I is beautiful the that country most have far habitation. night from some They is little is quite a weather The warm. Jim

is It is seen. perfect ever garden. a Provo their homesick. inalso has musical along brought borrowed our Somebody

building street railway. a of a number Met whip. the struments. Albert played George I friends old received a from my whom

guitar and harmonica, and Jim, the hearty welcome. And then the following under date

flute. Brother George also carried of Sunday, May 25th, while still at

a set of Indian clubs and dumbbells A few words of explanation of the Payson.

to keep his muscles trim and perhaps above paragraph. Grandma, of

to give an exhibition or two to the whom George Albert speaks, and This morning is very pleasant. The

residents of the outlying villages. with whom he took supper, was his alocustverytreessweetin frontperfume.of theWenthousetothrowSundayoff

And so the two salesmen set forth father's foster mother, Hannah School. Was called to address the theologion their journey. Their first stop was Maria Libbey Smith, wife of Presical class, as was also Jim. I attended meetAmerican Fork, where they arrived, dent George A. Smith. ing this afternoon. I wrote to Lucy. Mailed

written. I have Have

that I would after seven hours of travel, with a The third entry is made in Provo allthoughtof mya ordersnumberthatof times lame team. They averaged a little like and dated May 23rd. to be home today. Have read considerable

better than four miles an hour. in the book The Prince of the House of

Arose at 6:30. Exercised with dumbDavid. Was amused at Jim when he found

"Detween Salt Lake City and bells about thirty minutes, and Indian clubs that somebody had taken his whiskey and

American Fork, Jim, the elder of the same. Had team hitched up to go to filled his demijohn with water.

the two men, confided to George Springvillethe train. Soldbut changedtwo bills myin Springvillemind and tookand So the secret was out. Recently,

Albert that he had brought along a got back to Provo again at six o'clock. After while in conversation with Presijug of whiskey with which to treat supper helped the West Coop move goods dent Smith, I reminded him of this

his customers. This news did not set until nearly twelve o'clock. The rest of incident which occurred fiftysix

are the boys not in yet. Wrote to mother Albert; well with he George was the ago. years readily He remembered today. and Lucy apostle it. an son of and the grandson After a hearty laugh he said,

of an apostle; he had been brought Lucy was the sweetheart that "Yes, I remember that Jim Was

up in a home where the Word of George Albert had left in Salt Lake pretty sore when he found that his

Wisdom had been scrupulously obCity—Lucy Emily Woodruff, eldest whiskey was gone."

served. "No, that will not do at all,"daughter of Wilford Woodruff, Jr., On the morning of the 26th, the

he thought, "somewhere, somehow I and Emily Jane Smith. Lucy was travelers left for Nephi.

must contrive to get rid of that fifteen months older than George AlLeft at Payson fourthirty for Nephi a.m. opportunity whiskey."to bert, at the time came The and he was making Arrived at ninethirty. at Nephi Shipped

later in nights this trip Provo. him a few south, in she employed was five hundred of oats pounds to Milford.

While Jim was away from the wagthe county surveyor's office. She has Cost $2.10 per cwt. The heat is very opon, George Albert located the jug been described by one who knew her pressive and the roads very dusty. Bridges

and gave it to a friend with instrucat the time as "a charming young reported washed out farther down; My tie

people. head Had my to tions out pour the whiskey and woman

bill with a smile that any girl shingledpin capturesclose. theSold here. a fine Exrefill the with jug water. might envy."The friend (Continued on page 829)

DECEMBER 1946 781

Joseph Smith

Dm J-'resident cJLevi Cdaar UJowna

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

Joseph Smith was a rare characsaying; He received a fulness of truth, yea,

ter in history, a man all too commandmentseven of all truth;receiveth... He truththat keepethand light,his

little known in the outside until he is glorified in truth and knoweth all world, and I sometimes think, too things.... The glory of God is intelligence,

little understood by Latterday or, in other words, light and truth. (D. &

Saints. A transcendent soul who C. 93:26, 28, 36.)

walked and talked with God, it is T arge problems of life are to be world, this in darkened who,he right. This solved solved and the conscience, ofgives law the us

all shall that not does mean men this In of the God. law, lawmoral

differ, differ, alike. think must Men of sorrow this worldchaotic world,

affect the that not but momendoes with its loss of a belief in a Living tous principles of religion, for they

God, where are we to look for divine authority, for principles, for standare of God.

ards? It seems as if the creeds are For thus saith the Lord—I, the Lord, am

likely to play no creative part in the merciful and gracious unto those who fear present chapter of human relationJOSEPH SMITH THE PROPHET me,in righteousnessand delight toandhonorin thosetruth whounto servethe end,me ships. It was our own American... And their wisdom shall be great, and

scholar, Ralph Waldo Emerson who their understanding reach to heaven. (D. 6

wrote C. 76:5, 9.)

learning of other days, of God's has in the church that spirit dwelt arcan The a student only way The his the children dealings from with old to the they come and glided who away, of a rive at a valuable judgment history. of Rebeginning human exhaustion. spiritual shrines feel a science in or philosophy man's work witnessed so great have cent years

Victor Hugo in his life of Shakean increase of knowledge that it or religion is by reading the man's speare says that: would be strange if religious truth own words as he has written them

to know Every epoch is condensed in a man as alone were excluded from that learnhimself. When we want

all light is condensed into a flame, and for ing. Divine truths must be adapted what the Mohammedans believe, we

a great idea to take hold of the human mind, to the presentday problems. The read the Koran. If we wish to know

you must consider where the power lies. innate moral sense of man must find the message of Paul the apostle of

the his epistles, old, read and we bearings. thought to the new to apply this I wish

to the Apostles. wish of Acts If we of "Mormonism,"rise growth and Smith ushered in a new Joseph writtruths as into sublime enter the minds noble century, in past the for is era. historic a given power Man the ten Shakespeare, read by we its developing at work been have civzenith to to of the ascend now dramatist. the great of English plays

It earth. began upon great message is ilization. soul deal to of man The if as truths the the wishes wocld So marked of who a power with man It is childlike to direct be with God. Smith, the Prophet taught Joseph by religion, in stagnation of period the its divine, in the attitude but toward his contribution read on they must

for future human- a inaugurated and it is to with searchingly honest be in religion as the given and Doctrine is be to if world the follow ity to itself great the only seek and and in the remarkable Covenants and the huof enlargement saved. The taught. as our Jesus Redeemer way translation the of he American made rethe as place is taking mind man this place to are ourselves on By we as of the scriptures Book known

light which the the sult of and man striving vision higher plane of a by repeat what here Mormon. we And gave Smith Joseph God. from he had loftier things see to a from more and before: said was the that thought enlightened the us divine viewpoint. somemay We

is in as condensed epoch Every a man is one be divine can and of soul man in error, are because times be we is for into all flame, light and a condensed enduring. pure and What with God, finite, the nearest but approach we of mind, the idea to a take hold great human to of most needs the world all—and light of lies. to the "white pure the consider can make where must power you the end—is God, not God in the truth"is to raise our thoughts as

heavens and in the past alone, but closely as we can to those of God Let us consider for a moment what

God here, and ready by the man and his eternal truths. This noble the Prophet said about learning and

whom he hath ordained to repeat teaching is sustained by the words books. Seldom can one read a senand enlarge the work recorded in of the Prophet. tence that expresses a more thoughtGenesis, and promised in the New ful ideal than the one the Prophet

Testament. The Spirit of truth is of God. I am the Joseph Smith gave us when he

We do well to keep before us the Spirit of truth, and John bore record of me, wrote ( Continued on page 827 782 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Copyright by The Christian Century and reprinted by special permission of that publication and author.Vke MENACE of

aunce snmmer3, &,J- MODERATION

trol"for the word which is translated

J. Maurice Trimmer is pastor of the "temperance"in the King James VerFifth Avenue Baptist Church in sion.

Huntington, West Virginia. During The doctrine of moderation is a

193739, while pastor of the Salem menace because it is primarily the paBaptist Church, Salem, Virginia, Mr,

Trimmer served as chaplain of a tronage of the socalled moderate drinkveterans'psychopathic hospital in ers that enables the liquor traffic to nearby Roanoke. Mr. Trimmer has flourish and to exert its powerful and

devoted considerable study to the pernicious influence on personal and problem of alcohol. national life. In the promotion of the

liquor traffic, producer and consumer are equally responsible. In his recent

article on "Liquor"in Life magazine.

Francis Sill Wickware writes:SomeSeagrammen shouldDistillersnot Corporationdrink. The

says so. It said so in an expenThere are an estimated 50,000,000 users

sive series of advertisements which folof alcohol in this country, of whom 46,000,- lowed the motion picture The Lost 000problem.are purely "social drinkers"and no

Weekend across the country. It says

so occasionally in its continuous proHe says there are about 3,000,000 exgram of advertising, for which it spends cessive drinkers and about 750,000 al- $7,000,000 a year. "Ever since repeal coholic addicts. The claim that the

in 1934, the house of Seagram has ex46,000,000 moderate drinkers conerted all its influence to further the stitute no problem must be vigorously cause of moderation in drinking,"said challenged. There would be no addicts teachings of the drys on the subject

one of its ads. All its influence? Hardif there were no moderate drinkers. The have a substantial foundation in fact.

ly. Most of its influence goes to describdrink evil, with its notorious contribuAnd many pastors will agree with

ing liquor in the most glowing terms, in tion to crime, immorality, poverty, them. Each year American life insurthe interest of cultivating thirst and disease, political corruption, divorce, ance companies reject approximately

recruiting new customers. Moderation and wrecked character, is created 100,000 applicants because of physiis only the hook on the line—such an and financed by them. Because they cal disabilities developed through aleffective hook that it is one of the most furnish through their patronage a major coholic indulgence. Why? Unquestionefficient producers of addiction and part of the enormous income by which ably because thousands of drinkers

hopeless alcoholism. the liquor traffic is maintained, moderate have suffered extremely injurious physiModeration in drinking is called drinkers are definitely a part of the cal effects, and many have died, as a

"temperance."That is an Aristotelian problem rather than a part of the anresult of alcohol. Whatever their

but not a Christian virtue. Aristotle swer. opinion as to its effects on the body,

based his ethical teaching on the "goldDrinking and Efficiency medical men are unanimously agreed en mean."Thus he held that thrift is that moderate drinking impairs the

the mean between miserliness and /Consider several specific ways in judgment, blunts the critical sense, and prodigality, courtesy the mean between which moderate indulgence in inreduces the capacity to react and coflattery and contempt, courage the toxicants is a menace. First, it is an ordinate properly. The faulty functionmean between boasting and servilestablished fact that moderate drinking ing of essential faculties is apparent

ity. He sought to elevate "moderareduces mental and physical efficiency long before the state of intoxication is

tion in all things"into a moral principle to such a degree that it can be not only reached. But, while a drinker's comwhich would be a safe guide to conharmful but also disastrous. In his Life petence diminishes, his confidence induct in all circumstances. But the article Mr. Wickware declares, "Modcreases immeasurably under the influHebrew-Christian view is different. ern research gives alcohol a clean physence of a few drinks. Moderate indulAdultery is wrong, whether committed iological bill of health."He claims that gence produces that expansive mood

"reasonably and with restraint"or the traditional teachings of the drys to known as "euphoria"in which the otherwise. To approve of killing, stealthe effect that the drinker is likely to dedrinker's selfesteem and selfassur-

ing, and lying in moderation would be velop various diseases have no foundaance are considerably inflated. His

a gross distortion of Christian moral tion in fact, according to two medical certainty that he is capable of superb standards. It is total abstinence that is authorities whom he names. He does performance, with the resultant inclinademanded, and there are sound reasons not labor the fact that this is a highly tion to drive recklessly and at high

for insisting that total abstinence is the controversial question on which medical speeds, is the principal reason why the only practice that fulfils the requiremen disagree. Was this because Life moderate drinker is such a menace as

ments of Christian morality with referreceives so large a share of its income a motorist on the highway. It is not

ence to intoxicating beverages. In this from liquor advertisements? There are primarily the drunken driver but the

connection, it is important to note that many other eminent physicians who will drinking driver who is responsible for nearly all the modern translations of the insist on the basis of their observation the numerous and serious accidents.

New Testament substitute "selfcon- and experience that the traditional ( Continued on page 825

DECEMBER 1946 783

Uke STAFF LIFE

rHE Lord says: "All grain is ordained for the

use of man and of beasts, to be the staff of life.... Nevertheless, wheat for man."

(D. & C. 89:14, 17.)

By ELIZABETH FETZER BATES

about getting only the center carborevelation that he did not refer only hydrates and a small amount of to liquor and tobacco.

proteins in white flour and some Why not use the entire wheat cereals. This staff is a mere shadow berry as the Lord made it, ground

of what was intended for us. No fine for wholesome food? The body

wonder we falter on the way of life. must have roughage for bowel

the entire wheat berWe even go about saying, "I health—hence

can't eat whole wheat,"just because ry is needed.

we have heard that it has a roughage \\7e do know something about element. Tiny babies can handle nutrition, but I am sure there

whole wheat gruel made by stirring are a great many factors about which whole wheat flour into boiling water. we know nothing. Particularly am

At six months a baby can handle I sure that there is considerable in whole wheat Germade, and at nine correct proportion and combination months, cracked wheat and whole which makes food assimilable to the wheat toast. Mary Davies Swartz human body, and these are not now

Rose of Teacher's College, Columeven contemplated by our "wise bia University, in her book Feeding men."There are a few doctors who

the Family states: "At the age of admit that plain oldfashioned whole

six months, one to two teaspoonfuls codliver oil is the best form in which of a cereal mush thoroughly cooked to get extra vitamin D; that when it

should be given before one of the is concentrated and processed, somemorning feedings.... After the first thing is lost. What is it? Why is it?

few weeks of cereal feeding a whole Digestion is mainly a chemical procwheat preparation such as Wheatess. In chemical reactions very often

ena"may be combined with the there is present a catalyst, which is cereal or Pablum "or some whole necessary to make the reaction comwheat flour may be used in the same plete, but many nutritionists do not iron supply the increasing way, this factor. discuss of even the through stumble we should adding much as as well the diet"Lord says The the disease, might road ofIF rocky I denying not B. vitamin am needed

all to keep and remember And saints who the eaten grain to make we have one's untrain it is possible so to that to in obedience these sayings, walking its"staff,"need crumble when we it that injure and so to stomach, health in shall receive it dothe commandments, support most? cannot readily handle what the Lord their navel and marrow to their bones;

It seems obvious that when the said was the staff of life. And shall find wisdom and great treasures

treasures; hidden of knowledge, even And staff to grain be the said wasLord exist, a conconditions If these

shall and not walk weary, be run and shall just life, grain theof meant he to should be made as sistent attempt I, faint. give unto the Lord, not and And

he had prepared it for us. If we paid add small amounts to the diet, until them a promise, that the destroying angel

an orchestra fifty dollars to play for the normal amount can be digested. shall pass by them, as the children of Israel,

us for an hour, we would not be satThe Lord says: and not slay them, (ibid., 1821.)

isfied just to hear the drums—with truth. is the of the Lord word The saith the verily, thus Lord Behold,

occasional note from theperhaps an that are not must admit we evils designs of and In consequence unto We you:

violins and a small blast from the which do and will exist in the hearts of conobeying the commandment or we wind instruments. Yet we pay comspiring men in the last days, I have warned would obtain the blessings in full.

giving unto you, you by and forewarn you, in vitamins the topanies throw away faulty blood, inherit do some We revelation. (D. this of wisdom by & word strings) the to (comparablewheat etc., birth, organs, muscle, at but we 89:4.) C. to the minerals ( comparableand the attribute state the present of cannot

wind instruments) and are happy It is plain from the language in,the (Concluded on page 824) 784 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

IN ANCIENT AMERICAjL WLei | I |HE Book of Mormon says the Bif Vkotnad Jtuart J'enaudon, LLB.

wheel was in use in ancient J- America. Scientific evidence

in the not the wheel wasshows known of Lehi. the of colony Jerusalem The by This, too, is in a quotation the from to prior the hemispherewestern coming earliest indication actual of usage of writings Isaiah: of

latter of the of the part the European the of people wheel by Book Mormon century. thesixteenth Therefore, Book that iniquity unto them with draw is is in date found approxiAlma. Wo The

is false."of typical This was Mormon of sin cords vanity, and with as it were a mately B.C. 90

line levied against the attackof of (II one cart rope. 15:18.) Nephi

Book of Mormon from certain quarters Now the king [Lamoni, a Lamanite] had his servants, the to previous commanded the decades.during past type This few it is clear that the Thus, of Book the their of of flocks, that time watering criticismof the of unfavorable record credits the ancients a with Mormon horses chariots, his they should prepare and usually "expert"thehas from come the of the knowledge very wheel from to the forth land Nephi; conduct of and him

insists talking of persontype on who in... outset of history NephiteMulekite 18:9. also 18:10, See (Alma Alma

critic facts."of "theonly type of This contrast, estabwell In the B.C. 600 12; 20:6.)

has assumed the facts were all in on this lished view of most students in the field particular technicality of the Book of It is interesting to observe that in the of American antiquities has been that

Mormon, and he has generally been entire record there is, in addition to the the wheel was first introduced by the willing to condemn the entire Nephite above mentioned references to the European invaders of the sixteenth and reasoning that as chariots a fabrication, the Lamanite, butwork of Lamoni, centuries. typical exseventeenth A therefore the account is false,part of of chariots. single reference use to the a following: of this pression the view is

the entirety must fall. This is found in Third Nephi and concritic that was certain The scholarly cerns an event taking place about 17 been to have seems wheel in any form No

in ancientwheels were not known A.D.: in already and America, used we have

Spanish, the becauseAmerica when fosterancestor in general that noticed our it in to the seventeenth pass came And English, Dutch, French,Portuguese, Mason, unmechanical. (Gregory very was

latter year, in the the the procof end Co.. Century Late, first Columbus colonists The other contacted Cameand of [Nephite governor] the year,lamation Lachoneus

1931, York, p. 56.) thisnatives of following hemisphere all forth of New face the throughout had gone

the discovery of America, they found the land, and they had taken their horses, no use being made of the wheel. Furand their chariots, and their cattle, and all In stubborn adherence to this view,

ther, archeologists, in carefully examintheir flocks, and their herds, and their grain, the experts went so far as almost to ing the ancient works of art brought to light by excavations and research, found no representations of vehicles with wheels. Also, in the then known

native traditions there were apparently no memories of the wheel. From these

sources, it was concluded by many that the wheel did not exist in ancient America. This view was almost universally

accepted by leading American archeologists and historians. This was true in

spite of the fact that but a small fraction of the known archeological sites of Middle America and other important zones had been touched by the scientific shovel.

It is not disputed that in 600 B.C.

wheels were in common use in Palestine and the Near East. It was from there

the Book of Mormon colonists came.

There is little doubt that the people of

Lehi and the people of Mulek would have brought with them a knowledge of the wheel, a mechanical device so useful to mankind. And it is so implied in Wheeled toys from Mexico, a, b, from Panuco,

c, inches; Cruz, seven from Tenenelength Vera all their forth did substance, march and and Ifthe Smith Mormon. Book of Joseph illustration); d, pango Tres (Charnay's from to the appointed place been... which had of Valley Zapotes, Cruz; Vera e, from Oaxaca. thefabricated culthese early idea that

tured inhabitants of Middle America thatto defendthey shouldthemselvesgatheragainstthemselvestheir together,enemies.—Courtesy, American Antiquity, April 1946.

came from the Near East, he necessari- (Ill Nephi 3:22.)

ly had to give them the wheel. He did, ignore and discredit the important disand some of his critics laughed. After The word wheels itself is used in one covery near the valley of Mexico in

the lapse of one hundred years, Joseph instance, being part of a poetic quota- 1 880 of an ancient wheeled toy. Desire

Smith has been vindicated on this tion from Isaiah, taken from the plates Charnay, a French archeologist, while technicality. of brass: excavating on the slopes of the magnifiTn the Book of Mormon there are seven like..flint,. theirandhorses'their wheelshoofs likeshalla bewhirlwind,counted knowncent mountain,as Tenenepango,Popocatepetl,madeat a thissite

references to chariots. The first and their roaring like a lion. (II Nephi 15:28.) significant find. (Charnay, Desire.

earliest reference is in Second Nephi, 1887. The Ancient Cities of the New

chapter twelve, and is a quotation from A single mention is made of the word World, pp. 17, 174.)

the brass plates, the record brought out carf. {Continued on page 818)

DECEMBER 1946 785 1IKE FATHER LIKE SON"MAY HAVE NOTHING TO

DO WITH THIS STORY -AND AGAIN IT MIGHT...

Dm cLcaura orndonMY GRANDSON

npi Xhe old doctor rested his elbows on the counter and sighed.

He always felt more weary on his days off than on busy days.

"I'd like some sox,"he said to the pleasantly smiling lady who came to wait on him. "Something gay."He

was aware of smiling slightly. "Size

twelve. For my grandson."

"I'll see what we have,"the clerk said hesitating. "In that size we have

mostly plain colors. Your grandson

must be a big lad."

"He's tall but thin."The doctor

wanted to tell the clerk he had grown six inches in a year but decided against it.

She was most accommodating.

The doctor chose the two brightest pairs, red plaid, blue plaid. He was

asked if there was anything more.

For a moment he was thoughtful, "Yes, he did say he'd like some heavy white sox for tennis."

They're exactly "Thanks, Grandpa. "I'm sorry. We haven't any just right. so much."Thanks

now."The clerk sighed. "I wish look at Billy's present. Sox, size

tennis. All played he cares boymy twelve, tall, Billy six feet drivnearly care very much that we "Do you isfor football."ing his talking car, about own colhaven't he asked. a baby?"If her son, could she talk about lege, interstudying trigonometry,

he could talk about his grandson, the ested in a girl with red hair. Billy Ellen smiled. She was twentythen, seventeen. looked "We're reasoned.doctor is a pretty boy Bill "My called he should be now one

just are, Will, but I as happy we player, I believe butgood tennis old. sixteen doctor years The he—wasmaybe like kitten."a would basketball more."enjoys That was breath. took a only deep It seemed

probably enough to say, though he a few yesterdays ago that Billy's faWill bought the kitten, black and wanted to add that Billy had made a ther was a little tyke. The doctor white, a rattling purr, a bright pink

record high jump, had a good singlooked at his watch. Twenty minnose. Ellen named it Thorndyke,

ing voice, played first violin in the utes to wait. Let the cars and people spent hours playing with it. Her hapschool orchestra. rush by, he was going to enjoy twenpiness seemed complete.

"Shall I wrap these as a gift?"the ty good minutes dreaming in the sun. "This isn't pretty,"the doctor said

woman was asking. He thought of Ellen, his lovely, one evening as he sat reading his

"No, no thank you."vivacious wife who had never grown paper. He handed Ellen the story of

The doctor did not explain he alolder or less beautiful. Even on that a high school teacher whose car had

ways bought a little gift for Billy morning, five years ago, when she stalled on the tracks. The man and

children wife two young and she had not awakened, been his had street the he shopped. on Outwhen the hosbefore they reached died beautiful. think of Ellen He liked to step, longer with light nohe walked

tired, happy because a boy would be waltzing, riding Lady, laughing. pital.

happy. Quickly he went to the bench "An entire family wiped out,"Elwhere he was to wait for Billy, his xIe remembered a converlen said, "just because they had one

own car being in the garage for the sation they had one evening when of those horrible automobiles."

day. He was glad to find the bench they had been married about three "Not an entire family,"the doctor

unoccupied, glad that people hurried years. Ellen in her flowing white pointed out. "You didn't read the

by without glancing in his direction. dress was lying in a hammock while last line."

He opened his bag to take another he sat on a hassock beside her. "The eldest son, thirteenyear-old

786 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Layne, was not with the family,"she ber he saw Layne cry just once. He Layne became an architect and a

said. was nearly fourteen and had develgood one. He was a junior partner

"I knew them slightly,"the doctor oped an enormous appetite. He often in a San Francisco firm. At first

said thoughtfully. "I stitched up showed his embarrassment at eating there was little building, then almost

Layne's smashed hand a few months too much, refused seconds when the none. Layne spent a half day in the

back. Got it caught in a cement mixdoctor believed he was still hungry. office, the other half working in a

er. Cute kid, and a grand soldier. "Go ahead, Son,"the doctor said store. The doctor's practice was big,

When I was dressing his hand, he one night, "another chop won't hurt his expenses heavy, his income small told me it was perspiration, not tears you."as his patients paid their doctor bills

on his face."Layne hesitated, refused. last, knowing no collector would call.

"Poor kid,"Ellen said. "I bought an extra one so you

"Old enough to feel the full could have two,"Ellen argued. W,hen Layne married a

weight of the tragedy,"the doctor The boy looked at his plate, spoke pretty little girl, the doctor borrowed went on. "Young enough to need without looking up. "When I think on an insurance policy, and gave

his family terribly. Unless some unof all the extra food you buy for me, him a down payment on a house as

derstanding person takes that boy, I feel so—so adopted."a wedding present. It was a happy

the rest of his life can be ruined."The doctor slapped the table with marriage though Dianna often

"Has he grandparents?"his flattened hand. "You say anywanted more than Layne could af-

"I don't know. The paper doesn't thing like that again, young man, ford. One day Layne drove down

mention any.... You know, Ellen, and I'll show you you're not too big from San Francisco to have a seri-

I'd like to find out about that boy."for a trip out to the woodshed."ous talk with the doctor. He talked

Ellen turned pale. "Will, are you The boy looked up, wide eyed, with less difficulty than usual, as

thinking ive might take him?"open mouthed. Slowly his face bethough he had prepared every sen-

"Oh, he probably has relatives."came red. He left the table. Quicktence.

Ellen sat on the arm of the docly the doctor was beside him, an arm "Dad, ever since I was thirteen, tor's chair, herself again. "If no one across his shoulders. "I'm sorry, I've wanted to do something to pay

wants him, and he isn't the kind of Son,"he said. back all you folks did for me. I

boy who'd pull Thorndyke's tail, I "I try,"the boy said simply. "I haven't much money, but that

wouldn't mind, Will."didn't think I'd ever do or say anydoesn't matter. You'll never need

"The boy's father was a math thing that-—money anyway."

teacher,"the doctor said. "I have strong feelings on the subThe doctor's back itched a little,

He went on reading his paper, ject,"the doctor cut in. "You are so then the top of his head.

though he occasionally laid it down much my boy that I won't stand for "No, don't say anything,"Layne to comment, "The attic would make your feeling any other way. Now hurried on. "I've figured out what

a fine playroom,"or, "I'd like to come on back to the table and don't I can do. I'm going to adopt a boy,

have a croquet court in the back."be mad at me."because you adopted me. I'm going

"A good thirteenyear-old wouldThe boy's slender body trembled. to name him after you, and it doesn't

n't be much work,"Ellen said sweetHe covered his eyes with a sweatmatter if we have ten kids of our ly. "Would you ask the sheriff or a ered arm, hurried to his own room. own, I'm going to treat that boy as

lawyer about taking him?"A little later the doctor left to make you treated me."

"I'll have a talk with the boy,"a call on a patient in the hills above The doctor looked away, ashamed the doctor said, and laughed. "Probthe city. of the moisture in his eyes. He knew

ably right now his relatives are fight- "Take Layne along for the ride,"he was getting older and tired. He

ing over his custody."Ellen suggested. "I won't go."was not sure of the wisdom of

The next day the doctor called On the way home looking down at Layne's decision. Dianna was so

on a palefaced boy who answered the city's lights, the boy started a young and restless. Layne was talkquestions with a "Yes, sir,"or a sentence. ing:

all he said. "I'm not going to take a kid be-"No, sir."He was being cared for "Some day—"was

by a neighbor who had five children One day, when Layne was a juncause he's cute. I'm going to take

and a small home. He had no relaior in high school, he came home in him because he needs a home. And

tives. high spirits. Only with coaxing did I've found the baby!"

A few days later Layne was living he explain his elation. Layne took his wallet from his

in the doctor's big house. Time and "In mechanical drawing today,"pocket, removed a newspaper clipfull days cured him of the scars left he said, blushing a little, "the teachping. The doctor read the story of

by the tragedy. He talked little, was er said I'm the best student he's ever a halfstarved baby found in a bus

a willing helper in the house or garhad."station. Though the size of a new

den. With Thorndyke he was al- "Fine!"Ellen said. born infant, hospital attendants estiways gentle, but he blacked the eye Layne played with his fingernails. mated his age as at least six weeks.

of a boy who said Ellen was silly- "I'm glad, because I've been thinkIt was thought possible that he may looking in her pink organdie dress ing for a long time I'd like to be an have been unwanted because of his and picture hat. architect some day."deformed feet.

"I know an architect in San Fran- "We've made our application alIn time Layne became the cisco,"the doctor said, "a good one, ready,"Layne went on, "but we doctor's legally adopted son. too. We'll go up and have a talk can't take him home for awhile, and

As far as the doctor could rememwith him if you're serious."In time ( Concluded on page 804

DECEMBER 1946 787 4ET1IHLK4WMR4 By MARY BRENTNALL Come Talks to Young People About Current Problems

itsChildhood undoubtedly has its emotion. Whether youth is in

troubles; but lived in the "before marriage"years, its "just

security of a warm, loving married"days, or its "after marhome with united parents, it should riage"period, life is kaleidoscopic be a time of great comfort and con-—it falls into the bright changing

tentment—even joy. In childhood patterns of romance and adventure.

are laid the solid foundations for Youth looks at the years ahead with physical stamina and right thinking, hope. Youth longs for fulfilment.

just "If with uncritical afsays, best thing, I can do thebutperiod—floodedit is, nevertheless, a very gentle Conscious of its mistakes, youth if umphed over the same temptations right decisions, thefection. if I can make

to exerface; that they have had

I interval right we childhood between In the can find—in the main—the faith control, with cise pray the same over. maturity, takes everything youth answers, will be wonderand

Poets, humorists, psychologists, and ful."to the same God, work toward the

doctors have all focused their special Youth's problems affect many same ends; while it is also true that

light upon youth. They have thrown people, and we hear about them the basic principles of truth and right

gospel plan that the are unchanging, analyzed, probed,"star and anxious from many sources—from the is laws, stable as nature's and as effectively very brothers parents, troubledpoked from and dust,"fun—often laid clearly salvation of life and map us, to all of sisters, girls has belonged for youth themfrom and boys

and all of us know something of its selves, from young married couples. before the eyes of the believing; yet

is generation,"phrase, "of your the fire slowly In youth, personal seek they They advice—or full is It one. of meanan idle varied article. to ouror for an suggest a subject They rapidly—accordingand mystery. crucial a meanvery noting—sometimes it situations take just and dispositions—-we say, "I read a have book...

upon ourselves the everincreasing troubles me... can it be true?"; or, ing. It is evidently not intended that

load of life. We must establish our "I am deeply concerned about my any generation shall meet exactly

usefulness, discover our gifts, seek sister who has forgotten the meanthe same situations which conour place, find our mate, and show ing of morality"; or, "I feel upset in fronted a previous one. Parents can

evidence of our ability to earn a trying to reconcile my early training help and guide, but neither their exliving. with the habits of the community in perience nor their imagination can

Yet, in spite of all this, youth is a which I must live."All plead, "I am fully prepare youth for its tests.

time so desirable that none of us is concerned"; "I am puzzled"; "I When Joseph Smith answered the

ever quite willing to give it up. We don't know what to do"; "This is the question, "How do you govern these

may have gray hair and creaking way I feel."people?"with the wellknown words,

knees, but "we have young ideas."The problems presented are var- "We teach them correct principles,

We tire a bit more easily than at ied: "What about card playing?"and they govern themselves,"he

some earlier period, but in our "I have married out of the Church."honestly and frankly faced facts. No

hearts "we feel just as we did at "If I refuse to 'smooch'will I lose all one, actually, can govern another.

twenty."This insistent continuance my chances of having fun?""We are That history repeats itself, is true in

of youth is real to some extent—and just married and not through school. principle. That we are slow to learn

yet not quite real. The truly young Shall we begin our family now or and apply the fundamental lessons

think of forty as definitely on the wait a while?"of yesterday is an obvious fact. Yet,

downside of life. The truly young it is understandable, that when conknow that the thinking of their HThese are but typical of the doubts fronted by the moments swift

and misgivings that seem to change of pace and situation, each elders—no matter how we may today. people young Some himself individual has to make for ten, bother thinking the of five, protest—is there is really nothing may say new one's adjustment. an adequate twentyfive, No fifty years or behind

them. about these problems. This, of life, in its entirety, is exactly like that

course, is largely correct but there of another, and no one's problems

TDeal youth is emotionally more are also some differences. Although it come equipped with answers prevulnerable. It is happy with a is very true that man's and woman's pared in advance.

bounce and sparkle which has largeinstincts, urges, passions, emotions, ly departed from us oldsters. Real and needs are, basically, the same as Vouth today is faced with a new

youth is sad with a desperation and they were in the beginning of time group of situations. That they

depth which maturity does not quite and will, undoubtedly, remain so must satisfy old needs in a world equal. Some inner stabilizer keeps until the end; while it is comforting with a brand new array of mighty

age off these extreme reaches of to know that our parents have tri- (Concluded on page 804) 788 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PLantun9 THE LESSON. cJLunn i5ennlon successful teacher said of #.&

SUPERINTENDENT, SALT LAKE CITY PUBLIC SCHOOLSAveryher students: "They are

present in my mind every day;

I never lie down to sleep or rise class the the experience with Sharing our attention center on IV. et us now them. thinking of it withoutfrom of such students methods use through It is splenspecific plans. lesson are live not ThereThey in my heart. lectures, discussions, as demonstraenough hours in the day in which to did discipline to think through and tions, drills, talks, visual education,

work for them. I wish to teach them write down as many points as postests, exhibits, etc.

to love their playmates, their brothsible concerning the subject of the V. Conclusions and outcomes of the lesers and sisters, their fathers and lesson, keeping in mind always its son

mothers, and all mankind more, for purpose, and the nature and needs VI. Plans for continuing the classroom

this would make them much happier. of the learners. Organize the points procedure for next time—the assign-

I wish them to know how good their into a logical outline. Depend upon ment

Creator is, what glrious provision your own resources. Live with your

earlier, this lessonhe has made for their wellbeing, for own ideas. Now read the lesson maAs indicated

this would make them supremely terial which will include comparing plan cannot be made independhappy."your own ideas with the written lesently of the students and the part

She indicated great concern for a son, noting new ideas you haven't they are to play in its unfolding.

particular student, an adolescent thought of, noting areas where you But the teacher must not stick rigidgirl, who was chasing out with the need supplementary reading. After ly to the plan regardless of what inwrong crowd. She said, "I can't go this foundational work is finished, terests and needs may develop in

with her to protect her; she would make a definite lesson plan. It should the class. It is not good to go off on

think it an intrusion upon her freecontain suggestions as to the subject a tangent, but a leader, keeping in dom. I will try through my teaching matter to be used and how to use it. mind always the purpose of the lesto put a chaperon in her heart."The following outline is suggesson, must be flexible enough to meet

This teacher has a clear purpose tive of a workable plan: the significant problems which arise

in the class as a result of groupto planning: to her guide lead

to each I. Problems be solved or points to be thought and discussion. to consciousstudent ever- a and lesson made in the

growing fellowship with God, whose II. Purposes to be accomplished The lesson plan is a means to an

child he is, to a commitment to seek a. Understandings end. The end is to have John, Ted,

first his b. of of children as Skills Mary, the kingdom and Sue grow God and

c. Appreciations

thinkrighteousness. This guide is to purpose purpose shaped God. Its

ing, but not to be fixed as a patternher method, her use of subject matIII. lemSuggestionsor pointsfor inapproachingthe lesson the(Tellprob-a

ter, and her approach to her learners. pertinent story, incident, experience, upon the youth who come to class

We feel confident that this teacher show a picture or in some other pertiseeking the way of life. Jesus sets

would choose subject matter pertinent way arouse interest in the lesbefore us the proper relationship benent to the interests and needs of son.) tween the lesson plan and the learnyouth. We would expect her to be er. He gladly shared what he himaccomplished in the art of storyTO A YOUNG TEACHER self had discovered about the way to

telling, leading in discussion, quesBy Georgia Moore Eberling the Father. But each one must find

tioning, himself. for controversial handling let the of Jesus the way

is the "mother"VTours task. richsituations ruler using sorrowing, worthy skilfully, and young go away they * All day look to you

materials and activities. The suAs to one set apart, and we wonder what his future repreme greatness of this teacher does A wise and mighty mentor, ligious development was. He refused

not lie in the technique, however, Guardian, teacher, friend. to condemn the sinful woman, a

but in a much more subtle and spirYou teach them more than books can hold: situation that called for condemnaif anything would. He refuseditual realm, that is, her personal apYouOf courtesy,give to themof reverence,a touch of faith, tion

proach to students. Of loyalty and fealty, to set himself up as a judge as to the

trust. This teacher reflects more admiOf right between two brothers. What

bring a breath of distance You

growing personality throws uponning—arably the graspessentialsof subjectof lessonmatter,planToYoutheirbringfield-boundthem you. eyes. a flood of light Jesus'attitude to a

knowledge of students, mastery of The essence and the spirit of yourself. our own shortcuts in developing

classroom methods, etc., but over And you are fine, idealed, and prepared. character. Let us make plenty of

at learn. and you They look provision in our lesson plans forand above this the great human qualtheir pattern, are you; copy They you

ities of friendliness, personal charm, Their bright copybook. student thinking and free expression

frankness, gentleness, a love and a What matter if they miss a few stark facts? and value judgments. Youth can

life. them You teachpassion for people. Like every great

learn to live. learn only through skilfully guided daily They

teacher, she is a great human being. What more important lesson can you give? experience.

DECEMBER 1946 789 ter said that her time had arrived. The

into child to welcome done the newSarak cJLoader Jsfowman family tent was erected, and all possible or the world. doctor No anesthetics

were available, not even a bed to lie on. All night they worked, and early HANDCART PIONEER the next morning the baby was born.

A small supply of food was left with

J. DAVIS theon. family,Fear of Indiansand theandcompanywolves helpedwentShewhenwassheninetyninepassed awayyearsin ofMarchage By RAY

1942, one of the last, and possibly the lone family to forget the heat of the last survivor of one of the great pioaration could be made to continue their the summer day, but the fear of not overneer treks of history. Some time before journey. Most of them secured work taking their comrades was even worse.

her death, she told me her story. As of various kinds to supply the necesWhen night came, the two men took

she unfolded it to me, her wrinkled face sary means with which to continue on turns standing guard to watch for Inseemed to become calm and smooth, to Utah, their "land of Zion."dians and wild animals.

In June, they started their journey At daylight the next morning, they west in cattle cars on the railroad. At prepared to continue. Their belongtimes they made good progress, but at ings were loaded on the carts, the two

other times they camped for days besick women and the newborn babe side the railway tracks waiting for a were made as comfortable as possible train to take them on. Upon arrival on the load, and they started. All day

at Iowa City, Iowa, the end of the raillong they hurried on. As evening aproad, they found that they could not proached, they paused to eat a frugal

leave because the handcarts from St. meal, then continued on their way. The

Louis, which were to carry their becountry was so level they could see the longings, had not yet arrived. It was campfires of the company miles ahead

the latter part of July before these came, of them, and at midnight in a state of and the hurried preparations for the exhaustion, they joined the group.

trip were completed, as other families From this time on, Mr. Loader began

joined the group. Two handcarts were to weaken. Every day except Sundays,

allotted to the Loader family. One was the party pushed on. The sick and the

pulled by Mr. Loader and Mr. Jaques, weak had to go, too, as it was a race

and the other by the four Loader girls. of life and death against the cold of

These carts were twowheeled with a winter, for it was getting dangerously pair of shafts in front and a crossbar. late in the season. As they approached

The two older sisters got between the Ashhollow in western Nebraska, the shafts and pushed on the bar, while father fainted several times, but manthe two little girls pulled on ropes tied aged to travel seventeen miles his last of walking. following day the bar. mornThe SARAH LOADER HOLMAN ON HER 95th BIRTHDAY to ing he to rise, so friends was unable The food was carefully rationed,

carried in oxdriven wagons, and apporlifted him and placed him on top of the and across the table I fancied I could tioned each day. Each family took a girls'cart, and occasionally the mother

see this little English girl as she aptent, and were allowed to take a total of helped pull. They hauled him all day,

peared in 1855. seventeen pounds a person of clothand at evening left him on the cart,

Sarah's childhood was uneventful, ing, cooking utensils, and personal effor he had gone beyond all hope.

but when her parents joined an unpopufects. Many were the heartaches as Early the next morning they dug a shallar church this peace was broken. Her prized possessions they had carried so low grave in the sand, wrapped the

father was soon dismissed from his carefully from their home so far away body in a blanket and hurriedly buried position and was unable to find anhad to be discarded. On top of the him in an unmarked grave. The jourother, so the family counseled together cart pulled by the men were perched the ney must go on regardless of personal

about the future. They talked of gosick mother and the eldest sister who feelings or sufferings.

ing to America, and the thought grew was expecting a baby very soon.

until one day they found sale for their It was a sight seldom seen when on "\\7hen they arrived at the Platte Rivfurniture. That settled it. They would that July morning six hundred and twenvv er, an early winter had set in.

go. ty people, pulling all of their earthly Their progress was hampered by a

The parents and the five younger possessions in handcarts, faced theWest heavy snowstorm, and the river was girls left for the United States. The and thirteen hundred miles of prairies, partly frozen over. The two little girls

eldest one had married a Mr. Jaques, mountains, and Indians. Mr. Savage, in front started out on the ice, but Sarand he went too. The four eldest of the an experienced frontiersman, said it ah said, "We would rather push than

thirteen children refused to leave Engwas too late in the season to start, for pull,"so they got behind the cart and land and were never heard from dian early winter could overtake them pushed everything, including the two rectly again, though the family continbefore they reached their destination. older girls, off the ice and into the river.

ued to write to them for years. The But the group insisted on going. Hearts The water was waist deep, but the ennext four children left later. were happy and feet light as permission tire company crossed safely and had to

A company of five hundred fellow reto start came from Edward Martin, let their clothes freeze dry during the ligionists chartered a sailing vessel, the their leader, for they thought only of day. They were further delayed by

John J. Boyd, stocked it with food and the peace and prosperity that seemed the handcarts breaking down, caused

water, and left the shores of England to lie ahead. by the unseasoned timber from which

on December 12, 1855. The sixtyfive they had been built. The farther they

days spent in crossing the ocean were At first all went well, but days lengthwent, the worse this trouble became.

marred by the food and water running ened into weeks, mornings of hope Food also became a serious problem.

low, bitter cold weather, sickness, and changed to nights of despair; there were Because -the bacon was gone and wild

the eventual death of sixty of their felsickness and death, but the march had game ha*U been scarce, flour had to be low passengers. The ship arrived in to continue. Never was there a day rationed in the amount of one pound to

New York near the last of winter. The spent in rest except the Sabbath. each adult, and onehalf pound to each

emigrants pooled their money and rentOne evening just as the company was child. This made eleven biscuits a day

ed a storage house to live in until preppreparing to camp, the married daugh- (Continued on page 822) 790 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

tern of barter was in operation. The

battalion clothes, old had the citiandWLn tL MORMON BATTALION flour, coarse meal, zens had tobeans, bacco, and quinces. Some of the most

From material submitted by Lc me to Sucdon generous residents made the battalion

James W. Le Sueur boys presents of these foodstuffs.

Camp was established about threeitors were dressed in civilian clothes, quarters of a mile beyond the town, and

December 16, 1946, will be the one many suspected that they were MexiLt. Col. Cooke together with several ofhundredth anniversary of the can soldiers. Their offer, however, was ficers and men went back for a closer

coming of the American flag to accepted. inspection. In the words of Daniel

stay in Arizona, for, on that date in Before passing through the gate, a Tyler 1846, the Mormon Battalion entered halt was made, and Lt. Col. Philip St.

Tucson, in the province of Senora, on George Cooke, in command of the At first, some of the women were much frightened, receiving but only on marked Battalion, instructions gaveits Mormon California. march toward

officers kindness, soldiers, their from and exthat private respected. property must be It's interesting long a and citement allayed, they and was showed story—this soldiers The and had gone had left

...of the Battalion, strong the story gratitude. signs of and Mormon

will soon be enhanced by the addition about one hundred of the town's five of the diary of Henry Standage, which hundred inhabitants at the mercy of A cache of two thousand bushels of is now being published by his descendthe invaders. These Christian principles wheat belonging to the Mexican govants, most of whom now live in Mesa, were complied with as they entered the ernment was discovered. The starving

Arizona. Elder Standage, as a member town, and while the Mormon Battalion soldiers boiled some of the wheat, ate

of the Mormon Battalion, kept one of stayed in the territory. it, and as a consequence many suffered

the few diaries now preserved. From Once inside the gate, the battalion diarrhea. The wheat was finally fed to

his and from other records we get the members were made welcome by the the animals, which were too exhausted following story: old men, women, and children still at to haul any for the use of the battalion,

The battalion had been formed in July Tucson. It was not long before a sysin the trek further to the west.

1 846, at the request of the federal govAnd so Tucson, a welcome place in ernment, to aid with Mexico. in the war FIND YOU, LORD wherethe long"Fruitsmarch, wasof variousleft behind.kindsTucson,were battalionThe members, accom- I many

panied by their wives, marched from the By Joanne Midgley found"; where "gardens were neatly

temporary settlements of the Saints in A Young Writer laid out with beautiful irrigation for

Iowa, to Fort Leavenworth, where they watering purposes"; where "the houses

were outfiitted, to Santa Fe, AlbuFIND you, Lord, in all my hopes and were built of adobes as in Santa Fe,"querque, Tucson, and finally on to San "dreams, but "the people were more enterprising nature's boundless beauty and in the troops "the but where and happy";Diego. travel consisted of anyIn A day's sunlight's morning beams, acts for spoke cowards were and theirwhere three between twentyseven and In rushing cool. water clear andmiles, and as the march continued the In every shaded forest pool, them"—all was left behind as the batcamp suffered exceedingly from short In swaying grasses green and tall, talion moved west. {Quotations from

rations. In every livingI find you,creature'sLord. call WilliamHistorian'sCorayOffice.)Diary, Ms., Church Of course, they were well into Mexi-

I still find in for Lord, in you, battalion massive steep a siege mountains was The territorycan as they approached Tuctall, and rations. reof short Standage Henryson. sent Scouts reahead, on had In every jagged wall canyon trip lot of the supcords during that "aported there back that was plenty for centuries of That there bold, stood have

flour, corn meal, beans, and other foodTheir great stories never told. plies were put on a raft to be shipped

stuffs, for sale at Tucson, and that the And yet as I gaze at these things. down the Gila River because of weak

fairly sings: rafts wagons. [poor] mules and Thecivilian population leaving was Lord! the My heartYouwithinmademethese, whirlpools, of most struck and falls and in anticipationtown of a battle between

the battalion and the Mexican soldiery. I hear you, Lord, for with music's voice you the provisions, principally flour and

to speak grain, soldiers were me; perished and theEarly on the morning of December

in trouble, when 16, And rations,"what more than music put on about onethirdthe battalion was paraded and marched be! comfort can

at a quick pace to Tucson. Many of You love me, Lord, for with the wind you He also tells of the soldiers'holding

the brethren had traveled the eighteen kiss my cheek; a meeting on the Gila River south of

miles without food or drink, and several And softlywith thespeak.blowing of the leaves, you the present Phoenix, Arizona, and

had not had anything to eat on the day sending a recommendation to Brigham before. I find you, Lord, in Mother's songs. Young to bring the Saints to the Salt

I know that she'll be over there to help me River valley, now Arizona. But the

setTV few miles from town the battalion I findrightyou,myLord,wrongs.in Father's love decision had already been made to

were ordered to load their muskets And in his understanding heart. tle in Salt Lake valley, and these batand to be ready for a military engage- I know they're sent by you above talion brethren, after their term of enment. They had not traveled far again To teach me every loving art. listment had expired in southern Calibefore two Mexicans met the group, I find you, Lord, in everything that's clean fornia, traveled north to San Francisco,

stating that the soldiers had fled and and true and then east to join their friends and had forced most of the inhabitants to And feel you near with each kind deed I do, relatives in the Great Basin.

at close of near you dayleave with them. retreatTucson The so the marks end of December And all kneel to we down IWhenfeel you to pray also hading enemy taken two first for thank the of the brass And years love the you hundred wondrous American

pieces of artillery with them. That you send us from above. flag in Arizona, and it will be fittingly

in the life live day, each we Next escort came an of a And about celebrated of the by the descendants serve in We'll pleasing a you way;dozen wellarmed offered to men who all Battalion members, and this life is That earth when done, Mormon on

take them into town. Although the visWe'll all be together in heaven as one. others interested.

DECEMBER 1946 791 m>m mm "L-Teard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt r * Lake Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio network through ksl and the columbia broadcasting system

By RICHARD L EVANS every Sunday at 11:30 a.m. Eastern Time, 10:30 a.m. Central

Time, 9:30 a.m. Mountain Time, and 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time.

Jhe \JJ>u,rdevi or Ifvlaklna Decisions Jalent Without UAaracierU 7}

/Vne of the most difficult things in life is making decisions TThere is an old phrase, of unidentified origin, which says and taking responsibility for them. Indeed, the mental that "Talent without character is more to be dreaded

and moral burden of making decisions usually weighs men than esteemed."Using character in its meaning of moral

down much more than hard physical labor. Often there is responsibility, we would extend the statement further:

much at stake to increase the tension: success or failure, Authority without character is more to be dreaded than

happiness or unhappiness, right or wrong, and even life esteemed. Money without character, power without charor death. And because decisions are so difficult to make, acter, knowledge without character, science without characpeople often seek to share with others the responsibility ter, men without character—all are more to be dreaded

is a day in which inestimable forcesof making them—and often attempt to avoid making them than esteemed. Ours

at all. When things go well, there are many who are have been placed in the hands of men, and our fears have

willing to share the credit, and when they go badly there multiplied as these deathdealing devices have increased.

are few who are willing to share the blame. And often, We sometimes imagine that if we could rid ourselves of

therefore, part of the reason why we seek advice from these things, we could rid ourselves of our troubles. But

others (in addition to our desire for their judgment and there is no material object or physical force in the world experience) is so that, morally at least, we can place part that is evil in and of itself. There isn't one of them that

of the burden for the results of our decisions on shoulders could not be used for man's blessing as well as for man's other than our own. This is especially true when we do extermination. The real source of our fears is frequently

something wrong or fail to do something right. In our overlooked. Our problems are human problems, not madesire to justify ourselves we often point to those who terial problems. Even a club or a stone—or even bare hands

may have advised us badly, or to those who may have set—are a menace in the possession of a man without charus an improper example, and we explain that we did what acter. Our worry is with men, not with things. The sirens

we did because we saw someone else do it or because of mythology used the sweetness of their voices to entice we were advised so to do. But no matter how vigorously men to doom and destruction. Shall we say then that a

we attempt to sidestep such responsibility, and no matter sweet and lovely voice is an evil thing? The gift that

how much counsel or advice we have received, and no enables a man to write an inspiring masterpiece may also matter whose example we have followed, there inevitably empower him, if his thoughts are evil, to write debasing come times in the lives of all of us when we cannot avoid filth. The gift that enables an artist to depict a hallowed

making our own decisions and taking responsibility for them. scene may also, if abused, permit him to perpetuate a lewd

Our parents may make some decisions for us, and we for subject. The power of persuasion that moves men to good

our children. Advisers and counselors may make some works, may, in the possession of a false leader, move them

decisions for us. When we are ill or incapacitated, it may to false ways. Talent without character is indeed to be

be necessary for others to make some decisions for us, and dreaded. Any object or energy, any power or force, anyto take the responsibility for them—but when we are in thing in the world used without moral responsibility, is to

possession of our faculties and have reached an age of be dreaded. The real measure of goodness or badness is

tells thing,accountability, us matter a wrong no to do who the use to which men put their time, their tools, their thing, are or capable of knowbe a wrong if we know it to ing it to be a wrong thing, the final responsibility in full talents. The real fears are fears of men; the real problems

or in part rests with each of us. There are some things a are human problems. If we can get men to be what they

man must do for himself, and making up his mind what should be, we can bring heaven on earth and live free of he should do and what he wants to do, is one of them. the fear of any physical force.

—October 13, 1946.—October 27, 1946.

792 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA rnmmmimvi.w:.V.x-yj.

m. fern mwm

not mention: A man may know how to take nourishment, \Jn Jakiyia a OA\ance but if he doesn't, he will starve. A man may know how 9

SPHERE is a spirit abroad, typified by the seemingly harmto breathe, but if he doesn't, he will die. These simplest

to itself, in principle, life and, to illustrations are basic of popular This chance?"take a not less phrase, "Why is not one there is that probable for it of our troubles, most to gamble people induced many doubt proposal has no

sometimes than he not us know better who does among is of which important the least things, perhaps many away doctors are few that there for example, It is probable, does. thing. is a progressive spirit of gambling money. The

Usually it begins modestly; and then, like many other who live as well as they are capable of telling their patients

hazardous habits, it often grows beyond control. At best how to live. It is probable that there are few teachers but

it wastes time and produces nothing. At worst it becomes who can expound what to do better than they sometimes

a ruinous obsession and fosters false living by encouraging make a practice of doing. It is probable that there are

the futile belief that we can continually get something for few private or public advisers but who can tell the world keep they can better difficulties than its out of get to fallacy how fosters the further gambling of nothing. The spirit

that It difficulties. is probable no affairs of out their own someone going is ultimately to be loses that the someone who

other than ourselves. Gambling in its broadest and most people, no generation, ever found themselves in serious

harmful sense, is, in truth, not gambling at all, but an trouble without some knowledge, some intuition, some they course the of the consequences to as voice warning later or that sooner certainty we absolute certainty—the do times men are there course, when pursuing. Of were things than other with lose. gamble shall when we And

it isn't often what but more knowledge, of lack for perish or with happiness with or money property—for do trouble, but what into we us gets that don't know we then has foolhardiness with or health, with law example,life—our peo- "smart seemingly are ignore. many There and know to as are ripeness. so foolish reckless Some a reached

"smartness,"all But "answers."the to ple"know who seem a gamble conscience. But ever won no with man gamble

or it to wisdom, that is akin kind of the socalled, be may is of chance, and not conscience. Life his a thing with own

there is no justification for living it as though it were. This may be merely the brilliant stupidity of those who think

is a universe of law and order, of cause and effect. Nature that "knowing the answers"gives them immunity from the

has a long memory, and we forfeit claims to happiness, to rules of life and from the consequences of their own doing.

safety, and to protection when we take chances with anyBut, again, merely "knowing the answers"won't save anything, unnecessarily. There are some things we must venone. It has been scripturally recorded and long since ac-1

ture, it is true. There are some necessary risks. And somecepted that "Where there is no vision, the people perish."

times the outcome of what must be done cannot be known But where there is vision, and it is disregarded, they pergood is until it is done. But quite apart from this, there is an ish also—and with greater condemnation. What

irresponsible spirit of gambling that has little or nothing vision, what good is all the experience of mankind, and all ages, if knowof the record all the and of God, word of the ventures legitimate the and necessary in with common this lives? of our living it out What leave it all, ing we judgbeyond sound life. are tempted when we And so,

ment and safe reason by the disarming invitation, "Why world needs is not merely more men who know the "annot take a chance?"we would do well to give back the swers,"but also more men who have the good sense to practise what pertinent reply: "Why take a chance?"they know.—October 6, 1946.—October 20, 1946. 29:18 'Proverbs

Lsn J\towlviq the yv*m6wer5 Copyright. 1946. 9

npHERE is an old and simple truth, so commonplace as to be frequently ignored, but so '::''::'::': '

vital that it never should be. It is the

truth that knowledge alone will not save us. There are infinite examples of this, some of which

we mention merely to indicate the inexhaustibility of those we do

DECEMBER 1946 UNDERSTOOD BETSY A LITTLE CHILD TURTLES (Dorothy Canfleld. Illustrated. Henry Holt (Jessie Orton Jones and Elizabeth Orton (Wilfrid S. Bronson. Illustrated. Harcourt,

& Co., New York. 1946. 213 pages. $2.00.) Jones. Viking Press, New York. Brace & Co., New York. 1945. $1.75.)

1946. 38 pages. $2.00.) written rPurf7es is a book for boys but is is edition classic of this welcome Anew -* instructive for all ages. this book goes a Pageant A ccompanying girls of little will to parents news who

wish to give them a good story to read. *-* Text which indicates how the book may Mr. Bronson has explained in simple terms

This book deals with Elizabeth Ann, who be presented effectively. This should make and with progressive drawings the different

finally was taken from her Aunt Frances and a beautiful pageant because it encourages types of land and water turtles. E. J. M.

to story, the learn people Christmas to she where had some young Putney Farm moved LITTLE BLOT: CITY CAT THE the with succeeding preceding and prophindeed. experiences unusual C. M. J. Illustrated. (Phyllis Crawford. Henry itself, ecies, birth as as well of Christ the

Company, 6 New York. entire the in exact Biblical lanHolt book being HOUSE OF THE THE TOP AT 1946. pages. $1.50.) 56 Illustrated. Deletaille. for presentation Suitable in schools guage. Harcourt, (P 'Sertine

Brace & Co., New York. 1946. $1.00.) or churches, the cost of presentation will be REPRINT of 1930, this is a fascinating

kitten has nominal of a mischievous who picture the very amusing book for A story This after leaving But adventures used is be home. whileflexible.—M.the numberC. ofJ. characters to many the mouse, deals with RunFast, young

who had such a time escaping GobbleMice, the cat. This clever book by a young French

artist will bring much pleasure to the small

C. J. fry.—M.

wiad B APRIL BRIGHT K S L did O O (Written illustrated by Marguerite and de Angeli. Doubleday & Co., Garden

City, New York. 1946. 88 pages. $2.50.) BIG TREE he returns by accident and finds '"home"

illustrated (Written and and as he by has left it and is a much happier much tells Mary the April story of Bright book This kitten. Buff. Press, wiser Viking and Conrad The New also her could dark moods. have who

More important than that however, it tells York. 80 pages. $3.00.) Children learning to read as well as the

the story of April's tenth birthday and how HPaking as the hero the giant Sequoia younger ones, will enjoy this book. she made friends and learned the imporwhich they named Wanona, these—E. J. M.

shall Bible, truth the tant from gifted artists "Ye know writers a produced have and IS BIG? BIG HOW free."truth, shall truth the the iland make replete beautiful book, with duotone Schneider. and Nina William (Herman R C. J. lustrations. time, the before recorded From—M.you Inc., Scott, 1946. York. New

history seed tiny as with a huntwo when pages. 46 $1.50.)

it DIXIE lightly others In enclosed DOBIE dred lay a is with book, engaging a and "LJere S. L. Johnson. Helen (Margaret and Johnson it until cone, recent years cut when was * illustration, will that to give graphic Illustrated. Harcourt, Brace life & Co., this story of the the of man, down by

New York. $2.00.) magnificent tree over three hundred feet those in the earlier years of school a more

critical of sense comparison more a and authors. traced high has been by the colt, time the spent Dixie a young

the of of consciousness words. acute SomeAs—M. C. ]. the racing hard sand watching along

its subtitles indicate scope: provocative "A the she beach. the up waves come When for to Stars yardstick Universe, the from FOR ROSA ROMANCE to captured some came by men was who is Co., Varble. such "Big"word. Atoms."(Rachel overworked an Doubleday & island, ship which put went her a on down full is City, 1946. mental of money's worth a There York. Garden New to shore, in to she storm, came and a swam this in stimulation pages. 276 unusual volume. $2.00.) R.L.E.

of the lands pasture a Dobie named man carries in reader the romance back LIKE YOU: JUST

T? the history period from during 1660 as All Babies and Daddies Have Mummies

little girl, tells whobeautiful.—M.tamed her andC. made/. her useful as well HPhisto English 1680 a and how Scott, Beyer. (Evelyn William R.

left Wickliffe, at early Rosa orphan an an BOB QUICKSILVER Inc.. 1946. York. pages. 20 $1.00.) New

girl age, to as where America a came bound Illustrated. Harcourt, (Corinne Low. 'this size of to has nothing do book six alhalf served of years she her a and York. Co., Brace & New

its Its the effectiveness of *| 'hewith message. lotted to have a good managed pages. 1946. $2.00.) 273 seven—and anicolorful and of heartwarming drawings time Girls her along with work. from revolutions and French American their a are and with mals young matchedThe will to sixteen twelve enjoy C. J. it.—M. field this stirIn action. for great gave It is of parentchild affection. the message

full to vent ring Fulton Robert gave epoch of qualified a nursery capable and work SEQUOYA first, this versatile aptitudes. his youth At director in school doing research work now (Catherine Coblentz. Cate art, turned his to attention but soon he gave child It at is Clinic. a development Mayo Co., Longmans, Green & NewIllustrated. that ability boats his of making toward its that turning of book would much 1946. pages. York. 198 $2.50.) life, like that of steam. a His manymove by in stout the pages L. E. findnursery.—/?. loneliness, of poverty, great one man, was this for people, young biography Written

at struggle, length constant he but and won THE COURSE the Indian, of great Cherokee who WESTWARD result his per- (Hildegarde as of success a Hawthorne. acclaim and Longmans, derision, the in given "Sequoya"was name

sistence. M. C. J. will serve to stir them as few books can. Green & Company, New York.

1946. pages. 280 $2.50.) this fact that Indian The was lame—when

- *POGO'S LETTER Clark fur expedition Lewis and I 'HE has Indians physical themselves perdemand

Illustrated. Norling. Henry Ernest and -* (Jo will fection stimulus; serve the as fact nished for the one the of story background

1946. York.Holt & Co., New that to to continued accomplish he Harry and George Whitcomb Shannon, two

pages. $1.25.)42 set to he had written what the a young men expediaccompany who workdo—make

this will like book, dealing folk his for tion. interthis language is Certainly, of prove a to good make wayYoung outtribe—will

paper. est of as worth it does with the making and to young people—and

illustrations they that are also the ages of twelve so goodThe the exr to eighteen—andboys and girls fromtheir historyhelp themcomelearnalivetheforstoryyoungbehind

will carry the message to many of those parents! M. C. J. ploration of the great western part of thf.

/. C. PENNY PETER ANDstory.—M.who wiH be unable to read the delightful United States.—M. C. J. POCAHONTAS Illustrated. (Carolyn Harcourt, Haywood.

(Ingri Illusand Parin d'Aulaire. Edgar Brace Co., York. & COTTAGE NewDANDELION trated. Co., City, Doubleday Garden & 1946. (Carroll Rankin. pages. 160 $2.00.) Watson

1946. York. $2.50.) New Co., HoltHenry New York.Illustrated. 6 '""Phis of story Peter, and Penny feelingly, 7himsicallv two and the story of "VJi pages.1946. $2.00.) 229

children, six eight aged early and * adopted Virginia unfolds story in the of T * girls right the to in this story earned is years, told in language simple to the little enough Indian the life of saved maid whoThe their for very Cottage use Dandelion read eightyear-olds be by and is amusing Smith. Captain This John is beautibook

own during a summer after they had dug enough to be enjoyed by older people. The fully illustrated by these talented authors of

all the dandelions from the lawn in front author has caught the mood of two young previous prized publications, including of the cottage. This book is a reprint which boys looking for adventure in the illustraGeorge Washington, and Abraham Lincoln.

has won the hearts of young girls since it tions she has used so generously throughout which was a Caldecott Medal book.was first published in 1904.—M. C. J. the book. E. J. M.—M. C. ].

794 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA withfruit—andthem thethe flowers,feeling thethatseeds,"it wasthe goodripenedto

be a little island, a part of the world and a world of its own all surrounded by the bright blue sea."—M. C. /.

THE SILVER STRAIN (Kathrene Pinkerton. Harcourt, Brace &

Co., New York. 1946. 263 pages. $2.00.)

A young man's determination to make his ** parents'silver fox farm a paying proposition is the basis for this story with its fascinating setting in the north woods during the time when fur farming was just beginning. Older boys and girls will enjoy

the book.—M. C. J.

%$& msi 3m im im im

STUART LITTLE

(E. B. White. Illustrated. Harper and

Brothers, New York. 1946.

131 pages. $2.00.)

Tf the young folk can get this book away * from the older ones, they will enjoy reading this delightfully fantastic story of Stuart

Little, born to the Frederick C. Littles—and

that. at mouse, Since Poppins Mary -Photograph bg D. E. Jack a

quite nothing fascinating so has across come

GOLDEN SOVEREIGN HERE'S A PENNY this reviewer's desk. M. C. J.

(Dorothy Lyons. (Carolyn Haywood. AIRPORT SUMMERBrace Company, and & Co., New Illustrated.York. 1946. Harcourt, Brace Illustrated.New York. Harcourt, Illustrated. (Eileen Henry Wood. Holt &259 pages. 158 $2.00.) pages. $2.00.) Co., York. 1946. 190 pages. $2.00.) New

real he since William, but name was stir will story about horses'"Phis the hlood His Detroit twelveyear-old came Terry "Drom bright resembled a had penny new girl or or or even any boy man womto * his the spend with Wylie summer tiny, his he Penny. nickname when was was it. cares toan read Connie McGuire * whoof friend in her the and Aunt Peggy Middle altogether innocent escapades—the is The girlthe to to decided her make who way

field. air operate they where an West Formdelightful of a ones is horses,college via Pete the Kendall and sixyear-old—make ing club, the plane a of model he and some delight reading, the to reading of added and his helped freeboy hours who her—during in other the airof the neighborhood boys illustrations. addiare the author's In own college.from C. M. J. field all fun. of have along manner Moving is tion there just tenderness and enough

pace, this story will satisfy the a rapid pathos to heighten the interest. M. C. J. at TOWHAT DO NOW active twelveyear-olds.—M. C. J. Illustrated.(Tina Lee. Doubleday & Co.,

Garden City, New York. 1946. COYOTES

96 pages. $2.00.) (Written and Illustrated by Wilfrid S. FOOTBALL COACH

Co., Harcourt, Bronson. Brace (Arthur Mifflin Sampson. Co., & Houghton

in should'"Phis book every be where house 1946. York. Boston. 1946. $1.75.) 173 pages. $2.00.) New

it tells children, there are for them what this children of coyote story younger "Cor first *T*'old the this person gains bookto gives instructions simple on how *- do—and life interesting will as inas well * prove * realityin tellingto in the of the useful things. experiences various pleasurable and do

its text sized clear, good of in unifootball coach a small an assistant s of the coyote—M. C. /. andformativeits unusualwith drawings versity. is of the The importance book

GOLDEN HAIR activities.—M. C. /. it teaches the psychology that is putthatin

(Steingrimur Arason. Macmillan Company, not inteam—and pages. $2.00.) York, 223New J. DRAGON PLOWS WESTWARD actiondividualinplayers.developingM. C.a

SIGNY was American, but her grandmother, (William H. Bunce. Illustrated. Harcourt,

York. Brace Company, & New told Icelander, her had so an was who TRIUMPH CLEAR 1946. 199 $2.00.) pages. it life interesting tales that in of Dalmany (Lorraine Beim. Harcourt, Brace Co., &

that anticipation great she withwas for went the the has subject been 1946. York. pages. Eric 200 $2.00.) New

to there. spend year a this with dealing one a many Vikingstory—and fight to something for had Evans KTJ'arsh his association possible will Indian with hair"an "golden remain, always While af- **'she to Georgia went when Warmthe traditional give to fords the worthwhile girls opportunity the braids long by worn

are vanishing with the advent of modern information concerning both the Viking Springs Foundation: she had to fight to win

life.—E. J. M. and the Indian in the form of an exciting back her courage as well as her health. A

story.—M. C. /. book that will bear fruit in helping girls to

SILLY BILLY face life better, it also makes fascinating (Sally J. pany, NewScott.York.Harcourt,$1.50.)Brace and ComTHE(Jean THIRTEENTHBothwell. Illustrated.STONEHarcourt, reading. M. C.

CillywhatBillyhe waswanted.a sillyHecat,reallybut hewantedknew Brace,1946. 225& Company,pages. $2.00.)New York. THE(WrittenPEOPLEand IllustratedUPSTAIRSby Phyllis Cote.

after finally trying hard,company, and he Co., City, Doubleday Garden & New will thirteenyear-old of story 'T'his Jivan

it.found 1946. York. 214 pages. $2.00.) * folk to India through introduce young

Silly Billy did not not was handsome—he series exciting C. /. an of incidents.—M. to the wanted have MacDonald fight,like like to did to not he Judy hurt—what upstairs into the Ashleys of her move allhe to curled stay wanted was up warm

and cuddly next to Mother and purr and THE LITTLE ISLAND own home. How she prevailed upon her

MacDonals. (Goldenpurr. upstairs—and

Garden City, & Co., Illustrated.New Doublemanymother otherto permitactivitiesthem toof livethe active MacStrikingly illustrated Silly Billy is a most day

entertaining and amusing story for very York. 1946. $2.50.) Donald family will prove enjoyable to the

young folk. The older children will also Life on the little island was indeed intermiddle group youngsters. M. C. /.

enjoy his antics. E. J. M. esting as the seasons passed, bringing (Concluded on page 806)

DECEMBER 1946 795 ties, California, north of Palm Springs

Da Katnrunyn fc and Indio. Travelers can easily see thePRAYING TREES tens of thousands of trees growing

Theand MojaveArizona desertpossessesin Californiamost fanMarchThe prayingto May. treeIts bearsmethodflowersof pollinafrom there.Los Angeles County has a Yucca

tastic inhabitants. They are called tion is interesting. It is done by a fePark, a 1700 acre tract about fifteen

the Joshua trees and are native to male moth which works at night, colmiles east of Lancaster. Until 1930

California and Utah and Arizona. They lecting the sticky pollen gum and rolling this park contained the largest Yucca

are called "Praying Trees"by desert it into a ball. She carries it to the flower tree ever found. The trunk was twentyprospectors because their arms are of another plant and deposits her eggs four feet around at the ground, sixteen

usually raised toward the sky. in this flower. Then she climbs up the feet around six feet above the ground,

In the noonday sun or in the moonstyle branch and thrusts the ball of poland a little more than fiftyeight feet light, from a distance, they look like a len down the stygmatic tube. When the high. This tree was destroyed by vangroup of worshipers engaged in deeggs are hatched, about a dozen seeds dals.

votions to the sun and moon. are eaten by the moth larvae, but many The Joshua tree is of economic as

The "Mormons,"pushing forward perfect seeds mature to produce new well as scenic value and has proved through the deserts of southern Utah, plants. The maternal labor of the moth itself a friend to man. Its arms pointing

were much impressed by the somber keeps the yucca alive; without this it upward are symbolic of a devotional

dignity of this tree, and named it for the would soon become extinct. attitude, and the strangely shaped deniProphet Joshua. It was a symbol of a William Lewis Manly in his story of zen of the desert may justly be called

divine leader showing them their land "Death Valley in '49,"told of finding the "Praying Tree."

of promise. the praying Joshua tree.

This tall scarecrow of a tree yucca Indians used the shiny black seeds for is of very ancient origin. It has been food, grinding them into meal which M.I. A. Socials

wrongly considered a cactus. All yucthey made into porridge. Sometimes From Ira J. Markham

cas are of the lily family. The Joshua the flowers were also eaten, and rope

tree grows in thousands. Its twisted was made. from the root fibers. The 1. Inexpensive

and warped arms or branches are covgreen shoots of this tree are full of The local ward recreation hall beered with stiff spiked leaves. It generjuice, and dead limbs make good fuel. comes the place for the entertainment.

ally grows from ten to twenty feet The trunk may be used as a prosAll that is required is a record player high. Some few reach a height of fifty pector's shack. with a few selected folk dance records.

feet above the barren sand and rocks. The large tree casts a dense shade 2. Mass Participation

John Charles Fremont saw this which in the flaming heat of the desert Everyone participates. Old and

peculiar tree when he went through the is useful to all the life found there. The young can get together on common

1844, in but complete Desert paper. a makes goodMojave The wood wood is ground. boys Father and mother, and

until lightdescription of it not porous, during made was and and World girls can associate on the same and

I, tree botanical the surgical of name used for making 1874. The it was is War level.

artificial splints legs brevifolia Englemann. and and arms.Yucca One eliminates the bad Mass participation

... pirate called thewriter Federal In 1936 government it "a vegetable set features choosing which of picking and

full stuck of aside hands acreswith belt, boots, 800,000 and more than of land is ordinary ballroom in the common called "the alsodaggers."been It has National for a Joshua Tree Monument stresses folk as the dancing dancing

tree with the green boxing gloves."in San Bernardino and Riverside counprogressive changing of couples.

3. Provides an Opportunity

for Selfexpression The young people can become as expert as they wish and can work out variations for possibilities for selfex- pression.

4. Simplicity

A weekly dancing party of folk dancing does not require elaborate preparations. Light refreshments are served on

special occasions.

And Lo, Their Names Led All the Rest {Concluded [com page 776) of peace and good will is also a message of forgiveness and friendship."

Millie bit the end of her pencil thoughtfully, then bent laboriously over her list. "There, is this better?"she smiled,

—Photograph by ]ose[ Muench handing the list to her mother.

The names of Gladys and Marjorie and one or two others stood out largei than all the rest.

796 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA f OLDFASHIONED CHRISTMAS TO THE LEAST OF THESE PREEXISTENCE

By Ora Pate Stewart By LaRene King Bleecker By Andrew M. Andersen

'T'ime ago, on an Indian Summer night T Te who said, "To the least of these"; LOOKING backward,

* When the harvest was put away, * * Who fed the multitudes with ease; My mind refuses

And children were snuggled in feather beds He who was born in a lowly manger, To stop at the boundary of birth,

At the close of a busy day Came to earth, one day, a stranger, glimpsed I have For sit throngs, city the with father the at mingled would open hearth And My light eternal of Fragments then, churches scroll word, knife nor songs) fashion nor with and (No And postern the Beyond shield defiance: cloaks to sled But or sturdy wore men hobbyhorse a A gate rS41

beginning, earth Of my leaders of science."are doll now "Our a men wooden maybe Or

for lust that the sighed Jesus power maneuvered the "crochey Mother While imperceptible And something the hour. world's obscure so Should dark hook,"

truth that Affirms and beauty fail "Alas, that to should see calico the men with schemed Or beloved companions been Have my hate, love, rules destiny."not That fascinators pinafores and And illimitable past. the Through his pitying eyes, as cool calm and in And polkas a row. Danced

pool, a placid sea or moonlit a As stranger. the Death,

It isn't that world economy for milling the in face Sought one crowd Is waiting somewhere his silver untethered wings Has in faith held humility or That God; take back to familiar places. me To in atticed that But a cobwebbed age away in for the throng surging Sought one

Lies the pleasure of making things. Who had need of him, or need of a song,

But found not one to whom he could say:

"Let us go..."to the mountain in silence to STORM pray RECIPE FOR CHRISTMAS

Save where Savior—alone! Alone—the

peaceful there; By Nina Willis Walter mountain beckoned him By Helen Baker Adams The

tang sweet, cool the of glen, pinioned The finstreak clouds with gray the sky HPhe night; frosty of skiff snow; a the of marts Far from men; away * rain; of gers

bright; star, strangely alone, and din, the Far from maddening away A A is twisting sharp as breath cold wind's a The

little hold whose windows house the of chaos clamor and houses and A From pain.

gold; tipped candles with Christmas sin. resentful stormflung shakes a menace A tree that reaches high glowing the Alone, Savior—-nay, not A alone-—world;

its brilliance to the sky; show as turned, To he he For them come, saw like lightning darts serpents of tongues The sweet; carol hearth; crackling a far multitudes from near and A The uncurled.

family love complete of heap the homeless, the hungry, victims of A The is bull heaven's at pawing maddened A spirit, giving; well with seasoned war, A floor;

is living; faith the near and Babe one to or deride) (Not them among A mock his, trembles, hearing world whole The

dearchildren's laughter hearts and their him, Gay Following Savior and Guide. roar. thunderous

is here! that needs All Christmas blinded and were lame, and wounded Many birds, flowers, with earth sun and The was

But they knew him and praised him and too gay;

called him by name, Heaven chastises the frivolous creature knelt, at close of the humbly day, today. "OLD CHRISTMAS"And

silence, mountain's cool In the with Jesus,

By Georgia Moore Eberling to pray.

HpHROUGH * days, all of pale December's crystal THIS DAY

The world was like a frosted Christmas By Mabel Jones Gabbott card.

The ice upon the pond was clear and hard, Lord, I have done nothing with this day,

And frost beads glistened in the sun's wan Save it be little things;

rays. Yet, as the sun folds in each last long ray,

The lilacs bloomed again with feathered My heart, uplifted, sings:

sprays Thanks for small tasks that strew my homeOf fluffy snow, the landscape was whitely way, starred And the peace their doing brings.

With mounting drifts that gemmed the hills, unmarred By human touch, and mortals'feverish ways. FOR A LONG WINTER NIGHT j

Now older grown, I never can forget By Julia W. Wolfe

that time. of the magic and wonder The

or regret of sorrow hours No later the of dull Christmas the chime M"DringPushin upthethelogsWindsorand pilearmchair,them higher!so; memory Can

Of peace on earth, and from life's Olivet Draw the highbacked settle nigher firelight's gather in the And glow. still shines on plains of doubt and A light sharp stings The glassesj snow the window grime.

The keen wind tries our door in vain;

He pulls the shutters as he passes

FOUR GIFTS And lulls and sighs and turns again.

By Lalia Mitchell Thornton Bring the carved oak nut bowl in

And those red apples we've been keeping;

FOUR things I ask for this my child: Lay a fagot; you begin

A body strong to meet life's stress, And spin a story while it's leaping.

A soul by evil undefiled, Outside the bitter winter paces;

A heart that knows but tenderness, His frost and cold but add delight

An open mind, to sift and store; To a hearth fire bringing wellloved faces

These things I ask—these four! Home again to its warmth tonight.

DECEMBER 1946 797

Moves On Qmch President Smith Council of the Twelve. She will be long ho and the Utah Stake at Provo. He

in his doctor's missionaries received education degree remembered by countless acSmith Albert GeorgePresident their in at in the Southas "missionmother"1945. University New York Spencer W. by Elders companied States. ern active in Stohl has Clark been N.

Kimball and Matthew Cowley, of the While in the South, Sister Callis orward and stake Mutual work in the

Council of the Twelve, returned to Salt ganized the first Relief Society in that Oakland, California, Stake, and at the

Lake City early in November after atmission and was active in organizing the time of this appointment, was stake sutending a series of meetings at Window first Relief Society among the Catawba perintendent of the Highland Stake

Rock, Arizona, to discuss the Navajo Indians of South Carolina. She presided Mutual, in Salt Lake City.

problem with the Indians themselves over the Relief Societies of the SouthStanley Russon has been superinof tendent the School and Sunday years. nineteen for States ern M interested church and other withand

in Salt the of Thirtythird LA. Ward in finding instrumental Latpress- She of the was groups. Onegovernment City, bishopric of a the Lake member in for the Saint terday homes West about is by brought oneing problems the that of ward, of and a member fifty the of Southern orphans over decreased population and increasedan I. Bonneville superin A. Stake M. States. children these of have Many Smith: President lands. Saidrange tendency. missionaries. as the returned to South

if Fetzer, more solved has Jr., been a be situation John would member The extensively with traveled Callis Sister as the Liberty Navajos. the of for Stake They board Mutual availablelands were

the Callis throughout as Elder he went if fully well they as the council, Liberty high themselves Stake of care takecould filling apconference and other to Church which to assigned lands supervise he where sufficient upon was grazinghad as General Authority. pointments a And M.I.A. Priesthood Aaronic and livestock. theirraise work

former went, they found wherever they in circles active in M.I.A. He was

of the converts and The possibility for increased Church missionaries uniCalifornia Southsouthern while doing missionary and educational work on the ern States who made them welcome. versity work there. He has filled two

large Navajo reservation cannot be setShe was the mother of eight chilmissions for the Church, one to Gertled until a new chairman of the tribal dren, six f whom survive. Funeral many and Austria, and the other to

council is elected. speakers included President George Palestine and Syria. Since his return

President Ralph William Evans of Albert Smith, President David O. Mcfrom the armed forces he has been a

of the President Yalecrest George Kay, F. Richards member Bonand Ward, and several Mission NavajoZunithe

in neville Stake, of the of the City. Twelve. Council Salt Lake at in attendance also weremissionaries

the Window Rock meeting.

Y.M.M.I.A. Board Brigham Young University

DiesMrs. Callis f eneralQ. MorrisSuperintendenthas announced Georgethe adGetsA lmostBequest$160,000 of the estate of the Elizabeth Pack Callis, GraceIUTrs.

the dition to late four of Professor F. members new Abbey, Myron Callis of7"Charles A. of Elder wife

state former Improvement Mutual vocational Young eduMontana Mens died the October Twelve, ofthe Council cational director, general will Association diboard equally be at illness the 12, following a lingering vided the between Hebron Academy, is of director the DeHart seventythree. Charles ofage J. at Hebron, Maine, Brigham and Young Callis a Health, Physical Education of partment Elder on accompanied She University, at it has been announced still at Recreation, in Uni1906. Brigham and Young to While Floridamission

in the mission field, in 1908, he was versity, Provo. Elder Hart, a son of Columbus, Ohio.

called to preside over the Southern the late Charles H, Hart of the First Professor Abbey, a close friend of

States Mission. That appointment Council of the Seventy, has been active the late President Heber J. Grant, belasted for twentysix and a half years for many years as an M.I.A. officer and came interested in the Church univeruntil Elder Callis was called to the stake leader in the Teton Stake of Idasity, by contacts with him.

'::...".'':''

CHARLES J. HART CLARK N. STOHL STANLEY RUSSON JOHN FETZER, JR.

798 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Harmony, Pennsylvania, Property Bishops and ward Relief Society presiof the East Central States Mission by desiring family, assistance with medithe First Presidency. succeeds He recently obtained has Church '"Phe an dentscal, other welfare or problems are invited President is H. Doxey, Graham who sighistorical eightyacre of farm department. to communicate with this return his expected to to and home nificance Pennsylvania at McKune,

known as Harmony, Susquehanna Sister Marie H. Tanner, who has been business activities in Salt Lake City.

a President man, young Richards As in history. County, early the medical case since Church Church The worker

filled in shortterm mission a Canada. is in land the of the purchased bend the creation the of medical department

also active in the was He Western River, to Susquehanna believed the be in Presiding the Bishopric 1942, by in States dental Mission while student a spot the Baptist restored where John the heads department. Ruth Mrs, new Denver. Returning he home, became the Priesthood Aaronic adminand P. director of sothe Lohmoelder, old superintendent of Religion stake Class; istered the of to ordinance baptism Jocial service child welfare departand of the stake a School member Sunday seph Smith Oliver and Cowdery.

the Relief of the council; Society, of board; resigned ment high a member

the In of trans- a deed a copy was eighteen his years ago, succeeded 1 and of October, because increased responin the action his which Prophet and father president as the of Stake. Malad sibilities at home. wife, "thirteen sold acres and Emma,

Sister will Richards him accompany eighty to perches"Joseph McKune, J& Louisville, to Kentucky, the mission part of the deed This dated was June States East Central Mission headquarters, will she preside where 1833. 28,

T"\r. Richards, the a Thomas activities dentist over miswomen's of the W.

Wilford C. Wood arranged for the of Malad, Idaho, and until recently, sion.

purchase of this property by the president of the Malad Stake, was apChurch. pointed late in September as president Salt Lake Temple Presidency

Social Service and Child /harles R. Jones has been named

Welfare Department second counselor to President Jo- /Creation of a new and enlarged Reseph Fielding Smith at the Salt Lake

Temple. He succeeds J. Will Knight. lief Society social service and child

welfare department has been announced by Mrs. Belle S. Spafford, Welfare Center

general president of the organization. JVjTembers of the Millard Stake in cenThe department combines the old social tral Utah have obtained a large

service and child welfare department frame barracks building at Topaz, once of the Relief Society, and the Church the Japanese relocation center in Utah, medical department. Mrs. Spafford and moved it to Fillmore, where it has

said GRAHAM H. DOXEY THOMAS W. RICHARDS (Continued on page 808)

MISSIONARIES ENTERING MISSIONARY Herzog, Larry THE Palmer, L. Knight Marcella HOME Bramwell, Florence Paulsen, William Merrell, Orson James Robert

21,OCTOBER 1946 Lloyd 30, L. DEPARTING OCTOBER AND Price. Aston, Ray Emma Johns, Russell, Harding Chris M. Bell, Fred E. Werner,

Sixth row: Smith, Betty Imogene Painter, J. May S. Judd, Zedic E. Daniel Hess, Glade England. left right, first from to Reading row: Karl W. J. Jr., Cyrus A. Rex Webber, Hansen, TolRalph W. Eleventh row: Marvin Harker, Glenwood Alberta, L. J.Gwilliam, Grant Hanson, Coyne, Walter David man, Jr., Albert Tompkinson, A. Dean Wengreen, Jr., Milton Roe, Paul Hyer, V. Grant Christensen, Stautfer, Nelson,M. G. Lyle Peterson, LaMar H. Searle, J. C. Howard Andries Price, Heining, L. George I. Sidney Clarke, Jones, Maurice D. Orie Johnson,Frank Louis John Harmon, Eldredge, DeYoang, W. M. Evelyn White, Verna Thompson, Millie Barney, May Parley Grant P.W. Smith. Newman, Black,Wallace H. V. Andersen, H. Bryan Reeve, Max Sabra Whatcott, Yelate Barney, Frona Hiibner, John Twelfth row: Christian Jensen, Stout, Owen W. Jr., E. E.Kenneth Weight, Sacos. Glenn H. Uffens. Wagoner, Van Herman A. James Newbold, Putnam, Howard Willie, Carl Ray

Shirley B. row: Jackson, Charles Second Dayley, Seventh row: Eda Arlene Knudsen, Dixon, Dot Elbert Sweeten, Robert Dick Hendersen, Tracy, Ben

E.Mollie Baker, Johnson, Margaret Rae Ethelyn Dick- F. Anthon Earl Ernstrom, Riding, Leonard Barwick, Davis, E. H. F. Grant Brown, H. Melvin Newman,son, Tiffany, Delia Ruth Fay McCleve, May Valeea Adelbert Hatch, Cortess James Russell Chapman, Elder, Sylvester R. Elbert Walker, H. Eldredge, Almon B. director;Crowther, Colton, Don Sylva Colby, Melba Boyce, Clara Broderick, DeFriez, Barton, Reva Clyda Orr Owens,

Lois Clarice Western, Simpson, Wilma Johannade LaVerne Lois Thompson, J. Peterson, Preston Glade, Thirteenth P. row: Lars Jensen, Grant Strong, H.Jong, Frankie Bullock, Evelyn MilEngebretsen, J. Mary Emit Jensen, Jensen, Jenny Jean Holbrook, Ada J. Bird, Perry Bell, Jr., H. Jr., Albert Bennett, Rue!

Johnson.dred J. Curtis, Mary Leonard Thomas Peterson, Heye Silas Randall, Russell Carruth, Preston G. W. Redd,

Hommes. B. Third row: Melvin Park, A. Nylon Grant Hulet, B. J. Cope, Odell Keith M. Harmon, Lean Boren,

Eighth row: Jane McBride, Ralph Emma M. Wood,B. Cutler, J. H. Elizebeth Bodine, Bowers, Winnifred Scott, Veral Wayne Dees. Naris

Ralph Rytting, Last, Eva Savella Strong, Dean H.Marcella Kidd, Merrell, Browning, Myrtle VirEdna Fourteenth row: Fowler, Sterling A. Mark W. S. P. Richard Lyle Lindsay, Hintze, B. Parrish, Fannyginia Tensmeyer, R. Harrison, William Jesse Chloe L. Russell Clause, F. Davis, Calvin Boren, E. Willard Katherine Stanford, Louise LeBaron, LaVay BodellHarrison, Jensen, Mama Bates, Webster, Velma Feme Scott, B. Charles McCurdy, R. Keith Todd, K. Ralph Bailey, Gloria Jessie Dickie, Verna Bertha V. Johnson,Ellen Despain. Kent, Beth Barlow, Jack Pickett. W. Kowallis, A. Phern May.

J. row: Keller, Fourth Clarence T. Angus Kent, Earl Fifteenth Feinauer, row: D. Richard row: Ninth Nielsen, Grace Skinner, Dorene Booth, Elaine Bailey, Rowley,Leonard H. Jones, Maxine Lester David, Jones, C. E. Carl Burningham, North, Elaine R. Brimley, Quentin Parrish, Anna William Werne, Pipkin,Richard O. Call, R. Harold Leon V. Keding, J. Nordgren, Brimhall, Robert Mervin Sharp, Nellie C. Versluis, Versluis, Henry Leendert Joost Sarah DeHaan, R.Garth Holman, Oler, G. D. Helen Mary Wood, Ora James, Jr. Reed Walker, H. Junius Judy, E. J. V. Rosalin L. DeHaan, Carlston, Allie Carlston, GerMitchell, Marjorie Bates, Hepworth, Nola Nadine F. trude Schnebly, Walter Gibbons, B. Dorothy Sixteenth Skouson, row: Hillier, E. Robert Richard Brock,Day, Gwilliam. Glenn Kearl Weston Hodges, L. Salversen, Dean Elwood Angus, Mark Walter Jensen, David H. Robert Neil McBride, row: Fifth Francis Haderlie, Rogers, Carl M. WilWilson, Verlaine Ted Lewis Larsen. B. Wilford Chase, William Baldwin, J. Forest Henry

liam Kent Mardsen, Joseph Smith, M. Clarence row: Tenth M. Mary Skinner, Lou Squire, Oris Knudson, Jean G. Block.

DECEMBER 1946 799 curiosity in adults is what has led to the innumerable inventions that have brought comfort and joy Editorials to the world. At Christmas time all would do well

to revive this childlike quality in all that the word "childlike"implies.

Lkridtmas Id for (children.. The imagination of children accompanies their

and for others! curiosity.all too frequently,Imaginationadultsis lose.a childlikeThis characteristicquality that,

enables one to look ahead and see things beyond

Tndeed, Christmas is for children. Their faces the everyday, working world. It enables a person

light with the whispered excitement; their eager who cultivates it correctly, to see the end from the

hearts throb with almost painful expectancy of the beginning and to pattern his life with a minimum longawaited day. Time drags out endlessly as of regrets. It helps him project the results of good

they count off their list, "A scarf for Grandma; a actions, the tragedies of bad, and impels him to

pin for Mother; bedroom slippers for Dad,"and choose to do right since, through his imagination,

so on, until they've remembered everyone. The he can see that greater happiness lies in electing

wealth of love in their hearts is limitless; their good the good and eschewing the evil.

wishes, unending. Grownups, watching this glowing happiness, say, "Oh, I don't care much about The friendliness of children is another quality

Christmas; Christmas is for children, you know,"worth cultivating. As folk grow older, the tendency

as if the matter ended there. is to narrow the interests and the circle of acquaintanceship to a limited few. Yet the friendliChristmas likewise is for those grownups who ness of Latterday Saints has become almost prohave retained or wish to recapture the childlike verbial. Surely, during the Christmas season

spirit. That they should do so seems imperative, enough of this genuine interest in other people can

if they would merit the name of Christian, for Christ be captured that it will carry throughout the year.

.. children, said, as little ye ye "Except. become living will for New zest then come—as it is apinto shall the of heaven."not enter kingdom On children. to parent it has come

another occasion, he said, "Suffer little children, and forbid them not, to come unto me: for of such The simplicity of children is a joy to witness.

is the kingdom of heaven."Unless they have been mistaught by unwise grownups, children get great joy from the simplest of

What, then, are the qualities that a child posactivities and a minimum of equipment. Their insesses which all should strive to attain? A complete genuity is challenged, and their creative energies

list or analysis would be difficult, but some of the begin to work. Too many adults feel the press for

most salient characteristics might well be considered more and more while creating less and less. At during the Christmas season—and throughout the this Christmas season, grownups might well reyear. solve to simplify their living, removing the clutter

One of the most noticeable qualities of a child which tends to eliminate the ability to get down to is his frankness. While frankness is not all that fundamentals.

comprises honesty, it is a major ingredient—and Jesus said on another occasion: "Whosoever

adults would do well to incorporate it into their therefore shall humble himself as this little child, own recipe for the good life. There is no dissimulathe same is greatest in the kingdom of heaven."

tion among children: one knows exactly what a Genuine humility is not easy of attainment. Frechild thinks of him—and usually he knows why. quently, what passes for humility is nothing but

Grownups, on the other hand, ofttimes appear to servility—which is far from the genuine quality

labor to mislead as to the true state of their response that anyone would wish to attain. True humility

to others. helps people retain a pride in themselves, making

Another quality that is inherent in childhood is them realize that they possess attributes which their curiosity. This characteristic in children immake it possible for them to attain great stature and

pels them to learn. And their curiosity is endless. stimulating them to try to reach their greatest

Kipling once dedicated one of his books to a child stature. True humility has also the quality of

who said recognizing the divinity in others, hence, the comWhat what what plete realization that all men are indeed brothers

Why why why to each other and to Christ, the author of ChristianWhere where where ity. Humility also is insistent on the dependence

This childlike curiosity is ingenuous and open, an on someone and beyond finite man. This dependhonest attempt to learn how the wheels go round in ence upon an Eternal Father, infinite in his "wisthis business of living and a genuine interest in dom, unceasing in his mercy, is the final and full

everything and everyone about them. Theirs isn't seal of humility.

the back fence type of curiosity that tends to tear So, Christmas is for children, and for all who down another's standing in the community or dewould again become childlike in the qualities that stroy another's selfconfidence. This wholesome make for true greatness. M. C. J.

800 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

by the Savior and contained in the New Testament, which principles never deviate one from another."'Evidences and Joseph F. Smith: "The principles that underlie

the organization of the Church of Jesus Christ are irrevocable, unchanging and unchangeable.""reconciliations This then is the answer to the question at the

head of this article. The gospel is not changing,

cxl. Jr& the LjoSpel hanalna f nor can it change if it is to remain the gospel of

Jesus Christ.

P\efinite principles and ordinances constitute the However, at various times and in various places gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. They may be people have lived and live under different condilikened to the foundation, supporting walls and tions. In the early days of the restored Church,

roof of a building. They are absolutely unchanging. pioneer conditions prevailed. Nearly all were tillers

Any change in them would destroy the structure of the soil or husbandmen. Transportation was by

built upon them. ox or horse team. Communication was by slow

The first of these principles is faith. It is the bemail. Little money was in circulation. Education

ginning of all wisdom. The second is repentance: was not easy to secure.

the sorrow of the man of faith for his past errors, Today, many members of the Church follow and the resolution to commit them no more. Followother arts than that of agriculture. The continent

ing these two principles are two ordinances: first, is crossed in a few hours by railroad or airplane.

baptism by immersion, the outward sign or witness By telephone, telegraph, or radio, communication of a person's readiness to accept Jesus Christ, and with distant places is accomplished almost instantto conform to the laws of the gospel; second, the ly. Much money is in circulation. Halls of learning

laying on of hands for the reception of the gift of are within reach of everyone.

the Holy Ghost, to enlighten, protect, and bless all The gospel, founded in intelligence, must meet who enter the Church of Christ. It is the reward such changing conditions. Indeed, could it not do

to all who by faith, repentance, and obedience preso, it would fail of its saving purpose. It must help

pare themselves for membership in the Church of all men under every condition. Sometimes changes

Christ, whether on earth or in heaven. are required, but only in applications or outward

These basic, eternal principles and ordinances, forms. Baptism was first performed in outof-door

approaches to citizenship in the kingdom of God, ponds, lakes, or streams; now, very often in beautiare made as one by the authoritative priesthood ful fonts in meetinghouses. In earlier days tithing

committed to the Church, which on earth holds the was paid in kind; now, more often the new day

gospel in its keeping. Not by a "jot or tittle"may makes it simpler for the farmer to sell his crop and

these principles and ordinances be changed. They pay tithing in cash. Formerly, all missionaries went

will ever remain the foundation stones of the out without purse or scrip; now, many are obliged

Church of Christ. because of new conditions to pay their way in the

Then, there are other principles and ordinances mission field.

designed for those who have won membership in Some people, noting such outward changes, fail the Church. Such, among others, are the law of to recognize that the law itself is not affected. The

sacrifice, temple service for the living and the dead, ordinance is unchanged whether one is baptized in and missionary work. These are equally permathe open or indoors. The law of sacrifice is fully

nent. They cannot be changed or abrogated; they respected whether tithing is paid in kind or in cash.

are eternal. To bear witness of the restoration of the gospel is

This view is verified by the leaders in this disnot dependent upon whether the missionary travels pensation. For example, Joseph Smith said, with or without money. Yet, it often happens that

"[Jesus] set the ordinances to be the same forever thoughtless people confuse eternal, unchanging and ever.""Ordinances instituted in the heavens principles and ordinances with their applications in

before the foundation of the world, in the priest- a changing world.

of for the salvation hood, not men, are altered to be this President Brigham understood conYoung 1 '". or changed."Young: the.. from Brigham day dition. of the laying of the cornerstones Salt At the

that Adam was created and placed in the Garden Lake Temple, he told the people that in vision he of Eden, to this day, the plan of salvation and the had seen the completed temple. It would have six

of the will to revelations of God three man are untowers he said, at each end. he Then warned

Taylor: changed...."is unchangeable, 3 John "God principles their confuse applicawith those who

so are also his laws, in all their forms, and in all tions, "Now do not any of you apostatize because applications."* their Wilford Woodruff: "The it will built only have six towers, one."and Joseph

... consists of the gospel simple principles taught that of course sacred understood the temple He

teachings 2Ibid., p. 308cf the Prophet Joseph Smith, p. 168 (Concluded on page 831

sDiscourses of Brigham Young, 1941 Edition, p. 103 5Discourses of Wilford Woodruff, p. 19

*The Gospel Kingdom, p. 69 eGospel Doctrine, p. 12

DECEMBER 1946 801

Josephine B. Nichols owiing A joyous Christmas to you all, with

fruitcake, candies, cookies, and

It gift beautiful sent Charles!"you Right? we Not Do Why father had not remarked, "That was a puddings. It just wouldn't be Christto on, to sweets mas without munch

would have had no of knowing way still the to give. there's it pass, But Helen Green and Gregg By

its destination. had reached

sugar recipes problem. are Here some

A friend recently came to my door Have you not written letters of conthat will help you to make your sugar sohappy-you'reengaged in tired with flowers borgratulation, some my to a long way, have go so you won't letters, replies to wedding announceget these vase; hurry and "I must rowed or stockings Christmas skimp on the

to you before they completely wilt!"ments, and letters of sympathy that the gift box for a friend or neighbor

she announced. have never been answered? For all one

Fruitcake English they received. knows, never were I to say, Needless

it isn't finer But and much more huIflRHH"4 the wastewalked to butter or margarine pound Yz to expressively be appreciative? man sugar basket the 1 cup with

flowers which had If we are going to live fully and gra- 5 eggs only a few fresh ciously, why not go all the way and 1 pound seedless raisins blossoms. do it right? Yi pound currants

citron pound 34 of ours (P.S. I make mistakes, too!) A neighbor orange and lemon pee] pound 34 sent friend another

1 dates pound of mine a silver J/2 pound walnuts compote as a Gay Holiday Decorations 1 cup maraschino or candied cherries wedding gift. 1 teaspoon salt

Several months By Mabel M. Luke 34 cup orange juice

went by; at long J4 cup lemon juice

is also a 1 teaspoon cinnamon last a printed note arrived, "Thank you A gay holiday decoration for the fine gift!"clever way to show off your beauti- 1 teaspoon nutmeg

cloves ful teaspoon curcards. Christmas Over window Yi also told of receiving the story She flour sifted 3 cups tains of drape Christmas rows two

cousin, from a present expensive an 3 teaspoons baking powder rope, green, red in one one a and swag the with in written clerk card the the by teaspoon soda Yi design hanging across the about and top it. store mailed which Christmas Last juice grape cup curtains shorter the the foot a than on

gift costly another arrived; the only until butter. sugar and mix Cream Add sides. fasten red green thread and With

identification of the postbeing means thoroughly. beat smooth. and eggs Add the Christmas so cards corner your by loving at mark. note Christmas "A sift salt, flour, baking powder, and Mix inch apart. they or about hang an two "espeshe so means inmuch,"remarked, spices. liquid dry and and Add

If fasten the desired cards to soda, you may thirds, in beating addigredients cially after a family!"from each the of member

sides, the only rope one but havdown fruits diced nuts and mix and tion. Add for there are those Then do who can ing is effective. across the top rows two thoroughly. pans Line baking with brown

fail graciously, to others be but who last year's cards ( Using is best as the sheet grease to you paper next and enthusiastic and appreciative when can then get your decorations up cake batter. Bake at 275 F. for two theto

favors are coming their way. The story early. three hours, depending on size of cake.

is told half of spent a young bride who a for baking a birthday cake an In your dinette or informal rooms tie Fig Pudding day curtains big with of a your back bow gift delivery aunt. of the of which flour Upon cups 2Yi red shirred paper red crepe a have and

1 teaspoon her. the told soda proud, aunt so she was

valance. crepe a holly paper hang Then

1 ginger teaspoon just birthdear, a bought I have"My in or the pine wreath window. 1 teaspoon cinnamon I shall cake!day two?"do with What

1 teaspoon nutmeg for using idea Christmas Another spoil the thoughtful Why 1 molasses cup for decorating for the girl's cards holiday of appreciation?pleasure by lack Could 1 milk cup is to fasten season cornerwise them passedshe not have on the first cake suet chopped cup mirror. (Fasten with to around a glue or 11 figs tireda mother? cup chopped

tape. of scotch a piece raisins 1 cup chopped I received of years a ago A number Christmas cards you have made yourall letter ingredientsthankyou friend to together thoroughly. from a Mix young

interesting. so Clever self are are cards wellgreased Put into cans, I or molds fill two sent of pairs several nylon hadwhom

plain cards vellum white from on made full thirds tightly. for cover and Steam gift,""Ithose, a she wonderful was

is verse written of appropriate a which three hours. Serve with sauce. hot Iwrote, don't "but (This them!"wear

ink, green, in scripture silver gold or it incident that an amusingwas such Christmas Cookies in tie the corner piece or a of pine andwas almost worth the mistake!)

I searched through practically every holly with a red ribbon. Yi1 cupcup sugarshorteningless 2 tablespoons

store in our city to find a dramatic 2 eggs wedding gift. I found a piece of ruby 2 cups sifted flour

glass which cost more than I had 2 teaspoons baking powder anticipated, but because of its loveli- 1 teaspoon vanilla ness, and the fact that it was to be sent 34 teaspoon salt to the son of a close friend of my husCombine shortening, vanilla, and salt.

band's, we sent the gift. If the groom's Add sugar and cream well, add eggs one

802 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

at a time beating after each addition. Add

sifted dry ingredients to make a dough stiff enough to handle.

ready amount of a small Have melted, Cyooa (l5ooR6 rre j"flcele66 LjiPtdbitter chocolate, shredded or sweet dipping coconut, and pecan or walnut halves.

Pinch off bits of dough and roll between palms of the hands into small balls. Place

some of the balls on greased cooky sheets, then press flat with tines of fork which have been dipped in the chocolate. Press other

balls down into shredded coconut, then place on cookie sheet. Press nutmeat halves

into other rolls. Roll out some of the dough,

onefourth inch thick on floured board;

cut with cookie cutter into different shapes, as stars, Christmas trees, Santas, and bells.

Decorate with pieces of candied fruit or sugar and spices, or after they are baked, decorate with colored frosting.

Bake at 350 F. for twelve minutes.

Coconut Macaroons $2.25

$2.00 13 cups (1 can) sweetened condensed milk 3 cups {Y2 lb.) shredded coconut "We prize books, and they prise them most

vanilla I teaspoon who are themselves wise.'—Emerson

sweetened condensed milk and cocoMix nut. vanilla. spoonfuls on Drop by Add A THUMBNAIL SKETCH OF MORMONISM, by c. Mba Joseph sheet, apart. inchgreased baking about one

concise, clean—a condensation oJ history, the organization, doctrines of the and 350 F., ten minutes oven in moderateBake L. S. It D. Church. cuts through of a historic maze incidents detailed teachings, and

until delicateor brown. from pan Remove taking the reader directly to the of heart Mormonism. teacher, For the missionary,

at once. investigator—and for every member of the Church—this pocketsized treatise fills a

Persian Sweets definite need. $1,00.

1 pound

1 figs FAMILY ETERNAL, by Hoy A. West. Here is a wealth of vitally needed pound dates

information for present prospective and homemakers. Emphasizing the S. L. D. walnut meats 1 pound

Church viewpoint regarding temple marriages, the includes book also man; sugar powdered chapters on of problems courtship successful life. and family It is enriched with

Mix ingredients together and run through many illustrations, drawn from a life of study and experience in the problems of food chopper several times. Knead on board young men and women. This is one of the reference books for Relief Society lessons

dusted with powdered sugar. Make into m Social Science. $2.25

slice inch rolls, into pieces ready when\Yz to serve, thick or roll onefourth inch and SAGEBRUSH AND WAGON WHEELS,. book of We8tern Ter8e. by

cut into fancy shapes. Edna S. Dustin, who interprets for us echoes of the days when an empire was in

the making. You will thoroughly enjoy "The Organ Speaks,""Pioneer Women,"

Turkish Lumps "Indian Summer,""The Sun Leans Southward,""Prayer for a Young Girl."and

many others. This is an ideal gift for Christmas, birthdays, and other occasions.

sugar 3 cups Attractively illustrated by V. Douglas Snow. C9 00 boiling water cup H

N gelatin tablespoons 4 * *"* Yz cup cold water 1 lemon (juice) 1 orange (juice and grated rind) Two "Must"Books for Every Home

Dissolve gelatin in cold water. Make

syrup of sugar and boiling water. When MAN AND THE DRAGON, by Dr.

syrup starts to boil, add dissolved gelatin; Johnpel themesA. Widtsoeapplieda bookto presentof selectedconditions.gosminutes. Before removing from Practical,boil twenty for speakers,stimulating—particularlyteachers, students, andhelpfulmisrind. Strainheat juice and add fruit orange

sionaries. in shallow pan and let set for several hours. $2.00.

Cut into inch squares and roll in granulated sugar. HIS MANY MANSIONS, by Hu.

Ion green Christmas candies and add For red understandable S. Howells—Concise,

of analyses 13 Christian religions, includof vegetable drops green coloring toa few L. S. ing the D. Histories Church. and

half of doctrines of syrup and two drops are peppermint explained repby qualified of church. each to straining. before half otherflavoring To of of everyresentatives the family. member HelpfulCO 25 coloring red of and dropssyrup add two

cinnamon extract before straining.

1186 SouthBOOKCRAFTMain Telephone 7-7911 Salt Lake City 4, Utah

USE THIS COUPON FOR PROMPT SERVICE

$3.00 Concern To Whom It May BOOKCRAFT

Is the $2.00 Kingdom 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City 4, Utah Theirs

Please send the books checked below: G Send complete book list.

Thumbnail Sketch of Mormonism....SI.00 Payment enclosed Q Send C.O.D. Family Eternal 52.25

Sagebrush and Wagonwheels S2.00 Name....

3 His Many Mansions $2.25

Man and the Dragon 52.00 Address

DECEMBER 1946 803 to me like FOR MY GRANDSON that.""Once your father talked

(Concluded from page 787) "I loved Layne so much,"she said "Did he, Grandpa? I mean did he

we can't start adoption proceedings one day, "I would have done anypay you back?"

until he has been declared abanthing for him, but I wish he had The old man folded his arms, doned. I sure wish you could see his wanted anything else than to adopt looked down the broad road to the

feet, Dad."Layne illustrated with a crippled baby."dark hills. "My boy, he paid me

his hand held down straight. "He The doctor spoke gently. "You back in full."

hasn't any heels."know, my dear, the baby is not yours

The two men talked until midyet, and you alone will not be alnight, the doctor thankful for the lowed to adopt him."It Overyounger man's eager love of life. He Dianna was silent. Then raising Let's Talk

thought of casts and bone surgery her voice she said: (Concluded from page 788)

and of a second insurance policy he "Nobody will want him. He isn't pressures, creates one set of probmight borrow on if necessary. even cute."lems. And if the right answers are

were Dianna "If question and In time to these, the of then Layne to take the arises. baby timing from she homeallowed EllenI—doesn't object, maybe accuratefound exand When,

the hospital. He was too thin, cried Dianna sighed. Her body tremactly, is the right time for anything

too much. Even with the doctor's bled, then she faced the doctor with—for marriage, for selecting one's

help, finding food that agreed with head high. It was as though she had life work, for going on a mission, for

him was very difficult. thrown off a great weight. I kissing one's girl? When, indeed?

I And if we subscribe to the admoniOne night Layne telephoned to say That night Ellen held the baby in happily the baby had gained four her arms after she had rocked him tion to "put first things first,"how ounces in one week, his best record. to sleep. "I think I knew from the are we to decide which should be

"That awful soybean milk you moment of Layne's death this would rated "first"? It is not always a case

recommended is great stuff,"Layne happen, but it's all right. We never of choosing between right and

said. failed Layne, did we, Will?"wrong; sometimes we must choose

In the course of the conversation The doctor twisted a lock of baby the better of two rights or even the the doctor asked Layne about his hair around his finger. less of two wrongs.

own health. # * * In addition to the problems faced

"I'm always fine,"was the answer. by all youth, Latterday Saint youth

"Oh, I did stay home a half a day The doctor moved, realizing the faces its own peculiar problems inthis week with a pain in my side."hard bench was hurting his back. He cident to being a "peculiar"people.

"Which side, Son?"stood on the corner where he could Those principles and rules which

"Right. Just a strained muscle. I watch for the little black car with bless our lives also, from certain

just reached up to pull down a shade, red wheels. In a very few minutes standpoints, complicate them. Occaand must have twisted the wrong he was opening the car door. sionally, we find our eyes blinded to

way. Dianna and I are going on a "Hi!"Billy said in welcome. the blessings by what seems to us

trip this weekend so we won't be "Present for you, son,"the docthe magnitude of the complications.

down. We're going to do some hiktor said happily laying the bag on the Conversely, the realization of great

ing above Strawberry Lake. Our seat. Billy smiled broadly as he privileges and blessings often makes

neighbor will take care of Billy."looked at the sox. the complications of no importance.

don't any hiking do Son, "No, of the problems However different They're exGrandpa. "Thanks, the causeduntil what you know the youth, of weight presentday so much."actly right. Thanks

pain."unbearable these problems would be his about grandfather Billy told Layne laughed, said his time was is guidance. Maturity some alwithout day, as the he of the happeningsup. if not wholly to help. anxious Even hesitating he came did, when ways

iliGH up in the mountains, to the junior class meeting. cognizant of current stresses, maturity provide encouragement and can returned. help, painfar Layne's from senior to order our going "We're instruction in those timeless, some his gritted with teeth, andHe with a litDian- rings he explained now,"often misunderstood unvarying and farmhouse. a helpna's reached that difficulty, can have tle "so we principles Savior taught as our by it arrived, doctor nearest theWhen the year."through to wear them Christ, restored Joseph by Jesus late. toowas idea."good a very "That's of his reiterated each Smith, and by and live come Billy must and "You

with Mother and me,"the doctor Billy looked straight ahead. successors.

"They cost twelve dollars."Through the columns of The Imsaid. "Our house is big, and we'll

love having you.""You can have one, Billy."provement Era we should like to disDianna moved around the house "Thanks."Billy sighed, looked cuss some of the urgent problems of

silently, pale and beautiful. She into the old man's face. "You know, youth. Let's try to find the "correct

cared for Billy's needs indifferently. Grandpa, I'm sixteen. I can get a principles"involved. Let's see if we

It was Ellen who bathed the baby, job this summer. I've been thinking can discover the peculiar meaning of

comforted him when he cried, rocked lately it's about time I began paythe words, "your generation"its him to sleep at night. Dianna spent ing you back for everything you've temptations, its triumphs, its blessmost of her time standing by the big done for me."ings. Write to us. Tell us what you

front window looking out. The doctor relaxed in his corner. think. Let's talk it over!

804 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Advice to a young man with an old problem

Learn fhis early and heed it often: she can be late, but,

brother, you'd better be on time

So if your car has a habit of turning balky when the weather turns bad, better switch to Chevron Supreme Gasoline. For

swift, surefire starts rain or climate—shine it's "tailored"and the season,to fit yourtoo.

Because no one gasoline could be designed to work equally well in all climates at every altitude, a special Chevron Supreme is made for each temperature zone in the West.

So, wherever you live, you get

Chevron Supreme that's just right for your car. It's good going on Chevron Supreme.

CHEVRON EVER RUN SHORT of cash on a date?

GAS STATION CarryCard anda Chevronyou won'tNationalhave to Creditworry

STOP AT THESE SIGNS about running out of gas, too.

FOR STANDARD OF CALIFORNIA PRODUCTS They're good for all car supplies.

DECEMBER 1946 805 Books for Christmas (Concluded from page 795) BUSINESS BETSY AND THE BOYS

Company, & New York. TRAINING Brace1945.(Carolyn Haywood. Illustrated. Harcourt, 174 pages. $2.00.)

HPhe first requirement for a football team is ball, the only had * a one the and boys..A gift of

long. it didn't old last very so was When

increasing cameBetsy acquiredvery populara football,with shethe suddenlyteam. Thisbebook will delight children from eight to

value twelve. E. /. M.

WHERE ARE YOU GOING?

]f Business training opens the way for successful careers... it fosters (Charlotte Steiner. Illustrated. Doubleday

selfreliance... and pays rich dividends throughout life. 6 Co., Garden City, New York.

1946. $1.25.)

shorthand, classes start January * New 6—day and evening—in and his little dog Rusty are the other subjects. administration, business bookkeeping, and many typewriting, Tommy

main characters of this delightful and

Write or call for free bulletin beautiful book illustrated in color and written for the youngest members of the family. story The LD.S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

has a surprise Telephone 3-2765 Salt Lake City 1, Utah and 70 North Main is toldending.—E.in a gay, intimate/. M. style,

TINKER TIM

(Sanford Tousey. Illustrated. Doubleday

& Co., Garden City, New York.

1946. 41 pages. $1.50.)

live with to invited was Tim When him, he with work and Taylor Tinker since We Thank You! ever been he than had was happier

Your loyal support plus outstanding high quality the death of his parents, and proved his worth by learning the tinker's trade. The

has established Royal Bread as a favorite for fiftybook, which is of interest to all young boys, four years. is packed with action. E. J. M.

We take this occasion to thank our customers and THE MONKEY WITH A NOTION extend warmest season's Holt(Glenn& Company,O. Blough.NewIllustrated.York. Henry

greetings. 1946. 88 pages. $2.00.)

This is a story for young folk but would be enjoyed by the "oldsters"as well, in fact, by anyone who likes pets. It is a lively and humorous story about real animals

and real people. Snick, the monkey, is the

main character, and there are Reba, the parrot, Hyacinth, the skunk, and Nick and

Nack, the lovebirds.

The illustrations in black and white lend much interest. E. J. M.

BAKING COMPANY MM FACTORY LOLLYPOP THE SALT LAKE & OGDEN LOTS OF OTHERS AND (Mary Elting. Pictures by Jeanne Bendick.

Doubleday & Co., Garden City, New

York. 1946. 95 pages. $2.00.)

in is the M.I.A. Here theme action—***

the exciting two young story of pea- j; FORbookthe shouldchild ofprovethe inquiringa delightfulmindexperithis TYljaJiqjuL pie who lived their faith. ence. The author with the aid of the illustrator explains in simple language and picby KENNETH I. BROWN ture the processes used in making bottles,

The Story of a Friendship pencils,and of coursecrackers,lollypops.corks, E.dolls,J. M.ice cream,

"This refreshing story of young love will bring to old heightened awareness the quickened youth of and IN THE MANHOLE MAN it. to idealism in the large part THE read Told young who FIXIT THE MEN AND letters friendship, to vivid their Dick, Margie's through

Inc., William R. Scott, (Juniper Sage. it is as belief their stimuin burning with God, bound

pages. 1946. $1.50.) 40 York. New lates all to their try to to read the measure book who

own standard of applied Christianity.... Margie is a HpHis, for young children, is the story in

welcome book, a book that deserves to win wide acclaim blank verse, with intriguing illustrations, for its interest, its idealism, its genuine worth."of what it takes to keep commonplace things

telephones, cars, roads, It is good entertainment The Improvement Era 0 CA working—lights,sewers, and houses. AT YOUR BOOKSTORE and information for the lower age bracket.

############r/###############i ASSOCIATION PRESS—R. L. E.L806 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ENGINEERED BY RADAR EXPERTS

zcM I

WHOLESALE

FURNITURE AND APPLIANCE DIVISION

>f Sold Only By Quality Leader Franchisee! Of The INTERMOUNTAIN

Dealers West ENGINEERED BY RADAR EXPERTS DISTRIBUTORS

GIL FILL AN BROS. INC., LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA

DECEMBER 1946 807 itfftfctffc THE CHURCH MOVES ON {Continued from page 799) Vegetables, 134,000 cans; fruits,

become the nucleus of a proposed Mil16,000 cans; pork and beans, 32,000

cans; 10,000 beans, cans; pork with lard Stake welfare storehouse. quarts. milk, 88,000 cans; milk, 68,000

Berkeley Stake It was reported at the same time that /Creation of the Berkeley Stake, one 373,600 cans of fruits and vegetables -> hundred fiftyninth such unit of the had been canned by quorums and other

Church, was accomplished October 13, groups during the current season.

by a division of the Oakland Stake. The region has purchased additional

The new stake has a membership of property adjacent to the coalyard in space adequate City, where Salt Lake distribis 4,800, which approximately coal. of storing for the provided now East is Claremont, Berkeley, in the uted is equipment unloading and Loading

Pittsburg, Martinez, Napa, Richmond, this coalyard. for order on now

Richmond, and Vallejo wards and the

Walnut Creek Branch. Sons of Utah Pioneers Auto Trek

President of the Berkeley Stake is anbeen have plans npENTATiVE the formerly Harmon, Wilford Glenn * the of Utah the Sons nounced by is in the first year Stake. of counselor the Oakland DAY pVERY caravan centennial auto for a Pioneers are counselors President Harmon's Hotel the at time pleasure Salt Illinois, to Nauvoo, travel from to

Utah. But it seems that there's Wayne E. Mayhew and Dr. Emery R. Lake City next summer. The caravan,

in Salt arrive will plans, to according in are Stake the Oakland Remaining as contain will 22, and City July Lake oneitself—Christmasseason that istimeperfectionat the Ranker.the group original Alameda, Dimond, Oakland, Elmthe as vehicles many

Utah! hurst, Hayward, and Maxwell Park seventythree—and that the party will

wards, with a combined membership be made up of 143 men, three women,

Located within an hour's of 4,250. and two children, representing the perdrive of America's foremost President Eugene Hilton remains as sonnel of the original company. There

first the of end. will similarity The the is resorts, the ski Stake. Utah the the president the of Oakland

in Febago a century exiles Nauvoo F. are counselors Delbert Wright, His enthusifor sports ideal place the Utah of vanguard ruary left1846—the counselor, formerly Anand his second valley asts. enjoy Salt July those entered Lake Pioneers who And for

his stake former H. Norberg, gus auto commemorative This 1847. clerk. 22, sparkling night life there's

of the Council Elder Harold B. Lee is to take only eight planned caravan

the beautiful Empire Room, of the Twelve and Elder Clifford E. days from Nauvoo to Salt Lake City.

where dinner - dancing feaYoung, assistant to the Council of the tures nationallyfamous orTwelve, effected this organization and Welfare Projects chestras and a superb cuisine. reorganization. JlflELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD quorums

iV1 of Salt Lake City's Pioneer Stake And for everyone there's Berkeley Institute of the suggestion around the the thrill of good food and a HPhe Institute of Religion building at rallied a each donated and stake presidency festive holiday atmosphere. 2368 LeConte Street, Berkeley, whitefaced Hereford calf, which now

Enjoy the holidays at the Hotel California, a halfblock from the faform a nucleus of a cattle herd on the mous campus, was dedicated October stake welfare farm. Utah!

14, by Elder Harold B. Lee of the

Council of the Twelve. Also speaking Benson Stake, in northeastern Utah,

at the dedicatory services was Dr. has an agreement whereby milk is taken

Franklin L. West, Church commissionfrom its welfare farm to a privately

er of education. operated cheese factory and the equivThere are about two hundred sevenalent, less cost of manufacture, is turned

tyfive Latterday Saint students regisback to the stake as cheese, an assigntered at the University of California, ment in the Church welfare program.

and about half of these are already The two welfare regions comprising using institute facilities to good advanthe Salt Lake valley (Salt Lake and tage. Jordan valley regions ), have embarked

on a soil conservation and erosion conNew Wards trol program for their agricultural holdTITebster Ward, Park Stake, has ings.

been formed from part of the Salt

Lake City Tenth Ward, with Norman Mt. Pleasant Hospital

bishop. as Martin H. and drawn, been have "Dlueprints Bernardino San Redlands Ward,

build to collected, been funds have increated an from has been Stake, at hospital twentyfive-bed a $100,000 branch, with LeVerne M. dependent

buildas as soon Utah, Pleasant, Mt. bishop. as Hansen

favorable. are more conditions ing

Sanpete North and Monroe, Manti, Report Region Salt Lake half HOTELGUY TOOMBES, ManagingUTAHDirector. approximately raised stakes have stakes nineteen the midSeptember Tn will cost, amount which the proposed * reregion welfare Lake the Salt of Church. their canning operations to be matched by the on ported s Witmj on page 820) {Continued follows: date, as

808 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 'ttiSr 3 night,CharlesTexas,Brownworkedof Goodout this emergency pumping his to arrangement keep Sjom fc'WS full tank FASTENED water windon \ TO TOWER less days. tracuses a He

tor for points power, but *, WALKING 1 BEAM that a truck can job out do tab grig** keeps V rtecrt equally well. sketch * As easier, {PITMAN ROD...,. ReP farm rk here walking shows, beam -<2*X4"0R coP

2"ys is > uf \2"X6"pivoted on 4"s x on ow oec- -tnft costs, t t 5J-5*:

fastened to windmill towSaS bePIN CRANK er. Inner of fSSnSs walking end 2flT*SqU BUILT SO OUT kn< rllv is PITMAN connected essariW W0N7 with beam JpVeP,e0\- helps endorses) Safeway TIRE RUB the sucker rod, outer end all, god & PENDER OR excbaoghanging usf%*t. A long with a rod. pitman diQ cauSCat

is pivoted Pitman to crank Leers are Sm *&*. wheel.pin boltedWheelto tractorthat

works pump is jacked—blockedup, oppositeon ground.wheel is

/Irm/ 7ruck Converted to Farm 7roc/sie Shooter This exArmy truck has been fitted out by H. L. Sanborn

of Meridian, California, to solve a host of ranch problems. Equipped with a winch on front and 4-wheel

drive, the truck had the makings of a portable power plant to start with. With addition of a crane at the

rear, and angle irons over the top, Sanborn is able to hoist the engine out of a tractor for servicing, lift a hog or steer for butchering. Body of truck carries tools

and acetylene welding gas for onthe-spot repair work on tractors, combined harvesters and bankout rigs.

serves Truck also as tow car. d COOD S/1FEH//iy /dea TRAVELING PIATFORM ELEVATOR. FROM

PIATFORM /s—Customer's Cho/ce

Jn oldfashioned food stores customers waited tor their orders to made up"by clerks.be

They weren't allowed go to"behind the counter ad Py much%tu whatu t0 wastake handed out. PnCeS, of course, were marked up to cover

the cost of extra store help required '**&** * o- cerfsesafmonf C"St0mers less handlL?wZred feh tomer cus"'m *'>eachbecfuse can shop SSfiS? a11 chandise before me""T* choose 6 bmnds 'exactly and MfiCH/M fcdpurchase S*""Since de'*ed. Safeway's fa* plan f,ount ml. S nrxrocs People buying easier, naturllfyy faROsrs demand for all the Jood Sods *$**

*ct, - cut -inFrank Bell, of Klamath Falls, Oregon, seems to have fel*"* built a practical machine to gather potatoes without

Bell stoop labor. elevators, potato started building for Safeway accepts no himself neighbors, in 1936. and his year he built Next an experimental sacker. Finally he built the bulk potato bLfefe

harvester or combine you see in action here. Bell

powers his harvester with an old Ford engine. Bulk

truck and potato combine travel alongside in the field at harvest time. As potatoes are dug and raised to a

traveling platform, men riding on the vehicle sort out clods. vines and tank catches Bulk potatoes as they can afford

elevator platform come up from on harvester. to*LS<

the nei?rkborhood SAFEWAY—grocery stores

DECEMBER 1946 809 *.shld CA T'his Christmas, as always on Christmas, there will be on the mantlepieces, in window displays, in elaborate yard and hall decorations, the star over eMcfcdneiefe

an understanding of the great signifimanger—theBethlehem sheddingcradle oflighttheuponinfanta Jesus.lowly

cance Savior's of our life mission. Bowing and humbly before him will be

as now, Some then, are those not willing to 1946 CONFIDENTIAL who have brought their gifts and have come to worship Israel's newpay the price in sacrifice and obedience ANNUAL REPORTS full that acceptance of requires. born him King. Such the first was Christmas,

now, as then, Some him; deny as heralded some '"Phe confidential annual reports angels'by voices singing,

will in the office be due of acknowledge him only as great a teach- "Peace Earth, On Good Will Toward the general priesthood commiter. Yet, to those in light, "who walk the andMen""Glory to in the God HighEast 47 Street, South Temple is in as he light,"the is est."the he of tee, son

Salt City, Lake 15, by January the God, "resurrection life,"the and In the world 'round about the manger 1947. in get will them time on To his and blood cleanseth all them from deceit,were intrigue, lust, greed, superfull require the cooperation of sin.

stition, and forms many of corruption, all in their concerned preparation. priesthood The of the body inwhile Church the manger lay the divine mesall urge presidents of quoWe of Christ has called been his to act in all senger of truth and righteousness, rums their to complete personal to name, in his speak name, the to and bear conqueror of hell. death and interviews, their and quomake faithful witness of him, that might men great The of power reports Satan rum to the promptly stake maniwas believe in him, his accept offering to fested in devious in ways Melchi2edek and Priesthood commany

... them and be saved him. by This places, but here in mittee. the manger urge the stake lay comHe We priesthood, and these blessings ofhe towho was all mitee overcome also evil receipt of upon and to quofered while men he sojourned in theopen the for way reports likewise their to man to rum complete recover- flesh, but he rejected, was his even bycome. Here lay the ords that will promptly so "Only they Begotten own. relatively The few accepted whoof the in Father flesh"the in time. be preliminary on to who was A him and were commissioned by himbear off the kingdom the of checkup stake by triumcommittees God likewise were rejected, the and bloodphantly. presidents with of now quorums of the Saints has long cried the from help insure of completion may The wicked Herod, fearing loss of ground against the persecutors of the

reports in season. proper hispower and throne, sought after the righteous.

child that Jesus kill he might him, but conflicting The influences in abroadthe day not had for his come death. the all land their have effect had upon doctrineThe of the kingdom cesses to hilarity be was and thought paid with no the in manner the which than morerevealed, Christ's established; Church to the origin its of Christmas or deep nineteen hundred Christmases since,his chosen Twelve, the Seventy, significance to and for mankind, wine- a day have observed. been

others, to were sent be forth bibbing, to admin- "partying"relaxation of and there are Today those to it is whomister the gospel, his and preparation for normal restraints. and proper The for a thanksgiving, day worship andthe salvation of to men was this priesthood be comof the body and Church giving the gifts, of natal the of our daypleted. until then Not Saints generally, would he the be should preserve

Savior. and Lord are There those totaken sinful by men, shamefully significance this deep of abused, holy day.

it is for a whom the day giving reandnailed the to cross thieves, between laid great of meaning the mission The of ceiving gifts of but without much in theaway sepulchre, yielded our the Savior again by revealed. has been thought to given the great meaning ofsepulchre the on third restoration stand fulits of in the The gospel day—and gift giving. it is some for a To day exforth "the resurrection life."the and ness the reestablishment of and the

Ever since the first Christmas, the Church of Jesus Christ has been ef- "truth and righteousness"of the manger fected. The birth, the sacrifice, and the

has been pleading with the people, yet resurrection of our Lord Jesus Christ many have been overcome by the clever are solemn realities. He has revealed

machinations of him who is an enemy himself from heaven in this day, and to Christ and has sought continually to the Father has declared him to be "My carry off the kingdom to his own honor, Beloved Son."There also have been

glory, and selfish ends. sent from his holy presence, messengers

further will, his declared have who and vision The of the is manger again restored the authority of the "Holybefore us today. Light truth and are after Priesthood of the the Order Sonto there, be found there and alone. As of the authority God,"necessary andin yesteryears there abound every on requisite to administer the gospel and evilhand the influences of Satan, and its saving ordinances to inhabitants theas then, many, though professedly lookof the world.

ing light, toward the are not being it fitting not be this, most Would on it;warmed by neither are they worand for every Christmas day, the memshiping is him "the who Father of bership of the of Church Christ Jesuslights"from cometh whom "every good of Saints, Latterday particularly andgift and every perfect gift"and "with those bearing the Priesthood, Holy to

is no variableness,whom neither shadthe in spend thanksgiving, day giving of turning."ofow (See James 1:17.) gifts, in good true the spirit and of

as now, then,Many have not to come it worship? Might not well for a be day

;. )

"Behold, the field IS WHITE..."

By Mona WilsonHftiestW BY OF CONDUCTED GENERAL THE COUNCIL OF THE PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE THE director made the funeral was who FIELDING A. CALLIS, TWELVE SMITH, CHARLES HAROLD CHAIRMAN;—JOSEPH

request. who B. IT the was a There man G. LEE, E. KIMBALL, SPENCER W. EZRA MCBENSON, TAFT ROMNEY, MARION THOMAS

KAY, CLIFFORD E. YOUNG, ALMA SONNE, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, ANTOINE R. IVINS had died, and they wanted our

Church to "put on the funeral"for him far out on the eastern shores of North

Carolina. (They really said "put on,"

PRIESTHOOD COURSE OF STUDY FOR 1947: as though a funeral were to them a

dramatic production.

Lkurck Arldtom and rv/odem Kevetation ArthurAt ElizabethMcPhersonCity, Branchconsented,Presidentas

HPhe November issue of The Improvement Era, and periodic issues branchof the presidentshelp of localinvariablymembersdo, andassuredthe of the Deseret News Church Section, carried the announcetwo missionaries, Sisters Ida Nelson ment of the 1947 course of study for the Melchizedek Priesthood and Mona Wilson, who were stationed quorums. The course will be Church History and Modern Revelation. there. Also a former missionary, Elder

The text for this year will be Volume I of the Documentary History Lyle J. Smart, U.S.N., of Sandy, Utah,

of the Church by the Prophet Joseph Smith. The outline for the secured permission to attend.

course was prepared by Elder Joseph Fielding Smith of the Council We had learned that the man had of the Twelve. been a SeventhDay Adventist and that he was a veteran of World War I. We

Distribution of both text and outline will be made through the heard, too, that the church was undeDeseret Book Company, 44 East South Temple Street, Salt Lake City, nominational and that it was without a

Utah, and its agencies. Requests for the book and outline should be minister. It was on Church's Island, at

made directly of them. It is hoped that both will be available about a place known as Waterlily. That's

December 15, 1946, and orders will be filled in the order of their about all we knew; and our ride there

receipt. was curiously solemn, with a feeling of

quiet expectancy filtering in and underThe Volume I of the Documentary History of the Church is being neath the conversation.

made available by the Church at $1.50 and the outline at 25 cents, The chapel stood alone, scarcely a

both at cost of printing and handling. Order early. Send money with block from the water's edge. Far out

order. at sea was the outline of a lighthouse

against the sky. There were a few

houses along the road, and we had passed fishing boats quietly at anchor.

building faith in the hearts of our chilwhich our Father in heaven sent and In the churchyard was a cemetery, cendren and neighbors, helping them to a gave his only Begotten Son? More than turies old. Even the very air seemed

true concept and deeper significance of most seem aware, this great responsiwashed and clean.

Christmas? The world will not combility and glorious opportunity rests The chapel had been painted a gleamprehend fully nor understand the true upon the priesthood of the Church ing white. Inside, the walls of naturalspirit of Christmas day until the priestcollectively and individually. Why not, finish wood were studded with kerohood of this Church carries the great through devotion to righteous princisene wall lamps. The people were proud

message to them. Would it not be apples, let each priesthood bearer make of their little church building, and

propriate on this day for each member this his most joyous Christmas by reproud, too, of their organ. What if it

of the priesthood to rededicate his life membering the deep significance of the was seldom used and hard to pump, it to the cause of truth—the cause for mission of the child Jesus. had a lovely tone.

The ladies'quartet sang, "O, My

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN Father,"John N. andKeaton,the speakersElder wereSmart,Brotherand

{Conducted by Dr. Joseph F. Merrill) (Concluded on page 815)

A Living Example ately greater than in any other Cabelieve in and practise it, and have let **T)rince Edward Island is Canada's nadian province, and for its size, it has it work out its own consequences."—

offices, railways, post more It province. has no more most blessed Voice, quoting from Signs of the more The

province. telegraph lines than other any poverty. very little and unemployment, (Canada) Times

Though it permits divorce and has a It is estimated that there are over ten divorce court provided for, only one thousand motorcars on the island, and Why This Column Is Abbreviated divorce was granted in sixty years. the roads are winding and dangerous, Tn this issue of The Improvement Era,

There are no highwaymen, no gangyet in some years there are as low as we have greatly abbreviated this sters, no commercialized vice, no real two motorcar accidents. column in order to give space for the

crime problem, and no penitentiary. "Is Prince Edward Island heaven? excellent article entitled "The Menace

There are only thirteen policemen for There must be some catch in all this. of Moderation,"originally published by

its ninety thousand population, and it No; it is simply that the Islanders The Christian Century, Chicago. We

has had no execution in forty years.... adopted prohibition of the beverage alrecommend the study of this article to

Its per capita savings rank proportioncohol traffic many years ago ( 1 900 ) all Era readers. See page 783.

DECEMBER 1946 811

-fxksthoobAaxmxcCONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

WARD YOUTH LEADERSHIP

OUTLINE OF STUDY APPLICATIONS FOR v LkaUenamqama IKecord

JANUARY 1947 AWARDS Note: This course of study is pre- /"\fficial application blanks

direction pared under the of the Presiding Bishopric presentation during have now been mailed to all for the monthly meeting of the ward youth stake chairmen and bishops who leadership to be conducted by the bishhave ordered them from the opric in each ward. Members of the Presiding Bishop's office. Only

Priesthood Aaronic ward committee and Latterthese blanks are to be used when the ward of committee for day Saint girls are expected to attend applying for any of the awards this meeting. in connection with the Aaronic

and the Latterday Review Priesthood

Saint girls'programs.

A physician has at his command a Full instructions appear on the large fund of knowledge. The key application blanks and should be

to its effective use is a correct diagnosis carefully studied before applying of the patient. The doctor must underfor awards either on a quorum,

stand his patient or his medical pracgroup, or individual basis in either tice may do more harm than good. program.

We leaders of youth have in our hearts a fine appreciation of the gospel of Jesus Christ. At our disposal, too,

is a Church program for boys and girls. ing, when wholesome activities

are not available to us.

3. of us desires ROBERT WEST Recognition—Eachgirls—theirBut, unless wenaturecan anddiagnosetheir lifesitua-boys and

feel to wanttions—our We knowledge of the gospel and selfrespect. "Dobert is a priest in the Pleasant sun, in the a place that we haveour program of the Church may miss

the mark, may fail to register effectivethat we are real persons. We gain Grove First Ward, Timpanogos

ly in their lives. this feeling through achievement Stake. It is reported that since his ordiSuch has been our point of view of all kinds, through praise and nation as a deacon five years ago, he

during the past year in preparing discusencouragement, friends and love, has attended every sacrament meeting sion topics for youth leadership meetintegrity, and through response held in his ward, has qualified each year

Certificate the for Individual of Award, art, nature, people, and God. fromings. tried to ourselves have make We

is Scout. an Eagle and peopleconscious to pernot andmore correctgospel, principles the of The climbing, get as Robert, and Keep get lostmit ourselves to in subject matlived, will help ly boys interpreted and climb with to you as possible. manyter or program. in a satisfy girls basic needs. these The and

The following are some of the needs program of the Church is likewise girlsof discussed: boys and have we satishappiness to bring and invite probplanned us your to send you We are should review a worth(They and well as to people, faction here solutions lems have and now any you and also

be kept in mind as we proceed this year as exaltation in the kingdom of God found to these problems.

into new fields. hereafter. Therefore, as we work in The following are some sample prob-

1. Security—Everyone needs to feel the Church and teach the gospel, let us lems and issues we plan to discuss with

safe and secure in life. This feelbe peopleconscious and boyand-girlyou during the coming year.

ing is won in many ways, through minded. Let us think of them as chilhealth, economic wellbeing, and dren of God and also as human beings Problems

especially by a sense of belongingwith very real desires and with definite 1. What can we do to make attendance

ness—a feeling of being needed, interests. at sacrament meetings more attractive

wanted, and loved by other huto boys and girls?

man beings; through faith in life, Preview 2. Whatcauses isof thejuvenileextentdelinquency?and what are the

in fellow men and in God, and In the coming year in this column we 3. What can Latterday Saint leaders of

through a testimony of the gospel. shall deal with problems of youth as youth do to help decrease the amount

2. New Experience—This is just the they relate to gospel living, Church of and to prevent juvenile delinquency?

opposite of security. Each of us, activity, and to their lives in general. 4. To what extent do Latterday Saint

and especially boys and girls, likes youth marry outside the Church?

Questions What can be done to decrease the adventure, excitement, surprise, 1. of the youth? are problems marriages? of such number What in life. have novel and the We 2. Latterday Saint 5. as to lessen can for youth we do What can we What this play, satisfied through need solve help to them? of youth leaders divorce of the do Church? members among

learning, creativeness, pursuit of 6. How can Latterday Saint youth leadhobbies, and even through misEach month we shall tackle a single ers guide and help boys and girls in

chief, crime, destructiveness, careproblem, analyze it, and suggest a their vocational choices and callings?

free, reckless, and even sinful livcourse of action in relationship to it. (Concluded on opposite page)

812 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

)ar5 SFeacdivig CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY HENRY G. TEMPEST.

Jke sQutkoritu of a Ward Teachers'i/jovith J>peahi

I APPRECIATE BEING A Messages Discontinued WHY lA/ard Jeacker WARD TEACHER Dach month for many years past ( Excerpts from the conference ad- *** there has appeared, on this page, (Excerpts from a talk given by dress of Elder Hyvum M. Smith of the Ward Teachers'Message for the Gail Stevens, a teacher in the

the Council of the Twelve, Ocensuing month. The message has also Southgate Ward, South Salt Lake

tober 1911.) been printed in leaflet form and supStake.

plied for the personal use of ward <<rpHE authority of the priesthood teachers in making their monthly visgives him [the ward teacher] the its.

right to ask questions of the family as Hereafter, there will be no such to their diligence in keeping the commessage appearing on this page, mandments of the Lord, as to their neitheras heretofore.will the leaflets be supplied

faithfulness in performing the duties Ward teachers are now expected to that the gospel enjoins upon them. The go into the homes of the Saints preteacher has the right to inquire into pared to teach as the Spirit of the

everything pertaining to the welfare Lord may suggest and as the revelaGAIL and standing of the people who call tions direct (see D. & C. 20:5355). STEVENS

themselves Latterday Saints. He may This will require some advance prepask them if they live in peace together, aration and careful thought looking to

if there is love and affection existing the individual status and needs of visited. proceto This be is members if there wife, and husbandbetween

limitafar the dure should beyond go a has given teacher a me "D eing ward in father the love affection andproper tions in developed, have which many gosthe about learn more to desire children, for the and the motherand instances, reported readby merely myself, to make and improve and children respect and not the orwhether leaflets the ing or pel, supplied heretofore honor their fathers and their mothers, leaving the leaflet for the family to it my duty as a Latterday Saint to live as the Lord has commanded. He may read. my religion. The gospel as embraced

inquire if the children live together in by the Latterday Saints, prompts me love and peace as brothers and sisters to seek after knowledge. There is no

ought to live, and if the family engages Lord may also inquire if there are memother people more eager to see, hear, in prayer night and morning; and if the bers in the family who take the name of learn, and understand the truth. I have

parents teach their children to pray the Lord in vain; if they are honest, and learned many truths, and gained a

vocally, and believe in and remember if they are truthful, and if they are knowledge of the gospel, that has their secret prayers, as commanded in pure. All these things the teacher has helped me to plan better my life for

the revelations of the Lord. He may inthe right to inquire about, and it is his the future. Our religion is not conquire of the Saints if they backbite or duty to inquire about them."tracted, but is calculated to expand

speak evil of their neighbors, or of one the minds of the children of men and another, or if there is quarreling or conWARD YOUTH LEADERSHIP increase their intelligence. Through

tention, or dissension and lack of OUTLINE OF STUDY ward teaching I have increased my unbrotherly love and kindness exhibited (Concluded from opposite page) derstanding of the gospel. It is to me

in the family, or on the part of mem- 7. What are the recreational interests of a mission at home. When I reach the

bers of the family towards their neighyouth today? proper age, I hope to fill a mission to

bors and friends. He may inquire if 8. Wherein does the recreational pro- a foreign land, and ward teaching will

the Saints sustain and uphold the priestgram of the Church appeal? Fail to have given me a great deal of the trainwill need. that I ing experience and and those of God,hood whom the the criteria are of a good recreaLord 9. appeal?What strangers of into the homes I go Authoras General to presidehas called When tional Saint for Latterday program

ities in the Church, or as the local auyouth? and the people I know, I observe the

thorities in stake and ward or branch; 10. How can an adult win the friendship way they live and the manner in which

whether or not they accept the restoraand confidence of a boy or girl? they accept the gospel of Jesus Christ.

tion of the gospel and believe in it and 11. What are the qualifications of a LatterThere are many things to learn as a

believe in the prophets who have been day Saint youth leader? Let's take ward teacher. Therefore, it is a priviinspired and raised up to perform the stock of ourselves. lege to labor in that capacity. It will

work the Lord has allotted them in the Suggestions to Discussion Leader better qualify me to be an efficient mislatter days; and whether or not they 1. Place the three needs on a blackboard sionary. It has taught me humility, andaccept the organization of the Church.—security—new experience—recognithat I shall never see the time when I

tion, there learn, nor to shall need not family when inquire of the teacherThe may 2. List of satisfying these needs ways to objective be gained. will notif their an be meetings sacrament attend they each one. under

on the Sabbath day and partake of the 3. After projecting the theme for discusThis will add to my knowledge and insacrament, and if they do so worthily; sion this year, Problems of Youth, increase my ability, and thus enable those

and if they honor the Sabbath day and vite those present to state what they I teach, to gain a better knowledge of keep it holy. These servants of the think are their problems. the gospel.

DECEMBER 1946 813

ZIL CONSTANT VIGIL

By DORIS DALBY WHITE Kjoieafoptj This precious thing was given me

I keep confirmed on November 20, 1870, by A constant vigil will valiantly. Elder Alfred Wright. He married And guard it—ever

Sarah Hopewell the following year. most unfortunate thing that can By John Cuthers He specialized in secretarial work for Thehappen to a "Mormon"boy or

of the the records Church. he Some identity or is his her girl lose to special a genealogical meetwardAt

in are compiled Histhe Church now a is, identity being of "Morthe that ing the sponsored geneaby ward office. torian's records deThese were mon."Ilogical to committee, assigned was livered charge, as clerk, from branch my on, more become goes time we As in short talkgive ancestry, a on my in in into the the year England, 1897, outpeople associated with and more display heirconnection a of with one

late assistant of the custody Church ideals ideas and Their Church. side our briefloom, or together more, a with

historian, at Brother Jenson, Andrew diffiis it infiltrate ours, sometimes andhistory of heirlooms. these

request. In addition secto Jenson's of sense retain proper to a for cult us I fitting held preliminary a a up As retarial lafor the Church, he work is beas never values. now, That why vestfamily heirloom—a worn by untiringly local missionary. as a bored vigil constant a keep fore, must we his the ofCharles Cuthers on marday

his desire constant to spread Through cherish guard, vigil uphold, and to a inriage 1871 to who, Hopewell Sarah truth, the the the of enemies Church dear. so hold ideals which those wefive later, mother. years became my

life. his returning sought home While

The following narration, except the from a street meeting, in the spring of Our Church has taken so definite dates of temple ordinances, was told to 1879, he was ambushed by anti-"Mor- a stand on matters which others may me by my maternal grandmother, and mons,"and was beaten so severely that deem unimportant. Among other things,

a record liquor, of this in the drink not was kept by me, should has said we finally injuries reit to the he succumbed beneficialfervent not prove hope should it would not smoke, we should we attack. this brutal ceived from His

to me, and to others, in the days that death occurred April 8, 1879. Sarah drink tea or coffee.

were to come: Hopewell Cuthers died June 21, 1882. A "Mormon"once attended a banCharles Cuthers was born at TewkesThey sleep side by side, in Saint Mary's quet where men of many different bebury, Gloucestershire, England, on July churchyard, which is located in one of liefs were assembled. As a gesture of

7, 1852. He was of Scotch descent. For the most picturesque countrysides withconviviality, a cocktail was served be-

a livelihood, he entered the hosiery in the confines of the Nottingham Disfore dinner. Two men stood apart from

manufacturing trade at a very early age, trict, in the British Mission. the others, and one, knowing there was

this in later parexpert anand became his to present, turned a "Mormon"in the Salt Lake endowed was He field.ticular his following While over that said, friend man "See and 1, as, also, 1912, November Temple also lady,chosen a employment, young is 'Mormons''Mormon.'there? a He time, mother. they were At that was mya worker, garment Sarah Hopenamed cocktails. in drinking believe in the cedon't also sealed accordance with hiswell, attention, attracted with whom his he'll turn him, down."With Watch lestial children, of marriage. Their law fell in reciprolove. lovehe His was "I'll replied, his interest, friend amused all, five in to also are sealed them. Sarah,cated a but Sarah "Morby was apto doesn't. want won't bet he He

mon,"and her mother was also a "Morpear conspicuous."But the other man

mon."was certain. "'Mormons'just don't

Somewhat disinterested in the reliNote from Archibald F. Bennett drink,"he said.

gions of that day, that is, the religions un- "Mormon,"watched. The They Genealogical General Secretary, fully with,he deterconversant but was

for the he reprethat moment aware Society his to choice, of he win the girlmined that entire Church, unaware the sented attend toconsented a Latterday Saint Dr. request a all from have judging by Max members someone was XX/e meeting,meeting. that At a "Mormon"

in Basel, next the 56, Leimenstr. few mohe Wetterwald, do would what long,elder flowing with beard, a and

cocktail like the unfortunately to took Switzerland, ments, which would we in coat, long frock a deliveredgarbed it. let doing, in.Era he down, the include so have drank By and you stirringa earnest address the and on

himself, the but whole Church only not text:following scriptural with corresponded time ago "Some we of the were eyes in the who men two

I inother. that time each At was seeking

Jesus answered them, and said, My docformation concerning persons by the name watching.

trine is not mine, but his that sent me. If of Wetterwald in America. In your reply

will, shallany he do his man will know do T7herever we we fact that could the deplored not of you you are—whatever

itthe doctrine, or whether be of whethGod, I results. give then the Since represent Church. have Even me positive—weer I of myself. 7:16, speak 17.) (John research, at continued and to, like get my genealogical cannot would we if we

At the conclusion of the discourse, present since the war is over, I would like away from that fact. It is a constant

try to find those again to reputation of our persons of my vigil the to keep interintenselyCharles Cuthers was family emigrated to America. who of in the of the people high eyes Churchested. His the heart attuned to was

like "I to the following pubbe would placed In our the world. hands has beenteachings so he understandhad which

for searching bearers the of I am that trust. died People we a sacredingly night heard. he sought That Please informasend Wetterwald. the surnamelicized:

blessings of the our Church. enjoy might It in prayer. so long hadLord been tion to Society, Genealogical 80 North The

since he had prayed, he had almost forMain, Salt Lake City, 1, Utah. We are not called upon to die for it

it.gotten how to pray. He also sought "I hope to find more information concernwe are called upon to live for

more information concerning the lattering the Wetterwalds who emigrated to Some believe that by throwing our day gospel. He was finally baptized and America or to discover their descendants."cherished ideals to the winds, they gain

814 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

emancipation; that by disregarding our

standards, by smearing that which we hold dear and sacred, they take on a new aura of intelligence. I have yet to

see the person who gains a greater happiness by selling his birthright for a mess of pottage.

We mortals do not gain the ultimate in perfection quickly. It is a long, hard

road. The gospel of Jesus Christ is not

easily lived. Because we have set our

standardsvigil—an unceasinghigh, it requireseffort ona constantthe part

of every Church member to live his religion wherever he is or whoever he may be.

"Behold, the Field is White"(Concluded from page 81 1 Brother McPherson. It was thrilling to

sit there, watching the faces of those people hearing the gospel for the first time. They were a kindly people,

fishermen, with years of toil etched on their tanned faces. I thought of

their lives on that tiny, isolated island, their patterns of living that were interesting concatenations of events—uncharted and unheralded. Here they had

met to hear a formal, last goodbye to their friend and neighbor. Instead, they

were hearing the astonishing words "We are all brothers and sisters. We

shall live again and go on to eternal progression."

They heard it from the lips of

Brother Keaton who had never met d/foCia/mrsthem but who talked their simple language. They heard it from young Brother uniform a sailor's a G.I. and Smart in!... aMFIVsNiMXtR TRACTOR Brother haircut. it from heard NOW They

great withMcPherson who spoke for his fellow depth with BIG TRACTOR DESIGN, of understanding and love men. It was all so new to them, yet so simple and convincing. BALANCE, AND STAMINA

The closing song, "Though Deepening Trials,"was especially effective. At Engineered Completely New 2-Cycle Diesel Power

the cemetery we sang again, and the Throughout Full Visibility; Comfortable

grave was dedicated. Then we dis37.4 Drawbar H.P. Seat, Readily Accessible

persed, and the people stayed around 5 Speeds—1.46 to 5.47 m.p.h. Controls

in groups—eager

strained. weigm. l. <446Q inchinch treadtread 10,750n 250 lbs., bs Simplified Maintenance We talkedto talkwith andas manyyet reas w

we could, told them again the name of 1,000 Hour Lubrication—Truck More Traction, More Ground

the strange Church which taught such Wheels, Idlers, Support Rollers Contact, Better Balance amazing doctrines in such an amazing way. None of them had ever attended IT'S TOUGH! IT'S DEPENDABLE! a "Mormon"service before, few of IT'S RUGGED!

them had ever heard of the Church.

They eagerly accepted the few tracts we had with us, and invited us to return,ragain. ALUSTRACTOR DIVISIONCHALMERSMILWAUKEE 1, U. S, A.

As we left these friendly people, we felt sure that when the time comes that &S$*>Jf$ Farm News of National Significance... Broadcasts Direct from Leadtraveling elders can visit Waterlily, ing Farm Events... Your Musical Favorites—All on THE NATIONthey will find many friends there. They AL FARM AND HOME HOUR, Every Saturday, on Full NBC Network. Presented

will find people who are hungering for as a Service to Agriculture by AllisChalmers.

their message.

DECEMBER 1946 815 teachers of the gospel, whether at home or in the mission field. The book is the fruit

of years of research, study, and teaching in the fields of history and comparative religions, by a trained historian who is also a OWelfoofcreicfc faithful Latterday Saint. It is thoroughly

reliable in its statements. As a member of

of University, faculty the Brigham Young cellent NOT BY BREAD discussion First, ALONE of family problems. Institute L. S. director of D. an of Re- (Vilhjahnur Stefansson. The Macmillan several of the twentytwo chapters are deligion, to visitor president, a mission and a Company, York. pages. 339 $3.50.) New to the voted folperiod of courtship; then earth, the far has of the author places the

of low problems marriage is apparent MEAT TIMES THREE A DAY concerns are given and (F. J. Schlink M. C. Phillips. of presRichard Family andattention—alongparenthood. ingainedthe choicea rich experienceof material,whichmanner

R. Smith, New York. 194 pages. $2.50.) with economic, social, educational, religious, entation, and final conclusions. In this day

others. and Several chapters consider family philosophies of of life and manmade many thesis of these two books HThe that man disorganization, delinquency, divorce. and this false doctrines, and book is needed live alone. meat on -* may field. in its combook is comprehensive The isHow A. W. fortably and long live he how discussions are may sane, practical, on a The and welcomed.—J.

is purely diet meat not discussed. touched spirit. everywhere the gospel by STORIES INDIAN UTAH Dr. Stefansson argues from the experiauthor has The a done very piece of good compiler Hunter, (Dr. R. Milton and of ences primitive peoples, especially die in the this preparation of work volume, 1946. pages. publisher. $2.25.) 282 Eskimos. His book, as would expected be all helpful should which to be contemwho history, adventure, exciting Interesting from so honest capable and is student, a plate marriage or already have found who

will reader thrilling the hold escapes and thoroughly scientific in structure their and is mates. the of book very The one

old. It pictures this or volume, of young is method, and reading. good His numerdiscussing few courtship and marriage from

effect living the of the of and Indian modes ous quotations from history human are the point of "Mormon"W. A view.—J. simple the of the white upon coming man especially interesting reading aside from

it culture of Indian. the primitive Then the central of theme the MASTER'S THE book. ART After reading the five enthusiastic chapters, out of (Dr. Howard R. Driggs. Deseret Sunday reviews through skilfully selected stories,

thirteen in the book, about pemmican, the School Union. 1946. 326 pages. $1.25.) many of them breathtaking, the Indian probr

the settlers of of pioneer the and lems Utah feeling that remains civilized is leaving man of Christ Church 'T'he Jesus of Latterday scattered maintermountain Widely West. precious a food item his out of dietary. * is essentially Saints instituteaching a here, together, terial brought has been Phillips Schlink and if write as they have It tion. its all witness the bears to of world for cover, enjoyment. our Nuunder one to grind an ax with someone, a purpose not faith; to attempts teach principles and the line drawings pictures halftone and merous quite explained. illustrations Thirteen grace

all practices of the will to and Church who fitting is text. a the volume The accompany the book, but nine of them are reproduclisten. of celebration the to contribution coming tions hotel of other and loaded menus down teaching in This the motive Church makes it is it is a centennial; more; Utah's but with dishes. meat That the weakens arguit all desirable that of the Church members through will enjoyed that read and be book for ment, unfortunately is what not do men acquainted the best with become methods his the the and Scout years coming by Boy for their always best. Tobacco alcohol and of this information conveying others. to In girl and the Bee grandfather Hive and by advertisements the of day not do that prove

set Dr. Driggs forth has book direct by all the groups age grandmother, and her by these substances for are good. human statement in wellchosen and example, A. between.—/. is W. really There nothing in these new simplicity, astonishing principles the of It books. has long been that, known when

is It teaching. useful unusually good an necessary, VINLAND THE GOOD protein meat perform may a written, teaching, guide to well often good Co., and Shute. (Nevil William Morrow It double duty. will supply the reprotein

beautiful in statement, within the unand pages. $2.50.) 1946. 126 York. New quirements of the body, and also be may

file of derstanding the of peothe and rank if that "burned"history feeling within the help cannot to body maintain body One ple are teachers. professional All not who heat. is this writtaught as book more were to well teach endeavor to would do who best The of knowledge the it to points day respond to and ten, large a would group

this to practo possess read and and book use such of protein meat as wasteful inpeople, completely to and understand more come its tise W. jurious if A over the years, health the actions and behind precepts.—/. long motives and movements,

life desired. are It be observed that author people. may of and movements The OF THE TEACHING PSYCHOLOGY his Stefansson in living year of the for sets forth reasons the on meat (Asahel D. Woodruff. Longmans, did alone not depend lean on muscle, the ultimate Leif of Green migrationspoignantly Eric and and Co., pages. York. 180 $1.75.) but & New thedrew part of major diet the fat. Leif. from of discovery America by

learning in teach, often to psyHT'oo how call authors Both attention to the physiofilm ends the production, for play Written logical evils * the clouds, far in has that been chology to have come primitive in history real challenge: "People with a

it students.peoples reach the of they above Here when have changed their from different race me. from and not you is were a

old solid to the of living ground, brought to which the on mode down diet. white man's great history with deal mostly books Your

It is praiseBut the both rare walks. student a the and missed essential have cause the Princes the people, Kings and Minand

this effect. of clearly in simple, sixteen attempt Civilized has turned in worthy man isters just State. froth the of They're upon

last the stated to chapters, century important the to and the make retwo use of the the Kings Princes surface; and and

fined for practical offerings of or "cured"psychology sound flour, sugar, don't History foods—whiteor much. mean theMinisters—theystarch, It all is teaching. in preserved also meats, engage may who which is like simple plain people etc.—from and made by

been the thehave fashion to present removed a rebuke academic indispensable minourselves, the best each doing with can we erals It is if all vitamins. to and as subject present every freshman the lack of these get as it along. to Leif job out went comes

essential lies nutrients that listeners of prospective doctors at the were of the bottom to build timber cowhouses, found and most of our "civilized"diseases. philosophy. Only by simple steps do we America. That's how real people make real

rise learning. to of the heights book, The science, present Modern history. history propaganda to yourselves make may You

is facts short, of helpful brimful and whilethe contrary, agrees (see but Improvement The one of you, one day, any you may suggestions. teacher should read EveryEra, January 1943, page 14) with didn't."it. Leif the practhis never you've done know tice of most of the readers of the Era that book; and it would be read profitably by—M. C. J.

intelligent parents. J. A, W.meat should be eaten "sparingly."J. A W. THE LOWELLS AND THEIR

FAMILY ETERNAL WORLD RELIGIONS IN THE SEVEN WORLDS (Roy A. West. Bookcraft Company, Salt LIGHT OF MORMONISM (Ferris Greenslet. Houghton Mifflin and

Lake City. 1946. 218 pages. $2.25.) (Dr. Thomas C. Romney. Zion's Publishing Company, Boston. 1946. 442 pages. $4.00.)

TfHiNKiNG this of biography value * that socialpeoplewelfareeverywheredepends understandon family Company,1946. 427 Independence,pages. $2.00.) Missouri. Completelya family is annotated,of tremendous because

happiness. But the many books on courtTn this scholarly book, important religious of the scholarliness of the undertaking as

ship and marriage are content to let family * concepts have been selected from the well as the interestingness with which the association end with mortal life, and therevarious religions of the world and compared project has been completed. For those who

fore they hunt about helplessly for some with similar concepts contained in the acare concerned in writing their own ancestral doctrine that will lift modern marriage out cepted literature of the Latterday Saints. biographies, this should serve as an excelof its morass of failures. This book, as its This brings out in clear light the fact of the lent model.

title implies, supplies this missing ideal. apostasy, and the truth of the restored gosNot only do the Lowells come to life, but

Around the conception of the family as an pel. Such a book, eminently faith promotthe age in which they lived also becomes

eternal relationship, is woven a most exing, has long been desired by students and vivid to the reader. In seven worlds in which

816 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA they moved is revealed through the good humor of the family and their keen wit and wisdom. The book creates the New

England from the past to the present, as it affected the lives of this precocious and interesting family. M. C. J.

FIDDLESTRINGS

(Edward R. Tuttle. Bookcraft Company,

Salt Lake City. 1946. 100 pages. $2.00.)

'"Phis collection of eightysix poems will -* appeal to many because of the homey messages that are included in them. The

common touch is evidenced in the poems as some of the titles will indicate: Acceptable

Advice, Compensation, Nature's Lesson,

Sacrifice, Stop Signs, Success, Thrift, The

Winners. The commonness of the experiences will also call forth a ready response

from those who read the book. The book

also has some clever illustrations which will further enhance its appeal. M. C. J.

BEYOND THIS DARKNESS (Roger L. Shinn. A Haddam House Book.

Association Press, New York.

1946. 56 pages. $1.00.)

is book a worthy HPhis venture—and

the -*- doubly so one understands when purpose behind its publication, for "Haddam House is a publishing project in the field of religious literature for youth. Its

special concern is to deal with moral and religious questions and needs of young men and women."

This book is an answer to the question, "Why Christianity?"And it was worked out by a young man whose grim memories FEATURES

of combat in the Battle of the Bulge and subin sequent a imprisonment Nazi camp made AT NO EXTRA COST the him dig answer. deep to find Quoting

of greater operation, usefulness, convenience, these and Get EXTRAS is "the Buchan, from church an anvil John get all these choose you a loader. you economy buyin a COATS, Whenease when YOU the out hammers,"that has worn many for features, loader: than you'd at no more pay an ordinary added

faith realization to that author comes a full in God is the one thing that matters. He is 1. "Miracle"Telescoping Frame, stronger, permits load pickup

a clear thinker, this author, and challenges within few inches of front wheel; puts 30% less weight on front

axle. rear pull end, less on constantly in the book.—M. C. /.

enter in barn or shed with 7'clearance. load and 2. Will

CONCHA'S MEXICAN KITCHEN 3. Cablepositioned.arrangement prohibits frame twist no matter where load is BOOKCOOK clutch; bind. cone Tapered no wood slip, no 4. Stoker. Co., Naylor Ulmer The control; prevents swinging. bucket Automatic 5.. Antonio, Texas. pages. 244 San( Catharine $3.00.)

raises, lowers, control; lever Fingertip one dumps bucket from 6.

* "lest fearing author, these dishes I 'he driver's seat. be

* lost to the world in the same manner 7. Three feet loading clearance.

as have been lost to history many of MexFits any rowcrop tractor. Hay buck, snow bucket attachments fit loader bucket.

of Strongest factory loader the market. guarantee any on Ask ico's archives ancient lanher and Aztec

this for free or write gives circular loader which you MORE, your dealerNOW. today set recipes that the has guage,"she about down there's for every Coats Loader a

herself to as out has tried given from her... of tractor except crawlers type. and.. make

the treasure of many of the oldest families in Mexico. But this is more than a cook book, important as that element is in this MOUNTAIN STATES IMPLEMENT CO.

volume; it is an introduction to the customs OGDEN, UTAH

and manners of one of our great neighboring countries. And the recipes are something to try—and try again, for that fascinating difference that whets a gourmet's appetite.—M. C. J.

BURNS...BOY NEBRASKA FROM WHEN YOUR HOME of Ben Kuroki The Story

(Ralph G. Martin. Harper and Brothers, There's a certain amount'of comfort to know that should fire destroy

New York. 1946. 208 pages. $2.50.) your home tonight you are covered by Fire Insurance.

'I fHis book treats the life of an American Such insurance will indemnify you for the loss incurred and allow 4"of Japanese descent and his service for you to rebuild your home without financial hardship.

his country—and his battling race prejudice. It's worth a good deal to have this protection in these times. See

the the Pacific in both and Serving European recour agentin yourtown. enviable of theaters war, Ben made an

ord both for himself and for the country whose uniform he wore. Anyone reading

to of this will struggle story the young man Utah Home Fire Insurance Co. the last vestige of race free himself from

prejudice—and will try to think in terms of HEBER J. GRANT. & CO., General Agents

individuals, in much the same way that he - 22 South Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah considers those Caucasians whom—M.he meets.C. J.

DECEMBER 1946 817

THE WHEEL IN ANCIENT AMERICA

Continued page from 785 25, no. 1, Americanos, pp. 1932077 Mexico 1946), (January - February writer the 1946, in comTn February(

A pany with J. Willard Marriott of the City, a group of scholars discuss the

Washington, D.C., stake presidency, problem and mention that there are at

saw, in the Museo Nacional de Mexico, least six places where wheeled toys the important and recently discovered have been found. The group includes

''pother"wheeled(near the toyIsthmusfoundof atTehuantepec)Tres Zapotesin AlfonsoSamuel K.Caso,Lothrop,MatthewJ. EricW.S. ThompStirling,

southern Mexico. This discovery, son, Jose Garcia Payon, and Gordon F.

along with others recently made, has Ekholm. As Dr. Caso concludes SUPERM/mf0$

caused a complete reversal of opinion... It appears that there are sufficient

on the part of most of the experts on arguments to confirm that at least some

In significant this question. an excellent also of CenIndians perhaps and Mexican MEAT GRm

it is for problem, of the discussion wheel current used the and tral America knew said by one scholar: little animals which may have had a special

significance or used simply as toys. (Page

Ttsne'ess entedIn my[in opinion,his article]the indicatesevidence thatto bethepresIn- 197.)

dians of Mexico had some knowledge of Proof having been supplied to estabin preConquest principle of the wheel the in lish of ancient existence America the iliu EOT to as many, will times. This come a surprise the principle of the of a knowledge BCtl I IUI1 of knowlabsence any the supposed because arises as to question the wheel, why

in the this principle World of edge New at natives in use not wheels by the were discussions conin stressed often has been Gcnm cerning the origin of the American Indian the time of the discovery of the New and his cultures. (Gordon F. Ekholm, World in the fifteenth century. A posTASTY NATURAL SOURCE "Wheeled toys in Mexico,"American sible explanation might be that since the

accomSee April 1946, p. 222. highly advanced ancient Maya, and OF VITAMINS B,-B 2 AND E Antiquity,

article showing the same from panying cut been cultures Toltec, had and Olmec reproducincluding a discovered, the toys previously, centuries several destroyed his disof drawing tion Charnay's of Desire fallen disuse to have the wheel may of 1880.) covery refined the road, with simultaneously A VISION OF LIGHT

By MARK HART Pictures are also given in the Nareligion of Itzamna, and other features philosophy This booklet, giving the and tional Geographic Magazine, Septemof those cultures. It is well established in poetic form, doctrine of Mormonism

will find a welcomed place in every ber 1940, p. 314, of the wheeled toys that those ancients far excelled the

L.remembrance.D. S. home.OrderIt's byan mailidealat token15c perof found by Dr. Matthew. In a discussion more recent Aztec and that most of the

culbooklet. aspects of Aztec advanced Natives more American Middle "Did the

Hart refined predderived ture from the were the in Cuadernos Wheel,"Music & Book Shop, Preston. Idaho Know

The Wheel In Ancient America ecessors in Middle America. It is

also well understood that many refinements and skills of the ancients were lost and were not transmitted to the warring tribes making up the Aztec

Confederation of Montezuma and the

New Empire of the Maya. It is quite

possible that in the long centuries between the golden eras of the Mayas,

Toltecs, and Olmecs, and the conquest of Mexico, a knowledge of the wheel was lost.

i i These Times ( Concluded from page 773 Earth,"Marx and Engels prepared the CHOICEoriginal BOOKS "fatherand-son"(1848) in Europe. combination "Communist Manifesto"TWO.... A rare

4 IT MAY CONCERN THEIRS IS THE KINGDOM after wars and revolutions, TO WHOMHPoday,

J. Ashton exemplified professed followers of Marx rule The impellingBy MarvinmessagesO. Ashtonand heartThe BeatitudesBy Wendellare

one sixth of the globe's land surface, warming stories that endeared the the lives of eight remarkable charin maintaining their power by terror and author to everyone are here preacters who played well their parts force where needs be. By mild, volunserved as a priceless and enduring in L. D. S. Church history. A rich

to to the people he loved contribution Church and Westtary water baptism, the followers of heritage

Price,Price, eraern literature.literature. $2.00.$2.00. and.nd understood.understood, Price,mce, ibJ.UU.$3.00.Joseph Smith have won about onehalf

of one percent of the numbers conFor yourself or for a friend, order now. See coupon, page 803.

trolled by Communism.

facts, of 1946, this ChristmasTThe 1186 South Main Telephone 7-7911 Salt Lake City 4. Utah

to indicate that it could be BOOKCRAFT seem much easier for a conquering doctrine to sweep our world than it was for

Christianity to emerge as the state religion of Rome. Will it be Marx or

Christ? Communism is a state religion

(sans God) in Russia, and more. Its

adherents would like to see it become the dogma of the world. Under such a

system, created by force, there can be no liberty.

\17hat era may yet unfold as we listen to the holy carol, "peace on earth"? The single doctrine upon which

all men of good will can voluntarily unite is the doctrine pronounced above by Brigham Young. Coupled with

Christian tolerance, lies the hope, too, that by our example, any intolerant bigots who would use freedom to enslave mayfreedom—respectsome day learn forthe lessonthe rightsof humanof Schedules "DcUty from

others to be different. Meantime, freedom must gird itself with physical, as well as moral might. Tolerance has to SALT LAKE CITY to the PACIFIC NORTHWEST

be strong to live with intolerance. Otherwise we may well anticipate holocaust instead of the carol. This means: Now, more schedules daily from Chicago to

4 BETTER CONNECTIONS Los Angeles and from Salt Lake City to the of can followers Smith, Joseph before. byTTLThat than ever Northwest Go FASTER SERVICE Pacific

local your Phone Christian prophet, highway. to demondo Go Greyhoundl

strate that Christ's way is superior to MORE CONVENIENCE Overland Greyhound Agent for full inforthe "party line"? The way to begin is LESS TRAVEL TIME mation and low fares to anywhere in America.

to convince ourselves of the validity of the angels'message and not flinch from OVER LAND:&:

that testimony live around ourmaking by Operated Operated by Int. firesides. Stages, G REYHDUNLINES D Union PacificChristmas Transit Lines Interstate

DECEMBER 1946 819 THE CHURCH MOVES ON (Continued from page 808) Institute of Religion for students atsion and in the California Mission. He

at of California tending the University is holds a master's degree and nowBerkeley Institute Berkeley. his doctorate at the working toward Commissioner of Education is institute/hurch of this The director new

University of California. Franklin L. West has appointed a native of Arizona, has filled a misGeorge T. Boyd as director of the sion in both the SpanishAmerican Mis- (Concluded on page 822)

Bodily, Harrison, row: C. Allen, Vahl Wilkinson, Bailard, Ninth W. Duane Winifred Avon Boyd Melvin THE MISSIONARY HOMEMISSIONARIES ENTERING

J. Joseph Victor Ernest C. Coy, McKay, W. Hess, Barker. 1946 OCTOBER 17, DEPARTING OCTOBER 7, AND E. Soren- E. Kimball, Chase, M. Andrew Maynard J. Flake, 0. Vowles, Fifth row: Robert Waldo John Almon

Beginning left to right, first row: Nora D. Brown, R. Richardson, Loran D. Stephenson, Oren G. Goodsen, Graham D. Hollingworth, Floyd K. Howell, C.

Floretta Humphries, Iris Swensen, Leland V. Bangerter, win, Richard A. Schmutz, Leo Syphus, Margaret Dwayne Ogzewalla, Calvin B. Fife.

L. Nichols, Alfred Tenth row: Ralph H. Hadley, B. Colton, diKnaphus, Marion Brooksby, Myrtle DonMarjorie Wood,

L. Driggs, Jones, J. Ralph Hansen, Don Virginia W. Petersen, Edna Wright, f.MaryAnderson,A. Hess, WesleyKate H.E.Murdock,Larsen, Wendellrector; Wilma Deta

G. Brunson, Lynn Boyd Earl J. Remington, Warren Larsen, H. Barlow, Murdock. GeorgeIrvil M. C.Bushman,Lichfield, Annie Fay Martha Myra

Bradeson, Anderson, D. Wallace Harley Hackett, N. Smith.Biernat, Myrtle Christiansen, row: Albert Sixth U. William Andrew,

Milner, R. R. McKinley, Kathryn Calvin Glen MacKay, J. D. Jack D. Halterman, Robert Maynes, Richard Merrill, Laura Tolman, H. Donald row: Second Beesley, Bryce H. Bateman, Oscar Kenneth Mc- W. B. Vanfleet, Knaphus, C. Earl George Bench, Andrew Blackham, G. L. R.Mary Lou King, SamuelHoward Conkie. S. E. Barrus, Lewis, Lester Delbert Holland, Kaye Edith Siebach, E. Hatch, Jane H.Branson, Hanna J. AlBurton Keith row: Eleventh Robinson, W. Critchfield. Potter, Birch, Bernice Juanita Norma Lillian Somers, Burt, Wight, Kathryn JaniceBrinton, S. Stanford, Vikland, brecht, Stephen Victor Per Paul

Crabtree, A. Cori- J. Scott row: Roper, Seventh Glen Thorley.Elaine Farnsworth, Robert E. B. Harris, Nixon, Robert Nelson, A. Reed Walter

Farr, Rasmussen, Donell Sprague, Twede, Kenneth Sprague, Eddan Lovell Lowell Third row: B. F. Barnes. Bennett, G. Thompson, Wallace Robert

Bodily, H. Arlene Jensen, CarlThompson, Pratt, George James Paula V.Ned Lucian Larsen Palmer, Paulward J. Orville row: Peterson, Smith, Twelfth Dale M.

Casperson, son, John Clover G. Guymon, Vera Helen W. Naida Cram, Maxine Westover, McRae,Velma J. H. D. PeterVest, Edwin Baumgarten, Rex Edward

I. Stevens, Pearl Cox. Bandley, Dorinne Golden Nowotny,Low, Barbara sen, H. Erickson, Fowler, R. Wilford Newell Samuel

V. Lowe.Barlow, Walter Lorin Bagley, row: Wiser, Eighth G. Bennion. Anderson, Wendell Kenneth Robert Max

Fourth row: Eberhard H. Berthold, Roy Smith, Glen Glen M. Marcusen, Verl Green, C. K. Allen, Frank Thirteenth row: Ross B. Taylor, Grant M. Reeder,

E. Hanks, Robert B. Miller, Paul L. Allen, Kenneth E. Fitts, George W. Paul, Jr., Joseph M. Vichweg, Vern Thacker, Darwin C. Christensen, Al Dean Wash-

A. Kartchner, Argyle Henrie, Ramona Price, Eva M. Loa Gene Curtis, Roma Jeppson, Ralph S. Ferrin, burn, Conrad Werner Featherstone, Dwight Percy

Hansen, Beverly J. Spry, Betty Jean Holman, Rebecca Eldon Corbridge, Darr Harward. Farnsworth.

MISSIONARIES ENTERING THE MISSIONARY HOME Fifth row: Garth S. Gayley, Axel F. Andreason, W. Lee Morrison, Jesse N. Benson, Kay Anderson,

SEPTEMBER 23, AND DEPARTING OCTOBER 2, 1946 RudolphB. Wright,H. Wolfgramm,Mary D. Wright,La ReeEdnaLunt,P.HortenseWolfgramm,LarStone,NormanMyrielE. Wright,J. Stone.Rulon Egelund, Lyman Stewart

first left right, row: to Eva from E. Ransch, Ashcroft, Reading R. Jensen, John HarRuel Kenneth Elaine Clyde, Calvin Marjorie G. Tenth row: Winn,

Morris, Beales, Beverly Elizabeth Jones, SidneyJohn Thompson. sen,mon Taylor, Bodine, Helen Adele Mechan, Van Wynona

B. director; Philips Colton, Fry, Merkley, Sixth row: Kohler, Dale Arva Alan MarionDon W. L. Shields, R. Ivan Richard Dyke, Grant Hansen,

Lucile Lillian Tate, B. Muir, Laurene May, Petterson, Glenna Leathan, Charlene Martha Ray B. Parker, G. Lloyd JohnAnderson, H. Douglas Lynne

Lundell, Lanyon. Pauline Jerry Earl Jenne, Elaine A. Reaux, Anderson, D. ston.

L. Parsons, G. Stringham, Richard Cope, Kenneth Parkin, Tanner, row: Earl Dorothy Barbara Second Clair row; Eleventh G. Anderson, Robert

L. Lindsay, Siebach. R. Willard Henry J. Harris, Hughes, Glad, Bryce Briggs, VaLoy LesterAnna O. Mortensen, Marvin Murphy, C. May Ada

Virginia Ivy Seventh row: Chapman, Wagstaff, S. L. Neerings, Hickenlooper,Catherine B. R. Caniel Orton, Geneve Jacobs, Gene Shumway, Hyde Don

Briscoe, R. White, C. Lambert, Mary James Wayne L. Patterson. O. Tuckett,Przybyla, F. lla Ruth Briggs. Mary Price, Allen Calvin Robinson, C. Cook,

Jr., F. Allison, Philipp Schmidt, Gale Vay Hammond,

E. Larsen, Third Thoros Thelda B. Gould, row: Kinley, Satchel, June row: Twelfth G. Wesley Rex E. Klinger, G. Freeman. Kay

Sessions, G. Nuttall, Margaret D.LaRue Criddle, V. Quentin Grace V. Hulet, D. Clarence C. James Harmon E. Davis, Eighth row. Briant William Hawkins,

J. Lenore Colleen Steed, Hansen,Mower, Bendixen, Onita Eva Braithwaite, Melvin Garth Kmetzsch, MauPatricia Turner, Pike, Leavitt, G. Norval Lawrence

F. Richards, F. L.Helen Musser, Lionel rice Reed Clawson. G. Blau, Cox. Soren James Drage, W. Jr., E. Larsen, R. Rigby, Ray, Fava Edward Norman

Fourth row: Lena F. Andreasen, Betty Young, Clarence 6. Judy, Reed S. Udall, Garth 0. Magnusson, Thirteenth row: R. G. Vincent, Melvin G. Criddle,

Leara Ashcraft, Delsa Harris Asay, Berniece Spears, Jack Ord. Leon Parkinson, Woodruff D. Rust, Kenneth D.

Lloyd Yeates Clawson, Douglas R. Jackson, Hattie Ninth row: N. Preston Olsen, Arlin L. Mecham, Wright, Larry Wilcox, Verl W. Cook, H. Taylor

Irene Nichols, James Day, Dennis Bradshaw. Bob Ord. Arthur Morin, Darrell T. Martin, Richard Beisinger.

820 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 3B \ RESPONSIBLE r"js |jj j| rjyAlj PBI "|Trills?;li|:pfiM in pJHE General of America is one

t-J of the nation's largest, strongest capital stock insurance companies. Its

ability to provide the ultimate in fire insurance protection is based on three major premises:

1j A "Preferred Risk"plan whereby only those properties which properly qualify as good risks are insured—bad risks are rejected.

O Active assistance to "Preferred Property"owners through an experienced inspection service to help reduce fire hazards.

*? Reducing "average loss"figures through

the triple protection of "Preferred Risk"policy, inspection service and effective business management to give policy holders maximum security at an overall saving of millions of dollars annually.

Your property may be eligible for this logical, responsible fire protection plan. Consult the GENERAL agent

in your community without obligation. iiTiiiiiajgsBWamagiatiiatiBiw

Commercial, industrial, residential, public and church properties are eligible jor "Preferred Risk"Insurance protection.

INSURANCE COMPANY OP

"THE CAPITAL STOCK COMPANY OF PREFERRED RISKS*

Horn* Offices; Seattle, Washington Agents Everywhere m H, K. DENT, President

DECEMBER 1946 821

(Concluded from page 820) THE CHURCH MOVES ON

MISSIONARIES WHO ENTERED THE MISSIONARY HOME SEPTEMBER 9, AND DEPARTED SEPTEMBER 19, 1946

left right, Reading from first row: R. Hodgson, Keith C. Poulsen, Norma C. Harold Regina R. Wade, F. Daren Germaine, C. Young, Thomas

Burton, lone Kimball, Brandt, Kearl, Hazel Green, Jarvis, Yvonne T. Arthur B. toAmy Kenneth J. John Howells, Connell Roberts, W. Melle, Harvey Dale

Robertson,Ruth Ivan K. Bruderer, ZollingKatherine Sterling Haynes, Nicolaysen. Pearson, Robert Bown, Fitzpatrick, A. Joseph A.

Allen, B. Genevieve Fifth Colton, director; row: Mary Tate, Marjorie Clegg, Victor Don D. Gwen Robert Ely, T. Carrol Barney, Austin W. Wood, John

L. Barrick,er,Kenneth R. Jacobs, Chariton Nelson, J. Nelson, Vida O. Eva Coombs, B. Liechty. Z. RichConrad Hansen,

B. Allen,Lenard Leroy Cyril Noble, Albert ard Nellie Mondfrans, Whatcott, Mondfrans, LeGrande row: Ninth L. Christensen, MonBurn- Kenneth Rex W.

Clarence Crandell, frans, Lon Harriet Richard Castleton, W. Rigby, ett, Joseph R. Y. WoodSmith, Lysle B. John L. C. Tuckfield, Dunn, Frank Norman

ard, Dorothy M. Tracy. R. Bybee, Piatt, Merkley, Guy L.L. H. V. Salisbury, Ross Deane Lorin H. Jenkins, Richard Folkerson, Don

Second Elsie row: Schloer, Marjie Burnside, Ida Smith, Hart, R. John Parker, Calvin Pace. Evans, H. Chester N.

Julia Carver, Baird, Lawrence, Maurine Myrle Hill. Reva Tenth Dixon, row: R. Roestenburg, Dwight C. Joe

ShirleyHardee, Sixth Hansen, Stoddard, R. Ellwyn Dee row: B. J. Betty Mitchell, Hannah Monson, Ellsworth Arnold Brown, E. Maas, Reed A. WatAnderson, Cecile Sutherland,Dona Clayton, Romney, John Melba Geneve Johnson, kins, A. Johnson, Clark, Wall, Richard R. Richard John Ray

J. J. Walser, Cluff,George Betty Galloway, T. Elmira Hart, K. Peter Franklin Jensen, Ellsworth, Ross RichStephen Hollis Hall, R. Smith, Donald Ordith D. W.G. AugustaL

Maralyn Jr., Olsen, ards, Harris. Hazel ElGeorge P. Marchant, P. Flake, Conrad Bourgeous.

Third row: Charles Bytheway, Donald Edvalson, win F. Cammack, Donald W. Adling, Conrad W. Eleventh row: David Egbert, Floyd Keith Hawkins,

Eyring, E.Robert C. Blaine Bolter, B. Schofield, Olson, Keith Maurice G. Berbert. Moulton, David John Barker, Montierth, Roy Aelcidean H. Kenneth M.

J. Bailey,Dale S. E. Parkin, Charles Isaksen, Martin Seventh row: Nelson, Gertrude Barker, Maxine Lund, AnKezerian, B. Sessions, Gale Harold David R.

Vernon L. Greenland, George Ray Clawson, Carol neva Galbraith, Neva Wright, Ruth Rockwood, Keith P. Clawson, Richard I. Ricks, Junius C. Ruesch.

Ogden, Oliver Glen Schow, VaLoy Hanney, Marinette R. Walker, Robert Callister, Lucretia Hart, Gordon Twelfth row: Lester D. Haymore, Jay D. Hansen,

Meibos, Mae Andersen, Flora A. Miles, John Schwendi- H. Flammer, Franklin N. Davis, A. Elmo Jyers, Rollo Vern L. Chapman, Floyd J. Herlin, Theodore Perry.

snann. W. Bickley, Dean S. Farnsworth, Mervyn S. Bennion, Thirteenth row: John Sidney Creager, Joseph Elroy

Fourth row: Edith M. Mullinger, Emma Jane Calvin D. Whatcott, Kenneth B. Done Jones, Lionell L. Myers, James O. Jensen, Mrs.

Schoenfeld, Baker, Hannah Eighth F. Carl row: Norman Ahem, Mortensen, Benjamin R. Wendell Eliza Smith, Roeine Jane Mrs. Elmer W.

Jr., Green,A. Cornell Ernest Carroll, LeRoi White, Robert Anderlin, Morris R. F. D. Young, MaxJr., Berry, James Clarence Smith, S.SamuelJensen, Dean Smith,

Liljenquist, S. Allred, Merrill Garth C. Veldon Wells, Budge, Francis KennethL. H. Stoddard, C. Finck. M. Flake, Wilford Campbell, Walch, Oscar M. W.

SARAH LOADER HOLMAN

( Continued from page 790 shape, and they were able to make summit, he began to wave his arms and for the entire Loader family. The deep their beds inside. shout that help was at hand. All who

snow made travel extremely slow, so Toward evening a man staggered up were able came out of their tents and it was an act of Providence when a man to their tent to see how they were, and started out to meet the drivers. Men

with a wagon came along and took the fell headlong to the ground. They fell on each other, kissed and shouted

young Jaques couple and the new baby dragged him inside and wrapped him for joy. Women and children cried.

on with him. The four younger girls as best they could, and then crawled This was indeed a resurrection. Soon

and their sick mother had to take care into their own beds to await death. To frozen loaves of bread were tossed out

of themselves from this point on. The a girl twelve, this was a horrible to the starving pioneers, and in the

main company followed up the Sweetthought, but it seemed inevitable. Durterms of Sarah Loader, "Nothing ever

water River in Wyoming, and the cold ing the night the man died, and the next tasted so good before or since."

continued. During the last nine days morning hardly enough strong men reWith the food came hope, and the

that there was any food, they had onemained to dig the usual shallow grave. next morning they loaded the sick and

fourth pound of flour each, daily—their During the day Mother Loader tore the weakest into the wagons, and cononly nourishment—then all was gone. some rawhide from the framework of tinued westward. The four children,

That night eighteen people died, and the cart and boiled it, and gave the hot still pulling their handcart with their they had to build a fire to soften the water to her children to drink; then she few belongings, trudged behind. The

frozen ground in order to dig graves urged them to get up. But, too cold, mother was now riding in a wagon.

deep enough in which to bury the the two older girls refused, when in a Each day they would meet more help, bodies. desperate effort to rouse them, the mothand just before reaching Salt Lake City,

The company pushed on at a snail's er started to dance a jig; she slipped the children were picked up. They

pace for three days more. Word had and fell, and rolled on them. This made abandoned the handcart which had carcome that wagons of food were on the the smaller girls laugh, and soon they ried all their earthly possessions for

way from Salt Lake City, where ingot up. With a little more urging the over a thousand miles across the pioneer

formation had previously arrived of other girls also arose. trail, and rode into the valley in comtheir plight. At Martin's Hollow, named parative comfort, where they arrived

after the leader of the company, they Qne man from the company volunthe last of November.gave up trying to go on. The Loader teered to climb to the top of the Perhaps Ezra Meeker was right when

tent had been soaked in the river while next hill to see if he could see the reshe said of the pioneers, "The weak crossing, so the four children had to cue wagons coming. When he redied, and the cowards turned back."

hold it up by four corners while the turned, the despair on his face anOut of the six hundred and twenty, mother tried to drive pegs into the swered the one question on every lip. death had taken almost onethird of the

frozen ground. Finally they gave up, Toward evening he felt strong enough company in the last month of the trip.

but the tent had frozen partly into to try it again. Upon reaching the ( Concluded on page 824

822 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA see "Harvester Farm"Contour plowing better land for use THE NEXT TIME YOU'RE is included among the approved many porIN CHICAGO AT MUSEUM practices farm trayed at "Harvester Farm."RememOF SCIENCE AND INDUSTRY

land is ber, your..keep security. your layer IN JACKSON PARK precious that

of topsoil.

THAT COMPLETELY MODERN, mechanized farm you've champion The fully analways wanted to inspect at close range is now on yearHolstein, breathes, imated,... indoors, where the summer is milked by an round view in Chicago and

International Harsun shines every day! It's "Harvester Farm,"constructed

vester milker. Construction of the five by International Harvester as a permanent exhibit of the

cows required the Museum of Science and Industry. craftsmanskillful

ship of a master There's inspiration for farm wives inside the charming taxidermist.

Colonial farmhouse. Designed from the expressed preferGood farmers ences of farm families throughout the country, this house

take everywhere for has a neat, efficient kitchen with every modern convenpride in caring their equipment... ience, including the latest type of home refrigeration.

Here, the machine protects such shed the At the end of the walk is the big white barn that houses as IH products grain drill, hammer the five most productive breeds of dairy cattle. In the spicspreader. mill and

fields are a andspan milk house every milkhandling operation is In the tractor, Farmall I f - prodone with sanitary, laborsaving equipment. Other farm p I o w, se

pelled combine,and forge, etc.—are baler. buildings—workshop, brooder house, pickup

found on "Harvester Farm"just the way you'd like them on your place.

These are only the high points of this exhibit, in which the farm fields seem to stretch to the far horizon. Plan to

Write Museum of see it—57th Street, Jackson Park—when visiting Chicago.

Science and Industry, Chicago 3 7, III.,

>;. bookletfor illustrateddescribing International Harvester Company

"Harvester Farm"180 North Michigan Avenue Chicago 1, Illinois

I HARVESTE fi INTERNATiO DECEMBER 1946 823 SARAH LOADER HOLMAN {Concluded from page 822) rich?"she was asked, and she replied,

Sarah Loader's hardships were not "Anyone who could eat all the bread

CCOMPLISHMENT over yet, for the family had to separate he wanted each day was considered shouldCAalways be the result and each work for a living. Later she rich."

when energy is expended. went with a married sister and family On the night in February when I

Yet, like a dizzily spinning to Snake River valley in Idaho, where heard her story, Sarah Loader Holman top, many businesses go she was soon married and built what was living in a substantial, comfort- 'round in the preparation of was said to be the first house in the able home. Within a few miles were

advertising and get nowhere. state to have a wooden roof. her nine children, sixtyeight grandMonth after month, the same When asked if they suffered much children, and ninetyfive greatgrand-

said, state, in she pioneering all the children, respected are of new whom thing happens again and litwere citizens. poor, and "Oh, some her some were a Surely dream

is nothing again and accomlove, tle girl of twelve come had true—when plished but the expenditure of rich."her. security, enveloped peace as being consider and did you "Whom dollars that could to be made

produce results. The function

of a printing organization today is to help clients to plan THE STAFF OF LIFE printing that builds sales (Concluded from page 784) The Lord says, this revelation is to it, take copy and dramatize make it so irresistibly attracour health all to this. We can point... the word of wisdom, showing forth

tive that it must naturally with pride to our educational statisthe order and will of God in the temporal draw the reader's attention. tics; we may quote our health statissalvation of all saints in the last days

The waste of which we speak tics; we may name numerous athGiven for a principle with promise, adapted

is often due to lack of underletes. But this is not enough. to the capacity of the weak and the weakest

standing. Realization of this of all saints, who are or can be called

has made us sales minded. HpHE "Mormon"people have made saints. (D. & C. 89: 2, 3.)

Your selling problem is our an enviable record because they Mills produce only two percent problem, our experience and liquor and abstained from have flour. In other words wheat towhole in puts us a position to print kept bacco. be if we we What might of the populapercent ninetyeight

it sales your story that so will get results. the whole Word of Wisdom! Faction deprives itself of full flavor,

tors that help us obey the sections of vitamins, and minerals. We have

the revelation about liquor and tobeen so commercialized and so afbacco are the immediate bodily effected by advertising that we have

The Deseret News nothingfects as ofwellthe asexpensethe stench,and slavery.to say beencrowd lulleddoes. intoAt breakfast,using whatthe imthe

with the adin accordance Eating of should portant item be a bowl Press and vice food is so simple, about of the cereal instead grain all whole

Creators of Distinctive that happens is that we feel normal devitalized "stuff"served in most

PrintingBinding and well. If every time we didn't homes. Even the foods that are said

eat enough grain during the day to to be "enriched"contain but a small

Phone 4-5521 equal "the staff of life"and ate inpercentage of the precious elements 29 Richards Street sufficient amounts of "wholesome removed in preparation for the marSalt Lake City, Utah herbs"which the Lord says he "hath ket. At noon the important item

ordained for the constitution, nature could be whole wheat bread for and use of man,"and "the fruit of sandwiches. Whole wheat toast is

the vine, that which yieldeth fruit, excellent nibbling. Dinner should

whether in the ground or above the stress vegetables. When fruit is in

ground,"we had immediate noticeseason, it can be fifty percent of a able effects, perhaps we could keep meal or more, especially during the quarter of a watermelon, of peaches large bowls SAYS theseI havesectionsbeen ofrebelliousthe law whenmore easily.I have summer.a cantaloup,A

"Recently the Mining Newmoni of the nation's Company, larger become ill and blamed the Lord beor berries served with whole wheat one mining companies. announced its cause I "kept the Word of Wisdom"bread and butter make the best posintention of developing certain mineral ground I did not smoke or drink. Now sible dessert. courage morein Utah.outsideWe shouldcapital ento since

of in development take a hand our I know better. It will be hard for me Our values have become twisted.

resources. For ore each dollar of produced, 90c stays in Utah."to live above years and years of careWe think little of paying two dolless eating habits, but I am hoping lars for a roast but we complain

because I am now learning to obey about paying three dollars a bushel > this law to the fullest possible extent, for peaches, or four dollars a hunthat I will live to fill the measure of dred pounds for potatoes, etc. If we

my creation; that when my time are to keep the Word of Wisdom

quietly—notcomes the Lordhave canto rescuecall meme homefrom weandmustobtainbuythewisely,promisedcook carefully,blessings

some painfilled death that makes us and eat objectively and enjoyably

METAL MINING INDUSTRY acutely aware of the fact that death all the different foods provided by

OF UTAH is a blessing. a wise Heavenly Parent for our use.

624 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Menace of Moderation

(Continued from page 783) IQOl THROUGH WAR AND First Drinks Decisive

A s reported in The Christian Century PEACE, PROSPERITY tests several years ago, laboratory conducted the Chicago by Motor Club AND DEPRESSION proved conclusively that it is the drinks the drivers do not feel which are the most harmful. In experiments, two ex-... through 45 years, Bennett's

perienced and responsible drivers were chemists and color experts consubjected to tests before and after drinking two mint juleps. Neither manitinually have been on the alert,

fested any sign of intoxication. Acuteand many times have pioneered

ness of vision, reaction time, handeye coordination, and judgment of distance the field, to bring the very new and speed were measured under conin the paint industry, in Benditions closely resembling those of actual driving. As a consequence of two nett's paint you always receive

small drinks—very moderate indulgence the best, and back of it stands—one man's score for efficiency was

reduced by thirtyone percent and the a name known for honesty and other's by thirtynine percent. This was fairdealing

a sufficient reduction in each case to cause tragic accidents. Because it

makes a person both incompetent and irresponsible, moderate drinking is the greatest menace to life and limb on thehighways of the nation. 1946DEALERS AND BRANCHES

Dr. Haven Emerson writes: GS WEST FIRST SOUTH IN UTAH AND IDAHO

Alcohol should never be used at any time by persons carrying responsibility for the safety or life of others, or by those who are likely at any time to be called upon unexpectedly for maximum exertion, skill, or judgment. Such persons as locomotive engineers, sea captains, airplane pilots, chauffeurs, firemen, policemen, physicians, nurses,

lifeguards, and others similarly related to their fellows should avoid alcohol in all forms.

That is a judicious statement by an eminent member of the medical profession.

Alcohol and Vice

Second, it is an established fact that moderate drinking contributes to immorality. It is a principal cause of sexual promiscuity. As an aid in the seduction of innocent girls, it has a record

both notorious and shameful. Medical

authorities seem to disagree as to whether or not alcohol has aphrodisiac qualities. But there can be absolutely

no room for doubt that alcohol desensitizes conscience, lowers normal inhibitions, and diminishes the critical faculty. It therefore contributes directly to

sexual irresponsibility and immoral indulgence. Under the influence of alcohol in moderate amounts, people yield

to sexual temptations to they which national BIBLE PRESS not practisedwould they succumb if total abstinence. An outstanding auPublishers of Quality Bibles Since 1863 At Your Bookstore

{Concluded on page 826) DECEMBER 1946 825 THE MENACE OF MODERATION (Concluded from page 825) violence resulting from brawls in "beer ruin for literally millions. The conthority on public health, John W. joints."A visit to the police court of firmed addicts, than whom there are no

Churchman, stated the case realistically any city will provide a convincing more pitiful and depraved creatures on when he wrote: "Alcohol is the best demonstration of the potency of modearth, certainly are an omnipresent resalesman and procurer known, and is a erate drinking in producing lawlessminder that moderate drinking is a conconstant and essential stock in trade for ness. With a few "social"drinks under stant menace. The only way to avert

the promotion of prostitution."the belt, many men become mean, quarthat menace is for each person to purIn addition to the corrupting influrelsome, and belligerent. A large numsue a course of total abstinence.

ence on character in this connection, ber of the murders that are committed in Fifth, it is an established fact that alcohol has ruinous consequences for this nation annually are attributable to moderate drinking has an exceedingly the family. Much marital infidelity in the brutalizing influence of moderate detrimental influence on spiritual develsex relations is attributable directly to drinking upon certain types of personopment and religious achievement. Aftthe influence of moderate drinking. ality. er imbibing a few drinks some men beMuch of the "cruelty,"mental and come so coarse, profane, and even

physical, for which divorces are granted Alcoholics Once Moderate brutal that their conduct nullifies any starts here. And much of the venereal Drinkers pretensions to religion they might have

disease which afflicts our nation in "Courth, it is an established fact that made while sober. Because it drugs the

alarming proportions is due to alcohol. moderate drinking is likely to lead higher spiritual faculties, moderate

A high percentage of the victims have to chronic and acute alcoholism. While drinking renders a person progressively

been drinking when infected. In any relatively few moderate drinkers beincapable of elevated religious expericommunity the incidence of syphilis can come addicts, practically all addicts ence. The habitual drinker gradually

be closely correlated with the consumpwere at one time moderate drinkers, paralyzes his spiritual appetites and tion of alcohol in socalled moderation. who by the habitual use of the drug aspirations. Religious devotion, hard to

Third, it is an established fact that developed such a dependence upon it maintain under any circumstances, is moderate drinking is a principal cause that they were unable to stop using it. further handicapped. The moderate

of crime. The Federal Bureau of InThey are the "some men"—the 750,000 drinker never develops the spirit of convestigation testifies to that. Since temchronic alcoholics and the 3,000,000 secration, the moral influence, or the

perate indulgence in alcohol drugs the "excessive"drinkers—who Seagram's Christian leadership which he might

moral inhibitions, impairs reason and concedes should not drink. Some peohave attained had he practised total

judgment, and reduces the sense of reple are so constituted physically, abstinence.

sponsibility, it has been a notorious mentally, and emotionally that alcohol Moderate drinking is a menace. Let

accomplice in homicides. The newsfor them is irresistible. As a result modus recognize it as such and act accordpapers constantly publish reports of erate indulgence has proved the road to ingly.

One of the choicest books ever offered for giftgiving

JJ By Howard R. Driggs

Illustrated by William H. Jackson "Westward, America!

THE AUTHOR: As a boy in Utah, THE ARTIST: Civil war veteran, oxHoward R. Driggs picked up his first teamster to Utah, muleskinner to Los

lore pioneer real from Angeles, driving vaquero mustangs to relatives parents, and friends.pioneers—hisYears pioneer outstanding Omaha; an phoof scholastic and literary accomplishtographer; watercolorist of the first

ment passed until today Dr. Driggs, rank, in his late eighties William H.

one of the most distinguished of naJackson realized his greatest dream tive Utah savants, is a recognized auto paint the scenes he'd known and thority on pioneer history and the loved all his life. He worked until his

winning of the West, and is one of the hundredth year, honored as one of fathers of the American Pioneer Trails America's great artists.

Association.

WE HAVE THE COMPLETE REMAINING STOCK of the COLLECTORS AND PIONEER EDITIONS of this very beautiful book. It's a fastmoving dramatic narrative-—a thrilling story of

our American heritage... events and persons who made us a great nation. We are offering it for ONLY $5.00... a real bargain for a book cherished by everyone who owns it.

Our stock cannot last long, so—send us your order today.

DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple Street P. O. Box 958 Salt Lake City 10, Utah

Enclosed is $ Send me copies of "Westward America"at $5.00 each.

Name. Address

826 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Joseph Smith

(Continued from page 782) And as all have not faith, seek ye dili- f of wisanothergently words one and teach &n Steal loltbap #tft best of the books out yea,dom; seek ye

words of wisdom; seek learning, even by

study and also by faith. (D. & C. 88:118.)

It is a beautiful concept, for good books on history, and fine literary writings give us the great discoverers and interpreters of life. They

take us into an intellectual world and FROM lend themselves to our uses and give themselves joyfully to our comTHE FAMOUS HOOD RIVER VALLEY panionship. When we study the

history of the earlyday missionaries of the Church, we find them men ofbooks. Beginning with the Prophet Gift Packages

Joseph Smith himself, we find him GIANT HOLIDAY PEARS—10 to 14 Pears to the carton

again saying: REAL DELICIOUS APPLES—BUSHEL TO THE BOX

And set in order the churches, and study DELIVERED ANY PLACE IN THE U. S. A. BY EXPRESS

learn, acquainted becomeand and with all SENDER'S NAME ENCLOSED ON GIFT CARD tongues, with languages, books, andgood and people. (D. 6 C. 90:15.)

PEARS—$3.00 PER CARTON

offered at the prayer In the dediAPPLES—$5.00 PER BOX Kirtland, atcation of the temple

Ohio, March 27, 1836, are these words ROY WEBSTER ORCHARDS all that Father, grant, do thou Holy And HOOD RIVER, OREGON in this shall worship those house may who of the out be taught words of wisdom best JJToA S-C&Svfc S-go o(2o o-<2/& eQSo Zwa cSJjCTo 3"CS?/c> X&J/o o"-C2?/o

learning books, even that they and may seek by study, and also by faith, as thou hast said. (D. 6C. 109:14.)

His concept of government was clearly expressed from time to time,and he exemplified what the Italian The Quality calls, historian Ferrero sets forth that the Soap for which The doctrine supreme end of a state is neither riches nor power, but virtue. Government within the PARticular

soul of man every man acting right because it Housewives!

is right. Government is the loyalty

of each man's heart to the voice of

God. Superb are the words of the

Prophet when he says: 6O0GOS0000O9000000O9S&0O0GS

I concernverily unto say now, you And FIFTY for OVER YEARS HOTEL LANKERSHIM it is will that IPSE land, ing the of the laws my 7th i RROADWAY in treatment of Canker, Aids simple all things should to people observe do my RATES MODERATE

I sore throat them. Headquarters in Los S. whatsoever other minor Anoeles command mouth and L D.

R. Operator WISH0N FRANK irritations. throat is and that of the conland law H. which Manager BECKETT. And RAY

stitutional, supporting that principle of LOS ANGELES freedom in maintaining rights and privileges, TWO PERSONS - ONE CHARGE"belongs to all mankind, and is justifiable beHALLSSalt Lake REMEDYCity, Utah fore me. (D. & C. 98:4, 5.) SOB

Herein one finds the American doctrine of liberty, which had been predicted by the poet Milton ages before, when he said: "God is decreeAn excellent present for Christmas—

ing to begin some new and great and all the year! 12 Issues $2.00 period.''In their golden maturity of THE ERA

wisdom and strength, with a pro- {Concluded on page 828) DECEMBER 1946 827 THE LESTER JOSEPH SMITH

faith found in principle which <& body [Concluded from page 827) Let it never be forgotten that the rights of men ever rivaled, and which jR*S many of their sons have not compreno rightsforOurwhichof humanfathers,Americanature.theirhas contendedlips glowingare the

SPINET hended, our fathers began with God with the words of a faith that shames and human nature, founded this us today, called God to witness, and

America's finest government on truths which they told us not to forget. Today we have

is calling us to in its field... declared to be selfevident and diforgotten, and God

vine. With grandeur of concept, Jojudgment. If we could know again

seph Smith acclaims: the meaning of "American governit, as the ment"founders conceived

that ingovernments were We believe there could be in this no communism stituted for the of God benefit of man; and that he holds men accountable for their country—no evil and barbarous

acts in relation to them, both in making laws movement which if we do not watch and administering them, for the good and and overcome, it will destroy the safety of society. work of such men as Franklin,

believe that no government exist can We Washington, Jefferson, Hamilton, in peace, except such laws are framed and Lincoln. and that Understanding held inviolate as will secure to ineach

dividual the free exercise of conscience, the truth is almighty, the priesthood of

tection of life. (D. & C. 134:1, 2.) defender. God grant that we may MOW is the time to start right and control of property, and the proGod must become its interpreter and

those ten little fingers have faith in truth, for T'he American doctrine finds liberroaming over the keyboard obtained have a land we of promise, ty in the natural equality of men. a land... is choice which all other lands; above of a piano.... that And

conspiracy The of is today which land a the which hath Lord covenanted God piano should be the newwith should a land for be the inheritance me growing in the world, in our and Betsy Spinet. Ross Your (II of seed. 1:5.) Nephi my America, own is a conspiracy against children will its adore eyeliberty because it is a denial of Joseph Smith is the most majestic filling size... it will fit into

figure equality. of the equality age. The modern walked which underHe any room and harmonize talked in with lines and ushered doctrine our God is of liberty an and with any decor or color will day bring the the new which right. of equality Life liberty and are schemes. The practice peof kingdom earth. the upon God all We to men. common laws Just grow riods will be pleasure. rededicate must to ourselves the just of out living, righteous and

which is contained in the teachings thought:

of Christ our Lord. George William And now, remember the words of him

light life and of the world, who is the your

Curtis declared in an address in Redeemer, your Lord and your God. (D. DAYNES

1862: C. 10:70.) > MUSIC CD.

A Complete Music Store 4547 So. Main St., Salt Lake City 1

Convenient Terms Arranged THE EDITOR'S PAGE

{Concluded from page 779) to confer upon the Prophet Joseph we may well be earnestly grateful the authority of the priesthood and for the goodness of the Lord to us, directed him how the Church should and we may well show our gratitude be organized. This is God's work,

by honoring him and keeping his and this is the plan he has established commandments. to prepare us for eternal life in the

Let us not put away from us the eternal companionship of those we things of God. Let us retain in our love. I bear this witness to you in

homes the influence of prayer and of love and in kindness and with an thanksgiving, and let gratitude rise earnest desire that we may have joy to him who is the Author of our bein righteousness, and all find our ing and the Giver of all good. Let us place in the kingdom of our Father.

appreciate all these blessings, yes, May the Lord help us to apprebut not forget the Giver. Let him ciate our blessings and give evidence

know by the conduct of our lives that of it by our conduct in life, and in we appreciate him and all that we the end receive, at the hands of the enjoy. Master and through his voice, that

TEA GARDEN also makes This is the Church of Jesus Christ. welcome home: "Well done,"I

SYRUP JELLY MARMALADE It was he who called Joseph Smith humbly pray, in the name of Jesus

CRAPE JUICE to be a prophet, and sent his disciples Christ. Amen.

PRESIDENT SMITH AS SALESMAN

{Continued from page 781 Smith holds his high position in the letterpected a but was disappointed very Church today on account of his getting one. notmuch at

scrupulous observance of the gospel

Yes, he evidently looked for a letprinciples from his youth until the ter from Lucy while at Nephi, but it present time.

was not in the post office, and he was The next stopping place was Filldisappointed. more.

morning the salesmen were Next bill at Left Holden. 29. Sold one May

off to the south again. p.m. Fillmore for o'clock at five anMeet your local Met

Left Nephi for Juab at four twentyfive other traveling man I am acquainted with is (er ist reported Deutsch). The bridge there for breakfast. Solda.m. in time Got Insurance it is KOLOB at I don't think Juab crossing. a gone Father Coop.Levan Saw there. Had

river swelled it. probable. has been The to repair stop and and hadbreakdown by Agent... the bursting reservoir. of the Gunnison three Saw forLeft Scipio, o'clock Juab about

flock large today. of quail Gave exhibidust flying, blowing the a a gale, the wind and

states four Throughout mountain at of club tion the hotel. swinging sultry.weather from Met a number of men is the sign seal the KOLOB

Sevier county and had a very pleasant time friendly and competant insuranceof with them. Sevier River very high. Had The entries of the next few days service. One of our more than 300

is of fellow agents to bridge. to cross a townsman the to get water Gathinterest. are filled with human

... his yours acquaintance make of nice flowersered a bouquet on the hills. I shall exactly as they copy them in of interest the wise insurtoday at the the hotel playing guitar eveningSpent

accompaniment to Jim's flute. were written in the diary. ancereally planningpays. and protection that

May 28. Very pleasant day. Sold two May 30. Had all the strawberries I FIRE—THEFT—AUTOMOBILE

nice bills. Drove from Scipio to Holden. wanted for the first time this year. Sold CONTRACT BONDS—MARINE

Met Maynes there. Jim feels very good at two bills of goods. Had a pleasant chat

seeing somebody from home. The drive was with E. Olsen. Was pressed to go to a

quite a hard one—downhill and no brake. dance but stayed at the hotel while Jim

Beer was drunk this evening, but I refused. went. Had wagon repaired. Dislike the

Held a concert in the parlor, Maynes singthoughts of leaving this nice comfortable ing. Jim singing and flute. I played guitar place in the morning.

and harmonica. Bed hard—room small.

The next two days were spent at C 'D R P a R AT I D N about not The above comment the salesmen where Meadow en330 Judge Bldg. Phone 4-8451drinking served beer when it was their friends. with themselves at joyed

the hotel is significant. President [Continued on page 830)

Your engine needs

a cleanup, too

Utah Oil Refining Company

DECEMBER 1946 829 at the hotel. Had a PRESIDENT SMITH AS SALESMAN afternoonnumber of andcallers.evening

(Continued from page 829) come and see them. In the evening quite a On Monday, June 9th, the trip

in the parlor of people assembled crowd nine o'clock about 31. Left Fillmore May to Cedar, from of was Parowan made

Bro. to hear myself house and for James received very warmly Meadow. Was miles. of a distance twenty play. favorable quite impres- a bill of a Sold made Brother him Greenhalgh. by G.'sWe

goods. Met Sister Bennett; was invited to sion. They kept us playing until nearly Left Parowan at five twenty for Cedar.

twelve o'clock. Roads terribly rough. Weather hot and

trijoke dusty. sprung a on me about Had

1. School. to School Sunday June Went office telegraph mail. to the weekly Went

at called order to 10:47. promptly [This

at time evening. pleasant the in a Had

is of the which has an example rich humor bills of goods. hotel. three Sold

always been native with President GeorgeAS MAN EATS Albert Smith,] Went to afternoon meetThe journey from Cedar to Harafter meeting. Brother Bennett Received

I day, June 10th. the folks very kindly by all in Meadow. AND DRINKS ing. Was called on to speak. Visited mony ranch was undertaken next

bill there. for a Sold Kanara. Left Cedar that related to found them all. Wrote I am in that believe large measWe Left the by. got to and go Harmony Went to Lucy. eats drinks, ure, as a and man

at to Canyon. dusk Harmony go up Wc is food, he. so For nature has

for 2. Left about Kanosh June Meadow hire it; tried of a team to time had a hard fruits of the given and us sun

soil. These are priceless treasnine o'clock. Sold one bill. Left Kanosh but failed. One horse gave out but the

ures, conducive to health of for Milford at six thirty p.m., the wind other one kept going. Got to the ranch

body and mind. Besides these, blowing a gale. Saw a red fox. Arrived at of the bishop at ten o'clock and as dark

we need no stimulants. the Antelope Spring one hour after midas could be. Had to wake the folks up;

You who agree, will be internight. Found Owen and Harry there. Woke they gave us some supper and made us a

that delicious ested drink in a chat a them. with a had them up and Saw floor. the bed on

fruit. is grain from and made powder. with burned was boy who

delightful, this wholesome And on were salesmen up and The five left at for the Mil- o'clock Spring Welittle caffeine, contains no beverage next early their felt bright cold. cold the ford. and very It was James way narcotics. stimulants, other or

fields the much. around very to go Had they reached 1 2th to morning. June On of to millions is known FICGO

hail storm. into caught in a town. get Was think about sanely their people who outgoing of end Panaca, the

letter from It drink. food and is made of Received journey. treeripened roasted barley to think that and no I am A.good—theH. Wooley.folks Beginwon't

California figs. It is a boon to write me. Left Milford for Minersville; Left Terry's at daylight for Panaca with

noncoffee drinkers who admitforded the Beaver River; the ford is a very a hired team, mine in the stable resting.

rightly, tedly, enjoy a and at lunch. Brother kindly very took Received Springs and to good one. Sheep Drove

their drink hot with wholesome all the hill family. the is evening Baker's hollow, Spent road way and with The meals. can Wholesome FICGO

is thortrees. terrible to home. get rush music. is in a cedar of through groves Jim Jim as a be freely recommended

healthful drink for the whole Weather quite cold; a fire quite comfortable. oughly disgusted. Says he will never come

family. Made seventyfour miles in the twentyfour to Panaca again. Flies are bad. Very warm.

LEONARD H. BALLIF, President hours just past. Visitedgoods. Pleasedthe plungeto seebath.CharlesSold aRonnow.bill of

California Ficgo Company The journey continues, and the Left team at Terry's. Wrote to Lucy.

Los Angeles, California bills of goods are sold. Minersville Next day the return journey bewas reached on the 4th, where "a gan.

nice bill was sold."Next day the

team jogged on to Beaver, and here BreakfastedJune 13. Leftat SheepPanacaSprings.before Dineddaylight.at

George Albert was made happy Terry's. Team in good shape. Camped on

as he received four letters, posthe Mountain Meadows. No hay; had to

sibly all from his beloved Lucy. cut lucerne.

June 5. Leave Minersville at four thirtyJune 14. Left the Meadows at four

five for Beaver. Morning very cold. I arthirty. Crossed the Santa Clara River, water

looking volcano; ley. the hard Visited started. Ft. Visited Cameron. The

the place. piece of rocky worst over Drove place.! alreadyFort has been a beautiful Saw Tillie \&&s rived just in time to see Father. He had rushing. Camped for noon in Diamond valthe seems road sun on and sandy trip. The the canyons. Invited Barton. Reto go to

ceived four letters. Wrote to Lucy. to scorch the feet. It is simply terrible.

Arrived at St. George in the afternoon.

("N June 7th the travelers left Bea- /"Quarterly conference was being ver, still journeying southward.

held in St. George, and the two

Left Beaver about five o'clock a.m. for salesmen attended the meetings.

lot Incold. of Air very Paragoonah. Met for twice; to conference wine had Went

Spring. Passed the at dians Antelope

life. first in not time sacrament Water my

to Parowan. and through went Paragoonah here. to and good Lucy, Mother, Wrote

to carry more. Brother Marsden is no Had cherries. feast Girls of here F. D. a Had

trip. for the grain Paragoonah from early. looking. very Retired good

The following day, June 8th, was There is a touch of humor here.

Sunday, and the two salesmen atThe girls of St. George were very

tended both Sunday School and good looking, but George Albert remeeting in Parowan. tired early. He had his Lucy back

home. The next day the journey

Went to Sunday School and meeting. I

spoke in both places. Jim called from the northward was continued.

congregation after refusing. Spent the June 17. Left St. George at daylight, or

830 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PRESIDENT SMITH AS SALESMAN

fiveat o'clock. to Washington. Went Sold a bill of goods. Two days later they GtVC

bill. Startedone for Leeds and met Brother arrived at Manti.

Judd on the way. Sold him a nice bill onthe desert. Sold Leeds Coop. Got stung June 28. Left Manti after selling a bill. TRiBune

with a hornet. Went to Toquerville but Sold Ephraim Coop. Sold Spring City

got on the wrong road. Sold Toquerville Coop. Went to Mt. Pleasant and camped

the street. Went toCoop. Had a feast of raspberries. on Nephi. Got there ristmaslis morning. at one a.m. Sunday

June 18. Left Toquerville about nine

o'clock for Kanara. The road was very The last entry made during the

rough. Was quite ill when I got to Kanara; journey was written at Nephi the

had to rest for about two hours and felt betfollowing day, June 29th.

ter. On the way to Cedar saw two coyotes.

Shot at one but missed him. Spent the eveSlept until one o'clock. Went to meeting.

ning at the office in Cedar. Called on Uncle Jacob Bigler. Had some

strawberries at J. B.'s.

From Cedar the salesmen crossed * # * over the mountain to Panguitch, a The diary ends abruptly at this journey that occupied two days'time. point. There is no further word as

They left Panguitch for Marysvale to when the two'salesmen left Nephi, at noon on the 23rd. or how long it took them to reach

Left Panguitch at 12:45 p.m. for the home. One thing we do know, hownorth. Drove slowly until daylight. Got ever, and that is that George Albert

breakfast at Circleville. Had brake repaired; broke it on our way over. Got was anxious to be with his beloved

stuck in the mud at Marysvale and broke Lucy; and Jim, who had been homethe wagon tongue trying to get out. Had sick all along, did not let any grass

to put four horses on. Drove to a house for grow under the horses'feet on this

supper completely worn out. last leg of the journey of the salesOn June 25th the travelers reached men to join their families in Salt Lake The Salt Lake Tribune is

Richfield where George Albert sold City.

a gift that continues

every day throughout EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS (Concluded from page 801) is everchanging to fit the needs of the term of your gift ordinances performed may be in a the A. W. day.—/. subscription. News acdedicated,building properly whether

it has one or many towers, or has curately edited... the

none. cxil. aj the lA/ord of

It is really a glorious thought that world's finest features the any meet Church may emergen- \J\Ji5aotna Lommanament (.. home and community legitimate any demand,cy, any new

human aspiration by the use of ever- '"The revelation on the Word of service departments..

lasting gospel principles. It opens Wisdom states: "To be sent

the door to individual as well as to greeting; not by commandment or all are within the pages

Church progress; yet preserves the constraint, but by revelation and the

stability of the Churoh and its memword of wisdom, showing forth the of The Tribune.

bers. The experience of more than order and will of God in the temFor friend or for family,

a century shows that by gospel poral salvation of all saints in the truth every problem confronting hulast days."1 let The Salt Lake Tribmanity may be solved. This message was to be carried to une serve as your ChristSome people allow themselves to "... the council of high priests, asbe disturbed by new, often necessembled in Kirtland, and the church, mas gift.

2 butsary, applications of gospel prinand also the saints in Zion—

ciples. By brooding upon their not as a "commandment or restraint"

the spiritviews, of apostasy the bearers, but as a revelation may by their hearts.creep into A little forth the "will ik from showing God,

prayerful reflection will show that of God."

there has been no violation of basic The will of God is always a comlaw. In the steady growth and mandment to his faithful children. \ 1progress of the Church that is the Since the early days of the Church,

one thing that needs to be watched. the Word of Wisdom has been held

The Church in its growth employs with other commandments of the the unchanged principles underlyLord, to be binding upon the Church.

ing the gospel but applies them freeAll Church leaders have so looked ly in meeting the needs of any time upon the Lord's law of health.

or place. In its essence the gospel W.is unchanging; in its applications it "Ibid..JD. & C.89:189:2 / "xx

DECEMBER 1946 831 avid Ours yjouTTaae

HAWAIIAN SAINTS CONVENE

Hawaiian Mission Holds Auxiliary Conventions a finer boy living than Smith Shumway. He has set an example for others to follow. At present he is a counselor in

f\UE to the curtailment of activities, restriction of travel, interBlind Placement Center at Baltimore, Maryland. "Smithy,"as

** ruption of the supply service, the drafting of the young we call him, has a wonderful testimony of the Church. He has

fulfil for his has mission desire to Church. a great a He industries, auxiliaries the forces the into armed and war men

friend, Robert Mr. C. converted Dodd. Dodd, a and baptized years, suffered in in spite during the Mission Hawaiian the war

at blind therapist, the occupational with working an was fine the Saints the carried the loyal of under on work by direction of the mission president and a few missionaries. Dibble General Hospital where he and "Smithy"became very

friends. Hospital, at close Dibble General a patient While in the priesthood, a rejuvenation of activities about To bring

the Latterday Saint of group the presidency served in Smith AssociaSociety, Relief School, Mutual Improvement Sunday tion, Primary, and genealogy, a twoday convention was held at the hospital. Sincerely,

Adele Van Dyke four larger of the islands of the Hawaiian chain: (Signed) on each

States Mission Northern Molokai, Maui, Hawaii, and Kauai.

The Mutual Improvement Association convention was held -$- on Saturday evening, followed by an M.I.A. sponsored social.

Model meetings were presented and the cultural arts introduced. Static

instructions presented the All to the adapted plans and were "I'm terribly worried about my boss. He keeps talking to

situation, island possible aligned as with yet closely as the himself."

program set forth by the Church. "Oh, I wouldn't worry about that. Mine does the same thing.

The conventions were recently completed under the direcOnly he thinks that I'm listening."

tion of President and Sister Castle H. Murphy and the following supervisors of the various mission auxiliaries: Elder Kill or Cure

Max A. McBeth, Sunday School; Sister Gretta Croft, Y.W.

M.I.A.; Elder Kenneth R. Garrett, Y.M.M.I.A.; Sister Patty "What do you do for insomnia?"

S. Scott, Primary; Sister Piilani Needham, Relief Society; Sister "I read detective stories."

Alta M. Hunter, mission secretary and music director. "Does that put you to sleep?"

"No, but it makes me content to stay awake."

Dear Editors: A Rose by Any Name

was very impressed with the story, "To Fit the Burden,"by

I Olive Woolley Burt in the October issue of The Improve- "When I got out of college, the dean told me that there was ment Era. The people portrayed were so real. I only hope an opening in the world for me."

that everyone who reads the story will use the advice given "And did you find it?"

in it. "Yes, I'm in a hole right now."

field, nurse, prior to entering the mission army As an blind the with at Dibble Hospital; General thus worked amI No Hurry

very interested in the blind boys.... "Hello, doctor,"said the meek little man on the telephone,

There are a few Latterday Saint boys who gave their sight "I know you're busy, but if you're around this way, say a for their country. One in particular I would like to mention: week from next Tuesday drop into see my wife. She's just

Hyrum Smith Shumway of Lovell, Wyoming. There isn't dislocated her jaw and can't talk."

The entire graduating class of Honor Bees of Alpine Stake, American Fork, Utah. This group of girls had almost perfect attendance and one girl in particular, Zola Bennett, has a threeyear perfect attendance record.—Photograph by V. B. Wootton.

832 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA '"TRADITION 0* filM *

PORTLAND WOOLEN MILLS

PORTLAND 3, OREGON J*fc M M B*i> & <8J* "S"StM Jfk IP p/n/t J M"tf W

Wherever the Christmas story is told, there's a warming of the heart. In

crowded town or country home there comes a moment for rememberance:

the Star... the Shepherds... Wise men with their gifts; Mary...the

Manger where the Christ Child lay.

May the echo of His Word ring in every heart; His Light he in each home.

iav Peace take root and grow, healing the scars of hate and enmity in all the world!

jail Lafee.CHy /-titar

RETURN P0$TAGE;:.: GUARANTEED