I

Qreat for Holiday 'Parties!

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr. Serve them just as they

come from the big red 7\ ureomycin and terramycin with package... or with

vitamin B12 added to the food of cheese or spreads. Either

poultry and pigs greatly increases their rate of growth. way, or ANY way, delicious, golden - brown

Tfa person starts living at a high altiTown House Crackers are tude of say 14,000 feet above sea level, the number of. red corpuscles in the perfect answer to "what

the blood increases by about fifty perto serve"during the holiday cent. season.

"'he accordion is one of the modern musical instruments. In the late

eighteenth century a Chinese mouth organ was imported into Russia. A Danish scientist took the free reed of the

Chinese instrument and applied its principle to an organ which inspired a

German to make the first concertina, to which a keyboard was added by an

Austrian in 1822 to make an accordion.

"'he anaconda snake of South America is the thickest snake in the world with up to 2 feet thick in the middle when 25 feet long and weighing 200 pounds. The pythons of Malaya which

are more slender may exceed 30 feet in length.

"D'emale carp were used to decoy male fish in the United States early in fish culture. In China a male is tied

to a string and dropped in a stream where he is seized tenaciously by the females with their mouths. This permits the Chinese fisherman to get as

many as ten female carp at a time.

""\uring sleep the pulse rate of a person drops from 8 to 12 beats a minute, and the body temperature drops 5 to 7 F., while 527 muscles relax the body

breathes 6,525 times and 5.4 ounces

are lost in perspiration.

"D ody temperatures of animals and birds vary greatly, though birds usually have a higher temperature; large

birds and mammals of the same size about thehave temperature. same The Crackers lark,sparrow, and crow have a body purity TOM House

temperature of 111 F. The shrew, bat,

and mouse have around 96 F. The PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Pocatello Phoenix

elephant, the largest of the mammals, has the same temperature as the bat.

DECEMBER 1952 873 PROTECT OR REGAIN A NEW HORIZON FOR EUROPE

YOUR HEALTH with a P\uring 1952, the West German ReSPEED JUICER SWEDEN and. the public Empire of Japan by Dr. G. Homer Durham Juicer""World's Finest into back the clubhouse found their way

Efficient. Simple, peeling Fast, No Science Head of Political of least or of the the family nations—at Attractive, coring. required. plunger No University Department, of Utah of the family; portion western General to Clean. your viEasy Get Durable and

tamins the NATURAL way. Dwight D. Eisenhower laid aside his

uniform and his Nato command, donning the mufti of a presidential candidate. The Korean war continued parties—by means of TV, Westinghouse

into its third year, confusion and horror (and Betty Furness) and Philco—and

almost but not quite obscuring the UN saw and heard many prescriptions and ideal of making a stand in the world panaceas.

for the rule of law. Oil ceased to flow Wars and rumors of wars filled the

in oilrich Iran. Elsewhere the course earth. Beside the din, clamor, and

of the colonial revolution, of power bloodshed in Korea, war shook the earth politics, of shrieking propaganda, inin Malaya and IndoChina. The U.S.

cluding that heard in a U.S. presidential built a huge yearround base in the ice

campaign, served to fluster or even of Greenland. Evita Peron, coruler

drown the still small voice of conscience. of Argentina's seventeen millions, died

Exclusive pressing, Process no bruis-—no

longlife ing. with duty Egypt threw out King Farouk. Stalin to emerge as Argentina's secular patron Equipped heavy

Va h.p. General Electric motor. No greasing put the world further on nervous edge saint (at least temporarily), more powof bearings. Weight 34 lbs. by issuing a call for the nineteenth erful in death than life. To this, some

FULLY GUARANTEED congress of the Russian fanatic followers sought

FOR 1 YEAR Communist Party of to add religious status.

only $89.50 Bolsheviks—the first since By telegraph, the Vatican

Freight paid if prepaid—add state tax 1939—for October 1952. received an appeal for

first saintcongress, underbeatification and The GRIND YOUR OWN to ground, in Minsk, hood according met FLOUR AND CEREAL with nine members presrites of the Catholicthe ent, in the year 1898. faith. Elsewhere, airinto Fiftyfour years planes mounplowed later WITH A jetships flew called "an tains; what men Time

PRECISION underground gang of faster than sound—some

ELECTRIC amateur conspirators"had become "a living and some dying; men, women,

worldpowerful gang of ruthless proand far too many children all but

FLOUR fessionals."Meantime, on the little is- "flew"automobiles over highways deMILL land of Great Britain, at the edge of signed for the 20mph cruising speed of

the great Eurasian worldisland, the the 1925 Chevrolet. A friend reported

"Fresh ground flour wheat has United Kingdom got its second Queen that his 1952 Chrysler (180 horsepower), a flavor not Elizabeth. Canada had an oil boom, an with its "fire power,"accelerated up to

in flour found for stored any iron boom, and in general a big boom. 100 or 110 mph "pretty fast."Cadillac,

time. It dollars took, usually, horsepower, $1.04 192 content American with its not

greater that its year's Vitain the $1.00 or end, Thelengthpart ofof more, Canadian to buy toward announced

min "E"is lost summer of 1952. A Canadian motel, new model would be increased to after a week

grinding. The listed cost the 220. 1952, Frequently, Ameriduring would around gas bleaching

i...::: of a our lesser traveling commonly models, can $10.50 and new these at "$10.00"U.S.—something

to ed bothaddfor those experience equipped with highways, would twoway outmoded destroys also white and wholewheat flour vitamins. When

these vitamins, they cattleshoware fedno harmfulgrains withouteffects Cadillacs or Chevrolets with addresses pull around a truck or a 1939 jalopy to until they drop dead suddenly."(See south of the 49th parallel. Gromyko, pass, to crash headon with another

312.) "Science,"Vol. 104, No. 2701, P.

diforeign the Soviet vehicle the opposite coming from man in Two

Mill. H.P. Weight Number 1/3 MOTORHeavy-duty

assigned rection. foregoing to London. All of the office, was woo were part To lbs. $95.00. 90

Grinds flour, corn, rye; coarse, medium, the British towards Soviet markets and of the pageant of these times in 1952.

fine and very fine. away from the United States and Nato? But when the wreckage is pulled

ONE YEAR WARRANTY Aneurin Bevan continued to give Ameraway from this year, when the patient

Freight paid if prepaid—add state tax ican policy planners concern as his construction in the life of man can be IDEAL FOR XMAS GIFTS

Inquiries promptly answered powers seemed to wax within the ranks viewed with perspective (assuming, if of British socialism. Meanwhile, Mr. you like, Toynbee's view of history in

Health Appliance Co. Churchill's government's lifeexpectancy support of Joseph Smith's), it may be

230 West 1st North Logan, Utah was slipping away rapidly. American clear that the most important event of

PHONE 1420-W ears were curious to hear, during 1952, 1952 was the two months'visit to

Mr. Bevan argue, that only the British Europe of President David O. McKay,

on: information Please send me

Mill Juicer socialists have found "the way"to ninth President of the Church of Jesus Flour ( ) ( ) politics, stabilize society economics, with Saints. Christ of Latterday A number Name

sixty milfifty or freedom! of results Meanwhile in outliving and in human

Address lion Americans "attended"for the first look on that strategic peninsula of the

City & State..

I 1 time, the national nominating convenworld-island may be anticipated. Contions of the Democrat and Republican (Concluded on page 884)

874 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NO GIFT SO RICH! NO GIFT SO HELPFUL AS

GIVE YOUR CHILDREN COMPLETE SETS OF BOTH SERIES

I THE STORY OF OUR CHURCH for young iatterday saints

BOOK OF MORMON STORIES for young latterday saints

BIBLE STORIES for young latterday saints

By Emma Marr Petersen

Children will remember these true heartstirring stories long after reading them.

er Rich and beautiful, all three books are filled with scriptural lore of the Church

History, the Book of Mormon and the

Bible. Here are stories that will capture their interest and enhance their

appreciation of the gospel.

SJOO This available again! Now EACH renovel great Mormon

printed by popular demand.

Magnificent in its sweep, revealing, intense in appeal, unflagging in suspense. A A CHILD'S STORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON romance of beauty and depth IN FOUR VOLUMES

with a book...

centered that its strangetheme By Deta Petersen Neeley upon written superbly THE THE JOURNEY TO want PROMFor mothers epoch of American history—who

I their for Volume ISED LAND, stories of the Book of Mormon the march of the 'Mormon

Battalion. children. Here are four inspired volumes THE PRECIOUS LAND OF

in the true spirit of this great book, PROMISE, Volume II

will deHERITANCE, Volume approach The fictional

These L.D.S. THE members. TOIII SAVIOR COMES $3.00 carefullyderstand.light all preparedyoung for all children to unTHE LAND OF THEIR INbooks should be in every library. THE PROMISED LAND,

Volume IV

rfosiBi

, '9 t '**'<*.*..to -*"-.;...;:...

Contains fifty - four Evidences

Dr. Widtsoe's autobiography of the Divine Calling of Joseph

Many reviewers have hailed provides real reading enjoySmith, one of the greatest this It's for as century. a book the new of must prophets Heartwarming ment. huand that Here's com- a book new

It every library. Church of the record facts it's reli- a humble filled with morous, spiritual insight with bines

climaxes reyears of verify- "Restoration,"of many the gious and philosophy wisdom brevity of exbeauty and search presents sys- a all and doctrines that ing the he great leaders of the of one pracwith pression. Packed

tematic treatment the of eshe the and taught Church of Church. the livtical daily for wisdom

of Book book Mormon, true. by tablished are it ing, the presents cream

book. important The most of the which spoken word

historical and religious $2.50 the accompanies $1.50 weekly

events interestingly are hanthe of musical programs dled slant with fresh new a Organ. Choir Tabernacle and

authority noted on by The constancy of depth and the Referof thisBook Mormon. philosophy, ideal them make

'will in ences every found be spiritual for refreshment.

chapter.

$3.00 $2.50 1186BOOKCRAFTSOUTH MAINSALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAH

DECEMBER 1952 875 \Jfficial \Jrqan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, IMPROVEMENT MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF 'THE ERSTVOICE OF THE CHURCH'

Jke Lkufcn of

of oLaiiefaau faints r>J r*J r*J VOLUME 55 NUMBER 12 n-J Jjecembt 1952

Editors: DAVID 0. McKAY - JOHN A. WIDTSOE - RICHARD L. EVANS Jke C-over

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Editor: C. Managing JOSEPHSON MARBA heart does Whose soften at not the J. Manuscript Editor: - Research Editor: L. ELIZABETH MOFFITT ALBERT

sight little girl of a fullpraying? - JR. This Editor: ZOBELL, Family""Today's RUBY MORGAN

- Contributing Editors: is color G. ARCHIBALD picture BENNETT of the Lillian of H.HOMER DURHAM Salt work

- JR. HARRIS, FRANKLIN LEE NIBLEY HUGHF. A. PALMER It is City. Lake also reproduced in black

- B. - SPERRY SIDNEY CLAUDES. and the white poetry page, on 886. page - R. General Manager: ELBERT Associate B. CURTISPETERSEN Manager: S. REEDER BERTHA

Business Manager: JOHN D. GILES - Advertising Director: VERL F. SCOTT

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR

The Editor's Page The Wise Men From the East.President David O. McKay 888

Church Features

EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES

General Conference Section 901 50 North Main Street

Conditions in Church Encouraging—Prospects Bright Y.M.M.I.A. Offices, 50 North Main St.

David C\ McKay 901 Y.W.M.I.A. Offices, 40 North Main St.

An Invitation Stephen L Richards 904 Salt Lake City 1, Utah

Pray and with Faith Clark, Jr* 907...J, Reuben Always—Repentant,

Deceived Fielding Be Not Joseph Smith 909 tionCopyrightof the1952Youngby MutualMen's Funds,MutualInc.,Improvementa CorporaGeneral Conference Index..877 The Church Moves On 880 AssociationLatlerday Saints.of the ChurchAll rightsof Jesusreserved.ChristSubof

"Lovest Thou Me? Feed My Lambs,"Melchizedek Priesthood 968 scription price, $2.50 a year, in advance; foreign

Albert L. Zobell, Jr. 878 Presiding Bishopric's Page 970 subscriptions,single copy. $3.00 a year, in advance; 25c

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing

Special Features at1103,specialAct rateof Octoberof postage1917,providedauthorizedfor in Julysection2, 1918.

Once Santa Claus Was Thin... Louise Price Bell 891 ThesolicitedImprovementmanuscripts,Era butis notwelcomesresponsiblecontributions.for unWhat Shall Children Read? Marba C. Josephson 900 Allpostagemanuscriptsfor deliverymust beandaccompaniedreturn. by sufficient

The Spoken Word from Temple Square

Richard L. Evans 890, 956, 965 Change of Address

Exploring the for Universe, Franklin notice required days'of adTimes: change These Horizon for A New

dress. please include ordering change, a Fifteen When S. Harris, Jr Europe, 874 G. Homer Durham

slip issue of from a recent the magazine.

the Bookrack....873 On 960 address unless the be changes cannot Address made Today's Family address as well as the new one is included. old

Make a Pattern for Christmas, How Important is the "Family

F. Bernice 972 Pond Hour"for Youth? Rex A.

Let's Pull Have a Candy 974 Skidmore 976 National Advertising Representatives

EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

Russ Building ies, Poetry San Francisco, California

EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

Remembered Fragrance Dorothy C Robinson 892 Los 1324AngelesWilshire17, CaliforniaBlvd.

The Strangers Ted Harrison 894 SADLER AND SANGSTON ASSOCIATES

The New Song (Conclusion) Alice Morrey Bailey 896 New342 YorkMadison17, Ave.N. Y.

"As Unto IV Edith the Bow"—Part SONS 898 DAVIS & R Christiansen

St. 30 N. LaSalle

Sunset, S. Richardson Magdalene..884 Frontispiece, Mary, Illinois Chicago, Pansye H.

Poetry Page......886 Powell 887

Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations 876 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

CONFERENCE INDEX you buildbeforeor remodel your

FIREPLACE be sure you have complete SPEAKERS information about

Benson, Ezra Taft 941 Buehner, Carl W. 914

L. -928Christiansen, EIRay

Jr. 907 1he cfu/J&uetHeatClark, J. Reuben,

.916Cowley, Matthew Circulating Fireplacer,Abt W41f

L. 948Evans, Richard

Hunter, Milton R. 92 HEATFORM is scientifically built to proper angles

dimensions. andIsaacson, B. 930 Thorpe

smoke dome and heatIt consistscontrol ofdamper.firebox,throat, R. 913Ivins, Antoine

is perfect guide for masonry walls a HEATFORMKimball, Spencer W. 924

flue. to hearth from from It removes guesswork Oscar A.Kirkham, 932 fireplace construction.

Lee, B. Harold 912

firethe surround which air chambers HEATFORM 915Longden, John throat capture and circulate and upper box

R. 1 BruceMcConkie, 948 of heat throughout percentage the a large home

McKay, David O. 901, 952 formerly lost up the chimney.

McKay, Thomas E. 923 A finished HEATFORM fireplace costs but little more

Morris, George Q. 93 3 because it replaces materials and some labor necMoyle, Henry D. 934 essary to build the oldfashioned fireplace.

Petersen, Mark E. 9 1

Romney, Marion G. - 919

Richards, Stayner 910 Richards, Stephen L 904 Smith, Eldred G. 929

Smith, Joseph Fielding. 909

Sonne, Alma 940 Stapley, Delbert Leon 944 Wirthlin, Joseph L. 937

Young, Clifford E. - 946

Young, Levi Edgar 935 Young, S. Dilworth 927

HEATFORM Model "A"for traditional fireSERMON TITLES places.shows installationPhoto abovewith

side cool air inlets and, effifor greater heating Fielding Deceived Not (Joseph Smith)Be 909 ciency of and economy of (Eldred Smith) G. CheerBe Good 929 front the

R. Clean"(Bruce"Be McConkie) Ye 948 grille. air outlet warminstallation,

"Be Ye Doers of the Word"(EIRay L. Christiansen) 928 Side warm air outlets

"Be Ye Therefore Obedient"(John Longden) 915 may be used if preBe Yourself (Henry D. Moyle) 934 ferred.

Blessings Through Faithfulness (Delbert Leon Stapley) 1-944

Conditions in Church Encouraging—Prospects Bright (David O. McKay) 901, 952Faith—an Effective Weapon Against Wickedness in Men and Nations

(Harold B. Lee) 912

Faith Precedes the Miracle (Spencer W. Kimball) 924

God Intervenes in Human Affairs (Alma Sonne) 940

Gospel Embodies All Truth, The (George Q. Morris) 933

High Standards (Thomas E. McKay) 923

Invitation, An (Stephen L Richards) 904

Only Name Given Under Heaven, The (Milton R. Hunter) 921

Peace Table of the Savior (Joseph L. Wirthlin) 937

Power of Example, The (Carl W. Buehner) 914

Pray Always—Repentant and With Faith (J. Reuben Clark, Jr.) r. 907

Sacred Triangle, The (Matthew Cowley) 916 "Seek Ye Diligently"(Levi Edgar Young) 935 This attractive modern

Spiritual Blessings Overshadow Physical Privations (Ezra Taft Benson) 941 design corner fireplace is built around HEATFORM"Suffer Little Children"E. Petersen) (Mark 917 affording "S,"view

Sustain Authority Church (S. Dilworth Young) fire 927 Modelof front and from

side. either (Clifford Our Leaders E. Young) 946

fire front of If fromyou prefer view Priceless Most (Thorpe B. Isaacson) 930 ASustainingTestimony—Our sides, order and both

Forward, Evans)Time For Looking L. 948 A Possession,(Richard Model "M."

(Oscar the Lord A. Kirkham)To 932 Ye My Son—Seek

Tribute to President Richards) (Stayner David O. McKay 910 CustombuiltFuel Grates Screensare availand

Trust in the Lord (Marion G. Romney) 919 able for all models and

"Upon This Rock"(Antoine R. Ivins) 913 sizes.

Write for FREE 8-page folder NOTE: All of the General Authorities except Elders John A. Widtsoe and Albert E. and dealer nearest you

Bowen of the Council of the Twelve were in attendance at the conference. Both were—ORBook ofENCIOSE50 beautiful50e forinteriors(11 "x9")and fireplace36page

detained at home because of illness. Elder LeGrand Richards of the Council of the Twelve designs selected from our National Prize

addressed the "Church of the Air"and his talk will appear in the January issue of The Photo Contest.

Imrovement Era. Former President Oscar W. McConkie of the California Mission SUPERIOR FIREPLACE CO.

addressed the conference, and members of the First Presidency, Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin, Dept. IE 521 Dept. IE 521

and President William Noble Waite of the South Los Angeles Stake addressed the priestLos1708AngelesE. 15th 21,St. Calif. Baltimore601 North6, MarylandPoint Rd.

hood meeting. These addresses will be published in the Conference Report.

DECEMBER 1952 877 %BALDWINELECTRONIC ORGAN

THESE BALDWIN

DEALERS The General Superintendency of the Deseret Sunday School Union:

are ready to serve you Left to right: First Assistant General Superintendent David Lawrence

in your own vicinity. McKay, General Superintendent George R. Hill, and Second Assistant

Ask for a demonstration General Superintendent Lynn S. Richards.

UTAH "..Lovest Thou Me...? Feed My Lambs"

LOGAN by Albert L. Zobell Jr.

Cache Valley Music Co. RESEARCH EDITOR

1060 North Main one sits in the tabernacle, filled Deseret Sunday School Union, to aid

SALT LAKE CITY As to overflowing as it is at the semiin that divine call to "Feed my

PalmerWatkins-Clark L annual conferences of the Deseret lambs."

Music Company Sunday School Union, it is easy to beGeneral Superintendent George R.

60 East First South lieve that Jesus had such shepherds Hill who presides over this, the largest in mind when he said, of the auxiliary organizations of the

SOUTHERN UTAH & NEVADA to Simon Peter, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest Church (the membership at the close

J. W. McAllister thou me more than these? He saith unto of 1951 was 572,618), is a veteran of

St. George, Utah him, Yea, Lord; thou knowest that I love Sunday School endeavor. He has

thee. He saith unto him, Feed my lambs. served in many departments of the

(John 21:15.) Sunday School, and acted as ward

IDAHO So it was at the latest general Sunchorister both in Springville and in

BOISE day School conference, held Sunday Logan, Utah, and as superintendent

Boise Music & Appliance Co. evening, October 5, 1952. Earlier of the Logan Fifth Ward Sunday

211 North 8th Street in the day, as the General Authorities School. Stake Sunday School board

and general officers of the Church experience was his in both the Salt

IDAHO FALLS had been sustained at the concludLake and Cache stakes. He was apgeneral assistant as second pointed a change of the conference, ing session

R. Larsen George Superinto General superintendent. Elder A. Hamer made. been had Idaho Falls, Idaho

Reiser, currently presiding over the tendent George D. Pyper in 1934, as

REXBURG British Mission, first assistant to Genfirst assistant to General Superineral Superintendent George R. Hill tendent Milton Bennion in 1943, and

R. Larsen George since the fall of 1949, was released as as general superintendent in the fall 35 College Avenue

first assistant but retained on the of 1949. Earlier he had been a memgeneral board. In his stead Elder ber of the general boards of both the

Y.M.M.I.A., School and the Sunday was sustained Lawrence McKay MONTANA David position, herculean doing in the latter superinassistant general as first

BUTTE tendent. Elder McKay had served work among the Boy Scouts. (For

Len Waters Music Company as second assistant superintendent other details see The Improvement 119 North Main Street since 1949. Sustained as the new secEra, December 1949, 814 ft)

ond assistant general superintendent Elder David Lawrence McKay, who

BILLINGS was Elder Lynn S. Richards. Then has recently returned from the EuroLindamood Music Company at the Sunday School session that pean tour with his father, President

224 North Broadway evening, fifteen new members were David O. McKay, is also the product

added to the general board of the {Concluded on page 969) 878 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "It is with pride and pleasure that I can r highly recommend... the Baldwin

Electronic Organ... after a careful

study and investigation of many organs of different makes including the various pipe organs... our committee selected

the Baldwin Organ."

jiL?**t-

Music Supervisor of Teton County Schools,

Member of Teton Stake Presidency.

"The Baldwin Organ, Model 10...

purchased from you a year ago, has given us entire satisfaction, both as to performance and upkeep... fills all our

needs admirably."

Chairman Instrumental Music, Utah State Agricultural College

"Our young people enjoy playing the organ...it's easy to play... proven to

be very economical during the past two years since its

Bishop Santa Clara Ward installation."m

BALDWIN ELECTRONIC ORGANS

Model 5 Model 10

CINCINNATI 2, OHIOTHE BALDWIN PIANO COMPANY

BUILDERS OF: BALDWIN GRAND PIANOS HAMILTON VERTICAL AND GRAND PIANOS

ACROSONIC SPINET PIANOS BALDWIN ELECTRONIC ORGANS

DECEMBER 1952 879 THE MOVES

Events A Day To Day Chronology Of Church

the Seattle Stake from the Northwestern J An early morning Church welfare

September 1952 States Mission: Kirkland Ward, and * meeting was held.

Harbor, and Monroe, SedroWool- Oak of semiannual the 123rd Sessions Fielding Joseph Smith9 j President Seattle of ley branches. membership The continued conference in the of the of the Council Twelve

4943. Stake Spencer Elder is now W. generalTabernacle.dedicated the of chapel the Paul Ward,

of of the the Council Kimball TwelveMinidoka (Idaho) Stake. priesthoodbearers of 17,825 A total Assistant Richards, Stayner Elder and

Elder Alma Sonne, Assistant to the to the Twelve, were in charge of the were counted in the Tabernacle, on the

Council of the Twelve, dedicated the organization of the Tacoma Stake and grounds, and in adjacent buildings, durchapel of the Hartford (Conn.) Branch, the reorganization of the Seattle Stake. ing the priesthood session of the conEngland Mission.New evening. in addiference, held the In

first Hall, formerly Elder Loyal W.

eight tion, one hundred and between

Presito sustained succeed to the n According Yearbook9 of counselor, to it listening the were on thousand as president A. dent George Raymond American Churches, church memUniversity campus, Brigham Young

of Stake. Presithe Mt. (Utah) Loganbership in the States increased United wire special telephone been a had where

is of dent the president Logan Raymondthirtyfour percent between 1940 and installed.

L. Elders Temple. Beecher Asa and1950, while the population increased

fifteen percent. Church membership is Preston D. Alder sustained as counselors Other returned missionary and servnow listed as 88,673,000. Seventeen to President Hall. Released as second icemen's groups held their semiannual

churches had memberships exceeding counselor was Elder Charles Jenkins. reunions.

one million. The Church of Jesus Elder Stayner Richards, Assistant to The First Presidency announced the

Christ was the fifteenth of this number. the Council of the Twelve, dedicated the appointment of Elder LeRoy H. Duncan

This same source listed the average chapel of the Seattle Fourth Ward, as president of the South African Misnumber of members in a congregation Seattle (Washington) Stake. sion, succeeding President Evon P.

in the United States as 312. Wright. President Duncan filled a

President Bruce R. McConkie of the mission to South Africa from 1926 to

First Council of the Seventy announced, October 1952 1929. He has served as superintendent

First of the Centerville (Utah) Wardafter touring Society Relief annual conthe Southwest Indian MisIThe of School; as the a member Sundaysion, for the opened. ference Scheduled that some Indians four hundred

had been baptized during the first eight day were officers'and departmental South Davis Stake Sunday School board;

months of 1952, and "at least two hunmeetings, and a reception for stake and as president of the elders'quorum, as dred more Indians will be baptized bemission officers and board members. bishop of Centerville First Ward, and

fore the end of the year which will set since 1945, as president of the Davis an alltime record for the mission of O As the annual Relief Society conStake.

close, to a "ference drew it wassix hundred baptisms in one year."anThe First Presidency announced the for Relief that the site nounced the new

O O President Joseph Fielding Smith Society building had been approved appointment of Elder Charles V. Liljen-

"* of the Council of the Twelve deon the corner of Main Street and North quist as president of the Australian Mislivered the concluding L. D. S. address Temple Street. sion, succeeding President George A.

in the "Faith in Action"radio series Christensen who has already returned

Salt of to of the illness stakes because presidents Lake City and The 9of the National Broadcasting Company.

** filled wife. Liljenquist of his President to called bishops of wards wereHis subject was Right to "The Divine

Choose."a special preconference meeting this one fullterm mission to the Southern

Tacoma (Washington) Stake organmorning by the First Presidency. States, and two shortterm missions, one

ized with Elder Elvin E. Evans susThe one hundred twentythird semito the North Central States and the

tained as president and Elders Elijah annual general conference began in the other to the Northwestern States. Among

Dickson and Wayne Pierce McMullin Salt Lake Tabernacle, with all memthe Church positions he has filled are as counselors. Comprising the stake bers of the General Authorities in atthe following; president of the elders'

are the Bremerton, Olympia, Tacoma tendance except Elders John A. Widtsoe quorum and ward clerk in Twin Falls,

First, Second, and Third wards, and the and Albert E. Bowen of the Council Idaho; chairman of the genealogical

Chehalis, Port Orchard, and Shelton of the Twelve. Both were detained at committee, Salt Lake City Fourteenth

branches, all from the Seattle Stake; home because of illness. Ward, and a member of the bishopric

and the following units which were An evening meeting in the Taberof that ward. At this appointment he

taken from the Northwestern States nacle was held under the direction of was living in the Mountain View Ward,

Mission: Puyallup Ward, Buckley and the Presiding Bishopric. Here it was Hillside (Salt Lake City) Stake.

Auburn branches. This is stake numannounced that henceforth the term

ber 195 now functioning in the Church. "Adult members"of the Aaronic PriestElder LeGrand Richards of the

The membership of the Tacoma Stake hood would be dropped, in favor of 5 Council of the Twelve delivered is 3242. Remaining in the Seattle Stake "members over 21."These brethren the "Church of the Air"address over

are the Bellingham, Everett, Renton, would now be organized into their own the facilities of KSL and the Columbia

Seattle First, Second, Third, Fourth, quorums and given special activities. Broadcasting Company. His subject

Fifth, and Sixth wards from the old Returned missionary and servicemen's was "Choose You This Day Whom Ye organization. Four units were added to groups held their semiannual reunions. Will Serve."

880 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Hint for aHJUTLiLtOTLthe original

AUTOMATIC CLOTHES DRYER

3 'tStthefastes NOW MORE WONDERFUL WAN EVER!

New HiPower Exhaust System—eliminates lint

and moisture problems.

Exclusive HAMILTON LintControl - twice as efficient, easier than ever to clean!

Fluffdries the laundry fast as you wash it... in

the best drying weather ever made! Fastest dryer on

the market—and safe for even your fine wool blankets.

No harsh forcedair drying I Patented "Carrier

Current"drying floats clothes gently through warm, clean air.

Exclusive SUN-E-DAY Lamp sanitizes and gives clothes "outdoor"freshness STfUt... NO WORK FOR YOU I

NO STOOPING, STRETCHING, HEAVY LIFTING I Why wait another day for your HAMILTON?

NO FROZEN CLOTHES OR FINGERS! BRING YOUR HUSBAND IN FOR A DEMONSTRATION.

SEE YOUR LOCAL HAMILTON CLOTHES DRYER DEALER LISTED BELOW

PETERSON ELECTRICAL APPLIANCE CO MONTROSE'S 33 Federal Avenue, Logan

Boise, 31 Idaho Salt 5-7585 Bannock, Lake West 1st South, FURNITURE CityPhone PECKHAM'S CO

'. FURNITURE APPLIANCE BROWN'S CO 816 AND 1st East 32 North, UTAH Provo, APPLIANCE Utah COMPANY Falls, North, Idaho 1275 Idaho Hiway TAYLOR'S Street, Provo, Center STORE DEPARTMENT Utah West EQUIPMENT CO LAUNDRY HOME AND

J. Center, Kiesel, 24th Pocatello, East Idaho G. READ Utah 429 and Ogden, CO AND BROS.

Distributed by DESERET APPLIANCE DISTRIBUTORS INC.

142 SOUTH 5TH WEST - SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

DECEMBER 1952 881 The easiest way to shop for Christmas*H

This is even easier—and more effective—than a letter to

* to Santa... just fill out the coupon on the next page,

or send your gift list to Deseret Book, and we'll see that you receive your gift books (if order is received before

December 15) in plenty of time for Christmas giving.

We have a gift book for every member of the family. If

you don't see just what you want on these pages, send for our big Christmas catalog, or see the November Era.

Don't fight crowds and traffic this year... do your

shopping by mail at Deseret Book.

Church Books

of the collection a with the Church that will of answers given has Skousen 704. GREATER DIVIDENDS FROM exinspiring interesting and intensely it. all read who $1-75 benefit RELIGION leader. great of this periences

Gerrit dejong By FOR WITNESS GODNEW PROPHET THE OF 712. TEACHINGS coneach believed and sincerely III II, I, $2.50 Religion, Vols. &

$3.50 SMITH in JOSEPH dividends off""pays lived, sistently

Roberts B. H. By for acmotivation living, Smith Fielding for zest of Joseph by Compiled

developpersonal Prophthe I: Smith, and complishment, Joseph Vol. 708A. such on stand the Church Clarifying his readers makes of Dr. as dejong et, witness as God. a ment to the obligations politics, as matters

benefits. feel these of the famresponsibilities government, of the II: Book value Vol. The 708B.

interesting subof other scores ily, and for authe as witness a of Mormon THE BOOK 705. OF TEACHINGS jects. Indexed. Bible; of the integrity thenticity and SI.75 OF MORMON of Jesus the of Gospel truth the and

By William E. Berrett Christ.

speof Mormon's Vol. of the Book 708C. A study

philos-... religious to contribution cific II moreIll:evidences.A continuation of Vol.

of... message real the and ophy

$2.25 709. STANDARDS GOSPEL this great book.701. THE VOICE FORM

J. Grant Heber By $4.00DUST UNDERSTANDABLE 706. AN G. Durham Homer Compiled by $2.00 RELIGION Arranged by and Edited will every Church in home Members Widtsoe A. Dr. B. John Genet By Dee inwith speaks this that volume find

explorais easyto-read an book This understandable forcefulness and spired of Morcomplete BookThe problems questions and the into tion of contemthe problems on wisdom in doctrine story and...mon quesreligion. Such of and God life. porary

... is is form; What fascinating as readable, tions God?a "What

.. $2.25. TIMES the of 710. THE life? OF SIGNS of objective What the for both reading younggood

all and simply treated are hereafter?"Smith Fielding Joseph By adults.people and questioning the to aid completely. An of prophecies discussion fascinating A mind. to Recome. prophecies fulfilled and

edition. AFTER SEEKER SMITH, vised 112A. JOSEPH 707. PRAY TO AND HOW

$3.50702. OF TRUTH, RESTORATION PROPHET GOD OF $1.75 AWAKE STAY LEADER 711. LIFE GREAT A OF

$2.25 A. WidtsoeALL Dr. John THINGS By Skousen By Max $2.50 J. Grant) (Heber

life the of the consideration on new A this book, Smith Fielding start reading Joseph By once If you S. Hinckley Bryant leading a By Smith by Joseph Prophet In solving stop. to able be won't you books. of principlesFundamental Church of author L.D.S. President of seventh life the story The Elder prayer, of problems his own

as in gospel,the outlined a series of radio addresses.

703. PROPHECY AND

MODERN TIMES $1.75

By Cleon Skousen Of special interest in this book are* prophecies concerning the final war before | 6 the millennium and the second coming of Christ, with commentary and footnotes.

714. WRITINGS OF TO 713. THE WAY ON IN 716. SUNLIT ROB WILL A A MAN P. $4.00 PRATT PARLEY IMMORTALITY AND $3.00 $3.00 LAND GOD?715. $3.50 LIFE ETERNAL P. Robison Parker By Hunter R. Milton Dr. By Widtsoe A. Dr. Jr. John By Clark, /. Reuben By into delving book of new the Life Eternal - A for "The quest old age Man's autobiheartwarming The origin background the and is just one Material of Body"for assurance truth, an distinguished a of ography Filled tithing. of of the law subinteresting of the is many here death, after life of and tithstories man churchman on with many treated. are that jects A into focus brought sharply bits with Sprinkled science. vital of this ing, book containing many inbook scholarly new and the under sprightly of and wisdom isLatterday interest every to writpublished before never President of writing spired humor. Saint. leader. this great of ings Clark.

... order by mail at... There's a gift book for every purse and taste

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 882 Give a gift of books from Deseret Booh Children's Books

a*M cwt$W

rE* '

5 4'"'

718. CHILDREN'S FRIEND 719. THE GOLDEN 720. BORN TO TROT $2.75 721. WALT DISNEY'S

STORY BOOKS...$2.50 ea. CHRISTMAS BOOK....$1.50 By Marguerite Henry PETER PAN $1.50

picture Compiled best stories, Winner by the motion Newberry Medal From The poems action, Thrilling illustrated... beautifully high features Crampton and other from Gertrude

the Children's Friend Stories, songs, poems, ridspirited horses, a boy's as only the Disney studios magazine. Loads of good dies and things to do for courage, and the warm can do it... watch

reading 71 8A. Vol. andI good fun. picturesChristmasin.full. color. lots andof comradeshipther and son betweenare skillfullyfatheysmall openeyes thissparklebook.when

71 8B. Vol. II black and white. interwoven in this Newberry award winning

book. 722. RAND MeNALLY STORY BOOK CHILD'S STORY OF

CLOCK $1.25 THE BOOK OF MORMON

Teaches children to tell time with a By Deta Petersen Neeley story of the clock... Special Book comof Mormon A narrative

for children, five clock appeal-. has belowlittle

... to 724. the Vol. I—The Journey 717.BOOKBIBLE PICTURE ABC$1.75 partmentfascinatinging picture of reading hours books

By Elsie E. Egermeier fun for the younger children. 725. Vol.PromisedII—The LandPrecious Land of $1.75

Bible Stories for young 723. THE STORY OF OUR CHURCH.$3.00 Promise $1.75

people—from A for AnBy Emma Marr Petersen 726. Vol. Ill—The Land of Their

gels first to Inheritance $1.75 Zacchaeus explaining Z for Latterday book The

... fullbeautiful with in beliefs stories 727. Vol. Saint the interesting IV—The Savior Comes to the

color illustration. that children will love. Promised Land $1.75

New and Popula r Fiction and NonFiction

728. THE SILVER CHALICE $3.85 732. GOWN OF GLORY $3.75

Sligh Costain Turnbull Thomas Agnes By By to of the of the has given with he suLast Supper Cup "Happy God whom A story

... is told as perbly as Costain. sparing hand,is B. Thomas by enough"Rarely—much

perhaps once in a generation—comes the this is the theme of this fascinating novel

novel that captures the imagination... that turns from the problems of a fashionable

that recreates the life of a bygone era... city parish to the drama, humor, pathos and

that makes immediate and exciting the draadventure in the life of a minister of a matic battle behind the founding of the village church fifty years ago.

Christian religion.

729. THE HOUSES IN BETWEEN $3.95 733. A MAN CALLED PETER $3.75

By Howard Spring By Catherine Marshall

From the pomp of Victoria's reign to the The true story of a great modern minister of S. the Senate, of former Chaplain U. end World War

is It of a abidMarshall. trays record Peter a brilliant panoramaII, Howardof life Springin EnglandporDr.and

... written faith inspiring ing love by and and Europe.

his wife. Heartwarming in its human under730. GIANT $3.95 standing.

By Edna Ferber Edna Ferber's first novel in eight years is 734. BEYOND THE HIGH HIMALAYAS....$5.00

about Texas, and it's explosive. Book of By William O. Douglas

the selection. Club Month photographs the Illustrated with 42 by au-.jmk

full thor, color. in great 16 American A 731. $3.50 US THE SEA AROUND his to area an few where

Bachel L. Carson By tale of a go high adventure tellsAmericansof trips...

Winner of the 1952 National Book Award, in the great mountain passes and of unthis lucid book "introduces the human race forgettable people met along the hazardous to its true ancestral cradle—the ocean."way.

1 Please send the following books, numbers:

701 702 703 704 705 706 707 708A 708B 708C 709 710 711 712 712A 713 714 715 716 717 718A 718B 719 720 721 722 723 724 725 726

! Co, Name Deseret 727 728 729 730 731 732 733 734 Booh

Street or RFD 44 East South Temple -- Salt Lake City, Utah "WinflRIM City Zone State DECEMBER 1952 883.

These Times

(Concluded from page 874) sider Joel H. Johnson's words in this

perspective:

High on the mountaintop a banner is unfurled;

Ye nations, now look up; it waves to all

the world;...

His house shall there be reared, his glory to display;

And people shall be heard in distant lands to say, We'll now go up and serve the Lord/

Obey his truth, and learn his word.

For there we shall be taught the law that will go forth, With truth and wisdom fraught, to govern all the earth;...

At Berne, Switzerland, as consequence of this visit, a monumental edifice will rise bearing an inscription, "Holiness to the Lord."Here, in the more fundamental sense, men of Europe may one

day receive the spiritual impulse to learn "the law that will go forth, with truth and wisdom fraught,"not to the end of harsh control or dictation, "but that every man might speak in the name of God the Lord."(D. & C. 1:20.) The special Wicks Organ

and console designed for When the day comes that every man the Boston, American and woman without fear or trembling of Organists Convention. can speak freely and frankly in this

Details and price for this size manner, the record may be somewhat instrument gladly furnished. different from the record of these times.

To such tasks, the liberation of men's minds and enlarging them with pure $wTTY0U CAN OWN knowledge, one may look forward to f the new year with trust and confidence.

A WICKS PIPE ORGAN And after the earthquake a fire;... and

...from % 2,975 after19:12.)the fire a still small voice. (I Kings

here is the real thing at the price of imitations (DETAILS SUPPLIED ON REQUEST) SUNSET This is the opportunity to buy a magnificent WICKS

Vernon H. PIPE ORGAN, custombuilt by artistcraftsmen, and By Magdalene S. Richardson

Gararden Gate guaranteed to give lasting satisfaction. 98 Golden

Sometimes in the quiet of evening, Ave.

San Francisco 2, Worldfamous Wicks Organ tone, finest allelectric When the world seems standing still

California action, and superb cabinet designs in console and With bated breath, awaiting organ case, are yours—in this REAL pipe organ. TheThe sunsetgloriousovercolorsthe arrayedhill, there

Expert and personal service is available through Bring warmth and a glow to the heart;

also, of gratitude A feeling of being these Western Wicks Representatives. For this world a part.

Lynn Hansen Melvin W. Dunn Charles W. Allen These wondrous gifts of beauty

25 S. MacDonald 603 8th Ave. 10708 1st Ave., N.W. Bring the soul to its knee ofttimes,

Mesa, Arizona Salt Lake City 3, Utah Seattle 33, Washington And are given us to remember

Our Father, the Artist Divine.

Each one of us has a place here, is to that do. ours And a work

if it, his help seek have may we We Cfte WICKS ORGAN others, In turn, too. help may we

How wonderful if we can live so COMPANY That when our time comes to go,

PLEASE WRITE DEPT. IE Our lives may leave, at its sunset, WICKS A beautiful afterglow.

HIGHLAND,.. ILLINOIS DRGAMS

884 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA like best they/1

CONTOUR

...designed to fit, zippered Sll

mitered corners keep it in place all night. Regular, twin and

king sizes. 10 decorator shades.

SIESTA

...a brightly colored throw

for catnaps or extra warmthplaids Five mexicolor with color schemes SPORTSTER harmonize in every home..the robeand-case combination

everyone is asking for provides the additional comfort of two inflatable cushions.

Eight color combinations.

SNOSPUN Luxurious and practical... these two words '..exquisite, deepnapped, so

best describe the ideal gift, and these same words appropriate for every girl's hope are your best reasons for selecting blankets and robes chest. In bridal white and

by Wool O'The West. There's a blanket or robe from the 10 decorator shades.

famous Wool O'The West line to delight every member of your family this Christmas. If you haven't yet met the

Wool O'The West dealer in your community, send us a postal card for his name and address, and receive free your copy of the Wool O'The West "Blue Book of Fine Woolen Blankets and Robes."

PORTLAHD WOOLEN MILLS, Inc.

P. O. Box 2620-S, Portland 3, Oregon UJOOL CHEROBE CONTOUR

corners, mitered Zippered weight. extra K 'THE.soft and fluffy cozy warm without

shades. babysoft ties. Five flap and crib tackin ttfnqs In woo! are loomed *>V WEST

DECEMBER 1952 885.

TWO LETTERS

By H. Leon Whetten

wrote a letter home the other day—

I A boastful letter, tinted with conceit,

Perhaps to boost my ego, seeking some

Of praise or glory for the things I'd done.

NEW ENGLAND GIFT DECEMBER DAUGHTER Perhaps a bit too sure that through the days live the ways and I'd keep God my faith in By Eleanor Alletta Chaffee By Angelyn W. Wadley

I I'd taught righteousness that been Of fi have T something for you,"he said to NotIn eventhe deepthe starswinter skies, should. * the boy

On Christmas morning. So they wrapped Shone as brightly for me I said I'd stood temptation's urging pull

up warm; As your dark baby eyes. To smoke a cigaret or drink a sip

The grandson's eyes brimmed full with hope Of liquor with my buddies over there and joy; The bells from the churches Or do the things that, in this modern age,

It seemed to him the whole world was the Rang out sweet and clear Are fashionable to do, but which we're farm. But your cooing was music taught,

Kneedeep in snow they climbed up to the It thrilled me to hear. By laws of God and laws of cleanliness,

crest We should not do. I thought that I was

strongOf the costliest present hill (bluewhite at dawn, purple at The like the pine, could hold my head night) the gayest trimmed tree And, 'Neath its tree with a pineThere was the half bring branches Couldn't face the coming winds and waver joy Couldaloft—pressed to me. given You have

not. bright needle the sky, everyAgainst and

frost. fire, with sparkling diamondWith birthday that your time each AndIt than beautiful dreams, than was more reply Mother answer came, and made An near, draw Christmas And words; tender, through who, wayone The my gift for a I give thanks never kept that be andSomething might youth, ward precious each year. more Grown

lost, love shaped her with and wisdom, Had, of sight song theLike and remembered life, my birds. it to live should. as I strength given And me

breakfast to where back two wentThe gray smoke From the old brick chimney scrawled a "You've many reasons to be proud,"she welcoming line. said.

The boy's heart was wrapped snug in won- "You've stood the acid test of aching war der's cloak; And lived your righteous code—I knew you

Then and for always he thought, That tree would.

is mine! You're like the stately pine of which you

spoke.

But, careful now, my son, be careful lest

FAITH A wind may come and loosen up your roots

Before you realize what it has done.

By Hattie B. Maughan

"Be proud,"she said, "be proud of what

Laved is the land with winter's wet, you've done.

Soggy with snow and dew. But let not pride o'ershadow humbleness.

Beside this snowbank, Let not conceit or pride or selfesteem

Streaked with soot, Creep in and blind your eyes to seeing this

Brave snowdrops struggle through. SLEEPING DAFFODILS Eternal truth that lives and always will,

Humility makes great men greater still."

WHEN MARY STARTED By Marian Schroder Crothers

By Bessie Saunders Spencer INTothinshieldtightthemcoats fromof beigetheandwinter'sbrown,cold, CHRIST'S KIND OF CHRISTMAS

They sleep through dreamless hours of By Zelda Davis Howard started down to Bethlehem, time,When Mary

She must have looked with longing Close guarding beauty that they hold.

at her door. ''T'here is deep joy within my heart tored lilies the stem onRemembering * night I KNEW PEACE across rugs her floor. AND little handmadeAnd of that joy that began long ago Born

the heavens shed their most radiant By Caroline Eyring Miner WhenPerhaps the wideeyed children watched her light, go, of night to gloom when t came me the with all of Bethlehem brightened had And travelers depart, children do whenAs I gone, glow. filled faces withTheir wonderment hill. a all I walked alone upon and When

tinseled there were no Beneath "The Star"woe still, of life sound every was moment One

That left a memory within her heart. And in that quietness was morning born. pines

That instant when the day and night were And holly wreaths with candles, and mistleShe must have gazed at braided paths that one, toe, wound to His according calm, lines all was but were When and churches windows will, The hills, drouthat bush and sundrenched fulfil toUp things pulsing were muted And row. sizes in a and shapes darkened Of tree touched forlorn the Their purpose, no longer I was

to given will good that peace and I know that climbed boys small the trailsBeside light the been. I knew I had Wayfarer

around, That bursts the rosebud's sheath and sets earth

To sit and watch the long road to the sea. it free, To all men took root in that glorious day

The peace the sinner knows in his conAs the world was told of the Christ child's

I wonder if she felt a sudden chill, trite birth

A premonition as the low gate swung, And thricerepentant heart—it came to In a stablemanger on a bed of hay.

she would climb another road andThat me hill, The joy the blind man knew who gained For that great gift of life to the souls of us,

With her soul pierced and she no longer his sight How can we fail to keep Christ's kind of young. And walked beside the Man of Galilee. Christmas?

886 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA INFANT JESUS by Van rDyck

Mary

s he must have wondered that she could belong

To such a scene: the star, the stable birth,

The silent animals, the trampled earth,

The wise men, and the herald angels'song.

The memory within her heart was strong

To lift her far above all pain and worth,

The cruelty behind her neighbors'mirth

A treasured thought no covert sneer could wrong,

For she had been so proud (yet fearful lest

The strangers talk too much, the lyrical

Sweet voices wake the child upon her breast)-

So conscious of the blessed miracle

That nothing in life had power to dismay

One who had known the glory of that day!

by Pansye H. Powell

DECEMBER 1952 887 AMessaqes from, Pre$idw> F)avid QMcKau

"from mvhtffir

ow when Jesus was born in Bethlehem of

Judea in the days of Herod the king, behold, there came wise men from the east to Jerusalem,S3"Saying, Where is he that is born King of the Jews?

for we have seen his star in the east, and are come to worship him.

"When Herod the king had heard these things, he was troubled, and all Jerusalem with him.

"And when he had gathered all the chief priests and scribes of the people together, he demanded of them where Christ should be born.

"And they said unto him, In Bethlehem of Judea:

for thus it is written by the prophet...."(Matt. 2:1-5.)

I rejoice in association with men and women who believe in the literal, divine reality of Jesus the Christ, our Redeemer. I should like to express what I mean by

"literal, divine reality"by calling attention to two incidents:

The Apostles one day after the death and resurrection of their Lord were preaching in the temple, and the Sadducees and officers came and arrested them and put them in prison. The next day Peter and John were

brought before the high priests Annas and Caiaphas, some of the very men who had been the means of crucifying the Lord.

"And when they had set them in their midst they asked, [referring to the miracle which Peter and John had performed the day before by healing the impotent man at the gate] By what power, or by what name, have ye done this? "This is the stone which was set at nought of you

builders, which has become the head of the corner."

"Then Peter, filled with the Holy Ghost, said unto (Acts 4:7-11. Italics added.) And then, "neither is

them: Ye rulers of the people and elders of Israel, there salvation in any other, for there is none other

"If we this day be examined of the good deed done name under heaven given among men, whereby we to the impotent man, by what means he was made must be saved!"(Idem 12.)

whole; To Peter and to John, Christ, the Redeemer, was

"Be it known unto you all, and to all the people a reality. They had associated with him in the flesh;

of Israel, that by the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, they had sat in his company; they had seen his mirwhom ye crucified, whom God raised from the dead, acles; they had listened to his divine teachings, they

even by him doth this man stand before you whole. had stood by (John at least) when the Master was

888 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA nailed to the cross. They had associated with him for Here is another testimony, closer to us in time: "When

approximately forty days after his resurrection from the the light rested upon me I saw two Personages whose tomb. And now clothed with the power which the Lord brightness and glory defy all description, standing above

had given them, they faced the very men who had me in the air. One of them spake unto me, calling me

crucified their Redeemer and said: "By him whom thou by name, and said, pointing to the other: This is my

didst crucify is this man made whole?"(See Acts 4:10.) Beloved Son. Hear Him!"(Joseph Smith 2:17.) These

To them, Jesus was not an imaginary being; his life was are the words of Joseph Smith, the Prophet, who later,

not an idealism nor a mere mental conception, nor was with one of his associates added: "And now, after the

he merely a prophet and teacher. Jesus, the Christ, many testimonies which have been given of him, this is

I repeat, was a reality; he was indeed the very Son the testimony, last of all, which we give of him: That he

of God, the divine Redeemer of the world. lives! (Concluded on following page)

DECEMBER 1952 889 THE EDITOR'S PAGE

(Concluded from preceding page) have today the carnage, the bloodshed, the infamy "For we saw him, even on the right hand of God; that are so widely in evidence?

and we heard the voice bearing record that he is I will tell you what I am inclined to think: Many

the Only Begotten of the Father—who profess Christianity are accepting Christ as an

ethereal being and are inclined to look upon his "That by him, and through him, and of him, the teachings as impractical. They do not fully realize,,

worlds are and were created, and the inhabitants that before the world can be saved they must accept thereof are begotten sons and daughters unto God."

his teachings; they must walk in his ways as indi- (D. & C. 76:2224.) viduals and as nations; they must accept as a veritable

To him who accepts Jesus of Nazareth as the very truth his saying: "I am the light of the world,"

of believes his soul to with all Son God, him who is in reality the Son he was and (John 8:12)—for that lives today, that Jesus he can influence and of that of the world, in thus God, and the Redeemer

he does influence the world, to him who accepts this accepting him we, as individuals, must emulate his truth, Christ's personality, as well as his teachings, divine character, as closely as we can, by keeping becomes a literal reality. ourselves clean and unspotted from the sins of the

Regarding the acceptance of Jesus Christ as the world.

Redeemer, I read some years ago a statement more I rejoice in the knowledge that so many of our hopeful, I fear, than real: "The printing presses on sons who have gone forth into the Service possess

both sides of the sea are flooding the world with this testimony. I love these boys. I love the nation

books about the life and times of Jesus, and the they are called upon to defend and the principles result is he looms colossal before the eyes of the of everlasting truth and freedom, and when I see world. It is not simply the Church that sees him. our sons impressed with the testimony that Jesus

All men can see him now. He has broken out of Christ is their Savior and that he has appeared in

ecclesiastical circles; he walks through all the cities this dispensation with the gospel, which is the power

and lands."of God unto salvation, I thank God that they have a

Oh, if only that were true! If only that were desire so to influence their associates.

true! What a different world we should have today! The time has come when not only individuals

Do you think that if men everywhere accepted Christ but also nations must accept this truth: That Jesus

as the Prophet Joseph saw him and accepted him, is the Christ, the Son of God, and offers us the only as Peter and John saw him and accepted him when avenue to peace in this world and to the salvation of the chief Apostle hurled into the face of Annas and our souls.

Caiaphas the truth that "By his power whom thou God hasten the day when "every knee shall bow didst crucify is this man made whole"—do you think and every tongue confess that Jesus is the Christ"

that you would find in Christian communities the (see Philippians 2:1011), and when wise men everyevil allurements that entrap the feet of the young where will know and worship him for what he is:

and lead them from Christ? Do you think we should the Christ, the Son of God, our Savior.

sociation with a father he loves is quite different /ear and /aide Secvtritu withfrom athefatherkind heof personfears. Onwhotheis rearedother hand,in associationsome of

Richard L. Evans us feel too free from fear and may feel that we can

commit all manner of offenses, ultimately to be ""There are two extremes of attitude in which a man scolded a little, forgiven completely, and exalted magmay find himself and which have always proved nificently, without punishment or penalty. This attito be perilous. One is an overpowering sense of tude is as untenable as the one prompted by excesfear, conscience leading to a dull sive as it does and of security. other, sense the a false Many fear—and of security. false of our sense fears stem Some needless paralyzed with the a fear on been a man has

one hand or has been betrayed by overconfidence on from lack of faith: "Our doubts are traitors,"wrote

the other. The fact is that fear is often a worse Shakespeare, "and make us lose the good we oft

enemy than any tangible foe. And what is true of might win by fearing to attempt."1 Would that we

physical fear is likewise true in matters of mind and could outlaw unreasoning fear on the one hand, and spirit. A man may be held in check by a philosophy smug, false selfassurance on the other.*

founded on fear, but under such conditions he does *Revised.

not grow in essential qualities of character. Fear 'Shakespeare, Measure for Measure, Act I, sc. 4.

and threats may keep a person from the outward

TEMPLE SQUARE appearance of evil but at the same time impede his jL SpoLn Word"FROM progress in matters pertaining to the mind and spirit PRESENTED OVERSYSTEM,KSL ANDOCTOBERTHE COLUMBIA12, 1952 BROADCASTING of man. The kind of person who develops by asCopyright, 1952

890 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA i#&#& Once Santa Clans was THIN by Louise Price Bell

robes. By legend, St. Nicholas

was the "children's friend,"and it was with him that the practice of giftbearing to children on Christmas originated.

The legend of St. Nicholas was

brought to America by the Dutch and gradually became merged with the many Christmas customs of other nationalities here. But as St.

Nicholas, even in Clement Moore's day, he was still the tall, thin man masTinycard"Santa"of the elves189Q'swereas decoratorsdepicted onwhothisfestoonedChristknown in Europe. the eaves with icicles.

Moore's poem was originally:<--; titled, "A Visit from St. Nicholas,"credited with establishing Santa's

and the name "Santa Claus"apred coat, the result of a cartoon parently came from the efforts of during the Civil War in which he children to pronounce in English patriotically arrayed Santa in a the Dutch name Sant Nicholaas. red, white, and blue outfit.

Since then, the name "Santa Claus"Not until the early 1900's did has been universally adopted, alSanta begin to achieve the plumpthough he has also been variously ness and height of the figure we known as "Jolly Old St. Nicholas,"know today. As late as 1881 art-

"Father Christmas,""Mr. Whisists were still picturing a Santa

kers,"Christmas,"and "Old Man that resembled Jack Sprat more as the 1880's, Santa's figure was the /s /ote variations of foreign the scores of above. elongated one Santa. than he did Moore's

English name.

Today, on Christmas cards, in

thin in the public prints until the forms of Christmas products, Santa WhenclassicClement"TheMooreNightwroteBeforehis St. Nicholas remained tall and magazines, on billboards, and on all

Christmas"in 1822, he de1860's when a famous cartoonist is very nearly uniform in appearscribed Santa Claus almost exactly of the period, Thomas Nast, began ance. These delineations seem to

as Americans of all ages think of drawing Santa Claus on magazine represent almost exactly what both him today. He portrayed the legcovers and as book illustrations. children and adults imagine Santa

endary old gentleman as rolypoly, His conception was closely allied to look like.

broadfaced with merry dimples, to Moore's written description, altwinkling eyes, and cheeks like though still a long way from today's roses. "St. Nick,"wrote Moore, versions.

"was chubby and plump, merry, He was a short, pixielike figure, lively and quick, a right jolly old round and jolly looking, but still elf."hardly able to carry the huge bag

But reading of a Santa described of toys he is generally pictured in those terms must have been with today. Nevertheless, Nast's

puzzling to both parents and childrawings established a popular nodren of the 1820's. For the Santa tion of Santa that eventually led

to the presentday conception. of that era—and of many eras before then-—was a tall, angular felThe artist popularized not only

low whose only physical similarity the figure of Santa Claus, but also to Moore's image was his white many of the other practices with beard. which he is associated at ChristThis thin Santa Claus was a copy mas: building the toys in his North

of the European St. Nicholas who Pole workshop, keeping the records

was Bishop of Myra in the fourth of good and bad children, receivcentury. He was a tall, upright ing and answering their letters, and

man, usually pictured in his bishop's driving his reindeer. Nast is also recognizeGood oldhim.Santa of today as we all know and

DECEMBER 1952 891 flrctcrratvc &memt>er6%

by Dorothy Clapp Robinson

at little Susie eyes looked beside her suddenly calf Becky opened taking again bawled and The Becky sharing pillow bed. her with care Susie, was her and sat not up in who was Becky to waken What swung

that? She listened, trying to a big yellow cat; then she glanced her feet to the floor.

still the excitement rising in her. across the room to where the three "Ouch!"The floor was like a slab

There was no sound except the boys slept in one bed. Mama would of pure ice. She snatched her shoes

breathing of the other children. There have had the big boys, Jim, nine, and and stockings and thrusting them

was no feel of a new mother in the Bert, seven, sleeping in the loft, but between the covers lay down again.

house nor even their own comeback she, Becky, hadn't the heart. With The bed was soft and warm. She

father. Something tightened in her Papa gone it felt safer to be together; wished she needn't start the fire.

throat, and she swallowed hard. besides, all she had to do in the night "Shame on you, Becky Holmquist,"

"I can't believe it. I just can't was wake up and listen are they she scolded herself. "A big 'levenbelieve Heavenly Father would treat breathing right. With that stubborn yearold girl whining about the

us this way."cough, Danny should be in bed with weather and the work."Presently she

The sound that had awakened her her so she could keep him covered. reached down and without lifting the

came again. It was only the calf Danny's cough was another reacovers pulled on her stockings and

bawling for its breakfast. A cold son why they should have a mother shoes; then she slipped out of bed and

sun shining through the unblinded now. If Papa were here, he could reaching for an old jacket put it on

windows made Northern Lights of rock Danny and sing to him, but over her nightgown.

the thickly frosted panes. She snuglikely he wouldn't know any more It was light enough in the kitchen

gled back to the warmth of the covers. than she, Becky, what to do for him. that she didn't need the lamp. As

The storm was over, thank goodness, It would be mighty nice to have him she opened the range, she hoped it but at that you couldn't count on here, though. Doing without Mama wouldn't act stubborn again this

anything, not even the answering was bad enough, but doing without morning. Yesterday she had used

of a prayer. That came from living both of them was past telling. Not coal oil to start the fire and that was

in the hills, miles from the nearest that she meant to complain, but every one thing she had promised Papa neighbor. day since summer she had carried she would never, never do. No won-

"Circumstances alius cases,"Mama that prayer in her heart, and every der her prayers were not answered.

had once said, but she had also said, night since the leaves turned, and With stiff fingers she tried to shake "You needn't give in to circum: she knew Christmas was coming, she the ashes from the grate. Oh, dear. She

stances."She, Becky, wasn't giving had said an extra prayer that the tugged at the ash can, and when it

in to circumstances exactly, but she new mother would be here by today. yielded, a shower of ashes cascaded

was honor bound to give Heavenly She had even marked the days on the to the floor. Those on the grate

Father another chance. calendar. 'Course, she hadn't always.dropped through, and the kindling

"You could have until noon,"she kneeled but maybe Heavenly Father blazed up. With relief she laid on

temporized, "but Mama always said would overlook that, considering the more wood and replaced the lid.

it was bad business to wait until the weather. Not trusting herself to remember to

last minute. Something might hap- "Don't expect miracles,"was ancarry the ashes out later, she found

pen, like this storm. We should other thing Mama had said. Well an old pair of mittens, and balanchave had a mother before it started. she wasn't, exactly. She'd known ing the heavy pan she carried it across

I asked Papa before I did you, but Christmas was a busy time with the room, scattering ashes as she it didn't do any good. He just looked everyone asking for something, that went. She set it down by the door

at me for a long time, and his eyes was why she had started early and and tried to pull away the heavy got faraway looking, then he kissed an earth miracle could be managed. braided rug that was cushioned

me like he used to kiss Mama, and It didn't seem right to ask so special against the sill, but it was held tight in a week he was gone. 'Course,"for a mother, but she knew if there by frost. After stubborn resistance

she explained hastily, "he did get was a mother Papa would be here, the door creaked open, pushing the things in shape for us; and he told too. There was still time to get them rug before it. Grim winter rushed

me to remember we would never be here before noon if they had come in, making Becky snatch for her really alone, but that was weeks ago. as far as Jensen's before the storm, breath. Hurriedly she lifted the pan

Not that I mind the work, but things but since Heavenly Father made a through and closed the door.

is in an awful mess, and tomorrow business of answering prayers, he She crossed the leanto that served is Christmas."would likely have thought of that. as a porch and a shed and opening

892 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the outer door looked about in disIts misshapen branches were short, been scolding more and more lately.

may. Snow, hard and glistening, covand even the thick blanket of snow Here she was asking for favors, and

ered everything, even the path along did not hide their starkness, but she had enough against her without the clothesline they'd used in reachBecky remembered that in the spring getting cranky. There was bread to

ing the stable. How could a sleigh they were a mass of pink and white be mixed if the yeast wasn't frozen,

ever make it through such drifts? blossoms. They lasted such a little and the house had to be cleaned beIn by the fire again she warmed while, but their remembered frafore the folks got here—and the oather hands by the blaze. It was hard grance, Papa's words, lasted all winter. meal was all gone and what would

to still the chattering of her teeth Again she thought of Mama. Her she do about Danny?

but harder still to cling to the knowlbeauty, Papa had once said, was like Bert came in with an armload of edge that her prayer would be anthe blossoms, early passing but never wood. "Gee, it's cold out, and do

swered by noon. It just had to be. forgotten. Papa said some queer you know what? Jim walked on top

It took five trips before the ashes things sometimes. When she felt of the snow clean to the stable, and

were all swept up and the pan reshe could leave the fire, she returned there is an icicle on the corner of placed. Each trip dampened her to the kitchen. the house as big as a hoe handle. I'm

hopes for an immediate answer to Jim had taken the water from the going—."

her prayer, but she wasn't giving up. teakettle to warm mash for the cow. Jim walked on top of the snow.

By that time the stove needed more Hurriedly she looked in the reserJim walked on top of the snow. Sudwood. Bert hadn't filled the woodbox voir. Thank goodness! They would denly Becky wanted to run and laugh.

last night. Papa had chopped the be in a fix without water to thaw the That meant a sleigh could come right

wood before he left and had had the pump. She took a pan of milk from along. They would be here by noon.boys rick it inside the shed. There the cupboard and put it on the back She would have to hurry—hurry, but

was just one row left. of the stove. It was frozen and she was a big girl now. Last year

bulged in the center. at Christmas time she had been a

She had put her clothes to warm "Bert, get dressed and go help little girl waiting for Mama to tell dressed she door, andon the oven now to All be should she, Becky, ashamed have her what. You Jim. what was

first foot with standinghurriedly, one alone. the chores brother in your do cough, the night to do was had

in the oven. other the thenand When the box first, there and tucking right But fill wood was don't and Mama

carried her back nightgownshe filling again without her. go before to bed the to you the covers about Even

the bedroom, she was stopped short it. Susie, you are big enough to grass was green on the south slope

croak from a hoarse GoDanny.by yourself."dress to sleep there, they had put Mama

to put sheing her hand the bed

Susie's bright face puckered as she over. to take That had and she'd

seen his as sheagainst cheek had the cat been holding. dropped a 'levenyear-old she had part was all right,

this for It do. was too warmMama realized Becky she had With a pang (Continued on page 979)

icy room. "I'll have to build a fire in the heater,"she thought. "I can't have

him taking more cold. Maybe Papa

will be back before the wood is gone.

He's been gone too long now. Stay

in bed a little longer,"she warned, as the touch of her cold hand awakened Danny, but the four children were in the kitchen almost as soon as she was. Walking on the cold

floor started Danny's cough. Becky

brought a quilt and draping it over the high chair placed the boy inside

it. "This is awful 'stravagant,"she said aloud as she prepared to start the fire in the heater, "but it seems like I have to do it."The fire burned

quickly, but even a big blaze could not make much headway against the bitter cold that pierced the thick log walls.

While waiting for the fire Becky went to the front window and clearing a space of frost looked out. The

sun on the snow hurt her eyes. Drifts

along the pasture fence were higher than a man's head. A sleigh would

never get through without a miracle.

Between the house and the yard gate stood a small crab apple tree.

DECEMBER 1952 893 The Strangers

by Ted Harrison

the ninth month, of the twenty- "Hideo, your words are foolish, lage streets now, winding their way

Inthird year, of Emperor Showa, the even for a second son. Since the through waves of children, noodle

god of the harvest smiled on the Creator looked down from the raincarts, and roast chestnut vendors.

rice fields of Honshu; and in that bow of heaven, since Izunagi formed By night, cheap fireworks fizzled

month, as in a hundred generations these islands with his jewel spear, over the muddy river at the edge past, the people of our village heard this has been our land, our Japan! of town, and the autumn festival was

the chill voice of the great cold. With From the time our ancestors first heralded by the sound of drums and

each passing day it whispered louder came with the long sword and the bamboo flutes from the village square.

through the twisted pines that guard rice plant, they found good earth and A flood of brightly colored kimonos our humble homes. clear streams in this land of the pine surged out of sliding doors and down

Ever since older brother returned tree hills. In those times our peothe narrow lanternlighted streets.

from the war, we have worked tople planted the rice shoots with song Nobuo and I were swept along with gether in the fields, and this year till the Daimyo rulers saw the lands the crowd, with younger sister and there would be more sweet potatoes and treasures of other rulers. Then her wooden Geta clogs clopclopping

and rice than ever before. there were wars in the kingdom, with along behind us. As is the manner

It was a good time of year in fear behind every door, and the rice of unmarried girls, Miyoko had again

Narumi, and as Nobuo pumped the pots no longer boiled in the huts of this year spent her small savings on small flywheel pedal with his foot, I the villagers. an expensive new obi sash just for

fed rice shocks into the grinding "But our great Kami heard the the festival.

threshing machine's mouth. When prayers of the silent hearts, and there In the village square the high,

the wheel suddenly stopped, I thought was peace and song beribboned bamboo stage made its again—till—youthat Nobuo was tired, but the have all heard how the same winds annual appearance. And the bright

threshers in other fields were silent, that brought the first followers of robes and chalkwhitened faces of too. Then I saw the strange procesBuddha from Korea later blew across actors and singers, milled around

sion: two foreignlooking people folthe inland sea with war from that like a melting pot of colors on the

lowed by a group of curious people, 'Land of the morning freshness.'Each high platform.

crossing the creaky bridge and entertime the seeds of greed and anger At one pause in the endless and ing our town. have grown in the hearts of evil unrehearsed program, the excited

"It is so, Father, I saw the two tall rulers, clever words and new false voices of the crowds chorused even

Amerikajin while I was returning visions have led our people to sorrow. louder than the previous drumbeat

from school. They were carrying "My sons, my daughter, can you and chanting had been. Suddenly

their many possessions through the soon forget how many nights we we felt a wave of silence sweep streets like harvesttime servants."took shelter in the forest, and your through the vast crowd. Surprised, I

"Quiet, Daughter! Let Hideo finish own mother killed by a war plane's saw Nobuo unthinkingly try to spin

speaking, and take care that the bombs? Have you forgotten hunger himself around in the pressing throng

evening rice doesn't burn."and cold when our crops were taken, with the arm he no longer had,

They didn't wear uniforms or carry and there was no charcoal to cook and we both clearly heard the strange rifles, and they paid Shimozato San, our poor rations? Certainly Nobuo voice now.

the landowner, much yen to stay at remembers the islands of the great "Nihon No Minasoma, (People of his guesthouse. He told everyone sunrise, where the youth of Japan's Japan), we have a great message for

that they are Christian teachers from lost generation are buried, the islands you!"

America and will teach many strange where his arm was blown away. If Standing on the stone steps of

and wonderful things to the villagers. these strangers must now stay in the old temple, the two Amerikajin

There was a sudden silence that Narumi, let the family of Yamada towered over the crowd. The soft

filled our little home from the smoky Shotaro work hard in our fields and light of the lanterns cast a strange rafters and straw roof thatching to pay no heed to their foreign words."glow on their faces and seemed to

the cracking plaster walls and worn In the days that followed older flame up in the strawcolored hair strawmat floors. The flickering lampbrother and I saw the last bags of of the speaker. The audience was

light chased deep shadows across our rice placed in storehouse, and found silent; then, listening intently, we

aging father's face, and there was a time to view more leisurely the seaheard the words of our tongue oddly strange anger in his voice as he son of turning leaves. People moved pronounced but startling clear.

spoke. more rapidly through the narrow vil- "We are far from America and our

894 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA people tonight,"he began, "but we world with great teachings that could afterwards, but before departing, litare glad to be here in Narumi. We bring peace and joy to all who would tle sister with excited surprise pointed

are not great scholars or travelers hear. And Jesus who was born in out something that our eyes had

of the world, but we are unpaid mes- a humble stable, went forth performmissed on the first stranger. Despite

sengers with words of truth for this ing great miracles, but his faithful all the wealth of his faraway land, village and this nation. Our words followers were not many. Going this youthful person most surely had

sound strange to your ears, but the from place to place, he taught people lar.ge and poorly sewn patches on his

warm blood in our veins is just as the same eternal commandments of trouser leg and coat.

yours. You look at our faces, but God that we come to bring you. Little sister Miyoko and I talked,

as we hurried home, of the second teacher's words of the sacred history we could read, but older brother said nothing. One of the Amerikajin had

talked of being in the war, and I wondered what Nobuo with the shotaway arm was thinking.

The winter winds rattled into the innermost sliding paper doors now, and the public bath became the only warm place in Narumi. Falling

leaves huddled around the mosscovered stone lanterns in ancient gardens or fluttered down to the thin ice of lifeless goldfish ponds. This

was the time of thankfulness for a good harvest, and each house echoed the thump of the wooden mallet beating the steaming rice into Mochi cakes. This was the time of ripe

persimmon, tangerines, and sweetened bean cakes.

well—tillPerhaps thethingsangrywerevoicegoingof ourtoo

father one day called us all to the forbidding silence of the guest room.

"It is said,"he began, "that little daughter is among those who gather in the meeting hall on the seventh day to hear the words of the for-

: eigners.Jg

There was a long silence as we stared at the straw mat floor, and finally father asked even more loudly, "Tell us, Miyoko, what is this foolishness that you do to bring sorrow to me?"Holding back the tears, Miyoko pleaded, "The young men with the funny eyes came to our higher school, and they were very nice. All of

"It is said,"he began, "that little daughter is among those who the students were happy to hear about gather in the meeting hall on the seventh day to hear the words of the customs of their country, and foreigners."the

after singing a song they told us our feelings of hunger, of sorrow, and "But the people did not love one stories of a book they call the Bibo.

of joy are the same that you know. another as he had taught, and men Some of the girls even thought the

"Your ancestors built this temple who turned to their own wisdom, visitors were handsome, but I don't as a place of worship and prayer, rather than asking of God, heard think that they can see as well as and we have come these many thounot his words. While he was yet we."

sands of miles to tell you that God young, Jesus was killed by people With a sharp nod father began to does hear our prayers. We have whose wickedness had blinded them speak, and sister stopped as if she

come to say that this heavenly being to the great light of his message. But had suddenly lost her breath.

is real, and he is surely the Heavenly this message has gone forth to all "It is written, 'A woman's heart is

Father of all nations, all peoples, and peoples who would know the truth like the autumn skies; forever changall tongues. Many hundreds of years and find these blessings."ing.'Little good does it do to send

ago God sent his son Jesus to this That's about all I remembered (Continued on page 964)

DECEMBER 1952 895 After struggling with her conscience,

Linnet, a Navajo girl, has given up her place in a white home, and a chance for an education, to return to her family and take up the ways of an Indian again.

by Alice Morrey Bailey

(Conclusion)

ever gods were appropriate. They "He killed our people,"she said.

were polite to each other and lovHer voice was sharp and shrill with ing to their children. They had venom. "They burned our corn.

much pride. AzahnVs mother was They shot our horses and our sheep.

a good seamstress, and her rugs Oh, it was a great slaughter when soldiers finest the came. chopped the Blue Horse made. They"A zahni,"she said, whispering Linwere

of silversmith. orchard the great excellent In very peach was a down

nie's Indian name. Linnie was long day's times family the good had much Canyon De Chelly. A

sacred.touched. Only was Her name big so orchard, of silver turquoise, that through walk goods""hard and

it,herself her mother and and knew back. trees at never for trading it was. the came food The now pawned

it lips mother's her on heardshe had all school post. In the books at no bellies hungry, were our "When once, shebut small and was when

their beautiful poetry than more was I pride. longer held our eyes no

ill. is in heart?"thy "What

own songs and chants. These things was very little, mebbe seven. That "I have come to follow the Navajo

Little Woman thought of when her was eightyseven summers ago. Wetrail of beauty."

if we laid down "Are you through, then, with the skin cried for cleanliness, her nose thought to have food smarted with odors, and when her our pride, but no! Now they mustfever of learning?"

for food. wept a land. across the us It was There was march it, stomach set against face "I have my

in pride cause for The People. for the well. of journey month We I toMother. have come help my

people. I have no wish to become It was the time when winter stood were hungry, and we were sick. Old

a traitor as Skipping Rock said in the back to back with summer, the time people and babies were the first to child, andletter someone wrote for him."when they told tales by the fire in die. My mother was with

left her for the "So that is it!"said her mother the long dark of the evenings. she died soon. We

and was still a few moments. "You "Tell us about the Long Walk, softfooted people. My brothers and

love us much, then, to do this thing."Grandmother,"Little Brother said. sisters died in the rough country. My

"I love you much,"said Little His black eyes were eager. The winds father lived until we came to Fort

Woman. had been raw, and his feet were wet. Sumner.

They stayed in silence awhile He sat toasting them now, his cough "They put us in wire too high to longer, each hearing the song in the ringing out often. climb. Four years they kept us, and

heart of the other. Linnet felt better Blue Horse obligingly turned his we hungered. We had no hogans.

after that. Her people were clean back, and the Ancient One uncovThose who lived through the walk,

people, she reminded herself. They ered her head, for a sonin-law and many died then. We dug holes to

swept the dirt floor of the hogan twice a motherin-law may not look on the keep out of the wind. My father

daily with the brush broom her faces of each other, lest they become sickened of lungs, and he died. I

mother had made and sprinkled it blind. The face of the Ancient One was alone of my family. When the

often to keep the dust down. It was was dark and wrinkled as a very dried four years were ended, Washington

hardpacked and dark as leather. peach, and now it held an air of posaid: 'Go home.'It was the long

They took sweat baths when there lite interest as she turned to Little walk again, with no food and no was a wedding or a chant and washed Woman. clothes, but the wires were cut, and

their hair with water from the yucca "What do the books say about we were free."

roots. They were more fortunate Kit Carson?"she asked. Her words built a great fury in

than most, for they had water. Some "They say he was a hero of the Little Woman's heart. Ever would

of their friends had to carry water West—a great Indian fighter,"said she be content now to live amongfor a mile, but they had a spring—Linnie, clapping her hand over her her people. Her sleep was peaceful

a thin trickle, to be sure, but nevermouth too late. The Ancient One's for the first time. It was broken

theless, a spring. eyes flashed fire, and she spat in the only by the incessant coughing of

Her family was religious and ashes. Her fury rocked the hogan. Little Brother. Finally she struggled

prayerful as the Dunns and never Mother's hands paused on the loom, out of slumber, thinking to wake acted without invoking the Sky Peoand Skipping Rock dropped the her mother, but Sews Good was alple, the Cloud People, or whatbracelet he was polishing. ready awake, kneeling beside the

896 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "He killed our people,"she said. Her voice was sharp with venom. "They burned

sick boy, her eyes dark with terror. our corn."

Little Woman built up the fire, and in its light they could see Little ful,"said her mother, rousing Skip- "House made of dawn light,

Brother was hot with fever. His ping Rock to go for the Medicine House made of evening light,

breath came fast, and his nostrils Man. House made of dark cloud

pinched with each intake of air. The days that: followed were like And evening shadows,... '

"He is sick of pneumonia, mother. evil dreams. The medicine man came,

When I had it, the Biligahnis took and the hogan was filled with incanNow she went heavily, out of the me to the hospital. The nurses and tations, and with suspense. Word house of dread while it was yet dark,

doctors cured me very soon with spread, and neighbors came with food, and watched the day breathe up from magic medicine. Let me ride to the to help and crowd around the sheep the hills. Hozoji! Happiness! This

trading post and telephone for a pelt and gaze at Little Brother. morning she said a deeper prayer,

doctor."The Sing lasted three days, and one she had learned from the Night

"Our own gods are more powernothing did any good, the prayers, or Chant. It was to the Sky People,

even the sand painting. He grew and she yearned to them, wishing her

steadily worse. His cough came with force would draw them to help Litalmost every breath, and his breathtle Brother.

ing could be heard outside the hogan.

When his eyes glazed and his talk "You who dwell in the House of Dawn was crazy, there was panic in the And evening twilight, hogan, for the Navajos feared death You who dwell in the House of Cloud above all else. When he spat bright And darkening mist;

blood, some wanted to drag him out The house of rain, of the hogan, lest he die there, and Strong as man, his spirit, turning evil, would pollute The house of rain, the home. Sews Good would not Soft as woman

let them, and she watched through You who dwell in the House of Pollen the night when all had left in fear. And of grasshoppers,

"Our gods will not forsake us,"Whose door is made of the dark mist, she said. Whose trail is the rainbow,

When morning came, Little WomWhere zigzag lightning an went to greet the dawn. Always Stands high above,

she had loved this ritual, the scatterWhere virile rain ing of white corn meal before her Stands high above, and the beautiful prayers that were You who dwell there, come to us!"

to be said: (Continued on page 954)

Sara hastily put her hand over his mouth, but it was too late, so Sara climbed from under the bed, opened "As Unto The Bow..."the door, and asked the Indians what

by Edith P. Christiansen they wanted.

"Brower (flour), bread, food,"

Part Four they grunted.

Hastily, Sara went to her scanty supply of food and offered them some synopsis of it. The Indians eyed her up and

As a lad, Canute Peterson reluctantly left his beautiful, native down, then taking the proffered

Norway with his parents to come to America and settle in La Salle food, stalked off. Sara hastily closed

County, Illinois. There, after his father had passed away, he and his and bolted the door and with sheer

nearby elders from coming the gospel from heard mother widowed activity they found relief dropped onto the floor, gathIn their Church baptized. were new Nauvoo and

fast and true friends, among whom were Kari Nelson, widow of ered the curly -headed Peter into her

Cornelius Nelson, and her daughter, Sara Ann. After Sara is healed arms, and laughed and laughed until

of a serious illness by the Lord through Canute's administration, they are married by Elder Orson Hyde and use the remainder of their Peter joined, with his baby laughter pioneer journey as a honeymoon. They settled in Salt Lake City first, thinking this was another of the

Creek called their Later to Dry they were where baby was bom.

received a many games he and his mother (Lehi). sooner they got organized Canute than had No

call to fill a mission in Norway. Sara was expecting a second child played together.

as he left with the missionary company, traveling to New York with Canute began his labors in NorElder Erick M. Hoggan. way by tracting and preaching, traveling without purse or scrip.

was a dreary, cheerless Christmas Both Sara and Emma Goates were During Canute's early labors in

IT Eve for these two young men in frightened of the Indians. They took Christiania he suffered privation and

a strange city. Their hotel room turns sleeping with each other, not hunger. He would go for days, and

offered little comfort in their loneliwanting to admit their fears to anyofttimes weeks, subsisting on pracness. The following day they emone else, yet huddling together at tically nothing. He walked the

barked on the ship that was to take night for protection. streets during the daytime tracting

them to Norway. One late afternoon while Sara was and preaching, and at night, with no

The trip was long and tiresome. busy with her two little ones, she place to go, he would sleep on park

When they had been on the ocean happened to glance out the window. benches. He took his last bit of monabout three weeks, Canute woke She saw two big Indians approachey and bought a little bread and

Erick up in the middle of the night ing the house. She was stricken with some cloves in one of the markets.

and said to him, "Well, Sack has had fear, even though the Indians were He found that by chewing on the her baby, and it's a little girl. It not fighting the whites any more. cloves, his hunger would be appeased

was shown to me in a dream."But to a woman alone, who could be for a little while. But when he was

sure of the attitude and reactions of unable to bluff his stomach any

C ara had given birth to a little girl male savages? The baby, Sanie, was longer, he would eat a little of the

(January 4, 1853) in the little log asleep, and little Peter was playing precious bread and drink plenty of cabin in Dry Creek. The sisters had on the floor. Sara's first reaction was water from the fountain that splashed

come to help her, and soon Sara was preservation for her young ones and and sparkled invitingly in the marup again taking care of herself and herself. She slipped to the door and ketplace.

the children. bolted it, then clutching little Peter By this means, Canute was able

Before Canute had left, they had to her breast, she climbed under the to make the little piece of bread that decided that if the baby proved to bed. Soon there was a loud rapping he had bought last him for three

be a girl, it was to be given the name on the door. Sara put her fingers to weeks. When the day finally came

Sara. As little Peter began saying her lips and cautioned little Peter to that he took the last piece of bread

words and sentences, he called his be still, but his baby mind was unfrom his sack and sat down to eat it, baby sister Sanie, and that was what able to comprehend the gravity of the doves flew around his head, she was called all of her life. As the situation. Again the loud knock hoping to share it. Canute wanted

Sara became stronger, she began dowas repeated, accompanied by grunts to give his bread to the birds, but ing the chores herself, the neighbors from the red men. Sara's heart was he needed it so badly that he hesihaving done them for her during her pounding so loud that she was afraid tated for a few seconds before he

confinement. they would hear it. Again the loud threw a few crumbs to them and ate

With the weather more severe and rapping, and suddenly an arrow was the rest himself, deciding that perfood scarcer, the Indians began begpushed through the little hole in the haps the doves could find food more ging from the settlers. Although door at the side of the lock. Sara had readily than he could.

they did not have any more food than filled this hole with some cloth. He had not noticed the young girl

they needed for themselves, they Watching intently, Sara and Peter resting on the bench with her load obeyed President Young's instruction saw the cloth fall to the floor as the of parcels. Looking up he caught

that it was easier to feed the Indians arrow came through. Then they saw her eye, and the girl, smiling, said,

than to fight them, so, at the ex- a big black eye peering through the "Why didn't you give all that bread pense of their own privation, they hole. Peter then piped up, "Peekto the doves? Are you that hungry?"

fed the begging Indians. a-boo."Canute, doffing his hat, said sim898 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ply, "That isn't half of it; I'm so Christiania. He received a message The little settlement of Dry Creek

hungry I could eat the doves themfrom Brother Snow, then in Copen- (Lehi) had a new family added to selves, raw."hagen, to go and find Canute Peterits numbers now and then, particu-

"Oh, my goodness! Why are you son and help him in his labors, as he larly when a new company of

that hungry? Haven't you any was sorely in need of assistance. Carl Saints came into the Salt Lake

home or money?"Fjeld had never met Canute or even Valley. These new arrivals were

"No,"Canute replied, "no home seen a photograph of him. He did settled in the group where their

and no money in this land. My not know Canute's address, and, all particular abilities and characteristics

home is in America."in all, felt that it was a pretty hopewould best fit. Therefore, there was

less task finding one man in a city a concentration of nationalities in "America!"was the surprised reof this size, but he still set forth to different settlements of the territory.

ply, "what are you doing here withaccomplish the task. This finally necessitated new settleout any money? You look halfAs he was going down Church ments being established as the Saints

starved."Street, he met a man carrying a continued to arrive in Utah.

Then Canute explained to her all satchel. When he came abreast of The little tree in Sara's front yard,

about the Saints in Utah and their this man, the stranger looked at him planted in loving tenderness, was missionary system, and about travand said, "It seems to me that I have growing as were her two children, eling without purse or scrip. seen you somewhere before."being reared without their father's

Maria Rolfson was much interested Carl Fjeld, puzzled, answered, "It guidance.

in his conversation and invited him seems to me that I also have seen you It was the spring of 1855. Three

to go home with her and have dinbefore. My name is Carl Fjeld, what years had passed since Canute had

ner, and Maria became an enthuis yours, sir?"left for his mission. The crops were

little in of homesteads, the most on siastic folks investigator. were is Her Peterson."Canute name "My

if fields that Sara her and knew own this tovery sympathetic kind and bless are you! the "God You man to she planted were be with wheat

invited missionaryyoung and him to I seeking."am it all to herself as have do would

days,stay them. stayed with two He told his Carl about Canute Then her. to too the were help busy men

to further,then, not impose wanting to instructions find help him. and set to So, get about she land her

left. sincerelyhe thanked and them Carl provided the neceswith Canute for planting. ready

The good food that he had eaten sities of which Canute was so badly When the planting was completed, in the Rolfson home fortified him in need. she carefully irrigated her land. She

greatly, but even that soon spent itCanute again visited the Rolfson put the dam in the head ditch and self in his starved body, and in the home and found that Maria was then worked the water down the furfollowing days he was again beset ready for baptism. She looked forrows. Suddenly the water stopped

with the pangs of hunger. He ward to the day when there would coming as Sara was almost to the

dragged himself to the edge of the be a group of converts ready to emiend of the field where she had put town where there was a dense forest grate to America, so that she might her little daughter Sanie on a blanket known as the Uranienborg Forest, go with them to gather with the to play, with Peter, who was then and there, by a cliff, he knelt in humSaints in Utah. five years old, to watch her. Noticing

ble prayer before the Lord and asked The converts were all working that the water had quit running, and him for strength and sustenance to and planning for this great day. And being tired from the planting, she

carry on his labors. each month, through the consistent said, "Peter, dear, run up to the top

Carl Fjeld, a convert to the Church efforts of the missionaries, the ranks of the field and see if the dam has in Denmark, was now living in were swelling, slowly but surely. broken; the water has stopped coming."

"All right Mommy, I'll go up and see,"Peter readily consented, glad of the opportunity and the importance of being of some help in the task.

His sturdy little legs kicked up clouds of dust as he ran.

Shortly thereafter the water began coming down the furrows once more, but Peter did not return. After a little

, i passed, while still Peter and had had.? 5"'* back, alarmed. Sara not come became

gwSa Taking little Sanie in her arms, she 9mm hurried toward the dam. Nearing

the top of the field she still could not 't!m i see him, so she hastened on, calling

his name with each step she took.

She reached the top of the fieldwhere she could see the head ditch and the dam. There, to her relief

The home Canute built in Dry Creek (Lehi, Utah) for his wife Sara. {Continued on page 960)

DECEMBER 1952 899 development for himself and his

out gently from forthcoming—oozingWhat Shall Children Read? brothers; education should also be out as the book but never sticking an

obvious moral. The truths of living

by Marba C. Josephson should be developed in such a manASSOCIATE MANAGING EDITOR ner that they become a way of life.

Illustrations in a book often indialso care of in publisher the the are several factors that cate There he books. way m tne a cd UP46FT1 RAIN

to of trying present a worthy book go: is old, should be for guidcan, however, he mentioned and when

* he will not depart from it."ance. A good child book, as a good being read and treasured by young

(Prov. 22:6.) adult book, is one that offers release folk. The illustrations need to be

In a world of increasing complexity in such a manner that the child will such that they invite rather than repel reading becomes at one and the same return to his everyday world and the child reader. Sometimes illustratime a release and a necessity for work encouraged with his own partions have been so grotesque that

all people. But reading can be deticular life, not desirous of living alchildren have been repelled rather

moralizing as well as energizing, deways in the world to which he travthan invited into reading the book.

pending on the type of reading one eled to in makebelieve. One of the With the modern means of illustradoes. This is particularly true of main faults with the socalled funny tion, there is no excuse for books not

children, who are highly responsive books is that they introduce the child to be illustrated well. Evaluation of

and imitative. Children come to their to a dream world from which he is artwork in a book should be as carereading with no fixed standards by unwilling to return to the world of fully made as the reading matter.

which to judge the books they read. fact. A book of this kind is detriThe choosing of a book by selection

Their ideals are in the formative stage mental to the child who reads it—and of an author who has proved himself

and can be readily shaped by the to the world which is robbed of his is ordinarily a good practice. Emma

people and the things among which dreams for its improvement. ChilMarr Petersen's books (The Story of

they reside. dren should be taught that life is an Our Church for Young Latterday

Unfortunately, many mothers use ongoing venture and that each Saints, Book of Mormon Stories for books as baby sitters and aren't overly generation should improve on the Young Latterday Saints, and Bible careful about what their children former in its manner of earning, Stories for Young Latterday Saints) read, so long as they are quiet. Readlearning, and living. And no book can always be counted on to give

ing thus becomes an anesthetic or they read should make them feel correct factual information written drug instead of a springboard into that life on earth is uninteresting and in language understood by children.

abundant living. It is difficult to drab. Herbert S. Zim (Whafs Inside of

understand how parents who are so Refreshment is also a child's due Plants and What's Inside of Me, Wm.

particular about what their children from each book he reads; imagination Morrow & Co.) has done exceptional

eat or what they wear can be so should be encouraged, for through it work in giving informational reading careless about what they read. What he will be enabled to vision greater (Continued on page 97i

goes into their stomachs or what goes on their backs seems to assume much greater prominence than what goes into their minds.

Parents who would never think of letting their children buy their own clothes or food without wise direction will all too frequently permit them to buy any kind of book that they may have the money to purchase.

Mental and moral indigestion is by far more difficult to overcome than physical indigestion—and has more

farreaching consequences. If, on the

other hand, early direction is given in reading, it will become a habit of the greatest value throughout life.

The publishing of children's books has become a fine art, and for the most part is done with genuine concern for the welfare of the children instead of for their exploitation. But

how is one to select children's books?

What are the features that make a book a good one for children? The

—Eva Luoma Photo

features are numerous and varied and no one list will suffice for all 900 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA w.

eneral Conference Section

Addresses delivered at the 123rd

Semiannual General Conference,

October 3, 4, and 5, 1952.

Conditions in Church Encouraging -

Prospects bright Opening Address by President David O. McKay

EarlyBrethrenin June,of whilethe Councilsitting withof thehis couragingtarium."word while in this sanisions.struction, fifty of which are in misTwelve in the regular weekly meetIf encouragement is good for the sick At present, you will be pleased to

ing, Elder A. E. Bowen was suddenly and ailing, it is also helpful to those know that there are, in European misstricken. For several weeks he and his who are normally healthy. As ensions, Churchowned chapels as follows:

loved ones and his Brethren thought couragement affects individuals, so it is British, thirtynine (you former misthat he was very close to the brink. He helpful to organizations, and this mornsionaries to Britain will be pleased to

has sufficiently recovered to be able to ing as I stand before you I have nothing know that); Danish, five; East German,

move about in his room, but as previousbut a wish, a prayer, that we might six; Finland, ten (after only five years

ly announced, he is unable to be present say something encouraging to the memof organization); French, three; Netherwith us this morning. bers of the Church of Jesus Christ. lands, eight; Norwegian, three; Swedish,

He is a great soul, a stalwart leader, I am grateful this morning, as I bid fourteen; SwissAustrian, three; West

a man who possesses a brilliant mind you welcome to this, the one hundred German, eight; making a total of ninetyand true nobility of soul. We extend and twentythird semiannual confernine places owned by the Church in

to Brother Bowen this morning the love ence, that I can give you an encouraging the European missions.

and confidence of the Church. If he report of conditions in the Church as a The Liahona College in Tonga is

is listening in, we wish him to know that whole, and that it is to the best of its now completed. The Church sent most

we love him, admire him; he has our ability and resources trying to discharge of the materials for its erection. Local

united faith and prayers for a comits obligations in preaching the Restored people did much of the work and did plete recovery. We need him. Gospel. not charge a shilling for their labor.

are sorry that A. Elder sent a supervisor, a Church plumbWidt- The John We will pleased to be a hear You few

is this electrician. to supervisor, soe ing us unable be with morning. an and

I items, even though must mention is will bless the in that Lord hope School Pesega nearhim The SamoaWe briefly, justify but saythem which mysufficiently later join sesto in us ing the completion. School Mesepa on The

is that the ing steadily Church moving of thissions conference. of in the island will Tutuila Samoa

its course. forward destined on offered in the prayer construction. soon noted under be an money The We

appeal for the love of mankind, that we There are now 195 organized stakes for it is already appropriated. We

might love one another, and through in the Church, an increase of over one contemplate building fifteen chapels in that love contribute to the establishhundred percent in the last twentyfive American and British Samoa in the ment of peace. That was the great years. There are fortythree missions near future.

message heralded by the heavenly hosts in the Church, including the new Plans are now being drawn for the at the birth of the Savior, when they Central American Mission. Since we New Zealand College of the Church of

declared, "Glory to God in the highest, last met in general conference, there have Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, which and on earth peace, good will toward been approximately thirtyeight new will replace the Maori College, which men."(Luke 2:14.) wards and seventeen new branches orwas destroyed by an earthquake in 1932.

To proclaim that message to an inganized, making a total number of Money has been appropriated for condifferent world is the divine responsiwards and independent branches of struction of five chapels in New Zeability of the Church. What greater 1736. land. One is now being completed in

message could there be? What more During 1952, up to September 30, there Auckland, one in Glenn Huon, Tascommendable effort to supply the greatwere eightyfour new chapels dedicated. mania, where the members are cutting

est need could be put forth? Before the end of the year there will be their own timber and doing a good deal

Somewhere I have read that in one fiftythree more ready for dedication, of the work themselves.

of the important institutions of medicine making a total of 137 chapels dedicated The Church owns two acres in and healing in this country, there hangs or ready for dedication. Besides this, Rarotonga, and money is already apthis significant sign: "Never say a disthere are 389 chapels in process of conpropriated for a new chapel on those

*For President McKay's closing address see page 952. (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1952 901 week before, awakened a sense of bePresident David 0. McKay continued longing that was satisfying and encouraging.

islands. It was only recently that the we cannot further comment this mornIt was truly a joy and inspiration to

mission was opened in Rarotonga, under ing. see the loyalty, feel the responsiveness

New Zealand, however. It is marvelous how much closer in of members of the Church in every mis-

A building is also under construction time modern transportation has brought sion. There was no exception. To

at Ipswich, Australia. the nations of the earth; for example, greet those eagerly expectant, graciously

All these buildings, with the Los Sunday, June 1, at 6:30 in the evening, warmhearted people gave a joy almost

Angeles Temple now under construcwe left New York. Owing to unfavorinexpressible. We sensed to a small detion, the Relief Society building, anable weather conditions the plane gree, at least, the truth of the saying:

nounced yesterday, mission expenses, landed at Sydney, Newfoundland, in- "To love and to be loved is the greatest ward and stake expenses, require the stead of at Gander, and did not leave happiness of existence."This was espeexpenditure of vast sums of money furfor Glasgow until Monday, 1:30 a.m. cially true so far as our love for those

nished by the tithes of the Church. After fifteen hours of actual flying time faithful people is concerned.

To your credit and blessing, be it we were at Prestwich Airport, in AyrAt the opening of my remarks I said said that the tithes of the people this shire, Scotland, and later that same that at the Savior's birth, there were year are 21.7 percent higher than last evening, Monday, we participated in heralded the fundamental virtues that

year, and last year exceeded the year the dedication of the first chapel constitute the world's greatest need:

before. owned by the Church in Scotland. first, believing in and glorifying our

Fast offerings also show an even Wednesday, the evening following, Father in heaven; and second, peace,

greaterMissionaries—Septemberpercent of increase. 30, 1952, weand dedicatedthere is a anothersuitable placein Edinburgh,in Aberstrife.good will, instead of contention and

there were in the foreign missionary deen now ready for dedication. For Here let me emphasize that good will

fields, 3854 missionaries. these and other chapels in Great Britain, includes benevolence, a virtue that may

There. were 5525 in the stakes of much credit is due to Elder Stayner be experienced by persons in all stations

Zion, making a total of 9379 missionRichards, who, with his associates, has of life. It is "confined to no rank, no

aries. manifested wisdom and economy. degree of education or power; the poor

That number speaks volumes in If I followed my inclinations, I would may be benevolent as well as the rich;

praise of the young men and young pause here long enough to tell you of the unlearned as well as the learned;

women, and particularly of the fathers my feelings upon returning to Scotthe weak as well as the strong."Everyand mothers, in their interest in the land after twentynine years, my latest one may not be beneficent, but all may

great mission of the Church to proclaim visit, and after fiftyfour years since I be benevolent. Good will includes kindthe message of peace and good will to labored there as a young, unmarried ness, a virtue everyone can show,

all peoples of the world. missionary. What a flood of memories and one which everyone is pleased to

In addition to this, there were in the filled my soul as a Mrs. O'Hara, living receive.

state of Utah, September 25, 1952, with in the apartment, graciously showed a Church population of 488,863—9379 Sister McKay, two elders, and me the "So many gods, so many creeds,

Latterday Saint boys in the military old 52 Holmhead St., headquarters of So many paths that wind and wind,

service, or 1.9 percent of the total the Scottish Conference fiftyfour years While just the art of being kind,

Church population of the state, as comago! Is all the sad world needs."

pared with 1.3 percent of the total non- I should also like to tell you how (Ella Wheeler Wilcox.)

member population of the state, or.6 humbly grateful, and with what a melof 1 percent more Latterday Saint boys, low heart later I stood with Ray by my I should be remiss, indeed downright

as based upon our total population, than side in the little bedroom in Wales, unappreciative, if I did not take this ocfor nonmembers. These figures should in which Jeannette Evans, my sainted casion to refer appreciatively to the inassuage the rabidness of some prejudiced mother, was born over a hundred years stances of good will manifested on this

these are personal experiences, But recent presidential tour of the Europeanagitators falsely have accused our ago! who

of little or no interest members. to you missions. of their discharging notyoung men

share of the responsibilities of the miliBeginning at the meetings in ScotOur Church knows full well what it tary activity of our government. land, we carried your love and greetings means to be misjudged, scoffed at, and

to the approximately 40,000 members It of persecuted. appreciate, too, in can agricultural In one I know, with town in the the ten in missions the Church full tolerance, value, of justice sense a ofa fewer population than ten 700, countries. nine European to 2 June fair play. and are field, in the missionyoung and men in 4, to us they receive July met Europe presidencies, mission missionTheforty-five in the Forces of our Armed greetings. your us July you met 26, aries, of their the members and Churchcountry.

their to receive here thanks. And, now, friends in gracious their were most

To you loyal members whose unthis morning, I express again to you greetings and manifestations of deferselfish labors have contributed to this in Zion the loving greetings of the Saints ence to the office of President. Everyfavorable progress of the Church, we in Europe. where their welcome was most genercan say, as in Hebrews, that God will One impression I received right at first, ous. To all these we shall ever be

not "... forget your work and labour and it became more and more prograteful for the distances they traveled,

of love, which ye have shewed toward nounced as we came in contact with peofor the sacrifices they made, their wholein that ye have ministeredhis name, ple in all of life, walks was a more hearted, radiant of which gladness—allto the saints, do and attitude minister."tolerant I experienced than a contributed to the success so much (Hebrews 6:10.) half century ago. It was a joy to min- a very important mission. of

In keeping with this theme of engle with intelligent people radiating a I wish to refer especially to the good couragement, brief reference to some spirit of good will. will shown by prominent businessmen,

incidents connected with our recent tour One beneficial result of the tour was representatives of the press, hotel manof the European missions may not be a keener realization on the part of memagers, government officials, and others amiss. bers of the Church that they are not dewhose interest and courtesy were shown

On May 29, 1952, accompanied by tached entities but are in reality part without reserve.

Sister McKay, our son David L. as secof the Church as a whole. Nearness in It is unwise to attempt to mention a

retary, and Mildred, his wife, I left for time contributed to this feeling; but few because of possibly showing paran important mission to Europe. The more especially their meeting one of tiality, and failing to mention deserving

details of that special mission, pertaining the Sunday School general superinpersons, but I will name the Honorable to temples, I shall probably have to tendency and a member of the general Charles U. Bay, American Ambassador

postpone until the general annual conboard of the Primary, hearing incito Norway, who not only by proffered ference in April. Further than what dents, items of instructions that hapwords, "If there is anything I can do

has already been announced, I think pened or were given, as it were, but a for you, please let me know,"but by 902 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA note of discouragement, for I cannot refrain from referring to the attitude of selfishness, distrust, and hatred manifest by the leaders of communism. How

they hate America, and everything

American!

They are not only antiAmerican they are antiChristian! By every

means possible—newspapers, billboards, documents, radio—they try to inculcate

hatred in the hearts of the youth.

By the Iron Curtain they scheme to keep Western influence out of Russia and prevent Russians from becoming acquainted with the West. A distinguished sociologist once wrote, note:

"Give us the young, and we will create a new mind and a new earth in a single generation."That is one aim and

purpose of the Russian dictators.

Largely because of their nefarious schemes and false ideologies, civilization is facing a crisis. We are in a

period of uncertainty, of international tension. Not infrequently we see manifest among people a feeling of impend-

—Courtesy Salt Lake Tribune ing crisis in which is fear that the atom

THE FIRST PRESIDENCY OF THE CHURCH. President David O. McKay, bomb might bring to a tragic end presright, with his counselors: President Stephen L Richards (center) and President J. entday civilization. Articles in the

Reuben Clark, Jr. daily press and in magazines give unmistakable evidence of this condition.

You can pick up any magazine or any direct action with the assistance of his favorable attitude stood out in contrast daily paper and read such headings as:

undersecretary, Leon Cowles, rendered with the action of police when some "Our Democracy in Danger.""Comof Threat."invaluable service in securing rightful members of the Twelve and others who munism—a New Kind

privileges for our missionaries in Norsit here in this audience this morning "Foundations of our Republic ThreatExist Half Cannot ened.""The World first arrested official his a half century hunted said that and wereway. was He

Free."Half Slave and ago!act as ambassadors Other ambassador.

at rantaken are I have some These also, appreciatively, to ministers, I wish including Hon. M.and name John

Cabot to Finland and Hon. James C. Elder William Zimmer, and two real dom.

says world,"of the at the "Look map Mr. considerate Jordi and to Paris, estate men, were equally Mr. HansDunn

of Curtain Iron Soviet comone. "The assisted PresiSchulters, helpin proffering and cooperation. who Hermann

Their courtesy was unbounded. dent Samuel E. Bringhurst in choosing munist control has descended over vast

of of millions areas hundreds over and sites inhesitate Switzerland. in did to prospective not Others temple who

Asia, in in Eastern Europe and people built favors suitable his houses to render themselves having Forconvenience is It II. of close since the World War I President to Berlin, in Tooler General wish Colonelwere and commend Wood

this that tragic should be unspeakably to the Stover, devotion theof through Army, whose whose American Walter case, been."not the have it need when presiintercession at of generosity Saints, thegraciousness, and whose German

Spiritual a Face War.""We will the Another: ever A. cherished Richards Staynerdents by be and Hamer wisdom

last: Against China's Then, "Red War to favorsReiser, Included blessed. special granted were he thousands whom

us visitors in attendance at the Queen's in this expression of appreciation are God."

sisters, let us not Well, brethren and L. aided President Festival at Buckingham Palace. officialsGarden James who

of in despair. comfort time A man's PresidentPalace. Woolf Barker and Golden L.

I express appreciatively, also, the servin their securing official recognition of ease and peace, as well as in time of ice rendered by the Consul General J. the Church in France. stress and danger, will be found in the

of his sincerity belief in of the depths an in the here United Karnebeek,D. van visit of in feature our outstanding An in gospel faith his Being, Eternal the to beStates, happened meet we whom of the attendance Ameriwas Germany the of Christ. Jesus upon Commenting left, forfore arranged a most who we In the servicemen. West can German faith, sincerity, writer of of one need visit Majesty,cordial Juliana, to Her groups as that gathered Mission they I vital this question, asked once and of the Netherlands.Queen of favorably groups our with compared it give to you:

I K. missionaries. President to proud were wish mention we Juho And how

fig- "Is a only legendary Jesus to you dignified, ofPaasikivi princethese choice Finland, of a and young women, men history; in in to painted ure a saint be acparents,ly to their conference the to a credit Church, gentleman, with whom,

companied by President Henry A. Matis, and to our nation! Whether they parthe stained glass of church windows; a

I shall remember with satisfaction and ticipated in concerts or attended to the sort of sacred fairy not to be approached pleasure. For exceptional courtesies details of conference, greeted strangers, and hardly to be mentioned by name,

shown by Mr. Sholz, the manager of the or looked after the welfare of Saints and or is he still what he was when he wasPalace Hotel near The Hague, Holland; investigators, their ability was maniin the flesh—a reality, a man of like

to passport officials at Berlin, who, fest, their dignity commendable, their passions with ourselves, an elder brother, finding us without visas, gave special sincerity in their work most outstand- a guide, a counselor, a comforter, a consideration and, out of courtesy, obing. great voice calling to us out of the past

tained the necessary papers without deWell, fellow workers, all these and to live nobly, to die bravely, and keep lay, we mention with appreciation. a hundred other instances that I might up our courage to the last?"

We are mindful also of the outstandname are evidences of friendship and Notwithstanding the threatening coning consideration shown by eleven pogood will that will contribute to the ditions that exist in the world today, licemen who were at the Mercedes peaceful relationships that should exist members of the Church of Jesus Christ

Palast, at North Berlin, where an audibetween this country and the free counneed not fear nor be perturbed, if they ence of 2600 persons crowded to overtries of Europe. will but anchor their souls in unchangcapacity that large theater. How their I am sorry that I must now sound a (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1952 903 feel very deeply the responsibility of the weaknesses of the flesh, will discover this great opportunity. I assure you that in participation in the kingdom

I I need the aid of the Holy Spirit, there is help, merciful and understandand I humbly pray that I may enjoy it. ing, which fosters repentance and for- I desire to use this opportunity to giveness and gives strength and courage AN

extend an invitation. In giving this into overcome and be happy.

vitation I feel that I shall have the I shall try to tell you something about a great cause, the greatest in all the approval and support of my associates the kingdom and some of its features world; and third, and perhaps in imin the Presiding Councils of the Church, which hold so much of attraction and portance greatest of all, membership in

not necessarily in its manner of promise to all the various segments of the kingdom makes it possible for him presentation, but in its substance, and the world society. to receive the delegation of divine power

that they will sustain me in speaking First, there is the common man of the itself and rejoice in the blessings brought for them as well as for myself. To the world. I use "common"in no derogaby it to our Father's children.

people of the Church, there is nothing tory sense. The world makes distincThis wide distribution of the Holy

novel in this invitation. Although it tions among men on the basis of Priesthood is one of the most distinctive

has gone out to the people of the world education, wealth, and position. Fundafeatures of the restored kingdom of our

for more than a century, there are still mentally, I make no such distinctions, Lord. There is creditable evidence to

few of the world who fully understand but we are all obliged to admit that believe that when the Savior set up his its import. the great preponderance of all men are Church in the Meridian of Time, he

This is the invitation, addressed: not in worldly preferential classes. This caused a wide distribution of the priestcommon man in some respects is the hood to members of his Church then,

To All Men, Women, and Children most important element in the world as he has done in his restored Church.

logical it seems, upon How nations, In democratic whereear Friends: society. desire. that this be his should reflection,Why aristocracy, caste, do not and statism

You are cordially and earnestly incircumscribe his activities, he often rises should he wish to restrict the holding vited to participate in building the kingto leadership. Likewise in democratic of his divine power, which may be

dom of God in the earth. countries, he chooses the leadership bedelegated to men, to any favored group

If the are ecclesiastical order? or men his Perof preponderance. voting Place—Everywhere. cause his in and created image sons of God, at the importantly, he is more even haps Time—Now. attributes, divine why with endowed of of households the of the head most

Signed: world. He begets its populations, supshould not all who make themselves

ports its infancy and youth, influences worthy in righteousness be eligible for

THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST and in large measure determines social the divine commission of the priestOF LATTERDAY SAINTS and other trends. hood? All are eligible in the kingdom

of our Father. Adherence to his law is

The acceptance of this invitation will What does participation in the kingthe only requirement, and the officers not materially alter the living habits dom do for the common man? First, of the kingdom are under compulsion

of many good people. Those who have it brings to him an enlarged and more to bring this great benefaction to all

within their hearts a love of God and adequate understanding of himself. It who are worthy.

their fellow men, and devote themselves defines for him in a realistic and not If I had time at my disposal, I should to Christian service, will discover merely in a visionary way his relationlike to give to the men to whom I prein identifying themselves with our ship to his God and his fellow men. sent this invitation a more complete

Father's kingdom a significance to their Second, it brings conscious purpose into explanation of the nature of the Holy high idealism and their humanitarian his living. It dignifies his service and Priesthood and the manner of its exerservice which will surpass any concept enables him to distinguish between the cise, as set forth in revelations given at

of living they have ever known. They really worth while and the frivolous, or the founding of the Lord's kingdom in

who have not conformed their lives to less important. It gives to him the this dispensation. I must content myself

the divine will and have succumbed to legitimate pride of being associated with merely with the statement that the priesthood of Almighty God, bestowed upon his servants, is a very different thing from what many men of the world suppose it to be. It is an authoritative

President David 0. McKay continued power given by divine commission, but

in essence and use it is invested with ing truths revealed by our Father in He is the Son of "God in the Highthe virtue, kindness, mercy, and judgheaven. est"as proclaimed by the heavenly ment of its Divine Author, the Savior

If communists attempt to poison the hosts, the Prince of Peace, our Elder himself.

minds of youth, as they are doing, Brother, our Redeemer, our Savior. Now to the common man—he who

against God the Father and his Beloved "His purposes fail not, neither are has not known the emoluments and

Son, if they pervert the principles there any who can stay his hand. preferments which the world gives

of the gospel of peace and good will, "From eternity to eternity he is the what a distinction, what an encourageif they continue to sow the seeds of same, and his years never fail. ment, what an uplift of spirit, and what

mistrust and hatred, we must more "For thus saith the Lord—I, the Lord, high hopes await him as he shares with

guardedly protect our youth, more am merciful and gracious unto those who his brethren the Holy Priesthood in the militantly instruct them in the princifear me, and delight to honor those Lord's kingdom. The common man

serve Gospel, of the Restored implantples attheir even has aspirations, in righteousness and though who me

'... that the end. the truth hearts truth untoin their remote tainment very and may seem

there is none other name under heaven "Great shall be their reward and dim. Improvement and progression are

given among men, whereby we must be eternal shall be their glory."(D. & the laws of life. Here, with the investisaved."(Acts 4:12.) Let them realize C. 76:3-6.) ture of the Holy Priesthood lie opporthat without Christ the world is lost. God bless the Church. It is worldtunies unlimited for the fulfilment of

James L. Gordon is right when he wide. Its influence should be felt by worthy and lofty ambitions for the

declares: "A cathedral without windows, all nations. May his spirit influence common man, as for all men of high or

a face without eyes, a field without men everywhere and incline their hearts low station in life.

flowers, an alphabet without vowels, a toward good will and peace. May diIt must have seemed a great and

continent without rivers, a night withvine guidance be given the priesthood, daring project to build a Church without out stars, and a sky without a sun who hold the responsibility of declaring a professional clergy. It was even a

these would not be so sad as a world to an indifferent world the restoration greater innovation to set one up without without a Bible or a soul without of the gospel of Jesus Christ, I pray in laity, where every man and boy is a

Christ."the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. minister of religion. Joseph Smith had

904 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA chosen ones coming to their home back into the eternal presence whence they came. It takes but a moment to say

this sentence; it takes fill a lifetime toInvitation the mission of is It parenthood. a

glorious mission when it is accepted by President Stephen L Richards and fulfilled. It is a tragic experience

when it is resented. Women of the

find joy the supreme their of for precedent no such organization, an is her with she husband, the and imkingdom lives in their families sacridespite the save in only set the Church the up beneficiary by its of mediate of great many fices selfdenial and entailed their in Master in himself earthly blessings. minhis own she in unites marriage When

care training. and are taught, They istry. is It that no wonder a novel such of the with priesthood in a man one

they believe and that the blesshighest concept to shocking was Prophet's the of the of temples the the kingdom, ings of will heaven realized be through It contemporaries. undermined the blessings pronounced are her upon of the projection of their into eterhomes necessity callings of the of "gentlethe to equal import those given her husnity. have complete confidence They in of cloth"the men and out the wiped these band, blessings are and to be

of perpetuity the the relationship family for need the socalled spiritual experts. realized only the through enduring comsanctified sealed when and the under the While doctrine ignoabjures new [is for pact of the marriage, not] "man

of power the If Priesthood. Holy a rance its acclaims intelligence, and obthe without neither the woman, woman

is child parted the from family group, is jective to every his make (I the without in the Lord."man own man, Cor.

feel that they do not he is lost. They spiritual expert, with divine in If power 11:11.) every fully underwoman

confidently expect in a reuniting the himself to understand the and apply this lofty stood of concept marriage, laws of the gospel to himself and those she would want no other. It is not a eternal family circle, and while they

dependent on him. This universal and marriage solemnized with elaborate are sorrowful at earthly partings, the

generous bestowal of the priesthood ceremony and pageantry, for show and only thing they really fear is sin, deprive erring the one of may recipient every makes a teacher social and is filled which great church prestige. No

his place in the eternal home. Women preacher of the word of whether God; spectators; with only are present a few

into these enter eternal unions with who or not called to a special he be position, parties, contracting the a humble man their are far better fortified husbands is his diocese as large as his circle of of the priesthood to officiate, the witfamily, friends, and acquaintances, and nesses, usually the parents, and a few to withstand irritations not uncommonly he is under obligation to teach to them of the family and close friends. Such incident to domestic life. They and

the revealed truth. If he has limita- a marriage contemplates taking the Lord their husbands look ahead, and in their

tions of utterance, there are no limitainto the partnership, so the participants longrange vision, they are disposed to tions to the power of his example and meet in his house and make their coveoverlook many of the temporary obthe radiation of his personality among nants with him and each other, in stacles to happy, compatible living. Just

those who know him. Here in the privacy, in humility, without ostentathink of the tragic plight of innocent

Lord's kingdom is the most perfect tion, safeguarded from the stare of the children averted by this concept of exemplification of his great law of faircurious or the praise of the indulgent. enduring marriage. Every woman who

for serious has concern the attainment is ness equality rethat and no "God or a a Does seek public man woman full of life a will and happy well do of specter persons."for a private acclaim prayer? Why to eternal the ponder truths of the couple, entering should a into the most I very great have pleasure in Now kingdom. solemn will engagements they ever make this extending invitation to all women. is everincreasing There an tendency in their lives of private a personal and I I it sure cannot as attractive make am for to activity seek outside the women nature, expose to themselves public it as I could be but made, perhaps may I it as home. count fortunate that scrutiny, distract their and from minds to able point be out a few items which conveniences modern served to have sacred a exigencies the ceremony of by of serious should be to concern women, shorten for the hours necessary a mother style I of and speaking show? the am intrigue and interest. their which may to in spend care. family and home You marriage ceremony, the not wedding It expected be that in would the I will that observe did characterize not I reception. reading once remember an I first forworld women's should bring a It duties mother's as drudgery. has article written minister old by an who of the subject the ward Despite home. observation been that devoted my mothofficiated in years had Trinity many social trends, modern the socalled and ers so have never their regarded duties in York. Church downtown He New of alemancipation the from women to their family, however long the work said that his during time seen he had life, I of leged drudgery sure home am taken. have may Even when home Christian the at of ceremony marriage, statistical need to proof no convince we care required very long hours, mothers time sacred impressive, one degenerand us that the of great preponderance our of the found time kingdom and means ate into a paganistic pageant designed families; husbands want and women for acts countless of kindmercy and to social notoriety. achieve can That I optimistic to believe, and enough am in ness organized both private and It to never a marriage. happen temple in of face even the figures shocking on capacity. under the favorable Now is it for to calamity a to happen any divorce, that the majoroverwhelming conditions large a mentioned, part of for marriage, a such tendency be may ity of like to their keep would women of of the the work our kingdom Lord small in for responsible no measure the preserve husbands the and enduring is carried forward by good women. They of instability in recent years. marriage solidarity of If the asthese home. responsibility, have immediate under

are correct or sumptions correct, nearly direction the of counsel priestthe and homeloving will in find The women

I justified in giving asthe am women for great hood, organizations of the other revealed kingdom concepts women, that in surance inother place or no life, give they invaluable and assistance will about in to bring which them stitution in the will find world they such all of substantially the great institutions happiness of satisfachope and and lofty of concepts high and marriage and the tion. will Church. so learn They have that They the home, many

as in restored the of our home kingdom is service of avenues that there are of opporthey such indispensable which an is Lord. a slave neither Here a woman for tunity lies utilization part, at the expression of basis the very and purposeful

doll, real nor a a partner in but the of all their talents life abilities. living great this here in of and aspiraour and

of enterprise building the kingdom. The is in place tions for There the the life no higher blessings in world where the

is part of plays she dignity, great one service render to can will women learn come. that couple, more a comThey

for opportunity with the exabundant pletely to acceptable the Father rightly married, and are called to officiate all pression of finer feelings, the the satisfying to more themselves in than in transcendently a vital beautiful and tenderness, love, patient the the and his kingdom. service. priest a priestess As in the and qualities ennobling attriare which

I it is of temple extend the invitathe must And their now home, high sex. of butes her

tion to youth, privilege to girls spirit receive in boys school, and the children

In the kingdom a woman does not of our Eternal Father into mortality; on the farm, in the factories, in the milihold the priesthood, but she shares it then to nurture, train, and lead these (Continued on fallowing page)

DECEMBER 1952 905 President Stephen L Richards Continued them.sober consciousnessI am not speakingof those nowwho ofpresentmen

who have permitted sin to deaden their conscience. I am speaking of men whom

I have known in the world of business, tary establishments, wherever youth is to you in the kingdom of the Living and countless others like them.

found. I invite all of you young people God?

I all this to to statement wish make society to appointedto a divinely come friends, old now, and both And my I I such and and hope women, men is there about knowledgewhere more it I Is this young, ask question: you it boastful. appearing without can do needs, beginnings, your your andyour procrastinate to decision well your on I I professional ambition. have knownlegitimate purposes ambitions than and

I briefly to the matters submitted have inbusiness association have with hadis to in in other place the be found any

Is life of tenure so secure you? the for of stitutions half century almost a I rethatworld. aware you may am safely until that year next wait can we I capacities various in time. served have as arrogant statement thatgard and for of so consideration the matters enterin commercial and community Ipresumptuous, think hut view you may vitally affecting lives our herehere and prises, the enjoyed emoluand haveit tell I differently the that you when I after? funerals. attend Some many satisfactions, friendly the ments, and is I of speak notknowledge which manlives abruptly, very are terminated most asrelationships such from emanating it is of scholastic the product notmade;

I of unexpectedly. witness the sorrow of sociations. this background With it isresearch; revealed Godgiven, by partings. in sad funeral loved ones A as a experience, preacher, not although for his This kingdom. knowledgehim is for criticism. a time think not I is it We privilege to preach, duty and my all truths, ofbrings reconciliation howof are in those speak and gone who if assurance friends that give to the my at theever variance findings and much charitable, kindly terms. leave the attiWe recast their ideas will they and be. of tostatements seem The may men I to the judgments but Great Judge, of relative the importance tudes about is simplified. process learningwhole

its suffers a think that family many material, spiritual bring to the the and life aspects ofAll living are propand greatest in parting sorrow a loved with in participate to the mighty themselveserly objectives the evaluated and made of in a opportunities one remembrance in of establishing cause God's kingdomclear, frustrating freeing the from youth lost, omissions that commissions, and satisfaction, earth, will find a the theyuncertainties of of philosmodern much sadly they might been wish have conof purpose, a peace sureness a and teaching. andophy averted. are in hazards the the Such they surpassing anything have tentment,

of reconciliation our with postponement friends, scarcely can young you My ever will be ashamed not known. They of Lord, acceptance holy the the and it relief for the willappreciate a be what fellows their to to themselves to say and of gospel. sure that us can be None ityou, will contribute and how much first. that his work come and God When life finish of perin the course he canto of your peace your hapand mind

faith the the develop they can and all fect faith devotion, of us but and topiness objectives clearly defined have to which you can confidently direct the can be certain that we can never run courage to make this acknowledgment, energies of your life. I invite you into the course without starting. My inself-sufficiency and egotism will be reactivities which will stimulate you to vitation is to start the course of life placed by humility of spirit. The

the development and exercise of the best in the Lord's way, now, while there is brotherhood of man will become real within you. Your latent talents, your time. to them. Their service will be ennobled,

love of people, and all of your native I cannot close without saying a word and they will lay the foundation for abilities shall find opportunity for about my own personal experience in the attainment of the highest rewards abundant expression. This society will the kingdom of our Father. If I have and blessings vouchsafed to humanity.

to acquireteach in happiness you how it is justification this, in in doing any inambitious, that observed I have is lastinggoodness, the only which there that the be hope some who may selare telligent, people "redblooded"It will tohappiness. teach you how listen of find a enmeasure may who best. satisfied the except with dom of yourself, to control masterbecome I tell in them. couragement what

into the I invite and women men I When passions,appetites acquire thus and and for in trained the the ministry not was the attributes of great character. It will sense in which the world understands kingdom, I invite them to come and

thus contribute to your success in occusuch training, a condition which I share get the best, which is obtainable in no pations of your choosing because no with my brethren for reasons I have other place or institution in this wide permanent success comes to those who heretofore explained. I was trained in world. I know that is true, and the

do not possess good character. a limited way for the law and for reason I know it, and the reason you

Perhaps your greatest acquisition in business. Perhaps my most liberal edushould believe it is that the Lord himof cation contacts out with has come it is so. self that declared The has this society into allyingcoming and

life. of in walks few With many men it, as the did of predicted old prophetsyourself will the with the be kingdom

I exceptions the have admired and men in disciples his the Meridian Lord and ofknowledge can and you God how

I have and known, and men women of the irrefutable of evidences serve forbest will discover Time, and him. You

intelligence, learnof high deep women first life, in ofthe mission time the your authentic establishment what kingdom serve to in ing capacity well good and for to do.the Father has you inYou scrutiny invite in the our day and respect causes have commanded my selfrise inwill righteous your own all of people. vestigation honest of great a the esteem. In presence andrespect. will be endowed Young men

I is feeling reverence. to akin a the available have mind, addition, there In Priesthood. will thewith Holy They

discover, while not foregoing the happiThere has been over the years, howtestimony of the Holy Spirit, more conness of youth, that much of its frivolity ever, one observation which I have firmatory and more personally satisfyand levity may positively be replaced made, which, I may say frankly, has ing than all other evidences. I promise

with joyful service in a great cause. reduced my admiration for many able you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ

Young women also will discover the men and women, and has brought to that divine testimony will come to you, same thing and be made to rejoice in me great concern about them. I have my friends, if you will enter the rethe good they can do. I have seen observed that many, successful in maestablished kingdom of our Lord and

thousands of young men and young terial achievements, have seemingly participate in his glorious work in the women go into the mission field. I taken pride in emancipating themselves world. I pray that the Lord will bless

spiritual things, these testimonies boastful wit- a fromhave heard and with bitterness remove prejudice and and stateyou great expressed of indifference happiness the thenessed in such work hearts, indifference from your and and religious"; souls tosaving brought them. not naturally has I ments as "I am

have heard them proclaim these years "Religion is for the women and the bring to you a humble desire to share of unselfish devotion to the Master's children"; "I carry my religion in my the truth with your brethren and sisters

work the finest of their lives. Where, wife's name."Personally I think these in the family of God, who loves you. I

my young friends, can you find comattitudes are defensive tactics, not truly so pray in the name of Jesus Christ, the parable opportunities to those furnished representative of the inner feelings and Lord of the kingdom. Amen.

906 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Pray AlwaysRepentant, And With Faith

by President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

Y BROTHERS AND SISTERS, I should haps not always in the way we think to his Father in prayer and asked for

failed. prayers that this magnificent they should always be music of be never ciationM'like to say just a word in apprethey should be answered, because our help and for guidance, and the Father

his Singin accordance the yesterday with answered heard, mind remember the first great prayer You havethat we ing Mothers, today the singing German and his will, and the answers so come that opened this dispensation. It was

Saints, and tomorrow we shall have the to us. When we pray, we should, of uttered in response to those statements

great Tabernacle Choir. We are a course, express our desires as to the of James:

singing people, and I am sure that the things we wish, but we should always "If any of you [not just particular

Lord loves a singing people. God bless pray with an open mind, asking the ones, but if any of you] lack wisdom,

our singers, sweeten their voices even Lord to bestow the blessings upon us let him ask of God, that giveth to all more sweet than they are now, that in his wisdom. We should not pray men liberally, and upbraideth not; and

they may sing his praises. and ask the Lord to give us what we, it shall be given him.

My brothers and sisters, I stand beourselves, want, and importune him to "But let him ask in faith, nothing fore you asking in humility and in that effect, except all subject to his wavering. For he that wavereth is

sincerity an interest in your faith and will. like a wave of the sea driven with the

prayers, that what I may say may be This question of prayer, and the anwind and tossed.

helpful to all of us. You know, we ask swer of prayer, is basic with us. Be- "For let not that man think that he

these blessings in stern reality, not as hind it lies the full doctrine of conshall receive any thing of the Lord,"a matter of form, but in a reality that tinuous revelation, because we pray that unless he so prays. (James 1:5-7.)

we have that without the help of our God will give us his revelation and his From this prayer thus motivated, came

Heavenly Father, we are not able in and inspiration. Over the years, I know one of the greatest visions in recorded

of ourselves to do much. that every person in this great Taberhistory, the visit of the Father and the

Not only are we a singing people, nacle has seen manifestations of the Son to the young boy praying in the but we are also a praying people, and power of the Lord in answer to prayer. woods, the Prophet Joseph Smith.

our prayers go to our Heavenly Father The record indicates that when the I say once more, this is the motif of knowing that he can hear, does hear, Savior, himself, approached great crises this whole modern dispensation. Pray,

and will, in his wisdom, answer, perin his career on earth, he always went pray always, has been the counsel of our leaders, of our prophets, and of our

Heavenly Father.

During those great discourses which the Savior preached the night before the crucifixion, he continually recurred to "...this thought:whatsoever ye shall ask the

Father in my name, he will give it you."(John 16:23.)

But we should have in mind, in connection with that, the words of the

Prophet Aaron on this continent, when he said we must ask in faith, with a repentant soul. That is the only basis

of prayer that will bring us the things which we seek.

If you would know what prayer and faith combined can do, read the account of the brother of Jared, when he went before the Lord and requested that the

Lord provide light for the vessels that were to carry them over the sea.

You remember that the brother of

Jared prayed so mightily that he saw the finger of the Lord touch the stones that would give them light, and the account says that his faith was so great that he could not be kept outside the veil; he went beyond the veil that beclouds our eyes and saw the finger of

the Lord. The Lord asked, what else

did you see, and he said, nothing but the finger, and told of his humility and of his anxieties. Then the Lord

showed himself to him as he was to appear on earth.

You remember that wellknown incident of Elijah and the priests of Baal, {Continued on following page) DECEMBER 1952 907 the day to Peter. Then to the ten asPresident J. Reuben Clark, Jr. Continued sembled in the chamber at night, and

a week later to the eleven. Then to the

of Galilee, multitudes the Sea on and

I faith prayer, in in Elijah, of give thee: and In the have Jesushow name to Peter, to then then James, James, and of priests of the rise designs of thethwarted Christ walk."Nazareth and up and Nathanael and John, ThomasBaal, brought rose the vanquished and walked them and up and And man called others the Didymus, on and two

fire the into confrom the leaped heaven with which and wentdown them of prior Galilee, to the Sea eleven then

Israel the that bullock temple, not leaders only the in thensumed was and to his ascension. then he appeared That

sacrifice, alsooffered for arrested, but the Peter had and he and wood John this to Nephites. continent the on And

it laid, tried, stones the passed. (Acts sentence were onon which and was finally introto in the woods, Joseph

ff.) laid, licked that 3:1 thenwhich and was perhimself, in Father, the duced by

is I refer that the the to poured thing water to been But hadup want later son; to in Sidney the and Joseph

it all collected said in (as Peter the alreadyover has been and had what temple.

trench. quoted here a number of times) to the

"Prayer is the soul's sincere desire."Sanhedrin, when asked by what name To all of these things I bear witness

Pray, my brothers and sisters. Pray he did this: that the Spirit has borne its witness

for inspiration. Pray for wisdom. And "... by the name of Jesus Christ to me.

if you would know for what you might of Nazareth... for there is none other Brethren and sisters, pray, pray in

pray, read the words of Amulek when name under heaven given among men, humility, pray always, pray in your he told you you might pray for your whereby we must be saved."(Ibid., families, pray in secret; live, keeping the

crops and your herds, that you might 4:10, 12.) commandments of the Lord, so that

pray that you would not be overcome I want to add my testimony to those your prayers may ascend to our Heavby your enemies, and for all the rest that have already been borne, to the enly Father. So live that when occaof the things that you need in your Messiahship of Jesus, the Christ. sion comes, you may go to our Heavenly

daily lives. But remember the teaching I have a spiritual knowledge that Father and in faith seek his aid in behalf

as have Prayer mustcf Aaron: sick. I are of your loved Christ, ones is the a Jesus the Son of who God. That

faith. of sin repentanceioundation, and to the hear acted, pertestify Lord you that can preached, he lived, moved,

I refer again to the words of the formed his miracles, was crucified, laid the prayers of his Saints, when they

Savior on that last night. You would in the tomb, and on the morning of the seek him, in humility, in behalf of their

do well to read those last chapters of third day he rose from the tomb. That sick. I know it.

so contain them. Ponder TheyJohn. first, thereafter, apparently, seen he was to the the Lord testimony add May is us. to of value thatmuch of out Magdalene, by Mary whom us, he of us of build strengthen and each up

It devils. at cast Beautithe remarkRecall miracle seven the Gate was had

us, spirit of give prayer, the us he may of Peter, said that should able thatful kind a he performed by when woman to the beggar who was carried there each have had the faith to be the first to that we may at all times be able to go morning, lame from his mother's womb: view the Savior after his resurrection: to him, and that he at all times will

"Look on us."And the beggar looked, That he then appeared to the women feel able to come to us, in answer to

expecting alms, and Peter said, "Silver of Galilee and then to the two on the our prayers, I humbly pray, in the name and gold have I none; but such as I way to Emmaus, and sometime during of Jesus. Amen.

THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Seated, left to right: Joseph Fielding

Smith, President of the Council, John A.

Widtsoe, Albert E. Bowen, Harold B.

Lee, Spencer W. Kimball, and Ezra Taft

Benson.

Standing, left to right: LeGrand Richards, Marion G. Romney, Delbert Leon

Stapley, Henry D. Moyle, Matthew Cowley,

and Mark E. Petersen.

908 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Be Not Deceived

by President Joseph Fielding Smith

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

shall take for my text a few verses considered the Book of Mormon and the In an earlier revelation, the Lord said:

from the fortysixth section of the Doctrine and Covenants and the Pearl "And whoso having faith you shall

I Doctrine and Covenants: of Great Price as thoroughly as we confirm in my church, by the laying

"But ye are commanded in all things should have done, and that is also true on of the hands, and I will bestow the to ask of God, who giveth liberally; of the Bible. gift of the Holy Ghost upon them."

and that which the Spirit testifies unto The Lord in his mercy and kindness (Ibid., 33:15.) We have the right to

you even so I would that ye should do sent angels from his presence to reveal the guidance of the Holy Ghost, but we in all holiness of heart, walking upthe gospel and to make known the reccan't have that guidance if we wilfully rightly before me, considering the end ord of the ancient inhabitants of* this refuse to consider the revelations that of your salvation, doing all things with continent, the Jaredites and the Nephites have been given to help us to underprayer and thanksgiving, that ye may and Lamanites. Likewise by the inspirastand and to guide us in the light and

not be seduced by evil spirits, or doction and guidance of his Spirit, he retruth of the everlasting gospel. We can't

trines of devils, or the commandments vealed to the Prophet Joseph Smith hope to have that guidance when we of men; for some are of men, and others many of the precious things that were refuse to consider these great revelations

of devils. taken out of the writings of the prophwhich mean so much to us both tempo-

"Wherefore, beware lest ye are deets, and we have them restored again. rally and spiritually. Now if we find

ceived; and that ye may not be deceived But are we reading them? Are we makourselves in this condition of unbelief

seek ye earnestly the best gifts, always ing ourselves acquainted with these comor unwillingness to seek for the light remembering for what they are given."mandments, these precious truths which and the knowledge which the Lord

(D. & C. 46:7-8.) have been made known for our salvahas placed within our reach, then we

President Clark said we are a singing tion? Have we ever stopped to think are liable or in danger of being deceived

people, but I am inclined to think, of the great advantage that we have by evil spirits, the doctrines of devils, while that is true, we are not a studious over the rest of the Christian world in and the teachings of men. And when

people, that as members of the Church this fact, that they maintain that the these false influences are presented bewe have not taken advantage of our opBible contains the full word of God, fore us, we will not have the distinguishportunities to learn, to make ourselves that revelation from him ceased nearly ing understanding by which we can acquainted with the plan of salvation, two thousand years ago? Men are left segregate them and know that they are

the commandments of the Lord pernow to depend upon that written word. not of the Lord. And so we may betaining to our exaltation. We have not But the Lord has revealed to us the come prey unto the ungodly, to the

history of these other ancient peoples. vicious, to the cunning, to the craftiness

He has given unto us the commandof men.

ments and the revelations that were We all have a right to know the given to them, and so earnestly did he truth. It is a requirement the Lord

feel the responsibility of giving to us makes of every member of the Church this additional information that he sent that he know for himself and have a an angel from his presence to reveal testimony of the truth in his own heart it. and not be under the necessity of deAre we, who profess to believe in the pending upon anyone else to know that

mission of the Prophet Joseph Smith, Jesus Christ is the Son of God or that to testify that angels came to him, and Joseph Smith is a prophet of God. If

through them that the gospel was rethere is any person in the sound of my stored, the priesthood again revealed voice, a member of this Church, who and given to men? Do we feel that does not know in his heart that the

we are under any responsibilities to Father and the Son appeared to Joseph search these scriptures and make ourSmith, revealed themselves, and made selves familiar with them? I wonder. known again the true doctrine concernIt is my understanding, I hope I am ing God, then that person has not

wrong, that a great multitude of memlived up to his or her requirements, the bers of this Church have never read commandments the Lord has placed the Book of Mormon, are not acquainted upon us, for we should know that fact.

with the Doctrine and Covenants, who We should know that John the Baptist have not taken the time to consider came and restored the Aaronic Priestthe commandments that have been rehood. We ought not to have to depend

vealed for our eternal good, and that upon any other source, only the light to our detriment. of truth which is planted in our hearts

Now we know that there are many by the Holy Spirit through our faithspirits abroad in the land, and as the fulness. We should know that Peter,

Lord says, some of their doctrines are J-ames, and John came and restored the doctrines of devils; some are the comMelchizedek Priesthood with all its

mandments of men. Are we prepared powers, so that the gospel again could

by our knowledge and understanding be preached, the knowledge of God deto segregate these doctrines which are clared, and righteousness again be found of men and which are of devils, from in the earth, for the salvation of all the truth? Are we living near enough those who would repent of their sins

unto the Lord to have that spirit of and turn unto God.

discernment, that we are entitled, as I have in my pocket here an invitawe would be through our humility and tion sent to me personally; it may be

faith, to know the truth that would make many of you have received one that us free? (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1952 909 before you in language that appeals

Joseph Fielding Smith Continued and which you may not be able to answer. It may appear to be established

evidence that controvert, by cannot you reof will Savior repent inviting personally, sent to and men whowas you all is to to need but you abide do your "all gospel. ceive his Are prepared of the to churches to attend we oneme time. all level will things. Time, You will to so doctrines. subject that the be not familiar the myself with wemake will find that doctrine, every every

false craftiness of this to the persent a cunning the men, had who manNow principle, universally matter beno how it. are in world, right the doctrines that to the rightfect to a has send He

if is it lieved, in not accord the with to are this to that that contrary the plan teachings give to andsend you you divine his of to the servants, Lord word

If are of faith not, salvation? eternalinvitation, enough, but have you do we

is it will perish. for necessary us Nor

of of repent. to the gospel then Jesus needknowledge enough we try to to stretch of the the word Lord

I stateto to a read deceived going thatChrist be not you would you am it in a to attempt vain conform make

Iif I that invitation, ago the sometime accept which should and made ment you to these theories teachings. and The

is is true, to guide listen of the to a think doctrines the which andgo and of shall Lord the word pass not away I to this you. be to belongs? hopechurch and which me may man Do

unfulfilled, false these doctrines but and as far truth? the philosophy the So andyou wisdom know

all theories fail. will Truth, only and I definitely, are a of positestimony, concerned, they the world have mean

truth, all will else has remain whentively, rere- that in to unless Father conform they the our nothing heaven perished. said, has Lord The "And of of doctrine, Christ,stored the gospel Jesus that vealed God. word Any

truth of things as they is knowledge it of retruth. in told the the comes whether Smith I knowJoseph name

are, as they were, are and and as they ligion, science, philosophy,that Father appeared the or whatever the and Son to (Ibid., -93:24.) come."I it if is just as conflict here. in as well be, with theto him, am I know it may

I know that Jesus Christ is the Son of revealed word of the Lord, will fail. The Lord bless you, I pray, in the

God, the Redeemer of the world, the It may appear plausible. It may be put name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

A Tribute to President David 0. McKay

by Stayner Richards

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

"y dear brethren and sisters, it is a hard labors, and we rejoice in the way Sir Walter Scott and other great poets.

M'veryto be greatback homeprivilegeagain,andto pleasurebe with theWeLordwereblessedthrilled,them.also, my brethren Duringall of thatus bytourrecitingthe Presidentfrom delightedmemory

loved ones and friends and to partake and sisters, in witnessing what the stanza after stanza from The Lady of of such a wonderful influence as we have gospel of Jesus Christ does to those peothe Lake and other great poems. He

at this conference today. ple who accept it, how it changes their made us all feel that as visitors in

I have not made an accurate count, lives from confusion, uncertainty into foreign lands, we should study the but from appearances the number lives of knowledge of our Father in history of those countries; we should

present here today is a little larger than heaven, his purposes for his children learn of their poets and their artists we have in our district conferences in here upon the earth, and especially for and secure all of the cultural value that the mission field, but the spirit is just the feeling of security that it gives them we could from such visits.

the same. and the hope of salvation and eternal But there was something else, that

A year ago I had the opportunity of life. may not be new to you who know Presireporting missionary labors of Sister Oh, it was wonderful to see how dent McKay well, but I observed that

Richards and myself in the British happy it made these converts that acthroughout that tour, as we got on and

Mission. Consequently I will not duplicepted the truth, and in their homes off the bus, as we walked to one place

cate this morning but only mention a the conditions changed, there was more of interest and back to the bus, there few subsequent happenings. Since that love between husband and wife and was in President McKay the perfect

time King George VI has passed on; his between parents and children. gentleman; always as he approached a

charming and lovely daughter Elizabeth, Of course, the crowning event in our lady he removed his hat, not to -show designated "the Second,"now reigns missionary labors was the visit of Presithat beautiful stand of white hair that over that wonderful country and in that dent David O. McKay and his lovely he has, but through the natural tendency

great empire. She is greatly loved by wife, his son Lawrence and his wife, on his part always to be courteous.

all the people because of her Christian Mildred. I trust that President McKay And then I observed how kind and

virtues and her charming way. The will let me fill in just a few items in considerate he was of his lovely comSocialist Party was defeated at the polls, connection with that trip pertaining panion, how he was always there to asand the Conservative Party under the primarily to himself, as he would be sist her on the bus, to help her off the

leadership of that great statesman too modest to mention them himself, bus, to make sure that she had a proper

Winston Churchill was elected into ofand I shall mention them not just as vantage place in looking over the diffice. a matter of interest, but in order that ferent sights, and then I observed that

The affairs of the British Mission are we might all be benefited by the virtues, he always seemed happiest and most going forward in a fine way under the the exemplary life of this man, our contented when he was sitting next to very able direction of President and leader. her.

Sister A. Hamer Reiser. Our missionary Between the time of the two dedicaThey have been married for over a

experiences there constituted one of the tions in Scotland that he has mentioned, half a century, but time and the passing richest times in the lives of Sister the President with the members of his of years has not dimmed that great

Richards and myself. We did so apparty and about twentysix missionaries, love that he has for his wife, not only

preciate the association of the fine mistook a bus tour up through the highlove, but the tendency also to show sionaries, and we rejoice in the great lands of Scotland, around the Cossacks, every consideration and every attention, development that came to them. We around Loch Lomond, Ben Lomond, as he did during his courting years.

shall ever be grateful to them for their the Brig o'the Kirk, and those places Oh, my brethren, what a lesson there support, their cooperation, and their made famous by the immortal words of is for us, and may I say just a word to 910 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA you here, (I hope the wives will not and let their sorrows be our sorrows. this hand shook hands with a prophet

listen,) I want to ask of you, how long We left Edinburgh 10:20 at night to of the Lord, and we are holding that

since you told your wife you loved her? take the sleeper train for London. As hand closed."One good sister, who was

How long since you brought a few we left that station, there were those sick and could not be there, sent her flowers home to her, and her alone? faithful Saints, headed by one of the two little daughters and said, "You go

How long since you brought some missionaries with such a fine voice, who shake hands with the President, then candy? How long since, after a fine sang in Scotch, rendering songs of farecome back and shake hands with me,

meal, you have told her what a fine well to the party. When we went into and then I will be all right again."

meal that was, and after the meal, our compartment, there were boxes of I know, brothers and sisters, that and you were going out, have you delicious lunch, the finest that could you agree with me, that this was the stated, "I am going out blockteaching, be prepared, which were extended by the greatest event that ever happened to the but when I get back, I want to take you Relief Society sisters of that EdinEuropean missions.

down to the corner for an ice cream burgh Branch. And speaking of the President, I

soda?"On arriving at London, early in the think, myself, that his going from here

Oh, these are just little things, but morning, we were met by the missionacross the ocean to those countries, how they would add to the joy and the aries and a number of the Saints of constituted also a visit of one of the happiness around home. I remember the London District. Flowers were greatest Americans. President McKay

hearing of one of our brethren, when showered upon the womenfolk; greetwent over there with a message of

his neighbor spoke to him after the ings were extended in the most cordial peace, based on righteousness, and acwife had served them a fine meal and way to the President. The next few cording to the principles of the gospel,

said, "My, you have a fine wife."He days, of course, were very busy days thereby, creating the only peace that

said, "Yes, I almost told her so, once, for him in London. would be lasting.

it to the Sunday, happened be On I I tell I die, her."will before thinkand acabout those that now, what And

district conference, and though London Sister this in brethren, connection, the companied him? and Now, McKay

President pleaded the to with spend we if I are others to at to say practically urged going were speak reform youmay visiting in of the forenoon great the some it all this line, of gradual.along the in meetings, she spoke Anyand make

St. as churches, Paul, such Westminster, else a lovelything a such be such a might shock way, motherly might and and

forth, so to in order and spare him sisters, especially to tenderbe the the misunderstood womenfolk. by way,

so times, from speaking he chose many refrain Society workers. to son, telling the Relief I cannot from about The

to attend priesthood the meeting, the is party called thatanother of the Lawrence, general one his neighon who afternoon meetings. the evening and of friend, superintendency to the Deseret andbor happened be Sunday who

approximately were There eleven hunof said, in judgethe the spoke town, the Church, and School Union "Judge, present dred people at the meetings. especially are children, to giving to theLiz going up; and I break I have them

given sermons were Wonderful by to see the School, a message from a divorce."about Sundaycome you He

after him, meetings, those conhe and I hissaid, wife, lovely a Mildred, then always and "Jim, have if you wonder all sented to of shake those hands with of of general the kind to the wife?"your board then hebeen member And

people. tried greeting ever you Have Primary, Priinstructions, her certain togave the gave message he him and

so individually people? many Whensaid, children. workers the Primary and mary back tomorrow you come "Now,

realize also of Presithat the shake you tell of orcauses Therefore, the these three get along."and you how Jim me

is just dent not a McKay's limpid hand ganizations greatly thereturned next were day, the enhanced. judge and

it is affair, firm grasp a but a withsaid, did "Terri- "Well, do?"you how thing should PresiAnother noted. be greeting that heart, big from can you said;ble,"just "I as did told he me. you his as dent traveled party and McKay realize fatiguing, the the exhausting andI fine of a lovely took a candy, box for to unit those a see a people and effect of ordeal. that of wife, flowers tobunch and home my together, journeying family Mormon I observation? another make May I I asjust as presented soon them, gave love, manifesting consideration such and that President enjoys Christian McKay kiss, crying, big aher broke she out and for other, a exemplifying each such virtue that so taught times was many said, terrible a 'This she has beenand life, perfect create to family did much of himself, one's losing Master the by cat the gotday. This run morning better better lives family and homes self others, for self forgetting in and at to failed grocerover; the send noon all countries. those through of others, thinking that he gave no groceries; tonight, here,the and now I to So tribute pay want humble my "to that thought experiexhausting what drunk.'deadyou come home tell to President to you, and McKay, to realized ence doing him. only was He I like to another mention would ob- I realize, as that that you he know it that joy giving to happiness and was certainly pleasingservation that was exemplifies as principles Christian the these people, of had come many whom it I as sure toto other the me, was am Master, virtues the taught that the by this into the because Church Church it. witnessed that the Atmembers disciples his in finer a taught he way apostles has prophets. and And now of servicesclose in the dedicatory Glascompletely that and than any more man to greet they of the prophet the were the President took Edinburgh, andgow I of. all as loved the he And know of President Lord, the the Church. You all of greet to people. thosetime There all people, the loved people him. thrill to the that can imagine came them three in placewere one and hundred

is so. as I did a they kind such man. menHe May another. in they As hundredtwo came

little just as the children tion the came, thing? personal one Just more And little to children, especially him, theup

little tots, greetat at before received they departed equal night 11:40 he an of toextended presents him, one them

ing. said, old, of to Like the Prestwich Master from imagine home, come who ofgiving a present robe an automobile

little to as call Sister "Suffer children, to his so being kind unto come up it, colors others thewith and on McKay is for of of just myself, the Richards such me: peokingdom and common ladies. Presiflowers to thegave The

ple, so this (Matt. great heaven,"19:14) over the in long London, down blessappreciationdent's extending and

little kiddies these distance telephone, realizing a that gave handand man little tots beautiful. thoseing was

sail blessing, to next a day, shake the to they went were and wish and on we of then, older as ones the some And their forget will voyage. way. never us bon We fiftyfour years ago knew when himwho

his part. act kindly that on President this act performed McKay first his mission up andhe on came was

took his hand and placed their heads in the nine other European missions. And now, in closing, my brethren

on his breast and sobbed with joy, you He will never know the amount of and sisters, if we love this man, I think could see and feel the fulness and degood that came to these people and the there is only one way to show it, and votion of his friendship and his love thrill that they received. They will that is for us to take a lesson from his

for those people. Oh, indeed, he was a tell it to their children, and their chilexample and live the gospel of Jesus

great friend to them. dren's children. Christ in every detail, day by day, and

I am wondering if all of us who have In one place it was reported that the that will please him more than anything friends would not like to take a lesson people were shaking hands with the we can do.

from that and manifest a deeper degree other Saints with the left hands, and God bless you all, I pray, in the name of friendship, let their joys be our joys, when they asked why, they said, "Why, of Jesus Christ. Amen.

DECEMBER 1952 911 The youth who has been trained in a

be, in that should purpose of life what "to "to gain immortality"gain andFAITH - an Effective Weapon Latterday Saint home has been schooled eternal life."Having such a purpose,

our boys in military service, anchored by an abiding faith in the omnipotent writof the Almighty, have might power fitting as as epitaphagainst Wickedness in Men and Nations ten was to them a written upon the tombs of early Amerby Harold B. Lee ican heroes,

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE SoSo nighnear isis Godgrandeurto man,to the dustj

When duty whispers Lo, thou must.

The youth replies I can.

uring the few moments that I ocmembered what the Lord said in the cupy this position, I seek humbly earliest commandment which was given It is fruitless for us to try to enjoin for an interest in your faith and in to parents, youth to be chaste by merely doing asDyour prayers. the military have sought to teach,

I should like to take, if I may, a text And again, inasmuch as parents have merely because of a fear of a loathsome from an inspired prayer that I heard children in Zion, or in any of her stakes disease if he is unchaste, or as some of are that organized, which teach not them offer several President beteach, merely schools months our would McKay to the understand doctrine of repentance, of place, a sacred ago in that of the the burden thus come cause would harm faith in of the Christ living the Son God, for faith his in of unchastity. increased as a plea society a result was towhich

... the sin of the the be parheads upon

God, which would act as an effective ents. (D. & C. 68:25.) Paul, the Apostle, taught that we must

weapon against the great antiChrist, be girded with a girdle of truth. What

to which he has made reference this And in that same inspired declaration truth shall we be girded with? Our

dictatorship the truth loins girdedmorning, be and with must communism revelation, the us by gave Lord what in nations, wickedness every that young and handsome and sin and man style fivepoint might as a in we program girl for beautifulmen. is winged every young parents faith. by could teach which

flight. this expression, President In heavenly McKay said, their children he to were be a

is full in that with harmony can an alcoholic we enjoin How which baptizedFirst, they reached the had when prophetshas all the been taught by his except against debauchery we lift age of at accountability eight years;

from the beginning. The Prophet second, they were to be taught to pray; the shades of a darkened soul and let

Ether, 2400 years before Christ, gave third, they were to be taught to walk him glimpse himself as a son of God, expression to that same thought, when uprightly before the Lord; fourth, they as a child of God. The program of the

he said: were to be taught to keep the Sabbath Alcoholics Anonymous starts with two

first, pillars: that the individual fifth, day holy; to and they were be basic believeth in Wherefore, whoso might God alcohol, of quit desire to the use has a to not either in be idle, the suretywith for yea, schooled world, hope a better

faith in a second, he have must and lives. their or in Church, private right ofeven at the a place God, hand

which hope cometh of faith, maketh an All parents who have followed that Supreme Being. Any program upon

anchor to the souls of men, which would formula and have so taught their chilany other basis intended to reclaim make them sure and steadfast, always dren have reaped the reward of an those in the vices of that vicious habit abounding in good works. (Ether 12:4.) increased faith in their family, which is doomed to failure.

has stood and will yet stand the test In short, we might well say, echoing

The Apostle Paul impressed that same of the difficulties into which their chilthat which was written on the Stanford great truth in a negative way, when he dren would yet go. Memorial Chapel walls, we must teach

said, I read not long ago, an expression all such, and our youth, that "all that is eternal short, too is not and all that service, military a young man in life this If in have only hope in from we is infinite small."too not expresis the young in which gave manChrist, of are miserable. most we all men

(I Cor. 15:19.) sion to a faith in which undoubtedly Patriotism and loyalty in defense of

he had been schooled by his parents the Constitution of the United States

Some while ago, I chanced to be visitwho had followed that instruction of is constantly enjoined upon us. Presiing on the campus of Stanford Unithe Master to parents to which I have dent McKay again this morning has

versity, and there on the walls of the already made reference. This was the made reference to the cause of liberty

memorial chapel, I saw written by boyish way our boy in the military servin his remarks. To be effective in such

some unnamed writer, what might be ice declared his faith: teaching, we must begin by inspiring in

considered as a translation of that great each heart the faith that the Constitruth into a formula of action, as a We thank God that we have discovered tution of the United States was written guide through life. This is what was that he will always help us to give our very by inspired men whom God raised up

written there: best, and that we must take more and for that very purpose.

that more from not him we will has been Smith Joseph It was who let that learned him down. have he inWeorder eternal existence in prospect conAn as said that the quoted having time fail will fail not that us and not must weverts the state into of your present whole a

mere vestibule of the grand court of life, an him. Thank God for God. would come when the Constitution

introduction, a beginning of what is to would hang as by a thread, and at that follow, an entrance into that interminable Someone has aptly said, "You do not time when it was thus in jeopardy, the extent of being which is the true life of need to train a boy to be vicious, just elders of this Church would step forth man. The best thoughts, affections, and let him go without training and he will and save it from destruction.

aspirations of great truly soul are fixed a of be vicious In that his own accord."this of elders the Church? Why infinitude of the Destined,upon immortality. I regard, remember what Thomas it sacrilegious to paraphrase be Would great is, foras soul such a immortality, Carlyle wrote: Peter, the of the Apostle words and say isfinds all that eternal, short, too not and

all that is not infinite, too small. that the Constitution of the United

States elders of could be saved by the in life a purpose without A man is as a this this because and Church Church As I pondered the meaning of those ship without a rudder, a waif, a nothing, words and the prayer of President a nobody. Have a purpose in life, and this Church alone has the words of

McKay and the expressions of the having it, throw such strength of muscle eternal life? We alone know by revelaprophets regarding the need for faith, and brain into your work as God has given tion as to how the Constitution came

faith in the Lord Jesus Christ, I reyou. into being, and we, alone, know by

912 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA revelation the destiny of this nation. gressively independent apparently have behead of this world, and a belief in the

The preservation of "life, liberty and come so because of personal and religious mission of Jesus Christ, as the Son of factors to unrelated wholly the government of pursuit happiness"the guarbe can the Living God.

program. basis other anteed than upon no upon

reclaiming of of the souls To me the of sincere faith testimony and the a faith, effect, saying, in be he is must is that begun by building men What of divinity teachings. these

as of the faith in this building the parents dispensation in just and testimony serious regiven a been We have is these were taught people so in must be fundamental their own and essponsibility gospel of in the preaching

Christ to the world. Jesus We have sentialIt wasto thatthis redemption.same thing the Master thefamilies.Lord said,In the early rise of his Church, in meetings preceding been told even

said about the reclaiming of the Jews, this session conference must that we I Wherefore, the the Lord, knowing he declared that minorities. reach out to the bewhen Our incalamity should which come upon the

loved Brother others has urged Kimball habitants earth, called of the upon my fulness the of my gospel shall be preached his energies has for the past devoted and servant Smith, Joseph Jun., and spake unto unto them;

few years to an energetic, proselyting And they shall believe in me, that I am him from heaven, and gave him commandurge among the Lamanites and those Jesus Christ, the Son of God, and shall ments;

minority groups. But again, how can praise the Father in my name. And also gave commandments to others,

these backward children of our Heavenly Then will the fathers gather them tothat they should proclaim these things unto

Father be brought out of darkness and gether again and give unto them Jerusalem the world....

uplifted? for the land of their inheritance. (See III That faith also might increase in the

A lifelong missionary, in commenting Nephi 20:3031.) earth. (D. & C. 1:1718, 21.)

his about the Indians out work among

It great satisof has a been source that grant the gospel of Jesus God in the reservation west in Shoshone faction to that effectively those Christ so might know be me to taught in who in uplift reporting various Nevada, on are for all planning standard that the the mis- a of prayer world now our activities to reclaim the Indians, made sionary to program realized, to President fully out the be given might be that this significant very statement:

stakes and to the missions of the Church, it might be an effective weapon against

All their zealous and patient efforts to have laid as the foundation for the incommunism and dictatorship in nahelp the Indian's plight tend to become troduction of the gospel to those who tions, and sin and wickedness in men, another crutch that the Indian depends upare our friends and investigators, a I humbly pray, in the name of the Lord, on. Those Indians who have become protestimony of the divinity of the GodJesus Christ. Amen.

Antoine R. Ivins by "Upon This Rock"FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY THE OF

*Y beloved brethren and sisters: I than lands. Our purpose is to cultivate without embarrassment but deliberately.

M'thissupposetask Iwithoutshall nevera keen approachsense of Workour soulsin behalfand theofsoulsothersof impliesother people.sacriweNowareif weloyalhaveto thatthat testimony,testimony, andit imif

dependence upon your faith and prayers fice, and sacrifice brings forth the blessplies that we should serve the Church.

in my behalf, that perchance what I ings of heaven. That service is maniThere are many ways of doing this

shall say may be helpful to some of us. fest in many ways. I have in mind the some in the missionary service, some

I feel to bear my testimony to you early missionary work of the Church, in in local presidencies, some as ward today that I know that we are engaged which men, President Young, for inteachers, and many other ways. But

in the work of God, that Jesus Christ stance, undertook a mission while on today I have in mind another type of is the Son of God, and that this work a sickbed. I have in mind the service service. It is a service which impels one

was established by him. of men who had come by very tedious to reach down into his pocket, to take

When he was talking to his disciples, and difficult toil to these valleys, and therefrom the funds that he might use he said to Peter, "... upon this rock who turned around and returned to the for his pleasure and satisfaction and

I will build my church,"(Matt. 16:18) east, pushing a handcart from here all bestow them upon the Church for its

and as I read that scripture, I believe the way to the Mississippi River. I have benevolent purposes. Regardless of the

that rock refers to a revealed testimony in mind the service of my grandfather wonderful progress that has been made that Jesus Christ is the Son of God. I who began in his seventeenth year, I in the payment of tithes and offerings

fancy that if I should ask you who are believe it was, as a missionary for the as indicated today, and in appreciation before me today who can bear testiChurch, and died without ever relinof the tremendous contributions that mony to that fact through the Spirit quishing that service. In it all I can have made possible the building proof God to stand upon your feet, you see a certain element of sacrifice gram of the Church, my mind goes

would all arise. That testimony, brethin the interest of others. We look upon back to a time when the Church had

ren and sisters, is what should impel us it as sacrifice. In its ultimate result, no funds. My wife's grandfather told

to service in the Church in the interest it proves to be not a sacrifice but a me of an occasion when he and a of our fellows. A true testimony that blessing. But we are in the habit of brother companion had the privilege

we are engaged in the work of God looking at those things as sacrifice, and of contributing nine hundred dollars to should bring us to love our fellows, for when we serve in that spirit, and that the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday love has been given by Christ as the spirit only, there is a development and Saints to pay the interest on its obligagospel—thatgreat and underlyingwe shouldprinciplelove Godof andthe soula growthof manandthatancomeenlargementno other way.of the tions,up to thatwhichtimethehadtithesnot equalled.of the ChurchNow

love our fellows as we love ourselves. Now as members of the Church, we we have made tremendous progress, but

The Savior said, "If ye love me, ye will testifyis his Son,that alsoGodthatlivestheandpriesthoodthat Christhas weset inare thatstill respect.far fromInthethegoaltwentyonethat is

keep (see commandments,"my Jphn I priestrestored, that that ministered that years through with been have you

I that, that14:15) gather and from First reorganized as of the the a has been hood unto Church and you member

loyalty to this protestimony which we I this certain that of in Seventy, the never Council and have modern fess service must to the impel us which priestofficer visited of of stake that us every yet hold a where priesthood—theday,indicates fellows. for love our our acstake to translate, to they hood, the the have claimed and wards pay which

I told you before of the statement cording to Brother Clissold, into Japawhat we used to call a full tithing, which I once read which says there are nese, as the power of God. We hold it, which we now call a tithing. We have

more uncultivated souls in the world and we give that testimony to the world {Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1952 913 that he has done his bit to help the

Antoine R. Ivins Continued Church in its work of redemption, for

that is our great purpose. There could

a distance to travel yet if we would meet of man. I have seen men who were so be no greater blessing, it seems to me,

that goal. selfish that they couldn't see their own come into your hearts than peace and

Now the scripture says, "Try me and interest and welfare. Now if we are tranquility, devotion to the work of God,

see if I won't open the windows of going to test our Father in heaven, what and love for your fellow men. I myself

heaven and pour out a blessing upon are we going to expect when we make believe that that is the type of blessing you which you can scarcely contain."our tithes and offerings? I suggest that that comes not only from the payment

(See Mai. 3:10.) What type of blessthe blessings that are to come to us of tithes and offerings, but also from

ing is it you look forward to when you from that service should be expected to service in all the other branches of the pay your tithes and offerings? Is it a be spiritual blessings, the enlargement Church.

temporal blessing, an increase in your of the soul, the increase of our love May God give us a determination to flocks and herds that you have in mind? toward God and our fellow men, an inserve him, with that single purpose,

And if you do, I suggest that perhaps it creased determination to serve and the the purpose of blessing others, let hapis a selfish motive, and selfinterest peace and the happiness that come into pen to us what may come as a result of never develops and enlarges the soul the heart of man upon the realization that service. God bless you. Amen.

Second Session, Friday Afternoon, October 3, 1952

THE POWER OF EXAMPEE OFbyTHECarlPRESIDINGW. BuehnerBISHOPRIC

y dear brethren and sisters, this is did you mean by that statement?"He older ones. In some of our activities, the

a great moment in my life, and I said, "You know, we lived in a comchildren are a little better than the pray that the Lord will make me munity where there were a number of fathers and mothers. When BishopMequal to it. During the past two or Mormon families. My wife and I and Richards was the Presiding Bishop of

three weeks, I have preached at least our children began to notice these parthe Church, he said that we should at fifteen wonderful sermons during the ticular families, our children associated least have a twentyfive percent atmiddle of the night, but I have forwith the children of these families, and tendance at sacrament meeting, and gotten them by morning, so I guess those as they became acquainted with these through the effort of the young people, sermons are lost forever. children, and as we observed the lives we have about achieved that. You know,

It has been a marvelous experience to of these members of the Church, my when Bishop Wirthlin became the Prebe associated with these brethren of the wife and I said frequently, 'We would siding Bishop, he said twentyfive perGeneral Authorities of the Church. I like to live our lives like these people.'cent is not enough; we must raise this

wish you could all have some of that I began to think of the great power of to fifty percent. Well, now we have the

marvelous association. I love these example that we have. If we just reyoungsters on the way, brethren and

brethren. I certainly wish to let them member, brethren and sisters, who we sisters, we have got to bring you along

know again today that I will do all I are, we can be great teachers of our to keep up with your youngsters or we can to sustain them, work for them, and religion by living our lives in conformity are never going to get that fifty percent.

to make their burden as light as posto these great teachings. It has already Then, I guess one day there will be ansible. Last April when Bishop Richards been said in this conference that we are other Presiding Bishop, and he will get

was honored in becoming a member of known the world over. The eyes of the us up to seventyfive percent. They are

the Quorum of the Twelve, I am sure world are upon us, and wherever we go, going to get us perfect one of these days, that we all had the feeling that one whatever we do, how we treat our fellow if we will just listen and follow in the of the great Presiding Bishops of the men and how we live our lives, we are footsteps of these great leaders of ours.

Church had received a very worthy watched and observed by someone. Well, it isn't so long ago that I was a

I there conhonor, wife ago, and was some and or two maybe A year my little a years ago, more or boy—fifty

littlecern as a with couple happen might another were on the and to what the youngsters think don't less, and I new Presiding Bishopric. I have known trip. Just what a glass of milk will today are much different from the way

Bishop Richards for many years. He is do! We had breakfast in Boulder, I was. I enjoyed my youth. I enjoyed

a great and a powerful man and initiNevada, one morning. We had been the activities I had in the Church, and

ated many wonderful things for the served our breakfast and were eating it I have often wondered what might have youth of the Church, but I would like to when the waitress came and asked, happened to me had I not been in a tell you brethren and sisters today that "What will you have to drink?"We community and in a home where they

as Bishop Richards moved into the Quoeach ordered a glass of milk, and she were interested in my welfare religiously rum of the Twelve, another great man said, "I'll bet you belong to the same as well as just from a standpoint of was sustained as Presiding Bishop of Church I do."I said, "What Church general education. I will never forget

the Church. Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin, do you belong to?"She said, "You know as long as I live Bishop Elias S. Woodtoo, is a very strong and vigorous man, what Church I belong to,"and I did, ruff coming into our priests'quorum,

a very spiritual man. He insists that too. I knew which Church she belonged about fifty or sixty of us in a room at

everyone in this Church gets treated to. You have heard of our being identithe back of the chapel, and taking off

equally well. I admire him, I love him, fied all over the world because we have his coat, hanging it on the back of the

and with Bishop Isaacson, it is an honor a glass of milk when we are supposed chair, and then going after us, counselto be associated with him in the Preto have a glass of milk. It's quite a ing and teaching. It was a wonderful

siding Bishopric of this great Church. wonderful thing. I could relate many experience. I remember some of my

Recently, as I attended a quarterly examples that have come to my attenPrimary teachers. I remember some of

conference, a new member of the Church tion where the power of example has the teachers I had in my Aaronic Prieststood up and bearing his testimony been a marvelous teacher to the people hood quorums and all through my early said, "You know, I was seventyfive of the world. school life. I am thankful to the Lord

percent converted to this Church before I would like to say a word in behalf now that these people were interested anyone said one word to me about the of our young people, too. The young in my welfare. I went ward teaching

gospel."That interested me very much, people of the Church in many respects with a man for six or seven years. We

and after the meeting, I said, "Just what are setting a marvelous example to us went to the same district every year.

914 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA As I have become older, I have learned "Mother, I am not going."Then he Depends upon the kind of example set

to love the people more that we used said, "Mother picked up the two suitTo the boy who'd be like his dad.

to visit each month, also the fine high cases, and we went back into the bedpriest who was my senior companion. room, and in the next two hours she Would you have him go everywhere you go?

I was a member of the Aaronic Priestcarefully put everything back again Have him do just the things you do?

hood. I am very grateful for these where she found it in the first place."And see everything that your eyes behold,

all the And woo gods you woo?things. I this related experience in Portup

see the you worship When that shines in land ago, I hope, at sisters, brethren close the weeks two and and that we the eyes littlewill the a fellow, meeting, set desire to have a for of about an example little lovable your lad, ten Of our boys and our girls that they, too, or eleven years old, came up to me and Could you rest content if he gets his wish will become strong in the faith. I can't said, "Bishop Buehner, I had a little And grows to be like his dad?

help feeling that unless our youngsters trouble in my home. I ran away. I

are taught the right way of life, they was only gone two hours, but when I It's a job that none but yourself can fill;

are not going to be strong fathers and got back, my mother just beat the socks It's a charge you must answer for;

mothers in the years to come. They.off me."I said, "What did you do It's a duty to show him the road to tread

need our help, and I hope they will about it?"He said, "Well, I never Ere he reaches his manhood's door.

have it. ran away any more."I said, "Then It's a debt you owe for the greatest joy

I heard this little experience told in there is more than one way to handle On this earth to be had:

The situation,another isn't there?"stake finally Then, here just recently of a that Who pleasurewants toof behavinglike hisa boydad!to raise this I young fellow know,man said, "You who is now of a stake a member

presidency. He said, "When I was a love my father, and I love my mother."(Author unknown)

boy, my father severely reprimanded I thought, what finer compliment can me one time for something that I didn't any father or any mother hear from May the Lord help us raise our boys think I had coming. I talked with my their children than to have them say, and our girls. Our girls are not so

father, and we argued back and forth. "I love my dad, and I love my mother."different from our boys, either, are they?

Finally, I said to my father, 'I don't I think it is wonderful! I am sure it is a marvelous experience to

Ithink a great to have Well, job have treated been we do, you it is a girl be as well as to be a boy, to

I. If togoing "fairly—I am and the can run of course guide away.'we credit be an honor to and a the Church.

Well, the mother heard part of this these youngsters in the paths they hope that we will devote our time andI through the door in the house, but he should go, I am sure they will become our interest in the organizations who said, "I finally went in the house, and the strong men and women of the have these young people in their charge, said to Mother, 'Mother, Father has Church. to build faith and testimony in their

been after me pretty severely today for I would like to close by reading these lives, that they, too, will be happy and something that I didn't deserve, and I few lines entitled "That Boy."stalwart as they grow older and assume

tohave decided run away.'the responsibilities you in Do the of work the

like to be his wants dad! He you men. whatknow said? Mother said, She 'Son, Church.

think, as Did ever you pause, youI will help pack.'you "said, "She He the bless us Lord May the each That and boy watches every your who move into thewent bedroom, got large two every of set Is building in the one responsibilities a laws? that are

suitcases, opened up, for them the and life He's ours, a molding for. you're the I pray in model the humbly of name ornext hour two, she went through the it's whether or And good bad Christ. Jesus Amen.

dresser, the clothes closet, every and place there was anything that belonged to me, carefully folded it all up, and very neatly laid it in the suitcases. It

took a long time to do it. As she would

get the different articles, she would explain when and how I would be able to use each particular article."He said,

"You know, as I have thought about it "BE YE years later, no missionary was ever better packed to leave than I was when my mother got through packing thosesuitcases. Then she said, 'Now, son, I THEREFORE

wish you could come in the living room by John Longden said, minute.'a "He went "We

livingthe said, room, she and 'I would into OBEDIENT"COUNCILASSISTANTOP THETO TWELVETHElike to kneel pray you.'and down with

We knelt down in the middle of the living room, and my mother offered a like ofprayer the never which I have he Though were yet a Son, learned he for thus fulfil us to all it becometh or since. beforeheard for She prayed obedience the things by suffered; he which righteousness."(See 3:1415.) Matthew is saying,me, leave going to boy 'My perfect, being And he made the became If it for necessary was Jesus, the Saviorus, and to over I want you watch of author him eternal all salvation unto them of world, the to so himself, submit in protect that evil.and from 5:8-9.) him. obey him and (Hebrews harm

Keep him away from men who might humility, to the will of the Father, that tempt him. Bless him that he will 1am grateful this afternoon for faith he might be able to fulfil all righteoushave food and a place to stay at night and testimony in this truth of the ness, then how much does it devolve

and when he is through that he will gospel of Jesus Christ, for I know upon us to do these things, and to live come back safely,'and many other wonand testify to you that the Savior is our in obedience to the truths of the gospel derful things. Mother offered a wonRedeemer, and that if we will obey his of Jesus Christ.

derful prayer, and when she got through, truths, we will be blessed abundantly, I am grateful as I visit with the leaders she said, 'Now, my boy, you are going because all blessings which we receive of wards and stakes throughout this to go away, and I do not know how are predicated upon obedience to the Church, to see their faith, their devolong you will be away. I wish you principles of the gospel of Jesus Christ. tion, to see their obedience to the princiwould offer a word of prayer.'"He The Savior was the great example in ples of the gospel. Just a few months

said, "Mother, I do not need to pray. this truth. When he applied for bapago it was my privilege to be on the

She said, 'Thatis right. You do not tism at the hands of John, he was told campus of one of the leading universihave to pray, but I wish you would by John, "I have need to be baptized ties in the Middle West. I saw there

pray for your father's and mother's welof thee, and comest thou to me?"And inscriptions on one of the science buildfare while you are away.'"He said, the Savior said, "Suffer it to be so now: (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1952 915 his Son, Jesus Christ, who is the Author

John longden Continued of our salvation.

I closing, reminded In Samhow am fifth chapter, that twentyMatthew, the quotation each wasings. Under of lesson obedience: the Saul uel taught glory, will his he in comes he there yet one of author, when was thename is better to than Behold, obey "... those of and children men, the divide missauthor's was the name whichon the sacrifice, remember..."We the will be righteous on shall been have inscription who the "Yeing. This was out that Saul story taken had there his unrighteous those side, on right and shall truth the truth, the andknow flocks kept of and the best the them I say: will "For side, was left an he If and are free."8:32.) we (John youmake sacrifice, offering which and burnt as I gave was meat: ye and hungred, me gosof the truths the to obedientto be in obenot idea his and was own I a drink: was ye thirsty, gave and testime abiding deep, apel, have must we him. given the to dience command in: took Naked, ye stranger, and me truth. of love andmony live the to obedience in us Let then sick, I ye and clothed me: was ye and fifteen hundred and about one Just to these us from comes counsel which I ye prison, in came and visited me: was missionaries seven thereyears ago, were the of great Church, our leaders Church they somewhat were me."unto And of to left great this America landwho Saints. of Latterday Let of Christ Jesus did said, "Lord, surprised, when and service of missionary calltake the up of as teachings Paul he the follow us his thee"; and things these unto do we seven those Britain.to Great Among us, have to "Furthermore gave them we as reply, ye was: "Inasmuch significant Kimball,missionaries C. were Heber flesh corrected of fathers our which had least it of of the one unto done have Richards. Willard and Hyde,Orson shall reverence: us, gave them and we it done brethren, have ye these, my 20th the Liverpool at arrived onThey in subjection rather not be we much thus (see 25:3540) Matt. me,"unto to inspired 1837.of were July They spirits, live?"of Father the and unto righteous that those were showing who to the so farther, they went onmove 12:9.) (Hebrews classified unless so have been could not in arrivedcity they Preston. of When the brethren, catch in faith abiding we a may deep, they had my had O city, celebration big athat there was train of obedient being importance and obediof gospel were truth the and the they of progress. bannersin the one On that likewise, they I children our pray, truths. may to those ent humbly prevail."they willread: "Truth And I for bear sisters, example, worthy will follow our that brothers and we my to thanks in unison,uttered be "Amen, I true. are these that witness to this scripture. you of am take heed prevail."for will truthGod, for testimony, for grateful his disciples memChrist with was my my Jesus As

Yes, my brothers and sisters, we do on the Mount of Olives, he said unto bership in the Church of Jesus Christ, not deal in halftruths. We deal in the them, "Fear not, little flock, for it is my and pray our Heavenly Father to bless

whole truth of the gospel of Jesus Christ. will that I should give unto you the us that we may have a deep, abiding

That only comes to the leadership of kingdom."(See Luke 12:32.) As we faith in this restored gospel and

this Church because of believing in the live in obedience to these truths, we strengthen our testimonies by living in divine principle of revelation and being can enjoy the blessings of the kingdom, obedience to the truths thereof. This I

obedient to that principle and teaching. and live for the day when we will be humbly pray in the name of the Lord,

Oh, I realize that we have discouragereunited with our Heavenly Father and Jesus Christ. Amen.

ments. That is only human. They will

come just as long as we live in the mortal flesh, because one of the tools of the adversary is to discourage and to give halftruths, and not sustain the full truth.

I was interested some time ago to read an incident which happened in the The Sacred Triangle life of the French actress, Sarah Bernhardt. She had toured the United

States on many occasions, and this particular time, returning to her native by Matthew Cowley

France, she slipped on board ship, injuring her leg. She would not allow OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

the ship's doctor to give her any attention; she desired to wait until she arrived in her native city of Paris where

take physicianshe her have would own his conferhis sainted to these the in wife where been room coming have

It late. her, ofcare too but it was was ex- a personal of born the as Council was mother a was member

legnecessary that her amputated. be As of for perience general years not imseven and the was now, Twelve I encesof intothey the operather were wheeling us, to absent portance in he was! wrong the I have been That how except when

doctor,ing attendants, room, the the I all for of sea. experience important enjoy of immensely is an the islands

trying to cheer her the nurses wereand is sisters. a always meetings, a us, but this and these my brothers What

bit thisup, but simple she gave them for his standing beautiful at the experience I ask sermon, me. frightening

Iof to pass philosophy you on which wife, side of stood his prayers faith has he for where while I occupy and your isn't "Ittoday: happens what so much lo years, for these in here. the and time many it your it's life, taketo in this you you how I of his also to presence stood listened mother, which the sermon who

couldthat counts."that she proved She of for to her side at the addressed Stayner Richards companion Brother many

take not discouragement. did She I in flashed to years! this There morning, want mind when and him my let me deter fact leg thatthe only one she had related that briefly experience dollars it cost the ten during he that know me

profesherher following beloved from is I to the over long symbol narrow which buy the went hour noon when my for after that.sion years many of east bit surprised the west flowers. and on end a window wife I was some

The message of our Savior to us as when I went into the florist shop, and that great temple, the symbol of the he came into this mortal existence and the lady said, "You know Brother Stayclasped hands. How important that

labored here, knowing that we would ner Richards is the best friend we have symbol is in the lives of all of us! We

have discouragements, that we would here."I do want to thank him for not men of the priesthood who have knelt

need clothing to cover this physical suggesting mink coats. I want to say at the sacred altar and on that altar

body of ours, knowing that we would in all seriousness that the woman God clasped the hand of a sainted companneed food to sustain physical life, was: gave to me is worth a mink coat, worth ion and have entered an eternal tri-

"But seek ye first the kingdom of God more than anything Brother Richards angle, not a companionship of two, and his righteousness; and all these could ever suggest, and I thought when but of three—the husband, the wife, things shall be added unto you."(Matt. President McKay said that the experiand God—the most sacred triangle man

6:33.) The obedient are promised in ence he had as he stood at the side of and woman can become a part of. But

916 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA my heart sinks in despair when I witour stakes where a man was lying upon sustained, and that's the reason I am ness so many who have and are withhis bed. The only part of his body being sustained."

drawing that hand from one another. that he could move were his eyes and Thank you, President McKay, for that

They don't do that until they first dihis tongue. He could speak and he beautiful picture of you and your wife,

vorce God from that triangle, and after could see, but that was all; no life in side by side, touching each other's hands

divorcing God, it is practically imposhis arms; no life in his legs. The home in the room where your sainted mother

sible for them to stay together side by was immaculate; his bed linen was imwas born.

side. We pledge eternal fidelity to one maculate; he was immaculate. Maybe When I went to New Zealand as

another as we kneel at the sacred altar, there was no life in his hands, but his mission president, I went around among and the words we hear are not "until companion held that hand in a grasp the people. Those natives have great

death do you part,"nor "for as long as as strong as life itself. The clasp of memories. They would quote from the

you both shall live,"but "for time and the hand, brothers and sisters—it has sermons of mission presidents, but there

for all eternity."meaning! And when you are away had been one president out there whom

There came into my office within the from one another, if you don't feel a they did not quote, but he preached past week a sister who said she had spiritual clasp stronger than the physito those people the most beautiful serdivorced her husband, married in this cal clasp, rush back to one another as mon they had ever witnessed. Wherever

Holy House; the handclasp had been quickly as you can. You know true I would go and we would refer to that

severed. I said, "What are the grounds?"love is not looking at each other in one grand man, the natives would say, "He

She said, "Drunkenness. I have been of these oldfashioned loveseats—lookwas always holding hands with his

living with a drunken swine."I said, ing into each other's eyes. That isn't wife."When they would sit down

maybe without thinking, "Sister, don't true love. True love is that love which together at the table, their hands

you know that only God and women comes into your heart and motivates would just naturally go toward each can make men of swine, can make men your life when you arise from the altar other, and they would hold hands of beasts?"I said, "Now, your comand both of you look in the same dithe greatest sermon that was ever depanion is no longer your husband in rection, down through eternity. That livered in the history of the New

the eyes of the law, but now he is your is true love, where both are looking in Zealand Mission, the sacred clasp of brother, and there is no law under the same direction. the hands of man and woman.

heaven which can destroy that relaThe Maori in referring to his wife I thank God for your devotion, for tionship. Now, work with him as your says: "Taku hoa wahine."your loyalty, brothers and sisters, to

brother, and I have suggestions which That means, "My companion wife."one another. I thank God for the youth

may help you."The wife, in speaking of her companabout whom Bishop Buehner has

I expect her to come back. I still ion, says: "Toku hoa tane.""My comspoken. I have seen them come into

know that the influence of that woman panion husband."I like that a little betthe temple, a young man and a young

will lead her husband into sobriety, and ter than just saying "My wife,"or "My woman, to be sealed and to clasp their under the goodness and mercy of God husband.""My companion wife,"hands with a pledge of eternal fidelity,

there will return the clasp of the hand. "My companion husband!"Companionand their own fathers and mothers

Brother Lee referred this morning to ship implies a oneness of direction, right couldn't come inside the little gate the Alcoholics Anonymous. That is down through eternity. on Main Street. Yes, brothers and

my organization, brothers and sisters. I see in this congregation men who sisters, in many cases the youth are our

Only recently, as I attended one of are here, maybe not many of you, but examples. The youth are building up

their meetings, I heard a man stand up I know some of you, and you are here the power of the kingdom, and that and bear his testimony. Members of all today because sometime in the past type of youth will never be satisfied unreligious denominations were there, but when your hand was slipping away, and til they can come to that temple gate

these men and women are all of one a little finger maybe was being and walk through, holding the hands mind, and that's to stay aboard the loosened from the clasp, there came a of their motherjs and their fathers.

raft of sobriety by helping one angrip from your companion wife which I thank God for the clasp of the other. And I heard this man say, "Five held you firm. Eternal fidelity, brothhand. I thank God for the symbol of

years ago I was a drunken sot. I was in ers and sisters, I thank God for it. I the handclasp, with all of its eternal

the gutter, and then I met some of you thank God for a hand which will alsignificance. God grant that I may

men. I haven't had a drink now for ways reach out and grasp mine. always have the strength to clasp the

five years. My wife had divorced me. I go about the Church, and I hear hand of my companion wife and that

She had the custody of the children. my name read out as one of the Aushe will always have the strength to

The court awarded her everything I thorities of this Church, and hands are hold my hand as if it were in a vise.

had, which wasn't much, but she was raised to sustain me, but I say within God bless her with that strength, I pray entitled to it. Now,"he said, "I have myself, "My companion wife is being in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

my wife back. I have my children

back. I have converted my wife to the

Church. Last week I was ordained an

elder, and the bishop said, 'Bill, one year from now you can take your wife and those children to the temple of

God and be sealed for all eternity.'

I anticipate in supreme joy the ex- "Suffer the Little Children..."perience going they are to have, kneeling

together, with their hands clasped, and the hands of their children upon their hands, those children being brought by Mark E. Petersen

within that sacred triangle, the man, the woman, and God. OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Yes, sisters, you can make men of us beasts. And, brethren, do not withdraw your hand in the greatest hour

deeply I have been touchedof today h? Sisters need of your gencompanion.

that remarks have I Onceandagainsisters,I amforgrateful,the opportunitymy brothersof theerally been made by do that not withdraw hand.

thank God that when my hand maybe attending a general conference. the various speakers. I would like to

has tended to slip away, that the grip These meetings are indeed stimulating, join with some of them in making 'an of my companion has been as strong and they are very faithpromoting. I appeal on behalf of the young people

as bands of steel, and I have been am always built up a great deal by my of the Church that the parents do all brought back. attendance here, and I am sure that you they can to build faith in the hearts of

I was in a home recently in one of are, likewise. (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1952 917 Mark E. Petersen Contiinuec to HeSundayalways Schoolused to andsend tohis priesthoodlittle boy

little got the boy meeting. But when

I alltheir really children. of did us, sure that of that the Wisdom am Word father realize the to old what enough

it I to matteras parents, love children. "If did not matter. our not am realize to strong a doing what and was

if it in thesure that stand desire they not that Mother, would have we may is interest stream there the there out on it life. I also salvation,the best in should that of But her know why way

in a hand, wanted your he with rod it lives, daily keep parents their to can matter bymany by me me? How first at his to dad. dad go with The

it if actually oftheir daily habits does not keep out Mother heaven, undermine did so protested, because he not much faith their to himself of ofthe say take children out would he heaven?"and own to stay the from not away boy want actions. live justified his to also as incentive the the gosfrom he them the because he thought but Church, of Christ.pel to as taught so the mother him in the And pretty way. boy be would much

One time, when the Savior was in break the Word of Wisdom, he took up Nevertheless, the boy continued to ask mortality and the throngs brought their the habit of smoking. When he went to go with the dad, and finally he did.

little children to him seeking a blessto college and joined a certain fraternity Then, every Sunday that father gave ing, and the disciples attempted to prowhere drinking was the custom, he bethat son firsthand lessons in how to viotect the Savior and prevent the children gan to drink. One night under the late the Sabbath day, firsthand lessons in

from coming, he said, influence of liquor he committed a serihow to stay away from meeting, how to jail. to crime ous went and of And now instead fishing choose on Sunday

little Suffer the to children unto come sat desk, at the weeping mother to my and going Church.

is forbidme, and not: for of such them this ever saying: happen should "Why ofthe of 10:14.) the kingdom God. have did (Mark chance boy What to me?"gospel to the converted becoming when

As I see some parents living so careThere is another couple. They also the father was teaching the son how to

lessly and setting examples of disobeditalk over the breakfast table, and over break the law of God?

their table, converthe dinner by and to theirence children, actually deown little children to the "Suffer come children their also sation teach they theirstroying children's faith their by forbid not"conunto me, by them and father see certain things. Mother and I irreligion, almost the can hearown that habits in have, tinuing any bad you agree family. this to in eye eye They toSavior parents, speaking saythose teaching "forbid not"by them them perfectly, talk things the over they anding, "forbid of violation the commandments,

sit as there agree they they which on of the setting kind not"wrong by at them breakfast. or dinner you do know And little Suffer to the children unto come of of is the "for such kingdom example,

topic of conversation principal the forbid is what not: of forme, and such them God."

is? despise the bishop. they ofthe The kingdom God. How

bishop! How they could tear him limb The Savior said something else:

I remember so well a good sister comfrom limb! Everything the bishop does

ing to my office one day. She sat at my is wrong. Why, nothing in the world Whosoever therefore shall break one of

desk in tears and kept saying over and that bishop does could possibly be right. these least commandments, and shall teach

over to herself, "Why should this That father and mother sit there picking men so, he shall be called the least in the shall of heaven: whosoever but apart, do kingdom pulling and at the him bishop and to thishappen should hapme? Why

called the them, shall be same and teach all they doing can depreciating him, and to able shepen to me?"was When in (Matt. great of heaven. the kingdom feel bishop that the to other each make herself, toldcompose she her about me

of 5:19.) is representative a most unworthy jail, in having a committed wasboy who

the Church.serious said crime. she again, And The Lord also said at another time: this ever to happen me?""Why should Did it hurt the bishop? The bishop

his crime under boy had committedThe fine the job in doing a went right on of offences! because the world unto Woe

of alcohol.the influence hurt. There But ward. for offences somebody was needs come; be that it must

When I found out more about this was a little boy in that family, also. but woe to that man by whom the offence

family, I learned that this was the case: Whom did he believe? He believed cometh! (Matt. 18:7.)

The father and mother used to argue a Father and Mother. He had no reason

good deal over the breakfast table. The to disbelieve them. They were his I believe that one of our great Amerimother loved her cup of coffee. She ideals. They were the law in that famcans is J. Edgar Hoover, the head of the

simply had to have her cup of coffee. ily. And when they, who laid down the Federal Bureau of Investigation. At one

The father always talked with mother law, constantly taught that boy by their time, Mr. Hoover talked about the juveabout it, asked her to live the Word own conversation to have no regard for nile delinquency problem, and, among

of Wisdom, asked her to drink somethe bishop, no regard for anything that other things, he said this: "Our youththing else for breakfast, and always the bishop did, they taught the boy to ful delinquency is a problem which

mother would say, "You can't tell me disregard everything for which a bishop strikes into practically every home in that a cup of coffee will ever keep me stands. America. It is something to which every

tell give of deepest the can't parent that considerashould heaven.out You me is a man. young grown boy That now

is responsibility to so for the going becausethe Lord be narrowthe has tion, in Church. does nothing He

lies infraction of He youthful will out law today that keep he moreminded me respect for respect Church, no the no it I of doorstep the regularly, to adult the on than goheaven Church when for the his nor for bishop, who men

I of It does exists that coffee."of youth. the drinkjust a because cup on bishop. installed the

justified herself sheAlways ofthat part in breaking Who is responsible? Itlargelyis duebecauseto a oftendencya lack ofto discipline.evade reof Wisdom. the Word

There was sitting at that breakfast Suffer the little children to come unto me, sponsibility that parents in many inallowed to their children have little little boy.table, a boy That and forbid them not: for of such is the kingstancesstray proper guidance, in without and tolistened conversation the between of God. dom straying, of crimes thousands commit as thefather mother, mother and and

of of infractiondefended her the Word son, a friend I have a who has and whichgirls yearlysend intoso manyprison."of our boys and said that the as the motherWisdom, this friend fishing every out goes Sunday

cup of coffee would not matter and or hunting. He is a member of the Last Saturday there was an editorial

the Word of Wisdom really did not Church. He thinks he is a pretty good in the "Church Section"of The Deseret

matter, either, that little boy believed member of the Church, except that he News which had to do with the example his mother. does not observe the Sabbath. He does of parents to children in regard to the

When he got a little older, he still not pay his tithing. He does not obdrinking habit. This editorial indibelieved his mother. When he started serve the Word of Wisdom. But if you cated that the great majority of drinking

going with boys who smoked, he began ask him, he is a good member of the parents have drinking children, and the to smoke. His mother had taught him Church. great majority of nondrinking parents

918 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA have nondrinking children. It was the practices and officers of the Church, qualities, and should receive the encouragebased upon a study made by one of the do you find a tendency in the children to ment of every person in the Church.

likewise? oflarge colleges part the eastern the do in it concludes, And then

express parents openly disapproval When editorial States. on: goesUnited The

the wise man of old said, "Train of of tithing in the are the When law the home, in the a child he go,"should up he way tithing? to children apt pay its effect of parents and example The certainly in the of expower had mind father go fishing mother and and is When at all the limited to children notupon the of parents. part the ample on or outings to the hunting on canyon on It of liquor. entersuse every other phase

of the child's life. the Sabbath, do the children prefer to reParents, you can encourage or disat to alone go main and Church? home faith child's courage religious your and children were seen you Have many who

it, realize parents every Although not do activity. acts, your By you can own for prayer, toconverted instance, had who

its lives effect of their their act has upon... either faith destroyparents or never promote prayed? can you who

It is children. true that children love many

it faith. will the "Suffer be? Which are children seen you Have who many principles their parents, higher than do

little children unto me, and to comeregular parents attenders whose Church to principles of those regardless hold and never come? There are some, it is true, what their parents do. Such children are forbid them not: for of such is the kingand they are to be commended most highly grieved at the weaknesses of their own dom of God."

for it. But such are in the minority. parents, and wish it were otherwise. ChilMay we follow that instruction, is my

And when you find parents who criticize dren of that type are made of sterling humble prayer, in Jesus'name. Amen.

by Marion G. Romney

Trust in the lord OF THE COUNCIL OP THE TWELVE

beloved brethren and sisters, I that whosoever shall put their trust in of the earth in this last dispensation. The

afflictions, their troubles, and and all flesh this intheir prayers, corrupted I extend shall that because was and andMy ask for an interest in your faith God shall be supported in their trials, and Lord told the Prophet Joseph Smith 36:3.) the last day. (Alma be lifted up at of the darkness before powers are watching the people tovitation him, and who

over television and who are listening And I plead with you to determine prevailed upon the earth, these angels in on the radio. now, in your youth, to trust in the Lord were

I, to consider too, youth live for would like there For his promises. and

great the to reap waiting down command I shall direct butfor as moments, follow, a few blessings are promised which my tares the to gather that the earth, they to directly them. to of theremarks night the day, obedience each (D. C. 38:1112.) be burned. & may

With the help of the Holy Spirit, for the Lord's commands.

which I earnestly pray, I desire to enTake for example, the promises given That was in 1831. In 1894, President

courage you young folk to put your in the Word of Wisdom. Says the Woodruff said:

trust in the Lord, and by keeping his Lord, of angels destruction the held has God live for his promisedcommandments, lest years for reap they should down all many Saints to keep... and remember who I that becauseblessings. This do I know

I tares. to the with the But want wheat these sayings, to the in obedience walking do qualify to meet other course can youno left tell those angels the have now, you shall their in receive health commandments,

lie of life issues thesuccessfully which of this portals over they stand heaven, and to their bones; navel and marrow

ahead. And shall find wisdom and great treaspeople and this nation now, and are hoverures of knowledge, even hidden treasures; ing over the earth waiting to pour out the

It is better to trust in the Lord than to And shall run and not be weary, and judgments. And from this very day they

put confidence in man. shall walk and not faint. shall be poured out. Calamities and

It is better to trust in the Lord than to And I the Lord, give unto them a promtroubles are increasing in the earth, and put confidence in princes. (Ps. 118:8-9.) ise, that the destroying angel shall pass there is a meaning to these things. (The

by them, as the children of Israel and not Improvement Era, 17:1165.)

In these lines the psalmist has voiced slay them. (D. & C. 89:1821.)

an eternal truth which every soul will Now, my beloved young brothers and recognize and acknowledge sooner or This reference to the destroying angel sisters, in view of this revealed knowllater. passing by the children of Israel brings edge and understanding which the Lord

Some people, like Cardinal Wolsey, to mind that to persuade the Egyptians has given concerning what is transpiring to their sorrow, learn it later. You will to let Israel go, about us, is it not a glorious thing to

recall that he gave a long life in the have the assurance that if we will clothe service of three English sovereigns and... the Lord smote all the firstborn in ourselves with bodies purified through

enjoyed, while he did it, great wealth the land of Egypt, from the firstborn of observance of the Word of Wisdom, and power. Finally, however, he was Pharoah that sat on his throne unto the these destroying angels will pass us by,

of firstborn captive the that in the was Israel, of children the did and as they of all his greatness imshorn an by all cattle. of firstborn the dungeon; and this of slay us? the is one Well, not he'as king.patient then, only It was

. cry in there Egypt; a great. and was of to the blessings observance follow disillusionedstood the ruins among of for there. there house a not where was was

of Wisdom. Wordhis life, said that (so Shakespeare he (Ex. 12:2930.) dead. one not

puts it), The promised blessings for obedience

But in his deathdealing mission the to the law of tithing are many. One

Had I but served my God with half the "destroyer"was to pass by, and did of them has to do with the productivity zeal I soil. of the being impressed remember by, firstborn slaying pass the without

king, in I served he not mine would my this years twentythree thought with Israelites therein, of those the homes age I this as to listened conference the ago lintels their door marked and had who left enemies. naked Have to mine me E. of Elder remarks Talmage. James of side posts the blood with a lamb, III, Sc. VIII, 2.) {Henry Act

he, Said Lord. as directed the by

Now, my beloved young brothers and From this promise in the Word of Do you know that the soil can be sanctisisters, in the words of Alma I testify Wisdom and other scriptures, it appears fied by the tithing of its products? The

to you that I do know, as I know that that there are destroying angels who land can be sanctified. There is a rela-

I live, have a work to do among the peoples (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1952 919 temptation. I understand it better now,

Marion 6. Romney continued and I feel the same way about my boys

as he felt about me.

tionship between the elements and forces than temporal things. But I believe I can think of no blessings to be

of nature and the actions of men. (Conferhe also gives us blessings of a temporal more fervently desired than those promence Report, October 1929, page 68.) nature."(The Improvement Era, ised to the pure and virtuous. Jesus

42:457.) of different specific for spoke rewards

is statement This with in harmony tithing for paying reward Another it is virtues greatest, reserved so but thethe sentiments of President Brigham being against in guarantee a consumed for "for in heart, the seems to pure me,Young. Said he3 the the burning advent to accompany he, "shall they,"said see (Matt. God."

eightyfifth Savior. secthe In the 5:8.) see the shall they not only And valleys, rich about these there of Talk why

tion the of the Doctrine Covenants, and feel in shall Lord, but they at homeis earth that not another people could on have come here and lived. We prayed Lord explains that his purpose in tithing his presence. Here is his promise:

over the land, and dedicated it and the his people is "to prepare them against water, air and everything pertaining to the day of vengeance and burning,"... let virtue garnish thy thoughts unthem unto the Lord, and the smiles of (v. 3) and in the sixtyfourth section he ceasingly; then shall thy confidence wax

heaven rested on the land and it became says, strong in the presence of God. (D. & C.

productive. (Discourses of Brigham Young, p. 121:45.)

483.) Behold, now it is called today until the

coming of the Son of Man, and verily it is The rewards for virtue and the con-

A companion reward for paying tith- a day of sacrifice, and a day for the tithing sequence of unchastity are dramatically ing sounds almost like crop insurance. of my people; for he that is tithed shall portrayed in the lives of Joseph and

Listen: not be burned at his coming. (Ibid., 64:23.) David.

Joseph, though a slave in Egypt, stood

Bring ye all the tithes into the storePersonally I have always considered true under pressure of the greatest house, that there may be meat in my house; tithing to be the law of inheritance in temptation. As a reward he received

herewith, prove saith theand Lord now me for of Zion, said the the land Lord all of blessings choicest sons the the if I hosts,of will not the open winyou all that the gave those he law when of the of progenitor became Jacob. He blessof heaven, and pour adows out you it to gathered observe should Zion who tribes of Israel. the favored Most twoing shall that there not be enough room not or they should to abide be worthy in pride take of being us numbered it.to receive

And I will rebuke the devourer for your among the inhabitants of that land. among his posterity.

sakes, and he shall not destroy the fruits (Ibid., 119:5.) David, on the other hand, though

last specific the now, commandAnd neither shallof your ground; vine of highly your favored the Lord—indeed,

I to direct attention your ment whichcast her fruits before in the time the fields, to as after God's he was referred a man saith shalt adultery."not "Thou the Lord of hosts. (Ill Nephi 24:10is, commit unchastity His own

11.) (Ex. 20:14.) led to heart—yielded.murder. The consequences—like

recall, will of course, You his lost families Alma's Lucifer and he fell; he

President Grant's boundless faith that teaching his son Corianton that unhis exaltation. (Ibid., 132:39.)

prosper thosethe Lord would who were is chastity the serious most offense there brothers now, and And my young liberal their his in building with means of sight is in the God, save murder only. sisters friends, I shall and not say more

distinct effect has akingdom had upon will too, these remember, You words except plea to that renew you bemy of his will recall you Manymy life. Paul's from first epistle to the Corinlive of for lieve in the promises and

account of attending a Thursday mornthians: the Lord. Don't be as the people

fasting at his meeting bishop which of in the days Malachi. were They

for Presidonations. appeal an that are ye notmade the of ye temple Know it argued unprofitable that vain was and

that Spirit God, of the and dwelleth Grant,dent a very though God man, young it, as to serve because, they saw God in you? his inin pocket he $50.00had which the proud the wicked happy, were made If defile the any temple of God, man in to deposit thetended bank. But he set up, they that tempted were and God shall (I destroy. Cor. 3:1617.) him God so his bishop's impressed apwas by delivered. to the sense good Have

thatpeal tendered the $50.00. he whole realize as that today, and remember First years the ago Presidency Ten bishop took $5.00 and handedThe him as in of well the days Malachi, book a said to of the the youth "Better Church, his stating that $5.00 $45.00,back was is of before the written remembrance clean, alive dead unclean."thanfull share. replied, President Grant for fear that those Lord think him and father I remember impressed how my right"Bishop do Woolley, you by what his name, upon seriousness the of unchastity upon my of the puttingrob debt? Lord me in my

mind. were standing and I in the He that preach here theDidn't today you shall saith they the Lord mine, And be railroad station at Rexburg, Idaho, is fourfold? rewardsLord mother My hosts, in of in that day I make up when my the early of morning 12, November needs she hundreda widow, two and jewels; I will as spare them, and a mandollars."1920. We heard the train whistle. In spareth his own son that serveth him.

"My boy,"queried the bishop, "do three minutes I would be on my way Then shall ye return, and discern beyou believe that if I take this other to Australia to fill a mission. In that tween the righteous and the wicked, beforty-five dollars you will get your two short interval my father said to me, tween him that serveth God and him that

not. him things, other son, are serveth among you "My dollars quicker?"hundred

For, shall the behold, that cometh day long going a from But home. your way replied "Certainly,"President Grant.

all as yea, oven; proud, burn the and an I, sisters brother mother and your and expression of faith Here an was which all that wickedly, shall stubble: and do be will constantly with be in you our withstand. bishop couldthe not He that the shall and day cometh them burn

prayers; shall rejoice thoughts and we $45.00.took remaining the it saith shall up, of hosts, the that Lord

President Grant testified that on his with you in your successes; and we shall leave them neither root nor branch.

way from that fast meeting back to sorrow with you; in your disappointwork, "an idea popped"into his head, ments. When you are released and Says the Lord in a glorious promise

acting upon which he made $218.50. return, we shall be glad to greet you to the righteous,

Speaking on this incident years later, and welcome you back into the family he said, "Someone will say that it circle. But remember this, my son, we But unto you that fear my name shall the

of arise in righteousness healing with Sun this station to rather would come and I do happened have anyway.would

forth, shall his wings; go grow ye and and off take train the your in a casket body I it think happened.not have would

stall. 3:1718; as of calves the (Mai. up to than have unclean, you come home idea. I got the think have woulddo not 4:1-2.)

lost virtue."having your believer the that firm Lord a... I am

opens up the window of heaven when I pondered that statement at the time. Oh, my beloved young folk, believe

we do our duty financially and pours I did not then have the full underin and live for the promises of the Lord out upon us blessings of a spiritual standing of it that my father had, but by keeping his commandments. If you

nature, which are of far greater value I remembered it every time I approached will do this, even though you do not 920 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA full have now confidence let in unto those the yea, Lord: the promaffections of thy here this upon earth revealing by to ises, I heart assure be placed that the that you upon forever. confidence Lord the them gospel. Line line upon and Counsel the with all will in Lord come. thy doings, precept upon precept were revealed unwill direct he and for thee good; yea, when til they received had the gospel same liest... at lie night down never the be of unto down weary works, good but thou

its in plan fulness as it tohave Lord, we that he watch over be may in you... lowly in meek and heart; for your such

shall find rest to their souls. sleep; and when thou risest in the morning day.

O, remember,... and learn wisdom in let thy heart be full of thanks unto God; Part of that gospel plan was that

thy youth; yea, learn in thy youth to keep and if ye do these things, ye shall be lifted Adam and his posterity should offer

the commandments of God. up at the last day. (Alma 37:3437.) sacrifices. One day Adam was offerYea, cry and for unto all ing thy support; God a sacrifice unto the Lord, and an

let all yea, grant that thy doings God be so, be the unto Lord, it may I humbly angel appeared unto him and said: and whithersoever it let thou in goest the in pray be of Jesus Christ, name our

the Lord; yea, let thy thoughts be directed Redeemer. Amen.... Why dost thou offer sacrifices unto

the Lord? And Adam said unto him: I

know not, save the Lord commanded me.

And then the angel spake, saying: This

thing is a similitude of the sacrifice of the

Only Begotten of the Father, which is full

Wherefore, thou shalt do all that thou The Only Name Given ofdoestgrace and truth. of the in the name Son, and thou

shalt repent and call upon God in the name of the Son forevermore. (Moses 5:6-8.)

On another occasion Adam and his Under Heaven posterity were also given the commandment to repent of all their sins and be baptized in the name of the Only Beby Milton R. Hunter gotten Son. Even in that early age,

of OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY theFatherOnlyAdamBegottenwas toldwasthatJesusthe nameChrist, and that that name was "... the only

shall which name he given under heav- I dear sisters, y brethren and do Time, of being born a mortal woman, en, whereby salvation shall come unto trust humbly that and pray virgin, the a being the and Begotten Only the children (Ibid., men."of 6:52.) Spirit of will direct in God of Son in flesh. me the God Thereby he Enoch, Noah, and the other greatM I the this few remarks afternoon make was a endowed with superior amount prophets of antiquity received revelain bearing testimony. and of my godliness. lived life a perfect He tions similar to the ones that had Adam while in mortality has a There and been through growing tendency examreceived; and they preached the unto ple taught live. us to the during past years for how closed few ministers He people, saying unto "... them: repent his mortal of probation various religions, Christian enduring by writers, that of sins your and be baptized in the name great suffering others and to numerous which was necessary dithe deny

... of Jesus Christ, as even our fathers. for to vinity of him through in go Christ. for order Jesus forth put They him (Ibid.,..."8:16, 1920, 24.) to take the upon himself sins claim the that of great a he the was teacher of The Book originally was Mormon world. So intense class his and the was prophets, pain that him among but written and brought forth in latter the

it caused to they him sweat that literally blood deny he from every was the Son day primarily for the purpose testiof pore of his of body; the true this Living did and he that and God. fying to the divine calling of the Only

if not suffer might we will his keep we the of It Begotten. the of We, members serves Church as a witness new commandments. In revelation modern Christ of Jesus Saints, Latterday is that reJesus the Christ, the Savior of he declared: volt against teachings, such the world, because the we Begotten Only of the

different. Father, know accept Jesus Christ and the only We shall name which I, For behold, God, have suffered these Lord, as our as our be given our king, God, as under heaven salvawhereby things all, for that they might not suffer as our Savior tion as shall and Redeemer, the the come unto if children of they repent; would

Only Begotten Son the of God here in But if they would not repent they must men.

flesh, and as the all suffer of embodiment I; as even In his old age, King Benjamin, one of

is that fact, good. in suffering In his Which premortal caused great the myself, kings even God, and in prophets the Book

the life, all, greatest of to this even before tremble creof because world was days, of Mormon called his people topain, to bleed and at every ated, pore, to he enjoyed the and status of for godgether the of purpose turning the suffer both spirit. body and (D. 19:16- C. & hood. Acting in that capacity, along kingship to over his son, Mosiah. As 18.) the with Father, Eternal to he helped part of the ceremony, he delivered to

create this as world, as well other the many people of one the greatest sermons Finally, after crucified, being the on worlds. that find we recorded in the scripholy third rose day he from the grave, broke tures. His Before instructions beings placed were human had such upan the of death, bands and brought about

this overwhelming earth,on gospel, and the powerful effect the of plan upon universal resurrection. Therefore, every the salvation, of his members after was kingdom that him, named namethey man, woman, child and that has ever all fell ly, the the upon gospel of in ground Christ; Jesus and humility he lived, or ever shall live this earth, upon cried and unto tobecame as purify the their of known God Author hearts the regardless of righteous how or how forgive of andplan salvation. of Also, their sins them the priesthood through wicked or he she have been, will may the atoning given towas blood of him, after and Jesus Christ. named him, rise from the grave and receive im- (Mosiah 4:1-2.) calledbeing the Priesthood They Holy after covenanted with. mortality through 'the grace of Jesus the tothe Lord all of Order of keep the of his Son God. commandChrist. to But those take who upon ments from that day forward. then After And mortal beings were placed themselves his upfaithfully name and keep King Benjamin told those people that this earth,on his and throughout various commandments, he has a promised of one the principal for purposes callinggospel dispensations, he served as blessed life. eternal the

together them to was give unto themMediator between the heavens and the After and Eve Adam cast had been a name. new stated that He theearth. Acting in name that capacity, rehe out of the of Garden Eden, having that he gave that them day thevealed was the truths, gospel the will of the passed through Fall, the having a had of Christ. name said unto HeFather, them: through the holy prophets to veil over drawn their minds so thatthe family human from to age as age they forgotten had their. premortal extherefore, I that would should ye takethe needs required. istence the and gospel of the.. you plan upon of salvaall Christ, name that you to earth He came in the Meridian of tion, Jesus his began work as the Savior (Continued on following page) 1952DECEMBER

resurrection, it will be quickened by a

Milton R. Hunter Continued celestial power and raised a celestial

of celestial glory degree orb, the being saved. the entered into covenant withhave be God mankind whereby may heaven

all the various for throughout people the thethat should unto be end obedient ye of loss of Christ the went of This name taken dispensations gospel have who (Ibid., lives. 5:8.)your loss of the the in with hand hand of Christ the themselves name upon true of ordinances the priesthood and sufhis kept commandments have and took people Benjamin's King upon the of doctrines the Master by and his into ficiently to back well come enof Christ thethemselves and name constituting thereby Catholic Church, 25- (Ibid., 88:1719, dwell. to presence all of his totered a keep into covenant Apostasy. the Great

will with earth crowned be 26.) Thiscommandments.

The early Christian reformers broke the glory of the Father, and it shall be

And it came to pass that there was not away from the Catholic Church begiven to the Son. It will then be

one soul except it were little children, but cause of the numerous manmade, false Christ's world, his kingdom, for he has who had entered into the covenant and doctrines, teachings, and practices that atoned it through the work that he did taken entire organizationhad the corrupted upon them the name of Christ. had that he spilled. (Ibid., blood and the

(Ibid., 6:2.) of the Great during the period 130:7, 9.) 101:65; Apostasy. 88:9;

of after Christian these another One is celestialized, this after earth Thus, also instructed: Benjamin their of churches reformers organized will of Father the Begotten the Only

of claimed however, them, own. None this of as reign the and here Lord of the God covenant because which now, And direstoration or revelation nor divine

chilSaints called shall earth. righteous the be haveye ye have made Those who Christ; rect but Jesus from commission his his of Christ, daughters; sons anddren living in while the kept commandments

their in churches natural came a way spiritually bethisfor hath behold, he day their will, in accordance with mortality after being, they into and them namedgotten you;... Christ's merits, into even kingdom, enter

for after example, or movements; free, this are ye men head under made And celestial realms. bethe have They

is Baptists, other as ye there can head whereby Lutheran, the no churchesand such children, Christ's having been come is free. other no Therebe name made Presbyterian, Methodists, numerous and Father. they the to Thus, given by him... (Ibid., salvation cometh;given whereby all dilacking others, and manmade, '

... his his sons and become have5:7-8.) existence into authorization, came vine

... shall called be daughters, by and

as result Protestant a of Reformathe 5:7, Christ."8.) of the (Mosiah resurrection, Savior's name the Following tion.

in anhere people to the appearedhe I sisters, brothers would and Now, my It that in not kept should be mind thecient taught same them America and I as testimony. like to bear know my of Christian reformers early these one of that salvationgospel had he plan I I I live, I that as that know am know definitely the himself took upon name mortality. in to while thetaught Jews is Christ, here, that the Jesus standing his calling in of Christ church by the into heaven,After ascended had he Beworld, the of the Savior the Only Christ's Eternal Father was name. The discussing they shouldpeople were what his Father, that of the gotten and name for his the reserving that Church, name estabthat church he the hadname is shall given be the only which name the prophets holy Church which had disciples so lished, twelve the and saved. be can whereby heaven under we latter restored in the predicted be would fasting. in prayer united mighty and at his sufferings I Geththat by know April 6, Therefore, 1830, the days. on faith, prayer, of result their and aAs blood sweating Golgotha, and semane five and Prophet companSmith Joseph fasting, their in midst and stood Jesus his of his body, pore by and every from in in acting York, Fayette, ions New it do that should asked he what was himself sacrifice, took he upon atoning line revelation heaven, divine with from for there replied that had them. They if will sufferings sins our our we and of Christ. organized Jesus the Church the people arisen disputations among all of his keep repent commandand took the themselves name upon They call the regarding they should what I to the belong ments. and You who of built Christ; that they Church and requesting: church, reof Christ should true Jesus Church as gospel, his the Lord had upon

all that at entimes have we a member that should such be out pointed tell us the will that wouldst thou We sacred covetered a solemn into and his for preface his requisite In Church. call this church. should whereby wename

all of to to render obedience nant... to the Lord Covenants, the said Doctrine and them: the Lord unto And

If will prove commandments. God's we given that Christ declared he Jesus had scriptures, the not read which they Have

I I so, as as sure faithful in doing am ashis the of Smith Prophet and the take Joseph say ye you must name upon

I here, that that today we am am sure is this Christ, For name sociates by which name? my

shall ye be called at the last day;... will rise with the just and, after standTherefore, whatsoever ye shall do, ye shall... power to lay the foundation of this ing before the judgment seat, be brought

do it in my name; therefore ye shall call church, and to bring it forth out of darkinto the celestial world to be crowned

the church in my name; and ye shall call ness, the only true and living church upon with glory and exaltation. We shall be

upon the Father in my name that he will the face of the whole earth, with which I, found "at the right hand of God,"bebless the church for my sake. the Lord am well pleased,... (D. & C. ing heirs to Christ's kingdom; and we

And how be it my church save it be 1:30.) will be permitted to live eternally with

called in my name? For if a church be our Savior upon this earth as celestial

called in Moses'name then it be Moses'You and I, as Latterday Saints and beings. At that day we will be counted

church; or if it be called in the name of members of Christ's kingdom, are humhis, even sons and daughters of Jesus

it but of a the church man; be then a man his shall looking prayerfully forward to Christ, name, be by known and and

it is if it then in called be name my ourof taken great as the of having my thebly upon Son a result day when Man if built it are that they upon so be church, reign having to of Christ his in selves glory and to earth shall the come name 7-8.) 27:4-5, gospel. Nephi (3my

all lords, things. of in faithful as years the Lord proved thousand one

for that long kings. of King and We bless even me, and you in the MediterChristians early God May The all people priceless throughday when of of Jesus the Church the themselves member took world upon ranean shall earth entire turn unto the out will Saints, that Latterday of him everyChrist recall, all we they Christ. of As you name their their as Christ accept Jesus and all Lord's of the commandments keep as Christians. generally were known their their their Savior, Lord, and God, great these of live thereby worthy and to spread their as began numbers But shall take that they At King. day upon rereceive the eventually blessings and the in rather numerous become and his his keep themselves and comname faithful. to the that comes seeds May as the ward world, and Mediterranean righteousness Peace and mandments. presinto the back come day some 185 we to grow, about of apostasy began

universally. prevail will be Son, the and of Father ence the and the to leaders change decided the A.D.

name to Catholic, meaning universal. At the end of that one thousand years'known by Christ's name eternally, the

Thus by choosing to call themselves period of time, this earth, which has only name given under heaven whereby "Universal"they lost the name, or set been living under a celestial law, will man may be saved, I humbly pray, aside the name, that God had decreed die. Like the human family, it will through the holy name of the Only Bewould be the only name given under be resurrected. At the time of that gotten Son. Amen.

922 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA said, "My son, come home clean."Her

lips quivered, and mine did, as I said, "Mother, I'll come home clean."

That was all we could say without breaking down, but I have never forgotten that promise. It has been a great

help to me throughout my life. When

I arrived in Liverpool—I had been seasick all the way—I remember dressing

and coming out just a few hours before the boat arrived, and passengers looked around at me. I was dressed in

a light suit, and was very slender, and

I could hear them whisper, "Where did he come from?"

Brother James McMurrin of the European presidency met our boat; and

as I shook hands with him, and gave him my name, he asked if I were a brother of David O. McKay. I said I

was, and he replied, "if you make half as good a missionary as your brother, we will be satisfied. I think I'll take

you to Scotland with me tomorrow

THE ASSISTANTS TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE night. We are holding conference in

Seated, left to right: Thomas E. McKay, Clifford E. Young, Alma Sonne, and Glasgow."

George Q. Morris; standing, left to right: Stayner Richards, EIRay L. Christiansen, Well, I expected to go there. I had

and John Longden. a little black book full of addresses,

and I thought that would be all right,

Third Session, Saturday Morning, October 4, 1952 onlyference.it frightenedBut afterme theto thinkmeetingof conthe

next day, where we each had an opportunity to bear our testimonies, Brother

said: his and hand on my shoulderHigh Standards McMurrin came to me again. He put "Brother what would McKay, by Thomas E. McKay think, and what would your parentsyou

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE think if we sent you to Germany instead of Scotland?"

I did I dropped head. not know my Counselors, in the printed proceedings of the missed and McKayPresident

I for to say, then a minute and what conference. General Smith, other AuPresident

thorities of the Church, and brethOf course, I enjoy listening to all the remembered what my father told me ren and sisters: It is a great pleasure brethren, but I enjoy listening to some when he bade me goodbye. I am sure

and privilege for me to be with you this more than others. That sounds a lithe was inspired. He said, "It does not

morning, to partake of this fine spirit tle like President J. Golden Kimball. matter so much where you work, as how

and to see so many of my brethren and I should not say this, but when these you work. You go where the Lord wants

sisters that I have visited in the stakes. things come into my mind, I generally you to go."

I am especially happy to be here let them out. I repeated that to Brother McMurrin,

this morning to hear our German choir, He said, "You know, Brother Thomas, and he put his arm around me and and last Saturday night in Huntsville I love all the brethren, but I love some said, "That is wonderful."He said,

I had the privilege of hearing our Swiss of them a dang sight more than others.""President Schulthies is in Berlin, premembers give a wonderful concert. I Well, I do love to hear all my brethren, siding over the German Mission, and

am especially interested in these peoand I have especially enjoyed these he has written asking for some misple, as you know, because I have spent sermons. I have thought quite often, sionaries who would probably make

later, presidents conference and we his President while charmtimeconsiderable McKay and among them—nine

large in this a missionary group fine haven't his ing wife three misand Lawrence be exact, andbirthdays, to and sions. wife were visiting over in Europe, that I assigned to Germany. I think we will

I enjoyed the opening prayer this was not afraid of them discovering send you there."

morning, and I have especially enjoyed something that I had done that I should Well, I took it with my chin up unPresident Clark's talk on prayer. I love not have done, and that is largely due til I got to my room in the hotel, then

that theme, and the thought comes to to the influence of my mother. my chin went down, and I tell you I

me now of this statement: "Families When I was called on my first mishad a good cry. But it was the best

that pray together, stay together."sion, just after the return of President thing that ever happened to me, broth-

I was especially interested also in the McKay from his first mission, fortytwo ers and sisters. I should have been

wonderful sermon delivered by Presiyears ago, I was called also to the welcomed in Glasgow because of my dent McKay in the opening session and British Mission; my brother and my brother and my father before me. It

in his remarks about his tour in Europe. father had been there and they had was up to me and the Lord now. I could

Most of those countries I have visited. given me names and addresses of peonot speak a word of German. I spent

I was very pleased to hear the greetple whom I probably would meet, and two or three days in London and ings from President Bringhurst in when I left, they knew I felt very weak, then went to the World's Fair in Paris,

Vienna. If I had time, if I were out and I was. I was always a home bOy, where I visited until I received my apin a stake where I was my own boss, had never been away from home, never pointment from President Schulthies.

Stuttgart, assigned to I was Germany,I state of in the out of been the first baptism you would tell when of Utah—and

Bishop way, Buehner and I met I by the at arrived station, a the experience wonderfulVienna. I had my parents

there. were there, of course, and my brothers there. He could understand my lan-

I love to hear the sermons of these and sisters and a group of young peoguage, and I could understand him. He

brethren, especially of the First Presiple, and I did not want to break down was two years old. I congratulate him

dency, and Brother Bowen. I wish he before those young people. My mother on his appointment to the Presiding

were here. We will miss him, espeknew that, so she did not say much to Bishopric, and I know his parents are

cially will his wonderful sermon be me, but she kissed me goodbye, and she {Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1952 923 It is too bad that some of these men,

Thomas. McKay Continued some of whom are now in jail, and

others who are still being investigated to here, her has always also, success been his promise or and Thatproud, not received had that admonition and it is to to five brothers. thing his a good a help of me, and Theythe success it, followed

I to you. father guide standard mother. have some a and wonderfulhad

I closing, In as urge, the may Boy little very years three Superintendent over happy a on was when all Scouts are doing, of you, register to "the Stuttgart, of in of Y.M.M.I.A. the Curtisthis Church months I spentmission—three I vote. and think this I spoke subupon a that Scouts the in then informedthree and Boy had Munich, months me

ject it before this pulpit, once but this project of getting special everyyear apPresident was Cannon Hugh J. is to very right, dear privimy me—myfrom I to vote. to Schulthies, occasion President out took topointed succeed body

lege to vote.

questions, preside over to the and, other ask a called few among heand me

Frankfurt Conference, "Frankfurt on the things, about that Boy Scout promise, or We have four more days for registerMain,"one of the most beautiful cities oath, as it is sometimes called. ing, brothers and sisters. The 7th, the

at that time in the world. How I love It is a wonderful thing for these Boy 14th, the 28th, and the 29th of this

that city! Scouts to have made that promise: "On month. Now, everyone of you, register

Brother Edwin Q. Cannon is premy honor I will do my best to do my or else you can't vote.

siding there now, and, by the way, he duty to my God and my country, and to Sister McKay and I were in Ogden was one of my missionaries. obey the Scout law; to help other peoon the invitation of our Ogden Stake

I priests'high all to at times; quorum. invited physicalmyself ple to keep was I after released and was home came

I a remarks, few make recalled ly strong, awake, morally mentally that and and little years, oh, three thea over and

I I while presided like that stake over to that so "clean."clean."use word, many sisters,thrill, brothers and and you

years, is that as I project, had, a great a quorum promise, sure That and am are in listening espepeopleyoung who getting every tithing the on as that that to promise given member mother my Icially, took mother, met when my they succeeded. that helped has those boys me, have and roll-—and I in said, arms,her "Mother, and my

strength that received from Scout Boy they to undertook Then every make clean."have come home

I there sure not pledge. would be am I a of nonuser member tobacco. called

I After six years, precalled to was if corruption crime so there and much that, to attention then and suggestedside over Mission, the SwissGerman closer to the law. adherence Scout were at project the this to time, all get the all at of included that timewhich Ger- I of a story that reminded might their am wives, and members the and Switzerland, France,many, Vienna, It help. a in from boy came young register, to so widows, that could weAustria, of part Hungary, and Rumania. penitentiary. in the prison it had They as all for announce an example other

I still is single, was unusual which there. of a our meeting held ward to follow. One quorumsfor single a to preside. man choirs the music. furnished had They I as As sat soon the president down, I little after three over a came home it I speaker, think a good had was had arose said, "President and McKay, weyears. in there not mother was My after dismissal the Dr. Bennion, and accept the challenge; invite the we now I spirit,body, but in she could was and leave. reluctant to inmates were There presidents of the other as 194 quorums,

I I again, did,say "Mother, and have spirit fine there, re- a they and was as well presidents of the seventies and clean."come home quiet. seated, and mained elders all especially senior and members

Twentyfive years later, Sister McKay Dr. Bennion leaned over and inof the Aaronic Priesthood to unite with

and I, and our two daughters, (our son formally spoke to them, and among the Boy Scouts of America in their was already there) were called to preother things he said, "I wonder if any effort to get all to register and vote.

side over the SwissAustrian Mission. of you boys,"(and there were quite a

Several months before we came home, number of just boys there) "would like May I express my appreciation and

Brother Rees, who was president of the to send a message to your comrades outheartfelt thanks for the gospel. It is

East German Mission, was released on side."the great plan of life and salvation and

account of sickness. I received a cableOne young fellow arose and raising brings joy and happiness to all who

gram from President Heber J. Grant his right hand to get permission, said, live it.

appointing me to preside over the East- "Dr. Bennion, I would like to send my I bear you my testimony to the diGerman Mission and to continue as pals a message: 'Don't kid yourselves vinity of the gospel as revealed to the

president of the SwissAustrian Mission that nobody hain't never going to find Prophet Joseph Smith and handed down until my successor was appointed. They out. through the other presidents, including

said, "Brother Joseph Fielding Smith It is not very elegant language, but I the present leader of the Church, Presiwill set you apart."He was there tell you it means a lot—"Don't kid dent David O. McKay. I bear you this

visiting the European Mission. yourself that nobody hain't never going testimony in the name of Jesus Christ.

Before he got out of the mission and to find out."Amen.

before he got a chance to set me apart, war was declared, and Brother Smith hurried up to Copenhagen to assist in getting our missionaries home. We

sent all our missionaries from the EastGerman Mission to Copenhagen. I went back to Basel, Switzerland, Faith Precedes the Miracle

my headquarters, where we remained. I

was in Berlin, however, when war was by Spencer W. Kimballdeclared.

We remained in Switzerland until OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

March, or just before the first of April 1940, when we returned home.

Again I could tell my mother, and I am deeply conscious of the fact mento my attention that some statistics can still tell her, and I hope the Lord tioned by Brother Thomas E. McKay covering the last eight years were very

will help me so that when I am re- I that not only Brother McKay but encouraging, showing that there was a leased from this earthly mission, I can most of you would rather hear some considerable increase in family prayer still meet her, which I will, brothers and speakers than others, and it makes me among the high priests, a greater insisters. I know as sure as I am standvery apprehensive indeed. I appreciated crease in the seventies, and almost a

ing here that she will be there waiting, greatly his testimony. It is good to have hundred percent increase in the perand as I say, I hope and pray that the Brother McKay with us again. centage of elders in this Church who

Lord will continue to bless me, so that I appreciated very much the remarks are now having their family prayers, as

I can say, "Mother, I have come home upon prayer by President Clark who compared to eight years ago.

clean."has preceded us, and recently it came I pay tribute to you, my brothers and

924 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA sisters. I express to you my affection miracles until after their faith; wherefore followed the faith manifested in its

for all the time you devote, the effort they first believed in the Son of God. (Ether building.

18.) energy you 12:12, the consecrated expend,you again: Paul said disappointIt is agive to the Church.

Master said: The to however, find some sometimes,ment faith Through

who are not willing to trust the Lord But, behold, faith cometh not by signs, strength to conceivealsoseed,Saraandherselfwas deliveredreceived to trust in his promise when he says, but signs follow those that believe. (D. & C. of a child when she was past age, because

"Prove me and see."I often wonder 63:9.) she judged him faithful who had promised.

of there one, and Therefore even sprang their trust Lord. He men cannotwhy signs shall follow them that And these

as the stars as dead, as good so many him blesschildren his every promisedhas believe. 16:17.) (Mark

the multitude, sand in the sky of and as faithfulness, theiring contingent upon fickle in "the his trust placesbut scribes man and Pharisees To the who dewhich(Idem 1112.)is by the sea shore innumerable. of flesh"sets about and to makearm the preliminary signs without his manded

unaided said: way by him who could doown faith the Lord works and it chiltold that be absurd So was to

so much. that of centenarians could born be

... evil generation dren adulterous and An

first. at the But doubted Sarah even has promised: Lord The 12:39.) after (Matt. a sign. seeketh

faith of a noble pair prevailed, and the... prove me... if I will not open you The Lord made it clear that faith miracle son was born to father multiof heaven,the pour you and windows of nations. not developed by miracles. John tudes out was

shall there that be not rooma blessing, faith AbraExceeding was shown by said:

it. (Mai. 3:10.) to receiveenough test the was superhuman when ham

But though he had done so many miracles applied to him. His young "child of

The Prophet Moroni stopped abruptly before them, yet they believed not on him. promise,"destined to be the father of

in his abridging to offer his own inspired (John 12:37.) empires, must now be offered upon the

comments concerning the matter of sacrificial altar. It was God's command,

faith: In our own modern times we have but it seemed so contradictory! How

this. of of Sidney father the evidence eloquent Isaac, an his son, be could

is faith that the world show I would if his in his posterity not retain membership did youth Rigdon uncountable seen; notthings are hoped for and which

life in terminated? he though even to be the kingdom had, mortal was Whyhis not, see disputewherefore, not ye because

for ye receive no witness until after the with Joseph Smith, witnessed marvelous should he, Abraham, be called upon trial of your faith. (Ether 12:6.) signs. Had he not participated in the to do this revolting deed? It was irGreat Vision and had he not been the reconcilable, impossible! And yet he

Father Adam understood this basic recipient of many revelations? And in believed God. His undaunted faith

principle. spite of all these manifestations from carried him with breaking heart toward

our Heavenly Father, he did not rethe land of Moriah with this young son... an angel of the Lord appeared unto main in the kingdom. who little suspected the agonies through

offer sacdost saying: thouAdam, passWhy his father been have must signs. Oliver saw He which Cowdery many

rifices said unto the Lord? unto And Adam party ing. asses the took and Saddled visited plates; sacred the was handled

I not, save the Lord commandedhim: know supplies. the father son carryand The the ancient; the saw Moroni, John by 5:6.)me. (Moses

fire to the ing the mounted and wood Priesthood Baptist; received the Higher

sacrifice. of place the Peter, and was from John; James, and faith his unwavering showed He fire said the the "Behold wood,"and miracles, great recipient of many since thehis unbelievable almost for faith—and is a Isaac, the "but lamb where to yet could they not hold the and him follow the miracle witnessthe and offering."a burnt 22:7.) (Gen. What faith.

faith, angel the therather precede than it voice heart sad have heavy must and signs in evidence Amassed and works to enlighten him: soughtnow son, replied: will been which God "My failed miracles to the stony touch and

himself a lamb for a burnt ofhearts of the Savior's Galilean cities: provide saying: spake, This the angel then And

i J fering."(Idem 8.) is of of the the sacrificething a similitude

Only Begotten of the Father. (Idem 5:7.) Then began he to upbraid the cities The place was reached, the altar

wherein most of his mighty works were built, the fire kindled, and the lad now surely trusting knowing, they not: but believbecause repented and seed, soon done, faith the plant and In we

ing, altar. was the father's upon The thee, Chorazin! unto unto thee, woe Woe of blossoming. the miracle see thewe

raised stopped in by/ midair was hand Bethsaida! misunderstood have and often haveMen

voice:... a commanding thou, art Capernaum, which And process. the have reversed would They

shall heaven, brought unto be down reexalted the planting, before harvest thethe.. not thine Lay lad, the hand upon if hell: for the to works mighty which have service, miracle. the before the Iward that fearest.now thou know God, thee, in in been been done done Sodom, had

, faith. dethe that before the most Even thou hast not withheld thy it this until have remained would day. son,seeing.. thine only son 12.) hardly from me. (Idem unions labor wouldmanding 21, (Matt. 11:20, 23.)

ask the wages before the labor. But

as perfect the prophet near found And of vigor withthe us would havemany it offered in Paul speaking to the Hebrews said: the thicket the and ram of the laws, health observance out the

the altar, he heard the voice of prosperity the through windows opened of of upon being By faith Noah, warned God speaking: God again the without of heaven payment yet, fear, of our things not seen as with moved

tithes. the close have would comprepared We an ark to the saving of his house. And in thy seed shall all the nations of fasting our Father without withmunion (Heb. 11:7.)

earth the blessed; thou hast be because rain and praying; in due have we would voice. obeyed 18.) (Idem my

in the without land season and peace As yet there was no evidence of rain observing the Sabbath and keeping the and flood. His people mocked and This great and noble Abraham:

other commandments of the Lord. We called him a fool. His preaching fell

would pluck the rose before planting on deaf ears. His warnings were conWho against hope believed in hope, that

of father nathe might become many roots; the harvest the we would irrational. grain sidered There was

.. no hetions. its cultivating. before planting and precedent; never it been had known

faith, conin. being he not And weak that earth. a deluge could the cover If as realize could only Moroni we sidered his dead, not body when now own

writes: How foolish to build an ark on dry he was about an hundred years old, neither

ground with the. sun shining and life yet the deadness of Sarah's womb:

For if there be no faith among the chilmoving forward as usual! But time ran He staggered not at the promise of God

dren of men, God can do no miracle out. The ark was finished. The floods through unbelief; but was strong in faith,

among them.... came. The disobedient and rebellious giving glory to God;

And neither at any time hath any wrought were drowned. The miracle of the ark (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1952 925 parched land, the prophet warned King

Spencer W. Kimball Continued Ahab:

... Prepare thy chariot, and get thee

And being fully persuaded that, what he other world and saw the returning sea down, that the rain stop thee not. (Ibid.,

had promised, he was able also to perform. envelop and destroy their pursuers. 18:44.)

(Rom. 4:1821.) Israel was safe. Faith had been rewarded, and Moses was vindicated. The With his face between his knees, as

knew—knewFather Abrahamthe promiseand Motherwould beSarahfulimpossiblesuperhumanhadfaithhappened.had given birthAn almostto an heant satsevenon timesCarmel,to Elijahlook towardsent histhe servsea.filled. How—they did not know and did unaccountable and mysterious miracle Six times there were cloudless skies and

not demand to know. Isaac positively that was to be the theme of the sermons calm sea, but on the seventh he rewould live to be the father of a numerand warnings of Israel and their prophported: "Behold, there ariseth a little

ous posterity. They knew he would, ets for centuries. cloud out of the sea, like a man's hand."

even though he might need to die. They (Idem.)

knew he could still be raised from the Israel was later ready to cross into Soon the heavens were black with dead to fulfil the promise, and faith the Promised Land, the productivity and clouds, and the wind was carrying them here preceded the miracle. beauty of which could probably be seen to Palestine, and "There was a great

from the higher hills. But how to get rain"and a dry, parched land was

Paul again said to the Hebrews: there? There were no bridges nor ferdrenched in moisture, and the miracle

ries across flooding the Jordan. Too of faith the again had prommade good Israel] of [the children they By faith it times, for crossing in ordinary deep ises of Lord. thepassed the dry through Red Sea as by at of harvest the time imposland. was now It faith of the by the supreme was 11:29.)(Heb.

sible to ford. A great prophet, Joshua, three Hebrews that they were delivered

The Israelites knew, as did Pharaoh received the mind of the Lord and comfrom the fiery furnace of their king, and his hosts that manded, and another miracle was born Nebuchadnezzar. And the king asked:

of faith.

land, in the the are entangled cast three They bound into Did not men we in. 14:3.)wilderness... (Ex. fire? hath shut them of the and answered... and as the feet of the priests that the.. midst. They

of the in ark the the bare dipped were brim king. king: said the True, unto O

... water. four I see said, Lo, answered and men He trained as apPharaoh's army And

... fire, the waters of in loose, from the the and which midst walking down came all charhorses theproached with and

.. rose of stood the above form the hurt; heap and an up upon they have no andiots of escaping Egypt, the multitudes

is failed, that of those like were. and and the fourth came God. down Son full they well that wereknew hemmed

.... off: cut bodies the these whose upon men

deserts,in the the the marshes, by and of their fire hair nor an power, was no.. had... all Israelites the passed over and on forsea. earthly chance There no was their coats singed, neither head were all the until people were passed dry ground,

to their of purescape the wraththem fire of passed the smell on changed, nor 3:1517.) (See clean Josh. over Jordan.

suers. And in their terror they indicted them. (Dan. 3:2426, 27.)

Moses: And when if these discount would you Now,

. in graves there Because were no of Testament, can miracles the Old how

.. lifted priests'feet of the soles wereEgypt,.. hast die us to in taken thou away Testament? accept the You New of you land, the that the waters dry. untothe upthe wilderness?

difficulty in accepting also have would place, their flowed returned unto and Jordan it better for to serve us had been... Apostles, the his associate and all before. (Ibid., Paul and as banks, they his over did

die Egyptians thatthe in should than we verifor Christ, they 4:18.) have Jesus Lord wilderness. 1112.)the (Idem

fied and documented those miraculous

No hope on earth for their liberation! The elements find control through events.

What could save them now? The faith. The wind, the clouds, the heavNow, brothers and sisters, how can

gloating armed forces of Egypt knew ens obey the voice of faith. It was by these stories of faith be brought into

that Israel was trapped. Israel knew and through the faith of Elijah that the our own lives? Faith is needed here

it only too well. But Moses, their indrouth, which devastated Israel, proas much as ever before. Little can we

spired leader with a supreme faith, knew longed for three interminable years, was see. We know not what the morrow

that God would not have called them finally terminated when repentance had will bring. Accidents, sickness, even

on this exodus only to have them decome to Israel. death seem to hover over us continualstroyed. He knew God would provide ly. Little do we know when they might

the escape. He may not at this mo-... Ahab did more to provoke the Lord strike.ment have known just how, but he God of Israel to anger than all the kings It takes faith—unseeing faith—for

trusted. of Israel that were before him. (I Kings young people to proceed immediately

16:33.) with their family responsibilities in the

Moses commanded his people: face of financial uncertainties. It takes

And Elijah the prophet declared: faith for the young woman to bear her... Fear ye not, stand still, and see the

of accepting instead employment, family of willsalvation the Lord, he shew which shall rain these nor.. there not be dew for schooling especially the young when for toto day: the Egyptians you whom (Ibid., to ye years,. according word. but my

is faith It takes finished. to be husband shall to see again seen day, yehave them 17:1.)

no more for ever. to observe the Sabbath when "time and

sales working, half"a be can had 13when for fight shall you. Lord (Idem The to rivers dried ceased up; brooks The can merchandise made, can be when14.)

scarce; forage run; famine was upon was

It faith to takes sold. great a pay be

his people a the land; and and on. pressed warriors scarce tithes are defunds mighty and Hope The when

for people begging were who kingrelief—a It fast breasts great. since faith to are died the in takes long havemust mands

of lost in the themselves worship had to Israelitishof souls prayers the observe timid family and have and knew who conBaal. the At Carmel came Mount It faith of takes Deserts wilderness the andnot and Wisdom. Word

test of here mentioned power, which was sea! boats, stake teaching, tothe uncrossable missionary do ward No sea—thefaith. spectacular a Clark, President by when rafts, service, sacrito construct other work, nor time them!no and when

Elijah's occurred. incident At comfill is It fice fear, faith to required. takes despairHopelessness, have must

fire from and heaven came down mand their foreign missions. hearts,gripped mirthe But then and know this—that sacrifice the ignited the shocked and

It all faith of planting, ofacle are of these the the while came. born was

reinto worshipers Baal once more spiritual leader. faithfultheir families, securcloud hid devout indomitable A pentant submission.

life ity, of their eternal are enemies. the peace, the harview from andthem

A strong east wind blew all the night; Miracle followed faith again, and vests.

the waters were parted; the bed of the though the heavens were still clear and Remember that Abraham, Moses,

sea was dry; and Israel crossed to anthere was no indication of rain on the Elijah, and others could not see clear926 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ly the end from the beginning. They he by mortal means perceive that the Grove, knelt in prayer on the river

also walked by faith and without sight. flooding Jordan would back up for the bank, and climbed the slopes of the

Remember again that no gates were exact time needed for the crossing, and sacred hill.

open; Laban was not drunk; and no then flow on its way to the Dead Sea. But know this: that undaunted faith

earthly hope was justified at the moRemember that there were no clouds can stop the mouths of lions, make inment Nephi exercised his faith and set in the sky, no evidence of rain, and no effective the fiery flames, make dry corout finally to get the plates. No asbestos precedent for the deluge when Noah ridors through beds of rivers and seas.

clothes or other ordinary protective debuilded the ark according to commandUnwavering faith can protect against vices were in the fiery furnace to. protect ment. There was no ram in the thicket deluge, terminate drouths, heal the sick,

the three Hebrews from death; there when Isaac and his father left for and bring heavenly manifestations. Inwere no leather nor metal muzzles for Moriah for the sacrifice. Remember domitable faith can help us live the

the mouths of the lions when Daniel there were no towns and cities, no farms commandments and thereby bring was locked in the den. and gardens, no homes and storehouses, blessings unnumbered with peace, perRemember that there were no clouds no blossoming desert in Utah when the fection, and exaltation in the kingdom of

in the sky nor any hydrometer in his persecuted pioneers crossed the plains. God. May this be our desire to develop

hand when Elijah promised an immeAnd remember that there were no heavthis kind of faith and may we finally diate break in the long extended drouth; enly beings in Palmyra, on the Susqueattain the blessings which such perfect

though Joshua may have witnessed the hanna or on Cumorah when the soulfaith can bring, I pray in the name miracle of the Red Sea, yet how could hungry Joseph slipped quietly into the of Jesus Christ. Amen.

What I say for him, I say for his counselors. I have the deepest and most

profound respect and a sort of worshipSUSTAIN ful love for each of the brethren who assist him. I should like to emulate

them. And I do, with all my heart, uphold and sustain them, even as they CHURCH uphold and sustain him.

Now, I know that there are others who have this prophetic gift given to them, the Twelve and the Patriarch, AUTHORITY besides the Presidency. I recognize, too,

that it is not their lot to stand here as

Presidents of the Church at this moment by S. Dilworth Young and tell you what to do, as would the

President of the Church, and yet they

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY are prophets, and seers, and revel ators.

On the occasions on which they preside in meetings, they are given the gift of realize, my brothers and sisters, I am convinced in my own soul that prophecy, too. Them also, I uphold

1 that conferences have to run some- I am a child of our Father in heaven, and sustain with all my heart, as I do where nearly on time, and in the and that the Lord Jesus Christ is the my brethren, the Assistants, the Seventy, interest of time, therefore, I shall not author of my salvation, and that he and the Bishopric.

talk to you about the thing which I had lives. But I go farther than that, I uphold

hoped to discuss, but I shall be happy I accept without reservation, Presiand sustain with all my heart, too, my to bear my testimony. dent McKay as the President of this stake president. His right it is to reBefore I do so, however, I should like Church, and therefore, as my President. ceive inspiration from the Lord about

just to say that while you are quite I recognize him to be a man, and I bow the Ogden Stake ought to operate;

an aweinspiring group from here, know, too, as well as I know anything, I am a member of that stake. I uphold

broken down into your component parts that one cannot separate a man from and sustain, also, as having the gift of

I realize that you are, like me, just his office. I used to think that one inspiration for his people, the bishop

ordinary folk, wanting to serve the could, but one cannot. I am sure that of my ward. When he comes to my

Lord, desiring to do what is right and I would love President McKay anyhow. house to ask me to do something or to

to follow the precepts of those who lead I have had enough dealings with his put me in the way of my duty, I should you. family to be certain of that. It is a not be a true member of the Church

I recognized your humanity yesterday real pleasure to like the man, and then did I not heed his counsel. If I have

when, while Brother Cowley was reto like him, too, because he is the Presiany advice to give to you this morning, minding us all of our duty to our wives, dent of the Church. it is that I believe that obedience starts

one couple came within the range of my I sustain him as a prophet. I do not with the bishopric; that is, the Church

vision. They sat happily together, but believe that everything that he says member should be obedient to his bishwhen Brother Cowley mentioned handis prophetic, but I earnestly pray always opric, then to his stake presidency, then

holding, the man suddenly became alive that I may have the gift of discernment, to the General Authorities. As you

and reached over and took his wife's so that when he does speak prophetically learn, bit by bit, to be obedient in the hand. I could not tell whether it was I shall be able to recognize it and follittle things, so when the large and

repentance or whether it was a normal low the instruction given. great things are propounded to you, you

process, but as I looked at her, I am sure I recognize him to be a seer. I believe will neither falter by the wayside nor

it was normal. She did not have that that as the needs of this Church arise, fall.

startled look, but basked in what to her he will be given sight, not only proph- I am thankful and deeply grateful was an ordinary procedure. And I am ecy, but also sight into how things for my testimony. I do not know why

sure, as they listened, Brother Cowley should happen and how things should I should have been blessed in this day said for him in poetical language, what be done, and having seen, he can interto come forth at a time when the gospel he should have liked to say to his wife, pret to me and to you the things which is on the earth and the prophets are had he been given the words. And I the Lord tells him to interpret. on the earth, but that they are, I have

think she recognized it, too. I glowed I bear witness that he is a revel ator, no doubt. And my thanksgiving goes

along with them and wished that I and he will reveal as the Lord gives him to my Father in heaven, for the privilege might be close to mine so that I could revelation all of the things of the kingof standing here now and bearing you do the same thing. dom which should come forth during my testimony, which I could not do

I am a member of the Church. I have his administration as the President of without the gift of the Lord, and I do it

been all my life. I accept its teachings. this Church. in the name of Christ. Amen.

DECEMBER 1952 927 testimony a tremendous motivating

life, his to guide him, him, to prompt"Be Ye Doers of the Word"power.to It will help to direct him in him. a formidable It becomes warn

weapon against evil itself.

Some have asked, "How may one reby EIRay L. Christiansen ceive a living, impelling, lifedirecting

testimony, such as you speak of? How

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE is such knowledge obtained?"The

question was answered by Jesus, when he said:

brothers and sisters. During the taken into the celestial kingdom on the... My doctrine is not mine, but his that

will, shall his will he If any do man assist priest position, to It the assigned hereafter. high here both andMyyear that I have now served as a backs of others. We must earn our own sent me. it of the doctrine, of whether be know I is inthe of Twelve, not have merely that an acknowledgment Quorum

or of myself. I speak whether God, (John all for is lives this that admiration creased of you and God the Church my

7:1617.) for of are the serving us, Christ that will Lord; Jesus people save but who

those who are willing to lay their own the application of that knowledge in affairs aside to work on welfare projgood works. So any individual who will qualify

ects; willing to travel for miles and Jesus once declared, himself by doing the will of God, may

miles, time after time, to attend their find this same assurance, and there is meetings, willing to give of their subNot every one that sayeth unto me, Lord, no other way that I know anything stance, their all, if necessary, for the Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heavabout.

work of the Lord, without equivocation. en; but he that doeth the will of my Father The source of this knowledge was also

I have increased my admiration for which is in heaven. (Matt. 7:21.) explained by the Lord when in speakthese, for you, for all who have thus ing to his disciples he asked this questestified before the Lord that they love And Jacob, speaking to the people in tion:

him—receiving from the Lord; giving to his day, some five hundred years before

the Lord. That is as it should be. Christ, spoke of this same thing. He... But whom say ye that I am?

How well trained, how well preused stronger terms than I would care And Simon Peter answered and said, pared, and how well tested, how useful to use, if I were not quoting him. Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living

they will be to him, when he comes God.

again to reign upon the earth! They, But wo unto him that has the law given, And Jesus answered and said unto him,

I should think, who have proved themyea, that has all the commandments of Blessed art thou, Simon Barjona: for flesh

selves thus, would be among those whom God, like unto us, and that transgresseth and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, he shall call forth to administer the them, and that wasteth the days of his but my Father which is in heaven. (Matt.

affairs of his kingdom under his perprobation, for awful is his state! 16:1517.)

sonal direction. O that cunning plan of the evil one!

frailties, the vainness, the the and and O Saints accept these Now, Latterday It is families of those evident that the foolishness of are they learned men! When testify, teachings, from and multitudes in are thus engaged work Church who think wise, they are they they hearken and

are among the happiest families in the not unto the counsel of God, for they set their own experience, that they are true.

world, because those who thus serve it aside, supposing they know of themTestimonies borne by individuals in the Lord are recipients of that great selves, wherefore, their wisdom is foolishconformity to the laws of the Lord, blessing, peace of mind, which I think ness and it profiteth them not. And they and through engaging in good works,

is one of the priceless blessings of life. shall perish. are sure to induce happiness and

is But if they learned good to be hearken to bring contentment peace and such of these groups But whenever (II 9:27of the unto counsels God. Nephi families. their individuals Such and to individuals serve Lord, the and whoI thinkthus 29.) exallead testimonies well one to may I us, about those with have who, wonder

of tation in the God. kingdom this in great membership and Church

so, brothers our and sisters, And my satisfied to are their yet other those merely have hand, the who may On into servbe translated must

I feel knowledge all records; the say, principles believe these do not names upon "Oh, who

ice; into works. good

I their of right, to give impelled living substance as I should,"not and but am of their time and talents, but who are Last spring, I attended the quarterly or "I am too busy to accept an assignwilling to let suffice the fact that they conference in one of the stakes in southment in the ward or the stake or the are members of the Church. ern Idaho. Among the missionaries who quorum,"or "I feel that when I have

Usually, they are born of goodly parreported was Sister Santana, a young worked all week at my job, I should ents. They are willing to give passive woman of Mexican nationality. She have the Sabbath day off, to seek

acknowledgment of the truth of the had come to that stake to report her pleasure and relaxation and to do what gospel and of the reality of the Church mission to those who had sent her. One ever I would like to do."They have a

of Jesus Christ. They, sometimes, give of the families there had provided the testimony, it seems to me, that is barren

contributions but desire to be left alone, funds for her mission, and it was reand fruitless. To that individual, and

requesting that the ward teachers and ported that this Mexican girl had been perhaps to his family, it will cause them

Relief Society block teachers pass them instrumental in bringing into the that to lose many of the sweet things of by, feeling that the teachers can do Church more than fifty people during life such as we have heard related here them no good. How I wish we could her time in the mission field. Among this morning. Indeed such a philosophy

do more for these members! other things, she said through an inmay become the means of preventing

terpreter; is blessbrightest realization eternal of the great testimony the the "My justifiable point to pride with They

is It in possession. of ings the have gem Lord would more which God my sacrifices to the devotion for the and

is life. I to worth enjoy! to than hope them me my it ancestors, their Church by and made

it in bear deeds."she added, good And is well that should. they testibrothers those of us bear Again, who My to those her, helped had who "Muchas sisters, all of and live in should be proud our should with we harmony mony

It gracias."to see hearts our touched progenitors. forget, of our us beliefs, Article of Faith, in declared the Some

this her priceless of with combination as that said, rightly however, true, someone in honest, being believe "We treasures, a testimony, a desire and tall matter grandfather to chaste, your virtuous, no benevolent, in dohow and it in deeds. bear good was, to your do growing. to all you have ing good and own men,"we should

So it is in this great Church—we all Any individual who has a testimony reflect these attributes in our daily lives.

must realize that salvation is an indithat is borne in clean living and in Not long ago I was told of a man in vidual matter; that none of us can be good works can expect to feel in that one of the professions, who bore his

928 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA testimony in good deeds, and in "doTwenty-five hundred years ago, a upright lives that God lives, that they ing good to all men,"at least all men great philosopher, Confucius, put it this are affiliated with the true Church of who came to him. In spite of the presway: "Those who know the truth are Jesus Christ upon the earth and by

sure from the group to increase the fees not equal to those who love it, and their untiring service and their desire that were being paid by their patients those who love it are not equal to those to keep the commandments of God, in spite of recommendations to "make who live it."leaders and members alike, as Abraham

them pay, and to get all you can while Well, did, testify by their willingness to peryou can,"this fine man continued to form any and all duties that may be pursue the practice he had followed What doth it profit, my brethren, alrequired of them of the Lord.

in charging reasonable rates for his though man say he hath faith, and have Like Sister Santana, they bear their services and avoiding what he thought not works? can faith save him?... testimonies in good deeds. They are,

faith, say, hast Yea, a Thou may man "... doers hearers, of the charges. not Word, and excessive exorbitantto be and

I faith withthy works: shew have and me only."it bearing to seems he is me, Now,

I will out thee thy works, shew and my Sister as feel in deeds, eachhis of us responsitestimony good some May faith works. by my bility in do. to peace reaching to has out wished other thoseSantana He is believest that there one God; Thou

of mind. He has his selfrespect. thou doest well: the devils also believe, wonderful people, wellborn, wellquali-

He has the respect of his friends, his and tremble. fied, and capable, and try to help them

clients, and incidentally, he has almost But wilt thou know, O vain man, that to translate their dormant testimonies more business than he can take care of. faith without works is dead? (James 2:14, into works and service of which the Lord

A true measure of one's devotion to a 1820.) approves. This I pray, and bear my

principle is measured not by what he testimony to the truth of this work, and professes, but by what he manifests Throughout the Church, thousands I do it in the name of Jesus Christ.

day by day. and thousands are testifying by their Amen.

Fourth Session, Saturday Afternoon, October 4, 1952

and only thereby can we grow. Trials

which come to us are not those which of Good Cheer willcame haveto ourstillancestors.different trials,Our posterityyet we

would not care to trade our opportunities of living in this generation for that of living in any other generation we by Eldred G. Smith have known of.

PATRIARCH TO THE CHURCH worldYet, ofwhenconfusionwe lookandaheadchaos,of usmyinheartthis goes out in sympathy especially to the military a have war and who I sisters, in youth very sense has poured out knowledge and GodBrothers staring service face. in the They them in the evident is very responsibility standing keenly the in This abundance.

is all of,the say, use this educa- "What field especially of to science, in before needless here you, and mediand tion, training, for futhe preparation cine, in in in transportaprayers faithsay, I seek communication, your and see ahead, look and we We tion. scientific are ture?"behalf. developments Thesemy political so confusion, economic and this of blessings generation. the minor is It truly an and a responsibility I complicated, mortals whether wonder blessings to of gospel, that these the Add before you, one to stand andhonor ability to solve the have the problems blessings the the priesthood with and here, in help, but be standingcannot at hand. sealings. of eternal this of ofconscious the developments is to trying the thwart always Satan

age and the many blessings that are We have a knowledge of the plan of work of the Lord, and the Lord reours. Truly this is a choice time, a life. We know where we are going. peatedly uses Satan's efforts to fulfil

choice generation in which to live. We We then should know that this life his own purposes. Satan tried to break

have many blessings, beyond our ability should be full of hardships and trials, up our missionary work, but the Lord to count them. is at the helm, directing the affairs of

We have our troubles and diffiman, and especially his work on earth.

culties, yet there is none of us who What was the source of our missionary would care to exchange our opportunisupply, was taken and put into one of ties in this generation for those of anthe greatest mission fields of the day, other. There are opportunities, for exthe armed services. There is a most

ample, in education, beyond anything important missionary work among the we have ever had in the history of the servicemen that can be done by none earth. We have educational buildings, other than the servicemen, themselves.

school buildings, university buildings, If these servicemen will but live the much better equipped than they have gospel and teach it to their associates, ever been before. We have instructors teach it to those with whom they come

better prepared, with a greater knowlin contact, they will do a very great edge and a better method in teaching, missionary service, that no one else can than we have ever had before. We havebooks which contain knowledge which do.We have had innumerable experihas never been given to man before. ences from World War II, where people

We have greater opportunities to go to have joined the Church because of school, to get knowledge and educawatching some serviceman who lived tion. There are more scholarships ofthe gospel. And if the servicemen

fered. The opportunities for the masses who are members of the Church will

to receive a higher education are increasbe real Latterday Saints and live the ing. A larger percentage of people are gospel, using what leisure time they may

receiving a higher education all the have in a productive, beneficial mantime. Patriarch Eldred G. Smith (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1952 929 ner, and in teaching others by exwhat life is here on the earth. Briefly as having the greatest opportunities of

ample as well as by precept, they will and without quoting exactly, the story life and the future to become greater.

be doing a most important missionary of Job, to me, tells the story of Satan The modern scientific developments service. making the statement to the Lord: Yes, are a testimony to me that God is asAfter reading the Book of Mormon, Job is a righteous man; you surrounded sisting the growth of his work on earth.

ask yourselves, how long would this him with so much I cannot reach him, Most of which has come since the restoKorean conflict last if ten percent of but if you would let me go just a little ration of the gospel. How would it be

the United Nations armed forces were way, if you would take just a little from possible to carry on the administrative living righteous lives? Then go another him, I would show you that Job would affairs of the Church, all over the world,

step in your imagination, say, if ten curse the Lord. And so the Lord said, and keep the Church in the unity of

percent were Latterday Saint men livAll right, I will permit you to go just one faith and one doctrine, without ing the gospel, and about fifty percent so far. And so much was taken from the benefits of modern methods of

of all the servicemen were living Job, and Satan tried again and came scientific developments which we enjoy.

righteous lives, the power of God would back again, and said: If you would let How important is the press which makes

touch the hearts of men and bring peace me go just a little farther, I will show possible standard instructions in docinto the world. And I do not know you that Job will curse the Lord. And trine, and through which we have the

how we can have real peace any other each time, the Lord permitted Satan scriptures, and other methods of keeping way. to go only so far. Satan could not go our doctrine a unity all over the world.

Circumstances are so complicated I beyond that which the Lord permitted How, too, could we do the abundance wonder whether mortal man has the him. And time after time repeating it, of sealing work for our dead, without

ability to solve them without the help until finally the Lord said, all right, microfilm and other like methods of of the Lord. Satan, you may have full control over obtaining records. How blessed are we

We as Latterday Saints must keep Job except you cannot take his life. that the Authorities can travel through

the faith in the future, faith in man, Job by this time had become so the stakes and missions the world over faith in God, live the gospel so that strengthened, the Lord had permitted and return so often to report and keep everyone who sees our actions will have only that to come upon him which the unity of the doctrine together all a desire to be as we are. They will Job had strength to resist. Job had over the Church.

then sense the happiness and the joy thereby been strengthened from it unHow great are the blessings to the that come to us as the result of our til he had the ability to withstand world because we have means of travel knowledge of the gospel and that are all the trials of Satan. He had come to which permitted President McKay to

displayed in our everyday life. Thus a state of perfection. And is that not make this wonderful trip to the miswe will be teaching the gospel. the state which we all seek to attain? sions of Europe, and in such a short

God will never permit trials to come Then, without trials, how can we get time.

upon us beyond our power to withthere? Thank the Lord for his blessings.

stand them, as long as we will put our Have faith and show your faith in May his choicest blessings be upon us, trust and faith in him. your works. Be of good cheer, Satan his people, with ever increasing faith

I think the story of Job is a very cannot stand cheerfulness which comes and trust in him, I pray in the name of good example of that, an example of from righteous living. Accept the present Jesus Christ. Amen.

A Testimony - Our Most Priceless Possession

by Thorpe B. Isaacson

OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC

President McKay, President Richards, previous occasions. The Spirit of the who had never been here before. As

President Clark, and my beloved Lord has been here in rich abundance. he came in here and stayed awhile,

brothers and sisters, I am very grateBefore the conference started, the Genafter the recital, he said, "There is someful and thankful for the opportunity of eral Authorities met together, and with thing different here. What is it?"I

being in attendance at this great conthe beautiful prayer offered by Brother gave him a Book of Mormon, and then ference of the Church, where we can Lee, surely we felt the Lord's influence. we walked around, and he asked me

be spiritually built up and strengthened We are meeting in his name. We are again, and I said, "It is a little hard to

in our faith, for surely we have felt the meeting to bear testimony as to the explain, but I would like to tell you

Spirit of the Lord here in every session truthfulness of his work. what I think it is. This is a house of

of the conference, and we have been Before I say more, I should like to worship, and if you could read the built up in our faith, and strengthened pay tribute, as suggested by Brother prayer that was offered at the dedication, in our testimony. Stayner Richards and Brother Cowley you would know that this is a sacred

it I the thing yesterday, that to wife. of building, and makes one my am instructions receive to are here We

different is Spirit that the of the Lord that type of a have time hard men who to listen of to the the prophwords and ets, seers, and revel ators and servants of saying the things I ought to say as often is here."It was not long until he

God, our Father. as I ought to say them. It is her birthday spoke and said: "Well, it has to be

The Lord said in the Doctrine and today, and I want her to know that I something like that."

Covenants, 88 and 63: am grateful for her. I am grateful that I want to say just a word to the youth

she took me by the hand, as Brother of the Church, the young men and

Draw near unto me and I will draw near Cowley so beautifully portrayed to us. women, the young married couples. I

diligently seek you; unto and ye me shall I grateful that she like given has say to en- a with few words would am me

ask, receive; find shall ye knock, and me; she couragement reference to the has that personal value of your when known

shall you. be and it unto opened

I I discouraged testimony, was down. precious and probably your most am

It is my humble and sincere desire grateful for her faith. Everything that possession.

and prayer that my Father in heaven I do of any consequence, I must credit I realize there is great stress being will draw near unto me while I speak in a large measure to her and to my placed on education, and rightly so.

to you today, and I shall be grateful Father in heaven. This Church has always sponsored and

for an interest in your faith and prayers. Sometime ago I had in this great fostered education. Ever since the PioThis is always a very difficult asTabernacle a man and his wife and a neers came here, this Church has supsignment for me, and I am grateful to boy from the East, a man with whom ported and sustained schools and unithe Lord for his sustaining influence on I have been associated in business but versities, seminaries and institutes. The

930 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA authorities have believed in education, be constantly reinforced. We may have the whisperings of the still, small voice.

hut they have also stressed greatly spirhad some faithpromoting experience in The Lord once said, itual, religious education in the hearts our lives, and many of us have; we may

and souls of our young people. have even witnessed a miracle, and some But he that believeth these things which

I I visit the spoken, will have with him of said our us credit have. has one great Some brought Education has

shall Spirit of manifestations he and my a be concept state. dynamic this to Just testimonyto the may and Church

record. of because bear For and know my proof, revelaevidence, and based educators four uponrecently, makthere were Spirit shall these things are that he know

It tion. acquired been efficiency have educational may a survey,ing an it for true; to good. persuadeth do men

if prayer, our but institutions study and through great ofsurvey, our one on thing persuadeth whatsoever And men in the state. They were all from the testimony ceases to grow, it may finally to do good is of me; for good cometh of

eastern part of the United States; none cease to be. none save it be of me. I am the same that

of them are native sons; and they have Therefore, it requires each of us daily leadeth men to all good; he that will not

studied the trend of education in this to try to improve our lives, strive to believe my words will not believe me

I will believe that that not he am; and me to properly discipline conourselvesstate. and great research, and They made

will sent the believe Father me. not who behavior. duct our of thatthe committee came chairman

I light, Father, behold, the the For am I am to constantly be testimony needs said,to a Our have while ago and me "We life, of truth the the the world. and and

to strengthened remain cultivated anddiscovered very very but unusual two I Gentiles, unto ye me, and Come O of alive. the forceful factors and the educationprominent about A testimony things, will greater the the unto you show

in the state of Utah."We are a small gospel of Jesus Christ, a testimony as knowledge which is hid up because of unstate and a poor state, and as we learned to the mission of the Prophet Joseph belief.

this morning from Dr. Woodward, is a blessing earnestly to be desired, to Come unto me, O ye house of Israel,

speaking to the welfare workers, only be prayed for, and to be lived for. When and it shall be made manifest unto you

three percent of the soil in this state is once obtained, that testimony will shine how great things the Father hath laid up for of you, the the world; foundation from its will to others, flame as a state. andtillable, beacon rich so not a we are

you, because not unto it hath and come lighted; torches be other that might burn this factors great that edutwoThe unbelief. 4:1114.) (Ether of

it if to ceases glow, testimony our but said were:cator astounded him (1)

lost. is be of greater athere the percentage may popuwill give Prayerful, seeking humble

read the Testament, In of statelation we in twentyfive the New Utah I people. the answer, would young of you

of of Tarsus. experience Saul the ofyears over age He a high have and who all are in of to say whenever you you

truth; the against he contending was inschool other education than any hesitate to never doubt, know need you

saints. denied persecuting thestate was He in there the is a union; and (2) get answer. the go can you where and

of as divinity Jesus, he then was tho andlarger of of the percentage people Utah rewill hear will he you; Lord The

to route imapprehend en and them oftwentyfive over years age and who those mind. your from doubts move conprison suddenly them, he was college state ahave education than any

all does not a testimony come Oh, blind- a Master. fronted the saw byin the tribute He union. great is a That

if continually at once, developed but say, light, the ing Master heard he andto fathers our to this pioneer and it is a cultivated, a power and and persecutest thou "Saul, Saul me?"state. why to this andChurch

felt forever. will that strength be art said, thou, Lord?"Saul And "Who I tell like also, to But you, would

Saints perAs Latterday said, "I our own the Jesus Lord am whomanother Riddell, And from word N. Newton

is sufficient. alone sonal not testimony 9:4-5.) persecutest."Acts (See Saul thou this he speakingwhen comment, made

it is reinforced, acquired our and Once led stricken blind but away, and was spiritual,of religious education:

later he was miraculously healed of duty as individual members of the

He who knows books knows much; he that blindness. Surely, if any man had Church to bear that testimony constantwho knows nature knows more; but he who had a testimony to justify the feeling ly to the world, to preach the gospel,

knows God has reached the goal of human of having arrived, if any one experience and to bring salvation to the souls of wisdom. would seem sufficient to entitle anyone men.

to say, "This is enough, I need no The Savior said:

To the young people, your personal more"Saul had that experience. He

testimony will give you great happiness; had been made to see, but if he had And if it so be that you should labor all

a testimony as to the divinity of the been content to relate his experience to your days in crying repentance unto this

Savior of the world, born as a babe in his friends or if he had stopped growing, people and bring, save it be one soul unto great shall joy with be your him me, as toBethlehem, how a testimony teachthe the great never have he become would (D. Father! C. the in kingdom & of myings life of the Savior, the of Savior, the of Saul Tarsus the Apostle. was Paul

18:15.) crucifixionhis Calvary, actual the on the Apostle the acorn, Paul was and

resurrection of the Savior from the tomb. oak. the great the Master have placed must Oh, for? that I could So you and haveWhat life of his the balance During are precious soul; they every he value on life.eternal missionary. great In bonds taught as a sight. his in

as Yes, a personal to kings, testimony to the his testimony he bore and on An ancient philosopher once said:

restoration in this dispenof the gospel ship, the was in the dungeons. and He

sation, the visit of the Father and the inspired by his testimony, and he bore Unless you bear with the faults of a.Son to Joseph Smith, the Prophet, that testimony the rest of his life. friend, you thereby betray your own.

as so beautifully given to us by PresiThe youth of the Church may somedent Joseph Fielding Smith. He was times wonder if they have a testimony. Young people, do not lose your testitruly God's servant. Then he sealed They may ask how it may be obtained. mony. You may discover sometimes

that testimony with his life's blood as Some young people may be discouraged, that you are in doubt. I think we all

did that marvelous brother of his, and they may compare their knowledge have. You may sometimes wonder if

Hyrum. Young people, you do have a and testimony with that of others, but your testimony is waning, but let that be

testimony that this is true, and it will let me plead with the young people a signal to you, let that be the time be a source of comfort to you in the never to become discouraged. Always that you come to one of your brethren,

hour of need. remember that the fullbloom rose was one of your friends; that is the signal

Yes, the object of all gospel teachings once an unopened bud and that the for you quickly to associate yourself is to promote faith and build a testiripened fruit was once just a blossom with the Church and become very active mony. Without a personal conviction and that all great things came from in the Church, that is the time that you

or without a personal testimony, our small beginnings. must confide in God your Eternal

teaching may lack warmth and light. Yes, it is our individual problem, and Father.

Testimony inspires testimony; convicprobably a continual one, for all of us The person whose fate is most

tion begets conviction. to make sure as best we can that our distressing is he who has lost his faith

A personal testimony after we have lives are such that we can hear the and his testimony. He may live near

received it, I have learned, and I am promptings of the Holy Ghost which you or me—he may go about performgrateful that I have learned it, needs to we have received, that great Comforter, (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1952 931 strong testimony to pull us over those

Thorpe B. Isaacson Continued rough spots in life. I am satisfied the

happiest men I know of are these men,

I are they and and happy know why it is profeshis dailying yet work, very whether be your the he Church, much are because they you happy, know why it isalone. habits, sion, lacks your be unhappy, whether he and whether He of great the have, betestimony they

it of toa sense that belonging. has Life be hurt your seems somebody

of living their to close cause the Lord, is, it it is feelings;have to matter purpose the him; no put no he what man his of partaking and wonderful and

aside. into of pales a the back having has testimony hadwho Come now spirit. sweet

it,lost blessings receive faith return the those prayer but Church, and can and him to us and bring about a renewal of that the Lord has in store for you. Great May God grant that we may always

that testimony. It has happened to will be your joy; great will be your have that brotherhood that President

many, and it will happen again. happiness. Stephen L Richards often talks about.

the other I say I heard Just someday him to friends plead with want and my to for renot be us to It ought hard like this: are great "All thing enassociates, brothers, men acquaintmy my my

feel of pent. us good None when we great in cause,"gaged and what some allances, to aside and with put men,

feel All better of us do wrong. when greater that cause is there the cause thanthose things keeping which you may be

to the his ask can go Lord and of bringing in, the cause I we are engagedinactive in the say we Church. would

to all men, repent of that which you forgiveness and when we can go to our salvation to the souls of men, and theirs in brethren put our and hands is to thathave life? done wrong, your go eternal

tell of shortcomings. our and themFather to in heaven, brethren go your

strong, grant that be we will God Surely may of take advantage no man is love. reason There you nowhom

is of that close confidence. that stay to kind the Lord, and the That we may to brethren. cannot go youryou We exists feeling that in this Church. That "If says, will he near draw you whenlove you; love your bishops you; you

is is the brotherhood that intended be- I will near me, unto you,"unto draw to uscan anything; about come and

we will treat you truly as our brothers. tween us as brethren in the priesthood (see D. & C. 88:63); may that be our

Do not live longer on the outside, no and brothers and sisters in the Church. happy lot, I humbly pray in the name

matter what is keeping you inactive in God grant that we can each have a of Jesus Christ. Amen.

youth,"said President Clark, "but he

living."right This is a theme by and"To My Son must conquer it for himself, by work, citizen. - Seek Ye The lord"for Christian a young

Not long ago I read a story of Benjaby Oscar A. Kirkham min Franklin. On one occasion he

went to visit a friend. He took with

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY him his seventeenyear-old son. When

he came to the home of his friend, he humbly pray that the Lord will bless bring them to spiritual heights, and the said to him, "I wish you would bless me, as I address you. How serious enjoyment of full living. my boy."The aged man put his hands

of this said the youth, head and upon is this responsibility! and important II was on last summer How happy

liberty. son, him, to and God "My Yesterday I read from the Book of shipboard with 627 American youth goIsaiah; the first lines were a theme for ing to Austria to a world jamboree of God and liberty—remember these two

son, So I say and your to mythe M. I. A. some time ago. Scouts. the Sabbath came, words."day When throughout son, to every mother's son a service. were sacrament having we

the exercise found, Seek glorious while ye as he be land, Lord the the may you of our took care of Two young men.. isCall near. while he ye upon him citizenprivilege of Christian right and this sacred of ordinance the Lord. A light shall as forth. the break thy Then let this ship, heart in ever your and be stranger standing in the door watchwas shall health thine springmorning, and liberty."mind, and "God ing the ceremony. listening was He speedily;forth righteousness shall thy and

go before thee; the glory of the Lord shall carefully to what was going on, and Next summer, July 17 to 23, fifty

be thy reward. (Isa. 55:6; 58:8.) after these boys, holding the priesthood thousand boys will camp on the hills

of God had humbly performed their of southern California. My, what a

I would like to address myself, with sacred duty, he walked across the dinglorious experience, a high privilege will the blessings of my Heavenly Father, to ing room and said to me, be theirs, learning the art of living my sons. I am very happy that one of happily together, and to live as Christhem is in the audience today. The I want two hours. I want them as soon tians, at least all have expressed their

others are scattered in different parts of as possible. I have seen nothing like this. faith in God. I hope your son will be

the world. This is the admonition I I have felt nothing like this on our journey. there. I would love to pitch my tent

would give to them: Be worthy, and These young men, blessing the sacred sacnext to his. I would love to see him,

calling rament, the that they upon Lord as I of others, seen and thousands have in the priesthoodadvance God. of

their covenants renew with may the Lord at night, retire they hear them it is glorious to thing What a be suffito his that keep they commandments, their may beforegive to prayers thanksgiving in God sufficientlyciently to live humble, his Spirit to have always them. be with This

worthy that one may speak and perform is deeply impressive. Let me meet with you and for guidance.

and bless and grow in the name of the soon. I have a friend whose son was killed

Lord! What a glorious blessing our in Japan. When his effects were sent

Heavenly Father has made possible in Yes, truly this is the greatest blessing home, the parents found a note in his his great plan of salvation for the men from God, to speak and perform, to uniform. The note read:

of his Church to receive the priesthood bless and grow in his holy name.

of God. This great blessing I pray may And I would like to express another If I happen to die in this war, here is

be part of the blessings that the gospel wish to my sons and I say it with reversomething I want you to do. I have a ten-

I policy, insurance thousanddollar and I to sons.brings are ence, they sincere desire: hope and with "Be my an

to that take you money, want and when to in glorious that activeworthy citizen."opChristian advance September On is to the over, a bring war Japanese America

priest. toportunity first 1, President high from his deacon Clark eightyon A so that him, and educate boy he when may

truly great birthday, adventure? press. interviewed the was by it to that land, back will go help Yes—adventure enemy

with the Lord, full of blessings the like I was impressed by the message he gave him that he may build his life in the spirit of which no man can give you, it will to them. "This is a great day for each of our democracy.

932 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA There is Christian citizenship in its high ful before the Lord with spiritual blessthem was married in this lovely dress.

expression. ings. There are no more beautiful experiences

I would love to have my son fill a A final wish I make: than these. What a grand expression

worthy and honorable mission, yes, of love and appreciation it was in humbly and worthily. I just returned Son, go courting with a lovely Latterday Prescott, Arizona, for a Brother Johnson

from touring the Canadian Mission. Saint girl, and go to a temple of the Lord and his good wife to sacrifice and save

When I asked the young missionary and be married there, and build a good and plod along through the years until men what is their greatest spiritual Latterday Saint home. their seven boys and girls had had the

need, nearly all of them would answer, privilege of going on a mission. Then

"To be humble—that's my need. To What a lovely thing it was one year one happy wedding anniversary time,

seek the Lord, to know the strength at M. I. A. time when nineteen couples the boys and girls had saved quietly,

which comes when he is near."What came from California and were married and the bishop had spoken to them

it glorious is a experience for at Salt here in the temple City. a young Lake their father about they mother, and and

the of privilege to have going man charming! delightful a exWhat on How to privileged mission. also were a go on mission, a as a servant of the Lord, cursion that filled and was! eyes were How

it I blessing, a glorious wish and What I appeal this great to tears audience, of rejoicing as today, with they bestood and those listening on the air, God fore the altar of the Lord and were for my sons and daughters—a happy

grant to you that high privilege, for the married for eternity. What a beautiful Latterday Saint home.

world is on its knees, waiting for you experience when eleven young ladies of These things I wish for my children or your son or my son to come and one of the Ogden stakes made a dress, and your children, and for them I bring the gospel's glorious message, that a wedding gown, together, and in their humbly pray, in the name of Jesus their lives may be made more beautiturn, as opportunity came, each one of Christ. Amen.

tacted in their lives that do not conform to the teachings of this Church, that are contrary to it and the teachings The Gospel Embodies and principles of the gospel, then those things should be rejected or laid on the shelf. They should not be adopted.

Now the Lord teaches us that we are ALL TRUTH the children of God, that we have a

Father in heaven. That is a fundaby George Q. Morris mental truth of the gospel. And that

we are to worship him and keep his

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE commandments. I remember not long

ago reading of a survey made among dear brethren and sisters, I am tion. It is planned according to eternal college students. They were asked to

thankful for the privilege of being principles. give their conception of what God was

like, this of said in great conference. considered with one he you and them

I all urge peopleMy our with young my

I like cloud. this that that an has oblong duty been approach wasAs God to learn this of heart doctrines the

I I for got don't assigned Well, pray the he me, where now humbly know its its for doctrines, in in preChurch,

I that idea, say, cloud. that direct that to an oblong should wasLord which God is its cepts, in the teachings of power

I it feelings didn't get of of invite sympathetic the out teachings yourand He I salvation. urge our unto the God

or of the behalf. gospel Christ prayers in the Lord Jesusand my this to in accept people young Church

Christ. there salvation Jesus can What I is there think can nothing any man fact, as that success a whatever they

is in believing be that oblong an God will of that tend himself towardssay if life, to in attain they not do may is It It error. cloud. save. cannot an said salvation. that hasour Lord The salvation of in secure the God, kingdom

It destroy. go, frequently only can We this in'we nothing without can do work is that are success then the We elders our to to others and gone have I in grateful hearthim. been have my of children belong in God. back Wefailure. bring of gospel, the the message them servicesduring that the these have we If is life his this over. presence when

as to teach begin the and we them it istruth. to have wonderful How failed. there, not reach do have we we

reality as of Father, our imthey God stand; to to truththe which and upon life of principles the eternal Only

reject idea the mediately of being God it as as guide, a as a support,have an in will gospel taught bring the to us enlightenment. The Apostle Paul rethat salvation. in the form of man or being in any

ferred to the gospel as "the power of form that we can conceive of and unGod unto salvation."Truth is of God, So many people say, "Well, we want derstand because they say, in their suand only truth tends towards salvation. to be honest. We want to be good perior knowledge, that God is unknowThere is no power in error except to citizens. We want to be true to our able. If we could know God, they say,

destroy, to spoil, to bring sorrow and neighbors and our friends. We need no he wouldn't be God. Well, to such exintermediary between us and God. the speculations tremes have gone and Weregret often speak and and failure. We

trust to the do what is right and furationalizings not of men who have salwill for thefrequently need dwell upon vation. May we assume that we accept ture."Well, they are leaning on a broken known the truth. Can there be inspirathe truth, that we need salvation. We reed. God has prescribed the principles tion? Can there be help, such as the

are here in the earth, banished from that will save us and exalt us in his presbrethren have been speaking of in havthe presence of God until we come back ence, and they are embodied in the ing blessings and guidance and comfort into his presence through faith and teachings of the Church. And we are and support, from an unknown God?

through his gospel and through obeditaught these principles because they are The teaching of the gospel is that a salvation. that for our I would of his knowledge Son, Jesus of God andence. there through necessary only come We can

life for people the study Christ is essential all our young would eternal our righteousness.principles of truth and

We can come back into his presence, doctrines of this Church faithfully, be and salvation.

constant scriptures, readers of its and to the faith only in are taughtwhere believe by following we belong, We is truth. what Then when they for us. outlinedplan that he has repentance for baptism, and admisand No know

one else could outline it. That is his go forth in the world, in their affairs, sion to his Church and kingdom. Can

prerogative. It is his work and his in college, in their occupations, they we believe in something else and be

glory to bring salvation to his children, would have standards by which to judge saved through it? It is impossible.

and he is the one to plan for that salvaall things; and if any things are con- (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1952 933

George 0. Morris Continued tocollegetake andon ahasn'tcollegetheeducationspiritual capacitywithout

losing his faith, he had better stay on the farm and in do his duty the Church, into great a I went principle, York there church, then salvation comes New serve his and fellow serve and men God, finest of the in one York, to us as at the go obeying forward the we New in and grow knowledge intelligence and last of beginning year. a truth. There so progress was we with And may

there, and all power because the things splendid of audience all truth. respect to and women. men

he get might in colleges do lead not I respect full give credit them and them is statement frequently that The made to intelligence. If is it true, thing a for sincerity their It in worship. hapall gospel the I truth, embodies and it isn't does. it true, does not. to pened the be time they received when see for can one very reason good saying So, brethren sisters, and myIf thank into their church. members new There that, if the because says Lord that we for the Lord truth. the the Lord Thank stood the front five up on about row will his keep will commandments, we for the gospel of Christ. Jesus Thank six or people to join had come who in in until truth knowledge grow and the for Lord the splendid leaders God the church. of the ministers One came is It all truth. prerogahave our we has raised to instruct up us counsel and to front seat the to said down and tive as of children obedience, God, by us us. direct and Let our youth preserve them, believe in you Jesus Christ?""Do is all It to all truth. gain in embodied teachable hearts minds, and enlightened said, "Yes."stepped They to up He gospel the of Christ. Jesus spirit the by of and power the Holy and shook them hands them, with and

I that our hope young go when Ghost. men they can Then go all through said, welcome into the you "We to college that out will they continue the colleges in the world, all the and church."that does salvamean Now their scriptures, of the study that they occupations and needed experiences in for tion that through them church? will their activities continue in the the world, preserve and their faith and didn't say, "I into the welcome He you

it is insofar as possible Church where successful be as men, among and men of Christ."Jesus Church conwas He

if are they located; are desiring they and always be thorough Latterday Saints, sistent in that, are because people not

all their hearts to their with in continue and then are they successful indeed. into the brought of Jesus Christ Church

activities, will they find a probably give way us power, May God the and youth in that way. Peter Apostle told The

it. I of believe doing that of young our men to Church power, hold to the on to into the them come how Church college faith, go preserve it through may and love to all with their hearts, they of repented sins their when had

faith their in faith in to grow it and and incorporate lives, in their to give to in be baptized of the Jesus name if intelligence it first understanding they and place, so that bless and God may for Christ of the remission their sins will faithful their retrue be to and preserve them, all and this do may we that gift receive they might of the the if ligious obligations, but not they do this follow I and principle, humbly

Holy Ghost. That's a true principle. do that, they may lose their faith. If pray, in the name of Jesus Christ.

If we believe in that and obey that there is anyone who wants to go to Amen.

BE YOURSELF OFby HenryTHE COUNCILD. MoyleOF THE TWELVE

I that angel, were an could and also have in was the is beginning Man this with glory, that perhaps my be an I may of I the wish heart, that mine go might Intelligence, God. light or the of truth, was instrument in the of hands to bring God

forth speak the and of with trump not created God, or neither made, indeed can soul to be. some repentance; this is and joy. my with a voice to shake earth, the cry and 29:6-9.) (Alma

repentance unto every people! (Alma 29:1 Then the Lord says:

I have a conviction deep down in my the of statement was the of Prophet is All truth independent in that sphere heart that exactly we are what we old. in it, which has placed to act God

be, for should each of us, one as except itself, sure as all lives today in intelligence our also; 1 am otherwise many of

us wish that we were something other there is no existence. (D. & C. 93:2830.) we may have altered that pattern by

than we are, thinking likely that their deviating from the laws of God here in mortality. I have convinced myself that to true, For be we had lot is our own preferable to our own. But Alma

that those attripeculiar we all have free in agency our premortal existence, further: said

and whatever we are today is likely the butes, characteristics, and abilities which

Yea, I would declare unto every soul, as result of that which we willed to be are essential for us to possess in order the ofwith voice thunder, repentance and that fulfil full the we may of purpose heretofore. unquestionably knew We of the plan redemption, that they should our creation here this earth. upon before to to this we elected come earthrepent and unto come our there that God again, that Once allotment conditions under which which would wemight all not be sorrow more the the upon has is to exist, us live, come from here a sacred little God and work. and So of face the earth.

But behold, I am a man, and do sin wonder it is that Alma of old said that allotment. It is something of which

in my wish; for I ought to be content with we sin in the thought, or in the desire, we should be proud, each one of us in

the things which the Lord hath allotted or in the wish that we were someone our own right, and not wish that we unto me. (Ibid., 29:2-3.) other than ourselves. He said further: had somebody else's allotment. Our

greatest success comes from being our-

I believe that we, as fellow workers Now, seeing that I know these things, selves.

priesthood, in the well take might I should to why desire more than to perform I think can console ourselves that we heart the admonition to and be the work of Alma which I have been called? best by believing that whatever is our

content that with alwhich hath God I I desire should that angel, were Why an life, allotment is in call whatever our us. lotted well might assured that be all I could speak of unto the We the ends in the priesthood, the Lord has been

that earth? to had something we our do with I wise just, and add, and merciful, might

in"allotment"preexistent state. our behold, For the Lord grant doth unto in giving to us to that which we need

allThis additional nations, be for of would reason an their nation tongue, own and accomplish the particular purpose of our to his to teachus accept word, in yea, all present our condition that wisdom, and call.

seeth fit that should they have; thereforemake the best of it. It is what we agreed he

see that the we Lord doth counsel in wisFurthermore, when we are in the fullto do.

We are told in the Doctrine and dom,true. according to that which is just and exerciseobedienceof toourthe faculties,laws andandcommandlive in thatCovenants

I know that which the Lord hath comments of God, that which we do in fulHe that keepeth his commandments remanded me, and I glory in it. I do not filment of our call as holders of the

ceiveth truth and light, until he is glorified glory of myself, but I glory in that which priesthood or officers in the Church is all in truth and knoweth all things. the Lord hath commanded me; yea, and that the people who are thus affected

934 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA deserve. Otherwise, God could not be we have the true perspective of life and I hope and pray, my brethren and

just, and we know he is. of our mission, we would qualify oursisters, that we will be diligent in unIf we apply that principle to our selves from youth to meet any and derstanding and appreciating the eternal

lives, practically, does it not mean that every responsibility that might come to truths of the gospel of Jesus Christ, that when the bishop or the stake president, us. That is peculiarly necessary for a we will live and not merely exist. There

or the President of the Church, calls people to believe and to practice when can come into our lives no greater thrill upon us to fill an office or to render a they profess to the world that the men than to be conscious of the fact that we service to our fellow men, we should who preside over them in the Church have taken those faculties that God has accept that call with an assurance that and in the priesthood of God have been given us and utilized them as our we possess the essential qualifications called of God by those who are in auFather in heaven intended that we given to us of our Heavenly Father in thority to preach the gospel and adshould.

order to properly fulfil that mission? minister in the ordinances thereof. I was thrilled beyond measure the

I think this is peculiarly true of those If we truly believe the fifth Article of other day. I have a little grandson

of us who may be called upon missions Faith, if we truly believe that we have three years of age. I found him and

to go into the world and preach the such a mission upon this earth to fulfil, myself in front of a show window. He

gospel of Jesus Christ, the highest callthen indeed will we be diligent in said: "Granno, buy me something."I

ing that can come to man, that call preparing ourselves to meet the relooked hastily over the articles, and I which the Savior of mankind gave to his sponsibilities of life. We shall feel thought every article in the window

disciples last of all preceding his ascenqualified to go anywhere and to listen was intended for a little girl, dolls, etc.

sion to heaven, to go into the world and to any doctrine, whether it be of man I said, "There is nothing there for a preach the gospel to every nation, or of the devil, and be sure before we boy,"but almost in an instant he looked kindred, tongue, and people. go that we will come back firm in the up at me with his big eyes, and he said,

I wish we could take to heart the knowledge of the eternal truths that "Why, Granno, there is a truck there.

admonition of President Joseph Fielding God has revealed in these latter days Men drive trucks."

faculties utilize those and todaySmith his prophets. through I thrilled that to in think was mind been that have us gavewhich God fear the philosophies not need years of of three that age that We to power

to us allotted sacredlyreligiously and enwill world. need the not any utilize intellect, to the to We think and

life's of fulfilmentfor the in use our or instruction or any lightenment any life, in existed reason early so there qualifully that bemission, might we assistance but the anyone from Comat to the that brought and man, young as efforts, as wellfied our through own I forter. to witness bear For today you least, at results. the desired moment inthat whichthrough we endowment if allotthat of the accept the Lord we I pray, brethren hope and Now my in Father our received fromherited and as to given our us has he which ment sisters, will all place ourthat and we preach into and to the world goheaven as birthright, inheritance, our and we in selves position the can where we in his waithis to children gospel who it as will that should, build upon we we utilize faculties just these as that child light brought to truthdarkness and have lives all that enjoy our through Comlife, did, in every of circumstance and qualihave beento by them who men forter his Savior promised the which us, before have our through come perseverfied by and endowment, by disciples. obedience, through guidance and the to their thusance, work by own and

of the and direction Ghost the Holyaccomplish is the Ghost, Holy right all our answer to problems.

he name, We cannotthisbepurpose.satisfied with the fact whomThe theComforter,Father willwhichsend in my

that we are Latterday Saints and that shall teach you all things, and bring all May God so bless us I humbly pray we have received the priesthood, and things to your remembrance, whatsoever I in the name of the Lord, Jesus Christ.

that various calls have come to us. If have said unto you. (John 14:26.) Amen.

Fifth Session, Sunday Morning, October 5, 1952

"SEEK YE

DILIGENTLY"

by Levi Edgar Young PRESIDENT OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

brethren and sisters: The history

of in 1830 organization the Church of stories marvelous Myis oneof the Latterday Saints since the of the most all time. The glory of its history is the

fact that there has been a divine purpose and ideal to be worked out in this life.

This divine purpose is based on faith in

God, intelligence, and foresight. Many

THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY visitorsask aboutfromtheallrealovermeaningthe worldof comeour reto

First Seventy, front of the Council of the President Senior Levi Young, Edgar in ligion. there sat days ago few my A

left, Ivins, right. L. Richard center, Evans, R. with and Antoine row, a repreoffice a Mallin, Mr. Walter

left R. Hunter, rear, Milton to right: Kirkham, Oscar Young, A. S. Dilworth At

and Bruce R. McConkie. (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1952 935 later Angell, as O. Truman named

architect ofLevi Edgar Young Continued the the Salt Lake Temple, was commissioned to draw the plans for the as building, the long by shown civilization hardly childish, achieved a have of of thesentative surviving one newsforgotten recently found. drawing barely in half people; other attained by any ofpapers Germany. Western two With

project the out, carried been Had salt desert century, changed a they have a sentother he newspapermen, been had structure the undoubtedly have would are garden. into a admoreover They ofto to study a govthe America make

citizens, possessed architectural honest, lawabiding, interunusual and mirable religion the education, theernment, and... progressive. it est, for all majesty a beauty had andof to City, Salt America. Lake came He

its surpassing the own, anything on thisas of centers the he one was had is It farsightedness, the quiet the frontier originality in dignity. and for visit, to directed thatbeen he knew patience, the confident supreme and his replans AngelPs show Truman It converts. had German manywe faith people in our with which God to response the contemporary Gothic

tell to the impossible be youwould Kirtthe Beginning worked. with have its It vival, stages. in early then was asked, questions the most but hemany built, for present they land not Temple, to for repository the the designed be retoimportant our one was him how for satisfaction, noble deep but and some first library to in brought 1851, Utahligion for education. has worked He for their Kirtland In the purpose God. to of poverty people the the owing but told ideals of education about ourwas the Smith Prophet Temple, Joseph just to establish beginning were who religion.and for great love education and a showed their President homes, Brigham Young entitled recent In a book Education—Greek, Latin established and Hebrew, his prevailed brother Joseph, uponAmericas by Magic M. Raymond himself. classes, In attended them and of Seventy, to President not build the State President Emeritus,Hughes, Iowa a established schools and were Nauvoo, this for to reayears come. For someCollege, Lancelot, and William H. for all great a university and founded, edifice started. never the was son TheProfessor of Education, Iowa Vocational lives the Their purpose. were noble collecting seventies books, continued

statelatest College,State the have we civil, repolitical, of and embodiment lifine a they soon however, and had in concerning education Americament for faith. a ligious consider Let us of ancient the brary and modern in of states respective the America.and line of just an thought, one moment classics. of organtime the the From states of of of place the theSpeaking the always that remains idealism among First of of ization Seventy the Quorum of education, authors the inthe Union of schools people. speak Mormon their duties Kirtland, We in pointed were

first tellthis that, has us "Utah book activilater in in Kirtland Nauvoo, and Smith, the Prophet and out by Joseph states aplace wide the by among ties eclipsed pursuits that in educational realize to that to they were they came of of place the In speakingmargin."all the American other peoples on of teachers, the missionaries the the be

it states in all find the leadsUtah, we frontier. as Sensitive to the words Church. education.adult a their from number Taking name of section the in 109th the Docfound

to almost appears wholly be due This disciples, of "Seventies"Lord's the our trine Covenants: and educationto placed value high the on of Latterof of Christ the Jesus Church

by the people of Utah, coupled with day Saints form the central council of... Seek ye diligently and teach one anhigh efficiency in the expenditure of the missionary activity of the organizaother words of wisdom; yea, seek ye out of

funds devoted to school purposes. This tion. As early as the Nauvoo period the best books words of wisdom, seek learncombination of great effort and high of Mormon history, the need for a fine ing even by study and also by faith. (D. & C.

efficiency in the utilization of school library was keenly felt, for the seven109:7.)

infunds operated seems to have a reties readthen be eagerly must as now lidesire to a have a deep had They tomarkable overcome many manner of truths ing for the the searching and literary historical, religious, of and baryhandicaps. gospel. In Seasons, January Times and give urge the that works, would them

general of condition education 1, The the following item pub1845, was for selfdevelopment.

is EllsProfessorin also by Utah made lished: of the readers seventies became The

in of University Yaleworth Huntington of literature the beginning world, finest going forward the improvements Amonghis interesting entitled Civilizabook, of Bible, the the MorBook with Holy praise, [sic] this city, higher in merit none writes:tion Climate, he and when works. other Church and the two Library. Seventies'concern mon, the than The

The proud position of Utah is presumably has been commenced on a footing and scale, The people were poor in purse, but they the result of Mormonism. The leaders of broad enough to embrace the arts and sciwere concerned with certain influences

that faith have had the wisdom to insist ences, every where: so that the Seventies', which were given in the writings of

on a thorough system of schools, and have while traveling over the face of the globe, great authors. Sublime was their

Soldiers,"gather as the Lord's can "Regular to attendobliged children the them. The is for akin reverence knowledge which

all things, natural both the curious and selfdefense forced"Gentiles"in have been truth. of that love to the They knew all artificial, knowledge, the invenwith result well,to the has been and do equally sort of great could be only a any work of tions, genius specimens wonderful and of thinkadmirable. one Whatever may ideal. of the achieved power some by alfor that the gracing world been have it belief, as religious be a mustMormonism

it is of.. ideals the in. conduct high years. six And (forming) thousand most recredited a accomplished with having

markable work in spreading a moderate dethe foundation for the best library in the life that survive.

gree of education almost universally among world! There was hardly a family living in

the people of Utah..'.. remote parts of the territory but what

Saints the while was destroyed Nauvoo books, I think and of you had many to their in marching home new correwere the Furthermore, German libraries recall of the the can Sabbath far of west. the the the dreams But his compatriot,spondent was told what days. early of President schools the

Count Keyserling, once wrote. The people were never lost, and on July 15, Joseph Young and his colaborers in the

Epis1851, read in the Fifth General visited we alearned philosopher America tle Salt describing of the Church, years acrossfew ago, and on his way Lake throughFirst Councilthe yearsof theto Seventycollect books,continuedand the continent, he stopped off in Salt City, the following: the Mormon people became great readers

of his visit, a resultLake City. he As literature. older of of you Many of mem27th, SevenNovember the quorum On in hiswrote twovolume famous work recall ties great bers the erect in can assembled,, to of the Church agreed conference

these words: an extensive rotunda in Great Salt Lake teachers that were once in the schools

called City, to of "Seventies'the Hall be colleges here. Princeton and Uni- A Smith Undoubtedly Joseph and Brigham

Presitheir Science,"Young, Joseph and professor his versity in Life Mr. Jusof just as as prophets genuine wereYoung

trustee dent, superintendappointed was and tice reverently written has Sutherland Moses,were Luther, only they Calvin; and

of ent of work. foundation the the The exceedinglywere of uneducated. Karl Dr. Maeser, others G. and have

is hall East and on Temple commenced far of history given the and wide many streets. Second South and Main [Now continues: he Then intellects this of of glorious the people

.. is Streets.] Second design South. The

We Occidentals are not men of underhighly commendable to the brethren and who lived back in pioneer times. There

standing, but men of action. The same such a building is much needed in this were writers, too, in the earliest days,

Mormons whose religious ideas seemed so place. and it was William Cullen Bryant who

936 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA chose one of the poems of Sarah E. ject was that of religion and our sacred Santayana who was once professor of

Carmichael to be in his anthology of books: the Holy Bible, Book of Mormon, philosophy at Harvard University and

American verse. Many of the missionDoctrine and Covenants, and Pearl of one of the greatest philosophers of our

aries who went abroad long years beGreat Price, which took up many hours day. We had read the thirteenth chapfore the railroad, carried in their handof the three days our friend was here. ter of I Nephi in the Book of Mormon

carts the works of Shakespeare and the I called his attention to the scholarly and quoted the reference to a man who

German writer, Goethe. My own father statement made by the famous German was called from among the gentiles.

of, rector and scholar, Harnack, Adolf 1857 in to Englandcarried with him

I a beheld among looked and man And uniin, the history of professor church Practically Bacon. of Francis essaysthe the separated Gentiles, from the was who Prusof the Royal library member and a was versity, of Utah,in every ward waters; of the brethren seed by many my Berlin: sian Academy, Sabthe with in connectionestablished it I that Spirit of came the God, beheld and

bath schools. Fortunately, we have in down and wrought upon the man; and he

our possession a catalogue of the Gentlemen, it is religion, the love of God went forth upon the many waters, even life gives a meaning; neighbour, which not and does Library, the whichSeventies seed of unto my brethren, who were

it. Let me, cannot do knowledge land. writthe if you in promised there were books, butclassify the

as experience, one of please, speak own my I it the beheld that to pass came And religion, languages, government,ings on earnest taken years an thirty has for other of that Spirit upon it wrought God, phases who various ethics, theeducation, and things. knowledge Pure these in interest of forth capout they Gentiles; went and sciences.of the the to thing, is man glorious woe and a waters. tivity, the Nephi (1 upon many Seventies'Library to the addition In for sense his it blunts or light holds who 13:1213.)

was the territorial library brought by it! But to the question, Whence, whither,

It it in 1851. been answer gives to had an teams purpose?ox to Utah what and wrote a beauonce Santayana George

thouor it three little as did Dr. two City as York by in todaypurchased New contiful entitled "Faith"which poem instruct It indeed, does, ago. years sand a wonderBernhisel was and M.John 'first of journey this cerns Columbus. it it inconsistencies; detects facts; in us the of books. were collectionful There are: opening words The it deceptions the corrects links phenomena; Milton, Bacon, of Shakespeare,works

the idea. where and how But of sense and Virgil, EuripLucretius, Juvenal,Homer, part! better the choosest not world, thou O of our curve the and the world of curve Montaigne, Plato,ides, Sophocles, wise, It is to only be not wisdom it of which curve life own begin,—that eyes, close Goldsmith, the vision the Spenser, Herodotus, inwardTacitus, on And this whither a only us shows section,—and

it is heart. to the believe But wisdom masters great of others the telland us. many not does leads, knowledge curve

chart, world, and had a no found Columbus liliterature. bestof world's affirm the will the The if steady we a with But

skies; in the faith deciphered that one Save the sumof the standards copies York which received on thebrary forces and New

soul's trust surmise invincible the To as life our out shine inner of our Post, the mits Evening YorkHerald, New art. all his his science only and Was if self; real as our we nay, good, highest the Courier, and SaturdayPhiladelphia

accept to courageous enough earnest and are scienthe Review.North Of American let seventies, brother you, me To my direct our Reality great and the astific Printhem there Newton's were works fathers besay, thy have if "That which at look the then and them; we lives bycipia, Outlines Herschel's Astronomy of if its thee, earn to thou queathed history, follow it anew of mankind's course These Cosmos. Humboldt'sand Von strenuit."search, in possess and development, would upward

also to Orson wellknownbooks were for service, the patient communion ous and

Pratt. The treatises on philosophy inof minds in it, we shall not faint in weariBe strong and of good courage, fear not,

cluded the works of John Stuart Mill, ness and despair, but become certain of nor be afraid of them: for the Lord thy

Martin Luther, John Wesley, and God, of the God whom Jesus Christ called God, he it is that doth go with thee; he will

Emanuel Swedenborg. his Father, and who is also our Father. not fail thee, nor forsake thee. ( Deut. 31:6.)

The subject of education was just one phase of the conversation with our GerTo close our conversation, mention May the Lord bless us all, in the man visitor. The most important subwas made of the life and work of George name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

The Peace Table of the Savior

by Joseph L. Wirthlin

PRESIDING BISHOP

sincerely trust, my beloved brethren preparations are being made for a great the genuine spirit of peace has not and and sisters, that I might enjoy the Third World War. In Iran and in does not influence the dealings of peace

I Lord's favor during the few minutes Egypt we observe rebellion. There negotiations.

that I shall stand before you. seems to be a spirit of unrest all over Those who have been sitting around

in midst the been world. have the of world, tables the socalled We peace the to like read to you the I should is It years. thirteen for almost of war cagey men, cunning and been have first of section of the verse thirtyfifth of nations representatives the that true of sole for purpose negotiating the Covenants: Doctrine and the but peace, negotiate tried to we have territory, power, acquiring more more

For I am no respecter of persons, and will have no peace. and in the final analysis of it all, milthat all men shall know that the day speedWe have all of the difficulties that lions of people now find themselves

ily cometh; the hour is not yet, but is nigh the Lord spoke of, that peace would be under the heel of the dictator; they have

at hand, when peace shall be taken from taken from the earth, and that the spirit lost their free agency and liberty. They

the earth, and the devil shall have power of Satan would have dominion over the have lost their land.

over his own dominion. world. And as I contemplate these terrible

exist world, the with in that conditions sit if at peace the I those question in the world conditions who observe As we or advice ask, has counsel what you me spirit real hearts their the that all table agreed have in are sure today, we I am for Please us? Father our Heavenly is spirit the of peace of peace. the literally The from taken been has peace

eightyverse of the eighth the I regret read spirit of the Jesus Christ. Lord see in Korea of the earth. nations We find will section, therein you seventh Nations the was founded, United to seems struggle have when which a bloody

no end. Europe is an armed camp. On the name of the Redeemer of the World the counsel of the Lord. He said:

the other side of the Iron Curtain was not used, and for that reason I feel {Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1952 937

Joseph I. Wirthlin Continued familydaughtersaltarmeetingof prayers,togetherthe Spiritaroundof thethe

Christ will be there in rich abundance, for spirit of us love angiving the one in Wherefore, stand places, ye holy and officers this of presiding conpeace The serve spirit to of other, the wanting until of the notbe moved, the day Lord priests, are ference three the bishophigh spirit spirit of unity, the the God, and it for behold, saith quickly,come; cometh ric their direction of the ward. Under

all of of endeavors. in cooperation ourthe Lord.

is table the prepared the peace by thoughts our that Fourth, garnish we of Priesthood, the the Aaronic emblems virtue. clean are these places? our holy and minds with Only What They spilt the are blood broken body andare of bodies holy the the clean temples enjoy and minds can God. They table laid before congrethe the upon Spirit spiritare of the Christ, in meetinghouses, the the Lord Jesus one each

priests, officiating are gation. Those

to of peace.ward, the of dedicated worship our

teachers, of the deacons Aaronic and

I Fifth, as Father. of his say servants holding thatHeavenly our would God,

turn, in Priesthood. sacrathe And

if places, will Priesthood, recognizehomes holy our can become Holy we we offered. are prayers mentalcultivate Spirit of responsibility therein the the our perform and Lord Jesus

I of as the think prayers sacramental spiritChrist, of duties hearts. the peace. willing prayerful with and

all, of after for prayers covenant, the

Sixth, will that the remember we I into faces look As the of this vast in blessing the the bread the and upon the orphan, the widow, unemployed, Icongregation of think and the vast are blessings there the covecup upon will aged, that the and pledge our we Iradio audience, there are know many to. all First, ascribe that nants we to to support welfare program, the the live you aamong under of who cloud it is is blessed, sanctibread the when that in there will storehouse the be enduncertainty. are Present fathers and it. all fied of to those partake who life to bishop, necessities of the the ofmothers sons and daughters, and wives reto eat in Secondly, they covenant

distress. of are care in take those who sweethearts ofand soldiers the engaged of of the the Prince membrance body

is religion. pure undefiled This and theon battlefields bloody of Korea. The of Peace, to covenant the they remember are for love expressing Herein our weword that come your loved may one spilt to blood. agree Thirdly, witthey

in neighbor need. be who mayhas the sacrifice, made supreme or that their to ness willingness take unto God

your loved one has been our must dead ancestry, remember wounded and We of the Christ, Jesus upon them name is life, for is or will of that follow maimed your the admonition loved one we always. take and remember him To

prisonera in the prophet, of the declared hands he the time a heathen when of Christ, to the one Jesus upon name enemy. me, means that we will accept the would come when the hearts of the

There are other perplexing problems Son of God as the Redeemer of the fathers would be turned to the children, that many of us have. Men of affairs World, that we will accept his plan of and the hearts of the children would

walk the floor at night, wondering how salvation and live it as he has combe turned to the fathers lest the Lord their problems are to be solved. We fail manded us, and then to remember the come and smite the earth with a curse.

to think of the Savior, of his counsel, great sacrifice that he made upon We will meet all of our obligations and his teachings. Calvary's hill. with glad hearts, remembering that if

I quote to you the twentyeighth to I feel as we attend the peace meeting the kingdom of God is to grow and the thirtieth verses in Matthew eleven, of the Savior in holy places of worexpand in the earth, it is necessary that wherein the Savior said: ship, that we have no idea of the suffinances be available to pay for the

fering that the Savior passed through operation and the expense of the Church.

Come unto me, all ye that labour and are both in the Garden of Gethsemane, and That none of us are going to find means heavy laden, and I will give you rest. also on the cross. and ways where we might deduct from

Take yoke you, upon my of learn and Lord's this the tenth or item item. that to covenant his keep commandWe I forme; lowly meek in heart: am and and If will full, tithing in our pay the we us.. has given ments he which Andye shall rest find souls. unto your of old promise the ours will prophet be if the us, will Lord covenants with we is For yoke easy, is and my burden my if said tithes take he our would we his rewhen will keep commandments, if welight.

member his great sacrifice, if we will acto the storehouse of the Lord, the

And again he said to us, in the twentycept him fully, that he, in turn, will heavens would be opened and abundant third verse of the nineteenth section of reward us with the association of his blessings would come upon us to the the Doctrine and Covenants: Holy Spirit. extent that we would not be able to hold

And as the Sabbath comes to an end, them.

Learn of me, and listen to my words; and we return to our homes, we should Brethren and sisters, if we love the

walk in the meekness of my Spirit, and go forth with the determination to keep Christ, if we keep our covenants at his you shall have peace in me. the commandments of the Savior of the peace table, each Sabbath day, and keep

World. The first one being: his commandments throughout the

These declarations of the Savior are is there week, no question in my mindthe peacecall faithful, to the to the... love the Lord thy God with all thy but our what holy homes will become

obedient, to all heart, those all soul, with thy and with accepted have and who places, Spirit of will the Christ where.. thy mind. as thehim of Redeemer the World. rich in abide abundance, and where we

it, is like the second. shalt unto And Thou the peacecall With comes this adwill protected be from the and harm love thyself. as thy (Matt. neighbour 22:37, tomonition attend the peace of meeting if I evils of world. sure the we will am 39.)the of Prince Peace. this, subscribe to the peace covenants do

table, at his his peace through it, it is made of love. speak As I define We But that remember on this, the Lord's

will the Holy Spirit come, words great motivating, stimulating passionday, shalt offer thou thine oblations and the activates to us service render to whichthy sacraments the unto Most High, con-

I leave you, I give Peace with peace myfessing sins thy his to keep to God, unto thy commandments, and brethren, and

I as you: unto the giveth, give not worldbefore the Lord. (Ibid., 59:12.) for express love our obedience by him you. troubled, not unto heart Let your be

if his to love commandments. And we let afraid. 14:27.) neither it be (John again the peacecall And comes, will service our to neighbor render we

him, whether it be of a materialistic or Yes, there there war, be may be may And that fully thou mayest keep more a spiritual nature. there the famine, disturbances be maythyself unspotted from the world, thou

shalt go to the house of prayer and offer Third, the Savior said to pray always of nature, nations may crumble into up thy sacraments upon my holy day. that ye may not faint. I am sure that dust at our feet, but I promise you that

(Idem, 9.) we will all agree these are times when our Redeemer, the Prince of Peace, will

the hearts of men are faint, when their keep his covenant with us. He will

Here we find the source of real peace hearts fail them. give us hope and assurance, and whether

in the house of the Lord, upon the SabBut in our homes, with the Spirit of it be in death, or whether it be in life, bath day, here a peace conference is in Jesus Christ in our souls, we can pray he will receive us.

session with the Savior of the World. to God, father and mother, sons and How many of us are attending the

938 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA on this point. He said, speaking of the

sacrament, Teach its observance to your children;

impress upon them its necessity. Its observance is as necessary to our salvation as

are any of the other ordinances and commandments that have been instituted in order that people might be sanctified. (Discourses of Brigham Young, p. 171.)

He further declared, In some of our wards and settlements the administering of the sacrament has been introduced in the Sunday schools. It is

very pleasing and gratifying to the spirit that I possess, for the parents to see that their children attend Sunday school, and receive the proper instruction with regard to their faith. [And I want you to mark this,

and I emphasize itj: After the Sunday

school is over, let the parents take the Dains to bring their children to meeting. (Ibid.,

173.) What meeting? The sacrament meeting, the peace meeting of the Prince of

Peace.

The Sunday School is under mandate to teach the gospel of the Lord Jesus

Christ to the membership of the Church.

I am sure in the Sunday School they teach the children the significance of the sacrament, and I am sure along with it, they also teach them the necessity of attending the sacrament meeting.

The sacrament meeting, brothers and sisters, should become the family meeting of the Church, where father, mother, sons, and daughters attend together and

THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC renew their covenants as they partake

Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin (right) and his counselors, Thorpe of the emblems of the Last Supper.

B. Isaacson, center, and Carl W. Buehner. The Lord Jesus Christ said:

little not, forbid children, Suffer them and is follow the Jesus Christ. of the admonition Lord that wellpeace meeting we

is for to the kingof such unto me: come at present of the Corinthians: to time the the PaulIn Church

19:14.) of heaven. (Matthew dom its of atpercenttwenty-five members let himself, examine and so a But man

the meeting the sacramenttend on Sablet of that drink of bread, that eat and him fail If to take children to the our we it is inspiring day. However, andbath cup. are taking not meeting, sacrament we

Latterto that theencouraging eateth drinketh know that unhe and For us. as Savior to the he commands them

worthily, girls drinketh of eateth ages damnation the and Saint betweenday

I that partakes that child every sure am Lord's the body. himself, discerning to not attend nineteen sacramenttwelve and of underthe sacrament, has an and this sickly are cause For and weak many exthe to in themeeting summertime

it, feel of kindly the standing must (I 11:28sleep. you, Cor. among and many in percent fortyeight of thetent and of spirit the Savior of World. the 30.) fiftyfive percent. averwintertime The

age attendance at sacrament meeting Paul declared to the Romans in the The Lord Jesus Christ keeps his promof the Aaronic Priesthood bearers is seventeenth verse of the fourteenth ises if we keep ours. This terrible war

thirtyseven percent. chapter of Romans: is constantly upon my mind. I think

in in foxholes of the and young men thing wonderful a grand and What of the not For of meat kingdom hillsides God is the rocky the bunkers onit if this of the place holy be would righteousness, drink; peace, but and ol direction the Korea, under where filled were dayLord Sabbath on the in joy the Ghost. Holy to andand of possibly leader, or their one group every individualcapacity, that each and

the peacechaplains, they surround our this that of has Church made Imember of question, the submit many "How partake Christ, of table the Jesus Lord of baptism, waters in thecovenant would is of that the think us kingdom God Supper, the of Last of the emblems of thefollow the commandments of entirely drink, meat up made and to always with covenant him make particular attend in theChrist and materialistic of things the the world?"

I as reward, a him, and am remember meeting.sacrament fields in the our time spend we When to Spirit them, whispers his sure that in our time I spend plowing, to that we should say when have we am Who are I you."give unto peace They "My time businesses, our fifty spend our at percent we whena sacrament attendance their in solace they comforted, have the the in seeking pleasure in world on attendpercentmeeting, a seventyfive or

life death, or in in hearts, whether and it is that indication Lord's day, an we atance meeting? the sacrament I have no receive bless will and them the Lord of as of accept the one kingdom toright limitation the God a put on number him. unto them things materialistic drink, the meat, and attend.that has put Lord should The

no limitation on it any more than to of life, rather than righteousness and The great obligation that rests upon expect every member of this Church peace and joy in the Holy Ghost, the us as long as we enjoy membership in to attend to the revealed meeting, the things of the kingdom of God. the Lord's Church, is to attend the

most important meeting of the week, There is a growing tendency in the peace meeting, to participate in the the peacemeeting of the Lord Jesus Church to think if we attend Sunday negotiations of the sacrament table

Christ and to partake of the emblems School on the Sabbath morning and wherein we again renew our covenants of the Last Supper and renew our covepartake of the sacrament, all of the with the Lord Jesus Christ. And just

nants with him. requirements have been met. I hear as surely as we live, regardless of what

And in partaking of the sacrament it the words of the Prophet Brigham Young (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1952 939 Joseph L Wirthlin Continued Britishannihilation,army; butcapture,at theorcrucialdefeat momentfor the

when Britain's soldiers needed help, the intervened. of heaven hapGod What conditions inthe the if ise be, world the will to the may peace go you meetwe that dark, pened? At a black moment, of Savior will theword of be kept Savior, ing our the Christ, Lord Jesus when

settled directly mist narthe over down said,he Spirit every his Sunday, will there be visibility canal. All row disappeared rich it in will abundance, take into we

I leave I Peace military you, with operations and peace ceased. give my How our homes, his keeping and by comunto you: as not the giveth, world give long? long Britain's for Just enough our I mandments can homes a become you.unto Let not your heart be troubled, soldiers escape to their and make way place, holy they of can become houses it letneither afraid. be 14:27.) (John across the shores. channel to English

I blessing God, pray all will which we

I firmly believe that the Almighty can sisters, Brethren these in and hours in enjoy, the of the of King name intervene crises does in and for great the distress, of I destruction, and war promPeace, the Christ. Lord Jesus Amen. benefit his of children, especially when

freedom and liberty are at stake.

Another incident is recorded in world history. It happened in the year 1588

when King Philip of Spain sent his "invincible armada"out to destroy the inferior British navy. The British navy

was no match for the powerful Spanish GOD INTERVENES fleet of one hundred and twenty ships, armed and equipped for battle. Once

again the Almighty came to the rescue

storm arose on the high the seas, and in HUMAN AFFAIRS of the British. At the right moment a fleet Spanish scattered. was A few

of them made their way into the French by Alma Sonne harborleave. Theyof Calais,were eventuallybut were forcedovertakento

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE and destroyed by the British. Thus

the tyranny of Spain came to an end, and a new era in human history was begun. this question intervenyou Do SISTERS: BRETHREN I trust AND and Latterday Saints in believe The a tion of presides over God the who I pray that spirit the is good which not the only Creator, who God butMY destiny of nations? present has been is throughout these also of the the Ruler universe. who

conference sessions may continue with He intervenes in great crises when When President Levi Edgar Young us during the few moments I stand here. God's plan is in jeopardy and his diand Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin referred

I am convinced that there is something vine purposes are threatened. I recall, to Christopher Columbus as the disgreater than man's wisdom back of the as an example, an incident in the Civil coverer of the New World, I thought

great conference system, which was inWar. It occurred when the Confederof him standing high on his little craft

augurated by Joseph Smith, the Prophet, ates brought out the strange battleship fighting and defying, not only the elein the early days of the Church. We known as the Merrimac. The people ments and the turbulent waves, but also

have come here, you and I, to be reof the North were alarmed. The advisers the superstition and ignorance of his

freshed and to be strengthened; to be of Lincoln became hysterical. Fear and crew to discharge his Godappointed

edified and reassured in our faith. We apprehension took hold of the people. mission. It was no accident that he was

have never gone disappointed. away complaints The to President came Many permitted to reach the shores of San has hisLord blessed people abundantly, Lincoln. will shoot "They the down Salvador the in flimsy vessels at he had continue to blessand will in the Capitol,"said. them they replied, He "God his disposal. right was He he whenfuture. estimate influit. the can will is fight."not permit his This Who

said he was the "moved by Ghost"Holyence spiritual the I and sure power I feel which prayed. Lincoln certain am

his achieve to ambition. thus a And theseemanate inspiring from confertrusted for he in God, occasion one on

ence sessions? We come here full of he is reported to have said, "I have new world, new opportunities, and new

eagerness and anticipation; we listen to been driven to my knees with the overideas were given to men to be developed

the sermons, to the fervent prayers, to whelming conviction that I had noand to be used for God's purposes.

the music and the songs of Zion, to the where else to go."Lincoln's prayer Neither can we doubt that Brigham

stirring hymns sung by the congregation was answered, because on a beautiful Young, prophet, statesman, and coloand last but not least to the anthems morning, there appeared in the same nizer, was similarly called and inspired and the renditions by our great choir. waters opposite the nation's Capitol, anin his great pioneer achievement. He

We are deeply touched and uplifted. other strange battleship. It was John and his people were protected in their

it isSurely, to good to belong Ericson's a Church Monitor. battle that The migrations. of every probability By law

isthat progressive, farseeing, inand ensued these between ships two was they should perished in have the desert.

itsspirational in unlike not program the battle between David program—a perish, But they did not for proGod's isthat calculated to as prepare us Goliath. and memde- Merrimac The was

bers for the eventualities which are sure feated as was the great giant, Goliath. tection was upon them.

to come. I recall, four years ago, driving I pray that we may appreciate our

We recognize and are aware of a through the ruined city of Dunkirk, the membership in the Church and that similar power and influence emanating city which has become famous in world we may be true and faithful to the from the missionary system of the history, because it has suffered ruin standards by which we are guided. An

influChurch. the can measure times. devastation so and As Who many we investigator said once to "Your me,

of justence missionary I goes one city, drove through the who the remember is the only face Church the Church oninto the to the proclaim world gospel led canal. road along us a narrow On of the earth that advocates standhigh spiritmessage? missionary right city, the of The lay which alus the ruined

rests upon him, somehow or other, most entirely destroyed, on the left was ards and noble ideals."His conclusion,

reaches out to the home from which he the open country over which the Ger- I hope, was not correct, but we must comes, to his relatives and friends and man army approached. Three hundred preserve the standards, the ideals, and

to all with whom he comes in contact. and fifty thousand British soldiers lay the faith committed to us through Jesus

His life becomes a great missionary with their backs to the ocean behind Christ. May we do so, I pray in his.

force in the world. improvised fortifications. It looked like name. Amen.

940 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of a great nation but now blasted Sixth Session, Sunday Afternoon, October 5, 1952 pride as death. and silent

I thought, too, this morning and during the conference of our visit to Poland, into the city of Warsaw by freight plane, our meeting with the Saints down in

Breslau, recently taken over by the

Spiritual Blessings Polishcommunists.nation under the direction of the

I remembered our meeting with the

Saints way up in East Prussia, near the

Russian border, Saints who had known

Overshadow Physical Privations slaveable privationlabor, whoandhadhardship,sufferedworseindescribthan death, and yet whose faith and whose testimonies were still burning brightly.

I recalled visiting the great centers by Ezra Taft Benson of destruction, where under the rule of

OF THE COUNCIL OP THE TWELVE thedredspowerfulof thousandsdespot andof humandictator,beingshunhave been slaughtered as evidenced by piles of human ashes. In Dachau alone,

beloved brethren and sisters, in I do not believe that "Come, Come, there were 138,000 destroyed, and this

of Spirit it the taining Pioneers power deeply Holy that did more than total brutally slaughtered. been had whoMydeep humility I pray for the susYe Saints"ever stirred the souls of the but a small part of some twenty million

faith little in of as your and party for missionaries apan interest and we sisters, brethren I remember, and my that proachedprayers. Saints. of the meeting great tracts fertile of once productive and

I great in this conference forget rejoiced shall I never their looking into have idle. lying land of anomaly land The

of faces God. day. kingdom that and upturnedof the Sabbath Church God idle, starving people there and because

to all! everyapproval bless echoed soul has one and themMy to plant, seed no was machinery with no

I said done. too, visits of I thought, and to that our been has otherthing to plant, cultivate, which harvest, and

this of for testimony grateful Frankfurt, Frieburg, Hamburg, myam cities—to and no because power power machinery

to first a visit be proud latterday work, Berlin. great our to Hanover, and been destroyed had horses and been had

it, see great to the grateful of three part onehalf and meeting hour The killed the during and bombing many it is as being moves Saints progress that Berlin will in made with the never be killed others for eaten and human's its of I forgotten, the forget in shall accomplishment feelings forward nor my food! these All things other and many

mission. great into looked of refugees the faces as we have passed through the last mind my

across country on foot come had With you, I thrilled at the opening who as few days been assembled we have

President, beloved David halfstarved, of our address from with here in conference. Poland—people

of hope, a great message all their earthly belongings O. McKay, on their

love, and encouragement. I was hapbacks, and yet with the light of truth The aftermath of the war is usually

visit to his to have abroad, and him referpy faith in God shining in their worseEverywherethan thethereactualis thephysicalsufferingcombat.of old I Stayner that Brother eyes. and was pleased

Richards filled in a few of the gaps I shall never forget some of the acpeople, innocent women and children.

are Economies spirits broken the down, left unfilled President that related counts of the werewhich hardMcKay of people crushed, beand men women modesty. of his sweet shipsbecause had endured which been by memspirit of frustration a preand turned back bers been of thoughts have the in Church Germany My and wilderedvails. is It a to thing saddening see glorious, trying, yet a years to in Austria, ina few in HolNorway, up way

but profitable year spent abroad. Not land and Finland, Denmark, France, people who have lost their freedom

their lost have first choose—who these two addresses, Belgium, throughonly Czechoslovakia,

about freely, to assemble England, and rightthe rightto moveto singing of the the throughbut also in other countries in Europe.

sessions Satin our Saints too, on brethren I remember,German my and togethercalled, too,as thewe meetsin andherecorruption,today. I theresisters, first turned been thoughtsurday, have welfare when the Church my

to the hazardous, but neverto-befor- supplies arrived in Berlin. I presume immorality and the starvation that algotten year 1946 spent in Europe. you have never had the great and trying ways follow war.

I have lived again, my brethren and experience of looking into the faces of As a result of witnessing these condisisters, months spent among these wonpeople who are starving when you are tions, there came a deep feeling of derful people in our missions in Europe. unable to give them even a crust of gratitude in my heart for enduring

I shall ever be grateful to the First bread. We faced that as we first met faith and an appreciation to our faithPresidency and my Brethren for the with the Saints in parts of Europe. ful Saints for the lessons which they

rich opportunity which was mine, and But when the welfare supplies came, taught me. I came to have a new ap-

I am grateful to the Saints for the it was a time never to be forgotten by preciation for some of our principles great lessons which they taught me. I these faithful Saints. I can see them and teachings because of the devotion

shall ever be indebted to them for the now in tears, weeping like children, and example of these good people.

blessings that came to me because of as they looked upon those first boxes I came to love the Word of Wisdom my association with them. of welfare supplies when they reached more than ever before, as I saw its efAs I listened to the singing of our occupied Germany. fects in the lives of our people. I saw

Germanspeaking choir, I thought of the I have recalled also during this conthem get their limited rations, in some first time I heard the Saints singing in ference, driving through the cities, of which there would be a small quanwar-torn, occupied Europe. In the city through the streets, down the once most tity of tobacco. Then the Saints would

of Karlsruhe, where we had gone to try beautiful street of Unter den Linden trade that small quantity for more food, to attend a conference of the Saints, and looking over at the once beautiful while those with the tobacco habit we had difficulty finding the meeting Tiergarten in Berlin. I remember the would trade their limited amount of

place. We had to leave our car blocks Saints pointing out the Kaiserhof Hotel, food for more tobacco even at the risk

away because of the rubble that filled in ruins, where President Grant and of starvation. I feel sure that many of

the streets until there was only a narPresident Clark had stopped when they the Saints are, no doubt, alive and well row path. Finally when we sighted visited in Germany, and also the detoday because of their acceptance and

the partially bombed building, we struction of government and university living of this simple, and I think often heard the strains of one of our great buildings. Yes, I have recalled driving unappreciated, law of health given to

Latterday Saint hymns. through the industrial Ruhr, once the (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1952 941 a

Ezra Taft Benson Continued

the Saints through the goodness of the a testimony of this work can endure

Lord. anything which they may be called

I saw people whose craving for drugs upon to endure and still keep sweet in and stimulants had been intensified bespirit. Fly home cause of hunger. Men and women ofThe Saints in Europe taught me a new

fering to sell their clothing, to barter appreciation for the priesthood of God.

their children's food, and in some cases I heard them bear testimony of their

purposes families moral in order to satisfy the homes. who had been Many for the to surrender their own bodies for imgratitude for the priesthood in their

for cigarets. craving representatives of isolated from other

I have here an excerpt from an artithe priesthood during the bombing and cle by Louis Hagen, correspondent for during sickness told of their gratitude the London Sunday Express, who had that they had in their homes the authorreported on conditions in 1946, in Gerity and the power to lay their hands holidays! many particularly. This article is enupon members of their families, and

titled, "How the Cigaret Rules Gerunder the inspiration of heaven invoke many."He states: God's healing power upon them.

sisters, this and is a My brethren blessing. I heard speak them The best Christmas present At times they have become quite maniacal, priceless

back selling their their belongchildren's food, folks the in their that their give of gratitude homes, can you cigarets. ings, to get themselves even and.s a rest of isolated the the Distance while from memyou. is to possibly the length home cannot imagine One of mission, to bers able the they were when minutes to will lack people go tobacco of which who matter Yes, sacred administer the emblems. fast is It far get hunger. smoke. a worse than a aboard step you at did they times not even have when If are don't smoke, hungry you and you

Airliner. or peelpotatoes bread, potato they used Western intensifies feel so tenhungry. But hunger

fold the desire to smoke. Most German ings as the emblem but had the sacrapeople are usually hungry. ment administered to members of their

If anyone thinks that Germany is not yet own household.

punished sufficiently, they might suggest the Oh, my brethren of the priesthood, no withdrawal of all cigarets. That would honor that will ever come to any of

be worse conferred or than any other punishment that us of the world, by men be devised. could

will honorable body, any manmade ever great the in importance approach street corners the stood of some on We to us and blessing honor which came cities areas of in occupied the the and ordained to the Holy day we were for literally fight a cigaret the watched men

Priesthood. is a This Melchizedek into butt flipped American the streets by

blessing, eternal blessing, an soldiers. the priceless stand mothers on We saw that honor and pray and I hope we will little their direct street corners and

daughters down the sidewalks to pick it all the days of our lives.

up cigaret stubs thrown out of jeeps and Wealth, power, position, are as nothother military vehicles and bring ing, by comparison, to the honor and priestblessing the through comes which stood those mothers while back them of that Living the God. hood I know street corners smoked. and the on

of are facing brethren our today many apSaints a Yes, taught the new me polls. responsibilities to the go as we of for the preciation Wisdom. Word

of legisto elected will be them Many also appredeeper a taught They me lative will bodies; others as chosen be for this intangible thing ciation we

in executives municipalities, chief to that as thing to refer a testimony—-this

states. of trust in counties and and provides anchor an women for men

interest honor because of your you trial, stress, of great and Wepositions times during t hardship, yes, a testimony that brings in political affairs, and we have conthat will fidence always you remember of times during rest soul to the even the take can of You peace your political or office that power no which gives that hardship, struggle and and family for along halffare on war to ever will apyou come even may depressed. the weary, to the and hope if Family Plan Western's you in great blessing the proach importance great brings that power testimony Yes, a travel On Tuesday, to Monday, honor which you and came when durof hearts and into the women men

PriestFloly to the ordained were or you Wednesday. hours. darkest their ing

of God. hood Fast, flights deluxe of this peculiarities is of the from one This

I Saints the thank abroad because Latterday great Los to Angeles City, Cedar Saints—people—the to a appreciation deeper gave they me I testimony. saw individual personal, Salt City, Lake Falls, Idaho of for blessings the the temples. holy hearts, their in peacefully happy people Pocatelfo, Falls, Great Edmonsisters, I brothers Sometimes, and my all ruins the amidst standing while ton, cities. intermediate and blessings feel these largely take that we testi- I bear people heard them. around

monies to the goodness of the Lord unto for granted. Sometimes we live almost

them, although they were the sole reunder the eaves, in the shade of the maining member of a once prosperous temple, and fail to take advantage of and happy family, the others all the priceless blessings that are availthis richest of blessings eterof life and spirits their thanked sweet. were They liJIiklk destroyed in the great struggle. Yet able to us in the House of the Lord. The these nity are ordisacred with tied up theirs that the was knowledge God for

and the assurance they had that some nances.

day in the Providence of God they When I heard and saw the yearning AIR LINES would be reunited with their loved in the hearts of the Saints that they

AMERICA'S Oti>ST AliUlNE ones. might some day go to the temple and

I came to know, my brethren and have open to them the richest blessings sisters, through the lives of our Saints known to men and women in this abroad, that men and women who have (Continued on page 944) 942 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CONOMyFORD TRUCK RUM UTAH Report No. 11339

"More miles per gallon... more

power to climb hills,"says Mr.

experience with "I've had Eksund."I run my logging truck for trucks, but none of many makes 99 them cost as little to run as my Ford!"of

Mr. Eksund's F-7 traveled 11,145

miles on its Economy Run. Most of

this was through mountainous country and much of it was off the road, oil for gas, and the total expense ile yet Under 5ami only plus repairs, was maintenance, says Ronald Eksund, Neofa Utah of$536.79.under That's5 centsa athriftymile! running cost

LOWFRICTION Now! Up to 14% more Gas Savings

**?* * i i HIGH COMPRESSION and more Speed Hauling power, too!

New LowFriction design in three Ford Truck engines

OVERHEAD VALVES means more miles per gallon. New directbreathing

Overhead Valves give more efficient fuelfeeding. New

High Compression offers more power on regular gas. Choose

from 5 great engines: new 101-h.p. Cost Clipper Six; Two years of testing show how well the new Ford

LowFriction engines perform under the most severe proved 106-h.p. V-8; proved 112-h.p. Big Six; two new

conditions. They passed scores of 100hour "destruction"

tests. One model alone ran as much as 50,000 Cargo King V-8's developing 145 h.p. and 155 h.p.

dynamometer testhours, over 500,000 vehicle testmiles.

Availabilityis dependentof equipment,on materialaccessoriessupplyandconditions!trim as illustrated

DON'T GUESS! See how little it can cost to

run a truck in your kind of work. See the

cost figures in this 144page book showing results from the 50million-mile Ford Truck FORD TRUCKING COSTS LESS

Economy Run. See it at your Ford Dealer's!... FORD TRUCKS LAST LONGER!

Using latest registration data on 8,069,000 trucks, life insurance experts prove Ford Trucks last longer!

FINALSO MILLIONRESUIISXHE TRUCK FORD SEE YOUR FRIENDLY FORD DEALER ECONOMY \ * RUN A goMe to lower truck

DECEMBER 1952 943 Ezra Taft Benson Continued

world, I got a new appreciation of the ister of her church. She endured hardand sisters, may we appreciate the blessblessings which we have available to ships; she had been in a concentration ings which are ours. May we realize

us in these sacred buildings. I rejoice camp; and after much struggle and efthat all these material things are but

in my heart in the announcement of fort on the part of the members of her a means to an end. We are but stewthe First Presidency that a temple will family here in Zion, and members of ards here in mortality. God will hold

be constructed in Switzerland. It is an Congress from Idaho and Utah, she us accountable for the use of the mateanswer to a prayer of years in my heart finally arrived in Zion. When I saw rial things with which he has blessed

that some day temples might be erected her in a little community up in southus. Let us ever remember that the end

close to those devoted Saints in Europe. eastern Idaho, she expressed, through is spiritual.

I hope and pray that some day temples her daughter, because she could not May we, as individual members of will be built in other parts of the world. speak English, her gratitude for her arthe Church, realize that all of our blessMany of the Saints would give their rival in Zion, and then she added: ings come from above. May we be true

all if they could just enter the House "The American doctors do not give to our covenants. May we live the gosof the Lord and have those sacred ordime much hope that I'll ever be strong pel. May we appreciate the blessings

nances performed. again. I have been starved so long, they of the Word of Wisdom, the priesthood

I remember one lovely old lady, a say."Then her face lighted up and of God, the blessings of the House of the

devoted sister that I met in a meeting she added, "But it doesn't matter, just Lord, and the priceless blessings of a of the Saints way down in Vienna, so long as I get strong enough to go up personal testimony of the divinity of

Austria. She was a little old lady, to Idaho Falls or down to Logan and this work. faithful and true. She had been ostrago through the temple. Then I am

cized by her people, by her community. ready to go."May God bless us to this end, I

She had been thrown into prison be- I am grateful to the Saints for the humbly pray as I add my testimony to caused she failed to bow at the feet of lessons which they taught me while I those borne, in the name of Jesus Christ.

the man who at one time was the minmingled among them. My brethren Amen.

would have them do, and as a result this great leader was unable to perfect his people to behold the face of their

the Priesthood, took Moses, Holy GodBLESSINGS THROUGH FAITHFULNESS God as he attempted to do, therefore Israelites, gospel, the from and and the in the place of the gospel with its great blessings, gave them the carnal code of by Delbert Leon Stapley laws.

The Savior came at the appointed

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE time, and this carnal code of laws given as a schoolmaster to prepare the children of God for his coming, failed in its great purpose. 'y brothers and sisters—I have redesiring to receive instructions and to

joiced in the spiritual messages of keep the commandments of God, and But the Lord established his work, this conference. My faith has sought the great blessings of the priestcalled chosen servants to assist him inMbeen stimulated. I have resolved to be hood, and to be a father of many nathe service of the ministry, and as the

more devoted and more diligent in my tions. Apostle Paul said to the Ephesians,

service to the Master. I do not want And as descendants of this great

apostles; gave he and some some... this afternoon, time be followers we, too, should and leader, to take much

evangelists; and some some and of sayafter righteousness, thought that things I had and shouldthe seek to prophets;pastors teachers; and

ing, I think I shall reserve for some know the mind and will of God in order For the perfecting of the saints, for the future time. that our lives might conform thereto. work of the ministry, for the edifying of

I need the strength of the Lord as I I remember the great devotion of the body of Christ. (Eph. 4:1112.)

talk to you for a few moments, and do Enoch, who labored constantly and solicit an interest in your faith and faithfully to perfect his people that These devoted servants gave their time prayers, my brothers and sisters. they might behold the face of God, and talents willingly to the saving of

This conference has been devoted and enjoy his presence. He labored souls, but apostasy crept in, and the

to a love for and an appreciation of the valiantly as a servant of the Master, great work of the apostles and others in great blessings that the Church affords and while many failed to accept the a measure, was lost. They failed to perto each of us. We have been chalgospel message of salvation, there were fect the people to behold the face of

lenged to devoted service and to live acmany who did, and through obedience their Redeemer.

cording to the standards, the ideals, and to the gospel, they were perfected, and And again in this day, the same offithe teachings of this great Church of were not only permitted to look upon cers are in the Church and kingdom of ours. I also hope we have felt the need of the face of God but were privileged to God, and have the same commission

searching for the blessings of the fathers, dwell in his presence and became so of perfecting the Saints and edifying that those things enjoyed by the ansanctified that the Lord received them the body of Christ.

cients may be restored to us and ento himself. Now, my brothers and sisters, it

joyed by us in this the Dispensation of Moses the great deliverer of the seems to me we do have a great rethe Fulness of Times. Israelites, sought through the Holy sponsibility as members of the Church,

I remember that the progenitor of Priesthood and the gospel of the Refor the Lord has placed upon us the rethe great Israelite family was not satisdeemer to perfect and sanctify the Israelsponsibility of carrying this gospel mesfied with the conditions found in his ites as they wandered in the wilderness, sage to every nation, kindred, tongue, homeland, and said to secure happiness but they would not obey the great law and people. I do not think we can

and peace it was necessary for him to of the gospel. They could not forget accomplish the great purposes the Lord

seek for the blessings of the fathers, and the idolatry and the fleshpots of Egypt; has placed upon us unless we perfect

the right to administer the same. He they sought to worship images and do ourselves and sanctify our souls to enhad been a follower of righteousness, things that were contrary to what God (Continued on page 946)

944 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Our terrible thirst

anxious city planners are sitting up nights biting their Shortly after World War II, General Electric began an

Jl\ pencils over this: educational program to assist communities to estimate

We use 1,100 gallons of water per person a day in the their future needs and plan the equipment needed. This

United States. was a logical step, since the effort was in the field we know

Not even an enemy bomb could stifle the growth of best, the application of electric power.

our communities as effectively as a water shortage. Our Two motion pictures have been prepared by General

homes, our health, our industries, our standard of living Electric in collaboration with the U.S. Public Health

all depend on plenty of cleanj fresh water. Service. "Clean Waters,"a twentyfive-minute picture, has

been shown to almost 2,000,000 people. A new movie,

"Pipeline to the Clouds,"has already had over one thouWhy should there be a shortage when water equal to sand showings.

25 times our need falls from the skies every year?

Today, with the aid of giant electric motors, water is

Unhappily, the rain doesn't always fall where we need pumped hundreds of miles to cities and farms. (Example:

it most. Our reservoirs, many of them, were built with no

The city of Los Angeles is getting most of its needed water expectation that our cities might double or triple in size.

from watersheds 300 miles away.)

Cities have always been understandably reluctant to buy equipment enough to anticipate the needs of people and As for water pollution, cities find the answer in sewageindustries yet unborn. treatment plants, which release rivers, streams, and lakes

Water pollution is no less a cause than population and to their original uses. The nation has over 30 times as

industrial growth. 75% of our communities get their water many such plants as in 1910. The Public Health Service

from lakes and streams. Many of these communities are estimates a third more are needed.

in the position of the Ancient Mariner, with water, water Together, communities and private industry have found everywhere but not a drop to drink—until it has been new water sources, built tunnels and aqueducts. It is hard

treated. to write a definition of the American way. But these

3 handin-hand accomplishments of the American WaterThe picture isn't all black, even though there is no works Association, the U.S. Public Health Service and

quick national solution. Since the problem differs in each industry are a good example.

community, it is being attacked where it has to be attacked, at the community level. NOTE: Interested city committees or city officials who

Any community will act after it has had an emergency. wish showings of the motion pictures mentioned, please

It takes an enlightened community to build before the address correspondence to General Electric Company, pinch. Section 6A, Schenectady 5, N. Y.

t/oa am/w/uout cwymence GENERAL ELECTRIC

DECEMBER 1952 945 Delbert Leon Stapley Continued thehapsgiftswe shalland notendowmentsbestow to theyour childrenhave a right to receive.

joy the inspiration and the direction of power of the priesthood for time and And I know, that in addition to keepthe Holy Ghost, that each of us is enall eternity, that is all that is necesing sacred and holy these ordinances, titled to as baptized and faithful memsary to assure to their children every and being faithful throughout our lives, bers of his kingdom. I believe a bishblessing and benefit it is their right to we must also develop the native talents

op called to preside over a ward, needs expect. God has blessed us with, and they can

to perfect and sanctify himself above I would advocate that every Latterbe developed in the service of this that of his brethren and sisters, otherday Saint young man and woman anChurch, for if men and women will dewise he cannot give the quality of ticipating marriage, go into the temples velop their talents, they have an opleadership required in his ward. of our God and by the authority of the portunity of passing on to their children

I think that same principle holds true priesthood be sealed for time and for these great blessings and gifts of the for a president of a stake, and on up to all eternity. But I would want them, Spirit. And so, when we consider perand including the President of the and I would want all other married fecting ourselves and sanctifying our

Church. I am sure that in our beloved couples expecting children into their souls to behold the face of God and

President we have an individual who homes to remember that they must ever enjoy his presence, we must think of our has well perfected himself, enjoys the be faithful to their covenants. I want children and their children's children.

love of our Creator, and is inspired of them to remember that they must utilize Parents who live righteously and dehim in the great ministry and service their Godgiven gifts, these heavenly velop every natural gift and talent he renders to his fellow men. endowments of the spirit, that each is through service are entitled to choice

My brothers and sisters, we need to blessed with, that when children come, spirits from our Heavenly Father and incorporate into our lives all the rethey may receive all parental gifts and have a greater opportunity to endow fining influences of the gospel of Jesus blessings that they should enjoy, and them richly with their own perfected

Christ. There is much that pertains to have a right to expect being born under qualities and virtues which should asthe gospel we need to know, and that the new and everlasting covenant of sure their children a happy and useful

we need to use for our own benefit and marriage. sisters, brothers and My what

blessing. happiness Now, it is important to us parents to joylife. and as would to us come

Not so long ago I heard a man exremember our responsibility in respect a result of our own righteousness? The

communicated from the Church indict to all of these holy ordinances and covegreatest dividends we could experience the leadership of the Church for their nants entered into in the temples of our would be ours, and these dividends can failure to teach the virtues of life as God. We must keep them sacred, and only come as we honor the holy

the cause of his downfall. Now, I am do nothing to violate the provisions of ordinances and covenants that we have

wondering if as leaders of this people, these covenants, otherwise the blessings entered into. May we do this and be

are we failing to teach the simple virthat are pronounced upon us, and all faithful and true in all our obligations tues of life, that would prevent many blessings are predicated upon our obediand duties I humbly pray in the name of our brothers and sisters from going ence, will not be ours to enjoy and perof Jesus Christ. Amen.

astray and doing things that cause them to fail to receive the great blessings of this Church?

We need to consider the principle of honesty. Our beloved President mentioned it in his talk to the priesthood

last evening. We must be honest and

sincere as a people. We cannot lie

nor cheat in our dealings. We should

not take of advantage our fellow men. Sustaining Our Leaders receive cannot that something We we

have not worked for and earned. As a

people, we need to teach the principle of honesty; it virtue is a that makes for by Clifford E. Young character and Latterday good Saints.

We need to be true. We need to be ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

chaste. We have heard much said

about chastity in the sessions of this conference.

inspiring a has very been will sustain will work, conwe we sisters, brothers Now, and there my Thisference, sisters. brethren sustain and all ourselves. will sustain my thisWe

are other simple virtues many that go to afternoon indicated This that pertains to the we have kingChurch and character. up good make Let us conthat will of our hands by the raise the earth. we have dom of God in We

sider these simple virtues as important sustain that and obligation. perthe men women This God is not just a whom

in the perfecting and sanctifying of our has called in their respective positions functory exercise that we witness every souls, that in obeying these divine prinas leaders in this Church. This means general conference, at stake conferences,

ciples perfect we may ourand sanctify it this as that conference, go from is a enter we solemn service. we but We

selves not only to behold the face little faithful a of will in the disbe into obligation more are an in that we

God, but also to be worthy when he charge of our duties as Latterday Saints. harmony with the work of the Lord. comes the second time—to enjoy his We will be a little more loyal to the We renew our covenant that we will

presence and be with him in the great bishop of the ward where we reside. We keep his commandments, if you will,

ministrations that he has to accomplish will be a little more loyal to the presibecause in keeping his commandments, among the children of men. dent of the stake and those associated we uphold this work, God's work, and

We need also to consider, as parents with him. We will be a little more we sustain all that pertains to it. And

and particularly couples of the age loyal to those who are near and dear so we have witnessed here today a that can expect more children in the to us because they perhaps come first. sacred part of our services, renewing our

home, and also our young people who We will be a little more considerate of faith, and witnessing by our uplifted are anticipating marriage, when they our children, their wellbeing; they need hands that we will sustain those whom

accept the great responsibility of bringour help; they need our counsel; they God has chosen and thus sustain his

ing children into this world they need an understanding heart. work.

cannot take the position that beWe have pledged here today that as I am reminded here of an incident cause they have gone into the temples we sustain this work, and I take it that that may illustrate what I am trying of our God and been sealed by the in sustaining the Authorities that means {Continued on page 948) 946 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA How much is five cubic yards of education?

.rf-;

it another way: In N TERMS of Utah Copper's production, ing for one student. We can put

five cubic yards of education is a day 1951 Utah Copper tax paid the cost of educating and a half of schooling for each student in Utah. 30,542 or more than 20% of the state's average

Here's how we arrive at a cubic yard measuredaily attendance of 147,819 students up to and ment of education: Last year the dippers of the including high school.

giant electric shovels bit into the ore body of the The millions of cubic yards of copper ore mined

Bingham mine 3,879,725 times and scooped out each year mean millions of days of education for an average of five cubic yards each time. Utah's young people, an opportunity to acquire

During the year, Utah Copper paid $5,228,250 the knowledge and training needed for a better life.

in taxes to the state school fund. In other words, Millions of cubic yards of copper ore mean to us

each loaded dipper meant $1.35 in school taxes, and all the benefits that come from large tax payments,

in our state that pays for a day and a half of schoolpayrolls and supply purchases.

UTAH COFFER DIVISION KENNECOTT COPPER CORPORATION "A good neighbor helping to build a better Utah

DECEMBER 1952 947 Moon's herds. President Moon assured

Clifford E. Young Continued his banker that he would do it. And

then he counseled with his family, and to say, and then I will be through, pointments was to attend his stake conit was decided that his boys would for I realize the time is passing rapidly. ference. It was not too long after the give up school and go out to the herd.

herd, visiting found the he in day One of stakes over just depression. our presided getting one wereThere on We of sack table a sheep camp*, on the feet. stake years a very ago Livestock our worthy beginning weresome men

it. about concerned tobacco. was He I hesitate topresident. daylight, to see not need Brother was menand Moon

tion his name. It was President Heber in the livestock business, and he related His boy was camp tender but was then

Moon of the Duchesne Stake. Presithis experience. His bank had said to out with the sheep. He waited until

he said, returned, then and the boy accident, "If will staydent sheep, a tragic him, with with your met you Moon let's horse, saddle another and "Son, lives wife. his lost their cutting to your the expenses quick,he and They we

through an automobile accident on will not let you down; we will try to see ride around the sheep."So the boy

slippery roads as they were coming to you through."It was a time when the saddled another horse, and they rode

were as they the sheep, and aroundSalt Lake City. One of my first apbank owned the major part of President

President range, over the riding along

Moon remarked about the range and the conditions, and then he said: "Son,

I am not so sure but what we would be better off if I sold out."The boy

said: "Why, Father, what's the matter,

is the bank pressing you?""No,"he

replied, "we're making headway and now have some equity, but you boys, "BE YE CLEAN"your welfare mean more to me than all the sheep and range combined."

The son didn't say anything as they by Bruce R. McConkie rode back, but on reaching camp the

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY boy went inside and, taking the lid from the camp range, threw the sack of tobacco in the fire. Then turning to

Just Bethisclean,brief beword:pure, be chaste, for; planAndof whensalvationChristto thesummarizedNephites, thehe hispendfatheron it, heit willsaid:never"Dad,happenyou canagain."deno unclean thing, no impure thing, did it by saying, That boy is now a member of a stake

and no unchaste thing can inherit the presidency.

kingdom of God. And no unclean thing can enter into his There are two lessons here, my

therefore into entereth kingdom; nothing referred brethren was and One to spoke Father and said5 God Adam it his those rest have washed save be who to honor, Brother man's by sisters.Stapley—a

of their blood, because in garments my is of our that part a here pledge and. it that children, unto your all of their repentance faith, the all their and to today, not only a man's himhonor or repent,.. everywhere,teach they can mustmen, sins, faithfulness end. the their unto and self, trust to but those him. And who of for inherit thein nowise kingdom God, is this the Repent, commandment: Now other, to desire the resolve our and there, thing dwell or dwell unclean canno all of the earth ends unto and ye come me

in his presence. (Moses 6:57.) and be baptized in my name, that ye may have an understanding heart with our

be sanctified by the reception of the Holy children and our families. It seems to

The voice of the Lord was given by Ghost, that ye may stand spotless before me that as we covenant here in these

Amulek, saying, me at the last day. (Ill Nephi 27:1920.) sacred exercises, we pledge for a renewal of understanding. We pledge a

inherit thing can the greater desire to serve true to be and to No unclean inherit the unclean thing can... no

ye clean "... of heaven. the every trust, Be business our Church, therefore be kingdom of heaven;kingdom can ye how

saved, except ye inherit the kingdom of that bear the vessels of the Lord."(D. associates and our families. May God

heaven? Therefore, ye cannot be saved in & C. 133:5.) In the name of Jesus help us so to be, I pray in the name of

your sins. (Alma 11:37.) Christ. Amen. Jesus Christ. Amen.

A Time for Looking Forward OFby THERichardFIRST L.COUNCILEvansOF THE SEVENTY

was quite willing, I think truthfully to give comfort and health and peace dent McKay; the earnest invitation this

I can say, even eager, that you to their thoughts and to their souls. morning of President Richards to come

I should be spared this. Before the From the first utterance of the coninto the kingdom, to enjoy its full fruits

meeting began, I gave to President ference, the impressive and satisfying and fellowship; the fervent utterance

McKay all rights I might have to any statement of comfort and encouragement of President Clark yesterday as to the time this afternoon—with the result and caution from President McKay, power and blessed privilege of prayer.

that you see. down to the present, we have been fed And so we might continue.

I should like to say before proceeding, and strengthened. A wonderful sermon I remember Brother Moyle's appeal

that, with you, I have much missed here of summary could be given here, I think, to live in accordance with our opporthe presence and the utterance of Dr. by taking a sentence or a theme from tunities, to serve in accordance with

John A. Widtsoe and Brother Albert E. each of the brethren, and putting them the lot that is ours, each of us; and

Bowen. These men have meant much together, and almost I think it would a sentence from Bishop Wirthlin lingers

in my life, as they have in yours. I be well to do it. I cannot attempt it from last night, and runs through my

pray that the healing, sustaining, fully, but some have lingered indelibly thoughts: that we cannot criticize peostrengthening, peacegiving influence of in my thoughts, beginning with the ple into activity.

our Father in heaven, may be with them message of encouragement from Presi- {Continued on page 950) 948 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA You still buy

gasoline at 1925 prices

if yOU Were to take a sentimental journey back into the midtwenties by thumbing through a stack of old magazines, you'd find the page below in the Saturday Evening Post issue of July 4, 1925. Remember the squaretopped cars of those days... with their flat windshields, wide running

boards, big wooden steering wheels and soft tops?

Remember the prices? Things were a lot cheaper this record. It was made possible by two things: intense

than they are now when almost everything you buy is 'way competition among oil companies and a steadily increasing up in price... except gasoline. <jf Actually, gasoline costs efficiency of production. <fl In the last five years alone,

almost exactly the same today—aside from taxes—as it did Standard has put more than $644,000,000 into facilities

when the beauty above was an exciting new automobile. and another $35,000,000 into technical service and research.

<I And it's far better gasoline, too. Two gallons today do the This investment helps us make certain that gasoline conwork that required three in 1925. <I Few industries can match tinues to be one of the best buys in your family budget.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better

DECEMBER 1952 949 Richard L Evans Continued

It has been a glorious conference, a ance. He knows our desires, our diffisummation of which would be impresculties, our sorrows, our disappointsive and soulsatisfying any place in the ments, our hopes, our objectives, our

world, to any group of men and women, wants and our wishes. And he will

as it has been to us here. help us, if we will take him into our

I should like to make this plea to confidence in our daily lives, if we will all of us: that we do not wait for anadmit him into the counsel of our

other prophet to come to tell us what hearts, and approach him in prayer. He

we already know. I think if we shall will help to sustain us in life against

miss realizing our highest happiness all adversity and difficulty and disapand possibilities and opportunities and pointment, against all uncertainty, Samson progress and peace and development, it against all the evils of the day. In the

Chairs will not be because of what we do not fulfilling of our worthy plans and purFolding know; it will be because of what we igposes and our cherished hopes, he will

nore, for I believe verily that the Lord help us. It is his declared purpose and

God has given us in his plan and purintention to help us to immortality and for?* pose a knowledge of every principle eternal life. It is always comforting

that is essential to our happiness and and sustaining to know that he underSeating salvation and to the realizing of our stands us and that this is his declared highest possibilities here and hereafter. purpose, if we will take him into our

In all that we do, of course, there is confidence and live to merit his comthe element of the human and the dipanionship and direction, with this

America's First vine, a mixture of the two. We are great saving, comforting, sustaining

Choice For—not a perfect people; we are not perfect principle of repentance ever in mind.

Low Cost as individuals, but I hope, and repeat, May God be with each of us and all us. of this Let for be a time Low Upkeep returning that shall not wait for other we prophLife Longer to in those things in him which we for ets or yet to another prophet come

There's a Samson to tell us what we already know, but might have erred or strayed, a time for the values Folding Chair for that endure, act on we shall what and considering we have, Public that For Every calling our families together and teachSeating Needl go forth here from with purrenewed pose and determination to do our best ing them truth, for working and praying according to our opportunities in the and living for the preservation of free place and in the circumstances and with principles, for furthering our Father's the gifts and talents with which we work, with all that we have and all are. for lookLet it be a time we find ourselves, with which the Lord that

Ideal for ing inside ourselves, and searching blessed of us. us, each God has

honestly improving and repenting and where have repentneed we And Churches Schools altering our and they where ways need I ance, plead that shall we Halls repent—asof Lodges Meeting O # altering, strengthening and where them as a nation, a as people, individuals. seathall public or where any they strengthening, need pursuing and

I have mistakes, Where we plead made is essential. further ing them they comfort so purwhere need that shall face facts the we admit and

suing. is It them. for wellnigh impossible a "fr seat Larger, comfortable more let us for not another wait And

is to repent not willing to man who tell to prophet us come n and what we to stand on Strong enough that for admit he has need repentance.

I already all believe with my know—for I shall can't fingers that plead cut hinge seat Safety search our we * own heart, testify to and you, know, and souls, of us, that each shall search we action folding compact, Noiseless * that the principles of salvation and ourselves individually as organized and easily stored eternal progress happiness and peace and entities, as as nation, a a people, as

are Six colors decorator within smart reach, our knowledge and as families, communities, and where we if fail all in realizing that and the we k fold or tip Will not open when for have repentance, need that shall we it for us, Father intends will not be it. not withhold "fr steel Electrically legs tube welded left because in has he us darkness, but

* Chip proof, nonchalking enamel finRepentance should be a very popular because we have ignored something that ish on all metal parts principle. It has not always been so. was within the sphere of our underProphets ridihave stoned been and standing our reach. within and steel cross Specially tubular arched W

for rejected culed proclaiming and the rigidity all braces of our Father for extra us, be with May it. it is for need But the great, one in decisions, our families. our with May Electrically steel seat tube welded X is peacegiving principle that to open be he with people young you with screws Frame throughout used no—

is It erred. has him the principle who all your problems, in that and you

"A"Steel glides furniture with replaceis that all to of it open us that makes face; President with his and McKay able feet rubber newtype to possible improve. all counselors, associated and with them

Padded, cushioncomfort spring seat And over and over again I am comin the farreaching decisions and

A"Concave, formfitting, upholstered forted with this great, sustaining, weighty problems that pertain to the back rest strengthening thought, and I leave it Church officially; and with each of us,

"* All metal parts rustproofed by "bonwith our young people, and with all of and all of us in our personal lives, derizing process"us, for such consideration as it may that his peace may go forth from here merit: Our Father in heaven knows us; with us, with his guiding, directing,

he knows our hearts; he knows our sustaining influence, that we may carry

thoughts. He understands us and loves back to our homes, back to our wards,

us as his children, as we love our own back to our businesses and our varied ZCMI children but with his infinitely greater places of activity and acquaintance and

SCHOOL and OFFICE capacity and wisdom and understandassociation a greater determination to ing. life the knows live motives to the best which He ability of move our and SUPPL to us fail do the things to or in accordance great the we do with knowledge

ST. 57 SO. STATE SALT LAKE CITY do. influences the knows has us, given He by which which been I pray in unto

3-1575 Phone Ext. 442 - are sometimes of swayed. we the underthe Christ. Lord Jesus He name

stands our missing a perfect performAmen.

950 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

OUTSTAHDING

WAKES THE WHAT

.liiiliSS

picturepacked

More pictures tell the day's happenings better... and the

Deseret News and Telegram is a picture newspaper. Acme Telephoto

supplements a large local photography staff in bringing the finest in pictorial coverage to readers.

excellent coverage of the west

Over 200 correspondents stationed throughout a fourstate area channel news into the Deseret News and Telegram daily. This is

one of the largest regional reporting forces in the nation..

and one of the finest.

THE Drew Pearson FEATURES Drew MerryGo-Round"Pearson and his "Washingtonget around first to the big news in the YOU FAVOR rightnation'son thecapital.inside ofYou'reeverythingsilting

when you read Drew Pearson his Turn to everyday.

column now. ARE NOW

IN THE daily GREATER children's story Take time out to read your youngsters the exclusive "Children's Story,"which appears every day in the Deseret News and Telegram.

It's written Harmer, by Mabel %&lt aJ&e peXjexjram writer. local outstanding an

DECEMBER 1952 951 We are grateful for the flowers from kind hearts that were prompted to place these silent messengers of love here for Closing Address your pleasure and your inspiration. We

thank the ushers who have been so attentive, careful, who have kept these by President David O. McKay grounds so clean and neat, and in that

respect we thank everyone of you for your assistance and care.

stations to are grateful the radio We of closing Authorities the eral the hour of near want draw we Church—I their service gratuitous in enabling inspirational this conference, that great to understand not unfor them I amAs the to hear thousands and thousands

, I willingness of to say in of their the words minimindful think can we

Peter on the Mount of Transfiguration, mize my weaknesses which often stand messages of the General Authorities of "Lord, it is good for us to be here."out so glaringly, and of their magthe Church.

I believe conscientiously nearly every nanimity in magnifying any virtue they Now, in conclusion, may I venture a the consuggestion. during Twice, loyal see. seeking men, They are vast might the with person has assembled who

the ference, reference to has been made righthis first the and kingdom of God Relief the beginning audiences with

Society last Wednesday to this moment eousness. Thank you, noble fellow fact that we are approaching a general

election, in becomes high; which tension workers her heart feel or in his a gratitudemay

often feelings are engendered; sometimes held. that conferences for the have been We thankI the members of the Church

false reports are made; and innocent prayers in their sustaining for behalf this prayer feeling in can express We are misjudged. Authorities of the of the people General gratitude. have At we this moment and

a prayer in our hearts that the Lord Church. You may know, we wish you Recently we heard that in one meetwill bless those of our number who are to know, that these prayers are effective, ing, for example, it was stated authoritatively that members two by somebody testify to to the you, to and I wish healailing. comfort pray that and We said that Authorities of the General had inthat to the world the Church, and brother, our beloved attend ing may

of Authorities the General the Church care of protecting a kind and E. a strengthAlbert he spiration Bowen. What

decided a meeting held and had had closer are real. in Father heaven He is personally! Brother has been to me

political of leading favor the to one outside anybody than Church are to toBowen, you know I want we state, parties over other, here in this the within the the some loyalty of your your theChurch—and andnot unmindful hours and hours of devotion to the Church—realize. particularly.

special assignment given you during The Lord is not just an absent, farIn Utah and surrounding states, conthe last two years. Today one heart, away source. He is a kind father, tests for victory at the polls are being

throughout the Church, says, "God bless solicitous of the welfare of his children waged on national party lines. Regardyou."and ready and willing to hear and aning reports already received that the

Brother Widtsoe, our prayers go to swer their call. The answer may be General Authorities of the Church have

you, also. Your loyalty and faith we all negative, as sometimes a wise parent held a meeting and decided to wield

know. Now, as your body is somewhat gives a negative answer to the pleadtheir influence in favor of the candiweakened, we unitedly pray our Father ings of a child, but he is ever ready dates of one of these political parties,

in heaven to sustain you. to hear and to answer. we will say:

Our hearts go out to those in the His Beloved Son stands at the head This report is not true, and I take this

Church who are grieving and worried of this Church. It is his Church. Oh, opportunity here, publicly, to denounce

because of sore affliction to their loved may the world realize that in the very such a report as without foundation in ones, and to those who have recently near future, open their minds to study fact.

see world, of wartorn the and the needs ones, particularly of bereft loved been are there the In members Church, supplied those needs be that may I polio. lpok over thosethrough As party. favor There the Democratic by who reof principles to the the obedience appreciation,to express should we whom sincerely are beother members who of vealed God! word I notice of the Brother absence Roy principles lieve the and advocate and

Darley, one of our organists. He and This is Christ's Church. God help ideals of the Republican party. The

his wife are at the bedside of their only us all that we may be faithful members First Presidency, the Council of the son, stricken with polio. Our prayers therein, and so live that others, seeing Twelve, and other officers who constigo out to them, and to President Clark our good deeds, may be led to glorify tute the General Authorities of the

and his daughter. President Clark's our Father in heaven. Church, preside over members of both

little granddaughter, Luacine, has been We wish to express appreciation political parties.

affliction.suffering that from same choir. glorious the work to a What

is the of President President The is are doare recovering. she thankful that these and women menWe this election favoring in not Church, little abileffort child appreciate the ing! parents the and want whose WefaithfulWe either of political party. welfare The last organists, of the conductors, the ity stricken necessitating the evening,was

is all of the equally members Church for their of choir, father's officers the called thethe out work being from his considered President, the by Counfor their regular conferences, topriesthood meeting, our at that the and know selors, Authorities. the and Generalprayers broadcasts. disease are that that dread may

political parties treated Both will be fatal one.not to loved be your excellent for grateful the are We impartially.

That goes to all parents whose hearts weather we have enjoyed, unexcelled in are filled with anxiety because of afall the world, grateful for the responThe Deseret News is the organ of the flicted ones. This is a prayerful Church. siveness of the audience to the messages Church. It will be equally fair and

We are one body, and when one suffers, that have been given, grateful for your impartial in the treatment of both we all, to a degree, share that suffering. cooperation, your ready adherence to political parties. This does not mean,

I wish to express appreciation for the any suggestion that will be helpful to however, that error will be condoned.

sustaining help of these noble counthe Church or to others. Teachings and ideologies subversive to

principles this of great the fundamental selors, all assisted in President appreciate Richards any Stephen who L We are Republic, to contrary the which this conference, the Clark, coPresident Jr. duringand Reuben No way of the Constitution States, or United officials, city of rendering the operation been make J.noman—I exception—has are to progress detrimental the which traffic service, efficient wisstrength blessed the the andmore ready with and

of of the of LatterJesus Christ Church crossings, at officers of loyalty devotion, the stood coundom, have and two who

Saints, will be day condemned, whether I, selors I safety, express the well your have guarded in than and and who advocated or Republicans by Democrats. lives, loyalty. for their ofpresence gratitude the perhaps deep might some who

Likewise to the members of the Counhave otherwise been injured, who might We are all united in admonishing cil of the Twelve and to the other Genhave placed their lives in jeopardy. the members of the Church to register.

952 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA We confirm the admonition already given from this pulpit regarding that important duty. We advocate the necessity of all members of the Church showing appreciation of your franchise, your

citizenship, by voting, exercising your right to say who shall be your leaders.

They become our servants. That is the

spirit of the Constitution.

You hold the right—I hope we still

this shall direct sayhave who it—to "color harmonics"direct our affairs shallnation and who

municipality. state, and county,in

surrounding with this our in Utah andEverybody states where our people are influential should exercise this right.

Now in conclusion, my brethren, I should like to say just a word to the priesthood of the Church, eighteen thousand of whom gathered here last evening. Let us all follow the example

of our great Leader and Savior, Jesus

Christ, when he sat with his Twelve in that upper room and taught them the lesson of humility. He walked to the doorway where a basin of water S

stood, covered by a palm leaf, according to the custom of the day, girt himself with a towel as a servant, and disciples'the washed feet, and wiped A new classic from the Jantzen towel. the them with

You will remember that when he family that she'll love to mixmatch- came to Peter, the chief Apostle problend with skirts the fabulous Color tested: "Thou shalt never wash my Harmonics way. It's styled with

feet."ladylike details in cashmere-

"If I wash not thy feet thou shalt have neither part nor parcel with me."like, washable Kaharafleece.

"Nay then,"said impetuous Peter, "Not my feet only, but my hands and my head"(see John 13:8-9), and then ZCMI SPORTSW EAR—$g

after the Savior completed that ceremony, he ungirt himself, took his place at the head, and said: Second Floor

"Ye call me Master and Lord: and

ye say well; for so I am.

"If I then, your Lord and Master, have washed your feet, ye also ought to wash one another's feet.

"For I have given you an example, that ye should do as I have done to you."(Idem 1315.)

In the 121st section of the Doctrine and Covenants, we have one of the greatest lessons in government ever given. I, as you, have studied pedagogy,

a little psychology, but in principles of government I think you cannot find anywhere such sublime principles as follows: "That the rights of the priesthood are inseparably connected with the powers of heaven, and that the powers of heaven cannot be controlled nor handled only upon the principles of righteousness.

"That they may be conferred upon us, it is true; but when we undertake

to cover our sins, or to gratify our pride, our vain ambition, or to exercise control or dominion or compulsion upon the souls of the children of men, in any degree of unrighteousness, behold, the heavens withdraw themselves; the Spirit

of the Lord is grieved; and when it is MAIL ORDERS TO:

withdrawn, Amen to the priesthood or MARGOT MANNERS, ZCMI the authority of that man."(D. & C. Enclose 15$ postage,

121:3637.) Utah residents add 2% sales tax

(Continued on following page) I

DECEMBER 1952 953 President David 0. McKay

Continued "We have learned by sad experience that it is the nature and disposition of almost all men, as soon as they get a little authority, as they suppose, they will immediately begin to exercise unrighteous dominion.

"Hence many are called, but feware chosen.

"No power or influence can or ought to be maintained by virtue of the priesthood, only by persuasion, by longsuffering, by gentleness and meekness, and by love unfeigned;

"By kindness, and pure knowledge, which shall greatly enlarge the soul without hypocrisy, and without guile "Reproving betimes with sharpness,—notwhen movedwhen movedupon byuponthe byHolyselfishness,Ghost"retaliation, or enmity—"and then showing forth afterwards an increase of love

toward him whom thou hast reproved, lest he esteem thee to be his enemy;

"That he may know that thy faithfulness is stronger than the cords of death."(D. & C. 121:3944.)

And to all, we close with this: "Let

thy bowels also be full of charity toward all men, and to the household of faith, and let virtue garnish thy thoughts unceasingly; then shall thy

confidence wax strong in the presence of God; and the doctrine of the priesthood shall distil upon thy soul as the

dews from heaven.

"The Holy Ghost shall be thy constant companion, and thy scepter an unchanging scepter of righteousness and:

truth; and thy dominion shall be an.

everlasting dominion, and without compulsory means it shall flow unto thee forever and ever."(Idem 4546.)

O Father, grant that we may magnify these high ideals of government and instil in our hearts and the hearts of those over whom we preside a love and confidence in thee and thy Beloved Son.

In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

The New Song (Continued from page 897) She gazed at the light coming of 11 n through the rolling clouds. Light

the World, she thought, and searched BURNED OUT for help. When she tried to conjure

REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY in her sight the Sky People, the clouds shifted and moved, and for a

A fire may mean you are out of a place to live, moment she saw Him as she had seen with tremendous added expense before you find him in the pictures at school and in another. the church of the Biligahnis, with

Let us explain your need for ample insurance his hands out in healing for Dineh, to cover today's higher values. The People.

Only a moment and the vision was gone, but in that moment she knew UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City that the sky god of Dineh and the

fair god of the Biligahnis were one (Continued on page 956) 954 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA DECEMBER 1952 955 end should come. If that should

The New Song happen, his name would be stricken

they must try not even to reElectric and the(Continuedsame. Shefrom prayedpage 954)to Him fromand their tongues, for fear of evil,

as she had heard the Dunns pray, member his dreams, his hair falling for healing for her little brother. before his black eyes, and his small

valiantly behind the WATER Her mother was still watching feet running when she came back to the hogan. sheep.

Azahni Yahze watched with her unIn the silence they heard Straight til she could stand no longer to look Man's truck coming over the frozen

Little Brother's dying face. She road to Gray Hills. Blue Horse and Is Thrifty! on

searched her mother's eyes and found Skipping Rock went to meet him, and only the bitterness of despair. Her soon Little Woman looked up to see

father and Skipping Rock stood by, standing in the door of the hogan ready to take him quickly out if the (Continued on page 958)

(cN\9v2s9s3v3V>X3\?\?'Osi

\e OP5 t mat Louid Afcappen PP

Richard L. Evans

Perhaps few if any of us escape our days of depression and the feeling of being down and discouraged. Fear and

gnawing worry and depression of spirit are among the most common and most uncomfortable of ailments, sometimes induced by serious personal problems, sometimes by causes partly imagined, and sometimes by the whole outlook of events. To you who are so beset, to you who fear the future

indeed to all of us—a line from Walt Whitman suggests1

Water heating itself: "The future is no more uncertain than the present."

For our present purpose, suppose we presume that the worst electrically is we fear were actually going to happen. Suppose that civilization as we know it, were surely doomed. Suppose that all

entirely automatic men and all moral and material values were going to be wiped away. Suppose that all these fearful suppositions were

—and is so true! Even if they were, what could we possibly lose by

building for the future? And what could we gain by giving

dependable, too! up in dark despondency? Now mind you, it is not to be conceded that the uncertainties we fear will certainly befall

us. But suppose they would. Suppose a year from now, a

decade from now, a generation from now, all would be over.

Utah Power & Light Co. Suppose all this were true. Yet wouldn't we be better off

by living as if life were going on? Even if the worst were

true, what could we gain by living as if there weren't going to be a future? And what could we lose by living as if there

were? Life without faith in the future would be all but

meaningless. There has always been a future—and there

are providential purposes that prevail, despite the foolishness of men and the forces they set in motion. Anyone who has

any regard for his own future and for the future of his aasattaa family will fight against the false feeling that there isn't

PIRES PEAR goingOn everyto befronta futurewe mustworthfightlivingfearforandor worthdark despondency.working for.

fight and working faith with an earnest them of mountains.* faith that is the mover FLOUR Wethe kindmustof

With FOUR * Revised.

Extra Baking iWalt Whitman, "Song of the BroadAx."

Advantages SQUARE 2)poht FROM TEMPLE WoJ'Jhe

BROADCASTING THE COLUMBIA OVER KSL AND SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS PRESENTED 425 West 5th South SYSTEM, SEPTEMBER 28, 1952

Salt Lake City, Utah Copyright, 1952

956 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA More. than a tractor*,

Now you can be in the field quicker, and home earlier, with a greater it's a new Chalmers feelingWD isof harnessedaccomplishment.in seven worksavingEngine powerwaysof.the.. Allismore

than in any other farm tractor. WORKSAVING Seven ways, it lightens your farming load.

way of farming Engine power does it all:

1. Spaces drive wheels. 2. Boosts traction automatically. 3.

Lifts and controls mounted implements. 4. Powers harvesting

machines stopor-go with TwoClutch Control. 5. Controls pulled implements hydraulically. 6. Drives beltpowered machines.

7. Gives you 3-plow pull, with 35.80 engine horsepower.

Take the word of powerwise farmers who know. The WD actually

does the work of heavier tractors... saves time, fuel and effort

at every turn.

Jobs melt away with this sevenway worksaver. It takes the

armwork out of farmwork!

do it with Engine Power POWER SHIFT DRIVE TRACTION BOOSTER TWOCLUTCH CONTROL

WHEELS change wheel automatically adds Hand clutch stops tracspacing instantly for weight on drive wheels tor without interrupting every tool and row to increase traction. power flow to PTO.

width. Faster hitching! Permits mounted hyLike having an extra

Easier plowing! Higher draulic implements to engine! Foot clutch

yields! hold level depth. stops power instantly.

IMPORTANT NEW FEATURES—4-speed helical gear transmission, with a lower low and higher high! Speeds are PLUSTRACTOR DIVISIONCHALMERS MILWAUKEE 1. U. $. A*2yz, 3.5, 4M, and 10M mph. Quieter! Smoother! Longer

wearing! New easierriding hydraulic seat.

DECEMBER 1952 957 The New Song

(Continued from page 956) Mother and Father Dunn. They were

laden with blankets and food, and they had come with gifts.

"We couldn't let Christmas pass without seeing you, Linnet,"they told her. "We came only to see you, to

bring your gifts, and not to coax you STARTS back to us."

"You have been sent by Him to help Little Brother,"she said, leading them to his pelt, where they lookedANYTIME on him with pity and concern.

"Perhaps it is too late,"said Father

Dunn. "We must get him to the

qj8!$$#&f hospital very fast."

"Our car is at the trading post,"said Mother Dunn. "If we can take

him quickly, maybe the medicine will save him."Little Woman translated excitedly, urgently. "Take him,"Sews Good told them.

"Our gods have failed us."

In no time at all Little BrotherWITH UTOCO 6ASQUNE was wrapped warmly in blankets and of across lying the knees Sews was.Now Seasonized for Winter Straight and Good, Dunn, Mother

of in the truck, while the cab Man Let's Go—with Utoco in coldest weather. Horse, Blue and Azahni Father Dunn, Let's Go—with fullpowered, instant starting were wrapped against the cold in

action. the back. There was a sharp stab

of pain in Azahni's chest as they Let's Go—for long, smooth miles with longlooked back on Skipping Rock, standlasting Utoco. ing defiant in the road as they drove

On coldest days, Utoco Gasoline makes warm off.

"Bring with summer you next him friends by its fast response. /A

beets, in the you to work come when

Blue Horse,"Father Dunn said.

that of take can some "Maybe we let'* SI... of Horse Blue but him,"anger out

did not understand, and it was good. ("Toco with UTOCO! At the trading post Father Dunn

called upon a nearby chamber of in a telephone, and commerce by in the UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY short plane settled while a gravel outside, took off again immediately with Little Brother and

Father Dunn, Azahni explaining all things to Blue Horse and Sews Good.

The three of them rode with Mother

Dunn in the car the many hours of distance. Fear rode with them that

Little Brother might not live. Mother

Dunn drove expertly, and her face was grim. When they got on the

Sevier, she drove straight to the hospital, past the familiar streets and houses, past the windows with lighted trees and the gaiety of the Christmas season, and heeded them not.

958 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Little Brother was still living but was in the oxygen tent, and the brisk and silent nurses cared for him asthey had cared for Azahni, bringing KJSM frO$} him treatments and hypodermics. It

was two more days thus before they could say with safety that he would live, and before he smiled thinly at his sister and his parents. For the

most part of those days Blue Horse had sat on the hospital steps, his blanket and the black hat above his braids colorful against their whiteness.

Sews Good had overcome her shyness at the gleaming walls and stayed near Little Brother, only leaving to go home to the Dunns.

"The doctor says he will get well,"

Father Dunn told them at last. "But

he can't go home until it is summer.

He can live with us and go to school."

Little Woman translated all this to her parents, and Little Brother smiled again. "I shall learn of dams,"he whispered.

"I do not wish to be a traitor, and

I love you much,"Azahni told them.

"But I should like to stay also and learn of nursing. When Little Brother

and I know these things, we can come again among you with much good in our hands."

Sews Good sadly shook her head.

"The old ways are dying ways among our people. The young ones must

learn a different way of the Biligahnis. That other one, Skipping Rock, $179>95

he must learn, too, and next summer

I shall bring him."PAY ONLY $10 DOWN Nothing like it for a real

Blue Horse said nothing at all, $10 A MONTH sewing job!

partly of his because shyness and cJhe Uaeal Christmas (ift ofor (Tier itpartly because his was way, and no one could tell by his stone features YOUR what were the thoughts behind his NEW eyes. Nevertheless, it would be as HOME DRIVE OUT * SAVEI >/ ( HOME

the woman said. STORE 2144 HIGHLAND DRIVE DIAL 84434J STORE

Sews Good looked at her chilSALT LAKE CITY. UTAH

dren long, and the love on her face ached along the pathways of Azahni's heart. There was a blue sheen of

pain over the blackness of her eyes,

ZZZZZZZEZZ&Z2 but her head was lifted. Although

she knew not of Jesus the Christ, there was his look of selflessness upon her face. "Take my papooses,"she told Father Dunn. "They are yours."

(The end)

DECEMBER 1952 959.

On the BOOKRACK

Arts, Salt Lake City, Utah. Your Dream THE(RecordingANGELIC CHOIR RECORD

residents.) Kitchen... $1.16,2% salesplustax30forcentsUtahpacking charge, and

TThe Angelic Choir record recording the 2000 voice youth choir which sang at June conference under the direction of Crawford Gates, with Jessie

Evans Smith singing the solo part, and

Roy M. Darley at the Tabernacle Organ, is now available. Those who were

privileged to attend the Music Festival know the rare beauty of this rendition and have requested it be made into a record. It is indeed an unusually beautiful recording and will be a welcome

addition to every library of records. The

reverse side is a solo by Jessie Evans

Smith of the everfavorite song, "That

Sweet Story of Old."—M. C. /.

THE STORY OF OUR CHURCH FOR YOUNG LATTERDAY SAINTS CAMERA $7.20

(Emma Marr Petersen. Bookcraft, Salt FLASHOLDER 3.39

Lake City. 311 pages. 1952. $3.00.) Prices inc. Fed. Tax

TThis is the third useful book for young that Emma Marr Petersen NOW so easy people has presented. It is divided into 103 PHOTO to build! readable, understandable "stories"that CO. MATERIALS

So Temple Ph.3-1404 Don't—havewaitit NOWfor yourwithdreamCurtiskitchensecsimplypoints ofandChurcheffectivelyhistoryportrayand thethat highun- 2 7 West

cabinets. tional These wall wood

size cabinets fit any or forgettably teach many important prinSALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. and floor

shape of kitchen. You get extra ciples. Emma Marr Petersen is a disadvantages—roomy drawers, criminating student and writer who

spacesaving construction. All

Curtis units come prime coated in weighs her words well, keeps them white and may be decorated as within the reach of the young reader,

Curtis cabinets desired. are availand breathes into them the breath of delivery. immediate ableJor life. She is to be congratulated for Build

what she has here done ably and earnto their estly parents teach in helping with..

fathers. their of children of the faith

—R. L. E.

"AS UNTO THE BOW..."

(Continued from page 899) and consternation, she beheld little

This snack bar is just one of the Peter sitting in the ditch where the

Curtis many units. Drop in and dam had been. His sturdy little information. get complete

shoulders and compact body were 1866 serving very nicely in its place. iff and other

building ran to =:- she Sanie down, Putting CURTlS materials out, she hugged Pulling him WOO DWORK Peter.

him to her breast, and with tears running down her cheeks, said, "Oh,

AT YOUR LOCAL ButPeter,thewhatwatera goodwaslittlegettingboy youdeeper;are. Buehner Block Co.

yourself; Accessories Blocks Buehner and drowned have might LUMBER DEALER you Salt Lake City Temple South West—done? 2800 I have would what and then

You're the only little man I've got to help me, with Papa gone away -MERRILL & CO. MORRISON on his mission. Promise me you'll Distributors Building Material

in the ditch yourself never wedge UTAH. SALT LAKE CITY, WEST 205 NO. 3rd Otto Buehner & Co. again,"adshe fearfully like that Mosai ENO, NEVADA FALIS, IDAHO BOISE, POCAT6LLO,—Cast Stone—Marble TWIN

monished the boy. 640 Wilmington Ave.—Salt Lake City

960 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The grain in all the other fields, being planted earlier, came up fresh Before you buy, find out why and green. Sara looking at her

patch saw that not a spear of greenwas yet in sight. Her anxiety for HAMMOND ORGAN

the success of her crop was great is chosen by most Churches, after since there would be a severe shortcomparing all instruments.

age of food for the family if it failed to come up. For a small monetary inThe following day a great calamity vestment, YOUR Church

struck the little community! The cangan havefor CHRISTMAS.a Hammond LookOrgrasshoppers in countless numbers for these points of superiorwere upon them! They came in great ity which the HAMMOND

hordes, large, black, devouring scavORGAN offers:

engers. The Saints came in alarm

and fear and sought to drive them # Ease of Installation off with flaming sacks and shovels. A Full Range of HunThey remembered the earlier plague dreds of Rich, True

in Salt Lake City of the crickets and Church Tones the miraculous deliverance by the sea gulls. The horde passed on, Ease of Playing

hopping and jumping in their elusive Low Cost Maintenglee, greedily consuming every green ance, NO TUNING Respear in sight. quired

When it was over and the hoppers had gone on, the Saints stood about in dejected silence with all their work for naught. There was no more

wheat for seed, and the visions of the empty flour bins for the coming winter loomed in everybody's mind and filled them with dread.

A week passed, and the lateplanted wheat in Sara's patch began sprouting. green CLUB spears of BEEHIVE Book BOOK The appeared

Utah Lake City, Testifies P. O. Box CLIP THIS TheMormon

of the surfaceabove C.O.D the ground. The 151, CASHSalt

Tax) (Include State U.S.A."gloom and despair of the community COUPON In A Sunlit Land O "50c additional outside continental

Gentlemen: alleviatedwas somewhat. Here send was And now free two send Please me absolutely

Ancient America first withone little checked below mythe crop books for spared that had been your and The coupon. of the left at indicated Book of selectiongift

by the hand of Providence. They Mormon It is understood that I will receive a FREE

sefour additional for each Book Bonusthat if raised Saraknew I a good that understand also lections

Essentials crop, 2 at any time. membershipI drop in can I mybuy. it. all benefitthey would by History FREE Church

The little crop was tended with BOOKS ADDRESSNAME loving solicitude all that summer, A Special CITY, ZONE, STATE and when harvest time came around, introductory THE TWO GIFT BOOKS I WANT:

the men helped Sara harvest her offer to the Old Testament Bible Stories Q The Seventy's Course in Theology wheat. When it was threshed, there Gospel Themes Brigham Young the Colonizer

were forty bushels of wheat, which she divided with the settlers. It

was their salvation, for by careful, frugal managing it fed the little settlement all winter. They called this U

wheat "salvation wheat,"and, when

it almost gone, Sara was in put some Start your club. L.D.S. literature this There join to exclusive nothing It costs youa bottle to her show husband. for the fees. books only or you dues are membership pay no You with membership

.. price. for fixed enroll term. you no at publisher's You want perils the Of all hardship inand at time. your any membershiplist drop may outstanding these

life, tocident pioneer the greatest you'll will enjoy L.D.S. literature of wide, and choice be Your the Books best the of review brief but of receiving complete advantage ato fear of Sara her Indians, the was

their public. the release general before or Church on books new The Book of Mormon club's four editors the review left books Each of the books—twoto new month being dreadand alone at

nights. She qpuld, and did, tackle andliterature.two previouslyThese comprehensivepublished editionsmonthlyof majorreviewspublisherswill beof mailedL.D.S. Testifies $ 3.00

Land. After form. with reading return to you order them, your an In A Sunlit homeany and all problems with courage indicated. the with additional order your form 3.00

selections four FREE. a valuable buy, you you eachBOOK we selectionsend BONUSFor in theand fearlessness daytime, but America Ancient and

when night came, she was afraid Whyanyway?not buyIt's frommore theconvenient,club the it'smonthlyquickerselectionsand it's youmoneywouldsaving.buy The Book of Mormon.. 4.00

and lonely, and the dread of the Too, you'll get the books that you are most eager to own. Essentials in Church

(Continued on following page) History. 4.00

DECEMBER 1952 961 on a little errand, the two boys de- "AS UNTO THE BOW..."cided to help him sow the wheat.

Accordingly, they both took a hatful (Continued from preceding page) had received food and help from of the seed from the sack and sowed savage red men stalked her dreams. the settlers, aided the white men it in thick, unhelpful patches. When

Her fears were realized when their in running this renegade band out of Brother Gates came back and beheld cries rent the air one peaceful afterthe vicinity. the havoc wrought by the lads, he

noon, and the settlers knew that, When wheat planting time came grieved.

once again, the Indians were on the around again, Brother Gates offered The boys were chagrined and very warpath. to help Sara with her sowing. When sorrowful that their efforts at helpThe alarm was sounded, and all the ground was ready to receive the ing had turned out so badly. It took

the men, women, and children scurseed, Brother Gates took the precious hours of backbending labor to gather ried to the fort and barricaded themwheat and sowed it. up the precious grain and replant

selves for protection. It turned out Little Peter and his friend, Joe it.

that the hostilities were perpetrated Goates, watching the process were Word reached the little community by a renegade band, and the Indians very interested, and when Brother that more settlers were coming to living in the immediate vicinity, who Gates had to leave for a few minutes Lehi. En route, these new settlers

had encountered the same band of renegade Indians that had been driven from the vicinity of Lehi.

This band had vented their wrath upon these hapless travelers; burning,

killing, and plundering in wild savagery. in Of the survivors that remained i there was a family of seven children, community orphaned by the savage onslaught.

The men from Lehi helped the surservice...

vivors to Lehi. As they drove up,

the settlers gathered around to administer to their needs.

When she saw the orphans, who Formal recognition or The Salt Lake were standing off to the side in mute,

Tribune as the American news* stunned silence and fear, Sara went paper performing the greatest proover to them, put her arms around gram of Community Service is them and said, "How are you fine an accolade that this newspaper boys and girls? My name is Sara

proudly cherishes... The award Peterson, and this is my little boy

like to come came from the Inland Daily Peter. How would you

over to my house and have something

Press Assn. at its Chicago convento eat?"

tion... It was the only presenThe oldest boy, who was twelve

tation made for Community Service. years of age, replied that they would

Fitting reason for The Tribune like to come very much.

to be justly proud of its role as... The little group went into Sara's

house where she soon had the children talking and enjoying the meal fck, * the tie that binds that she had prepared for them.

While they were eating, she slipped the intermounfain west back to the men gathered around the rescue party. Going up to Bishop

Evans, she said, "Brother Evans, if it is all right with you, I'll keep those seven orphans with me."

"Why, Sister Sara, that would be too much for you. You have your

hands full enough with Canute gone and all.""No, Brother Evans, I can manage them; they're so strange and have

gone through such a harrowing experience in losing their parents, they need a feeling of security."THE SALT LAKE TRIBUNE

ONE OF AMERICA'S GREAT NEWSPAPERS hers,SmilingBishopand Evansplacingreplied,his hand"Sara,on 962 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA your heart is too big for your own look the way you expected your ents, and * so I've adopted them.

good. But if that's what you desire, father to look?"Aren't they fine children?"

keep them awhile, and if it becomes "Oh, yes, Papa,"she replied, "only "Well, they certainly appear to be too hard, we will make other arprettier; you're much prettier."fine children, and what a rustler

rangements. God bless you, my good He laughed, and clasped her you are to be able to scare up such

woman."tighter. After putting her down, he a family all by yourself."

Sara was now busier than ever. asked who the other children were. "Oh, by the way,"Canute said,

Seven extra mouths to feed was a "They're mine, Canute,"Sara an- "I have some people with me; we

mammoth task. But all the children swered calmly and proceeded to intromust all take in a few Saints until they

were good to help, and soon learned duce each one to the astonished Canget settled."Then going to his

to love the kind, loving Sara. The ute. wagon, and to the few other wagons

little house closely resembled the "Yours, did you say? My dear that were following, he invited them

old woman who lived in a shoe, but Sack, did you say they were yours?"all to meet his wife and family.

they managed, and everyone was kept "Yes, Canute, they lost their par- (To be continued) busy and happy.

Finally, word was received that

Canute was on his way home bringing with him a company of four hundred Norwegian converts. Here's the Latest.,,

After this company had finished the long, tedious ocean trip, during which sickness and death had stalked the decks necessitating burial at sea of thirty of their number, they finally arrived at New York City, and traveled by rail to Illinois where the preparations for the long trek across the plains began. It took several

weeks to get wagons, teams, equipment, and foodstuffs ready for the overland journey. Covered wagons,

handcarts, and any available conveyance were pressed into service.

Many traveled on foot. The women

walked along carrying babies and small children in their arms, their long skirts catching on the sagebrushand roadside weeds. TONIC for OUR TIMES

After many months of grief and Volume Five of "The Spoken Word"Series travel, the company reached the valley, helped on the last lap of the jour- L. EVANSney by fresh teams and provisions BY RICHARD

from the valley. They arrived in For a jaded and distraught world these writings are genSalt Lake City on September 13, five uine spiritual refreshment. They call us away from supermonths after leaving Norway. ficialities and selfdeceiving platitudes and practices to the

The bulk of the company remained timeless practical wisdom inherent in sound religious and in Salt Lake City until they were moral teaching. Whether taken in at a daily rate or in

rested from their journeys and were one draught they will prove a potent aid to understanding and better living. $2.50. called to other settlements. The rest

went immediately to Lehi.

When Canute drove up in front of his home, Sara and all nine children ran out to meet him. iteseret illi Booh to.

He fondly embraced Sara. Then, 44 Fast South Temple - Salt Lake City. Utah

looking about him, he spied Peter

Please send the following books: closest to him. He immediately put

his arms around his son, amazed at Enclosed please find check CD or money order [J for $ how he had grown. Sara then picked TONIC FOR OUR TIMES, in new large gift format $2.50

up little Sanie and told Canute that Unto the Hills $2.00... and The Spoken Word $2.00

this was the daughter he had never This Day... and Always $2.00 At This Same Hour $2.00

seen. Name Picking her up, Canute asked the Address

child, "Well, my sweet little girl, I am very happy to meet you, do I J

DECEMBER 1952 963 The Strangers **} (Continued from page 895) you to school when a woman's real duty is to bless a man with sons and make his food taste good. You

will probably even want to paint your lips soon or discard your slippers for the elevated shoes of tea house girls."ZdkCM& "Let no more be said, Daughter,

till you reach the proper age, and

I will then arrange for your marriage to a young man of good family. As

for now, the sons and I will go to see these foreigners, and they will learn that the family of Yamada

Shotaro will not hear their words."

Older brother and I quietly followed our father down the narrow streets, past the noodle shop, the '*m: carpenter, the fruit stands, and the

sellers of cloth. Strangely enough

the big sliding door was missing, and loud noises of hammering and sawing came from inside the yard. ZION'S SAVINGS BANK Standing very formally at the outer

gatepost, father rapped the heavy knocker in vain, said some unpleasant Main ANDat South TempleTRUST Utah'sCOMPANYFirst Chartered Savings Bank things about thoughtless laborers, and finally motioned us inside.

In old clothes and much perspiracraftsmen, busily repairing were the Make this a FAMLEE Christmas tion the two Amerika]in, like poor great door. all bowed very low We

BUILD FESTIVE FAMILY MEALS in surprise and embarrassment, but officially father introcould foreigners AROUND NEW FAMLEE BREAD beforeduce us, the two motioned for us to lift the other end of the door.

As we strained to raise this heavy thing into place, curious people began to gather outside, and father /h angrily avoided our glances. After

much hammering the job was done, and our father, too winded to speak,V slowly lowered himself onto a stone bench, like a man of great age.

Never had anyone dared treat >* father so shamefully, and certainly our swordwielding samurai ancestors

Enriched with Sunshine Vitamin "D"--"-*SJ5-i-—1*** Amerikajin,removed headshowever,for lesscalmlycause.thankedThe

In the sunshine yellow, us and after a short disappearance plastic wrapper. The emerged from their house with steamwhite bread best for ing bowls of real milk. Sipping this

wonderful drink, I waited for father the Whole FAMLEE! \

to speak, but he just drank his milk m \0

BAKED BY 2Nel andFinallystared heat thelaid ground.the empty bowl FISHER BAKING W down, straightened the folds of his

COMPANY worn kimono, and arose majestically \, to his full five feet, six inches.

964 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "I have a humble daughter,"he said "Nan demo Nai,"(it is nothing).

began, "who is yet a child but has When he defiantly folded his arms the thoughts of an old woman."The across his chest, they carefully D, tines atwo tall listeners had given their redumped several more cans into the

spectful attention to this statement, long sleeves of his kimono.

but before father could go on they All the way home father talked of said, "yes"and hurried into the house the dangers of having such people in again. When they returned this Narumi, but I admired their courtime, they handed us cans of milk, age. In his anger, father had been

soap with a wonderful fragrance, caught unawares by the words of his and two brightly colored American opponents. In the ways of a city

dresses for younger sister. Of course merchant, they had asked him which

father protested loudly, but they just (Continued on following page)

(3v5555iNSiS\55S&

Lxatded Richard L. Evans

/\ne of the most obvious evidences of man's ingenuity is the excuses he contrives to make. The variety and plausiThousands of folks like yourself

bility of our explanations to ourselves and to others for our are now enjoying the thrill of failures to perform seem sometimes to exceed the fabrications glorious,homes, churchesreal organandmusicschoolsin of fiction. We explain why we didn't continue a certain across the nation. Stop in today

., course, why we didn't finish school, why we didn't pay a debt, andthe demonstrationshare their experienceis free.

why we don't break a bad habit, why we dropped the ball, why we were late, why we weren't there, why we didn't accept an assignment, why we failed in marriage, why we DAYNES MUSIC COMPANY didn't keep our word, why we fell short of keeping a com45-47Salt LakeSouthCity,MainUtah mandment, why we departed from a principle, why we didn't Please send me without cost or obligation information about the Conany kind more

Electronic Organ. deliver on the promised date. We can explain them all ofsonnata these, and ten thousand other things—sometimes sincerely,

sometimes superficially. Admittedly excuses are often valid Name

and sincere and acceptable. Courts of law recognize that Address

there can be valid reasons for failure to perform. There are City Zone.... State.

acts of God, socalled, and of men, and circumstances and situations which make it physically, practically, literally impossible to do some things we should have done or said Convenient payments can be we would do. There are laws that give relief to the person arranged at

who has done his best and who finds it impossible to go beyond his best, and we should have no undue fear of facing ultimate just the best of our our up to Judge if we have lived Daynes Music CoD, in opportunities in the circumstances understanding and which we found ourselves. But not so with him who conliiff

fronts his friends and fellow men or his Eternal Father with specious, shoddy, superficial excuses for his failures. And 4547 South Main

this we must remember: No matter how good an excuse Salt Lake City 1, Utah

seems to be, no reason for failure or defection is ever so satisfying to ourselves or to anyone else as is actually doing what we should do, or delivering on the date that something is due. Excuses are at best a secondchoice substitute. It is

a surpassing quality in life to follow through, to keep comMARCH OF DIMES mitments, to keep the commandments, and no matter how ingenious our excuses are, they don't cancel commitments, or justify our failures to do what we know we should do, or relieve us from answering before the highest bar, unless they are founded on real, valid reasons—and not merely on

our comfort or convenience.

Jhe Spoken lA/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, OCTOBER 19, 1952 Copyright, 1952 lfMUARY-2-3!

DECEMBER 1952 965 Capitalize on the need for = Among urgent tails H The Strangers qualified business workers {= = (Continued from preceding page) by enrolling now in L.D.S. =

intensive, College's received at L D. ==| Business = of two nights he could come to study

their teachings, and without thinking training thorough program.

I. D. S. helps you Business College == promise. to good- =|| he had made a

with: jobs paying

family a time For our even returned recently for stenog- = 1. Excellent courses in typ- = H in normal, but the twelfth ing, office machines, = to raphers were five = bookkeeping, shorthand, = there was a new excitement monthas the

office general and work. = two teachers invited the whole village

classes. or evening Day || offering $200 and 2.

more per month. 3. Specialance for outof-townhousing assiststu- =|| today.a specialMiyokopartyheardon thein twentyfifththe market

= 4. Jobdents.placement service. that this was the festival which honCOULD YOU HAVE Write or call in today for e ored God's Son, and was called

Kirisumasu. QUALIFIED? freeportunitiesbrochureat. on., your op- = On the cold afternoon of this eventful day, we watched the Amerikajin

through their halfopened gate. In

their spacious garden, to our surprise, they first propped up a large spruce

Branch of Brigbam Young University tree and began to decorate it with 70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY all manner of beautiful things. As

the day hurried on, many children gathered to watch. Their less forward parents waited expectantly behind bamboo shutters for whatever

A Clean Case for an Extension Telephone it was, to happen. When curiosity

finally overcame some of the ragged

Your telephone's apt to ring at any children, they returned noisily from moment. When you're upstairs and behind the mystery of the gate with

is the telephone downstairs—well, it sacks of wondrous candies. The

inconvenient. be mighty can

festival had indeed begun.

Extension telephones are available In a surprisingly short time the

In nearly all communities. You may streets were full of children, farmers,

wonder why we can offer extension fishermen, and merchants, and by the telephones when there are some folks we haven't been able to serve at all. open gate, I saw fat Cho Cho San,

The answer is that an extension does the mayor, had made himself the require not extra lines or equipment official greeter, and was bowing low in the telephone building which are necessary for connection of new teleto beggars and landowners alike.

phones. It was truly a remarkable evening,

and all were impressed when a chorus living, For convenient more why of young people sang a beautiful inoffice call not our business and quire about an extension telephone? song called "Silent Night."One of

For a few cents a day, you and the the foreigners then prayed very whole family can save steps and humbly that all people might seek to trouble. understand Jesus and his timeless

The Mountain States Telephone Cr Telegraph Co. teachings.

When the other teacher next told the audience of the kind old grandpa from the top of the world, the children got big eyes. Miyoko had whispered very seriously that he truly j&SBSSSS**!? ARCHAEOLOGY - GEOGRAPHY

had a white beard and gave gifts to

RELIGION people in foreign lands. Some of the

this story, 80Q&OF THREE BOOKS IN ONE older people laughed at

ORJv\ON The Contents of the Book of Mormon arranged but the speaker, with a flourish like according to subject. A valuable reference a Kabuki actor, introduced us to Santa

and teaching aid. Twentysix helpful charts. San himself. For one long minute

there was silence in our ancient vilBOOK OF MORMON GUIDE BOOK lage of Narumi.

The gift that lasts a lifetime When the short fat man in the $5.00 red suit began to speak, the words

DESERET BOOK CO. - Z.C.M.I. - BOOKCRAFT that came out through his thick

and other leading book stores beard were surprisingly good Japanese for a foreigner. "I am glad to come

966 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to your village,** he said, "and although I have traveled far, I am refreshed by the friendship I find here.

Japan has long been a land of many sorrows, but these two missionaries are truly your brothers, and they bring you the faith and love of their people and our God. If you will hear

their words, you shall find peace and righteousness, and understanding shall grow in your hearts."

"Such wonderful words,"the people around us said, "such an amazing person,"but Santa San and the missionaries were busy now handing out small bundles of food and clothing to the most needy, and Amerikajin candies to all. There was another Expert cook of North Pocatello, Idaho, praises Active Dry Yeast

song, a farewell prayer, and there were tears in the eyes of many who filed out through the big gate. As Wins Top Honors in Cooking Contests

the crowd slowly gathered outside, Fifteen ribbons—and every one a so easy to use. I always keep a supthe charcoal maker's sooty hand top award! That's the record of ply on hand."

caught my arm as he repentantly Mrs. Chester Loveland in her very Holiday meals call for yeastraised

said: "And to think that I doubted first State Fair cooking competition. treats... rich in nourishing goodthe story of Santa San."Here she shows her son and daughter ness! When you bake at home, use

dry more convenient won—at last year's yeast—the Miyoko, Nubuo, and I walked theIdahoprizesStatesheFair. yeast! Fleischmann's Active Dryslowly home along the darkening Mrs. Loveland gives a lot of credit Yeast keeps for months on your

road, greatly impressed by the things to Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast, pantry shelf... it's so fast rising and

that we had learned. Even Nobuo as so many prizewinning cooks do. easy to use. For the finest yeast ever,

told us of his thoughts: "My heart "It's so fast rising,"she says. "And get Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast.

tells me that these things are true,"he said, "but it is a great sorrow that our father will never listen."

"Why do you return so late?"

Father questioned at the door, but in sleep we soon escaped answering.

In the charcoal heater's dim light,

Yamada Shotaro walked through his quiet house to a small window overlooking the sleeping village of

Narumi. Outside the moonlight outlined the ancient hills to the north,

and a lonely wind sighed in the great pines. The old temple was a dark

and silent silhouette.

But there was a new light in Yamada Sans'eyes, new faith and new strength to carry on. Yes, there

would be typhoons, and earthquakes, and communism to fear, but spring would come, and the tender green rice shoots would be planted for a bigger harvest and a better future.

There will be blessings for my good children, he thought, to himself; for

this village, and for all of Japan. We

have a new hope, and a new God to guide us. And then, carefully folding the bright red cloth, he wrapped

Narumi's first Santa Glaus suit in a silk cloth and tenderly put it away for the following year; for the twelfth

month, of the twentyfourth year, of the Emperor Showa.

DECEMBER 1952 967

t ntze

time when there is no opportunity to

Items of Importance to Melchizedek present the candidates at a stake priesthood meeting. Under those

circumstances it is permissible to prePriesthood Officers sent these candidates to one of the general sessions of the stake quarterly conference. It is out of order and

ITEM NUMBER ONE: in these Melchizedek Priesthood docnot in harmony with Church protrinal classes. cedure, however, to present them to

Melchizedek Priesthood Quorum the priesthood leadership meeting

Meetings ITEM NUMBER THREE: which is held as part of the stake

general priesthood committee conference. The group of brethren

for Ordination who attend that meeting are not aTheof the Church once again calls Presenting Candidates the following instructions relative to Various Offices in the Melchizedek constituent body of the priesthood in to Melchizedek Priesthood quorum Priesthood for the Vote of the Church that stake, and therefore their vote of constitute the "vote the not would the attentionmeetings to of quorum revelation the Lord deIn modern other the Church."hand, On thepresidents, bishops, and stake presiclared that of sessions general conference stake

dents: No person is to be ordained to any office quarterly conferences do constitute

Quorum Meetings. These should be held in the church, where there is a regularly official bodies of the Church, and

monthly except in stakes where quorum organized branch of the same, without the hence are authorized to approve areas are so large as to make this imvote of that church. (D. & C. 20:65.) candidates for ordination to the varipractical. In such places quorum meetings

should be held quarterly in connection with Thus, before ordaining brethren it ous offices of the priesthood.

stake conferences. They may be held either is the practice of the Church to preall Sundays or on weekdays,on and memsent candidates for ordination in the ITEM NUMBER FOUR:

attend. tobers are expected of the quorum

Where quorum members live in more than various offices of the Melchizedek Melchizedek Priesthood Quorum one ward, it is suggested that the quorum Priesthood to stake priesthood meetPresidencies meeting be held on Sunday afternoon or ings for the vote of the Church.

to as so night permit quorumon a weekday Since priesthood stands first in the certain occasions emergencies On of all to the attend weekly wardmembers the auxiliaries are helpers and it arise to Church wherein becomes necessary priestspriesthood meetings. quorum High

meetings should be scheduled at such a perform ordinations to one or another to the priesthood, the General Autime as to permit members of bishoprics, of the offices in the priesthood at a thorities of the Church once more high councilors, and stake presidencies to assert that it is important that the attend them. most capable men in powers of leadership and righteousness be placed in

ITEM NUMBER TWO: the positions of stake presidencies,

high councils, bishoprics, and presiMelchizedek Priesthood Weekly dencies of priesthood quorums. In Doctrine Classes

other words, all priesthood positions

Again, the Melchizedek Priesthood The general Melchizedek Priestthroughout the wards and stakes presidencies throughout the Church hood committee extends season's should be filled with the most capable, are to be reminded that all Melgreetings to every priesthood officer Godfearing men available. After

chizedek Priesthood groups of high and priesthood holder and their these selections have been made, other priests, seventies, and elders and all families, as well as to the Church men from the quorums may be taken quorums wherein the complete quomembers who have not received the into the auxiliary work in the stakes rum resides within the confines of Holy Priesthood. May you have a and wards as the needs require.

separate wards, are to hold their happy Christmas, followed by a joyThe members of all quorum presipriesthood classes once each week. ful and successful New Year. May dencies are to be reminded that one

Bishoprics should be certain that they the blessings of the Lord continue to of their principal duties is to enare providing classperiod time of no be poured out upon you; and may the deavor to teach all the quorum memless than fortyfive minutes during peace of Christ attend you always. bers under their jurisdiction to render

which the priesthood members study May you continue to grow in love, obedience to the gospel of Jesus the lessons prescribed by the First fellowship, spirituality, righteousness, Christ in every detail. Quorum presiPresidency and the Quorum of the and in a testimony of the divine nadents should consider that they have

Twelve. ture of the restored gospel of Jesus not done all that could be done, nor

It is of vital importance for the Christ. is their work completed, as long as

quorum presidencies to select the there remain members of their quomen best qualified to serve as teachers rum who are not living in harmony 968 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA are to interview personally each quorum member who is living at home to determine his answer to the items, excepting percentage items and tithing questions, so this report may be completed and mailed to the chairman of the stake Melchizedek

Priesthood committee not later than January 1.

with all of God's commandments. ITEM NUMBER SIX:

The quorum presidents are encourAnnual Visits of Melchizedek ITEM NUMBER SEVEN:

aged to teach the gospel to quorum Priesthood Presidencies Corresponding With Men Who Are members by setting a good example Away From Home at all times. The presidencies of Melchizedek

Priesthood quorums are reminded All bishoprics and quorum presiITEM NUMBER FIVE: that since this month is December it dencies, and also others designated

furnishes the last available opporby them, were reminded in an article

Priesthood Quorum Presidencies'tunity this year to make annual visits in The Improvement Era last month

Council Meetings to each individual quorum member, that one of their most vital assignThe presidencies of Melchizedek and so the General Authorities of the ments is to correspond at least once

Priesthood quorums are once again Church earnestly urge all quorum each month with every member of reminded that "a weekly meeting of presidencies who have not completed their respective quorums (both the quorum presidency should be this assignment to be sure to do so Aaronic and Melchizedek Priesthood held."In fact, council meetings before this month comes to a close. holders), as well as with other male

should be held just as often as cirIn regard to quorum presidencies members of the Church who do not cumstances warrant, but at least visiting all quorum members, the hold the priesthood, who are away weekly. Stake presidencies and bishMelchizedek Priesthood Handbook from home, regardless of the reasons

oprics are also advised to hold their states: for their being away. This important

council meetings at least once each Members of the presidency of each quoduty is once again called to your atweek. rum of high priests, seventies, and elders tention.

"...LOVEST THOU ME...? FEED MY LAMBS"

(Concluded from page 878) bishop of the Federal Heights Ward. They have six children and three

of the Sunday Schools. He has He now returns to the Sunday School grandchildren.

served in stake Sunday School capaciorganization where he gave eleven On one of the perimeters of this ties in both the Salt Lake and Bonneyears of service, 19341945, on that Church, presiding over the British ville stakes and was called to the general board. He is the son of Mission, is Elder A. Hamer Reiser,

general board of the Deseret Sunday President Stephen L Richards of the released as first assistant general

School Union in 1939. Here his asFirst Presidency. Elder Richards'superintendent but who retains his

signment for several years was the early Sunday School training was in position on the general board of the chairmanship of the standards comthe Liberty Stake, where he served Deseret Sunday School Union. He,

mittee. He filled a mission among as a teacher and ultimately as an astoo, has labored long in the cause of

the Frenchspeaking folk of the Swiss sistant stake Sunday School superinthe Sunday Schools. He became genGerman Mission, and while on that tendent. He filled a mission in the eral secretary of the Sunday Schools

mission served for a period as associate Eastern States from 1919 to 1921, in 1921, and a member of the geneditor of the Millennial Star. So and was principal of the Oneida Stake eral board in 1924. In 1943 he beproficient was his knowledge of the and Franklin Stake (Idaho) semicame second assistant general superinFrench language on his return from naries from 1923 to 1926. He attended tendent to Elder Pyper, and first ashis mission that he was able to teach the University of Utah, the Utah sistant, in 1949, to Elder Hill.

that language at the University of State Agricultural College, was graduNewly appointed general board

Utah and at high schools in Washated from Brigham Young University, members of the Deseret Sunday School ington, D. C, while he matriculated and obtained his law degree from Union are Lynn S. Richards, who

assistant general as second serves universities. other at the (For is a like Elder details Stanford. McKay, He,

Sill, Sterling superintendent, W. J. see Era, Improvement DecemThe Salt in attorney Lake City. prominent DelClair Johnson, Jacobs, Smith W. ber 1949, 814 ff.) in state senator as Utah He served ClarBrown, C. Manley mar Dickson,

Elder Lynn S. Richards, newly sus- 1 943 and is now a member of the Utah ence Tyndall, Norman R. Gulbrantained second assistant general superState board of education, and is a sen, Joseph F. Cowley, Wallace G.

intendent, was bishop of the Univerpast president of the alumni associaBennett, Addie Gilmore, Camille W.

sity (Salt Lake City) Ward from 1945 tion of Brigham Young University. Halliday, Margaret Hopkinson, Mima

to 1950, when he was sustained as He married Lucille Covey in 1924. Rasband, and Edith M. Nash.

DECEMBER 1952 969 Digest of Revisions in Aaronic Priesthood Programs

Touring the special meeting for bishops into three departments with a member 21."There is no change in the organconducted in the Tabernacle in Salt of the bishopric in charge of each. ization of the stake committee.

Lake City, October 3, 1952, the PreLeaders of priests in both programs will Additional responsibilities of the four siding Bishopric announced the followattend the bishop's department; leaders advisers on the stake committee are to

ing revisions (with modifications and of teachers will attend the first counbe as follows: adviser responsible for

additions) in both Aaronic Priesthood selor's department; leaders of deacons "organization"to be assigned to priests

programs to become effective January will attend the second counselor's deover 21; adviser responsible for "per-

1, 1953: partment. sonal visits"to be assigned to teachers

In each of the three departments, the over 21; adviser responsible for "meetProgram for Aaronic Priesthood member of the bishopric in charge will, ings"to be assigned to deacons over 21;

Under 21 (1) call for a report on all assignments adviser responsible for "projects and made the previous month; (2) review recreation"to be assigned to male mem-

1. The designation "stake Aaronic the activity records of quorum or group bers over 21 not yet ordained.

Priesthood committee"is changed to members and those not yet ordained; 3. The former "ward committee for

"stake committee for Aaronic Priest- (3) make and record assignments to adult members of the Aaronic Priesthood under 21."The organization and visit those needing attention during the hood"is to be known hereafter as the

duties of the stake committee remain ensuing month. "ward committee for Aaronic Priesthood

the same as heretofore. When a member of the bishopric over 21."There is no change in the

2. The designation "ward Aaronic cannot attend this meeting because of organization or duties of the ward comPriesthood committee"is changed to illness or absence from the ward, one mittee except that advisers are to be

"ward committee for Aaronic Priestof the coordinators should be asked to reassigned to permit their working with hood under 21."The organization and conduct the absentee's department. deacons, or teachers, or priests over 21,

duties of the ward committee remain Part Three provides for a separate instead of a group which may include unchanged. meeting of the ward committee for all offices in the Aaronic Priesthood as

3. The ward boy leadership commitAaronic Priesthood under 21 and for at present.

totee is changed include only for PriestAaronic the the committee ward are sufficient there 4. Where memAaronic Priesthood leaders in the ward, their particular over 21 where hood all enrolled, Priesthood bers Aaronic

comprised of the ward committee for problems may be discussed in their own bearers over 21 in each ward are to be

Aaronic Priesthood under 21 and the council meetings. At least one member organized into quorums of deacons,

forward committee Priesthood Aaronic bishopric the attend of should and priests, diteachers, and quorums which 21.over School Sunday and Y.M.M.I.A. rect of these meetings, each two council as respectively are designated to be

leaders associated formerly with the these attending the bishop meetwith teachers over 21, quodeacons quorum leadershipward will boy committee no alternately. ings priests 21, over over and quorum rum

longer to required be attend the monthfull for of order business the ward A are 21. there than one more Where

ly of these leaders. meeting leadership Priesthood meeting, Aaronic of for instance, deacons, the quorum

4. In of place the discontinued monthits for of will departments, be each and "first designated quobe would quorum

ly of meeting the leadership ward boy in forthcoming behandbooks new now 21,"etc. of over deacons rum

willcommittee the be "ward Aaronic for distribution. ing the prepared In

for organizations Aaronic QuorumPriesthood leadership meeting"each of heretobusiness order the meantime, are to Priesthood 21 over be members tomonth, be conducted perthe under fore for leadersuggested the boy ward set precisely as for Aaronic the same Upsonal direction of the bishop his and will, ship committee meeting with a Priesthood 21 with under memberscounselors. to expected Those attend helpful. modifications, prove needed

secrepresident, counselors, a and twothis in meeting, to addition the bishop- 5. "junior"appellation should The tary, respective chosen the from amongric, include: coordinator, (1) quorum at or for reaused be not any time any

to preside over quorums, each quorumadvisers, secretary of the and ward referring to those 21 son under when of over quoover 21 deacons each and forcommittee Aaronic Priesthood under Priesthood. bear the Aaronic Such who 21. teachers over of bishop rum The coordinator, instructors,21; (2) quorum as Aaronics,"terms "Junior "Junior

as preside counselors will the without advisers,group secretary the and on or of the deacons,""Junior members priests of president over in adthe 21 forward committee Aaronic Priesthood for instance, Priesthood,"Aaronic priests dition presiding to over the underover 21. carefully avoided. should be

21. Aaronic Priesthood The "ward new

leadership meeting"is to be held in Program for Aaronic Priesthood Where there are fewer than seven three parts, as follows: Over 21 deacons or thirteen teachers over 21 enPart One will include the opening rolled, a group organization should be

exercises, under the direction of the 1. All reference to those formerly effected with a group leader, two asbishopric, with announcements of comdesignated "adult members of the sistants, and a secretary appointed to

mon interest to all in attendance and Aaronic Priesthood"will, hereafter, be lead each group. The bishop presides

such other priesthood business as the "Aaronic Priesthood members over 21."over the priests whether designated as

bishopric may desire to bring before 2. The committee designation "stake a group of fewer than twentyfive enthe combined leadership of both procommittee for adult members of the rolled or as a quorum.

grams. Aaronic Priesthood"is changed to "stake 5. The monthly council meeting of

Part Two will call for a separation committee for Aaronic Priesthood over the ward committee for Aaronic Priest970 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (repared bu <=JLee v. faltmer

Aaronic Priesthood Awards Think it Over P. B. 0. to Determine Eligibility of Stakes and Wards

If the forces of evil relaxed their vigil as do so many of our leaders "VTo application for stake and ward wards and branches within the stake, of youth, there would be less Aaronic Priesthood awards will be have qualified.

evil. necessary since eligibility will be Three important matters remain for

If more of our leaders of youth determined in the Presiding Bishopric's stake and ward leaders to keep in mind:

were as persistent as the forces of office on the basis of applications for the First, each bishop's original applicaevil, there would be more rightIndividual Aaronic Priesthood Award tion'for individual awards should coneousness. received from bishops. tain the names of all young men to

—L. A. p. As each application for the individual receive the award. This can be done if

award is received from the bishop, the ward leaders will exercise the needed percent of Aaronic Priesthood members care in preparing the original list of hood over 21 is discontinued. The qualifying will be determined immeeligibles. If a ward sends in two or

business of the discontinued meeting is diately and so recorded. Percentages more applications because some have

now taken care of during the ward will be based on the average of the been "overlooked,"bookkeeping records

Aaronic Priesthood leadership meeting monthly enrolments of Aaronic Priestare complicated, and, in many instances, held each month as outlined above. hood members twelve to twentyone, the ward award will not represent the

this project. true in accomplishment inactive active or whether and Priesthood Aaronic Meeting whether Ward

is that the stake second matter If The not. or the living at ward home to be Held Each Month assist carefully each should committee of fifty qualifies such percent or more

The second priesthood meeting in average enrolment, the ward Aaronic ward in preparing its original applicaeach month is to be a ward Aaronic Priesthood award will be made up at tion to insure its being complete.

Priesthood meeting and is to be cononce, appropriately framed, and sent The third item is that when it is ducted under the personal direction of to the bishop. definitely established that a ward or

the bishop and his counselors as the When all ward applications for the branch will not have one or more boys presidency of the Aaronic Priesthood. individual award are in, the stake award qualify for the award, the stake comThose expected to attend this meeting, will be made up, appropriately framed, mittee should so inform the Presiding

in addition to the bishopric, include: and sent to the stake president, proBishopric in order that records may be

(1) Aaronic Priesthood quorum presivided fifty percent or more of the avertotaled and percentages established to dencies or group leaders and all bearers age enrolments of Aaronic Priesthood determine whether the stake is eligible of the Aaronic Priesthood both under members 12 to 21, as reported by all for the stake award.

and over 21; (2) coordinator, quorum or

group advisers, and secretary on ward committee for Aaronic Priesthood under sure the full accomplishment of its ob- C. 107:15) and desires that all who bear

21; (3) coordinator, quorum or group jectives. the Aaronic Priesthood come under the

instructor, group advisers, and secretary A silent roll should be taken by personal leadership of the bishop and on ward committee for Aaronic Priestpassing a roll pad so that each person his counselors. Therefore, it is hoped

hood over 21. present can sign his name and indicate that every bishop and every counselor

No Aaronic Priesthood quorum or office in the priesthood, the quorum or will sense this responsibility and take group meetings are to be conducted durgroup to which he belongs, and his full advantage of this joint assembly of ing this particular priesthood meeting, activities since he last reported. Quorum all Aaronic Priesthood bearers and their

since all Aaronic Priesthood members secretaries in both programs should imleaders to give inspired guidance and will remain in joint assembly for the mediately record such reports in their counsel to those over whom they preentire time. respective quorum rolls. While no side as the presidency of the Aaronic

The order of business for this meeting separate quorum or group meetings are Priesthood.

will include the usual opening exerheld on this day, each quorum record cises to be followed with instructions and report must show that a priest- A Word to Stake and Ward Leaders and counsel from the bishop and his hood meeting was held.

counselors. Suggested subjects for this Bearers of the Melchizedek PriestThere is a great deal of work to be

special meeting will be found in each hood will not meet with the Aaronic done now in bringing both Aaronic of the Aaronic Priesthood lesson manuals Priesthood for any reason during the Priesthood programs in line with the for 1953. Speakers particularly qualisecond priesthood meeting each month revisions outlined above. Close cofied on subjects requiring technical but will go direct to their appointed operation between stake and ward comknowledge or special abilities may, ocrooms for their own quorum or group mittees will be essential to success.

casionally, be invited by the bishop to meetings. Stake committees can be of invaluable

participate in this meeting. CoordiThe purpose of the ward Aaronic assistance in staying close to bishoprics

nators and quorum advisers may occaPriesthood meeting to be held each in an effort to help them in effecting sionally be called upon to participate. month is to place the bishop and his these suggested revisions.

However, it is recommended that the counselors squarely in the program as When new printed supplies are availbishop and his counselors consider this the presidency of the Aaronic Priestable for use in keeping with these remeeting as their personal responsibility hood. The Lord has placed this revisions, stake and ward leaders will be

and make adequate preparations to insponsibility upon the bishopric (D. & notified.

DECEMBER 1952 971 RUBYH.MORGAN

Editor

t... TODAY'

t#&ii#&#%#&

familiar and beloved passages from the scriptures, legends of other lands, and poetry. All prefaced a final

reading, on Christmas Eve, around a softly lighted tree, of Saint Luke's beautiful story of the birth of Christ.

"Tell me a story, a Christmas story, please,"is a plea neither big sister nor Scout brother can resist. The

Bible is the natural place to begin and end a pattern for Christmas reading. Because little children love to

hear stories of things in their small, familiar world, and most children know and love babies, you may wish to begin with stories of babies in the

Bible. They will love the beautiful,

healthy baby Moses who must be hidden from Pharaoh's spies. How

daughter Miriam helped their mother make a watertight basket that floated among the reeds on the edge of the river, and tended her baby brother

This happy group, unitedly planning for Christmas, is the family of S. Richmond until a princess decided to save him,

East bishop Provo, Leonard Stake, of 13th Young. and Louise Provo Ward, He is

Russell, children are Marilyn, Legrande, Utah. Carol 20; 16; Gay, 14; 12; is a story that will be enjoyed for a The

Richard, 9; and Mary Margaret, 6. long time.

And, Baby Samuel, who came to his mother, Hannah, because she selfishness promand anprayers Make a Pattern for Christmas prayedised thatwithoutif her were swered she would lend her baby boy by Bernice F. Pond back to the Lord.

In the month before Christmas we

There is a special time each year Sometimes that special feeling may come to know these Bible children when Christmas comes into your wait until you share with loved ones almost as well as our playmates next heart and kindles a warm, glowthe fun of tree trimming, or see in door. The stories about these babies

ing spark of excitement. An indescribshining eyes the delight and wonder are followed naturally by the wonable something of the spirit, tender of Christmas morning. But, whender-story of the birth of Jesus. in a

and welcome, it belongs to this seaever it reaches your heart, although manger, Bethlehem's star, the wise son alone. delicate and fragile as a crystal baumen, and the shepherds.

You never know when that moble, it is something you want to cling The nearten brother or sister ment of realization will be. One to. This treasure, call it the Christwho is studying Old Testament

year it may come with the first clear mas spirit or what you may, is somestories responds to the browneyed sound of carols sung on a frostthing you want to retain, to feel in boy David. David, sweet singer, who

cold night. Another time it may be all of your family relationships long tended his father's flocks and made

during a special Mutual program after the season of celebration is over. songs of the earth, the trees, the hills,

when eldest sister, with newfound In my childhood home, a feeling and the beauty of holiness. We

beauty and grace, portrays Mary in of tenderness, affection, kindness pause to memorize the 23rd Psalm, the Nativity scene. Maybe an unseemed to spread through every room and to feel a special peace in the

expectedly tender kiss planted on in the house long before we began to exquisitely simple words: "The Lord

your hot cheek by your Boy Scout in decorate with pine boughs and holly. is my shepherd; I shall not want. He

appreciation for huge Santa cookies Mother read and told stories beautimaketh me to lie down in green you made for this troop, stirs somefully and began early to read Christpastures; he leadeth me beside the

thing deep within you. mas stories. We shared all the still waters. He restoreth my soul:

972 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA he leadeth me in the paths of righteousness for his name's sake.... "

At our house, even the littlest ones ask repeatedly for the Taber- K nacle Choir recording of the Twenty- * fourth Psalm. "Who shall ascend.Gwistmas (Mi into the hill of the Lord? or who shall stand in his holy place?"We listen with eyesstinging and throats tightbyBOYCO

ening, as Sister Jessie Evans Smith sings: "He that hath clean hands, and a pure heart; who hath not lifted GARDENER up his soul unto vanity, nor sworn FOR THE

deceitfully."BOYCO'S POPPY BARROW,

What poetry might have been -A as any garden will testify store, to our could added have putterer Mary 11m swell to is a gift that's left story us her Son. of her At least,

giVe,evenbettertoreceive. talk of her to underas we and try is a Barrow Poppy the lor stand the Virgin young found who It carries saver. work real

favor share with God, mulch her or we can earth cu.ft.of 3

at flats glory in the child in promised her plant four..or

song of praise, "My soul doth mag- 'a time. Makes the

nify the Lord, And my spirit hath toughest gardening rejoiced in God my Saviour. For he chores easier.

hath estate of regarded the his low TOO GARDEN &e BOYCO for, behold, handmaiden: hencefrom for i -"ideal He'll are

forth call all generations shall me theW*gout for worn of best blessed."out*ff*% a kick get garden really o*** |oYCOmaketools,

From the Bible your pattern may R9 U turn you to tales that fit your tastes and ages. Many families read aloud take a beating.

Charles Dickens'Christmas Carol, and Henry Van Dyke's The Other

Wise Man, as part of their Christmas plan. These are easily found in colVACATIONER- lections of Christmas stories; also "The FORTHE

Fir Tree,"from Hans Christian

Andersen. is sure to make a 7\ For the To oftrepeated legends of tradiskiers, hunters and* cold

tional Christmas celebrations in other Kool Kan** "J keeps lands, we have added the story of a or steaming... fresh ou little drama enacted for nine days in hot

sizes, withMexican villages and hamlets, beSVgallon cause "there was no room in the inn."or without spigots.

As Christmas begins, week we CANTEENS extra BOYCOchoose to read the of from Book Morcarnp,ta, any for swell:iemon, the Samuel Lamanite's predicneeOMU p always is canteen,.too,.tions of signs the of Christ's birth: youngs* for gifts ne m*: short J jus or trips Scont

I Behold give unto a sign; you for Bovcosftq.. five hills. h.kingiyears more cometh, behold, and then cometh canons "Sportsman Hto V

the Son of God to redeem all those who shall believe on his name. tttefcanteensareperfect I-1.; '.'ii,'?

behold, this will And I give for unto you for longer trips. signa at the time of his coming; for behold, there shall be great lights in heaven,

insomuch that in the night before he cometh there shall darkness, be no that insomuch See these suggestions BOYCO gift at your local it shall appear unto hardware, department, man as sporting if it was day. or goods garden

Therefore, there shall be one day and store.

a night and a day, as if it were one day and there were no night; and this shall UNITED STATES STEEL PRODUCTS

be unto you for a sign; for ye shall know DIVISION

of the rising of the sun also its and of UNITED STATES STEEL COMPANY setting; therefore they shall of a know 5100 SANTA FE AVE., LOS ANGELES, CALIF.. 1849 OAK ST., ALAMEDA, CALIF.

surety that there shall be two days a and night; nevertheless the night shall not be (Continued on following page) UNITED STATES

DECEMBER 1952 and "O Come All Ye Faithful,"but lake a Pattern for Christmas we repeat most often, "Silent Night,"(Continued from preceding page) and "Away in a Manger."Big

darkened; and it shall be the night before sister makes our carol singing more

he is born. enjoyable, if possible, by telling us

And behold, there shall a new star arise, of Martin Luther, who loved chilsuch an one as ye never have beheld. dren; and how "Silent Night"was

14:2-5.) (Helaman

written.

Turn to Third Nephi, Chapter 1, "Things of the spirit differ from and read through verse twentythree, things material in that the more you for the fulfilment of Samuel's prophgive the more you have,"says ecy. Christopher Morley. Certainly there

Since Christmas seems to be the are some basic experiences, things of "singingest"time of the year for most the spirit, that every child should families, it is easy to add family carolhave and share—the gathering of the

ing to the preferred pattern. We like family in friendliness and love around

the carols of joy, "Hark the Herald a fragrant dinner table; family night

Angels Sing,""Joy to the World,"association, rich with newly prepared

Let's Have a Candy Pull

you have never burned your finMix sugar, milk, and honey and cook

If gers while impatiently testing the over low heat in a heavy kettle to taffy to be pulled or held your prevent burning. Stir often with a

sticking and to prevent spoon of a wooden side taffy the by rope of stringy until heat with low burning. Cook batch the same from one much lighter cold water ball in a hard candy forms

or with each pull of the taffy twisted for hard taffy or a semihard ball for a a piece off the end to chew until soft taffy. Add butter. Pour onto butyours is the smallest on the platter, tered platter, sprinkle finely chopped

you have missed great fun. nuts over top, and cool until you can

Amber taffy is a blond amber hold your finger in the center. Divide

color if pulled long enough and is a into three or four parts and pull until soft taffy or hard depending upon candy is light and hardens. Twist and

the cooking stage. place on platter, mark with knife or

cut with scissors.

Amber Taffy 2 cups brown sugar 1 cup light colored honey 1 cup milk To be complete, Christmas de- 2 tbsp. butter mands a large batch of homemade

Y2 cup black walnut meats, cut finely candies.

Give the Best!

Ostler's Paradise! The

most delicious, finest quality chocolates madel For every important occasion be

sore they're Ostler's

Paradise!

PARADISEOstler's AT UTAH STATE FAIR! WINNER Of 20 ffRST PRIZES

Sold wherever GOOD CANDY is sold! Ask for it!

OSTLER CANDY COMPANY, Solt Loke City, Uroh 974 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA solos and freshlearned "pieces"presented according to age, experience, and understanding; carefully planned

surprises that make especially appropriate and appreciated gifts because of thoughtfulness and effort.

Friendliness, kindness, sharing, and giving, all lead to a family pattern based on showing joy and reverence at the coming of the Savior.

If Santa Claus is not going to take over the holidays, we will have to do something about it ourselves. Don't

let Christmas "just happen."Through

joyful, planned patterns and traditions, family members can come better to understand the past, and look with imagination and hope to the future.

Yours now, yours to remember—this loving smile that's all

for mother. Yours also, the joy of knowing that he is safer

and happier because of you... because of your care in

choosing for him now the things that will help him grow into a sturdy, happy child.

High on the list of things important to your baby now is the milk you give him. Is it uniformly rich—easy to digest——Photo by Louise Price Bell

safe? You can be sure of this, and more, when you give your

baby Sego Evaporated Milk.

Honey Panocha Sego Milk is always easy for babies to digest. Always uni-

2 cups brown sugar formly rich in the food substances of whole milk. Always Va cuP honey

1 cup rich milk or light cream surely safe, in its sealed container. And Sego Milk is enriched

Y4 tsp. salt with pure crystalline vitamin D, the sunshine vitamin. It's

2 tbsp. butter this sunshine vitamin that helps your baby build strong,

1 cup broken nut meats or coconut straight bones and sound teeth—helps him make the best of

1 tsp. vanilla

growth.

Mix sugar and milk in large kettle with Yet, with all these advantages, Sego Milk costs less generally bottom,a heavy boil and five minutes than any other form of milk!on low heat. stirring honey, Add continuously with a wooden spoon. ConFREE TO MOTHERS!

tinue to cook with low heat, stirring This bandy book that makes it easier often. When candy forms a soft ball to care for and train your baby.

Dozens of the most important quesin water, cold remove the horn heat, tions about the care of and trainingadd butter into and pour buttered bowl are your 64baby in this answered or, pan, or onto illustrated slab. marble page book. Approved When by y doctor. a wellknown Praised enthucool enough to hold finger in the center

of candy, begin to beat. When candy mountainsiastically west.by mothersSend forin theyourinterfree

begins to harden, add vanilla, and nuts copy of this helpful book today.

and knead. Roll into round balls, and Address: Sego Milk Co., Dept. E-5,

place a nut on the top of each, or make Salt Lake City, Utah.

into Co., rolls and twist, then cut on the Sego Milk Products Originator Evaporated in the of Milk Intermountain West

bias. in Plants Utah; Richmond, Preston and Buhl, Idaho

DECEMBER 1952 975 How Important is the "Family Hour"for Youth?

by Rex A. Skidmore

Professor of Sociology and Social Work

University of Utah

laughter. formal, reginot It need a be acschool and Church and Dates is this as meeting, unnatural tivities inmented are so numerous and MERKyQiRL/TMAJ''to VAN TfVU teresting to most teenagers that mostFamiliesfamilies.should meet regularly at an hour

some wonder whether or not spending most convenient to them and best suited to "an hour"with the family is imthe activities planned. Some families may

portant or necessary. Can the "famwish to meet once a month, while others

in the to weekly, some meet it help fun? you may Can be ily hour"as such home, from away afternoon—evenprefer

it life help you more? Can outing. or canyon a park having cfhe enjoy

to develop your own personality? Or Family members should plan their own

is the "family hour"just another programs. Parents working in the backactivities direct the will, of course, activity which clutters up ground

recreacultural, spiritual, andQyne utunarea CJorty unnecessary toward high your schedule? tional standards.—The "Family Hour"leafFor a long time our Church leaders let distributed in 1947.

(brnpioyees have stressed the importance of the Contrast living in two homes, one family's getting together, having fun, in which members are close to each and learning spiritually and otherother, talk over plans and problems, who have served for a total wise. Weekly "home evening"proand have fun and worthwhile

grams have existed in some localities evenings together; the other, a family

for many years. Through these, which is seldom together and in

of more than 100 years at many young people and parents have which members are practically strandeveloped faith, have gained power gers. Mary and Jackie belong to such

to live enjoyably, and have learned families. Along with her parents,

to appreciate their homes. Working, Mary has two brothers and a sister.

The playing, and praying together has Differences of opinion sometime arise, brought thousands of families closer which is common among brothers together. In 1946 the General Auand sisters and parents, but they work

DESERET NEWS PRESS thorities of the Church gave the Reout their problems, and basically they lief Society the assignment of love and help each other. For the

encouraging family activities. Other past five years they have had a weekly

wish you a auxiliaries gave special help. In 1947, "family hour,"missing only four or

for families who found it impractical five times. People usually find time

to get together the same night each for the things they really want to do.

week, the "family hour"was sugThese together have welded their 1 1terry Cnrtstmas gested, described as follows: family into a unit. They have fun

playing games, singing songs together, of the nature Family Hour The should working on the family scrapbook, gathering, natural family that of a happy, be ana a characterized by wholesome, profitable acviewing slides and their own movies, tivities, generously sprinkled with fun and and are now, as a family, working on uiappy ana

[Prosperous

I Lew year

976 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a plan for a new home. Many of

their experiences together are of a This delicious hot wheat cereal isreligious nature, and Mary has acquired a better understanding of many of the principles of the gospel and has become more aware of basic values of living. On several occasions she has brought up questions ENRICHED

about dating and other problems. The

answers worked out together have been helpful to her and have also taught the younger children manyimportant things. WITH TOASTED

On the other hand, Jackie comes from a home of the same size, but, oh, how different! Each family member cares little about the others, and WHEAT GERMthe only time the group are together

at all is occasionally at meals. Each for extra nutrition, rich flavor

one has his own interests out of the home, and the members let themselves become so busy that A real family cereal. It gives adults

they have no time together. Jackie getup-andgo...gives babies and growseldom confides in her parents ing children an important part of their

and has little or no opportunity at daily Vitamin B-l requirement. Tastes

home to develop knowledge and wiswonderful because the wheat germ in dom. Instead of having a family to Wheat Hearts is gently toasted to bring out the full, rich

back her up, she has to depend enwheaty flavor.

tirely upon herself. Recently she conMany doctors recommend Wheat Hearts because of its high

fided in her girl friend, "Gee, I wish content of wheat germ, rich in Thiamine (Vitamin B-l).

my family was like Mary's. They Wheat Hearts is actually 20% wheat germ... 6 times richer

mean so much to each other."in Vitamin B-l than whole wheat itself.

Some young people fail to conAlso provides abundant food energy! Good musclebuilding

tribute their share to the "family proteins! Valuable carbohydrates such as iron and phosphorus.

hour."Youth need to plan their So easy to digest, so mild and safe that it can be used as baby's

activities so they can be present, in first cereal when prepared according to your doctor's directions.

the first place; secondly, they need to Cooks in 3 minutes. Costs less than a penny for a big serving.

bring their enthusiasm and interest Eat Wheat Hearts, piping hot and delicious, every morning.

to help make the time spent enjoyable It's thrifty, quick and vitamin rich.

for all. Teenagers can help strengthen family unity through leading out Valuable Silverware Coupon on every

with music, prayer, games, sports, package! Redeemable for lovely "Queen Bess"

refreshments, and spiritual activities. TudorSilversmiths.Plate Silverwaremade by you'reOneidaproudCommunityto own.

Few experiences please parents more A complete set is easy to get!

than to have their children join them For Martha Meade Success Recipes using in the warmth of their home and Wheat Hearts in desserts, cookies and other participate in enjoyable learning and ways,ServicewriteDept.,to SanMarthaFranciscoMeade,6, California.Sperry Homefun. USpiSGy

Betty, age fifteen, one day asked her mother didn't have why they a So good... and so good for you"family hour."started This the

mother thinking, and before long this family was spending a weekly hour

;; Jt ffigft* tt|kiiii- '''-':;--;:together, and enjoying each other, and SMSHHJUP95

learning much. Betty, as a result, feltcloser to her parents and brothers and WHEAT.,....-..:::::::

sisters than ever before.

Yes, youth need the "family hour,"just as the "family hour"needs youth..--As you join together with your loved HEARTS

ones, bring joy you will happiness and to yourself as well as to them. Use Anotherfineproduct of Sperry...for 100years a leader in the West

your enthusiasm, humor, and talents "SPERRY,""WHEAT HEARTS,"AND "MARTHA MEADE"ARE REGISTERED TRADE MARKS OF GENERAL MILLS, INC.

Friday, to Sperry Breakfast each a.m. Monday, Wednesday, on at 7:45 News KSLto build and improve the "family Listen

at Station the your through Friday. Bill Ring p.m. 1:00 and Monday Show on ABC

hour"in your home.

DECEMBER 1952 977 What Shall Children Read?

(Continued from page 900) for young folk at the same time that he opens the wonder in the material he treats. The Millicent Selsam books

(Play with Leaves and Flowers, Morrow & Company, and All About Eggs,

Young Scott Books) are real eyeopeners to the wonder of the world about us. Other authors whom

young people should know are Ingri and Edgar d'Aulaire (Macmillan and

Doubleday) whose books of famous people will provide a stimulus for achievement.

The Real Books constitute a series by different authors dealing with varied subjects. Some deal with baseball, some with famous men, and

some with pets. The Standard Publishing Company does a good job

with Biblical material in the cutout Seasofat Fswite and picture book style, the latest beOne of the nicest treats at this season is ing Stencils for Bible Stories.

Royal Fruit Cake. There is always adventure in selectHere is fruit cake just as delicious as ing new writers; for instance, Beverly you would make at home—full of choice Cleary who wrote Henry and Beezus

pecan nuts, raisins, citron, orange and should be introduced to eight to peel, glazed cherries and pinelemon twelveyear olds because of her deapple.

fruit lightful the during Enjoy it often—all

season. Fine Fruit Cake cake dren happy—andinsight into unhappy!what makesBookschilGet a Royal

next time you shop. Your grocer has it in on howto -do things should be given

one, two, three and five pound packages. children, since they should have the

exciting experience of learning to use

Ideal to serve to company—yet their hands. Pete's Puppets (Charinexpensive can enough that you lotte Steiner, Doubleday & Co.) often! serve it to the whole family

Child's Book of Knitting (Edith Jay,

Greenberg) will provide this kind of creative adventure.

Animals stories open a world of delightful understanding of creatures.

Some good current books dealing on animals are: Spike (Robert M.

Modern Morrow), Tales of McClung,

CarpenHeroes (Frances Fine Fruit Cake Horses and ter, Doubleday & Co.), Bronto (Hetty

Burlingame Beatty, Doubleday &

Royal Baking Company Salt Lake and Ogden Co.), My Bunny Book (Genevieve

Cross, Cross Publishers), Becky's

JOLLY TIME The Convenient, BoardingCharles Scribner'sHouse (EleanorSons), Thomas,Jenny's

FOR YOUR Appreciated Gift—Adopted Brothers (Esther Averill,

HOLIDAY FUN Harper & Bros.), Charlotte's Web

(E. Harper Bros.), B. White, A Trip J.LlY< Hartwell and ALWAYS POPS The to the Yard (Marjorie TIME POP CORN Richard Dixon), Birds and Their Improvement Nests (Olive L. Earle, Morrow & Co.),

Pinkie (Mary Octavia Davis, Steck).

FOR HEADQUARTERS anidealing with not strictly Era While IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA L.D.S. I For Christmas Schlein, Young (Miriam mals, Shapes

YE KINGS REST MOTEL For Weddings Scott Books), Rocks, Rivers, and the 52G 5TH STREET SOUTH B. Dr. Foutz, Harold Owner For friends—anytime Changing Earth (Herman and Nina

Edgar H. Foutz, Manager $2.50 a year Schneider, Young Scott Books), will

Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout enable the older young folk to ap978 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA predate the wonder of the world about them. Thanks to Trees and

Go with the Sun (Irma E. Webber,

Miriam Schlein, Young Books) as well as Follow the Sunset (Herman and Nina Schneider, Doubleday and

Co.) will provide the same kind of In the store..interest for young children. Who's

Upside Down (Crocket Johnson,Young Scott Books) gives the youngAt your door est of ones an understanding the Same top quality of gravity.force Book The Storm

(Charlotte Zolotow, Harper & Bros.) either way you buy

affords an opportunity to help children appreciate storms. Produced in the high

While some parents feel that books mountain valleys of for children are entirely too expenthe Wasatch mounforsive, we should like to indicate that tains—famous

books offer much more proportionrich, nutritious grasses ately than anything else one can buy. and cool mountain

They are things of the spirit, if wisestreams.

ly chosen, and can provide entertainment and educational advancement long after other material things have outlived their period of usefulness.... To belong to a family that cherHI-LAND

ishes and reads good books is a rare HOME DELIVERY DIV.

privilege for any child because he will OF HILAND DAIRYdevelop the reading habit which will Millbrook last as long as he draws breath. The 400

reader is the one who OF VITAMIN D 3-5724 MILKSdepression, IN BOTH tragedy, or loss—forcan survivehe UNITS

has learned the magic that lies in books and can rebuild his courage, his zest for living.

Remembered Fragrance

(Continued from page 893)girl should know how to keep house, ',/SHORTHAND and she had always helped Mama. NEW! (yfmezican IN 6 WEEKS "I'm hungry,"Susie whined. V FOLDING Free Demonstration Startled to Becky back the came

Speedwriting system. Famous Uses ABC's. No CHAIRS signs.present. symbols. machines. Thousands No No She found some graham

of civil Speedwriters service. in business and

of in themeal bottom a sack classes and begin twice or monthly. New Day

stirred it into hot water. She went evening. Low cost.

for potatoes to peel, but they were as affiliatedwith hard as rocks. The boys would have

to get some from the pit but not on HENAGER School a/ B*44eU a day like this. 45 EAST BROADWAY PHONS 4-7791

"Don't cry,"she soothed Danny, FORSUNDAYCHURCHESSCHOOLSAND Write for free booklet about Speedwriting.

who was coughing. Picking him up Over 8 million in use! Rugged tubular45HENAGEREast Broadway,SCHOOL SaltOF LakeBUSINESSCity, Utah

she carried him into the front room steel construction—3 seat styles: wood, Please send me a free copy of the Speedwriting steel, all for free extra lesson. booklet, with or upholstered, wide sample laid the couch.and Instanton him

Dept. comfort. Write 169 maximum Namely crying his buried hushed he and is for steel welded comfort, deepformed PANEL Address BACKinto rigidity. for frame with rolled bottom edge covers.nose the among City State Zone within above reinforcing frame bar HINGE SECTION

rod, hasto load. and below distribute hinge in brought milk, the Jim When against are of solid steel shouldered BRACES

of legs CROSSinside riveted, load. resist to... and moulded 'Unbreakablethere scarcely in the quarts two was

with leg are capped crimped around and STEEL GLIDES * glass. Lightto look like

durable, nonmarking shoes. rubber of bucket. thebottom Papa When free. Iiconoise weight,

handling Storage available quick, Trucks easy for height. Standard nninical.left, full. giving Spot the was bucket

She took a cup of the warm milk and csfmetican Seating Company OrderSPECIALfrom yourOFFE*dealer.

itcarried a few to Danny. He drank 2, Michigan Rapids Grand

Distributors Branch Offices and in Principal Cities Mailone SI.dozen00 forsenttrialpostpaid.lot ofswallows then refused more. and

(Continued on following page) 55 Sudbury St., Boston 14, Mass.

DECEMBER 1952 979 IllllUi REMEMBERED FRAGRANCE | NOW TRAVEL TO ANY CITY I IN THE WORLD BY AIR (Continued from preceding page) ing on it had turned the frost into "We need some hay off the stack,"a million sparkles.

Jim remarked as she reentered the "Santa could put our presents on kitchen. it."Bert tried to help.

"Can't you cut some?""No,"Jim said quickly, "they would

"'Course not. It is hard for Papa. freeze outside. Besides,"he drew a

Besides, he hid the hay knife so I long breath,"if the road doesn't get1 QUICKLYCHEAPLY-SAFELY couldn't use it."opened, he won't be able to get

= One way fares from "Then turn the stock into the here."

| SALT LAKE CITY to: stackyard and let them cut their "What good's a Christmas tree if

M Denver $28.05 own."we can't have presents on it?"Bert

M San Francisco $41.65 "Already did."demanded,touch it or "orsingif aroundwe can'tit?trimI wantit or

j= Los Angeles $43.25 Becky found some beans and put a real Christmas tree."

= New York City $129.25 them on to cook. They would not Becky stared at the crab apple tree.

== Mexico City $141.25 be done in time for dinner, but they It just wasn't fair. Little children

H Honolulu $204.80 could have them tonight. Danny had like Bert and Danny and Susie should

M London $546.25 quit coughing and was sleeping most have Christmas. But more than

g Rome $703.25 of the time. Christmas they should have a mother.

= Rio de Janeiro $512.85 Suddenly, sickeningly Becky realIf they had a mother, they wouldn't

!p (All fares subject to U.S. tax) ized it must be noon. She didn't want anything else, and if they didn't

H See us for air service anywhere know for sure, for their clock had get a mother, they wouldn't get anystopped long ago, but the sun was thing else anyway. Nothing but a

1 UNIVERSAL TRAVEL overhead. Her eyes ached from miracle would bring a mother now,

1 SERVICE, INC. watchingly they wouldover thebe hereglaringin snow.a few Suremin- soChristmas,she'd havebut towhat?do somethingIf only Mamaabout

Hotel SquareH Temple utes. were here to tell her! Just looking

City, Salt Lake Utah 1 Phone 5-6552 The few minutes lengthened into at the crab apple tree made her ache an hour, two hours. The sun was at its for Mama, for Mama had loved it

so. Grandma had sent it, a tiny warmest. Maybe—Maybe she should-

n't have set noon as the time. Maybe thing, and Mama had nourished it

she should have left the time up to with water and loving care. Every

Him. "An hour or two either way winter until now it had been wrapped

won't matter,"she conceded. against the frost. Mama's love for

"We have to have a Christmas it had something to do with weather tree,"Bert reminded her. The words and no fruit trees in the hills and

aroused Danny, and he started crying making the best of what you had.

at making the best. weakly. Becky sat down by him. Mama was good

She guessed he was awful sick. VagueMaybe if Heavenly Father saw?ee7fas'?ffaL*.. ly she wondered if she should give what a poor shift they were making

FOR... him some castor oil, but almost at'of Christmas, he would send them a

HOLIDAY TRIPS once her mind was on her larger mother after all! With the snow so

BUSINESS TRIPS problem. If the mother didn't come deep and soft a mother would have

VACATION TOURS fly angels to get only to here and didn't if she she was just iffing—but SHOPPING TRIPS

fly. 'Course, Father Heavenly could for have would they come what

local *Your Greyhound agent—who'll right bring one from down her could pain hit hard Christmas? A give tripplanning you complete

to but if heaven, was going he do forgotten them. asstomach. sistance, Papa had of schedules wide variety a

to choose from, explain stopover Heavenly Father had forgotten them. that, she wanted her own back. An

privileges, and quote the fcOWEST She looked up at Jim. He tried to earth miracle would be different. FARES. of all TRAVEL

to nearest the crab pine "We'll aphave have back. was The GO BY... smile

tree if any,"ple she told have the canyon. a mile more than They up we

couldn't have a Christmas tree. She them. "But something might happen

might make some candy for them if if we wait, so we will each put one GREYHOUND she could remember how. decoration on it now. But we have

"I know what,"Jim cried suddenly. to be bathed and cleaned up first."

"We'll have the crab apple tree for "Oh, heck,"Bert grumbled, "I our Christmas tree. It is already don't want a Christmas tree that

trimmed."bad."

The crab apple tree. Becky went "Why, Bert Holmquist. How can

to the window again. Snow was gone you talk that way."Being clean

from the tree, but ice had veneered was part of that—that "remembered

each crooked limb, and the sun shinfragrance"about Mama. It would

980 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA be pure insult to her to have a Christmas tree in their dirty clothes. "You

know any mother would have us clean up first."

Jim was looking at Danny. "I

don't think you had better let him go out."Desire and caution fought in Becky.

If Mama knew, she would want Danny in on what Christmas they had, but it wouldn't be wise to take him outside. She would have to think

about it. Sympathetically Susie went

to him and put her face against his.

She patted him with her little hands.

He cried harder and started coughing.

"Don't bother him."Taking Susie's

hand Becky led her into the kitchen."Jim, you bring in the washtub, and, Bert, you fill the wood

boxes. Susie, would you like to go Why the

in the bedroom and get the box ofdecorations?"INDIFFERENCE?

She had a time finding clean clothes When people buy feeds for their enough to go around. Seemed just poultry or livestock, they are

yesterday she had washed, but it must much concerned about its growth have been longer. and healthgiving qualities. On

Jim brought in the washtub and the other hand, they frequently put it close to the heater. He ranged forget the importance of these

chairs on three sides of it and draped values in the food they and their families eat.

quilts over the chairs. They kept in

the heat and served as a screen. Susie, WHEAT has been designated as

having special importance as a being the baby and least dirty, was food for man. Get your daily

bathed first. When Becky tried to supply by eating

wash her head, she screamed and fought the water. Danny would have ALL-O-WHEATnone of it. He cried weakly every

time she tried to lift him. In despair It is cereal.

she gave up. Likely the water

wouldn't be good for him, anyway.

Bert would have liked to protest, \lssUC40Udbut he knew better. Becky went in- [and is made from the finest

side the screen to wash his hair and whole wheat and contains ALL neck and ears. She warmed the the ENTIREthe wheatnutritionkernel.and goodness of

water a little for Jim, and since he THEN TOO—

was but a year and a half her junior, regular ALL-O-WHEAT users are she trusted him to do a good job on not laxative users.

himself. Once she peeked over thequilt. He was rubbing his head MAKERS ALL-O-WHEAT

vigorously, but it looked mighty dry. OGDEN, UTAH

"I have to get the chores done beMARCAL PAPER NAPKINS fore dark,"he warned.

Seemed like she didn't have the strength to argue with him. Besides, fat &UMf,

dark wasn't too far away. Dark! And

the road not open from Jensen's. SALT LAKE COSTUME CO.

"Try and get Danny to eat while 248 So. Main St., Salt Lake City - Dial 3-1031

I bathe."She watched Jim head for

the kitchen, then she undressed quickDRINK HOTEL LANKERSHIM ly and got into the tub. Ugh. The 7th & BROADWAY

WITH BATHwater ROOMS colder was than she had ficqo Single Double $5.00 $3.50 From—A delightfulthought. she While bathing was ir>> Dining Supper Rooms and for those New hot beverage

there came a clatter from the kitchen who don't drink coffee. IN THE VERY HEART OF

(Continued on following page) AT YOUR GROCERS LOS ANGELES

DECEMBER 1952 981 WHAT'SRecords for the L.D.S.NEW?Home! (Continued from precedingREMEMBEREDpage) FRAGRANCEBert would have protested, but a

THE STORY OF NEPHI Trust Bert. She hurried, and back tap on the shoulder from Jim silenced

Players) M.I.A. the (Featuring in the kitchen found Bert dropping him. Jim knew a situation when he

the Book of Mormon Adapted from and dramatized by beans to the cat. faced one.

Clark Fox Luacine semiflex records 78 rpm—$3.75 After endless urging she had them "Dear Heavenly Father in heavTwo 12"

FOUR NEW RELEASES at the front door. Each carried one en,"Becky began, "we bow our knees

JESSIE EVANS SMITH of the precious baubles Mama had—we can't really but you know why

Darley, Accompanist Roy records semiflex 78 rpm—each $1.16 saved so carefully. Wordlessly she—to thank you for all our blessings Two 10"

Choir Angelic fastened a hood over Susie's wet hair, and to ask—to ask a special blessChorus M.I.A. Youth with That Sweet Story of Old then she took a long scarf that had ing for Christmas—."Then Becky

Solo been her mother's and started wrapcouldn't go on. Their great need

SECOND RECORD In the Luxembourg Gardens ping it around her own hair. Oh, and the possibility of a refusal welled

all her. inside of She thought up forgotten had to wash it. Mama Four Ducks SoloOn a Pond she

things the she should Solo and have done that. excuse never Tears would

KING OF GLORY trickled from her eyes. Why couldn't hadn't. She thought of Mama's sweetHath Clean (He That Hands) she do things and not forget! ness and her own stiffnecked deJESSIE EVANS SMITH

"Please,"she pleaded, mands. and Choir Tabernacle With tears the her Seeing sobered. group

12"semiflex record 78 rpm—$1.31 lost its ritualistic voice tone lips Susie's in puckered, an inher and OF SONGS BOOK MY PICTURE

cleverly stant she was going to cry. Bert she was really pleading. "We can't go these 19 Children love

dramatized Three 10"records in album—nowtunes $3.25 looked as if he might join her. Becky on like this any longer. The cow is

At your dealer or direct from saw, and it seemed that all the troudrying up, and Papa should have ble in the world was right on her been home long ago. If you have shoulders. Then just as plain as to send us a mother from heaven—

anything Mama was standing right she gulped and stopped. A sob rose

beside her, and just as plain as anyin her throat. She didn't want one

thing she heard Mama say, "Don't from heaven—but—His will be done. worry, Darling. It's what is in your "—We won't kick."She paused and

INC. RECORDING ARTS,

19 Lake City, West So. Temple, Salt Utah heart that counts."But what had breathed deeply, then continued, "I

35c postage Add I customers add Utah for all2%mailsalesorderstax been in her heart? Contrariness didn't wash my hair on purpose.

dead set on having her own way. was in such a stew I forgot. Name

She hadn't even said 5 "Thy will."of Jesus. Amen."

But this time she had to have her Three positive "Aniens"followed will. hers, but before Bert's had entirely

Without more words they stepped left his lips he was back at the door.

Clwfefwas is off into the snow and struggled toJim followed with Susie. Becky linward the crab apple tree. Susie had gered. "Please,"she began, and then

-rfvftgliW to be carried, and with a damp head she knew she needn't say any more... no finer gift she was shaking with the cold by words. He knew just as Mama had

than a Bible, the time Jim had stamped a level place always known. A soft warmth flowed

no finer Bible in the snow for her. Since he was through her like she had on a fur

than National the tallest, he took the decorations coat and a sweetness like when she and hung them, one by one, on the got her big doll wrapped about her.

tree. If they were pretty much on "Thank you,"she whispered.

Reference Bibles one side, no one would notice it. Becky came awake with a start.

for Teachers and And the angel would fall sideways. The moon shining through the winStudents Advanced

King James text The others were so interested in his dows gave her a hazy glimpse of the 254X. Traditional

printed paper. Thousandsin bold faceof typecenteronreferences;fine India struggle they almost forgot how cold room. Something was different.

atlas. and encyclopedic wordbook they were. Danny. She had left him on the

tradior covers in color Flexible leather tional black. "Now, let's sing,"Becky urged, couch meaning to listen for him. In25 IX. Genuine morocco, full leather when the hanging was done, "then stead she had slept like she was dead. lining.

Also see the we won't have to come out tomorOn bare feet she hurried to the door

National Testaments row."of the front room and opened it noiseher leading they sang "Oh, With billessly. of the room The warmth

"SiAsk for Little of Bethlehem"and Town soft clud. a her like lowed about

national pj Bibles lent Night."They huddled close The faint glow from the open damper

at your bookstore together, their childish voices filled

BELOVED KING JAMES VERSION with hope and faith. When the last of the stove made dancing shadows

strain of "Silent Night"died away, in the room. Feeling her way careBert started for the house. fully she went to the couch where

ing, but she guessed it was too late Read TRUTH "That's"Wait a enough,"minute."he Beckyannounced.stopped she had left Danny. It wasn't mornprayers right now."must be His will that she take care NOT TRASH him. "Let's say our Christmas Eve to have her prayer answered. It

982 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of her little brother. She breathed

deeply.

It was too quiet. She couldn'thear Danny breathing. Maybe—her MINER

heart thumped with fear. She forced

her hand to go where his face shouldbe. Oh, thank goodness, he was MlKE says.00

there, and his face was not hot. He

was breathing quietly like he was "Anything that hurts Utah's mining well. industry hurts everyone in Utah.

suddenly She straightened, wonin- benefits That's because everyone when the fire?dering. up the had kept Who

cripple is successful. dustry costs might Rising with rubbed had DannyWho

"camphorated"oil? Slowly she looked our mines. And rising costs can mean most

. including taxes. Boost taxes outabout and her eyes saw what at first anything..

of sight, and the benefits we enjoy from minshe had not been able to see—Papa's

overshoes by the fire and some newer ing will disappear too."

smaller ones beside them. The quilt

she'd had over was gone Danny and UTAH MINING ASSOCIATION soft blanket.in its place was a And

and the stockings hanging—she

whirled to face the door leading to the front bedroom. Someone was

standing there—she couldn't—it

couldn't—oh, no, oh

"Aunt Janie,"Becky threw herself into the arms of the woman who knelt to catch her. "Oh, Aunt Janie.

Aunt"Sh—sh.Janie."We must not wake the

others."Aunt Janie put a finger

over the girl's trembling lips.

"Aunt Janie. I thought it was

Mama. You look so much like her."

"I am your Mama now, dear."

"Oh, Aunt Janie. I didn't even

think to ask for you. I thought after

Grandma died you would keep on teaching school forever. I thought

you didn't like it up here."

There was a- movement behind them and a beloved voice said, "Better get to bed, Punkin. You might

scare Santa away."

After'a big hug and kiss from

When You Open YourPapa, Becky crept through her own SAVINGS ACCOUNT or moredoor and closed it quietly behind her, with $50.00 and you will receivethen she dashed over the icy floor to PROTECTION FREE your lovely Schaeffer Fineline pen

set. pencil and HAZARD ANY Susie. besidesnuggle her AGAINST She had Accounts in any Savings amount $1 to that's insurable Anything can be all miracle,earth the "rewith and $25,000.

.. insured through. and KOLOB

continuous of operation. years 33 life of fragrance"membered with will KOLOB everywhere AGENTS

Mama. give you onthe-spot service. PoliCURRENT *>q/ Per

written cies are through strong DIVIDEND J /0 Annum.. stock. claim service companies

is always prompt and fair. Contact your local KOLOB AGENT Utah Savings

today. and Loan Association Kolob is a general insurPROVO, UTAH >fk ance agency with 300 D. Spencer Grow, President

serving Utah, agents Idaho, Montana NeMAIL HANDY COUPON and vada. Send your check or money order to

FRANK SALISBURY, MGR. Utah Savings, 172 West Center Street,

Provo, Utah and your savings pass book and pen set will be mailed to you immediately.

(Name Address I 330 Judge Bldg., Salt Lake City I City———Zone...State——————*|

DECEMBER 1952 983 m&#& &WL S m&&&#*#*

I am grateful also for the articles by Rex A. Skidmore espeBrigham Young University is desirous of obtaining the ciallystrengthenthis lastthe teachingsone. Theofideasparents.of such a leader and educator

of addresses in former current and names students now all especially of entire apprethe Era. enjoys family Our We

servicemen's Branch Their the service. comCampus is filled gratitude heart for all covers. the ciate with we My

letter pledge mittee deof encouragement, a monthly publication. receive from our Church

scribing school activities and religious happenings on Sincerely, together with issues of the campus, the Brigham Young /s/ Mabel Law Atkinson like university also newspaper. Universe, would They

the name and address of the parents of such service personnel. Write to:

Servicemen's Coordinator Box 2, B. Y. U. Station 1

Provo, Utah

Dayton, Idaho Dear Editors:

T Tow** sing!well I I wasrememberonly thirteen.when I firstIt washeardin Emmathe tabernacleLucy Gatesat n0 *". -; fJWpM Logan—a lyceum number for the college. I went with my Tjjkji'SBp

sisterHow Iwholongedwas toattendingsing! Forcollege.weeks Aandnewmonthsworld I openedused totopracme. BP*2$llf >|3H

tise out in the barn so no one would hear me—trying to get hj\7*B0E5

the ringingclear did as voice hers sound to have she sang my

I've tried High."in the the tFr&krL '"flfci to put Mountains one poem "O Ye

way I felt within me.

I must express my gratitude for the strength and hope and last article I refer faith this giving me. to the added Era is -!ip

It Clark. (August our sons Era) need is what by President (my -"-"-ldSTl

own returned missionary takes his servicemen's physical August 6) and our daughters and what we as parents need. I have read KRUH7FEIF ESS

and reread it, and it brings healing to my torn soul. How

good that we can be given such truths by our prophets!

-e- "ONEHUNDRED PERCENT"GIRLS

One hundred seventynine M.I.A. girls in Sevier (Utah) Stake out of 293 girls qualify for individual awards

in 1952.

Fortyeight received gold or silver seals on their certificates, meaning that they had one hundred percent attendance at sacrament meeting, Sunday School and M.I.A. for one year.

Each one observed the word of wisdom, paid a full tithing, participated in a welfare project, gave a spiritual talk in a Church meeting, and participated in some Church activity. $

Myrna Carol Larson and Karla Chidester have had one hundred percent records for the past five and onehalf years. Other girls in the picture have had one hundred percent records for the past four years, some three years,

others two years and for some this is their first year.

We congratulate the girls for their fine record and hope they will continue to achieve from year to year and be true examples of the believers.

Sevier Stake Executives—Lula B. Carson, Elaine Nielson, Hazel Moss, Cleo Holt, Carol Bulow. In addition

to the girls in the picture, six other girls qualified.

984 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. V

inWhen\buth can Grow is Secure.. 1 he rutureCharacter.

More than any time in history, the destiny of tomorrow is linked with the youth of today.

With a full realization of this, the new church spires that dot our mountain valleys have been planned to be a welcome symbol to our youth... offering a place of recreation as

well as worship... a place to grow in

spiritual, mental and physical stature.

As long as leadership is so keenly aware of the needs of our youth... as long as it so

willingly encourages the ideals that build character, honesty and integrity..—a inr.-:.

the future is secure.

Manufacturers of Brick, Sewer Pipe, Drain Tile

INTERSTATE BRICK CO

3100 SOUTH 11th EAST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH ooaJkinqSs

he simple faith and sincere prayer of a small child exemplify the true spirit of Christmas at its best.. just as Tiny Tim's Christmas prayer expresses

best our wish for you: "God bless us, every one."

Beneficial Life Insurance Company

David O. McKay, Pres. Salt Lake City - Utah

Over One Quarter Billion Dollars of Life Insurance in Force