IL UC US H aWSEN MANTUA UT Reduced Round Trip AllYear-Tourist Fares From SALT LAKE CITY AJ>fD OGDEN To Los Angeles $P*r)50 VIA San Francisco 52 Proportionately reduced fares from all other points

On sale daily Return limit 9 months from date of sale

Stopovers allowed all intermediate points on SOUTHERN

PACIFIC LINES going and returning

For full information call or 'phone

P. BANCROFT, General Agent

41 South Main Street Wasatch 3008 Wasatch 3078

Latterday Saints Garments APPROVED CORRECT PATTERN Prepaid Parcel Post to any part of the United State* If paid In advance, 20c. extra on each garment to Canada or Mexico.

These approved Temple Garments are knitted and made right here In ear own Utah factory, to your special order and measurements. Lowest

prices on market. Mail your order to ns now and say yon saw it In the

"Improvement Era."If order Is C. O. D. yon pay the postage.

LOOK FOR THE APPROVED LABEL Ilf EVERY GARMENT

No. Price 4 Light Summer weight bleached $1.40

11 Light weight cotton 1.60

20 Light weight cotton bleaehed 1.75

60 Medium weight cotton 1.75

22 Medium weight cotton bleached 2.00

00 Heavy weight cotton unbleached 2.25

24 Heavy weight cotton bleached 2.50

50 Extra white double bleached, mercerised 3.00

10 Medium weight wool mixture 3.00

16 Heavy weight wool mixture 4.00

70 Snow white sUkalene 8.40

18 All Marino wool 5.50

Sizes from 22 to 44 bust, 52 to 64 lengths, as desired. Longer than 64

Inches or over 44 In. bust, each sixe 20c. extra. Garments with double

backs 25c. extra per suit. We will make any size desired.

Measure bust around body under arms; length from center on top of

shoulder down to Inside of ankle. Orders for less than two garments not

accepted.

If "Modified Style,"short sleeves, low neck, buttons etc. Is wanted, so state

'andMODELadd 25c per suit to aboveKNITTINGprices, or regular Garment WORKSwill be sent to yon. FRANKLIN CHRISTIANSON, Manager

657 Iverson St Salt Lake City, Utah. Phone Hy. 616

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISER PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

G/4pril

April, with your tears and laughter,

Weeping now, to smile soon after;

April, you are dear to me, With your heartfelt sympathy.

How I love your gentle seeming!

Yours no mind for placid dreaming;

Deep emotion is your part, Tender, like a human heart.

Tears for WinterStorm-King's passing,

Smiles for Springtime's bloom amassing,

Sighs for mistcold morning's dawn,

Thrills for roseate evening's balm.

May I, thy sweet impulse heeding,

Lend myself to human needing?

Never be ashamed to give Tears or smiles whilst heartcares live!

Tridell, Utah ALICE MORRILL u

Photo by O. J. Grimes

FREMONT RIVER, NEAR FRUITA, UTAH

'But he looked into her eyes, and the far off tumble, rumble, tumble of the river spoke to him."See story, "Still Voices,"page 520 in this number.

Improvement Era

Vol. XXVIII APRIL, 1925 No. 6

FAITH IN THE LIVING GOD

Beware of a Lack of Faith in the Ways of the Lord* By President Anthony W. Ivins

"Thus saith the Lord, Stand ye in the ways, and see. and ask for the old

paths, where is the good way. and walk therein, and ye shall find rest for your

souls. But they said. We will not walk therein.

"Also I set watchmen over you, saying, Hearken to the sound of the trumpet.

Rut they said. We will not hearken.

"Therefore hear, ye nations, and know, O congregation, what is among them.

"Hear, O earth; behold, I will bring evil upon this people, even the fruit

of their thoughts, because they have not hearkened unto my words, nor to my law, but rejected it."—Jer. 6:1619.

My brethren and sisters, I stand before you, awed in the presence of this great congregation of Latterday Saints, and in the presence of God, our Father who. I know is here by his Spirit. I feel dependent upon him, dependent upon you, and the exercise of your faith

in my behalf, to help me during the few moments of time which I expect to occupy.

The Path of the Lord The way, or path, to which the scripture which I have read refers, is the path, or road, in which the Lord desires, and has always desired, that his people shall walk.

The Trails and Paths of Men Roads made by men thread the world. They have many beginnings, and some of them intricate and devious winding before the

end is reached. Some of them are broad and easy to follow, and

*An address before the Ninetyfifth Semiannual Conference, Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints, Oct. 5, 1924.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter.

Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of October i, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918, $2 per annum.

Address Room 406, Church Office Building, Salt Lake City, Utah.

,500 IMPROVEMENT ERA

converge into other like roads, along which multitudes constantly travel, multitudes who appear to be striving for the same objective, a destination which the history of the past shows but few reach. In the beginning these roads were mere trails. Men knew the direction in which

they wished to travel, the destination which they desired to reach, but no one had traveled the road before them, no trail had been blazed, there were no markers to follow, and they went blindly on, often to disaster, and sometimes to death.

In their effort to reach the Pacific coast, less than one hundred years ago, people perished from thirst, when there was water in abundance near. No one had been over the road before them, and

they perished in the deserts of sand, because there was no track to follow.

Today no man would attempt to reach Utah from Santa Fe by the route traveled by Cardenas more than three hundred years ago, we have learned that the Grand Canyon of the Colorado interposes an insurmountable barrier, a barrier which cannot be crossed, but know that there are other trails which make the passage of the great canyon and river possible. No party of travelers would attempt to

reach the Pacific Coast by the route followed by the company of emigrants who perished in Death Valley, in 1849.

The impassable barriers, and relentless death traps have become known, the roads and trails have been charted, and the wayfarer, knowing his danger avoids them.

The roads built by man are constructed to satisfy the demands of his environment. Over them he carries his commerce, they bring

into close relationship remote communities and add greatly to his pleasure, convenience and comfort. They have become so well defined that they may be traveled with perfect safety and confidence,

for from the starting point to our destination the way is plainly marked, though it take us to the other side of the world.

One Road Which Men have not Desired to Follow

There is one road which the great majority of mankind have never, as yet, cared to follow, notwithstanding the fact that the destination to which it leads is more desirable than any other. Since the

earliest period of the existence of man, so far as we have record of his existence, the way has been plainly marked, and the destination to which the road leads well understood, but men have said, we will not walk therein.

Since the beginning of time, as we count it, men have shown by their works, that from the influences and teachings of the remote past, the conviction has prevailed that birth into this life is not the beginning of the existence of man, nor is death the end of it. The

people of the world, whether civilized or savage, so far as my personal observation and study enable me to judge, have always found

FAITH IN THE LIVING GOD 501

some outward means of expression, by which their faith in the invisible is shown. It may be by worship of the forces of nature, the sun,

the moon or stars, or they may bow down to images of wood, or stone or gold. In whatever form, this worship is but the expression of faith

in the intangible forces in which man believes, and to which he acknowledges his debt of allegiance and service.

Perpetuity of Peoples and Government Dependent on Religious Faith I know of no great nation of antiquity which did not have, in connection with its system of civil government, a code of ethics which embraced in its doctrines, and had for its purpose, the ends which we moderns seek in the various forms of religion which we believe in and practice. The perpetuity of the various forms of government

which prevailed was dependent, as all governments are, entirely upon the ethical, or religious faith and practice of the people, for, if we are to judge by the history of the past, without the higher ideals of ethical life, applied in the administration of civil affairs, no nation can long survive.

The earth on which we dwell was designed by the Creator to be the home of man; and, for the benefit and blessing of his children,

the Lord plainly marked the path, or way in which they should travel.

He taught them that, being the Former of the universe, and Father of the spirits of all men, holding dominion over the earth, and all that pertains to it, that we, in appreciation of the blessings which we enjoy, should acknowledge our obligation to the Giver, by obedience to his will and reverence to his laws.

We know that our sojourn in this life is but transitory, that we must pass from mortality, and the Lord has taught us that by observance of certain simple laws which he has given, or by traveling in the road which he has marked out, we may find our way back into his presence, where, if our conduct in mortality justifies, we will be crowned with glory, immortality, and eternal life.

We have but limited knowledge of the handdealing of the Lord with the antediluvian people, but sufficient is preserved to show that notwithstanding the fact that he sent prophets among them, who warned them of the judgments to come, because of their transgression, they refused to listen, the result being that when the flood came they perished in their sins.

One would suppose that the dreadful experience through which these people passed would have been sufficient to have impressed the sons of Noah, who were among the survivors, that they never would have forgotten, but it was but a short time after they became established on the banks of the Euphrates and Tigris when they had so far forgotten their obligation to the Lord, their Father and deliverer, that in 502 IMPROVEMENT ERA

his anger he confounded their language and scattered them abroad on the face of the earth.

A Great Event, and a Mighty Purpose Foretold

It was at this time that an event occurred which was of great importance to us, we people who are permitted to live in this the greatest dispensation of the history of the world, in this land which is choice above all other lands. Foreseeing that the people of Babylon

and Nineveh would not repent of their wickedness, and return to his service, the Lord took a small company from the great tower which was in course of construction, and under the leadership of inspired men brought them to this land which we now occupy.

That knowledge of the redemption which was to come to the human family through the infinite atonement which would be made by

Jesus Christ was possessed from the beginning by the people of the world is plainly shown by the scripture, and is particularly emphasized in the revelations which have come to the Church in our day. In order that

this great truth might not be lost sight of, the Lord has, at various times, and in divers places, manifested to his servants, either by dream or vision, or by personal appearance, the importance and indispensable necessity of faith in it. It naturally followed that with

the renewal of the old covenant, with the small body of people, whom he designed to bring to a new world, he should again make clear to them this great truth, by which their lives were to be governed, either for their blessing or condemnation, and this hz did to the brother of

Jared, under the following circumstances:

The Great Truth Made Clear by Revelation

While engaged in prayer the voice of the Lord came to him, as follows:

"Believest thou the words which I shall speak?

"And he answered: Yea. Lord, I know that thou speakest the truth, for

thou art a God of truth, and canst not lie.

"And when he had spoken these words, behold the Lord showed himself to him, and said: Because thou knowest these things thou art redeemed from the

fall; therefore ye are brought back into my presence; therefore I show myself unto

you. Behold I am he who was prepared from the foundation of the world to

redeem my people. Behold, I am Jesus Christ. In me shall all mankind havt

light, and that eternally, even they who shall believe on my name: and they shall

become my sons and daughters.

"And never have I showed myself unto man whom I have created, for never has man believed in me as thou hast. Seest thou that ye are created after mine own

image? Yea, even all men were created in the biginning after mine own image.

"Behold, this body, which you now behold, is the body of my spirit; and

man have I created after the body of my spirit; and even as I appear to thee

to be in the spirit will I appear unto my people in the flesh."

Results of an Ancient Warning Unheeded

By this we see, my brethren and sisters, that more than two

FAITH IN THE LIVING GOD 503

thousand years before he manifested himself in the flesh Christ showed himself to this man, that a witness might be had among the people of his existence and future ministry among men. Before this people

reached the American continent the Lord warned them of the consequence of disobedience, and made known the conditions upon which they were dependent, either for success or failure, after their arrival here. Let me read:

"And the Lord would not suffer that they should stop beyond the sea in the wilderness, but he would that they should come forth, even unto the land of promise, which was choice above all other lands, which the Lord God had preserved for a righteous people.

"And he had sworn in his wrath unto the brother of Jared, that whoso should possess this land of promise, from that time henceforth and forever, should serve him, the true and only God, or they should be swept off when the fulness of his wrath should come upon them.

"And now, we can behold the decrees of God concerning this land that it is a land of promise; and whatsoever nation shall possess it shall serve God, or they shall

be swept off when the fulness of his wrath shall come upon them. And the fulness

of his wrath cometh upon them when they are ripened in iniquity.

"For behold, this is a land which is choice above all other lands; wherefore

he that does possess it shall serve God or shall be swept off; for it is the everlasting

decree of God. And it is not until the fulness of iniquity among the children of the

land, that they are swept off.

"And this cometh to you, O ye Gentiles, that ye may know the decrees of God, that ye may repent, and not continue in your iniquities until the fulness come, that ye may not bring down the fulness of the wrath of God upon you as the inhabitants of the land have hitherto done.

"Behold, this is a choice land, and whatsoever nation shall possess it shall be free from bondage, and from captivity, and from all other nations under heaven, if they will but serve the God of the land, who is Jesus Christ."

It is sufficient at this time to state that, notwithstanding this admonition, and the many manifestations of the power and mercy of the

Lord, which were had among them, the Jaredites refused to walk in the way that the Lord had marked out, went into Transgression, and finally, through war and contention, ceased to exist as a nation.

More than one thousand years after the Jaredites were led away from the tower of Babel, the Lord again brought a small colony of people from the old world, this time from Jerusalem, and established them in America, a people known, and referred to in the records which they kept, as the Nephites.

To them the Lord repeated the promise which he had made to the

Jaredites: He would lead them to a choice land, which should be

their inheritance, and great prosperity would attend them on one condition, namely, that they should be devoted to the God of the land, who is Jesus Christ. The doctrine of the atonement was revealed to

them, and after his resurrection the Redeemer appeared, and organized his Church among them. For two hundred years after the organization

of the Church, the Nephite people enjoyed a great degree of peace, prosperity and happiness, but like the Jaredites before them, they refused to walk in the old paths, and when the prophets, whom the Lord 504 IMPROVEMENT ERA

raised up, warned them that the road in which they were traveling would lead to disaster, and that the way of the Lord was so plainly marked that a wayfarer, though a fool, need not err, they said, We will not walk therein. When the watchmen said, Hear the sound of

the trumpet, which calls you back to the old way, they said, We will not listen. Disobedience resulted, as it always has, in loss of the birthright which the Lord had given them, and the destruction of another

nation which might, if obedient, have continued until the present.

Modern Discovery of America This brings us to another epoch, or dispensation, of greater importance to us, to the world at large, than any which has preceded it. Another period of one thousand years had elapsed. When the

Lord inspired Columbus to sail away from Spain, ana directed him to the shores of the New World, the first step had been taken in the opening of the greatest gospel dispensation which the world has ever known, a dispensation looked forward to by the prophets of old, in which the Lord said that he would consummate his work, and prune his vineyard for the last time, when the wheat was to be garnered, and the tares bound in bundles, and burned.

By natural means, as the Lord always operates for the accomplishment of his purposes, means so simple that the thoughtless and unbelieving do not see the manifestation of his power, he brought the

Puritans from the old world to New England, the Dutch to New York, the English Cavaliers to Virginia, and the French to New Orleans, a combination of races which, paradoxical as it may appear, was just calculated to give us the composite America that made the United

States of America what it is, the greatest nation of the world today.

Inspired men have been raised up who have given us our form of government, and the code of laws by which we are controlled, the best ever evolved by man, so far as we are able to judge. The Lord

has strengthened the arms of the patriots who have defended us against the assaults of all those who have come up against us, and delivered us until today, from those who would have torn us asunder. Against

all opposition, I sometimes think almost against ourselves, the Lord has brought us to our present condition, until this nation, like a city set on a hill, has become the light of the world.

1 Are We to Profit by Past Experiences!

I have gone hastily over the history of the past, which brings us to the present, to us the most important period of the world's history, because it is our day, the day in which the conduct of the world affairs, with which we are directly associated has been entrusted to us, when we are to prove whether or not we are to benefit by the experiences of the past, avoiding the pitfalls into which our predecessors have fallen, and profiting by the markers which they have placed along the road

FAITH IN THE LIVING GOD 505

which leads to happiness and success, while we avoid those which the experience of the past teach us inevitably lead to disappointment and failure.

All Institutions and Interests Dependent on the Stability of Government The welfare of the Church, and every other interest and institution of our country, is dependent upon the stability of our civil government, by which our every interest is controled. There is nothing which we

call our own, not even our lives, which is not subject to its demands.

However much we may resist or say we will not, it compels submission.

Our government can be no better than its citizenship, since the men who frame and execute the laws are chosen from among the body of the people, and consequently reflect the character of the majority of the electorate.

It is Time We Take Note of the Signboards of History

Has the time come when it is worth while that we pause and carefully examine ourselves, when we should take note of the sign boards which history has placed along the road which we are traveling?

Is it worth while to inquire whither this road leads? To listen to the

pleadings of those who have gone over it before, and know the death traps which are scattered all along the way, or shall we go blindly on ignoring the experiences of the past, until chaos shall come to us as it has come to those who have occupied this choice land before?

I have gone back over the road which leads to Babylon and

Nineveh, to Thebes and Memphis, to Tyre and Sidon, to Greece and

Rome, and all along the way have seen these words of warning blazed in the treetrunks, and cut into the face of the of lack rocks—Beware

of faith in a living God. Beware of selfishness, of personal ambition,

of pride, of love of power and dominion, of disregard for the honor of men, and the virtue of women, for the end of this road is disappointment and death.

I believe that every soul present desires the perpetuity of our government. It would be a source of sorrow to know that there'is

a person here who is not willing to give his all that this desired end may be achieved. If this is to be accomplished we must avoid the

road which those who have gone before have followed. I fear, as I

contemplate our present condition, that some of the paths in which we are walking, if we continue to follow them, will lead us into the broad road from which few turn back, once they have entered into it.

Our Neglects and Serious Transgressions

Our reverence toward our Father and God is not manifested in our lives as it should be. Instead of honoring his holy name, as we should,

506 IMPROVEMENT ERA

we openly and unblushingly profane it, notwithstanding the fact that he has told us that we should not take his name in vain, and that he who does so will not be found guiltless.

We are told that only the simple minded and uninformed believe in or prcatice the doctrine of prayer, and this worldold command of the Lord, this principle which opens the gates of heaven, and brings us into communion with the Father, through his Only Begotten Son, has been almost entirely eliminated from the American home, and is no longer regarded as a necessary, or even proper part of our public school system.

We loudly acclaim our devotion to, and love for American ideals, and pose as patriotic, lawabiding citizens, while the very men who enact our laws, and are appointed to enforce them, too often violate the law, and the trust reposed in them, as if they were exempt from that which they require others to obey. Our trusted agents who

have the management of our public affairs, too often prove themselves to be rogues and swindlers by uniting with the men whom they profess to detect and prosecute, to rob us of that which they are employed to protect.

Men, profound in their knowledge of the law, too often use their great learning, not to uphold and magnify the law, but to pervert it, and find means by which we may avoid its just requirements. Self

confessed criminals, guilty of the most heinous crimes, premeditated in their execution, are turned loose upon defenseless, lawabiding communities, to continue their criminal practices upon those whom the law is designed to protect.

In These Transgressions We Are Traveling the Blazed

Trails to Death We are rapidly converting the Sabbath day, which should be observed as a day of rest and devotion, into one of pleasure, rather than worship. Are we becoming lovers of pleasure, rather than lovers

of God? If so, we are traveling in one of those blazed trails which

lead to death, rather than life.

God Has Revealed His Way; Will We Walk Therein?

I bear this witness: That in the age in which we live the Lord has

again revealed himself to man. He has again marked the road in

which we should walk. It is the old way, and the voice of the prophets of the Lord has been heard calling upon the people to walk in

it for nearly one hundred years. The sound of the trumpet has been

heard, but men have said, We will not walk in the road marked out, neither will we listen to the sound of the trumpet which calls us back from the broad road which we are following.

FAITH IN THE LIVING GOD 507

God's Path. Decree and Will Revealed. Will the People Hearken?

The decree of the Almighty regarding this land is in force today, as it was in the days of the Jaredites, and the Nephites. It is an everlasting decree, and we, as other peoples who have occupied this choice

land, must be governed by it or suffer the consequence. Let me conclude my remarks by reading briefly from the Book of Mormon.

This is the scripture of the American continent, the destiny of this land is outlined in it as in no other book. The road, or way, is plainly

marked, no one need err who will follow the blazed trail. It is a

straight and narrow way, but easy to follow, notwithstanding the many cross roads which intercept it. All of the danger points have

been charted, and the way of safety plainly shown.

The man who sealed up this record, and through whom it came to us, said:

if the day cometh "And now I speak unto all the ends of the earth—that

that the power and gifts of God shall be done away among you, it shall be because of unbelief. "And wo be unto the children of men if this be the case. * * * I exhort

you to remember these things; for the time speedily cometh that ye shall know that

I lie not, for ye shall see me at the bar of God: And the Lord God will say unto

you: Did I not declare my words unto you, which were written by this man, like as

one crying from the dead, yea, even as one speaking out of the dust? * * *

And God shall show unto you, that which I have written is true.

"And again I would exhort you that you would come unto Christ, and lay hold upon every good gift, and touch not the evil gift, nor the unclean thing. * * *

"And now I bid you all farewell. I soon go to rest in the paradise of God,

until my spirit and body shall again reunite, and I am brought forth triumphant through the air, to meet you before the pleasing bar of the great Jehovah, the

Eternal Judge of both quick and dead. Amen."

The Reason

There's a baby reaching blindly

For a Mother's warm embrace;

There's a husband kneeling dumbly

By the side of a still, white face.

There's a broken heart and a broken home,

A place that can not be filled;

A life f anguish and longing For a voice forever stilled.

Is God unmindful of things like these?

Doesn't he know or care?

Yes; but can Heaven be Heaven

Without there are Mothers there!

Shelley, Idaho. AGNES JUST REID.

THE HERITAGE AND PROMISE By John Henry Evans Author of "One Hundred Years of Mormonism"

Part II

III

"Mormonism"has always taught the Gospel of Work. Its

revelations, its sermons, and its documents generally are full of condemnation for the idler and of promises for the man who gives honest toil. And these teachings have been consistently backed up in practice.

"An idle brain,"says the old adage, "is the devil's workshop."

Certainly it is fruitful of great mischief in boy and man, in girl and woman. Activity is man's, as it is nature's, normal condition, activity

of both mind and body, and when profitable and honorable work is denied him his restless brain and muscle will find an outlet in evil.

Idleness is especially demoralizing when it is accompanied with wealth.

Absence of compelling motives to industry in the world's leisure "unworking aristocracy"of which Carlyle speaks, a classclass—the

of men that think themselves entitled to "live sumptuously on the marrow of the earth"without doing anything at all in return—has

generally proved degenerating. Idleness leads to parasitism, a living

permanently on the fruits of others'toil, a bloodsucking sort of life, of which a man made in the image of God should be ashamed. It is

almost always attended by certain lying, sometimes crimes—theft,

murder. Its general accompaniment is poverty, distress, ignorance.

More than any other one thing else it is responsible for ignorance and crime. In the long run, both in the community and the individual, it spells death.

Honorable work, on the other hand, is one of the most wholesome, upbuilding influences that can come into one's life. In work,

says the sage of Chelsea, "there is a perennial nobleness, even sacredness.

Were he never so benighted, forgetful of his high calling, there is hope in a man that actually and earnestly works. The desire to get

work done will itself lead one more and more to truth. A man

perfects himself by working. Foul jungles are cleared away, fair

seedfields rise instead, and stately cities; and withal the man himself

ceases to be a jungle and foul, unwholesome desert thereby. Consider how, even in the meanest sort of labor, the whole soul of man is

composed into a kind of harmony, the instant he sets himself to work!"

Just as idleness is death, so labor is life. Without labor there is no

worthy life. "All work of man is as the swimmer's. A waste

ocean threatens to devour him. If he front it not bravely, it will keep

its word. But incessant, wise defiance of it, lusty rebuke and buffet

THE HERITAGE AND PROMISE 509

of it, behold how loyally it supports him, bears him as its conqueror along."Nothing in the civilized life that can be called worthy but

has come through work of hand or brain. And this can easily be lost

through idleness, just as a garden or field, neglected, goes to weeds.

No higher tribute can be paid a community than to say that every adult is at work on a job for which he is best fitted and for which he receives all he earns. And this ideal would go farther than any other

one thing to bring man to the happiness that we have come to associate with the Millennium.

Work, physical and mental and social, is a cardinal principle of the "Mormon"Church.

Not only is "the laborer worthy of his hire,"but "he that is idle shall not eat the bread nor wear the garments of the laborer."

This fundamental precept runs like a continuous thread all through the fabric of "Mormon"thought. And like everything else that is

"Mormon"it is hooked up with religion. The quotation just

given is from one of the revelations to Joseph Smith. In more than

one of these religious pronouncements of the Prophet, the Lord is represented as greatly displeased with idleness. "Cease to be idle,"

is an injunction to the early Saints, "cease to sleep longer than is needful."And to the end apparently that the worker may be efficient he is admonished to retire betimes to his bed that his "body

may not be weary,"and to rise early that his "body and mind may be precept that is in entire agreement with the exinvigorated"—a

perience of the race. In another revelation "the inhabitants of Zion"

are informed that the Lord "is not well pleased"with them, "for there are idlers among them,"in consequence of which "their children are growing up in wickedness."Idleness is a sin, requiring, like other

sins, the discipline of the Church. "The idler shall be had in remembrance before the Lord."Work is enjoined as a duty. "The

inhabitants of Zion shall remember their labors in all faithfulness."

In spiritual matters at least, initiative and activity are commanded.

"Verily I say, men should be anxiously engaged in a good cause, and do many things of their own free will, and bring to pass much righteousness; for the power is in them, wherein they are agents unto

themselves. And inasmuch as men do good they shall in no wise lose

their reward. But he that doeth not anything until he is commanded,

and receiveth a commandment with a doubtful heart, and keepeth it with slothfulness, the same is damned."

The class from which "Mormonism"has drawn its recruits is the great middle class, the working class, the class that has to make its living, instead of having it given through'inheritance or charity.

As in the days of early Christianity, not many rich, "not many wise men after the flesh, not many mighty, not many noble"have obeyed the modern call to repentance. Nor, on the other hand, has the

idle, theNew Revelation appealed to the lower stratum of society—the

510 IMPROVEMENT ERA

shiftless, the class to whom the world is said to owe a living. If any

of these have by the merest chance drifted into the Church, they have quickly drifted out again, and not by chance. "Mormonism"is a

religion for the worker, not for the shirker. It is distinctly not a fairweather church.

If anything were needed to confirm this fact, it will be found in the hard conditions under which the "Mormons"have generally found themselves. Almost from the beginning they have been pioneers

in a new country. Missouri and Illinois were on the frontiers. In

western Iowa they were in a wilderness without roads. And in what

has come to be called Utah they made their home in the very bosom of the Great American Desert, a thousand miles from the edge of civilization. This has meant, of course, that they have been compelled

by the sternest necessity literally to work out their temporal salvation or starve to death. They could not therefore have chosen, individually

or as a people, to follow the ways of idleness without endangering their very existence.

In the time of Brigham Young hard work of both hand and brain was the policy consciously adopted by that great pioneer leader.

He set the example himself by working with his hands, even after the necessity for it had disappeared. He built his own houses, he assisted

in setting type for the first paper money issued by the State of

Deseret, he took a contract to build ninety miles of the first railroad into the Territory. Over and over again he used to affirm that

he had accepted nothing from the Church for his services, but had earned everything he owned. And he saw to it that every one else

in the community worked for what he got. Once, during a session

of the legislature, he learned that a large number of men seemed to have nothing else to do than to watch the lawmakers. He sent

his secretary to take their names. In a day or two these men found

themselves preparing for missions to colonize new with valleys—five

their families to this place, ten to that place, and twenty to some other, each one according to his capability. Instead of doling out

charity to the needy, but ablebodied, men in the community, and running the risk of lowering permanently their selfrespect and of bringing on continued pauperism in them, he wisely provided them with work. In this way was built the old wall around parts

of Salt Lake City, although there was no great necessity for it. President Young believed strongly in the education of the hand as well

as of the head and the heart. And this idea, one which has since

been generally adopted in education practice, he embodied in the charters of the Church schools he established.

Nor have recent years brought any modification of this "Mormon"ideal. The leaders of the Church since Brigham Young's time,

while without the means of enforcing their ideas possessed by that powerful man, have nevertheless laid the same stress that he did on

THE HERITAGE AND PROMISE 511

the absolute necessity for work. Work in the shop, the factory, and

the office, in the home, the Church, and the it is safe to state—this,

say, will always be one of the basic teachings of the "Mormon"people, for it is grounded in their religion and philosophy of life.

Thus we have this element in the atmosphere in which the "Mormon"youth grow to maturity and which they breathe all their lives.

So bitter has been the experience of the Latterday Saints from lawlessness in one form or another that they have come to believe passionately in government and the orderly processes of law. Not

only their experience, but their religion, has taught them this, and they have endeavored to carry out the precept in practice.

No nation, no community, can long exist without a decent respect for law. That is an axiom of history. Sometimes, as in an

absolute monarchy, this respect comes from fear; sometimes, as in a

simple democracy, it springs from a love for orderly life. But whatever its source, regard for law lies at the basis of all society, whether

primitive or advanced.

In a democracy it is absolutely necessary not only that the people obey the law, but that they obey it through love of right, not through fear of punishment. The reason is plain. Democracy

rests, not on government from without, but on government from within. Its very foundation is selfrestraint in its individual citizens.

Where this is lacking, the spirit of democracy is absent; and where

the spirit of democracy is wanting, there will presently grow up external power, then revolution, and after that democracy will have to begin all over again.

There are very grave signs today that democracy in America is failing. It is perceptible in a growing tendency on the part of

many people, particularly the rich and the socially influential, to disregard such laws, both national and local, as are not to their taste.

A notable instance of this is the general attitude of these persons toward the prohibition law. Infractions of this enactment are so

numerous and flagrant as to be a national scandal. This may be only

a temporary slipping of the American mind. It may be one of the

results of the late war. And then again it may prove to be a

symptom of a national disease. At any rate, unless the spirit of lawlessness is soon checked, it will spread, as it already shows signs of

spreading, to a disregard for other laws, till no law will be sacred any abysmal depths! This is why the thinkingmore. And then—the

class in America are becoming alarmed for the safety of democratic institutions, and are sounding the trumpet of battle against these anarchistic forces.

Against this sort of thing the Saints have always set their faces.

"Governments,"says the Prophet Joseph Smith, "were insituted of

God for the benefit of man, and he holds men accountable for their acts in relation to them, for the good and safety of society. No govern512 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ment can exist in peace, except such laws are framed and held inviolate as will secure to each individual the free exercise of conscience, the right and control of property, and the protection of life."Such men

"as will administer the law in equity and justice should be sought for and upheld by the voice of the people. All men are bound to

sustain and uphold their governments, while protected in their inherent and inalienable rights by the laws. Sedition and rebellion

are unbecoming every citizen thus protected. Every man should be

honored in his station"in the government.

The "Mormon"people are committed to a democracy by the very terms of. their religion. Only this form of government can carry

out perfectly their ideals of "the free agency of man."Free agency

is absolutely fundamental to "Mormonism."The spirits in heaven

were free. They had their individual "rights,"and were protected

in these rights. As a matter of fact, the contest between Lucifer and

Jesus in the antemortal state turned upon the question, whether men should be free in their earthlife. Satan's plan was to take away

man's agency; Christ's, to leave him in possession of it. And our

Savior's plan prevailed. Without free agency there can be no real

growth in the individual. Or, to put it less dogmatically, there is

always more development if the spirit is left free to choose between two alternatives than if it is fettered in any way from without. And

this applies to civil government as well as to life generally.

In the "Mormon"belief the American nation was founded under divine guidance, for the express purpose of establishing freedom in human government and the rule of the people. This declaration is

made in the Book of Mormon and in the Doctrine and Covenants.

Columbus and the Puritan fathers were led thither by the Spirit of

God. "It is not right that one man should be in bondage to another."

And to this end God "established the Constitution"of the United

States, by "the hands of wise men,"whom he "raised up"for the purpose, and "redeemed the land by the shedding of blood."The

"God of the land"is Jesus Christ, and the nation is warned to "serve him"in humility and truth on pain of losing its independence.

Democracy as represented by the American nation is therefore part and parcel of the religion and the life of the Latterday Saints.

No people are so unalterably committed to this form of government as they are. They are therefore patriotic in a very deep sense, because, if they keep the commandments of God, they "have no need to

break the laws of the land."Where incidents in their history seem

to be in contradiction of this statement, they are so in appearance only and not in reality. It is safe to say that there is no more loyal

Community in America than the Latterday Saint, (To be continued) "HE THAT WOULD BE GREATEST"By Mary H. Woolsey

I Where the blue waters of the fair river Ylom curl gently about the foothills of the green Kolethian mountains, coursing through grassy pastures, cool woodlands and fertile brown farms, there lies the tiny kingdom of Tivrania, in position and politics quite apart from the surrounding nations. On three sides rise the mountains, and since

it is neither great enough nor wealthy enough to attract many visitors to itself, and since there are easier routes around it than through it, strangers seldom appear there. Wisely kept out of entangling alliances with other kingdoms or provinces, Tivrania kept on its accustomed ways when its neighbors were torn by war, and knew only

vaguely of the desolation and terrors that lay beyond its beloved

Kolethians.

Yet there came one day, into this haven of peace and modest prosperity, one called Arad; fleeing, if he had wished to tell it, from

scenes where he was becoming too well known as an enemy of order and justice. Hustled from place to place, Arad came at last into

Tivrania and was amazed at the undisturbed prosperity that he found.

Cattle and sheep grazing in the meadows; peasant girls singing in their

little gardens, and men behind their plows and oxen in the fields; for

the spring had come to Tivrania, and these simple folk were glad to be out and at their toil.

Outside the royal estate, called Varna, Arad paused to admire the wellbuilt stone walls, the gray palace, and the smaller houses round about; the broad driveway with its border of evergreen trees.

And with his admiration came envy, and a coveting of all he saw.

At dusk he reached Urtutz, largest and most important ol the

Tivranian villages, and was directed to the little brown old inn at its center, and when he had rested awhile and had supped generously, he felt very gay and goodnatured, although his mind was already busy with scheming.

Soon the men gathered at the inn, as was their custom, to while away the hours with song and story, and to drink now and then of the mild rich wine from the Tivranian vineyards. Over it Arad

smacked thick lips, and proceeded to ingratiate himself with the villagers by telling them stories the like of which they had never heard before. Tales of the seas, of the tropics, of deserts, of polar ice

fields; of perils in the jungle, of adventures in unknown mountain

fastnesses. The peasants listened with mouths agape.

"Man, he tells a better tale than Shumla himself!"exclaimed

Zoiran, the cobbler, and a general murmur of agreement arose. Arad's

laugh, softly boastful, was interrupted by a voice at the doorway;

"Who is this that tells so fine a tale?"

514 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The merrymakers turned quickly with shouts of welcome.

"Shumla! 'Tis Shumla! Welcome, comrade!"And '"Tis high

time you should appear, you jolly vagabond!"And they made place

for him with many expressions of good fellowship.

Arad, for the moment entirely ignored, watched this goodlook- ing newcomer through narrowed eyelids, and listened while the men plied him with eager questions: where had he been since last he left

Urtutz? Whom had he seen? What learned? To all of which

Shumla answered not at all, but laughed and said they should perhaps hear some other time. Then, banteringly, "But you have been

listening to better tales than mine, anyway. Who is this that tells

them?"All eyes turned toward Arad, who lowered his eyes and shrugged disparagingly. "Merely one who wanders into strange places

and far corners of the earth and has a way of getting into many sorts of scrapes and out again,"he said with fine carelessness.

Shumla looked at him for a moment, more closely, perhaps, than anyone realized; then suddenly glancing around, he asked: "Where is

Lago? Why is he not here?"

"Oh, Lago!"chuckled Datmir the innkeeper. "Lago, probably, is at the house of Misivri, no doubt becoming expert at holding

soft skeins for Misivri's daughter."

"Ah, fair Amadra,"Shumla joined in the low laughter. yes—the

Lago comes home he will find something beside his"Well—when

fire,"and in spite of protests, Shumla took his leave.

When he had quite disappeared, Arad asked a few cautious questions regarding him, which no one seemed able to answer intelligently.

Shumla was more; he spent all his time wandering, they Shumla,—no

thought; came to Urtutz occasionally, helping the peasants willingly

and well, asking nothing in return save food and companionship;

shared bed and fire of it seemed, was his warm friend; Lago—who,

and presently would be gone again, none knew exactly where. The

stories he told? Legends, mostly; sometimes he spoke of Poland, or

Rumania, or Bulgaria, or Austria. But he had not seen such far, wonderful places as had there they began begging for more Arad—and

stories, and yet more; until the young moon hung low above the

mountains, and they strolled homeward with words of the morrow's tasks awaiting.

Lago, leaving the house of Misivri, the merchant, walked slowly through the soft misty moonlight, his thoughts dwelling tenderly on the rare sweetness of Amadra; and what a lucky dog he should be,

he seen, or merely imagined, a softer, lovelier expression beif—had

neath the mischief in her dark eyes? How the thought of her thrilled

him, quickened his blood, made him drunk with the wonder of living! Thus his thoughts ran on, until he became aware of bright firelight flickering through his house windows, and hurried faster to

investigate.

"HE THAT WOULD BE GREATEST'515

Shumla lay drowsing on a fur rug before the fire; he turned

sleepy eyes as Lago entered, then sprang up to greet him.

"Shumla! I am glad to see you, old friend!"exAh—but

claimed Lago.

"And I to be here with you, Lago. You've kept me waiting,

too. Was the skein then so long?"He was amused at Lago's discomfiture. "A fine lover you blush so easily! But mind, are—to

Lago, I'd willingly be in your shoes not unaware of myself—being

the maiden's charms."

Early the following morning, before the sun had yet scattered the lowhanging mists, they walked side by side to the meadows where

Lago's finest flock in Tivrania, it was been sheep—the said—had

guarded during the night by the great shaggy dogs.

As they walked along, Shumla spoke of Arad. "I like not his

eyes, Lago. They are not eyes I should trust, I think."

"Why is he here, Shumla?"

"He would not that he is an habitual wanderer and say—except

adventurer, constantly seeking the far corners of the earth."

"Well, then, that has he far corner; quite the coziest found—a

corner of all, to my notion,"laughed Lago.

"Still I doubt if Arad is our flock grows and grows, friend.—The

Lago."They had passed over a little knoll and the sheep were in full view; Lago smiled in pardonable pride.

"Seven score new lambs there are, Shumla, and all as pretty as one could wish."

The dogs came bounding to meet them, and they stroked the shaggy heads and then threw down the packages they had brought, laughing to see the dogs tear away the wrappings to get at the meaty bones within.

"Lago, Lago! Do you know how lucky you are?"exclaimed

Shumla, drawing a deep breath of the dewy air. Lago did not answer, for he knew that no answer was expected. They stood there

gazing over the peaceful countryside: field after fertile field, some

showing pale green with the early grain; others brown, as yet unsown;

to these two, who had looked upon the scene a thousand times, it was a neverending delight.

"Can you not stay here, Shumla? There will always be a place

for you,"urged Lago; but even as he spoke, he knew what the answer would be, for he had heard it many times before: a sigh, and

the words, I must be away to look after my business.""No—soon

Lago said no more, for experience had taught him that further speech on the subject was unnecessary and unavailing.

All that day they spent in the meadow, now among the sheep, now lolling on the soft grass, now sitting on the green banks while the blue Ylom slipped softly past. When the sun set, they gathered

the sheep together in a sheltered place, set the dogs around, and went back to Lago's house at the edge of the village.

516 IMPROVEMENT ERA

That evening, dressed in their best, the young people gathered at the inn to dance, to the music of Olgetz, the weird fiddler—strange,

music, and dancing wild but full of a lithe grace and interesting flashes of color: the men in white blouses and trousers and richly ornamented

waistcoats of bright hue, with here and there a glint of gold or silver thread; the maids in long white smocks, vivid jackets and embroidered

aprons.

Arad at first stood apart, envious of the welcome accorded to

Shumla, who joined the dancers from the first; but presently growing

bolder, Arad begged a dance of gaining, besides the Amadra—thereby

dance, the suspicious dislike of Lago as well.

"He is no mean dancer,"declared Amadra, and Arad was immediately adjudged eligible to dance with any girls he wished, while their lovers looked on jealously. But he so busied himself with ways

to win their good will that little by little their suspicions were melting away; and Arad knew, cunningly, that soon he would be liked

Shumla and Lago assumedby many as well as Shumla was—although

no friendliness toward him.

The next day was the Sabbath, and the villagers gathered at the little mossy stone church to pray and listen to the teachings of the venerable blind priest, Father Saghra. And the next day, back to their

toil for the this was life in Tivrania, filled with simple week—for

wholesome duties and joys, enriched and mellowed by good fellowship and contentment.

Throughout the next fortnight Shumla remained at or near

Urtutz, lending a helping hand wherever he went, speaking words 01 cheer, and listening to the plans and hopes of the peasants. Without

exception, they opened their hearts to him, told him their joys and their sorrows, as they would have told to no other.

Arad, too, remained to make himself his method popular—but

was the way of the gold or silver pieces which he scattered generously, and the fascinating tales he told, which made him seem such a hero in the eyes of the unlearned peasants. * When a month had passed, he

announced that he had no intention of leaving so delightful a place as

Urtutz.

Then, one day, word came that the young King Maros would visit Urtutz. How the village was thrown into a state of joyous excitement! Arad's lips curled scornfully as he watched the hustle of

cleaning, the setting to rights, the evident pride ofpreparation—the

the people in their monarch. He stood among them as they waited

to do homage to their king, in an attitude of contempt which no one noticed, so absorbed were they all in the approach of the royal procession.

A handful of soldiers; the king, wistfully handsome, alone; the

few nobles of his on horses gayly caparisoned with silken court—all

banners and trappings decorated with gold and silver and semiprecious jewels. No wonder Arad laughed in his sleeve at the miniature dis-

"HE THAT WOULD BE GREATEST"51?

play of pomp and splendor! But to the Tivranians it was their king

and court, glorified in song and legend as old as Europe itself ana consequently a worthy object of admiration and pride.

Not until the visitors had been feted and feasted, and honored to the fullest possible extent, and were on their return journey to

Varna, did anyone pay the least attention to Arad. Then, "Is our

king not wonderful, Arad?"

"Oh, soso. I have no interest in kings."

The peasants gasped at that, and formed in a group close around him, demanding explanations. He chose his words carefully, and spoke

in the most casual manner, as if entirely disinterested.

"Ah, well! The day of kings and emperors is past. They are

selfish; they take the best and finest of all the land can produce, and

give nothing in return save a pretty sight for worshiping eyes. So at

last the people rebel, and in place of a king, select a premier or president or minister from among who can know their themselves—one

needs."Immediately there arose a storm of protests: King Maros was not

selfish, not proud; he came among them at their homes to inquire of

their wellbeing; gave to them trinkets and sometimes gold, and sweetmeats for the children; and at times invited them all to Varna for

celebration and festivals. And did he not carefully attend to the welfare of his people?

Arad whithering gust of scornful merriment. Gone laughed—a

now was his careless manner; he spoke impatiently: "Ho! 'the welhe fare of his people!'How does he know your needs?—When

speaks to you, you are so fluttered with delight that if you were starving, you would yet answer, 'All is well!'He, sheltered in his

palace, surrounded by his lazy nobles and his idle soldiers—living

on the fat of the land!"

"But the soldiers are not idle. They keep the brigands away, if

nothing else. No one in Tivrania has been robbed for many years,"

spoke up Lago, his face livid with resentment.

"But why?"retorted Arad. "Think you it is for you? What

have you to tempt robbers? A few sheep? An ox or two?* A few

yards of homespun linen? A picture painted on a mud wall with the

juices of berries? Think of the jewels your nobles wear, and their

silks! Of the art treasures within the palace! If robbers carried away

your sheep, there would be less mutton for his majesty's table!""But he gives us—"began Lago, to be interrupted by Arad's

swifter, sharper tongue:

gives few silly baubles to buy your goodwill!""Yes—he you—a

Poor, loyal, slowwitted Lago! In his heart he knew he was

right, and that Arad was wrong; but he was no match for Arad's fiery

arguments. He fell into moody silence, hurt by his failure before his

friends, and most of all by Amadra's apparent disappointment.

518 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"But, Arad,"said Datmir, "think you that we should rise against our king?"Before Arad could answer, the stern, displeased voice of Father

Saghra, whose approach no one had noticed, interrupted: "For

shame, my children! Know you not the voice of evil counsel? For

shame, Arad! Is this why you came amongst stir up discontent us—to

among our happiness?"

They scattered before him like children caught in mischief; but

the seed was sown, and Arad was content; while the old blind priest,

left quite alone, shook his head disapprovingly as he walked up the street to his little church, his stout stick rattling the loose stones before him.

Yes, the seed was Arad knew it would grow. For sown—and

where is the place, the condition, so perfect that you cannot find imperfections if you search for them? A careful phrase, fraught with

double meaning; a hint of luxuries possible under other political arrangements; a finger pointing out a new shortcoming of their governwere sunlight, air, water to the weed of discontent. Oncement—these

started, the dissatisfaction crept from village to village, until all

Tivrania was seething with unrest.

Lago, during an evening at Misivri's house, when Father Saghra was present, spoke of the impending insurrection.

"Why should Tivrania rise up against the king?"he cried. "We

are not oppressed, not taxridden; we have plenty for our simple

needs. What more would we wish?"

"Ah, that is not the trouble, Lago,"answered the priest. "It

is a sad thing to be in actual need; but one suffers hardly less just to

think one's self in need. These people have plenty, but think they

should have more; and Arad has made them believe that it is the

king's fault that they have not."

the half of it,"spoke up Misivri, who was usually quietlution—not"Arad tells only the bright portion of the consequences of revoand backward. "I saw the other in killing, starvAustria—stealing,

ing; farms turned into battlegrounds. It is enough to make war

when it is forced or justified; but for the sake of fancied grievances

bah! it makes me tired."

"Tell them, the people what you have seen!"begMisivri—tell

ged Lago. gasped Misivri. to a "What—I?""I—speak crowd—when

away from my own fireside I become a stuttering fool or a dumb clod?""'Twould be useless, too,"said Father Saghra. "They would

not listen."And the three fell into silence.

Amadra, sitting a little apart, near her mother, heard little that the men said. She was thinking of how Arad had swung her in a

glorious dance, adoring her as if she had been a goddess; of how he had

told her of satins and jewels that would set off her rare beauty;

"HE THAT WOULD BE GREATEST"519

of a silken scarf and a topaz necklace which he had begged her to accept as his gift to her; wondering what her father would say if she

should openly encourage Arad's attentions. It would be fun, no

doubt, to make Lago jealous; he was too slow, too rogue! sure—the

But Lago was not slow to see, not sure where Amadra was concerned. He knew well that Arad was seeking Amadra's favor; he

feared lest the slick tongue might win too much. In his unhappiness

he grew more and more silent, withdrew to himself; and the girl said

to herself hotly, "He does not care!"

Lago wished that Shumla would come; but when he did come,

in late summertime when hayingtasks were at hand, he seemed so ill at ease, so unhappy in the unfamiliar atmosphere of disconttnt and sullenness, that Lago was miserable for him and felt relieved when

Shumla had gone again.

Then came a day when a blooded stallion broke away from the royal stables and charged off and away over the country roads; head

high, nostrils wide in the joy of freedom, mane and tail flying, pebbles clattering beneath his thundering hoofs. The peasants, at work

in their grainfields, gasped in amazement and fear, and some pursued in the hope of capturing him before mischief should be done. Faster

and faster he came, growing wilder with every effort to increase his speed.

Into the narrow street in Urtutz he galloped; the children scattered in terror before him. And amid the confusion, the screams, the

cries of horror, the little son of Olgetz, the fiddler, stumbled and fell directly in the stallion's path; crying out in agony as a heavy hoof

struck squarely upon him. The animal sped on as if the child had been

merely a stone.

When the old doctor had come and eased the little fellow's pain, but had muttered that he would never walk again, panic and tears changed to uproar and curses. Arad seized the chance: "Why does

not the king look after his beasts? See how little he cares for your

safety or your lives!"

he knew it. But it was the torch Unreasonable?—Yes—and

to already kindled fires of passion that takes no time passion,—the

to reason nor consider. Arad took charge; sent messengers to other

villages with orders to arm and march against their heartless king.

The iron was hot, and Arad knew when to strike.

All night, by the light of huge bonfires, they worked feverishly to make ready their rude weapons: heavy old muskets, swords, clubs.

For the first time, Father Saghra's pleadings were entirely ignored, and tears welled up in his sightless eyes as he wandered miserably about.

As for Lago, when he ventured to suggest that they should be calm and not act in rash haste, he was jeered was it not well known wildly—for

that he was jealous of Arad's friendship with Amadra? So Lago,

wretched in the extreme, slipped away to the field and spent the night in loneliness and despair.

(Part II in May Number) STILL VOICES By Joseph Hickman

There is something in untarnished nature which awakens the best instincts in man. Possibly it is the unmistakable handprints of

the great Maker. Possibly it is a holy atmosphere that abides only

where man has not defiled the work of God. But whatever it is, I

have found no one yet who will deny the inspirational effect of his close contact with Nature. If there is one such, he has had denied

him one of the most sublime influences for good to be found in the world; and, as some have to cultivate a taste for the best of music,

he should cultivate an understanding of the voice of the Creator in the stillness of the great outdoors.

It would seem that there could be little doubt that the world is growing better, as more interest is developed in the beauties and wonders of nature. As Utah is becoming known throughout the

world for her abundance of rare natural attractions, it is not far fetched to say that, aside from the financial gain to the state, there is a moral good to be gained by encouraging more attention in this direction.

Sociologists tell us that primitive man was naturally religious.

He lived and acted quite free from many of the conventionalities of modern civilization. He lived near to God and God's work, and it

is but logical to expect, therefore, that he would have greater respect for God than do men who live within the works of modern civilized industrial of which have been developed by man and conditions,—all

far from the handprints of the Creator.

Could this not explain why we always find, near natural wonders, evidences of the prehistoric man of America? For example,

near each of our large natural bridges are found ruins of cliffdwellers and the hieroglyphics of a later group of the primitive redmen. Evidently these masterpieces were looked upon with great reverence by

the Indians, as it is easy even yet to find imong the descendants of those people many stories of idealistic beauty in which the bridges are predominant features.

The Wonderland of Southern Utah

Wayne's wonderland always affects me strongly. Bryce, with

its sudden, stunning bewilderment, seen for the first time at sunrise, is a close second. But the everrecurring newness in the scenery near

Fruita, in Wayne county, Utah, is different. Once you see Bryce

at sunrise you have an impression that is is worth the lasting—that

trip, no matter how long it has been. But the impression remains

the same, and the next time you visit the canyon you wish you had not, for the second impression is not so stunning. The imprint of

the first shock remains the stronger.

5 22 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The vastness of Wayne is that of the Grand Canyon; the variety

of coloration, that of Zion, but the voice of stillness is a feature all its own, and is never the same today that it was yesterday. It

is ever mystifying feeling which this voice throws over one this—the

brings him near to God. The effect on one can be but to—that

make him think of his own weakness, yet of the possibilities that his Maker has given him. In short it is inspirational.

Yonder towering above the roaring river is a castle of the age when men were brave and women were pure. No one can sit

here in the stillness but what the distant roar of the river will whisper again the ideals of chivalry. Not only will he hear but he will feel

and with the feeling will come the desire to act. In what house of

worship can the lessons of courteous, manly bravery, and of womanly purity, be so well taught?

Here is a bridge. A problem for the geologist, but an inspiration

to everyone. How it will inspire you, I can not tell; but that it will

inspire is certain. From the times unknown when the cliffdwellers, possibly seeking the protection of the Great Spirit as they fled from their

enemies, built here a burying ground, with aH awe and sacredness, down to the present time, this work of nature has given inspiration.

And upon every repeated visit it holds for one a new impetus to do good. The first impression is not so strong, but each repeated visit

seems to add to the impression first obtained.

This seems to be a quality of all of our bridges. I sat beneath

the huge Caroline, in San Juan county, in company with a man of national importance and acquaintance. He looked up at its huge

span and said, "This is a great thing to come a hundred miles on horseback to see!"The inflection he gave to the word "great"

gave me this meaning. We visited the Agusta, strikingly like the

Fruita bridge. We slept two nights beneath the Caroline. When

we arose the third day he stretched himself, drew in a long breath of the early morning air, looked up at the magnificent span and said, "It is grand, it does have an effect upon me that I can't quite explain, it grows."I recently talked to an old Navajo who had made many trading trips into Wayne years ago. With the help of an interpreter we

drew from him a story that is typical of many of the Indian stories which it has been suggested are associated with the natural bridges in Utah. The story shows also how the unusual in nature excited

the emotions of the primitive man. In just such a sense, although

perhaps more cultivated, they no doubt affect us.

The Indian Story Here is his story: Some time, maybe no time, but that does

not matter, the Indians camped on the river. It was a hunting party,

all classes made up the group. The usual pilgrimage was made to

the bridge, two miles from the camp. The sacred meal was scattered

STILL VOICES 523

Photo by the Author.

"Yonder towering castle of the ag: when men were brave and women pure."

Note the horseman riding toward the tower. Scene in Wayne County, Utah.

to the moon, and prayers were chanted for the success of the hunt.

Then the party moved down the hillside toward the camp.

But behind lingered the necessary two to make up the story. The

Indian girl, known about the camp as the Thoughtless One, because of the lightness with which she heeded the words of the medicine men. Beckoning, she attracted the attention of the young chief, who

had won the name of the Honored One, because of the many titles the medicine men had given him in return for the successful way in which he had conducted the affairs of the tribe since his election to the office of chief.

"I have been thoughtless,"she told the chief, "but tonight the bridge spoke to me and I understood."

He looked at her and wondered, for he had known of the careless manner in which she had treated many of the tribal customs.

Even then he doubted her. But he looked into her eyes, and afar

the monotonous tumble, rumble, tumble, of the river spoke to him.

He listened. The river said:

"She is no longer the Thoughtless One, she is the Heart of Love.

She can help you."

"I have been thoughtless,"she repeated, "but the bridge spoke to me tonight of you, and I am no longer thoughtless. I must help

you. You are great and mighty in the eyes of the medicine men,

but the Great Spirit is not pleased with you. You give the praise

524 IMPROVEMENT ERA

for your deeds to the medicine men. You should praise the Great

Spirit."Because the river had told him to do so, the young chief, believed her. But he was wrong, for it was the evil spirits talking to

him. The evil spirits, be it understood, according to the Navajo

belief are the ones to be feared. They are more powerful than the

good, and it is to them that the prayers are offered, petitioning them to cease doing evil to the Indian. The good spirits take care of themselves, and since they are good, need not be prayed to, for they will

do what is good in any case.

So he trusted the maiden. He listened to her. He believed

in her, because the river and the bridge had told him to do so. They

spoke to him in the language he could understand. He was im-

r(BPMi BJI

Photo by A. E. Dcmary. Washington, D. C.

The fantastically eroded'Brycc Canyon a sight of which at sunrise has no parallel in Nature.

pressed, we would say, with the sacredness of the situation and believed because of the emotions that he felt at that time.

So the young chief gave praise to the Good Spirit, and in that way raised the ire of the evil. He listened to the maiden, and when

he at last turned his footsteps toward the camp it was very late.

Arriving there he found the medicine men in council. He was

called in and inquiry made as to his absence from camp upon so important an occasion.

He replied haughtily: "The bridge has told me, and the river

has told me, that I should not praise you so much. The Great

Spirit does good."

The medicine men laughed. "He is bewitched by the Thoughtless One,"they said.

STILL VOICES 525

This made the young chief angry. "She is not the 'Thoughtless One',"he retorted, "she is my guiding spirit."

The medicine men made disrespectful remarks with reference to her. A fight followed, the young chief in his anger striking and

injurying the old, feeble men. Soon the whole camp was alive and

Two Navajos, and Buck Lowery, trader at the Gap Trading

Post, Arizona. Old Gray Hat Charley, supposed to be sixty

years of age, is responsible for the story of the Fruita Bridge.

before the trouble had ended, the "Honored One"was no longer such.

He was shorn of all his titles and thrust without the camp.

Then he remembered the maiden and the bridge where he left her. Panting and hot he soon stood in the awful presence of this

wonder. The girl was not to be seen. "O Bridge,"he prayed, "help

me."He listened. No answer came. Then from afar came the

rumble, tumble, rumble, of the river. It spoke. It laughed. "You

are the 'Thoughtless One',"it said. He could hardly believe its

526 IMPROVEMENT ERA

words. Then a voice spoke above him. It was that of the Indian

maiden. She was on the bridge.

"Come on up,"she called. "I will not desert you."

He climbed the bridge and sat by her side and she told him how she had played the trick on him in order to have him all for her own. He forgave her and listened, in his sorrow; but told her he

would follow her, for he knew now that the spirits loved her for they had answered her prayer.

Then she laughed, looked at him, ran lightly up the bridge, daring him to follow. Blindly he rushed on, slipped, rolled to the

bottom of the ledge, and lay helpless. She sat disdainfully above

him and watched him suffer.

"Only you can help me,"he cried to her. "Won't you please

come? Only help me to my feet, then I can get on alone."

She turned her head in the other direction, said not a word, but left him and walked on to her own tribe.

To us, of course, aside from the lesson conveyed, this story has significance only to illustrate the point that the huge natural bridge in its aweinspiring surroundings did affect the primitive Indian so that he placed it in his traditions as a central figure of worship and fear. To us, in our civilized state, it may be studied in the coldness

of the science of geology, yet the manner in which it will appeal to the most of us will be not unlike the manner in which it was accepted by the Navajoes. We will feel our own weakness, and the

suggestion of the greatness of an all Powerful Being, will place us under the influence of a feeling of reverence impossible to be had except near such great finger prints of the Creator. After having visited such places one is sure to carry with him a feeling of having

been nearer to his Maker than it is possible to get elsewhere. In

short, the visitor will be more religious than before he made the visit.

Three Phases in a Life

Once I sang a maiden's praises,

In unnumbered pretty phrases:

Decked her hair with bright fresh daisies.

Once I watched a woman sewing,

Eager hands that seemed so knowing

Radiant face with love a-glowing.

Once in life I bow to thee, In reverence and simplicity, Thou holy name—Maternity.

Belleisle, N. B. ALAN C. R.EIDPATH.

PICTURE SHOWS An Asset or a Me and Mine? Liability—for

By W. H. Boyle, Assistant Professor of Education, and

Principal Secondary Training School

It is estimated that one person out of five in the United States attends some form of commercialized recreation every day. It is estimated, also, that at least 20,000,000 people attend the movies daily,

and that the bulk of this audience is made up of people from fifteen to twentyfive years of age.

If every picture show taught by its story a worthy lesson of life, we would need have no fear of the mental reactions of tht people who throng those places, but if they do not, then a choice must be made. We must select if we expect the right mental reactions.

How particular is the mother who demands of the grocer that what she buys shall be fresh and sweet and healthful? She knows

to have healthy bodies good healthful food is imperative. She passes

upon the quality of all food before buying, and if perchance it is sent and not good it is returned and good demanded in its place.

What is true of carrots and cheese, sauerkraut and sausage, is just as true of mental and spiritual food. Healthy bodies? Yes!

What about healthy minds, healthy mental reaction? Is healthy mental

reaction as important as healthy chemical reaction?

We prate about good company, fuss about the Sunday's funny paper, worry about the kinds of books we read; but how many parents are woefully passive and wickedly indifferent as to the class of

picture shows that they and their families attend? Sould we not be as

particular about the class of stories we pay to see as we are of the sausage we pay to eat?

Should the major part of this responsibility be shifted to the shoulders of the man who produces picture shows, or on the man who exhibits them; or should the responsibility be placed in the home?

If the home is the chief agency for proper socialization of the young then is it not at least an important agency for the production of crime?

The home is the factory, the school, the church. It is the basic institution of all our lives, civil, political and religious. "When the

people want better pictures, they will get them,"says one producer.

"Good pictures are not moneymakers,"says another.

Can it be truly said among our people that vice and not virtue pays on the screen? If this is answered in the affirmative, what an

indictment of our homes! It is our problem, not the problem of the

enormous picture show interests. Is it possible that a beautiful, legiti

mate, romantic love story, with all its social byproducts, is unattractive; and that we enjoy seeing in the most realistic way, vice and

528 IMPROVEMENT ERA

lasciviousness glorified? Can it be that the sex appeal with lust

emphasized is the only thing that will bring the cash? Is it true that

the picture show producers and exhibitors are giving the people what they want? If this is true, how many of these 20,000,000 people are

moral perverts?

Recently in our own home town one of the owners of the picture show houses exhibited "Abraham Lincoln."In order to advertise that show so that he would not lose, he gave a free entertainment to teachers, preachers, influential men, and many parents. This

seems to be unnecessary for much of the suggestive "slush"put before the average picture show goer. What would happen to the producers

and the going public if all pictures were censored by such representative citizens?

Who is to blame, the man who makes the picture, or the man who pays to see it? Can it be that we prefer the vicious and the

lewd story to the clean and wholesome one? Do we prefer the "hog

wash"of many of the vaudevilles to the uplifting higher type story or clever, subtle jokes that could be had?

The writer asked an exhibitor why he put on a certain picture, and challenged him by saying that if there was one redeeming feature in the picture he would acknowledge defeat. The exhibitor smiled

and said, "It brings the cash."

What is your diagnosis, reader of this excellent little magazine?

Is it lack of interest in leisure hours, and that we for the sake of convenience rely on commercialized recreation whose sole objective is money, instead of socialized recreation whose sole objective is entertainment plus moral uplifting? Is it easier to pay the other fellow

than to get it up yet we pay and pay dearly. ourselves—and

Asset or a and mine? Picture Liability—for me shows—an

Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah.

My Ambition

I strive to be like worthwhile folk around me

Who gather rosebuds from each wayside thorn,

And count not beauty by the height of power,

But by the heart of every mortal born.

I strive to be unlike the folk around me,

Whose polished ways may hide a wicked heart,

That beats for gain in tune with evil passions,

And care not that their tongues conceal a dart.

I strive to be like worthwhile folk around me,

Whose hearts are brightened by the smiles of men,

Whom help has gotten from their high desire

To lend a helping hand, and call them Friend.

A. HENDERSON.

WHO WERE THE BUILDERS OF THE LOST CITY OF NEVADA?

By George C. Sutherland

Discovery in the Moapa Valley of southern Nevada of the ruins of an ancient city which is believed to have flourished about the beginning of the Christian era is attracting the attention of archaeologists and ethnologists in all parts of America. For evidences unearthed to date indicate that the inhabitants of that city possessed a

degree of culture and refinement which had lifted them far above a state of savagery. Sections of old canals in the valley of the Rio

Virgen, a few miles east of the ruins, show that the prehistoric inhabitants of that locality were acquainted with the science of irrigation. Five miles west of the old city are numerous hieroglyphs carved

on imposing columns of red sandstone. Those are believed to form

part of the recorded history of the ancient residents of the valley. Let

us take a brief survey of the old town and the discoveries made there to date, and then try to determine who its inhabitants were and whether their culture was near its crude beginning, as the archaeologists declare, or close to the end of a long period of decline, as the writer believes is possible.

It is the opinion of such eminent authorities as M. Raymond

Harrington, investigating archaeologist in charge of the excavating, and F. W. Hodge, prominent ethnologist, both of The Museum of

The American Indian, Heye foundation, New York, that this recently discovered city was at the zenith of its glory about 1,500 or 2,000 years ago. This belief is based upon a comparison of the evidences

of culture found here with that culture known to have existed among other ancients of the southwest at a date which is thought to have been established quite definitely. After careful consideration of everything brought to light so far, the archaeologists have decided that this

prehistoric city was one of the places where the culture of the Pueblo

Indians originated.

The ruins, which have been named "Pueblo Grande de Nevada,"by archaeologists excavating in their midst, start at a point two miles north of St. Thomas and extend up the east side of the valley of the

Muddy river for about six miles. Other ruins have been found north

of this point, but these do not seem to have belonged to the main pueblo as there is a vast difference in the evidences of culture unearthed in the two places. The northern limit of the large town seems to have

been about two miles east of Overton. The ruins uncovered at present lie principally on top of a low range of clay hills between the

Muddy river and the foot of "Mormon"mesa.

Five or six houses and a circular ceremonial chamber—kiva—a

530 IMPROVEMENT ERA

have been unearthed to date. The houses are shaped like horseshoes,

some of them containing ten or more rooms. The majority of these

rooms are about 8x10 feet in size and rectangular in shape, exception to this rule being found in the end rooms which are oval or circular.

Three types of houses have been found in this city. The single

room, pit type; the communal house with rooms of the pit tye, and

the houses with rooms built from the surface of the earth up and no pit dug at all. In fact, some of the houses contain each of the types

of rooms. Archaeologists say the singleroom, pit type house is one

of the most primitive constructed dwellings of mankind. As the

houses found at the old ruins north of the main city are of the latter type entirely, scientists believe they were occupied prior to the building of the large pueblo and at a time when enlightenment was just beginning to lift the minds of the ancient Nevadans to a higher plane of life and living.

The houses in the Pueblo Grande de Nevada were built of adobe bricks shaped like loaves of bread. These bricks were set in

adobe mortar and the entire structure plastered with the same material.

The floors were made of adobe and many of them remain in excelent condition still. While most of the walls of the old buildings

have crumbled into decay, sections eighteen inches or two feet high have been found in some instances, giving the investigators a good idea of the appearance of the whole. The finding of several floors beneath

some of the rooms has led to the conclusion that parts of the city were built up four or five different times at periods quite remote from each other.

In each of the rooms small bowlshaped fireplaces have been found. Some of these are in the centers of the rooms and others in

the corners. It is not the opinion of archaeologists, however, that

these fireplaces were used for cooking purposes, as much larger ones have been discovered in the court of each of the houses. The weather

here is very mild in the winter and the small fireplaces are thought to have been used only to take the chill out of the rooms on unusually cold nights. Charcoal and ashes have been found in each of the fireplaces, and in several, halfburned corn cobs have been discovered. The

presence of these is believed to furnish conclusive evidence of the cultivation of the soil and the production of this grain by the residents of the prehistoric town.

Close to each group of houses a large flat rock with deep circular holes in it has been found. This was the mill at which the grain

was ground. The grinding was accomplished by placing the grain

in the holes and crushing it with rock plungers known as metates.

Several of the latter have been found in the houses and graves of the former residents of this city, for not only the kiva and houses have been unearthed, but numerous graves have been uncovered. Skeletons

have been found in all of the graves.

Some of the burials have been found outside, a short distance

BUILDERS OF THE LOST CITY 531

from the houses, but the majority of them have been discovered beneath the floors of the rooms. The condition of the skeletons is

excellent, some of them being almost in a perfect state of preservation.

The extreme aridity of the climate is said to account for that condition. While one skeleton measuring about five feet eight inches

in height has been uncovered, the rest of those found have been only about five feet in stature. Their bones are not large and in many instances they appear to have had almost perfectly even features. Their

foreheads were high and well developed. The facial bones of many

suggest faces that were slender and of some refinement. The teeth

of some are small and even, indicating that they were not great meat eaters. This is considered another argument in support of the theory

that they were primarily an agricultural people.

The inhabitants of this ancient city believed in a conscious existence after death, in which existence they should live much the same as in the flesh and should require the same things needed here.

This is indicated by the fact that all of the deceased's personal belongings were interred with him. Squash seeds, beans and other seeds

found in the graves of some point to the expectation that those seeds would be needed in the spirit world, while the ancient dice of a gambler found in one grave would lead one to think that the departed was expected to ply his profession there as here.

Beautiful pieces of pottery have been found buried with each of the skeletons. Many of these dishes were not even cracked and were

removed intact. These consist of bowls, water jugs and bottles. The

majority of these are decorated with artistic black and white patterns of attractive design, although some have patterns of black on a rich red background. Three layers of clay were used in the construction

of the latter, the inner layer of white and the two outer layers of red clay. The surface of the pottery is as smooth as any on the

market today.

Beads and pendants of shell and turquoise have been found in some of the graves, and in others small black beads of unknown material. Mr. Harrington says he recalls no beads so small having been

discovered in any of the ruins of ancient America with the exception of some small gold beads found in Ecuador. In one grave, that of a

woman, the skeletons of two babies, evidently twins, were found. In

other graves skeletons of dogs have been unearthed lying by the side of the person who was probably master or mistress of the animal in life. Bones of deer, mountain sheep and rabbits found in some of

the graves indicate that while these ancient Nevadans may have been farmers they were not strictly vegetarians. Arrow heads and knives

of flint taken from the graves show how those animals were killed and prepared for use.

Shreds of blankets apparently of fine texture have been found in some of the graves, showing that the art of weaving was not unknown to these early residents of the Moapa Valley. Remnants of

532 IMPROVEMENT ERA

woven sandals have been discovered also. Both of these were in a

bad state of decomposition and were covered immediately with paraffin wax to preserve them as much as possible.

The majority of the skeletons unearthed so far have been buried again, this time at the foot of those hills on which they once resided.

Several have been sent to the museum in New York, and still others have been left in their graves for the benefit of tourists, many of whom call at the lost city each day en route east or west.

Indians living in the Moapa Valley today exhibit great interest in the work of excavating. Although some of these have traditions,

handed down to them by their parents and grandparents, of things which occurred two or three centuries ago, not even the eldest of them had heard of the presence of the city now being brought to light until the work of excavating began. This is believed to furnish corroborative evidence of the great antiquity of the ruins.

Numerous conjectures as to why the city was deserted have been advanced but the ones most commonly accepted are these: The people

were primarily an agricultural race who had to depend upon water from the Muddy river with which to irrigate their crops. As the

river shrunk in size each year, and as the population of the old town probably numbered several thousand souls, it became more and more difficult to raise the grain necessary to provide them with food. So

they probably left this valley for more fertile fields, possibly in the valley of the Rio Virgen. The other theory is that the inhabitants

were conquered by a stronger though less advanced people, exterminated or taken into captivity. The former is the theory which finds

greatest favor with those now excavating among the ruins.

From an archaeological standpoint, the discovery of these ruins is considered of great importance. Up to the time they were found

practically nothing was known regarding the prehistoric inhabitants of

Nevada and the knowledge concerning the origin of Pueblo culture was not considered extensive. Articles brought to light in this city, however, have added much to that knowledge and it is expected that much

more will be learned as the exacavating progresses. The work is to

continue for another six months, at least, for it was so voted by the board of trustees of The Museum of The American Indian at a meeting held in New York February 3. What will be done after that

depends, to a great extent, upon what the intervening time brings forth.

Now, who were the builders of this ancient city? Was this one

of the places where the Pueblo culture originated? Are the indications

of the civilization which existed here conclusive proof that that civilization was near its crude beginning, or might the same evidence be used in support of the argument that these people gradually were sinking from a higher plane of civilization to the depths of degraded savagery as they wandered farther and farther from the centers of culture to the south and east and from the gospel of Jesus Christ?

BUILDERS OF THE LOST CITY 533

The statement of scientists that here is one of the places where the culture of the ancient Pueblos began; that the people who occupied

these adobe dwellings were just starting to grope from the abysmal darkness of the past towards indistinct rays of light ahead, is based on the fact that as one travels farther south one finds places in which the civilization was much farther advanced than it was here. Here

only onefamily dwellings are found; in Arizona and New Mexico

are the ruins of great apartment houses. Here everything is in the

rough, while there is found evidence of the polish and refinement of a most enlightened age. This, it is argued, is evidence that the culture

and civilization originated in those places where the indications are most crude, and that those places are probably of a more remote antiquity than those where enlightenment was far advanced.

But is that argument invulnerable? We know that the farther

south one goes the more abundant are the evidences of a great civilization until in Central and South America are found ruins of cities, which, as one writer on American antiquities expressed it, "would have rivaled Nineveh, Tyre and Sidon in their day."But does this

prove that the civilization of those early inhabitants of Arizona and

New Mexico, and perhaps of Central and South America, originated in the north and became more advanced as it spread southward until it culminated in the great cities of Copan, Uxmal and Palenque, and others in the south?

Absolutely not! The same ruins, the same indications of varying degrees of civilization, the same crudities found farther north, may

be used with equal assurance to prove the theory that the civilization declined and waned as it spread north from the more populous centers, and the people sank into darkness and disbelief. Furthermore, the revealed Word of God will go far to support the argument of those who

advance the latter theory.

In the Book of Mormon we read of the great centers of advanced civilization which flourished in the Americas in both the Jaredite and

Nephite periods. Some of those have been identified as having been

located in Central and South America. Of course the two civilizations flourished at widely different times, but each was destroyed in

the end by similar causes. Contentions among the Jaredites occurred

at various times in their history as the people forgot God and his kindness. These continued, and bloody wars were fought by the factionists

until the chief nations were practically exterminated.

So with the descendants of Lehi. Hardly had they begun to

prosper in the promised land until they began to quarrel. Everyone

familiar with Book of Mormon history knows the final outcome of those contentions. The important point for this argument is the fact

that continually there were factions breaking off from the congregation of the Lord, both in the time of the Jaredites and the Nephites.

These factions would withdraw into the wilderness and refuse to 534 IMPROVEMENT ERA

have anything to do with those who were living according to the light and truth of the Gospel of Jesus Christ.

Is it not perfectly reasonable to suppose that when those dissenters first broke away from the commandments of God and decided to walk in the ways of iniquity, they took with them much of the culture in which they had been reared? Is it not logical also to

suppose that, as succeeding generations were born and grew to manhood, as the bands wandered farther and farther from the fold with their backs to the light, their minds became more darkened and their manners and customs more primitive? If that is a logical conclusion, one must expect to find the evidences of culture left by those

people to be more and more crude as they became farther and farther removed from the source of all truth. If that is the case, then the

evidences of culture found at the Pueblo Grande de Nevada could just as well prove that here was the demise of a great civilization as that here was one of the places where that civilization originated.

Therefore, if the archaeologists are correct in assuming that the lost city was built 1,500 or 2,000 years ago, it is not unreasonable to believe that the evidences of culture found there point to a civilization which was declining rapidly and about to become extinct.

And if they have been too conservative in estimating the age of those ruins, it may be that those walls of adobe were erected by certain branches of the Jaredites who had dwindled into darkness and disbelief.

Kaolin, Nevada.

Opportunity

Inviting one to enter in Who has the will to work and win,

Abundant ways and means renew The opportunity for you.

Seek inspiration by your thought,

As little comes to one unsought,

And whatsoever one requires Is granted through intense desires.

In thoughts omniscient, let your mind

Soar into regions unconfined A vision see of things unknown

That through invention is your own.

Then in the fervor of its sway

Bring forth the plan you need today

For opportunity controls A thousand gates, a thousand goals.

Payson, Utah. JOSEPH LONGKING TOWNSEND.

THE VALLEY OF FIRE By Edwin G. Wells

Several pictures were recently taken on a hike of the M Men and Gleaner Girls of the Overton ward, Nevada, in the Valley of Fire.

Top: "M"Men and Gleaner Girls of the Overton ward, Moapa stake

Bottom: Gleaner Girls of the Overton ward. Moapa stake

The following hieroglyphics of ancient Indian origin and writings on the face of the red sandstone cliffs, were taken near the place where the young people ate their luncheon. The picture of the skeleton was

taken in the graves of the buried city, Pueblo Grande, which is now being uncovered by Professor M. R. Harrington, near St. Thomas

536 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and Overton in the Moapa Valley. Mr. Harrington is director of

the Museum of the American Indian, heading the Heye Foundation

Expedition into the prehistoric metropolis in the Muddy and Virgen rivers valley, near Overton and St. Thomas, Nevada. These were

probably the people who made the hieroglyphics in the Valley of

Fire. A recent news item contains the information that the lost

city is the city of a primitive people of giant stature who ruled

Western America before the beginning of history. The exploration

has been going on for months; and recent discoveries have given

evidence that the once lost city will prove to be the largest prehistoric ruin in the western hemisphere. Round adobe buildings,

some containing twenty rooms, with hard, glazed floors have been found, revealing, under their circular courtyards, the graves of a vanished race, with the average height of the skeletons of over seven feet. In many mounds already unearthed, beautiful jewelry, artistically cut and designed, and decorated pottery of fanciful design, have

been found, in addition to quantities of crude hunting implements and other primitive tools. The area embraced in Pueblo Grande is

eight miles wide and extends intermittently with 105 outcroppings for thirtyfive miles down the Muddy and Virgen rivers valley.

Mr Harrington is said to have declared the excavation will continue until the riddle of the lost city has been completely solved.

Logandale, Nevada.

VINDICATION!

By Frank C. Steele

Time is the Great Vindicator.

Let us draw back the historic curtain for a moment.

century ago. Time—A

York State. Place—Palmyra, New

sectarian minister and one Joseph Smith, a boy Characters—A

in his early teens telling a strange story.

The story the boy unfolds to the minister first brings smiles, then jeers, then abuse. Joseph is telling him of a wondrous vision he has

had in a grove on his father's farm. The vision came in the midst of

a celestial light brighter than the brightest sunlight. The vision, he

declared with unusual vigor for a boy, revealed to his eyes God the

Father and his Son, Jesus Christ.

"These heavenly Personages spoke to me, Pastor, and I could hear them as plainly as I could hear your voice inviting me to enter your study,"the boy in substance explained earnestly. "He who was

introduced as the Son of God did most of the speaking, and his voice

I shall never forget. It thrilled me, Mr. thrilled me so completely that I will carry the memory to my grave—

"Continue, continue, you deluded, little boy, I am listening although I really oughtn't to take the time to hear such utter nonsense,"smiled the minister, adjusting his glasses to get a clearer look at the boy. "The Son told me many things, but the point I remember most, I think, was that the numerous creeds are an abomination in the sight of him; that the various quarreling sects draw near him with their

lips, but their hearts are removed far from him; that they are teaching

manmade doctrines; and that there was only one church of Christ

organized, all of which means, pastor, that I cannot join your church or the Methodist, or any other church in existence, for they are all wrong,"we surmise the boy asserting.

And the minister replying, "Joseph Smith, you are mad. Utterly mad. The devil is on your trail. Visions! What folly!

Churches all wrong! More folly. Why, my boy, there must be many churches to satisfy the varying tastes and inclinations of men—

"Beg pardon, pastor, but you are wrong. There was one true

Church in Jesus'day. He organized it, and prayed that his disciples

might be one, united, as John tells us in the seventeenth chapter of his gospel. I read it only yesterday. All these churches are an abomination

to him. I was told that in the vision,"we imagine Joseph declaring

kindly but firmly.

"Get out of my study at once. This is madness, I tell you. 1

must see your parents at once. Get out, get out!"we can hear the

53 8 IMPROVEMENT ERA

minister exclaiming. He was now in a rage, his eyes snapped fire, and

he literally drove the frightened Joseph out of the room.

Time—Present.The scene changes.

Place Modern city church.

congregation and a sectarian minister. Characters—Large

The minister is preaching. His subject is church union. His

congregation is composed of members of the Presbyterian church in

Canada, and they are listening intently because this man surely speaks as one having authority. He is the chairman of the Church Union

Committee.

His message is a ringing one and he tells of the movement to unite by Act of Parliament, and by the will and desire of the congregations, the three great Protestant churches in Canada: Presbyterian,

Methodist and Congregational.

He bases his sermon on the seventeenth chapter of the gospel of

St. John. He denounces denominationalism as a thing hideous in

the sight of Christ who prayed that "they all might be one even as he and the Father are one."He declares again and again there was

one Christian Church in the beginning and that the competition in the religious world is wrong and wholly contrary to the teachings of our

Savior.

He closes, and the people turn and say: "It is the truth—this

new revelation. There was but one Church in the beginning. Why

not a reunion?"

Time, to repeat, is the Great Vindicator.

Union in Canada of the Presbyterian, Methodist and Congregational bodies will soon be an accomplished fact. The contracting

bodies are committed to it, and definite steps are now being taken to put the jointly accepted constitution of the United Church of Canada into force.

A few of the reasons for Church Union, put forward by Rev.

Dr. S. D. Chown, general superintendent of the Methodist Church

in Canada, in a manifesto early this year, are these:

First, Methodists believe that the union is "an effort on the part of our church to answer the prayer of Christ that all who believe in him may be one; in order that the world may believe in Christ as the

one sent of God."

Second, "Church unity is fully in accord with the signs of the times, and the signs of the times are the fingers of Providence pointing out the duty of the Christian Church."

Third, "The United Church of Canada will be an example to all the world,"and give a larger missionary outlook to the people, who will become indeed, disciples of a world Savior.

Thus speaks Dr. Chown of the great Methodist church, in 1924.

Place parallel with it the words of a minister of his own faith a cenVINDICATION 539

tury ago. The contrast will prove striking, and significant of the

same "signs of the times"referred to by the scholarly head of Canadian

Methodism.

And the whole Church Union movement in Canada, and in the broader conception in the world at large, is another evidence of the divinity of the message of Joseph, the boy of Palmyra, who, through the strange workings of God's providence, became the Prophet of the last dispensation, the dispensation in which all may unite in the revealed truth, and be under divine guidance of God's chosen authority.

Lethbridge, Alta., Canada.

Success

Success, said the eminent business man,

Whose face was marked with greed,

Who thought only of the things he possessed,

But not of his brother's need,

Is the power I have to overcome

The things that are in my way.

That by my persistent effort, I may conquer the world some day.

Success, said a tired mother, In answering a question asked.

Is not in the wealth we gain, my boy,

But how we accept our task.

Not deeds that are born of idle thoughts,

Will accomplish the top of the hill,

But success comes to us. through suffering.

To learn the Master's will.

Success, said the humble man of God,

I count not in dollars and cents;

Nor yet in the number of years I have lived,

But in how those years were spent.

It isn't the wealth I accumulate,

Or the years I spend therein.

But, that when I die I may take with me,

The love of my fellow men.

Success is not the applause of men

Nor does it come through big display

True worth lies not in who we are.

But what we are today.

Seek not to please the ways of men,

Nor hoard to spoilers find, But the joy that comes in a lifetime

Spent in the service of mankind.

Nounan, Idaho NELLIE SKINNER.

<*.co,*-r2 c x::a

- 3 ur> 3 8 OiT3ft-s: X3U"

XI n Si B Q Rh c oo u 4J ":. s Ph.2.Sc 5o

2O *l<n flu OOj-, - o XX; <u a*—

R o o S! o a -c c "3

a 2 c o s84*"<h m CQ < g a1

'z? Hi Q a a&< s* u & "a2< 8.W ZS klu g < c es S u oiD u w h o PJ wu WINGS OF THE NIGHT By Fred McLaughlin Jack Newcomb had been unable to get a laugh out of Buster

Keaton, and now the fivereel sobstory left him cold. During the

interval between the happy ending of the feature and the beginning of a Larry Semon that had been touted to bring down the house, there came one of those interpolating advertising stunts, now all the rage in the mountain country.

The first scene showed a man staring wildly at a telegram. "Too

late! Too late!"he is supposed to be saying. Then he suddenly

remembers something, and dashes out.

The next flash shows him climbing into an aeroplane, along the fuselage of which has been painted "InterMountain Transportation

Company."The plane soars aloft. It is shown hurtling through

clouds, skimming mountains, finally passing a speeding train, and lighting near a desert station. The man who was too late hops out,

races to the station, pays with one hand, grabs the ticket with the other, and dashes off in time to catch the train.

There is a caption: "Did you miss your train? We catch it

for you. Did you forget that date? We help you fix it up."

Another picture shows the same plane with the same advertising legend land, and the same man make a last second dash for the gangplank, just before it is raised.

Another caption: "Did you miss your boat? We catch it for

you."Before the crowd had half read this last caption, Newcomb went suddenly insane, threw himself out of his seat, stumbled across feet and knees and chair arms, fell into the aisle, sprang to his feet, and dashed for the exit door. People looked for the fire, and an usher

stood in the way of the fleeing man.

"Is there anything I can do, sir? Is there—

He received a stiffarmed jab that sent him twirling, and Jack broke through the door, forced his way frantically past the waiting crowd, hurled himself across the sidewalk into a huge red roadster, which roared away like a thing of life. Up Main and out South

Temple it went, paying no heed to traffic or to the officer's angry whistle.

He crossed the track beside the station and sped off into the moonlit night. Beside the office of the Intermountain Transportation

Company he came to an abrupt stop.

The calm demeanor of the slightly stooped man behind the rail-?"ing infuriated him. "Can I get a ship to Frisco? Can I get—

The man behind the counter studied his finger nails. "Yes

indeed,"he said. "When do you want it?"

WINGS OF THE NIGHT 543 "When do I want it? Now. Do you think I'd—-?*'

"Oh, no indeed."The man with the stooped shoulders put outa hand deprecatingly. "Of course not. If you would tell me—

Jack put his hands on the rail. "Pardon,"he said: "I'm alittle excited and I—

"Sit down."

He laughed a little. "I'm afraid I can't. You see I want to catch

the President Grant tomorrow morning at nine o'clock; the last train

left Salt Lake this morning."

"I see; it's quite easy I assure you."

"Quite easy?"He stared vacantly. The man's coolness irri-

?"tated him. "You mean you can put me—

"Oh, yes. We can easily land you in San Francisco an hour or

two before sailing time."

Jack visualized that great stretch of mountain and valley and desert between Salt Lake City and the coast. "Well,"he said, with

doubt still lingering in his tone.

Already the stillfaced man in front of him was filling in some spaces on a printed sheet, which he put under Newcomb's hand for his signature. "Of course,"he was saying, "we make no guarantee

against accidents, but we contract to put you in San Francisco in time for the boat."

Jack hastily scanned the printed lines. He discovered that the company promised to put him on the boat but it did not guarantee damages against personal injury. He smiled. "You mean that if you

don't kill me and don't get me there in time the three hundred and fifty dollars will be returned?"

"That's it exactly,"said the man.

"I'm ready now."

The blase clerk behind the counter spoke a few words into a telephone and turned back to his customer. "I'll send Mr. Halliday

out with you. He's the best flyer we have. He's quite safe, I assure

you.""Halliday,"said Newcomb. "Would he be a small man with a

dried up face and a sense of humor?"

up, as you say. but "He's small and his face is rather—er—dried

as for a sense of humor, I don't know."

"No, you wouldn't,"said Jack hastily. "Fact is I knew a

Halliday in flyer."France—a

The door opened behind him, and turning, he saw a little man with a dried up face and keen bright eyes, who looked at Jack an instant and then hurled himself upon him.

"Shrimp Halliday!"said Newcomb when he had gotten his

breath. "Jack, you big—

They pumphandled each other and laughed in an excess of joy, while the stillfaced gentleman behind the counter looked calmly on, 544 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Mr. Newcomb wants you to take him to San Francisco in time

to catch the President Grant tomorrow morning at nine o'clock, Mr

Halliday.""Sure,"said Mr. Halliday.

Shrimp Halliday climbed into the front cockpit and Newcomb took hold of the propeller. "Let me do it, Shrimp, this time,"he

said. "Go ahead."

He caught the blade, pulled it down and turned it loose. He

repeated the operation and stood back. The propeller began to beat

the air with a tremendous roar. Jack ran around the wing and

climbed into the rear cockpit. A man in brown overalls drew a wooden

block away from the wheels and away they went.

Newcomb took hold of the joystick, for the machine was a dual control, and the pulsing throb of the thing took him back three years to the time when he and Shrimp Halliday had flown one on the western front. High over the lake Halliday, reading his thought,

turned and yelled, "Want it?"

Jack nodded and Halliday raised his hands.

Newcomb pushed the stick forward a little and dove toward the lake; then drew it back and zoomed. He twisted it sideways

and banked. He pushed it forward again,"turned off the gas, and fell

like a plummet for half a mile while the struts shrieked in the reluctant air. A thousand feet from the surface of the lake he straightened out

and then gave it all he had for another roaring climb. In the top of

the climb he described a half dozen circles; flipflops, Shrimp Halliday

had called them. Then he leaned forward again and turned the joystick as one turns the handle of a coffee mill, throwing the ship into a

soul sickening vtille.

He had seen a young mule, freed from the harness, cut up just this way. He felt freed from the earth, its cares, and its perennial

business. Even the waiting boat with Peggy seemed of another world.

He cleansed his mind in this wild debauch in, the air.

From a great height he turned the nose of the plane in a gentle angle toward the earth, cut off the gas, and volplaned swiftly and easily and silently. Shrimp Halliday turned. "That'll do for you,"

he said; and Jack felt a firm grip on the controls. He filled his lungs

and looked around. The serrated ranges speeding backward far below

him were softened now under a brilliant moon. The deserts shone

like sheets of silver and the few roads which crossed them seemed like tiny white ribbons.

Finally he dozed to the drone of the motor. It was Halliday's

business to get him there and he felt that Halliday would do it. The

hours went by and narrow parallel ranges and the broad flat deserts streamed behind them.

He woke up suddenly. The motor was dead. He saw Halliday's

shoulders moving rapidly, and looking out, he perceived the earth apWINGS OF THE NIGHT 545

proaching at terrific speed. Halliday turned his head for an instant

said something, and turned back.

Jack loosened the belt across his lap. He remembered vividly

how they had tried to drag a man from a burning ship that had crashed, and the belt across his knees had balked them. A hundred

feet from the crest of a jagged mountain Shrimp lifted the machine out of the volplane and then dipped down again."

"Good boy,"Jack murmured under his breath. They were

nearing the flat now; ahead of them a body of water shone in the

moonlight. They cleared the lake by inches, rousing thousands of

pelican, the din of whose wings filled the air for five minutes. The

plane came easily to rest beyond the lake, and the two men climbed out and waited for the noise of the myriad wings to cease.

"So this is Frisco,"said Jack. He considered the lake. "My

word, how the Pacific has shrunk!"

"Ah,"said Shrimp.

"Well,"said Jack encouragingly, "we missed the mountain anyway."

Halliday laughed. "We just did."He applied himself to the

motor. "I would be foolish were I to ask you if the gas is out,"said

Newcomb. "You would,"agreed Halliday. "The gas is not out."

Jack looked at his watch. "It is now four o'clock,"he said.

"In five hours the President Grant pulls out."

Halliday grunted. "I guess there's some solder in the circulation,"he explained.

"Sort of a blood clot, eh?"questioned Jack. "That's usually

fatal, isn't it?"

Shrimp Halliday stood up slowly, straightening out a badly aching back. "There ought to be a law,"he said slowly, "making it a

high crime to poke fun at a man whose motor has quit. I can't fix

this 'til daylight."

"Where are we?"

"We're in Nevada,"said Halliday.

"Ah, so?""That's Carson Sink Lake."Shrimp spat at the stagnant water.

"The railroad is over there."He pointed northwest. "Ten miles or

more. Hazen is over there."He pointed west. "Fallon down

yonder, about fifteen miles southwest. Aside from that,"he finished,

"there's nobody home."

"Ah, then,"said Jack encouragingly, "we will have a nice quiet morning."

"Hm.""Is there a ship either in Hazen or Fallon?"

"No,"said Halliday. "Hazen is only a railroad point and Fallon's a bunch of nesters."

546 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"I've got an idea that I'm going to get my three hundred and fifty dollars back."

Shrimp Halliday turned and extended his hand. "I'm sorry,

Jack.""It's all right, old kid."

They sat down on the soft alkali dirt and looked out over the moonbathed hills. Halliday dug a hole in the soil with his heel. "I've

worked for that joint fifteen months,"he said reminiscently, "and I haven't yet failed to land my man in time."

"How long will it take to fix it after daylight?"

"An hour or two if at all,"said Shrimp.

"Say seven o'clock."

"Umhuh. And there's not a flying thing that can go from

here to Frisco in two hours."

They sat in silence for ten minutes. "If I had the wherewith,"

said Jack, "I'd play you a game."

Shrimp Halliday stood up. He knew that tone of voice. He

remembered it was just such a tone that Jack had used when he had announced one bleak night that his brother had crashed.

"I guess you wanted to get that boat, Jack."

Newcomb nodded.

"Business?"

Jack shook his head.

"Hm; only one other thing."

"You're real bright,"said Jack. He drew a telegram from his

pocket and extended it to Halliday, who spread it out, shot his flashlight upon it, and read aloud:

"John C. Newcomb.

321 South Main, Salt Lake City.

"Sorry. "Peggy."Halliday handed it back. "Short,"he said, "and quite sweet."

He studied the dead ship for a moment. "I take it she's on the

President Grant."

"Yes.""Which sails this morning at nine""Yes again.""And at the last minute you decided—

Newcomb interrupted. "Not quite; I was there. There was a

party of eight going all the way of Peggy's mother around—guests and father. It had been planned that we were to be married somewhere on the way. Probably the consulate at Pekin. Day before

yesterday we had some and I."words—Peggy

"You poor simp,"broke in Halliday.

"Exactly,"agreed Jack. "I took my hat and came back home.

I found this wire waiting for me in Salt Lake, but the last train had

WINGS OF THE NIGHT 547

already gone. I dropped into a movie,"he continued slowly, "to

while away a rotten hour."

Shrimp Halliday laughed. "Do you know, Jack, the Company

gave me a hundred dollars for that advertising idea?"

Jack grunted. "It's worth it,"he said, "when it works."

So they waited. The moon went down beyond the arid western

desert, and the pink came up behind the gray hills to the east. Halliday

tinkered with the engine while Newcomb cast what few stones he could find at a dilatory pelican who seemed too lazy or too careless to move.

Long after seven o'clock the furious roar of the whirling propeller filled the desert with sound which beat back from the high ranges in ever fading echoes. It was nearly eight o'clock when they

passed the impounded waters of the Truckee and Carson Rivers, flying high now over the ragged ranges of eastern California. Just before

eleven o'clock the plane landed on a stretch of beach north of Sausalito.

"Try the telephone,"urged Halliday. "It's possible that something may have postponed the sailing."

Jack was back in ten minutes, breathless and discouraged.

"There's no use,"he said; "I might as well take the train back."

Halliday looked out to the west. Faintly there came to them

the murmur of the Pacific. "It seems to be calling, doesn't it, Jack?"

Newcomb turned a haggard face to his friend. "I'd have given a

thousand dollars to have made that boat."

Halliday still faced the west. "She's going to meet a good many

men, clever ones, handmen between here and New York—fascinating

some beggars, and maybe a title or two."

"You give me a pain,"said Jack.

The flyer suddenly turned back. "The InterMountain Transportation Company guaranteed to put you on the boat. I am paid to

fulfil their promises. If you're willing to take a chance I'll drop

you right into the arms of your lady love."

Newcomb looked into the wrinkled face and keen eyes, and he saw there the light of the fanatic, the crusader. He laughed shortly.

"That fishfaced 'dood'back there in Salt Lake assured me you were quite safe."

Halliday grinned.

"I didn't realize, Shrimp, until I had lost the boat, how badly I wanted to catch it."

"Are you on?"questioned the flyer.

"I'll take any chance to make it."

They raced toward a tumbledown store which stood beside the dusty road, and brought back two huge cans of gasoline and a heavy roll of rope. Soon the tiny craft took the air again, pointing its nose

out into the broad Pacific.

Newcomb knew that the President Grant had at least an eighty mile lead on them. Directions to him were vague, and the boats, com548 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ing and going on the water far below them, seemed lost on the boundless ocean. He leaned forward and yelled into the flyer's ear, "Can we

find it?""We can't miss it; it's as big as a ball park, and they all follow

the same line."

There was a cross wind, and Jack knew that the ship was making nearly a hundred miles an hour, which meant that the President Grant would be over a hundred miles out when they caught it.

It was after one when they sighted it; just a speck at first, but

assuming size and shape with incredible swiftness.

Halliday cut off the gas and, turning, spoke in the silence that followed: "There she is, Jack; pretty?"

"Beautiful!"said Jack. He visualized a slim, lithe little beauty

with great gray eyes and a wealth of goldenbrown curls, with sweetly pointed chin and warm, willing lips. She had said she was sorry,

and now he was coming back. He counted no chances of failure.

"All ready?"Halliday's voice was a little bit husky. As Jack

climbed out of the cockpit the flyer gripped his hand an instant.

"Wave a hat three times if you light,"he said; and then, "good

luck, old head!"

Newcomb tied one end of the rope around a strut and dropped the coil, which straightened out behind them. He drew it back and

tied a number of knots near the end. As the craft circled over the

speeding steamer he lay flat on the wing and slid off gradually. Looking up he saw a hand and Shrimp Halliday's anxious face.

He had wrapped the rope around his leg, and as the air beat him and whirled him around and around he let the rope slip slowly through his gripping fingers until he reached the knots at the end.

Then he held on and waited.

He swung high over the ship. Another great circle of the plane

and he paralleled the length of the deck no more than twenty feet above it. The people stared, spellbound, and a slim girl in a white

dress and a floppy sailor hat screamed, "No, Jack! NoNo!"How

she recognized him in the allenveloping canvas suit and helmet and goggles only love can tell.

Another circling trip and the watchers on the boat saw the speeding, pendant figure lift its feet to miss the rail, then drop to the deck, skidding forty feet and plunging into a fat man in a steamer chair.

Jack got to his feet. "Pardon,"he said, to the irate man, still

tangled up in the overturned chair. Then he sank slowly to the deck.

"Guess I hurt my leg."

The girl had hold of him now. She tore the goggles and the

helmet from his head. "Are you hurt, Jack?"Half sobbing, she

?"held to him. "Are you—

The roar of the plane came to them again. "Somebody wave a

hat,"said Jack, feebly, "three times around your head."

Peggy sprang clear of the crowd, took off the broad gray hat

WINGS OF THE NIGHT 549

and swung it around her head three times as the machine swept by for the last time. A hand waved from the fuselage, the plane turned

sharply and sped away to the eastward.

Shrimp Halliday, hurtling home through the balmly moonlit night, happy in the knowledge of a task well done, did not know that the radio had passed him, and that a thousand dollars awaited him in the office of the InterMountain Transportation Company.

THE DAWN

By Joseph Quinney Jr., President of the Canadian Mission

Behold: The morning breaks; the hour of light has dawned. With

majestic touch he sweeps the skies; all space is filled with light. O

what light! It is God who speaks, and with his word all earth

gives ear. The Son of God is born; he is called the Mighty One,

The King.

Behold: With this Son of Light all sordid things are gone; they sleep

in unknown graves, while this Celestial One brings peace. He is

called the Prince of Peace, who stands as God to bless and give—to

lead the way, the eternal way of life, where love is work and work is love.

Behold: The dawn of Light is love, God's pure love to bind up broken hearts. Ah! this Light of all great lights is faith, a pure and

vital faith. The dead are made to live, the blind to see, the sick are

healed, and the dumb sing praises to his name. This Holy One

moves in majestic power, unfolding in his path of grace all life eternal life.

Behold: This Starlit Son of Light is God; he spreads in everlasting

splendor, his rays upon the believing and on the unbelieving. Omnipotent in power, this Light of lights deals justly with the just and

the unjust. The cycle is fixed; all deeds are weighed; the reward is

given as man is found.

Behold: This Mighty One, the Christ, brought gifts to man; not gifts

that die, but gifts that live and grow in God's great garden of love.

Ah! the gift of all great gifts grows in mighty splendor. Christ

gave to man his greatest prize. This gift of Life is ours; immortality

our crown; ours, through this Prince of Peace is eternal life, everlasting joy.

Toronto, Canada HEROES OF SCIENCE By President F. S. Harris, and N. I. Butt, of th

Brigham Young University 10. Mme. Curie

To those who complain that they never have a chance to make good, the life of Madame Curie should be an inspiration. She was a

poor, friendless, untutored Polish girl in the early nineties of the last century when she went to Paris to. secure an education. By the end

of that decade, she was heralded as one of the world's greatest discoverers. Her fame is increasing as the full significance of her contributions become better known.

Marie Sklodowska, who later became Madame Curie, was the daughter of a professor in the '.'Gymnasium"of Warsaw in Russia.

She was born in 1867. In her girlhood days she spent much time in

her father's laboratory where she very likely secured the interest in scientific investigation which later brought her fame. Her schooling

was limited.

At the age of 24, being forced to flee from Russia because of her association with the revolutionary party, she made up her mind to secure an education and devote her life to science. Arriving in

Paris almost penniless she supported herself by doing little odd jobs such as washing bottles at the Sorbonne University, and she lived on bread and milk for months. Later she added to her earnings by private

teaching.

Miss Sklodowska was such an earnest and thorough student of mathematics and the sciences that she soon attracted the attention of the professor at the head of the department in which she worked.

He gave her much of the encouragement and friendship needed in her struggle for success. Also it was through him that she met Pierre

Curie who was studying the same field of science. Due to their

common interests in science these two students soon developed a warm friendship and finally in 1895 they were married.

For the next three years, while she was finishing the school work necessary for her college degree, she was devotedly using all her spare time in helping her husband with his work. Then, with her

preparation complete, her abilities recognized, and her petition to carry on the work approved, she threw her whole efforts into the original scientific research she had so long been preparing herself to do.

One of the subjects being actively investigated at this time was the peculiar light, given off by the newly discovered X-ray, which would penetrate substances opaque to ordinary light. These penetrating

rays were found to come from a chemical substance called uranium.

HEROES OF SCIENCE 55 1

It was in connection with the latter substance that Madame Curie began the work which soon brought fame through the discovery of the wonderful substance called radium.

The first investigation was to test all substances to discover which gave off this peculiar light. Having solved this problem and discovered that a mineral called pitchblend is the best source of the rays,

Madame Curie, together with her husband, undertook the tremendous task of finding whether the rays did not come from some new chemical substance within the mineral.

Starting with a ton of the mineral, each particle of it was carefully examined by means of its action toward electricity. Thousands of the

tiny bits had to be worked with to secure any of the active material they were seeking. When they finally completed the experiment they

bad remaining out of the ton of mineral only a few pounds of the highly refined material in the test tubes of their laboratory.

But even then it was discovered that part of this refined substance (called polonium in honor of Madame Curie's native country) was made up of a part more active than the rest. Another long

period of tedious chemical manipulation was necessary before the active principle, radium, was discovered in 1898. It required twelve

years more before a method was discovered for reducing it to a chemically pure element.

Out of the ton of material they began with, they secured a piece of radium perhaps the size of two or three dozen small grains of sugar. But what a storehouse of energy it proved to be! It

contains more than a million times as much energy as an equal weight of coal. So much energy was stored in this tiny bit of material that

it started scientists to investigating the energy in other materials. They

found that all substances have a tremendous amount of energy, and if they can but learn the secrets of unlocking these stores of energy it will not take huge trains to carry coal about the country, because a very few ounces of fuel will be enough to run a large engine for a long time.

So remarkable were the discoveries of the Curies both in finding radium and in studying it to learn of its many properties, that at three different times they were awarded the most highly prized medals and honors of the scientific world.

In the spring of 1921 the women of America decided to show their appreciation of Madame Curie by presenting her with a gram small radium for further experimentation. Al-—a thimbleful—of

though this quantity is only one twentyseventh of an ounce, it has an actual cash value of hundreds of thousands of dollars. To get this

quantity of radium, it required six hundred tons of ore, a thousand tons of coal, five hundred tons of chemicals, ten thousand tons of chemically pure water, and the labor of 500 men for six months. Such

a reward to the woman who only 25 to 30 years before was nothing 552 IMPROVEMENT ERA

but a poor Polish girl, should be an example to everyone of what determination will do. The appreciation shown Madame Curie

brought tears to her eyes when she received it, but it did not spoil her as she always returns to her work with a grim resolution to live up to the expectations of her admirers.

The first discoveries about radium were important but the subsequent ones have been almost revolutionary. The fact that it breaks

up into entirely new chemical elements is completely changing some of our ideas concerning chemistry, physics, astronomy and geology.

It has been found of great service in medicine and in many other branches of science. Its discoverers have rendered a great service to

mankind.

Provo, Utah.

To My Son You told me that you'd like some lines

By mother. Sammy boy,

And so, my son, this New Year Eve

To write them I will try.

I hope you'll always want to be

Advised by pa and me, And more 1 hope that always we

Shall good advisers be.

You know, when you first came to us 'Way back in nineteentwelve, We thought you almost sweet enough

To be a Fairy Elf.

But since we've found you're very real

And 'live to all that's going,

Now we pa and I expect—your Some day you'll make a showing.

Honor the ones who gave you birth

And to yourself be true;

Remember you've been sent to earth

A glorious work to do.

Then put in your best effort here,

A shining light to be, Be honest, brave, wise and sincere

And from temptation flee.

Be slow to fight a fellow friend

For wrong he's done to you.

But ready always to defend The old. the weak, the true.

Be a good scout and mind your dues,

And your religion, too.

God bless you, son, and help you choose

What's right for yours and you.

Royal Oak, Mich. Lucy Wright Snow

THE FOURTH OF THE FAR FIFTEEN By Alfred Powers

At six p. m., an hour late, the branchline train pulled into

Klamath Falls, Oregon, May 20, 1923. A crowd, regardless of cooling suppers at home, waited eagerly at the postoffice for distribution

of the mail. In that crowd was a boy who wasn't expecting anything

for himself, but who was there to claim and take home to his parents what the postal clerks might place in Box 119.

When he turned the key and opened the window of that box, he found an officiallooking envelope, addressed neither to his father nor his mother but in four typewritten lines to: "Mr. Scott Howe,

Leader Pelican Patrol, Boy Scout Troop No. 1, Klamath Falls, Oregon."He opened the envelope, read the letter and left the postoffice

in haste and excitement.

As quickly as he could he gathered up the seven other members of the patrol for an impromptu meeting at the home of Professor

George Griffin, the scoutmaster, to consider the proposals of the letter, which was from the Panther Patrol of the Boy Scout troop at Hood

River, Oregon, and which read as follows:

Will the Pelican Patrol climb Mt. Shasta to light red fire on the summit at

exactly tenfifteen the night of July Fourth. If so, this patrol promises to be on top

of Mt. Hood at exactly ten o'clock the same night to signal with fireworks. The

quarter of an hour interval will keep each party from being blinded by its own light.

This proposition is made for two reasons: One is to clear up the scientific

point. No one has ever seen Mt. Shasta from Mt. Hood or vice versa. They are two

hundred and fifty miles apart and the question is: Does the natural curvature of

the earth bulge up the intervening Cascade Range so as to break the line of vision?

In daytime, the snowcovered tops are not bright enough to focus the sight to the best advantage at so great a distance. But brilliant fireworks at night would make

the peaks visible from each other if the roundness of the earth doesn't interfere, and to find out definitely whether it does interfere is one reason for this climb.

The other reason is that we can furnish a Fourth of July spectacle which has never been equalled anywhere. Portland's 260,000 inhabitants and many

smaller towns in Oregon, Southern Washington and Northern California can see one or the other illuminated mountain, so that more than half a million people will enjoy the fireworks we put on. Druggists will mix up red fire for about seventyfive

cents a pound. We'll need close to a hundred pounds for each mountain. But the

celebration committees of Portland and the other towns ought to be willing to finance the trips. If you wish, our scoutmaster. Sheriff John Taylor, will see what can

be done about this.

Only six of us can make the climb: John Taylor, scoutmaster; Jess Wilson,

Ben Clark, Jack Sutton, Gus Peterson and Andy Applegate.

We have only about six weeks before the Fourth, so if you can't climb Mt.

Shasta let us know by return mail if possible and we'll submit the proposition to one of the patrols of Medford, Oregon, or Sacramento, California.

Yours very truly, (Signed) JESS WILSON, Leader Panther Patrol, Hood River, Oregon.

5 54 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Medford or Sacramento,"repeated Scott, as the letter was finished. "What do they take us for, tenderfeet? Let's write the letter

now and tell them we're on."

"Yes, let's write it,"they all agreed. "You'll be our guide, won't

you, Professor Griffin? You've climbed the mountain once or twice."

"Yes,"consented the scoutmaster, "I'll go along. But I want

to be sure you boys fully understand what you're undertaking. Shasta

is one of the highest mountains in North America and climbing it is a hard job and may prove a dangerous one. If you burn the red fire

at tenfifteen, you'll have to stay on the summit from then till morning. It'll be the longest night you ever spent in your lives, and cold

say! Eight sets of teeth will clatter all sets, for mine will night—nine

join the chorus. But I believe every boy here is equal to the task.

I wouldn't agree to go along if I didn't think so. Hands up, all who

want to make the climb."

"You see it's unanimous,"announced Scott. "Let's write the

letter.""Before we do that,"said Professor Griffin, "we must take another vote. You're forgetting your parents. Go home, each one

of you, and get their consent. Then we'll write the letter."

No parental veto being reported, they jointly composed the following reply:

You don't need to take your proposition to Medford or Sacramento. This patrol

will be on top of Mt. Shasta to shoot off red fire at exactly 10:15 on the night of

the coming Fourth of July. We shall get the direction of Mt. Hood by compass

and shall be looking for your light at exactly ten o'clock.

You bring up an interesting point as to whether the curvature of the earth's surface is sufficient to cut off the view from one mountain to the other. Mt. Hood

is 11,225 feet high; Mt. Shasta is 14,440. We believe these will be high enough

watch towers to enable us to see the two hundred and fifty miles. We can hardly

wait for the time to come to settle the question by the actual test of sight.

With our scoutmaster, Professor George Griffin, as guide, all eight members of this patrol will undertake the climb, their names being Scott Howe, Ed Stockton,

Walter Underwood, Mike McGee, Ralph vWeed, Cal Eaton, Sid St. Slair and Al

Whitaker.

We shall be glad for Sheriff Taylor to arrange for the expense money as you suggest. We can take up further details by correspondence and probably our scoutmasters can meet for a conference a few days before the Fourth.

Sincerely yours, (Signed) SCOTT HOWE, For the Pelican Patrol.

Plans went ahead, receiving much notice in the newspapers. A

score of Fourth of July posters in as many cities and towns, had prominently displayed as a feature: "Pyrotechnic display from top of

Mt. Hood, 10:00 p. m. Top of Mt. Shasta, 10:15 p. m."

Plenty of money was donated for the enterprise. Other gifts

were made also. Among them was a watch and a compass apiece

for the scoutmasters, and, most prized of all, two American flags from the Daughters of the American Revolution. These thoughtful

THE FOURTH OF THE FAR FIFTEEN 555

women had had special staffs of hickory made, spiked with steel, the silken banners themselves being incased in waterproof tubing. A note

to each patrol explained that in order that the flag might not be an incumbrance, the staff could be used by the boy carrying it as an alpenstock. There was no more beautiful thought in connection with

the whole program than of these two flags fluttering their bright folds at each other from those far distant summits on Independence Day.

The district forestry office in Portland offered the use of four carrier pigeons, two for each patrol, one to be let loose on the way up, preferably at the beginning of the final climb, the other when the summit was reached. In case of accident during the climb, the

second pigeon, if it itself escaped disaster, could carry news and bring help.

Each patrol took regular hikes and hardened themselves for the climb. The Mazamas. the famous mountain climbing club of Oregon, gave help and advice. The scoutmasters had a conference in

Portland. By the last day in June everything was in readiness.

Meanwhile, waiting for their part in the great event, the two silent mountain peaks lifted far upward toward the summer skies their crowns all powdered like a cavalier's wig.

II

It was still dark when the suburban roosters began lustily to herald July second, but the sleeping town of Hood River paid no attention. The town slept on, unheeding and unawakened. It did

not hear a motor truck pass through the streets and out upon a southbound road or the cadenced tramp of feet upon the pavement like soldiers marching.

It was the Panther Patrol, with Sheriff Taylor as guide, starting for Mt. Hood, which, more than twenty miles away, stood unseen in

the morning darkness. They might have ridden part of the way, or

even all of the way, to the timbered base of that great mountain, but they preferred to walk. Their light army packs contained nothing

but their lunches and their mess kits.

The truck, bound for Cloud Cap Inn, 6,500 feet up at timber line, carried their equipment. This consisted of one hundred pounds

of red fire stored in ten watertight bags, a toboggan, a coil of rope, a compass, two carrier pigeons in a box, a hatchet, an ice axe, three part way flashlights, six alpenstocks, one of them—the flag—encased

like a traveler's umbrella, two pup tents, ten woolen blankets, extra clothing to the extent of six pairs of woolen socks, six suits of woolen underclothes and six heavy roughneck sweaters. The truck

also carried a supply of bacon, canned beans, hardtack, raisins, unsweetened chocolate bars and other plain food. This was most of

the equipment, though there were other odds and ends like goggles for the eyes and greasepaint for the face.

5 56 IMPROVEMENT ERA

After this hard day of uphill hiking they might have slept and eaten at Cloud Cap Inn, but they did neither. Among the last windbeaten trees, not far from the lower edge of the white expanse, they

set up their pup tents, cut boughs for mattresses, cooked their suppers, flipped coins to see who would be the lucky ones to sleep in the middle and repaired by threes to their tiny quarters, with all their clothes on, including some of the extras. Only their shoes were taken

off.

Their camp preparations had included the building of a rock coop for the pigeon box. This was further protected by a covering

of boughs, an opening for air being left to leeward.

They needed no alarm clock to get them up in the morning, and at that frosty altitude crowing roosters would have been like painting the lily or bringing coals to Newcastle. An arctic cold, against

which three covers are no adequate protection, is the best kind of inducement for early rising.

In one of the tents a flashlight turned on the face of a watch showed that it was only 3:00 a. m., but the boy announced:

"I'm going to get up."

"No, it isn't time,"protested the boy in the middle. "It isn't

nearly time."

"I'm going to get up, too,"declared the boy on the other side.

This seemed like rank desertion to the boy in the middle. "What's

the big idea,"he demanded, "of getting up in the middle of the night?""To build a fire and thaw the idea,"they replied, out—that's

putting on their stiffened shoes.

Five minutes later, the boy thus left exposed both port and starboard to the creeping chill, reversed his former opinion and called to the firemakers:

"I believe it is time to get up."

They spent that day, July third, in getting their redfire half way up to the top. They tied the ten sacks of this securely on board the

toboggan, using for this purpose part of their rope but leaving a long length to pull with. They harnessed themselves by tying three sticks

at intervals along the rope, two pulling at a stick. By this arrangement also if anyone lost his footing, all he had to do was to hang on.

One hand of each was given over to draft purposes. Each outside

hand carried an alpenstock.

The baggage was no great impediment at first, but before long it began to show a lot of resistance. By the middle of the morning

they were dragging it along by slow and difficult stages. To make

matters worse the July sun distilled tropical weather upon them as they labored. They put on goggles to protect their eyes from the

glare, their faces being already protected from snowburn by greasepaint, lampblack and even patches of court plaster. Forcing the

sled to follow them, they toiled slowly up the steepening slope. They

THE FOURTH OF THE FAR FIFTEEN 557

pulled the toboggan across crevasses on snow bridges, and, lifting it up, carried it like a stretcher over warty areas of lava outcroppings.

At last, with some satisfaction, they looked up at the summit and down at timber line whence they had come. In actual distance they

had come more than half way. But how much steeper it was above

than below. Soon they would have to leave the sled and transfer its

distributed load to their backs.

"Let's call it a day,"said Sheriff Taylor.

Before descending to camp, they cached the toboggan in as protected a place as they could find and anchored it by means of the rope to the neighboring rocks, so that it would not be lifted up and thrown back down the slope by the night winds that whip these altitudes like a winter gale at sea.

After the toil of the day sleep yielded less easily to the interruptions of the cold so the night seemed reasonably short.

At five a. m. on the Fourth of July the mobilized patrol stood

round their extinguished camp fire, all ready for the final ascent. It

was the Fourth of fair weather for which they had cloud, hoped—no

or fog, or threat of rain. The white slopes stretched upward before

them in the starlight.

They took only their alpenstocks, their pack equipment, their extra clothes, the ice axe, the flashlights, the compass, some hardtack and chocolate which they carried in their pockets, and the pigeons, the first of which they meant to turn loose when they reached the cache of the toboggan. In addition, Sheriff Taylor carried a canteen

of water at his belt.

"Forward march!"he called and soon the crusted snow was

crunching under their feet.

They reached the sled at nine o'clock. A boy took one of the

pigeons and warmed it under his sweater, while Sheriff Taylor with a sharppointed pencil wrote a note in tiny script. He fastened this

into the band on the pigeon's leg and the boy with a final stroke of a caressing hand along its glossy back let the messenger fly.

The pigeon spiralled overhead, twice, three times, and then, with its mysterious and unerring sense of direction, started off towards

Portland.

They now turned to the work of the day. They looked up at

the precipitous incline of white and down at the sled with its ten bags of red fire.

"This is the end of the journey for the toboggan,"announced the sheriff. "After this it will be a la pack mule. I'll take three

in my pack. Jess and Ben are big fellows and can handle two

apiece. Jack, you can take the pigeon besides a bag, can't you? Gus

and Andy can take a bag apiece."

They planted weary feet upon the summit at four o'clock and almost wished they hadn't arrived so soon, for the wind, cold and piercing, assailed this pinnacle with savage fury.

558 IMPROVEMENT ERA

First of all they turned loose the pigeon. Then they lost o time

in putting on their extra clothes. Five of them formed a circle, within

which as a dressing room the sixth in turn effected a change. In this

way he got some protection from the icy blasts during the brief period when shoes, shirt and trousers were off and the extra socks and union suit were not yet on.

The additional garments made a lot of difference but were far from affording complete comfort against the buffet of that chill and lofty gale. It was now only fourthirty. They would have to get

along as best they could for nearly six hours longer.

For a while they found ample entertainment in the view spread out before them on every hand. To the north rose the white peaks of

St. Helens, Adams and Ranier. With one sweep of their eyes they

took in three hundred miles of the mighty Columbia's course—from

where it flowed through desert sage and dune to where it met the ocean in a white and tumultuous embrace. Southward their gaze

leaped the zigzag ridges of the Cascades to Mt. Jefferson, Mt. Washington, the Three their strained vision abruptly stopSisters—where

ped, powerless in spite of all the bright daylight that lay over the ranges to make the final reach to Shasta.

To this farleagued landscape they made an appropriate addition. They took the protective covering from the flag, planted the

staff deeply in the snow and loosed the clean, bright standard to the play of the winds, which by this time had begun to die down but which still blew strong enough so the slender hickory pole bent back and forth and the silken banner now contracted in shimmering folds and now stretched this way and that towards various sections of the fair land it symbolized.

At right angles to Portland, in a basin among the exposed rocks, they prepared a place for the red fire but dared not pour it out of the bags and spread it for fear it would be blown away.

The sun went down, the woods and valleys and all the widespreading world faded from view, and the stars came out. Here and

there patches of light denoted the presence of far distant towns and cities.

Except to determine the time at frequent intervals, they moved about and exercised to keep warm without the use of their flashlights, all three of which, with unweakened batteries, would be needed to light the steep way down the mountain to camp after their own illumination and the illumination they hoped to see.

While waiting, they watched the fireworks in Portland and other towns below. From that height and distance they looked like miniature pyrotechnics in Lilliputia. Rockets and Roman candles that

were no doubt hailed witla "Golly, that's a high one"seemed to them to shoot upward only a foot or two and to be wirelike shafts of light no bigger than the filament of an electric bulb.

At last it was five minutes to ten. They poured the red fire

THE FOURTH OF THE FAR FIFTEEN 559

out of the bags, spread it, and at a point of contact fluffed some dry cotton for a fuse.

One boy held a watch, while another stood ready with a match.

"Ten!"cried the timekeeper.

The lighted match was touched to the cotton at the edge of the mealylooking substance spread out there like food for chickens.

All have seen a dark hall made light to its furthest corner with an ounce of photographer's flash powder, but few have seen a hundred pounds of red fire in simultaneous and magnificent conflagration.

Suddenly, at the wholesale ignition, the dark and lofty world where they stood grew brighter than day. Crimson snow, crimson

rocks and crimson faces of one another. No alloy of smoke, no ailoy

of mealy chemical, with its mixture of red chellac, gave violence—the

all its energy to the creation of a pure and dazzling flame. It was

too brilliant for the eyes to look upon. It was more intense than

the sun's rays at summer noonday and redder than those rays at setting

For a minute only it held vivid sway over the ruddied mountain top and in the night above. Then upon the instant the transitory splendor

faded and the redescending darkness settled down ten times more pro found than before.

At twelve minutes after ten, standing in a row, they faced toward the south in the direction the compass showed them Shasta to be.

During these three minutes they were on guard against the chance of any discrepancy of time, though the watch that the sheriff held in his hand had been regulated to the second with Professor Griffin's.

They stood in peering expectancy, focused eyes alert to catch the faintest gleam of that distant signal. The watch said fourteen minutes after ten. Then the second hand went round till it reached forty

"Watch for the light,"cautioned Sheriff Taylor. The hand

reached sixty. It was tenfifteen. The time had arrived for the greatest of all triumphs of human sight.

But they saw nothing. There was no light, no signal, no disturbance of the universal darkness southward across the ranges.

At less tension, but still hopefully, they waited five minute;

more, but they waited in vain.

They forgot that the roundness of the earth might have shut off the signal, forgot that the red fire on Shasta might have burned unafter the longseen by them. They were sure this could not be—not

distances they had seen that day. And they knew that if the other

climbers had failed, danger and accident were back of that failure.

fear:There came to them all one thought—one

"What has happened to the Pelican Patrol on Mt. Shasta?"

Ill

In the city of Portland thousands of people shared this concern.

The modern newspaper works fast. A few minutes after the light on

560 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Mt. Hood, the morning edition was on the street with a brief account

of it. The raucous chorus came from the newsboys:

"Morning p-a-per! Illumination of Mt. Hood. Boys lost on

Shasta! Oregonian p-a-per! Paper, mister?"

The account read as follows:

"The most unique Fourth of July event ever staged in Oregon and probably the whole nation was the illumination of Mt. Hood.

Precisely at ten p. m., the time appointed, a bright red light shone

way up in the sky above the eastern horizon. It lasted for fiftyfive

seconds and was greeted with cheers from the thousands congregated on the bridges, wharves, roofs and the hills back of town, and with vigorous and longcontinued whistles from the vessels in the harbor.

"But what has happened to the boys that climbed Mt. Shasta

to illuminate it in a similar manner?"

"Three pigeons have returned to the cote of Forest Examiner

James McDuff. Two of these are from Mt. Hood, where we know

the boys are safe. The one from Mt. Shasta was turned loose at

8:30 a. m. and reached Portland at 12:30 p. m., making the two hundred and fifty miles in four hours. It brought this abbreviated message: 'Jly 4. %y2 a. m. Jway up slope fm timber line. Evrybdy

O. K. Pel. Patrol.'

"The second pigeon was to be released as soon as the patrol reached the summit. Why hasn't it arrived? What has happened to

the boy climbers of Shasta?"

IV What indeed had been the fate of the Pelican Patrol while toiling up the snowy slopes of Shasta? By what danger had their progress

been halted? By what catastrophe had they been overwhelmed?

With practically the same equipment as the Hood River group they had started out from Klamath Falls on the morning of July second. They went by train to Sisson, California, where they secured packhorse transportation for the bulk of their supplies to timber

line.

They had spent July third, as had the Panther Patrol on Mt.

Hood, pulling their loaded toboggan as far as possible up the mountain side.

From the place of its cache, at 8:30 a. m. on July Fourth, they

had released the first pigeon and had started on the long march upward.

There are several available routes up Shasta but they selected the one ordinarily used by the Sisson guides. This was over a snow

field flanked on either hand by two sharp ridges, or hog backs, which buttressed the mountain on that side and which lifted almost vertical walls a thousand feet above the snow. These had serried and crumbling

skylines from which the boulders tumbled in mighty cannonading.

THE FOURTH OF THE FAR FIFTEEN 561

Luckily, the glacier was wide enough so they were safe from being crushed. They did not go up the center, however, but kept as far

to the right as they safely could. They did this because the snow

not only sloped down but rather steeply from left to right. Their

march was along the lower side.

A little after eleven they came to a crevice that stretched athwart their path, without a bridge of snow anywhere in sight. The fissure

extended clear across the snow field from one ridge to the other.

They might have found a crossing at the end of it, along the base of the nearest ridge, but they had seen too many huge stones come catapulting down to expose themselves even briefly in that constantly menaced locality.

But it was necessary to get across. Further along, toward the

righthand ridge they found a place where the cleavage was only six or seven feet wide. Not all of them had ever qualified for the broad

jump in track events but they decided this could be leaped in safety, though they realized that six feet on safe and level ground is quite different from six feet over an abyss.

They stood cautiously at the edge of the crevasse to test the solidity of the bank and peered down its sheer and gleaming walls.

Although out at the center it was probably hundreds of feet deep, here it was not more than fifty or sixty feet.

"I'll go across first,"said Professor Griffin. "I'll hold one end

of the rope and jump. You boys hold the other end so you can

break my fall if I tumble in."

He made it across without mishap as did four of the boys. Then

before the others jumped, they gave their attention to getting the loaded toboggan across. How to do this had stumped them at first

but they had hit upon a plan which they now carried out.

The rope was attached so that a length extended from each corner of the sled. The two front lengths were thrown across to

the four boys and Professor Griffin on the far side, the other four boys managing the rear ropes. When the toboggan was safely over,

those on the far side pulled it several yards out of the way, towards the cliff at the right where they saw a smooth ascent for its runners when they should start upward. They left it there, detached the rope,

and returned to their place opposite the four who still had to cross.

Just then a crash of thunder came from the summit. While

climbing they had seen a cloud resting on the top, but had thought nothing of it except that it might prevent their illumination from being seen to the best advantage if it continued to hang there, as it probably wouldn't, for they knew that such foggy wreaths were accustomed to disappear as quickly as they formed. But now the

whole volume of the cloud was black and sinister and pregnant with electricity. They were to witness one of the sudden thunderstorms

that wrack this peak when all the world below is calm and bright.

The angry cloud boiled round the pinnacle and in its turmoil shot 562 IMPROVEMENT ERA

out dark and opaque arms of vapor a short way over the ridges. The

thunder pealed and reverberated and seemed to shake with its awful claps the whole vast bulk of the mountain, while tongues of lightning shot out and hurled zigzag streaks against the crags.

It was a spectacle to intimidate and alarm but strangely enough the fair weather where they stood was scarcely disturbed. The four

remaining boys began to cross the crevasse. Now the rope was held

on the farther side, not directly in front of the person jumping but off to one side so he would not be impeded by it or get entangled in it.

Sometimes as a boy was running to make the leap he was stopped at the very brink, as one stops at sight of a snake, by a sharp clap of thunder. It did not strike him; it was the terrible sound

that halted him in his tracks.

In a few minutes all had safely crossed except Scott. His alpenstock was the flag. Holding this in his left hand and the end of the

rope in his right, he jumped as the others before him had done.

As he landed he stuck his staff like a spear in the snow at his feet. This snow, weakened by the repeated jars, began to cave, so

that Scott was able to save himself only by grabbing hold with both hands of the rope which the boys pulled towards them, the snow on which he had stood falling with a crash as he quitted it.

gone American flag—had He was safe but the alpenstock—the

down into the crevasse with the cavein.

"It's the flag,"said Scott, "and we must rescue it."

"Yes,"agreed Professor Griffin, "I'm sure none of us feel like leaving it down there. You boys hang onto the rope and I'll go

down after it."

"Let me,"asked Scott. "I'm lighter than you. You'll be stouter

holding the rope. And I was the one that lost it. Let me go."

Professor Griffin hesitated a moment, looked over the edge from a safe place and saw the staff sticking up from amidst the fallen ice at the bottom. It didn't appear particularly hazardous. "You can

go,"he said.

They threw the end of the rope down into the crevasse, all eight of them hanging on, while Scott scaled down hand over hand to the bottom. "I'm down,"he called and they felt the weight go from the rope. "I'll have to do some digging to get it out."

As they waited to pull him up, the detonations above rolled in long crescendo, ending up with deafening crashes. A bolt of

lightning bigger than a cable shot out like a vivid arm from cloud to ridge ridge on the left and farthest away. There was another top—the

crash but this time it wasn't of thunder. At the impact of the

lightning a rock as big as a house left a gap in the skyline of the cliff and leaped down a thousand feet. Up to this time the patrol

had been safe but they were safe no longer.

THE FOURTH OF THE FAR FIFTEEN 563

The jar of those hundreds of tons of granite set moving the snow on the steep momi.iiji side. They saw it start and they knew

what it meant. The snow field, as has been said, not only sloped

down but from left to where the stone had fallen to right—from

where they stood. It would it was come—already coming—diagonally

down and they would be in its path. It was beginning to gain

momentum and a spray of snow dust rose from its surface. If they

could have run then they could have got out of the way. But they

had a duty to perform.

"Catch the rope,"they shouted to Scott. "An avalanche! Catch

the rope!"As they spoke they jerked on the rope but it came up without weight. In their anxiety they had jerked it out of his hands before

he had firm hold of it. They gave it length and let it back down

again. But by now the rushing, roaring snowslide was practically

upon them.

Terrible are the decisions demanded by peril, but brave men with only a second of time somehow choose when nothing is left but a choice of hazards. What would you have done? That rope with

its weight of nearly a hundred and forty pounds could never be pulled out in time.

"Drop the rope and run!"came the sharp command from Professor Griffin. the sled!""Run—past He followed them with racing feet but held on to the end of

the rope and went no further than its length. As he stopped there

was a tug at it from the bottom of the crevasse.

"He still expects us to pull him out,"thought the scoumaster, and that was his last thought before the flood of ice and snow engulfed him in its outer edge.

The boys, whose flight had saved them, came running up, white with terror.

"Professor Griffin?"they cried, fearing that he was dead.

"I'm all right, boys,"he said, fighting his way out of the snow that nearly buried him. Just stunned a hard piece of little—one

snow. The rest was loose. I still have the rope here. How's

Scott?"At the question there was one fear in the hearts of all. Where

once had been the crevasse was a ridge of snow. Their comrade

was buried fifty feet down under all this.

"Don't give up hope, boys,"the scoutmaster urged. "If be

was not injured and still has hold of the rope we can get him out."

They dug and distinterred the rope back to the original edge of the crevasse. Then they made a trial pull. The rope stuck but

whether from the weight at the end or because of the great thickness of snow through which it went and which was congealing around it, they did not know.

5 64 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"He may be stunned,"said the guide "Certainly he can't stay

'down there long without being smothered. We must work fast. We

must dig down to him. We'll reach him by following the rope."

No time was lost. They pulled the toboggan apart and using

the runners as shovels began to dig a well down through the new snow to the boy buried below.

At first they threw the snow out by armfuls but when they had descended over their heads they faced the serious problem of getting it out of the well.

"Sweaters,"suggested one. "We can use them for buckets."

"Just the thing,"they all agreed.

The necks and sleeves were tied with cords. They were filled

and handed out until the well became too deep; then they were pulled

out with the free length of the rope. Rapidly the boys dug. Never

was a shaft sunk so quickly.

"Scott! Scott!"they shouted as loudly as they could through

the thinning roof of snow. But there was no answer. They pulled

on the rope. It gave. After the first frozen grip of the ice was

loosened they might without difficulty have pulled it out. They

knew now that no one had hold of it below.

"I fear the worst,"admitted Professor Griffin. "But we must

recover the body."

So on they dug, drawing up in rapid succession the sweaterfuls of snow, sinking deeper and deeper the shaft which they no longer dared hope would reach their entombed comrade in time.

Then the boys on the rim heard a call. "Listen,"they said,

"didn't you hear him?"They leaned attentively over the excavation,

thinking the voice had come up from there. Those in the well also

stopped and listened, but no voice came up to them from under the snow.

Was it their imagination? Were they hearing ghost voices? No,

for the call was repeated, this time in plainly articulate words and unmuffled by any intervening wall of snow. "Here I am. Over here.

I'm coming."

The boys on the rim looked in the direction of the farther ridge and saw Scott making his way towards them across the wide and disheveled trail of the snowslide.

"What are you doing?"he asked when he came up. "Digging my

grave?""No,"they replied. "We thought we were digging you out of

your grave. How in the world did you get out?"

"The crevasse widened out at the bottom,"he explained. 'At

its floor it is forty or fifty feet wide, running back under each wall.

This is what saved me. When I heard you yell "Avalanche!"I

ducked under the shelter of the upper wall, still holding onto the end of the rope, for I didn't know what would happen to me. But

THE FOURTH OF THE FAR FIFTEEN 565

when the snow and ice poured in, it didn't hurt me at all. The fill

widened some at the bottom as it was pressed down by its own weight from above but it didn't spread all the way to the back edge of the cavity. A little cave or tunnel was left, big enough for me to crawl

in, and I want to tell you I lost no time in crawling. I yelled to

you fellows that I was all right but I wasn't sure you'd hear me through all that snow. A good deal of the way it was so low I

bumped my head against the ice above and couldn't go on all fours but had to slide along on my stomach like a snake. I lost all sense of direction, I guess. I thought I was heading for the nearer cliff, but it

turned out to be the farther one, so I had to go under the whole width of the snowslide. I thought I never would get through crawling, but

I finally came to where the crevasse was no longer filled with snow. I

climbed out over the end of the fill to the top, and here I am and you see I've got the flag."

A detailed account of the rest of their journey to the top would be an account of toil and hardships, of weary climbing on the part of boys already worn out with fatigue and excitement, of delays and disappointments in the dark that overtook them and the heavy fog that encompassed them.

After the summit plateau of the mountain is reached, Shasta Peak, a craggy pinnacle about four hundred feet high, must still be scaled.

At the base of this, only a few minutes before ten o'clock, they turned the pigeon loose and with the red fire on their backs began to climb, hoping to emerge from the fog in time to see the signal of the

Panther Patrol. It was a slow ascent, for there in the dark a slip

meant a sheer fall and almost certain destruction on the rocky talus below. At ten o'clock the thick and opaque vapor still enveloped

them above and below and towards the Mt. Hood signal fire, whose

250mil gleam was destined never to gladden their eyes. Sight of

it was as completely shut off by the fog as if by a drawn window blind They were forever bereft of the reward of that climb, but its duty might still be performed. So they continued to drag weary bodies

yard by yard up the almost vertical wall of the pinnacle. At last

the leader was greeted by the countless and gleaming stars overhead, and the clammy touch of vapor was lifted from his face. The last 30

feet of the spire, like a lonely tower on an offshore reef, rose above a smoothbosomed ocean of fog. They went on upward to the top,

spread the red fire, touched a match to the cotton fuse, and unfurled the flag to the sudden burst of light.

But it was half past ten. They were a quarter of an hour late.

Would the light, coming so tardily, be of any avail? Or would

the question of the roundness of the earth shutting off the view from one mountain to the other, remain a question still?

566 IMPROVEMENT ERA V "They've failed to reach the top,"declared a member of the

Panther Patrol on top of Mt. Hood. "Let's go. We'll freeze if we

stay here much longer."

"It's only twenty minutes past ten,"replied Jess Wilson. "They

may be late. Let's don't take any chances. I move we wait ten

minutes half past. Ten minutes isn't long."more—till

But it seemed long, interminably long, to the group standing there with clattering teeth.

"Is it ten minutes yet?"

"No, only three minutes."

At last the slowmoving watch hand reached tenthirty.

"No use to wait any longer. Let's go."

But before they had lifted their feet for the march, before their eyes had been turned from their southward gaze, a boy cried out: "I

see it! Look, I see the light!"

The signal came to them unmistakably as they watched—came

from Shasta two hundred and fifty miles away. They saw it like a

faint flash of lightning reaching dimly above a distant horizon, like a phosphorescent glow in a forest trail, like the faraway lantern light must have looked to Columbus on first approaching the Western

Isles.

Eugene, Oregon.

One Good Work

No pen of mine can ever tell, No word of mine can ever say How weak I was. how far I fell,

And blinder grew, yes, every day.

Hazy thoughts had I of heaven,

And thoughts of God were just the same.

I had prayed and tried and striven

But it was always the same.

Walking in the depths of darkness,

Down in the vales of deep dispair,

Groping sadly in my blindness:

But you came; you found me there.

You then shewed me paths of sunshine.

Paths along which gladness flows.

Clearing all my hazy visions, All my doubts and all my woes:

May your life be long and happy,

Doing good where e'er you can.

May God always bless and help you

To be a "Mormon"and a man.

HoHrt, Tasmania. Elsie Parton

My Day of Silence The many times have I beheld each scene,

With deep emotions looked upon these vales;

Have onward gazed to where the mountains lean;

The past have weighed once more in trembling scales.

Aye, dwelt with love have I laughed in fond pride,

Or closed mine eyes, in anguish bowed my head;

Here, act nor word a happiness did hide,

Albeit, mine heart anon hath been as lead.

This hour, this day, a silence held these lips;

Mute have I been, nor held a speech with man;

Lost pain is sweet, remorse can sting as whips,

From changing years I with the moments ran:

This day in Silence life I've held in lease,

From Nature's Voice my heart hath found a peace!

Alfred Lambourne.

LANGUAGE OF WHITE INDIANS

By J. M. Sjodahl

Some time ago it was reported that an American explorer, Prof.

R. O. Marsh, had discovered "white Indians"in the mountain fastnesses of Darien, in Panama. He even brought some children with

him to Washington to prove his discovery. Some thought they were

albinos, but Prof. Marsh himself did not accept that view. He is

said to be in the country of the white Indians now, to pursue his studies and observations.

A linguist of the Smithsonian institution, Dr. John T. Harrington, and the chief translator of the post office department in Washington, R. P. Vogenitz, are studying the Tule language, spoken in the

San Bias region, where the white Indians came from. Bancroft gives

a meagre list of words in this language, but he remarks that Tule and some other names are new, "not found in the works of any of the older writers."The gentlemen mentioned have, therefore, a new,

almost unexplored field before them.

The results so far obtained indicate the possibility of some new development in the study of the American prehistoric age; for it appears that a great many words in this Indian vernacular show a striking

similarity to the languages of northern Europe. In an article in a

recent number of The Literary Digest, an interesting list of such words and their counterparts in the Norse tongue is printed. They are taken

from the Science Service's Daily Science News Bulletin, Washington.

Here are some of them, with the addition of a few German equivalents:

Indian Norse: German: English

arbaide arbeide arbeit work kale kalde call parte platte platte plate parbatti farvet farbe color saijc sage sagen say ultie hyle huelen howl witsi vide wissen wir ekise eiska ask sine svin schwein swine tige dige ditch

There are other words that remind one of French, Spanish and also Hebrew. Their word for "American"is "Meriki,"which may,

or may not, have been borrowed from the Spanish. It is more probable

that it is a native word adopted by the Spaniards, as are many other names, such as "Panama,""Darien"and others. Its form seems to be

Indian analogous to "Chiriqui,"also a geographical name, and it certainly occurs in Indian languages, in one form or another, all the way from the "Amerique"m Nicaragua to "Maracaibo"in Venezuela and

LANGUAGE OF WHITE INDIANS 569

the "marca"which recurs frequently in geographic names in Peru.

Another Tule Indian word "mani,"for "money"may, of course, have come through English channels, but it may also be pure Hebrew, from "manah,"to "count,"to "number,"and may have been known among the Indians as a term for such equivalents for money as they had, long before the arrival of the Europeans.

To some the supposed resemblance of words in the Tula language to words in European languages may appear improbable and unworthy of consideration, perhaps even as nothing but fake. But anyone who

has given the subject serious attention will recognize the importance of every discovery that connects the American native races with the

Old World, and that such connecting links are to be looked for in the languages, if anywhere.

As is well known, the Norse is one of the vast stock of languages, known as the IndoEuropean, and sometimes the Aryan, which comprises the Hindoo, Persian, Greek, Latin, Celtic, Teutonic, Slavonic and some other. Now the great question is, Do the Indians, or any of

them, belong to this group of races, or do they form a division of mankind distinct and different from the rest? Some scientists of

high standing maintain that this is the case. They tell us that the

American natives grew upon this continent, just as Topsy "growed,"without both father and mother. And when the similarity of languages

is pointed out they dismiss the agreement on the ground that the resemblance is only accidental; or, if they are conscious of the weakness

of this proposition, they argue that such resemblance only proves that the human mind in videly separated parts of the world runs in similar channels and arrives at similar results, under similar conditions. That is to say, if we find, for instance, that a certain combination of sounds in Sanskrit, Latin, Greek, Arabic, Spanish, etc., means

"land"or "earth,"then that proves affinity bewteen those languages and the people that spoke or speak them; and if we find many words

common to the languages mentioned, that establishes such affinity beyond a doubt. But if we find the same word in the Aztec tongue

meaning "land,"that does not prove that the Aztec belongs to the same stock as the others; and if we find a hundred words unmistakably

connecting some Indian languages with the Aryan or IndoEuropean, that proves no connection between them, only that the human mind operates along similar lines. Such is the "scientific"reasoning, which

refutes itself.

Now, the fact is, that in Indian languages a great number of words are found that both in form and meaning indicate Oldworld kinship.

Elu, the Lenape for the Deity is evidently the same as the "El,""II,""Eloha,""Elohim"and "Allah"of the Semitic languages. It is

found in many Indian dialects all over North and South America.

Jinwis (Lenape) is the Hebrew ish, or "man,"the "w"being an article, indicating either "he"or "she"or "they."

5 70 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Ini (Lenape; Hebr., ana) means "me,""I,"or "my."

Lapan (Lenape) means "white,"as does the Semitic laban, lebanon, libna, etc.

Aki (Lenape) means "land"and is akin to "acre,""aker,""ager,""acker,"etc., in European languages, all meaning "field,"

"soil."In one of the Lenape accounts, the following occurs: "Thus

the White Country [Lumonaki], north of the Turtle Country, became the hunting country of the turtling true men"(Rafinesque.)

Angelatawixvak (Lenape) means "angels,"and is identic with the Greek "angelos"plus the Lenape plural ending.

Turei (Haytian) for "heaven"is "T""thou,""ur"(Heb.

"or") "light,"and "ei,""be.""Be thou light."The Hebrew,

jehi or, "let there be light."

Di (Haytian) for "day"is evidently cognate to "dies"(Latin) and "day,"'dag""tag"etc. of modern European languages.

In Haytian we have, further, "bi"for "life."Compare "bios"

(Greek) in "biology,""biography,"etc. "Ba,"for habitation (Heb.

"beth"); baba, "father,"mama, "mother,"and so on.

Palla (Peruvian or Quichua) for, a "lady of royal blood,"considered of divine origin. Compare the Greek "pallas Athene,"

the title of that goddess.

Malqui (Quichua), a king, whether living or dead, but particularly a royal mummy; evidently akin to melech (Heb.) and molik

(Aryan), from which we have such words as "mola"(Latin) "myle"(Greek), "moella,""myhle,""mill,"etc., and the "ik"or "inkh,"

to "move back and forth"so that a melech, a king, is, according to the meaning of the word, "one who makes the mill go;"that is, a

provider, or a director of productive labor. The world is found in the

Aztec molictli, the "elbow,"which also is a "mill mover."

Cuna (Quichua) in "mamacuna"for "matron,"is one who performs the duties of a mother. Compare "gyne"(Greek) for

woman, and "kone"(Danish) and "kona"(Swedish).

Mr. H. H. Bancroft, who favors the autochthonic theory of the

origin of the Indians, gives a number of native words, which seem to resemble words from Oldworld languages, but he maintains that this is merely accidental. But Mr. T. S. Denison, who has studied

the subject more thoroughly, has shown, in a scholarly little work on "The Primitive Aryans of America,"the real connection or relationship between the Nahuatl or Mexican and the Aryan group of languages. In concluding that work, he says: "For a time I hoped

that I had discovered a very ancient language that might throw more light on the original speech of mankind, but finally it came to this, that I had simply added another tongue to the Aryan group."Mr.

Denison also says, "Nahuatl is an Aryan language. Furthermore, it is

closely related to Zend and Sanskrit, but nearer phonetically to the former. It is, in fact, older than either, and is, I think, closely akin to

LANGUAGE OF WHITE INDIANS 571

the archaic Aryan dialects of Kafirisan."(The Primitive Aryans of

America, p. 134.)

The full force of this comment, as regards the American race, can be understood, when we remember that scientists now are disposed to regard all the Indian languages and dialects, notwithstanding their diversities, as one family. What Mr. Denison observes regarding the

Aztec, we must apply to the entire family group, of which this

Mexican language is but one member.

If, then, the Indian languages are the relatives of all other IndoEuropean tongues, including those of northern Europe, it is to be expected, that in some words, they should have a family resemblance to those relatives. Abbe Brasseur de Bourbourg found in Centra!

American languages traces of not only Norse words, but of Latin,

Greek, English, French, etc., tongues, and this is but natural. The

Norse and other similar words in the speech of the Panama Indians is, then, only a confirmation of the observations of early students. They

do not necessarily prove that the vikings who followed Leif Ericson to the American shores extended their explorations and settlements as far as Darien, but they do prove that the Indians there, and the

Norse, the Latin, and other races derived their languages originally from the same source.

Start Smiling

What's the use of always pining

For the things you cannot get?

What's the use of sitting whining,

Till your eyes with tears are wet?

Dry your eyes and cease your weeping.

Through dim eyes the world looks blue,

And your tears may just be keeping

The bright sunlight from your view.

I don't doubt you've had your trouble.

Everyone must have his share:

Grieving only makes it double,

Never helps one's woes to bear.

Better far to just start smiling.

Smiles will chase the clouds away,

And our sorrows all beguiling Change the skies to blue from gray.

So. when you are filled with sadness,

And you're cross and feeling blue,

And there seems to be no gladness

Left in all the world for you—

Just you try the charm of singing.

And I'm sure you'll find e'er long

All the joy bells will be ringing

With the gladness of your song.

Phoenix. Arizona. ROBERTA FLAKE CLAYTON.

GREATER LOVE By Georgia L. Pinkerton

Mona Belisle sat in a low chair on the shady porch busily embroidering an intricate B on the corner of a crisp, snowy napkin.

As she sewed, she hummed a soft little song, breaking, unconsciously, now and then into its words. She made a pretty picture, with the

sun flecks shining through the leaves, making a study of sunlight and shadow on her green dress and her wavy, brown hair. The

light of dreams was in her eyes.

Donald Bruce crossed the lawn, unseen by the girl in the chair, his footsteps making no sound in the soft grass.

He stopped near her, silent adoration plainly visible on his goodlooking face. But there was doubt there, also, and a little sadness; for, much as he loved this winsome miss who had promised to

be his wife, he sometimes wondered if her religion meant as much to her as it did to him, and he knew that he had come to test her.

"My busy bee's at work as usual,"he finally said; and that

she was not greatly startled to find him there seemed to prove that he had been in her thoughts all the time.

As she waved him to a seat on the step she said, "Yes, something more for our House o'Dreams. And think, Donald, this is September. Three months more, and our dreams will come true."

She looked down at him to see the light of love that her pretty enthusiasm always brought, and then, for the first time she saw that something was troubling him. "Why, Donald, what—"she began, but he interrupted her.

"Little girl, what if there can be no wedding in three months?

What if our House o'Dreams must do without its queen for a while?"

Mona's eyes got big and frightened. "No wedding! Why!

Don't you love me any more?"

"Love you!"he cried, beginning to rise. "You know I love

you better than my life."He started toward her, but drew back a

step and stood straight before her while he went on, "But there is something else. I've been called on a mission, I am to go I—well,

almost at once. It will be better this way, for I shall be back

sooner."His words sounded stilted and cold, but his voice was pleading.

But Mona seemed not to hear the pleading tone.

"Going on a mission now? Before December? You don't

want to mary me?"

"Marry you!"he echoed. "Why life with you has been for

years the best and the greatest of all my dreams. But, Mona, don't

you see that the dream must be delayed? I could never look anyone

in the face again, if I refused to do this for my Church. And I

GREATER LOVE 573

should be ashamed to ask God for another blessing, little girl, can't you see?"But, Mona, staring past him, seemed not to hear his prayer.

A cold, hard look was beginning to dawn on her face.

"But you could ask them to wait. A year would make no difference to them, and it would mean so much to us. Think of the

House o'Dreams shut up and silent for so long. And Eileen and

Helen and all the girls are married already, or are going to be, soon.

Don't you think of me at all?"

"Yes, I have thought of you, more than of myself or anyone else,"stated Donald in a steady voice. "But how would you like to

marry a slacker? And that is what I should be if I refused to fight

God's battles, just as surely as if I would not fight for my country.

I don't want to be dramatic about it, but I can understand that thing about not loving you so well if I didn't love honor more. If I

shirked, you couldn't love me, because I couldn't respect myself.

No; I must go. But let me not go without your consent and an

assurance of your love. With these it will be as much your mission

as mine.

After this long speech, he waited, whitefaced but determined.

Mona sat without speaking. After a minute he took her hand; she

withdrew it angrily.

"You may go,"she said, "but not with my love nor my consent. The latter is no longer necessary, for we are no longer anything

to each other. I know now how little your love for me is to you."

Rising, she darted into the house before he could protest. Alone

in her room, she flung herself on her bed and sobbed wildly. But

when the sobs ceased, and the last of the tears dried on her hot cheeks, there was no relenting in her selfpity and anger. heart—only

The days passed. Donald sent two letters, but Mona returned

them, unopened. He called, but she refused to see him. She was

careful to go no place where he might be. Yet she knew that preparations for his departure were being made. She was urged to attend

a farewell party that the ward were giving for him. And then she

heard that he was gone.

After his departure she tried to take up her old life, but everything seemed changed. The friends that she and Donald had in

common treated her rather coldly, or she imagined that they did.

When she was among them, there were frequent allusions to him and his work, and questions that she found it hard to answer; for, though

they all guessed that all was not right between her and Donald she had never told them of her broken engagement.

To avoid this embarrassment she went more and more with another crowd. Their careless appearance, their rude behavior, sometimes were revolting to her refined and fellbred nature. But she

knew that this association would be greatly disapproved of by Donald, and she wanted to hurt him as she had been hurt. Then, too,

5 74 IMPROVEMENT ERA

she thought that this behavior was proving to herself as well as to others that she did not care.

Only with Eileen Houston, her chum from littlegirl days, was she her frank, old self. Eileen, with Robert Loring, was to have

shared that Christmas wedding day. To her only did Mona sob out

the whole miserable story. Eileen had almost allowed her love to

overcome her sense of justice and her love for her Church, and had petted and comforted Mona as she would have done a child.

Then Eileen had a sorrow of her own to confide. She told

Mona of her fears concerning Robert. They had for a foundation

dissatisfied grumbling about his salary and unjust treatment by his employer, the unpleasant odor of cigarettes in his clothing, a broken engagement with her which he had explained so clumsily that she feared he had not told the truth, and once, at a dancing party, the unmistakable smell of whisky on his breath.

She was trying so hard, she told Mona, to make him see his mistakes. "Sometimes,"she said, "he is ashamed and promises to

do better, but at others, he is cross and acts as if he does not love me at all. Then I can only pray that God will help me to bring him

back. And our wedding day only a month away."

And then, the day before the one they had expected to be so joyous, Mona was called to the 'phone. A voice which she recognized as Eileen's,, though it was sobchoked, begged her to come to her.

Mona lost no time, and soon Mrs. Houston, distressed, but gentle

as ever, was telling her to go to Eileen's room. There she found

a griefsticken little creature, convulsive sobs shaking her body: "OMona! Robert,"she cied. "He—

"He isn't dead, is he?"gasped Mona.

"No, not dead,"Eileen answered after she had become more calm.

"But he stole from his employer. They arrested him. Maybe he will

go to prison. I saw him, and he told me all about it. How he had got

into a fast set and had learned to smoke and drink and gamble. How

these had weakened him until, when he needed more money, he had stolen it. He doesn't blame the others, because, he says, he has had a

Christian raising and had the Church to help him, while many of them grew up to the life they are leading. But, O, he sees now how

wrong it all is, and he is going to take whatever punishment they give him, humbly, because he knows he deserves it. And when it is

over, he is going to be the man he knows how to be. And I am

going to wait for him. God heard my prayers after all, and this is

one of the mysterious ways he has of performing his wonders."

And as if the telling of her sorrows and her hopes to her friend had lightened the first and enlarged the last, she lay quietly smiling and finally went to sleep.

As Mona sat by her friend's bed, she thought of what she said:

"I am going to wait for him."How great must have been her love

GREATER LOVE 575

and faith to have made that possible, in the midst of all the sorrow and disgrace.

Then she thought of her own love, and for the first time she became ashamed of her actions on that day three months before. She

had been asked to wait, and she had refused, though the waiting would not have been onetenth as hard as Eileen's. And what had

happened? Her love had failed! Was it because it had been founded

on selfishness and worldliness, rather than on unselfishness and trust in God?

Mona tiptoed out of the room, and leaving word with Mrs.

Houston that she would be back later, she hurried home. There,

she wrote a long letter.

What is said we can only guess, but a few days later, a young man in a faraway town read that very letter, and from the look of happiness and joy xhat came to his face wt can scarcely doubt that it contained very good news, indeed.

"Well, you must have received word that you have fallen heir to a fortune,"jokingly remarked his companion missionary who had just entered the room.

"I have,"Donald laughed shakily, "a pearl of great price."

He did not explain further, but his companion, who had known him for several weeks and who was a discerning young man, understood.

Red Mesa, Colorado

Adversity's Test

Be glad of the trials that come in your way,

Let them not fill your hearts with dismay;

For the strife of this life forms a ladder by which

We ascend to the heights we've been hoping to reach.

In this ladder we climb, every hardship's a round,

Which lifts us up farther away from the ground;

For we rise by the things that are under our feet,

That we've conquered with courage that knows no defeat.

Every conquest we make in our journey through life

Gives us strength to endure still more of the strife,

We grow in our strength by each battle we've won,

In the trials we meet, till life's race is run.

Consider the oak which stands all alone,

And weathers the elements till it is grown,

You will find it much stronger and tougher by far

Than the trees which never have known adversity's scar.

Then be glad and rejoice if your journey seems hard,

For each knock lifts you upward though your pathway is barred;

If you meet it with courage and strive with your might,

To be on God's side, and always do right.

Swedish Mission Vance - LlND I WAS CURED OF PURLOINING HOW By Glen Perrins

Mother always maintained I never really stole things when I was little, but she admitted rather reluctantly that my idea of what was my property, and what was my neighbor's was somewhat vague.

I had a "taking way,"so to speak. Many's the time my dear

mother herself returned to the owners little "trinkets"or what not,

I had "borrowed"and stored away in my "junk"box. In a safe

corner in the woodshed I kept my treasure chest, all my own, and filled with things dear to the heart of a boy rare rocks, pretty beads, bent nails, a hammer head or two, old tin cans, and other "valuables"of a miscellaneous nature.

Without doubt, this "pickingup"habit of my childhood days would characterize my maturer years, but for a certain experience

I had when I was eight or nine years old.

One day father and mother and I were walking along the street on a quiet afternoon. We passed a fruit stand where luscious

peaches, grapes, pears, etc., were temptingly displayed. I looked

longingly at them and fell unnoticed a little behind my parents. A

crate of red plums. I could not resist.certain box held my eyes—a

The decision came quickly, and as quickly I reached out a small hand and clutched one of the largest and ripest of the lot. I hurried

on and overtook father and mother. The fruit dealer had not seen

me and my parents had not missed me, so I "fell in"just as if nothing had happened.

We had gone a block when I essayed to eat my plum. In the act

of putting it to my mouth and before I had sunk my teeth in the delicious morsel, father saw me.

My face registered guilt and never shall I forget the look on father as he demanded to know how I had come into possession of my plum. "The store down the street had a lot—"I began timorously and half coaxingly. "They won't ever miss—

But he interrupted my explanation.

"It is about time, young man, that you should be taught not to steal. Do you know what happens to boys when they grow up if

they keep on stealing?"

He said "steal"and "stealing"bluntly, and it shocked me into full realization.

"They are put in jail, I suppose,"I whimpered; "but—but,

would they put a feller in jail just for takin'a plum?"

"For stealing a plum,"he corrected me. "Maybe not; but if

HOW I WAS CURED OF PURLOINING 577

you steal little things now, you will steal big things as you grow older, and you will be a thief."

There was a pause, during which father looked at me, and I looked at him. The suspense was terrible. Finally he said: "I

should not like to see you arrested, and I can't punish you here on the street. What do you think I should do to break you of your

bad habit?"

"I could take the plum back,"I replied, "and nobody-—

"That's just what I was thinking,"interrupted father, "and when you take it back, tell the store keeper you 'stole'the fruit and that you're sorry."

"He might put me in jail an'then I couldn't see mama, and

I broke down.then—then—"

But father was firm; his command was immutable, and back

I had to go to the fruit stand with my stolen plum. On the way I

saw a policeman; I thought he had come to arrest me, and my heart

was in my throat as I ran past. I ran into an old gentleman and

tripped over a stylish woman's poodle dog, and as they protested against my precipitate course I imagined they were calling, "Thief thief!"I was all a-breath when I reached the fruit stand. The

fact, he seemed surprisedfruiterer was not expecting me at all—in

when I thrust the plum at him with the confession that I had stolen it, and that I was a thief and would he please not put me in jail.

I managed to stammer that father had sent me beck, and the look that came to his eyes, I know now was one of keen comprehension, but to my boyish conception I thought that with great difficulty, and due only to his overweening sympathy, he was restraining a righteous desire to call a policeman.

I was cured of purloining.

Moroni Sound your trump, Moroni, And give it to another, the Great Head, Sound it loud and long, Who by gift from

Till you wrest attention Should read the hidden secrets

From the hurrying throng; Of the land the Indians tread;

Proudly tell your story, Of their wars, their wild dissensions.

fell Why in shining gold How through wickedness they

You stand on the capstone From communion with Jehovah tell. Of an Eminence so bold. To a fate too sad to

Tell them how you wandered O tell the world, Moroni,

In ages long since past, The record is for them;

O'er mountain, plain and river. The mysteries of a continent

And dared the desert's blast. Is now revealed to men;

To place a sacred record Yea. the mysteries of Godliness

In a heaven appointed tomb, Within it they may find;

Until the Lord should send you The way of love and happiness

To take it from the gloom, Is found for all mankind.

Ruth May Fox.

"BREAD CAST UPON THE WATERS"By Harold H. Jenson

A missionary may never know what good will spring from his labors, or when they will bear fruit. This true story is told in order

that missionaries may ever be encouraged. After all, it is the missionary who gains the most from his efforts, for his work lives after

him. Their "bread cast upon the waters,"using a Biblical expression,

often results in great good.

Five years ago, a missionary, arriving in London, on a cold foggy night, lost his way at the Seven Sisters'corner, near "Deseret,"the mission headquarters. Anyone acquainted with a London fog can

appreciate his predicament. He asked several passers by the direction

to go, but the reply invariably came, "Ask a Bobby."Where to

find an English policeman in such a mist was indeed a question. At

last a ragged little urchin of the streets, dirty of face, with shoes worn to the ground, and smoking a "fag"happened to bump into the tall stranger. "Hey, mister, why don't ye look where ye be goin?"piped

the small, forlorn figure. His face, however, soon changed to a smile,

when the little fellow recognized an American. "Beg pardon, mister,

I see ye be a stranger, can't I help ye?"This was the first kind word

or pleasant answer received to an unasked question read upon his face.

"Where is 152 High Road, or the 'Mormon'headquarters?"

"O, them blokes that keeps all them wives, I'll show ye where they be."So saying, he took the "Yank's"hand and together they

made their way through the fog to mission headquarters.

At the door the youngster hesitated, "Can't you come in for a moment?"asked the stranger.

"Not 'till I sell these,"came the reply.

"I'll buy them, then let's have a good talk."

Coupling deeds with words they went in. As it happened, a

Mutual Improvement Association meeting was just beginning. Introducing himself, the stranger found a warm welcome from fellow

missionaries. The little tad of the streets was, however, a curiosity

and followed doggedly at the heels of the Utahn. He had never before

seen so many shake hands, and when told to kindly leave his "fag"outside, he promptly did so.

Then questions followed, for the two went upstairs and had a good heartto-heart talk. The lad of the streets admitted he had parents. They cared little for him, he said, and only for the money he

could give them to buy liquor with. He seemed not to have a friend

in the world. At parting the missionary asked the boy to come back

next Tuesday with his friends, if he had any. He thought that was

the last he would ever see of the little fellow.

Next Tuesday came. Mutual had begun. Singing was under

"BREAD CAST UPON THE WATERS"579 way. A noise was heard at the door. It burst open and about twenty

of the raggedest, dirtiest little urchins came rushing in, all smoking ''fags."They greeted with lusty outbursts the doorkeeper and crowding past the missionary at the entrance, made their way up the aisle.

Their leader recognized his lost stranger of the fog, and greeted him.

Seeing the little fellows seemed lost, themselves, and not knowing what to do,. he went down and, after handshaking, persuaded them to

sit down, which they did. They sat through the service, watching with

apparent interest everything that went on. After adjournment to

classes the president put them in a back room. He told the elder

that if they kept still they could stay. The missionary, with the help

of his newly found partner and convert, a onelegged soldier, whom he had incidentally met on top of a London bus, one Sunday morning, herded them into the room. The topics for discussion were cleanliness, and baseball. The latter immensely interested the street gang

who promised to come Saturday to learn the game. They came, and

also came next Tuesday, with more of the gang. This time they

quietly entered and with their hands cleaned off the dirt from their faces. They kept coming for nearly a month. Each Saturday, or after

Mutual, the crowd would race through the streets. The street boys

wondered why they could never beat the "Mormon"Scout boys in foot races, especially in the fifty pace walk and run style. They

learned it was their cigaret smoking, and many tried to quit. Some

had already stunted their bodies by the use of tobacco for there were boys there over sixteen who looked but twelve.

Unfortunately, at least for the boys, the elder was transferred to another conference. As the little tads always made a lot of noise in

meetings and insisted on chewing gum, other missionaries, including the conference president, came to think their absence better than their presence, and lost interest in them, and so some of them drifted away, although many of their big brothers and sisters, fathers and mothers came to meeting now and then out of curiosity.

Five years elapsed, the convert of the missionary, who had joined the Church chiefly because he hungered for friendship and found it, sent the following letter under recent date:

"I feel stronger in the gospel now than I ever did. You remember the

boys you took off the streets. Well, it was reckoned you had undertaken

an impossible task, for they were all rough. Well, some went away and

never returned. Two weeks ago I went into "Deseret"and saw three

soldiers there. They greeted me with 'How do, Burt.'They told me they

were three boys that Elder brought to meetings. Then I knew them.

After a long gospel talk they told me your teachings had stopped them from doing things they might otherwise have done. With God's help I am

going to try and carry on where you left me off."

h

TILL THE VICTORY'S WON Music by Brigham Cecil Gates toLji ( rnrntHtr 1. Ral - ly a- round the standard, Gather 'round it with a vim;

2. True men all hate a quitter; Courage helps in an - y race, Our

ii l|i | L k ggli Jfc-k y itt P-'3:

i I y. v v v i v

J p J—J-—P

Zi - on's men are marching With a lead - er that will win.

mot - to, faith and vir - tue, Truth maintains us in our place.

f—f—f f UL y*s he t—

4= j:zt: = gggiiilp - nit kept in line,eAre yon We will need all our soldiers, With each u

We're not a-fraid of e - vil, As we all go marching on; For our

marching with us, fellows? Are you keeping step and time, and time?

Sav - ior is our Captain, So we sing our battie sons:, our song.

-U-

I I I. i f i f=F=F &*=JJfc:

CHORUS, a tempo. Marcato.

Marching onward ever onward, Marching onward, ever on,

I, 1 -4—4 =pW=i

#-* EBJtet *== -j,1 * t; rr r=

March with our colors flying, Keep your fac - es to the foe;

Marching onward ever onward, Marching onward, ever on,.0——0- l -gj- l==i= j=ri=* s*Ea p=k EQ -4-4—-

1 r v

TILL THE VICTORY'S WON 581 ifefiirt March on your way, With a smile every day, As on we ever go, ever go,

ft EH \\V gfcfrr-?-?*-ft I L f!Tf- M M

Marching ever onward, Onward till the battle's done.

p-i \ 1 i-r-J-j- H 1—I—

V f W Fight for the right never ceasing, Till the day when the battle's done, With a-

Marching onward ever onward, Onward till the battle's done.

4- -\ #-r. * i=i tiEEi = SEE *—Erff=E=

Marcato e poco rail a tempo.

V-2-

far the day star won.

r fg m. |—I rri 4-ZtZZI tm filzEf-r-FF

Al - ways fight for the right, We will fight for the right, the right.Tillthe

N N J V—14-1 - &> -w-tt b 1—*-P?:2: y—v—m

vie - fry's won, Till the vie fry's won.(vicfry's won.)

-I- rfi -4—4t4 3 dt=E: 2——#—F—Z5mm

Copyright, 19 25, by B. Cecil Gates

This piece of music is one of two pieces that will be sung by the ensemble of the male choruses of the stakes in the musical contest at the Jubilee, June 6-10. 1925 in Salt Lake

City. The number to be contested is "Good Night,"by Targett. The above piece, and Park's,

"I'd Like to go Down South Once More,"will be sung by all the contestants. For Musical

and Literary contests at the M. I. A. Jubilee, see "Mutual Work,"this number of the Era.

PROPHECY AND HISTORY A Study for the Advanced Senior Class M. I. A., 192425

of Mormon Prophecy—The Book

Lesson and Promises to the American Indian XXII—Prophecies

Special References for Class Study

II Nephi 10:18, 19; II Nephi 30:3, 4, 5. 6; Mormon 5:19; III

Nephi 20:14; Ether 13:8, 10.

Questions and Problems 1. Discuss prophecy, (a) as a means the Lord uses to let man know

that he lives and knows more than man does and that he is interested in man; (b) as a warning against sin and an encouragement towards righteousness; (c) as a means of escaping calamity.

2. Why is the prophecy recorded in II Nephi 30 of great importance

to the Indians?

3. Who made the promise in III Nephi 2:14, and under whose

instructions did he make it?

4. Wherein is the promise made in II Nephi 30:2 covered by the one

recorded in Mormon 5:19?

5. Who are to be the builders of the city spoken of in Ether 1 3:8, 10?

Lesson and Promises to the United States as a Nation XXIII—Prophecies

Special References for Class Study

I Nephi 13:30; I Nephi 14:6; II Nephi 10:10, 11, 12; III Nephi

20:1520; Ether 13:7-12.

Questions and Problems 1. Discuss prophecy, (a) What it is, (b) The two kinds of prophecy

conditional and the unconditional.—the

2. Give illustrations of an unconditional prophecy made concerning

the United States Republic.

3. Read or quote what you consider to be the greatest conditional

prediction made concerning the United States of America.

4. Prove from Book of Mormon prophecy that the Lord has had a

hand in the building of the United States Republic.

5. According to Book of Mormon prophecies and promises, what

are the conditions upon which the perpetuity of the United States as a nation may survive?

Lesson and Promises to the Latterday Saints XXIV—Prophecies

Special References for. Class Study

II Nephi 3:11; II Nephi 10:13, 16; II Nephi 28:21, 22; III Nephi

21:4. 5, 6, 8: Ether 13:8, 10.

Questions and Problems 1. Discuss prophecy and promise, (a) As one of the guiding lights

to the Church, (b) As a source of comfort to the members.

PROPHECY AND HISTORY 583

2. In the light of II Nephi 3:11, discuss this problem: Every missionary to the Indian becomes a factor in the destiny of the "Remnant"and

a fellow missionary of the Prophept Joseph.

3. Give illustrations of the fulfilment of II Nephi 10:13, 16.

4. What does the prophecy recorded in II Nephi 28:21 mean to you?

Illustrate.

5. Discuss the proposition: Both the Latterday Saints and the

Indians are of the seed of Joseph and will fulfil jointly, Ether 13:8, 10.

6. Name in historical order ten Book of Mormon prophets.

American Indian Traditions

These indicate that their progenitors were Israelites: An article by

Dr. George Rogers, in The Mentor magazine of March, 1924, tells of his

visit to a Navajo Indian village, in New Mexico, where he found an aged medicine man named Klah, who was induced to relate some traditions of his forefathers. Klah's statements were interpreted for Mr. Rogers by a

trader who acompanied him to Klah's tepee, and some of them appear in

Mr. R.'s articles, as follows:

Klah is one of the chief medicine men of the tribe. The old men of

the Navajos respect Klah's judgment. He is a personage. Klah calls his god

"Ya". Phonetically, this suggests the name of the God of the Hebrews,

which would be written Yaweh in a phonetic transcription. The story

Klah tells of the origin of the Navajos is nearly identical with the story of the creation as it appears in Genesis. The Jew has looked upon himself for

centuries as the chosen among God's people, and, curously enough, the

Navajos'name for themselves in dine, which means "the people."

Whether or not the story Klah tells is a myth, it is a very good story and worthy to be heard. One does not expect to find a story that

parallels Genesis, coming out of the New Mexico desert. But when the

story is laid over against the actual geological facts it becomes something to think about. There is little doubt that this part of the continent is one

of the oldest sections of the world. * * *

When Klah, the medicine man, stood beside his primitive loom and told the story of the coming of the Navajo, paraphrasing the Book of

Genesis, both in word and action, it was not hard to feel, under the spell of his oratory, that it might have been here that the world began. * * *

Before ever man was, said Klah, there was the great god, Ya. All the

earth, even the hills, were void and covered with water. There was nothing

but water and space. Then Ya put forth his hand, and the land came up

out of the water. Again Ya put forth his hand, and the sun and moon and

stars were made to appear in the sky. Out of the earth came all life, following four great roads. Then in his own likeness Ya created man, and

for man he created woman. These, said Klah, were the first people, the

Navajos. Ya caused the squash, corn, beans and tobacco to grow. The

Navajos lived then in a place like a garden beside a river and a great sea.

There was only happiness among them until the evil spirit came.

Here Klah waxed too eloquent for the trader to follow, and much of the story was lost. But in the end one gathered that Ya triumphed

over the evil spirit and caused him to be cast into the depths beneath the earth.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS "How beautiful are the feet of them that preach the gospel of peace and bringglad tidings of good things."—Romans 10:15.

Forty Baptisms in Arkansas The results accomplished in the year 1924, in this conference, indicate and give evidence that the work of the Lord is progressing and that the elders and Saints have been zealous in the performance of their duties. A

considerable decline in the prejudice is noticeable among the majority of the people. Yet indifference is our biggest handicap. During the past

year thousands have been introduced to the teachings of "Mormonism"and forty souls have accepted the truth through baptism. The elders have traversed the whole state in their efforts and many successful meetings were held,

and many have expressed themselves very favorably towards our teachings.

Elder R. D. Iverson and C. W. Bunker recently met a couple of young men

who had attended the National Summer School, at Logan, and who were deeply impressed with the external effect of our people. One remarked,

Central States Mission Jlrkansas Conf zr ence J/NUK> I9Z5

Elders top, left to right: E. H. Anderson, Huntington; R. D. Iverson, Salt Lake,

conference president; Jas. A. Davis, Ogden; Middle: S. L. Gillette, Tooele,

Ut.; V. J. Holmes, Montpelier, Ida.; Bottom: O. W. Bunker, Delta; O

Gubler, La Verkin, Ut., and W. W. Potter, Mesquit, Nev.

"I care not what people say about the 'Mormon'Church, what impresses me is that it works."Our doctrines demanding the respect and attention ot

the people and at the same time the strength of our position is being felt

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 585

more keenly than at any other time. The missionaries are in splendid health,

both physically and spiritually, and are united in their determination to carry on the work of the Lord to the best of their ability. The Era is a

potent agent in the spreading of the gospel in this state, and we wish it continual success. The elders of this conference extend their greetings to all

colaborers in the work of the Lord throughout the world.

One Hundredthree Baptisms in Leipzig

Vernon M. Rhodes, conference president of Leipzig, Germany, states

that their conference on the 30th of November, witnessed a great outpouring of the Holy Spirit. "The year 1924 has indeed rewarded the efforts of

the Saints and missionaries, there having been 103 baptisms. Among those

who were not too old to make a covenant with the Lord is a man 74 and a lady 83 years of age. We are working together in love and harmony

for the furthering of the world's greatest message. All our problems are

solved by two words, humility and work. The Lord takes care of the

rest. The year 1925 began with a baptism in every branch of the conference during January. We are all very thankful for the source of good

thoughts which comes to us every month from between the covers of the Era.

The picture enclosed was taken after a two days'spiritual feast and before one of the best thanksgiving dinners ever cooked on foreign soil, thanks to the good sisters who prepared it."

Missionaries standing, left to right: Karl Sachs, Frankfurt, Germany; Hans Sust,

Berlin, Germany; Vernard L. Beckstrand, conference secretary, Shelley, Idaho;

Leslie R. Matheson, David O. Thurman, Salt Lake City; Duwayne L. Anderson,

Pleasant Grove; Erhard M. Neubert, Wellington, Utah. Sitting: Milton B.

Leishman. Baker, Oregon; Albert A. Quellmalz, Salt Lake City; Mission President Fred Tadje; Roland B. Smith, president Dresden conference, Clearfield;

Vernon M- Rhodes, president Leipzig conference, Garland, Utah586 IMPROVEMENT ERA

A Word from Switzerland Something over a year ago a new star appeared in the mission firmament. Or more correctly, an old star was given a new burst of light when

the French mission was reorganized, after nearly ten years of dissolution. The

unique feature of the mission is that it has two dis.inct fields of activity:

one in the warweakened Belgium, and the other in the peaceful environs of Switzerland. There are branches in Lille and Lyon, of France proper,

but as yet they are incorporated in the Belgian and Swiss conferences, respectively. The branch in Lyon having been in existence only since last

December. Scattered here and there in the scenicallyglorified villages

and cities of French speaking Switzerland, one can find 210 members of the Church. 22 of whom have been baptized within the past year. Some

of them have been listening to sermons and discussions of the gospel for

Swiss conference, French mission, Dec. 3 1. 19 24: Front row, left to right: Otto

R. Fife, conference president; Clifton F. Hansen; Gordon M. Romney, mission secretary; Alton P. Wangsgard; Grant J. Wright, released conference

president. Second row: Weldon Taggart; Wesley Hiltbrand; Milton Christensen; Joseph Ballif; Odell Barnson; Thomas Cardon. Back row: Paul Miller;

Henry West; Kenneth Farr; Preston Robinson; Verle Fry.

thirty or forty years, since the first misionaries were sent into the Frenchspeaking territory. Their knowledge of the teachings of the Church, gleaned

from the opinions and studies of many missionaries, would astonish no small number of the brethren in Zion who have been somewhat sluggish in their study of Church works. Picture yourself opening your heart and your

home to missionaries from a foreign land, making their needs your needs and their hunger your hunger, then perhaps you will appreciate the conditions which make our foreign brethren so devoutly appreciative of the gospel and always anxious to learn more of its beauties. People of

Switzerland are, as a rule, courteous and attentive, but rather skeptical as to the importance of our message. For ages they have worshiped God

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 587

according to the dictates of their pastors, within the heavy stone walls of massive old cathedrals, some of which date back to the period of Catholic supremacy. They were built by Catholics but seized and rebuilt by the

Protestants immediately following the Renaissance. So thoroughly have they

absorbed the spirit of the present Protestant regime that their most frequent response to the advances of the missionary is that they have their Bible and their Church; anything more is superfluous. This is another prophecy

of the Book of Mormon being fulfilled. The widelyknown Alps, the

beautiful mountain lakes and such phenomena of nature as pine and bamboo trees growing side by side serve to enhance the joy derived from the missionary work. At present, the mission force is largely composed of young

men in the mission field, but blessed with the characteristics of faith, humility and diligence, which spell success in any line of endeavor. I am sure

that the labors of the men in the Swiss conference during the years to come will be blessed with a rich harvest of souls snatched from the darkness of ignorance. Verle N. Fry.

Big Sale of Books From thg elders of the North Carolina conference, Southern States mission, we receive word that they had a record of 439 Books of Mormon sold, for one month, besides many other books and tracts distributed.

m * **# 31 & W* r 4 * 4h 1 m 3 * 7it V. v. J

< 1 y V *

The missionaries of this conference are as follows, 1st row, left to right: I. Owen

Rogers, Miles B. Lund, Benjamin F. Merrill, Carl W. Slater, Stanley K. Larson. 2nd row: Asahel D. Woodruff, George K. Karren, Marcus R. Wilde,

Reed D. Nielson, Guy A. Brown. 3rd row: T. Joseph Steed, Joseph E. Geertsen.

former conference president; Charles A. Callis. mission president; Asa J. Merrill,

conference president; Noah W. Arrington. 4th row: H. L. Sanders, local

elder; J. Lamar Foremaster; Darrel G. Proctor; Clifford A- Coon; Walter C

Barney, J. Orlando Jolley.

588 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Four Baptized in Brussels, Belgium "On this, the last day of the year, 1924, we take great pleasure in sending greetings from Belgium to all Church workers. With joy we

contemplate the progress made in this branch in the past few months. In this capital city of

the Belgian kingdom, the work of spreading the truth has just been reopened, having been closed of necessity during the World War and subsequent disturbances. On November 29 the first branch conference for over ten years was held

with 5 8 persons in attendance, 29 of whom were friends. We have

baptized four recently and have several more preparing for the ordinance. We enjoy the faithpromoting articles in the Era and

Elders left to right: Alonzo P. Kesler and p ray our Father's choicest bless-

C. Vernon Coggle i ngs on our coworkers throughout the world."Elder C. Vernon Coggle.

One Hundred Fifty Baptized in Denver

Geo. S. Daines, president of the Denver conference, Western States mission: The work of the Lord is progressing in this conference. The

lady missionaries for the past three months have been conducting three weekly neighborhood primaries, at which as high as thirtyfive children, with an average of about twenty, were in attendance. The majority are

children of investigators. Much good is being accomplished through this

organization. The average number laboring, in this conference during the

past year, were eight elders and seven lady missionaries, and we have been privileged to baptize 150 people. We have held 1,022 cottage meetings,

have called at the homes of thousands of people, distributing, among other 'literature, 525 Books of Mormon, besides many other standard works.

Our recent conference, held Dec. 1215, was eminently successful and the

Spirit of the Lord was manifest in rich abundance. The missionaries in their

addresses displayed evidence of careful preparation, and many principles of the gospel were treated in an inspiring, convincing manner. The spirit

of humility and dependence upon the Lord was the keynote of the success of all. The powerful testimonies borne by President John M. Knight and

wife gave strength and were an inspiration to all. The most inspiring

sermon was given Sunday morning to a crowded house, by President Knight, his theme being "The Divinity of Christ."The audience went away with

no uncertain ideas regarding the life and mission of our Lord and Savior,

Jesus Christ. The music during the first three sessions of the conference

was furnished by the missionaries, under the direction of Elder Wm. A.

Strong, with Sister Venola Ohlwiler presiding at the pipe organ. Clare

Middlemiss, Mission Stenographer.

Assignments in the Denver conference: Elders Milton Bodell and

Vestus A. Mahoney to Greeley, Colo.; Elders Raymond Holbrook and

Joseph L. Orr to Fort Collins, Colo.; Elders E. Reed Shields and L. Lloyd

Carter, Denver, Colo.: Elders Joseph M. Jensen and Alma Winters to the

Pueblo conference; Elders Ralph F. Giles and Myron R. Moyle, East Nebraska conference; Elders Richard E. Gardner and Chas. M- Wentz, San

Luis conferences.

i t

sc 2 in"o 5 "5.is.8 j3

y g g;-; EJ> e "j5

-o > o o g 3. "o ""D MPS! U.a.2 QS?

toO >—B 6 m "j;J n,"3. c ">

* s*- O 'o - ft >! SW 5

o,2 S a< ffl n

. c>2 oH | o--

B < a.-". 81

m "a.2 b> - a

.a c *?; <u

.2 - & & rf b.2

C fc 5 u 3 E >- 3 < * B * 2 y M g s -j g

|S|.I.1S|8|

S3.3 *a 2 s j<! cQ

u * E < J3-C iucj >. - CeB T3"O..gwKp/ ft- "5-,-M j

< 3 c2 s5 I S X tf "2 w

o J(-U c <- >- W-. o

2—,BUaO - B J3pi""-> G e

h - - 42 B "s s &!!! Dn o

590 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Cologne on the Rhine, "The Cathedral City"

Nearly under the shadows of the third largest cathedral in the world (Catholic), the Latterday Saints assemble to worship the Lord in that same spirit that is so marked in all the branches of the Germnn mission. And although this city

is the stronghold of the Roman

Catholic church in Germany, the work, of the Lord is pushing forward; there having been twentysix

baptisms performed in the pas year. We have also been privileged

in securing a schoolauditorium in

Kalk. a suburb, where regular meetings are being held. There seems

to be a growing tendency of the people not to be satisfied with thei "old beliefs"and many opportunities for the gospel message to be received, is thus afforded. We appreciate the Era. and feel that it is

a welding link between the home and mission events and the missionaries. "The

Cologne cathedral is the chief landmark of the whole Rhine district. The

huge "Kaiserbel!"which

was taken from its towers during the war to make ammunition, has just recently been replaced with elaborate ceremonies, in course cf which the bell was blessed and dedicated with oil, and kissed by Elders left to right: Aaron C. Taylor. Salt Lake

City: Bertie W. Winward, Whitney, Idaho; the cardinal and a host cf

Rulon S. Howells, branch pres., Salt Lake City. pastors."

From Leipzig, Germany

In a cottage meeting recently held in this branchattended by a number of socalled "Bible students,"the questions of "spiritual gifts"arose. After

having discussed this theme for some length of time, we found that these "students,"who in the beginning of our discussion impressed upon out minds their firm belief in the Bible, finally denounced the necessity of "spiritual gifts."Although unable to convince them that these gifts should

be found in the true Church, we firmly believe and know that they accomMESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 591

party the Priesthood in this day. We

have been personal witnesses of several cases wheie those, having faith in God, were marvelously raised from their sickbeds. Having seen

these things, we are able to testify with a certainty, which oftimes cannot be understood by the people of the world, that these gifts should be and are in the true Church of

God. We enjoy the spirit of the

Lord continually in our meetings here. Conditions in this branch

wanant satisfaction and great joy.

We are very much indebted to the

Era for its help to us in keeping

Elders left to right: E. M. Neubert, branch up the good work in this part of

pres., Wellington; D. L. Anderson, the Lord's vineyard, and we look

S. S. supt., Pleasant Grove, Utah; forward anxiously each month for

V. L. Beckstrand, con. sec, Shelley, its appearance. Duwayne L. AnIdaho. derson.

Word from Belfast, Ireland

George A. Baker, conference clerk, Belfast, Ireland, reports the work

progressing favorably in northern Ireland. "The people here, however, are

very prejudiced against our Church because of the scurrilous stories circulated against us. We are endeavoring to break down these walls of prejudice, and thus far have met with much success in this attempt. Our

meetings are well attended and the number of investigators for January were considerably increased. We appreciate the Era and eagerly look forward for each issue."

Missionaries: Ernest C. Moore, Preston. Idaho, president fklfast branch; Robef

Souter, Provo, superintendent Sunday schools of the conference; front row:

Russell C. Copener, Riverside, Utah, president of the Ulster conference; an.l

George A. Baker, Huntington Park, California, conference clerk.

5$2 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Saints Active in Norwich, England

James D. Moyle, writing from Lowestoft, England, Norwich conference, reports new life given to the missionary work there by a recent visit

of President James E. Talmage. The results both to the elders and the

Saints were gratifying. He addressed two large audiences during the short

visit, impressing many with the gospel message. "We are working v.r

hard to secure better places of worship at this time to gain added prestige in this section. The Saints are active and are helping the few elders

in this conference."

Elders laboring in the Norwich conference: left to right, standing: Rulon L. Russon, Lehi; Harold L. White, Salt Lake City; Maurice R. Barnes, Kaysville, Utah;

Clifford D. Gough. Raymond, Alberta, Canada. Sitting: Ben. E. Summers.

Ririe, Idaho; James D. Moyle, conference president, Salt Lake City; James E

Talmage, president of the European missions; Walter F. Whitehead, clerk,

Provo: Selvoy J. Boyer, Springville, Utah.

Mission Work in California

The regular semiannual missionary conference of the Long Beach conference, held at Huntington Beach, California, Jan. 1618, was the last

of a series of conferences recently conducted throughout the California mission. President Joseph W. McMurrin, President Margaret K. Miller of the

Relief Societies, President Elsie Hogan of the Y.L.M.I.A., and Primary

organizations, and Supt. Joseph G. Jeppson of the Sunday School and

Y.M.M.I. A. organizations, of the mission officers, were in attendance.

Auxiliary meetings were conducted in the various branches of the mission and in twelve of them Supt. Jeppson and Sister Hogan gave the illustrated

lecture on temples and temple work to approximately fifteen hundred people in all, many of whom were nonmembers of the Church. The meetings

in general were unusually well attended and a united and harmonious spirit reigned supreme throughout. The Saints in the various districts are

very loyal to their faith and are aiding the missionary work very materially

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS m

by brtiging their neighbors and friends, most of whom are nonmembers,

'out tochurch with them. There are at present nine conferences and thirtynine branches in the California mission all of which are effectively organized and functioning properly. Reports for 1924 show a decided increase

over 1923 in practically every phase of missionary work, the results being equal. The Book of Mormon selling contest held during six months of

1924 not only increased enormously the sales of the good book but greatly increased the number of earnest investigators and accelerated the missionary cause in general. President J. Frank Robison, of the Arizona conference,

who was the winner of the contest in six months, disposed of 229 Books of

Mormon, his highest for any one month being 119. Sister Constance Peterson, of the Los Angeles conference, winner among the sisters, disposed of 95

in six months, her highest for one month being 28. In all there were 3,385

Books of Mormon disposed of in six months.

Besides the powerful and inspirational discourses given by President

Joseph W. McMurrin from time to time the Saints and missionaries of Los

Angeles and near by points have been privileged to listen to our beloved

President Heber J. Grant, Elder Melvin J. Ballard, of the Council of the

Twelve, and President Emeritus George H. Brimhall of the Brigham Young

University, who have had occasion to visit us in the recent past. These

visits are greatly appreciated for they are responsible for the renewing of many testimonies, as well as giving many testimonies to those who are investigating the truth, as a result of the diligent efforts of the missionaries.

Lavin C. Miles, Mission Reporter.

Los Angeles Conference, back row, left to right: A. W. Bradshaw, Willis E. Dutspn,

Noel A. Fuller, J. E. Crook, Louis S. Iverson, William R. Scott, Fresno conference; Elsie Hogan, president of Mission Y. L. M. I. A. and Primaries;

George E. Harris, A. L. S. Oklebury, Milton W. West, Ferdinand Hansen,

Arnold C. Brems, Leland Burnham, Fresno conference; L. A. Perry, Charles

Higgs. Middle row: Joseph G. Jeppson, superintendent of Sunday schools and

Y. M. M. I. A.; Anna B. Quist, Sarah Cornick, Frlank Brown, president of

Los Angeles conference; Margaret K. Miller, president of Mission Relief Societies; Joseph W. McMurrin, mission president; Charlotte Stahr, vicepresi-

dent of Mission Relief Societies; Laura I. Astle, mission corresponding secretary; Tira Butterfield; Thelma Taylor, Verene Adams. Front row: Reed S.

Gardner, mission secretary; Louis E. Rowe, C. L. Memmott, Editor of the

Calimis; Mark C. Black, Lorin C. Miles, Lelland R. Wright.

594 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Sunday School Organized in Louisiana

Rulon J. Carroll, writing from Louisiana conference, reports 88 baptisms performed during the year 1924, as compared with 52 for 1923. The

people in that district are of a religious nature, but it is difficult to get them to investigate the gospel, since many consider the "Mormons"of bad repute, and are prejudiced, which prejudice, however, is being broken down more and more. One cause for this is the visits of the tourists who

observe conditions and the lives of the people, and their reports are doing much to change the minds of the people here. Most of our missionary

work is confined to the country, summer and winter. We are handicapped

by not having the privilege of meeting in churches or schools to hold our meetings. We have many investigators and need more elders. A Sunday

School was recently organized in New Orleans, which city has a population of about 380,000 people. This is the first Sunday School organized

in that city by us and will be a great help to the missionary work.

New Orleans L. D. S. Sunday school, left to right, back row: Newton Ficklin, local

elder; Herbert Lochtee, Missouri; William Ficklin; G. C. Jacobs; D. T.

Berrett; Mrs. S. S. Beaty, Missouri; K. N. Durrant; Bessie Powell, Missouri;

Dr. L. J. Stookey; C. H. Davis. Front row: Major H. S. Bennion; Mrs.

Birdie Lochtree, Missouri; Myrtle Raffey; Ernestine Chambers; Mrs. Marion

Bennion; and Mrs. L. Stookey.

Sympathy Make your sympathy count for more than mere words.

Well do I remember when I was a girl. Mother was very sick with

pneumonia. There was a tiny baby besides the work of keeping a big

family. Many people came to see how Mother was and to sympathize, but

left with just saying, "Now if there is anything we can do, just let us know."I was still left with the baby to care for, washing, ironing, and all

the work, together with helping Father care for Mother.

Then one day Mary H. came, and as she took off her coat and cap

and donned an apron she said: "Now I am sorry for you folks and I

want to help. Where shall I start in?"

Well, she got supper and then next day did the washing and ironing, and cleaned up the house. I shall never forget how much I appreciated that

kind of G. BLOOMFIELD, Toadlena, New Mexico. sympathy—LUCY

Editors Table

Faith in God an Impetus to Righteous Living

The first principles of the doctrine of Christ are faith in God, and his Son Jesus Christ, and in the Holy Ghost; repentance;

baptism by proper authority for the remission of sins; the laying

on of hands by authorized servants of God, in which the gift of the

Holy Ghost is bestowed to lead the convert into all truth; the

resurrection, through which the spirit of man and his renewed and changed body shall be reunited after death; and the judgment, by

means of which men shall receive reward or punishment from the

Lord, the just Judge, for their deeds and conduct in life.

Faith in these principles, ordinances and doctrines is fundamental to righteous living. Our performance of the practical laws, requirements and commandments of the gospel, such as prayer, observance of the word of wisdom, devotion and worship on the Sabbath

day, the payment of tithing, and walking and dealing uprightly with our fellowmen and before God, the Father, is based primarily upon belief in the spiritual principles and doctrines, such as faith in God, in his Son Jesus Christ, the resurrection; and the life hereafter, and

the eternal judgment. Without faith in these, there is no impetus

to spur us on to such conduct in this life, as will enable us to merit, through works of righteousness and the mercy of the Lord, "peace in this world"and "eternal life,"the greatest gift of God to man, "in the world to come."

But having a strong faith and a deep love of God, and being in possession of his commandments given by his Son Jesus Christ in both doing, the action, the work, theancient and modern revelation—the

struggle, devolves upon us. Knowing what the commandments are,

great emphasis must be placed upon doing them. In this way

comes the struggle, because no requirement finds fruition without work. But we must have faith in and know God and love him.

Then we shall have heart to do his will and keep his commandments.

"The Lord is Risen Indeed"Easter, or the Paschal celebration, which this year falls on

April 12, is commemorative of the resurrection of our Lord and

Savior Jesus Christ. The observance, however, seems to have degenerated into dressparade by the adults, and to colored egg rolling,

596 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and other amusements by the children; whereas, it was intended

to remind mankind of the most marvelous miracle of all time, farreaching in its beneficent effect upon the human race. Would it

not, therefore, be. eminently fitting to place greater emphasis upon

the religious significance of the Paschal observance in the home and in the Church?

A serious word, at this time, on the resurrection is timely.

The Latterday Saints believe in the doctrine of a literal resurrection;

an actual reunion of the essential parts of the tabernacles of the dead with their spirits. It is a Biblical doctrine, the sacred record

being replete with testimony attesting the reality of the resurrection of Jesus Christ. His apostles and thousands of other witnesses were

convinced by sight and personal contact of his resurrection from the dead. And all men shall be like him, in this respect. His apostles

fearlessly testified that he arose from the dead. Peter on the day of

Pentecost cried to the multitude: "This Jesus hath God raised up,

wherefore we are all witnesses."It is mentioned by Paul as one of

the common beliefs of the early Christian faith, and was by him declared to be the saving, basic principle upon which all Christianity rests. (I Cor. 15).

To that wonderful testimony may be added this one from

Moroni's address to unbelievers, found in the Book of Mormon (Mormon 9:13, 14):

The death of the Christ bringeth to pass the resurrection, which bringeth to pass a redemption from an endless sleep, from which sleep all men shall be awakened by the power of God when the trump shall sound; and they

shall come forth, both small and great, and all shall stand before his bar, being redeemed and loosed from this eternal band of death, which is a temporal death.

And then cometh the judgment of the Holy One upon "them; and

then cometh the time that he that is filthy shall be filthy still; and he that

is righteous shall be righteous still; he that is happy shall be happy still;

and he that is unhappy shall be unhappy still.

And again we may add the testimony of Christ himself as given in modern revelation:

And then they shall look for me, and, behold, I will come; and they

shall see me in the clouds of heaven, clothed with power and great glory, with all the holy angels; and he that watches not for me shall be cut off.

But before the arm of the Lord shall fall, an angel shall sound his

(D. 8 C. 45:44, 45.)trump,cloud.—and the saints that have slept shall come forth to meet me in the

is the An additional convincing witness of Christ's resurrection testimony of Joseph Smith who saw the Savior and the Father, the latter pointing to his Son, saying: "This is my beloved Son,

hear him."The resurrection is real. Christ is risen. Let us on this day

EDITORS"TABLE 597

stress faith in the marvelous truth that all shall be brought forth from the grave.

Religious Training in the Home

Our duty is to establish faith in the resurrection in the hearts and minds of the young by religious training in the home. A

knowledge of the resurrection must be guided by faith supported by revelation; it cannot come from scientific knowledge. Human

research has failed. But faith and revelation give unequivocal and

sure testimony.

It is well known that in the past sixty years there has been a persistent breakdown in religious ideals, and among the doctrines questioned stands the ressurrection. As a consequence year by year

skepticism and loose morals have had a steady growth. Also our

educational system has of necessity eliminated from its programs all thoughts of training in religion. It came to Utah years ago when

the old Wilson Readers were eliminated from the schools, with their

Bible stories and morals. Instead of placing emphasis on faith in

God, in the resurrection and immortality of the soul, and training in a life of service, justice, and honesty to our fellows, the outstanding emphasis in education has been placed on material facts, efficiency, scientific knowledge, manipulation of business, and in obtaining skill and success in temporal affairs. This has been the case

to such an extent that little if any training is now brought to bear, on the religious, moral and ethical sides of life. All this material

knowledge has its use; but this training and efficiency has apparently

not been backed up by character education. Think of the crime, the

deceit, the dishonesty, the selfishness, forgery and theft in responsible positions in government and industry that mark the passing of recent years! Think of the fact that the actors are more often socalled

educated people rather than persons from among the ignorant or uneducated. These facts in mind, it may well be asked by the thoughtful whether, with the billions spent in our country for education,

we have been developing educated, welltrained minds that can as easily be turned to crime as to that which is good and constructive in first class citizenship; whether underlying our education there is a

safe and sound character foundation! Have we stressed efficiency,

skill to achieve socalled success, to the neglect of the fundamental religious principles of honesty, integrity, justice and love of God and our fellows?

The home must answer this question. It is the main unit of

society that we muSt look to for a decision. Hence, the necessity for

intense religious training in the home.

It cannot be left to the public schools, and must not be left

598 IMPROVEMENT ERA

altogether, as is the tendency in our community, to our quorums and auxiliary organizations. Our Church schools and seminaries can only

accomodate a few out of the many thousands. We, therefore, turn

to the home to teach not only the practical principles of the gospel, but also the spiritual faith in God and in his Son Jesus Christ, and in the resurrection, the judgment, and a future life!—A.

Bits of Philosophy

Dignity is a crude substitute for humility.

Where selfish gratification begins sweet gratitude ends.

The hearthstone is the touchstone of civilization.

When you commence to be proud of your goodness, you cease to have any goodness to be proud of.

A fool is a fellow who does the same foolish things we do, differently from the way we do them.

Tact is the art of making the other fellow think that you think he is more important that you are.

Nephi Jensen.

Easter Bells

Sunday, April 12. 1925

Easter bells today are ringing,

Many people bend the knee To the Christ, the great Redeemer,

Who was slain on Calvary.

Hallelujah, praise the Savior:

He has risen from the dead Death and hell he truly conquered,

Now with God, he's at the head.

Hallelujah, praise the Savior:

Joining with the heavenly host.

Sing your praises to the Godhead.

Father, Son and Holy Ghost.

Granite. Utah. DAVID ARCHIBALD.

Statistical and Efficiency Reports, Y. M. M. I. A.

For February, 1925, 81 stakes and two missions reported. Thirteen

stakes failed to report. They were Garfield, Gunnison, North Weber, Panguitch. Summit, Tooele, Wayne, Bannock, Curlew, Yellowstone, Juarez,

Los Angeles and Kolob. Fourteen stakes reached the 100%. They were:

Cache, Kanab, Liberty, North Davis, North San Pete, South Davis, Boise,

Franklin, Malad, Pocatello, Lethbridgc, Snowflake, Star Valley and Taylor.

Several stakes came very close and, doubtless, reached the mark in March.

The Superintendency and General Board are delighted with the showing and urge the continuance of interest until the year's activity shall culminate in the great Fiftieth Anniversary Jubilee, June 6 to 10.

General Conference The Ninetyfifth Annual Conference of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints will convene in the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City, on

Saturday, April 4, 1925, at 10 o'clock a. m., with sessions on Sunday

and Monday, April 5 and 6.

The general Priesthood meeting will be held in the Tabernacle on

Saturday evening, April 4, at 7 o'clock, and a special Priesthood meeting will be held in the Assembly Hall on Tuesday, April 7, at 10 a. m.

It is requested that in the Salt Lake, Ensign, Liberty, Pioneer, Granite,

Grant and Cottonwood Stakes the monthly fast meeting be held on Sunday,

March 29.

Missionary and other reunions should be arranged so as not to conflict with these appointments.

"HEBER J. GRANT.

Charles W. Penrose,

A. W. Ivins,

First Presidency.

The Melchizedek Priesthood Study

Subject: Doctrines of the Church; Text: A Study of the Articles of Faith

LESSON 18: SPIRITUAL GIFTS

Text: Chapter 12, pages 217224

Study well the nature of spiritual gifts and the essential characteristics of miracles wrought by the power of the Holy Ghost. Scriptural proof

of these gifts being essential characteristics of the Church of Jesus Christ may be considered in detail.

LESSON 19: SPIRITUAL GIFTS (Continued)

Text: Chapter 12, pages 224233

By judicious assignment all the topics specified in the text can receive attention during the class period.

Testament LESSON 20: THE HOLY BIBLE—Old

Text: Chapter 13, pages 236245

Note our acceptance of the Bible with reservation relating to correctness of transclation. As to the Old Testament, the principal topics to be

studied are: its origin and growth, the language of the original writings,

and the classification of its separate books. Learn the order in which the

books occur.

Testament LESSON 21; THE HOLY BIBLE—New

Text: Chapter 13, pages 245253

All topics treated in the text can be given consideration in the class period. Learn the order of the books in the new Testament.

LESSON 22: THE BOOK OF MORMON

Text: Chapter 14, pages 255264

Consider the circumstances attending the bringing forth of the plates from which the Book of Mormon was translated. Study the titlepage

of the book. Distinguish the several colonies who migrated to the American

continent and whose history is recorded or referred to in the Book of

Mormon. Make clear the distinct character of the several sets of record

plates named in the Book of Mormon.

QyV[utual Work

Tentative Outline for the Y. M. M. I. A., Jubilee

Program, June 6 to 10, 1925 Saturday, June 6:

Afternoon and early evening, registration of on delegates—Committee Housing.

Evening, Grand Recreation. reception—Committee on

Sunday, June 7:

Regular conference, general theme for the entire dav Spirituality—the

10 a. m. 2; 7:30 p. m. All joint meetings.

Monday, June 8:

9-12 a. m. M. I. A. R. Lyman. Ruth May Fox convention—Richard

and chairmen of Y. M. and Y..L. M. I. A. joint committees, including separate committee on Organization and Membership. All joint

workAfternoon—Conventionin general assembly.Work.

covering past, present and future of M. I. A. Evening—Pageant

Tuesday, June 9 9-12 a. m. M. I. A. A. Kirkham and chairmen of convention—Oscar

four Y. M. M. I. A. committees. All meet in general assembly.

features. Tryouts in contest work. Afternoon—Special

contest and concert, and prize play, prize poem. Evening—Grand

song, will be presented.

Wednesday, June 1:

9-11 a. m. 'of Stake Jubilee certificates. Rally—Awarding

1112 a. m. Assembling of Parade. 12 noon Parade.

I. A. excursion to Saltair. Afternoon—M.

Contests in Music and Literary Events

M. I. A. Jubilee, June 6-10, 1925

The following contests open to the Y. M. M. I. A., are approved for

the June Jubilee, and the grand finals will be held during the Jubilee:

We shall depend upon the starred stakes in the districts, as published in the Y. M. M. I. A. Hand Book, page 77, to take the initiative and

prepare for the district contests. The names of the winners of the district

contests should be in hand at the general office, on or before May 20.

Each district winner in the Public Address should send to Oscar A.

Kirkham, 47 E. So. Temple, a typewritten copy of his address.

We shall be pleased to know as early as possible the names of all

M. I. A. bands and male choruses which intend to participate, so that we

may furnish them with copies of the ensemble numbers.

We feel sure that you have already caught the spirit of our great celebration and will see that your stake becomes active in these events.

M. I. A. Band Contest

Prizes: $100, first; $50, secondNumber to be played—"Spirit of America Patrol,"by Zamenick.

Points of judgment:

cent. 1. Interpretation as per musical marking and general expression—20 per

2. Tone per cent. quality—20

MUTUAL WORK 60!

2 per cent. 3. Blending and balance—

4. Reading (producing proper cent. notes)—20 per

5. per cent. Tempo—10

cent. 6. Attack and release—10 per

Rules governing contests:

Members of M. I. A.

The band to take part in parade June 10.

Register before May 20.

Contestants must be amateurs.

An ametur is one who does not make the major portion of his or her salary by music. The amateur rule does not apply to the leader.

Prepare for ensemble playing, Tuesday evening, June 9, two nivibers, "The

Huff; "The Royal Huff.Show Boy"—Will Pageant"—Will

M. I. A. Stake Male Chorus

Prizes: $50, first; $25, second

Number to be contested—"Good Night"by Arthur B. Targett. in book,

Songs for Male Voices, or published in Octavo form by Ginn 8 Co.,

Chicago, to be sung unaccompanied.

Points of Judgment named in Hand Book (Same as male quartette.)

Rules governing contests:

Members of M. I. A.

The chorus is to take part in big concert, June 9.

Register before May 20.

Members to be limited to stake.

Choruses limited to 1224 members.

Numbers to be prepared for ensemble, "Till the Victory's Won,"by

Gates, (See April Era). "I'd Like to Go Down South Once More"

J. A. Parks.

M Men's Quartette York, Neb., price 15c. To be sung as written. For sale at music stores

in Salt Lake.

For points of judgment and rules governing contest, see Y. M. M. I. A.

Hand Book.

M Men's Public Address See Y. M. M. I. A. Hand Book.

Committee on judges, under direction of B. Cecil Gates, Claude C. Cornwall,

and Mrs. Vernetta Lindsay Hodgson.

For further information write to Oscar A. Kirkham, 47 E. So. Temple,

Salt Lake City, Utah.

M. I. A. in Connecticut

John L. Allen, president of the New Haven conference, Hartford.

Connecticut, reports three branches of the Church situated in the cities of

Hartford and New Harven, Connecticut, and in Springfield, Massachusetts.

These branches have only a population of twentyone Latterday Saints each, yet in them there is a fully organized M. I. A. in each branch. "We

feel proud of the fact that we have three of the sixteen Mutual Improvement

Associations of the Eastern States mission, and this is only one conference out of eleven conferences in the mission, placing us far ahead of the other 602 IMPROVEMENT ERA

conferences in the line of M. I. A. work. Here in Hartford the M. I. A.

was organized just a few months ago under my direction and is the first organization of the kind in this branch, which is only a little over two years old. The M. I. A. is a great help and their meetings are the very best held

in the branch, and has the largest attendance of any other meetings, not exceeding the Sunday services held every Sunday. We put on a special

activities program or social the first meeting night of every month, thus keeping the people here interested in our work. We are following the

regularly prescribed courses of study as outlined in the Era, and the lessons are holding the interest of all and are proving a great asset to missionary work. I feel from our present progress, that we will be able to do great

things in the line of Mutual work in the future."

M. I. A. Basketball Tournament

The 1925 interstake Y. M. M. I. A. Basketball tournament comprising the Salt Lake district, including eleven stakes, came to a close on

the evening of Monday, March 9, when the Forest Dale ward team of the

Granite stake defeated the Twentyeighth ward team of the Salt Lake stake in the titular contest. A silver loving cup emblematic of the tourney

championship will be awarded the winning team.

The champions as in the above picture are left to right: standing, back, Wayne

Bennion, Richard Hansen, John Buhner, coach; Geo. Cameron, Jack Freeze,

captain; kneeling, Paul Olsen, Vernon Anderson, Lowell Bennion and Richard

Bird.

The winning team defeated the powerful Twentyeighth ward boys of the Salt Lake stake 8 to 7. The low score gives some indication of the

MUTUAL WORK 60 3

close fight put up by both teams, and the interest continued from start to finish. The Poplar Grove boys of the Pioneer stake took third place

in the rating by deafeating the Pleasant Green boys 20 to 13.

Fathers and Sons'Outing in South Africa

Conforming to the outlines submitted by the general officers of the

Church on M. I. A. activities, the M. I. A. of the Mowbray branch of the

South African mission take pride in announcing"the successful efforts accompanying the first "Fathers and Son's Outing"held in South Africa.

On the evening of December 15, 1924, after the men were home from their day's work, twenty happy youths of varying ages, with knapsacks and blankets slung across their shoulders, left for Kirstenbosche, the National Botanical Gardens, to participate, in a pleasure the likes of which they had never before enjoyed. The hike to the camp was taken by way

of the De Vaal drive, a beautiful roadway winding through the valley at the base of Table Mountain which rises majestically into the sky and overlooking the valley below. On either side of the road are the oaks

with their gnarled branches forming an archway high overhead and presenting a picture, not of symmetry, but of strength and durability, synonymous with the youths of Zion marching beneath their branches. Songs were

sung during the journey to camp to keep up the cheer and alleviate the tiresomeness of the climb.

Camp was reached at 9 o'clock p. m. The camp fire, which had

been prepared by three of the elders who had gone on ahead, was burning brightly, and its flames, leaping into the air causing the shadows to flit and hop about as phantoms of the night, made a fitting setting for the evening supper which was soon served to the fatigued and hungry hikers, as they passed by the cooks, with smiling faces and keen appetites.

Songs were sung and stories enjoyed afterward, and as the fire began to dim and the air became fresh and hearts full of gratitude still,—with

and thanksgiving every head was bowed in prayer.

Under the huge oak trees with the fire flies and squirrels flitting and running about, this happy crowd went off to dreamland with tired bodies but light hearts.

With the first glimpse of dawn all were up and ready for the day's sports. Breakfast was handled in a first class manner; dishes were washed,

beds aired, and camp put in first class order. Games were arranged so

that everyone was kept happy, both old and young. Satan found no

idle hands to assist him in this crowd.

After dinner everyone enjoyed a good rest during a "quiet hour"on this hot December holiday, under the shade of the trees, while the town people were sweltering with the heat. The time was far too short for all.

but in the brief day and a night together we feel sure that stronger bonds of love and friendship were formed between father and son, brothers and friends.

Towards evening all knapsacks and blankets were neatly packed and strapped again to the shoulders of the happy boys ready for their return home. Prayer was offered by branch president Thomas Wilson after

which camp was broken and the hike back to home was made. The

Mowbray M. I. A. is now looking forward with joy and anticipation for

a larger and even more successful Fathers and Sons'Outing in 1925.

This outing was conducted by Y. M. M. I. A. Superintendent Waldemar

Y. Clayton and Conference President George Y. Pugmire with the traveling

elders, Hyrum L. Crane, Clarence L. Rockwood, and Kenneth C. Woodruff, in attendance. George Pugmire, Conference President.

604 IMPROVEMENT ERA

FATHERS AND SONS'OUTING, DECEMBER 16, 1924, SOUTH AFRICA

Top: Y. M. M. I. A., Superintendent, Waldemar Y. Clayton; Conference President,

George Pugmire; Branch President, Thomas Wilson; Elder Hyrum L. Crane;

Elder Clarence L. Rockwood; Mr. A. Robus.

Bottom: Cooking dinner. Fathers and Sons'Outing, December 16, 1924, South

Africa. Elder Pugmire, Alvin Park, Leslie Hobbs, Elder Woodruff, Elder

Rockwood, Elder Crane.

ft3 re 0,ST S -g -2? t; re 2 ft d

E

w -a c w 2 a < s= fie =r e.

hC/) c u W l -N >C UJU bo. 5"fl

Z >- <.Q w

t/i o"5C fi Z,o1 oK h ft COw E J!

-j (zr -,u.C pq

-SC/1 <n o 14 C 2 2 s

2 o

3 J3 S h J3 wC 3 -a c bo M 'S E -3 < 606 IMPROVEMENT ERA

THE COUGARS

This basket ball team represents the Brigham Young University. The team won

the 1924 basket ball championship of the State of Utah, and for the second consecutive year also won the championship for 192 5 on March 7. The

players are, front row, left to right: Fred "Buck"Dixon, forward; Orin

"Bob"Howard, (captain) guard; Golden "Kid"Romney, center; Grant

"Rags"Ingersoll, center; Reed Stewart, forward; Paul Packard, guard; back

row: Paul Thorne, guard; Lowell Biddulph, forward; Elwood "Rip"Gledhill, guard; Monte Groesbeck, forward; Wesley Lloyd, forward; Fred

"Frosty"Richards, forward, Chauncy Harmon, guard. (Not in picture.)

M. I. A. in New Zealand

Rulon H. Tingey. mission secretary, Auckland, New Zealand: "In

practically all the organized branches of the mission we have a Mutual

Improvement organization, all of which are joint, since the branches arc so small that separate young men's and young ladies'associations are impracticable. There is a big field for Mutual work here, but we are so

hampered by lack of numbers that the recreational phases particularly cannot be properly carried out. The young people here need such recreation since

there is little or no home life and the public dances are in many instances improper. The result is, the moral standard is deteriorated and many of our

younger members cannot wholly escape being influenced by the same."

The Horse Head of San Juan The west is noted for its majestic mountains, its peaceful valleys, its abysmal canyons and defiles, its noble rivers and placid lakes. Its natural

beauty is unsurpassed anywhere on earth. Even the much celebrated and

MUTUAL WORK 607

advertised beauty of Switzerland cannot outrival either in magnitude or in natural beauty that of the western part of the United States. Utah

holds front rank in the magnitude and beauty of her scenery, among her sister states.

Southeastern Utah is perhaps the richest region in the west for natural wonders. There are so many of these interesting scenes that we overlook

many that are less conspicuous than Bryce's or Little Zion, or the natural bridges.

One's attention is drawn to Monticello, Utah, where nature has left

many marks of her love of the beautiful, the grand and the magnificent.

West of Monticello are situated the Blue Mountains ranging from north to south. Near the northern part way up the side is located a beautiful

horse head. Nature has so planted her trees and shrubbery that the head once

located is plain and distinct. Down the face of the head the ground is bare

producing the effect of a bausondfaced horse. In the winter time the white

strip in the face makes the head stand out more plainly than at other times due to the contrast of the white snow against the dark trees.

With stiffened ears and wide nostrils the horse reveals power and strength and beauty and defiance as if he had been rudely awakened by some intruder.

A view of this picture should make plain the simple beauty of the

Blues and the noble sublimity of the Horse Head. Othello Hickman,

Monticello, Utah.

Nature There are heights that men may reach

That will make the world applaud;

But they all do meet defeat.

When we view the works of God.

I love the mountains, and the beasts and the grassgrazing animals that roam among them. All of them have good traits. The trees, the flowers,

the rocks and streams are great teachers, and I love to be among them in search of truth. It makes me partly realize the love the Savior had for

the mountains of Galilee, how lonely he must have been to wander around among the people with no one to converse with, for he was the only one 608 IMPROVEMENT ERA

THE AUTHOR WITH TEX, THE PONY, AND BOB, THE DOG FRIEND

who fully understood: and the joy that must have come to him to

have the privilege to go into the mountains alone and pray to his Father in heaven who understood all. I could weep for joy over the fine thoughts

that have come to me, and yet I realize they are just bits of crumbs that have fallen from the Master's table. Christen Hansen, Mink Creek, Idaho.

Snowflake Stake Reaches Top Under Difficulties

Stake Secretary Seymour P. Fish of the Snowflake stake, Arizona, in

enclosing his efficiency report for February rejoices with us in the fact that they have attained 100%. He says: "The report conforms with all

instructions except in the matter of the M Men. Only three of the wards

have M Men classes organized as such. In these three wards there is not

a young man of the age included in that class, and in the other wards there are so few that it is impossible to carry on regular class work. In these

cases the boys of Senior class age meet either with the Juniors or the

Advanced Seniors. In view of these conditions we have taken the liberty

of reporting 1 on this item. Thj results for February are due to the

special campaign for that month. In many cases the work has been done

under considerable difficulty. In one small ward in the mountains the

president of the young men, whose wife is also president of the young ladies, is employed in one town about 25 miles distant. Each week these

two return to their home town in order that the M. I. A. work might

not be neglected. It is interesting to note that the attendance for the month

in this instance was 100% of the ward M. I. A. membership. The president of the young ladies'organization in another mountain town, having

MUTUAL WORK 609

no means of transportation, started to walk to Snowflake, more than 20 miles away, to be present at the February Union meeting. Fortunately,

she had not walked far when a passing car picked her up. We do not

know that the work next month will be quite so good, but we do know that there is increased interest in the M. I. A. work."

This picture sent us by Troop No. 15, Providence, Utah, Cache Valley Council,

B. S. A., was taken at one of their weekend hikes, the Camp Fire story

hour. The troop is under the leadership of Scoutmaster Leland Pickett.

The picture was taken at the council weekend camp on the campue of the

Utah Agricultural College in Logan.

Y. M. M. I. A. Statistical Report, February, 1925

c.2 1 i IS 8 SS a s c Su g o 5= 2 H.2 t3 -a S E 4 -3 E

g.2 S -s &! -a Is STAKES 3P 1 o a Eho a S CO < 1.3 to s"<63 mi <H -a

Bj O J Alpine. - 949 18|13lll4|133|205 66 7 74 795 90 63 110 37 186 481

Bear River.. 476 12| 8| 68| 154-| 1 14 13 102 451 46 70 46] 7 69 238

Beaver. 289 5| 5| 42| 77| 82|... | 90 291 31 61 63. 65 220

Benson 758 131 13! 1241 140(204-1 1 15(252 835 98 73 112 49(139 471

Box Elder 789 13 13 113 291 183 28(340 955 86 137 100 17|224 564

Cache. 520 8 8 94 55 159 276 584 11 3? 1 13... ]18 6 403

Carbon 360 9| 7\ 55| 92] 46] 29 114 336 36 38 32 9 87 202

Cottonwood.. | 681 1 [ 1 1 1 09 1 891226.... 269 733 89 41 161|....|207 498

Deseret -—435[12(11| 96|254|129[ 83(138 700 67 164 931 52| 1 00 476

Duchesne j 3001 1 01 1 01 711 931 63 21 86 334 59 72 481 17| 62 258 5251 lOl 1 01 SOl 7711681 l?31 551 60 40 1201 1164 384

610 IMPROVEMENT ERA

11 I i a s 3 y.2 a.5 = o "3 aa> E I ll aS i "a co | STAKES "3 1 3o o—p S O H g p a d S GO Z -

CO a Id < a<< << I"1 11 5 j Ensign 906 8 7 591139 292 31 180 701 49 64 114 21 131 379

Granite 91 1 9 9 99)105 239 99 280 822 81 67 174 66 195 5 33

Grant 1113 12 12 133 116 264 127 339 979 103 53 166 67 255 644

Hyrum 459 10 10 75 1 1 65 155 229 624 63 75 74 93 305

Jordan 605(15 9 76 | 1 29 163 39 229 636 58 61 77 16 136 348 343 5 4 40 83 103 1 13 339 36 50 65... 66 7] 7

Kanab 210 6 6 58 79 44.... 91 272 39 68 29 78 214

Liberty 1325 12 12 129 288 388 119 399 1323 109 188 235 89 284 905

Logan 608 11 10 116 102 213 259 690 86 54 126 181 447

Millard 570 9 8 8 15 12 20 55 6 7 8 15 36

Morgan 198 8 8 59 116 44 11 91 321 46 76 30 8 70 230

Mount Ogden 596 8 8 71 107 183.... 222 583 58 54 95 154 361

Nebo 476 9 8 61 137 125 6L132 516 48 65 66 35 102 316

North Davis 451 7 7 63 103)114 161153 449 51 60 97 12 110 330

North Sanpete 732 10 10 81 147 186 90|230 734 63 99 130 71 176 539

North Sevier 266 6 5 41 89 78 17] 59 284 29 54 44 13 41 181

Ogden 791 10 10 93 135 222 13|263 726 75 42 117 9 161 404

Oquirrh 420 5 5 54 66 91 47|164 422 46 27 46 23 78 220

Palmyra 492 R 6 52 54 101 12 153 372 40 36 58 6 105 245

Parowan 463 8 3 60 150 96 36 104 446 3 9 1 86 72 28 72 297

Pioneer 777 10110 97 83 219 51 254 704 79 39 126 32 167 443

Roosevelt 206| 1 1 8 62 56 39 26 74 257 49 36 30 17 60 192

St. George 668 15 15 122 252 222 116 164 876 78 132 113 56 144 523

Salt Lake 1063 12 12 128 148 194 194 322 986 118 52 97 89 211 567

San Juan 173 4 4 34 59 70 21 82 266 23 37 45 15 47 167

Sevier. 353 6 6 52 83 104 6 133 378 35 41 67 4 111 258

South Davis 503 8 8 80 105 128 23 257 593 69 67 90 14 153 393

South Sanpete 439 7 7 57 72 169 29 176 503 38 11 97 25 129 300

South Sevier 285 8 8 59 94 86 27 97 363 53 40 49 14 58 214

Tintic 254 5 5 39 98 46 2 133 3 1 8 29 49 21 1 78 178

Uintah...—407 9 8 66 71 102 112 351 50 48 84 82 264

"Utah 1100 1 5 1 5 131 164 999 430 1024 107 106 177 378 718

Wasatch 315 9 7 53 79 127 101 360 38 63 90 73 264

Weber 649 8 8 Bear Lake 358 11 9 58 72 127 129 3 86 49 38 76 77 240

Bingham 530 11 11 96 191 135 50 169 641 65 114 67 39 119 404

Blackfoot 514 12 7 59 97 54 26 87 323 42 49 55 19 55 220

Blaine 140 4 3 26 47 41 50 165 16 18 28 30 92

Boise 358 8 8 65 85 88 60 86 384 46 56 58 45 60 265

Burley 315 9 9 71 135 83 14 129 432 53 76 39 9 75 252

Cassia..... 169 5 5 46 70?9 43 55 243 30 41 15 7? 31 139

Franklin 420 11 11 107 154 137 9 204 611 80 92 96 8 138 414

Fremont...... 687 13 13 128 233 257 58 208 84 96 125 176 47 146 590

Tdaho. 169 7 5 49 59 29 49 186 32 35 15 31 1 13

Lost River.... 120 4 3 26 40 46 42 154 11 12 18 21 62

Malad 329 8 8 71 99 108 143 421 58 77 85 113 333

Minidoka 223 8 7 48 99 73 10 70 300 60 59 50 8 481225

Montpelier 345 12 12 82 127 92 19 137 457 70 62 48 6 80J266

Oneida 354 1 1 9 64 85 62 6 116 333 42 44 32 5 801203

Pocatello 473 10 10 108 104 151 26 151 540 90 65 95| 23 115|388

Portneuf 191 11 7 54 60 49 16 73 252 46 45 29 14 491183

Raft River 160 8 6 34 55 34 43 166 24 19 14 2l| 78

Rigby...... 535 13 13 122 137 133 152 13 557 89 64 86 11 931343

Shelley 33 5 1 9 9 76| 1 10 100 82 52 420 59 66 61 38 431267

Teton 3001 8 6 351 49 43 19 18 164 34 50 14 16 131127

Twin Falls.. 194| 7 7 50|102 60 74 286 31 49 37 491166

MUTUAL WORK 611

1 3 J S -S -3 6?. O Ej a o?? E o a 5 a c a e i s y I'-g STAKES t-3 ll ist; g En E-io a c "3 a Is i! 2 Jj a 363 CO IS 1*p. as < a'<2

Alberta 353 lllll 881137 149 31 151 556 58 75 91 19 102 345

Big Horn.. 340 7 3 18 40 50 20 43 171 9 17 25 12 21 84

Lethbridge 240| 9| 8| 60] 78 67 30 55 290 50 65 40 23 45 223

Maricopa 361| 8| 81 641153 89 54 94 454 55 105 67 19 89 335

Moapa 2 13 | 8| 5| 44| 69 49 00 62 224 35 36 26 00 43 140

St. Johns 73 8 1 6| 41 26| 38 45 16 68 193 25 26 27 9 57 144

St. Joseph 5 1 6 1 1 6 1 1 1| 90 90 150. 142 472 49 43 59 61 212

1 4| 4| 32 45 62 93 232 21 17 21 43 102San Juis 1 9 8

Snowflake 289110110 49 101 37 31 109 327 42 71 21 18 84 236

Star Valley.. 366 1 1 ] 1 1 105 67 94 23 98 387 86 66 99 17 89 357

Taylor 316| 6| 6 70 1 90| 96 54 1 19 429 53 60 63 41 87 799

Union 1 94 j 71 6! 531 501 85 24 45 257 39 30 35 1 1 30 145

Woodruff. 435| 8| 8| 66|141|113 3 128 451 52 80 58 1 74 263

Young 85| 4| 4| 26| 32 51...... 44 153 18 25 34.... 29 106

Calif. Mission 707|30|24| 1861289(239.. 189 903 145 186 135 140 606

N. W. States |16|16| 86|141| 39 23 33 322 73 106 32 19 23 253

Y. M. M. I. A. Efficiency Report, February, 1925

a m p. s 3 o 5 *<rt s s a CO STAKES S 'o &Ho Eq CO "ESS 3 S (S CO38 s a "O

Alpine 8 6 7 7 6 7 6 5 6 6 64 Bear River 9 5 10 10 10 10 10 8 10 10 92

Beaver 10 10 8 10 8 8 6 10 8 5 83

Benson.. 10 6 10 9 9 10 9 8 10 8 89

Box Elder 10 6 10 10 6 10 10 10 9 9 90

Cache.. 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

8 6 10 5 6 10 3 8 8 10 74 Cottonwood 10 10 9 9 10 10 9 10 10 9 96

Deseret 10 10 8 4 6 10 10 10 10 8 86

Duchesne 10 10 10 3 5 10 5 6 7 7 73

Emery 10 10 10 8 7 10 8 6 9 7 87

Ensign 7 6 10 10 10 10 7 6 10 10 86

Granite 9 10 10 10 10 10 8 6 10 10 n

Grant - 9 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 99

Hyrum 10 5 10 10 10 10 10 9 10 10 94

Jordan 10 6 10 9 7 10 10 6 10 9 87

Juab. 9 6 10 10 10 10 10 8 10 9 92

Kanab. 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

Liberty.. 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

Logan 10 9 10 10 10 9 9 9 10 9 95

Millard 1 9 10 10 5 10 9 10 10 9 83

Morgan 10 10 10 10 8 9 10 10 10 8 95

Mount Ogden.. 10 9 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 99

Nebo 10 7 6 6 4 9 2 2 9 9 64 North Davis 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

North Sanpete.. 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

North Sevier.... 10 10 10 4 5 10 5 5 10 6 '75

Ogden 9 6 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 95 612 IMPROVEMENT ERA

a. '% a c "2 STAKES S 3 1s re 03 OS

Oquirrh 10 5 10 10 | 10 10 10 10 10 10 95

Palmyra 8 1 7 8 10 5 10 7 4 7 6 72

Parowan 9 7 8 9 10 10 9 9 6 77

Pioneer 9 6 10 10 9 10 7 7 10 10 88

Roosevelt 10 10 2 3 5 1 5 7 6 6 55

St. George 10 6 7 4 5 10 7 8 6 6 69

Salt Lake 9 9 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 98

San Juan. 10 10 10 5 8 10 10 7 10 10 90

Sevier 10 10 10 7 10 10 10 10 10 10 97

South Davis 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

South Sanpete. 10 10 9 9 10 10 10 7 10 10 95

South Sevier 10 10 8 8 6 8 8 10 9 8 85

Tintic 10 5 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 95

Uintah 9 10 10 5 6 10 9 6 10 10 85

Utah 9 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 9 98

Wasatch 10 10 10 4 10 10 10 10 10 10 94

Weber 8 7 9 9 7 10 9 9 10 10 88

Bear Lake 10 6 10 6 3 8 7 7 7 8 72

Bingham 10 9 10 9 10 10 10 10 10 10 98

Blackfoot 6 10 9 5 10 10 10 8 9 10 87

Blaine *.. 10 6 8 5 3 8 6 8 8 8 70

Boise 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

Burley.. 10 10 9 6 8 10 1 io 9 8 9 89

Cassia 10 8 10 10 8 10 10 10 10 10 96

Franklin. 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

Fremont. 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 9 10 99

Idaho 10 9 3 10 8 8 8 10 10 6 82

Lost River 10 7 7 5 7 7 6 6 5 5 65

Malad 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

Minidoka 10 10 9 5 8 9 8 10 5 7 82

Montpelier 10 9 10 5 1 10 10 10 10 10 91

Oneida 9 9 7 10 6 10 9 7 10 8 85

Pocatello 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

Portneuf 10 10 7 4 2 8 6 7 10 7 71

Raft River 10 5 4 1 6 5 6 2 6 45

Rigby... 10 9 10 7 7 10 9 9 10 8 89

Shelley 10 10 10 8 8 10 10 9 9 9 93

Teton 5 10 5 3 3 10 8 7 10 5 66

Twin Falls 10 9 9 4 5 9 8 8 9 7 78

Alberta 10 9 9 10 10 9 9 9 10 9 94

Big Horn... 5 5 4 1 1 4 2 3 3 4 32

Lethbridge 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

Maricopa 10 10 10 10 10 10 9 10 10 10 99

Moapa 10 6 10 8 10 10 10 10 10 84

St. Johns 8 10 7 5 10 7 6 5 6 64

St. Joseph 9 5 10 5 3 10 10 8 10 10 80

San Luis 10 7 5 5 3 7 6 4 8 5 60

Snowflake 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

Star Valley.... 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

Taylor 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

Union 10 9 10 7 9 10 10 10 10 10 95

I 5 8 88Woodruff 10 9 10 10 9 10 8 9

Young 10 10 10 5 10 5 7 7 7 71

Calif. Mission 10 10 8 "l 3 9 8 6 2 8 63

8 7.... 5 60 N. W. States.. 10 10 9 1—10

The new secretary of state is Frank B. Kellog, of Minnesota, whose

nomination to succeed Charles E. Hughes as secretary of state was confirmed

by the senate, Feb. 16, 1925.

The egg export from Utah during 1924 is said to have amounted to 5 million eggs. Three years ago Utah imported a considerable amount of

that necessary part of human food supply.

A law against wearing masks in public, and while wearing masks entering public buildings and private residences in Texas, was signed by the governor,

Mrs. Miriam Ferguson, and is, therefore, now the law of that state.

All the world will celebrate the 200th anniversary of the birth of

George Washington, if the nations accept the invitation to do so, that will be issued from our National Capital. The day will be observed Feb. 22.

1932.

Mr. Harry L. Finch is appointed commissioner, to fill the vacancy in the

Salt Lake Commission, caused by the death of Dr. M. R. Stewart. The new

commissioner is a native of Cedarvale, Kansas, and came to Salt Lake City in 1892. He is a restaurant keeper.

Two ancient cities, or what remains of them, have been discovered near

Cuzco, Peru. One is supposed to be of Inca and the other of preInca

origin. The discoverer says that he found remains of stone buildings, a

temple and a fountain in the Inca city and that there were traces of a wide road which descended into the valley.

Automobiles to the value of $60,000 were stolen in Salt Lake City during the first two months of 1925, according to figures compiled by

Deputy Sheriff A. S. Nichols. The figures represent 104 cars. The

deputy declared that 90 per cent of these thefts were commited by juveniles, which simply indicates that in this jazzcrazed, mammonworshiping world, we are losing our moral bearings.

A new tomb is discovered m Egypt near the Giza pyramids, by the

Harvard expidition, thought to be 1700 years university—Boston Museum

older than the tomb of Tutankhamen. It is supposed to belong to the time

of King Seneferu, the first king of Dynasty IV, the predecessor of Cheops, about 3,000 B. C.

The correct measurements of the earth, as calculated by the late Professor

John Fillmore Hayford, of the Northwestern University school of engineering, Chicago, and accepted at the international Geodetic and Physical Union at its recent meeting, in Madrid, are 7,926,678 miles for the equatorial, and 7,899.964 miles for the polar diameter. This is believed to be correct

within a hundred feet or so.

Returning sanity is seen in the statement made by Sir Arthur Keith,

British anthropologist, that the period generally assigned to trie age of man have to be shortened. He has come to the on earth 500,000 years—may

conclusion that the African negro is not an old tribe, but of recent origin.

Living men, he says, have been discovered who resemble men whom we formerly knew only as fossils.

U. S. Senator Medill McCormick, of Illinois, died in a hotel in WashoI4 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ington, Feb. 25, 1925, at the age of 47 years. He was found dead wheii

his apartment was broken into. He was one of the "irreconcilables"during

the fight against the late President Wilson, on the Versailles peace treaty and the League of Nations. Mrs. McCormick is the daughter of the late

politician, Mark Hanna.

An earth tremor was felt in the northeastern portion of the United

States and the southeastern portion of Canada, March 1, 1925, the origin of which is puzzling to scientists. The disturbance lasted a couple of

minutes. Three deaths were reported from the St. Lawrence and Saguenay

valleys, Canada, and one from Newark, Ohio. The Roman Catholic church

at St. Hilarion, sixty miles from Quebec, was demolished.

Dr. Marion LeRoy Burton, died Feb. 18, 1925, at Ann Arbor, Mich.,

of a complication of diseases. 'For a number of years he has been president

of the University of Michigan. Burton suffered his first illness last May,

but recovered sufficiently to take his usual part in the June commencement exercises of the school. He spent the summer in rest, broken only by the

trip to Cleveland, where he made the speech nominating Calvin Coolidge for president.

Hjalmar Branting, recently prime minister of Sweden, died in Stockholm, Feb. 24, 1925, after an illness that began Nov. 30, last, with

influenza. For some time the reports of his condition were optimistic, but,

finally, gallstone inflammation developed and it became evident that the end was approaching. The death of Branting is a great loss to his country, and

to the cause of progress and civilization in all the world. In the meetings

of the Council of the League of Nations he will be missed, for there he was a pillar of strength. His successor in the Swedish cabinet is Rickard

Sandler.

Chileon L. Miller, a Utah pioneer of 1849, died at his residence in

Murray, March 9, 1925. He was the first mayor of Murray, and, in his

early days, was quite active in the building up of this section of the State. In

1894 and 1895 he filled a mission to the Northern States. At the time

Granite stake was organized he was chosen as a member of the presidency of the high priests quorum, a position which he held until the organization of the Cottonwood stake, at which time he became president of the high priests quorum, of that stake. He was recently ordained a patriarch.

Former U. S. Senator Wm. A. Clark of Montana died, March 2, at his

home in New York, of pneumonia, at the age of 86. He was one of the

wealthiest men of the United States, his income being, at one time, estimated at $12,000,000 a year. One of his close friends in Utah was the late

United States Senator Thomas Reams, who was associated with him in the building of the Salt Lake & Los Angeles railroad, which then was known as the San Pedro, Los Angeles & Salt Lake railroad. Senator Reams

and Senator Clark were close personal friends, and their friendship resulted in the formation of partnerships in many Utah enterprises.

Dr. Sun YatSen, the famous Chinese politician, died at Pekin, March

12, 1925, after an operation performed at the Rockefeller hospital, Jan. 26.

Few, if any, statesmen, past or present, have known more ups and downs, more victories and defeats, more loyalty or more treachery than Dr. Sun

YatSen, the first provisonal president of China, frequently called the "father of the republic"and often referred to as the "George Washington of the far east."Dr. Sun, although few of his associates knew it, was a Christian.

He was born in Honolulu in 18 62 and received his medical education in the

Hongkong college. He was married quite early in life and was the father of

two children, a son and a daughter.

PASSING EVENTS 615

A burning sea was the harbor of Rio de Janeiro, March 2, 1925, when burning gasoline from thousands of cases spread over the water, owing to an explosion. In the morgue were 274 bodies on March 2, and it was feared

that hundreds more would be found. The 274 bodies were all from Cajus

Island where the explosion of 38 tons of dynamite on Feb. 27, resulted in

more than 600 deaths and 1,3 79 injured on the Island and in the city of Rio three miles away. Eighteen are dead in Rio. In addition to the

fatalities the enormous number of injured include more than 200 rendered deaf by the explosion. A number went insane. Five additional explosions

occurred on March 1, destroying remaining quantities of dynamite on

Nichteroy Island.

Friederich Ebert, first president of the German republic, died, Feb. 28,

1925, of peritonitis, following an operation for appendicitis. He was

elected provisional president Feb. 11, 1919, receiving twothirds of the votes

cast in the German assembly. Despite his vigorous opposition to the varied

movements of the Spartacists and Communists, President Ebert handled the difficulties of his position so well that in 1922, he was requested by a coalition of several parties to remain in office until June, 1925. One

danger after another threatened Ebert's government, with riots breaking out in many parts of Germany, with food extremely scarce and the mark plunging down into an abyss of financial ruin. Ebert weathered storm after storm,

watched ministry succeed ministry and worked out each toward his country's rehabilitation.

Hyrum Smith Young died, Feb. 28, at his home in Salt Lake City, of

blood pressure. He was born at Salt Lake, January 2, 1851, and was a

son of the late President Brigham Young and Emmeline Free Young. In

1872 he married Georgiana Fox, daughter of Jesse W. Fox, one of the

original surveyors of Salt Lake, the marriage taking place in Salt Lake City.

In 1882 he entered the banking business as a profession. That year he

went to Ogden and helped organize the First National bank, now the First

Utah National bank. Mr. Young returned to Salt Lake in 1889 and became cashier of the Deseret National bank, which position he held at the

time of his death. He is survived by the following children: Mrs. W. D.

Nebeker, Mrs. C. W. Gates, Leslie G. Young, who is assistant cashier of the

Deseret National bank; Mrs. George H. Taylor, Miss Georgia Young. Dow

H. Young and Dale S. Young.

A railroad through the Uintah basin may be constructed in the near future. At a annual meeting, March 9, in Salt Lake City, of the Salt Lake

and Denver Railroad company and the UtahColorado Industrial corporation, a resolution was passed authorizing the application to the interstate commerce commission for a certificate of convenience and necessity for the construction of a railroad from Provo to connect with the Denver and Salt Lake railroad ( (Moffat line) at Craig. Colo. The granting of the application

would mean the construction of a railroad from Craig, Colo., through the

Uintah basin to Provo, thus opening up a region in Utah unusually rich in resources. With the construction of the proposed line and the completion of the Moffat road through the Moffat tunnel, the distance from

Denver to Salt Lake will be cut from 745 miles to 575 miles.,

Michel Harry De Young, publisher of the San Francisco Chronicle, died in San Francisco, Feb. 15, 1925, after an operation for intestinal trouble.

He was 75 years of age. Mr. De Young was born in St. Louis, Mo., in

1849. He was descended from a French noble family. At an early age'

he removed to San Francisco where he was educated. In 1865 Mr. De

Young, with his brother, Charles, established The Dramatic Chronicle, which was made a leading newspaper on the death of Charles in 1-81S0. At that

616 IMPROVEMENT ERA

time Mr. De Young became sole proprietor of the paper and its editorin-

chief. The Chronicle publisher often told of how he and his brother started

their little paper on a borrowed twentydollar gold piece. The Chronicle

today is one of the largest daily newspapers in the United States.

The 16th legislature of the State of Utah adjourned March 13, 1925 at 2:43 in the morning. Before closing, the Sharp bill concerning the use of

schoolhouses in the State was passed. As amended it provides "that no

public schoolhouse erected by school funds, shall be used for any religious purpose whatsoever, except funeral services, until thirty minutes after school shall have closed on any day in which school is in session in such schoolhouse."The bill, as originally proposed, was intended as a blow at the

religion classes of the Church. As amended, it permits such classes in the

schoolshouses after school hours, provided half an hour's recess is given for the purpose of airing the schoolroom and giving the children needed exercise. This compromise was accepted in the interest of harmony. The

bill seemingly permits funeral services to be held in the schoolhouses during school hours, and without preceding ventilation.

The tide against tobacco is rising all over the country among athletes and athletic organizations. Three state high school Athletic Associations

Minnesota, North Dakota and taken positive action, proKansas—have

hibiting any student who smokes from being a representative of the school he attends, in any kind of athletic contest. The effect for good is seen

in many schools in the above states, not only among athletes, but among other students, to whom many of the athletes are heroes. Its influences reach

down in the grades, as well. Prof. Ringdahl, superintendent of the school

in Dawson, Minn., says: "I have heard grade boys say 'I'm not goingj:o

smoke, because when I get into high school, I want to play basketball.'

Walter Christie, coach at the University of California for over twenty years, said to a group of high school boys: "Tobacco is the greatest curse in

America today, doing far more harm than liquor has ever done."Will H.

Brown, Oakland, California.

The body of Floyd Collins was found, Feb. 16, 1925, by one of the

laborers of the rescue party. Death had come, according to the opinion of

physicians, only 24 hours before the arrival of the rescuers. Collins entered

the cave January 30, in order to explore it, although this was known to be a dangerous undertaking. When he failed to return the next day,

his relatives became anxious for his safety, and a friend entered the cave to look for him. He found him about 65 feet from the mouth of the grotto,

unable to proceed any further, because his left foot had been caught by a fallen boulder, holding him as in a trap, pinned to the spot. Shortly afterwards a brother accompanied his friend to the imprisoned man. They

brought with them food and blankets, and a lamp attached to an electric wire but could not liberate him. Then a rescue party was organized. The

fourth day after the accicdent, Collins was entirely shut off from the rest of the world, through some displacement of the earth and gravel. It was

then decided to sink a shaft from the top of the hill. It was this work

that ended in the finding of the body, seventeen days after the accident occurred. It is estimated that $150,00-0 was spent on the rescue work.

Waldo and Thon Call were cruelly murdered, March 5, 1925, near

Penuelos ranch, Chihuahua, Mexico, by a Mexican, whom they befriended.

According to a communication to Pres. A. W. Ivins from Joseph C. Bentley,

president of the Juarez stake, the boys, 20 and 5 years old respectively, had been transporting merchandise from a store at Dublan to the Garretas ranch.

While on the road they overtook a Mexican man, a woman and child. The

Call boys invited them to ride and gave them food. The group camped

PASSING EVENTS 617

near Penuelos ranch. It appears that Waldo was preparing supper at the

fire and the Mexican was splitting wood behind him with an ax. With

robbery as the probable intent, it is supposed the Mexican slipped up behind

Waldo and hit him over the head with his own ax. Waldo's body was found

near the wagon tongue, with evidence of a struggle and his clothes were covered with dirt and blood. There were eight or nine wounds on his head.

The small boy was cut in the forehead, and apparently died instantly. From

the description of the persons riding with the boys, it is thought they were prisoners liberated from Nueva Casas Grandes, and that the man was probably insane. Waldo was the son of Dottie Call, who died 10 years ago, and

Thon's mother is still living.

Edwin Hamblin's death is more than the going of an individual, it is the passing of an no longer understood and not appreciated now, institution—one

'tis true, but an institution that was very, very useful in its day in the west.

When Brigham Young came with the pioneers to Utah he saw that it was cheaper to feed the Indians than it was to fight them. This required a

lot of men to go on to the frontier and learn the Indian language, the Indian ways and to get their confidence. He picked Jacob Hamblin, the greatest of

them all, Thales Haskell, Ira Hatch, Edwin Hamblin, and later Dan W.

Jones to go to Arizona and A. E. Teitjen to go to New Mexico, and make

this their life work. To do this they gave up all that most civilized people

think is best in life, but they did go and they were to the devoted—devoted

Church and white friends left behind and to the Indians among whom they went. With the passing of Edwin Hamblin, all the older ones are gone, and

only A. E. (Hans) Teitjen, of the younger ones, is left. Those men saved

lives by the thousand. In the whole settlement of the west, none were more

useful. In my opinion, there is no more honored grave in all the west than

that of Jacob Hamblin. at Alpine, Arizona, and that of Edwin Hamblin, in

St. George, deserves to be classed with it. George H. Crosby, Jr., Green

River, Wyo., Jan. 26, 1925.

Alma Eldredge passed away in'his home in Salt Lake City, Feb. 22, of

pneumonia, 83 years of age. He was born near Indianapolis, Ind., Oct. 13,

1841, the son of Ira and Nancy Black Eldredge, and late in the year 1847 crossed the plains to Utah with his parents in a train commanded by Captain

Daniel Spencer. In 1861 he went to Coalville, where he engaged in the ranching and stockraising business, and was one of the four to construct the first

ditch to tap the Weber river in Summit county for irrigation purposes. In

1863 he was married to Marinda M. Merrill of Ogden, who survives him.

Later he followed freighting from Salt Lake City east along the mail line, and in 1868 was occupied in grading of the Union Pacific railroad company east of Evanston, Wyo. From 1869 to 1871 he filled a mission in England

and Ireland. In 1879 he entered the mercantile business, and was also for

a number of years identified with the Johnson coal mine at Coalville.

He took a prominent part in local politics, having served in the offices of sheriff of Summit county, prosecuting attorney for that county, and for three terms as probate judge. He was a member of the last territorial

legislative council from his district, and took an active part in all legislative matters. He was also a member of three state constitutional conventions the

last one of which framed the present constitution of the state of Utah.

In 1898 he was his party's candidate for congress, but was defeated by the

Democratic nominee. In L. D. S. Church matters he took an active part,

and at the time of his death was a high priest.

Calvin Coolidge and Charles G. Dawes assumed their high offices of

president and vicepresident, respectively, on March 4, 1925, when the 68th

Congress came to a close and the Senate of the 69th was called into extra session. Mr. Coolidge renewed his oath of office on his grandmother's Bible

618 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and in a short inaugural address restated his policies of government frugality.

General Dawes furnished a succession of surpises and thrills that stirred senatorial ire. First, he read the riot act to the senate on the necessity of

revising its rules to outlaw the oneman filibuster. Then, instead of swearing in the new senators in fours, he ordered them brought up in a bunch.

Then he cut short the ceremony of senators signing the book, and finally, without any senator having made a motion to adjourn, he announced that the deliberative body would proceed to attend the inauguration. President

Coolidge in his inaugural address declared that the condition of the world is satisfying and encouraging and that our own country is leading the world in the general readjustment of the results of the great conflict. He continued

by saying that human nature is the most constant thing in the universe, and that essentials of human relationship do not change. Our country represents

nothing but peaceful intentions toward all the earth, but it ought not to fail to maintain such a military force as comports with the dignity and security of a great people. It ought to be a balanced force, intensely modern, capable

of defense by sea and land, beneath the surface and in the air. He said he

was strongly in favor of a continuation of conferences on the limitation of our sea power whenever conditions are such that there is even a promise that practical and favorable results might be secured. He expressed himself as

being in favor of economy and toleration and concluded by declaring that

America seeks no earthly empire built on blood and force * * * She cherishes no purpose save to merit the favor of Almighty God.

Spring

Through the dreariness of Winter

Comes the morning light of Spring

All our lives and loves are brightened

With the beauty that it brings.

All the silent velvety stilness

That comes on the heels of a heavy storm

Has been filled with chirps and singing

That always greet the new Spring morn.

Upward springs the lovely flowers

Glad to feel the warmth and light.

All the world looks up with gladness

Beyond the clouds of fleecy white.

With it comes the birds returning

From the sunny lands beyond, And the little quacks and hisses

Come from off the old goose pond.

Should we not then all endeavor

To keep the happiness and cheer

That comes directly after Winter

Throughout the whole long year?

San Francisco, California. ANNIE WEBB.

ADVERTISERS IN THIS ISSUE

Agricultural College of Utah Salt Lake Knitting Store

Beesley Music Company So. Pacific R. R. Lines Beneficial Life Ins. Co. Jos. Wm Taylor Bennett's Service Stations University of Utah

Deseret Book Company Utah Farmer

Intermountain Life Ins. Co. Utah Home Fire Ins. Co.

hModelP-S KnittingBusinessWorksCollege UtahIdahoUtah Power School& LightSupplyCo.

Modern Furniture Co. Zion's Cooperative Mctle. Inst.

IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1925 Two Dollars per Annum Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter

Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided foe in Section 1103, Act of

October 3, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918

Heber J. Grant. \ Melvin J. Ballard, Business Mgr. Editor

Edward H. Anderson, \ Moroni Snow, Assistant.

Fremont River, Near Fruita, Utah Frontispiece

April. A Poem Alice Morrill 497

Faith in the Living God Prest. Anthony W. Ivins 499

The Reason. A Poem Agnes Just Reid 507

The Heritage and II (III) John Henri/ Evans 508 Promise—Part"He that Would Be Story Mary H. Woolsey 513 Greatest,"—I. A

Still Voices. Illustrated Joseph Hickman 520

Three Phases in a Life. A Poem Alan C. Reidpath 526

Picture Shows W. H. Boyle 5 27

My Ambition. A Poem A. Henderson 523

Who were the Builders of the Lost City of

Nevada? George C. Sutherland 529

Opportunity. A Poem Joseph Longking Townsend.. 534

The Valley of Fire. Illustrated Edward G. Wells 535

Vindication 'Frank C. Steele 537

Success. A Poem Nellie Skinner 539

Harvest Scene near Cardston, Canada Joseph Y. Card 540

Scene on the "Church Ranch"near Cardston,

Canada 5 4 Wings of the Night. A Story Fred McLachlin 542

The Dawn Joseph Quinney, Jr. 549

Heroes of 10. Mme. Curie F. S. Harris and N. I. Butt.. 550 Science—To My Son. A Poem Lucy Wright Snow 552

The Fourth of the Far Fifteen. A Story Alfred Powers 553

One Good Work. A Poem Elsie Parton 566

My Day of Silence. A Poem Alfred Lambourne 5 67

Language of the White Indians J. M. Sjodahl 568

Start Smiling. A Poem Roberta Flake Clayton 571

Greater Love. A Story Georgia L. Pinkerton 572

Adversity's Test. A Poem Vance O. hind 575

How I was Cured of Purloining. A Story Glen Perrins 576

Moroni. A Poem Ruth May Fox 577

"Bread Cast upon the Waters"Harold H. Jenson 578

Till the Victory's Won, Male Chorus Brigham Cecil Gates 5 80

Prophecy and 582 History—XXIIXXIV

American Indian Traditions 583

Messages from the Missions. Illustrated 584

Sympathy -Lucy G. Bloomfield 594

Editors'in God an Impetus to Table—Faith

Righteous Living 595 "The Lord is Risen Indeed"595

Religious Training in the Home 597

Bits of Philosophy Nephi Jensen 596

Easter Bells. A Poem David Archibald 598

Priesthood Quorums 599 Mutual Work 600 Passing Events,-. rr..—, $ 1

THE VICTOR RECORDS 6 MORMON HYMNS I. A. Contest Music M.

All Your Musical Wants Supplied

BEESLEY MUSIC CO.

THE UTAH FARMER Announces new cooperative subscription rates

ONE YEAR 50c THREE YEARS $1.35

FIVE YEARS $2.00

The direct local bearing of THE UTAH FARMER makes it invaluable on the farms and in the homes of the Intermountain country. If you are not

already a subscriber send in your order at the new reduced rates.

THE UTAH FARMER BOX 1753 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

substitute for Life Insurance No can be found until you find a Remedy for Death

Our modern upto-date contracts afford complete protection.

Our insurance in force including the Double Indemnity feature has passed the $32,500,000 mark.

Our Premiums and Interest Income now total between

SEVEN AND EIGHT HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS

PER ANNUM

InterMountain Life Insurance Company

J. O. CARTER, President

Home Office, Twelfth Floor Continental Bank Building Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA \jHalfHundred College purses Each anECent Twentyeight teachers and lecturers—each an outstanding author-

>1? ity in his line—will be at your service in the Second National

L Summer School. Courses, with graduate or undergraduate credit,

covering all the major branches of learning. Several of these

celebrities will remain through the full quarter, June 15 to August 29. The

College's regular faculty will also give courses. A delightful program of

campus play and recreation will vary the schedule of study.

Prepare to attend, to study under such famous educators as Carver of Harvard,

McCollum of Johns Hopkins, Sedgewick of the U. of British Columbia and

Kilpatrick of Columbia.

1st Term: June 15 to July 25 2nd Term: July 27 to Aug. 29

Tuition: $25 for first term of 6 weeks

$35 for Quarter Write for Catalog ]1 UtahAgricultural tblleqe

ReliabilityService

"Everything for Office and School"Church Furniture, Assembly Room and

Auditorium Seating.

Portable Folding and Kindergarten Chairs for Class Room

GlobeWernicke Filing Cabinets, Steel Safes, Bookcases

Leopold Office Desks and Tables

A. B. Dick Mimeographs and Supplies

We believe it has been our privilege and pleasure in the past to serve more

L. D. S. church organizations for equipment than any other organization in

the West. Moreover, each and everyone whom we have served we are able

quality of materials, workto refer to as a satisfied customer—satisfied with

manship, price and service.

UtahIdaho School Supply Co.

155 SOUTH STATE ST. SALT LAKE CITY

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Serving Utah!

Better equipped than at any time in its history, the

University of Utah During its Summer Quarter will offer a rare opportunity to Utah Educators.

A rich selection of courses of particular value to the teachers of the state is programmed.

SPLENDID FACULTY Supplementing the regular University faculty, the following distinguished specialists will offer courses:

Dr. John Sundwall, University of Michigan, Dr. Fletcher Harper Swift, Teachers ColHead of Dept. of Hygiene and Public lege, Columbia, Special Conference for

Health and Director of Students'PhysiSupts. and Boards of Education.

cal Welfare. Prof. Annie E. Moore, Director of TrainDr. Daisy A. Hetherington, Director Play ing in Primary Supervision. Special ConSchool, U. of California—Education, 2nd ference on Primary Education.

term.

Dr. J. Ray Cable, Washington University, Prof. Karl W. Gehrkens, Director, Public

School Music, Oberlin Conservatory of St. Louis, Economics. Music, Oberlin, Ohio—Special Conference

Prof. Roswell H. Johnson, University of on Music Teaching and Essentials in

Pittsburgh, Eugenics and Scientific MethConducting.

ods.

S. Bennion. Supt. of L. D. S. Supt. Edwin N. C. Barnes, Supervisor of Dr. Adam

Music, District of Columbia, also Head Church Schools—Education.

of the Public School Music Department. Miss Matilda Peterson, State Primary

Washington College, Washington, D. C. Supervisor, Primary Methods.

Miss Elizabeth K. Wilson, Dept. of ReMark Robinson, Supervisor of Music, Ogsearch and Efficiency, Kansas City Pubden, Department of Music.

Counselling. lic Schools—High School

Maximo Iturralde. University of City of Supt. H. Claude Lewis, Supt. Provo Public

New York, Spanish, entire quarter. Schools, Psychology.

of California, University Boodberg, Peter and RusIrvin S. Noall and Francis W. Kirkham, Languages Educator, Russian

sian life and literature. Industrial and Parttime Education.

Edson of or Dr. N. W. T\ W. Galloway Dean L. John Nuttall, B. Y. U., Education Association, Social Hygiene the American

Sex Education and Educational Psychology, 2nd term.

As the State School of Education, the University offers special advantage to young men and young women preparing to enter the field of teaching and to qualify for the various classes of State teacher certificates and diplomas recognized by law.

NUMEROUS GROUP RECREATIONAL FEATURES

First Term: June 10 to July 22 Fees: One Term, $15.00;

Second Term: July 27 to Aug. 29 Two Terms, $22.50.

University of Utah SALT LAKE CITY

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

NOTICE The April Conference

Will be of great Spiritual Value to all who attend. During

your stay in Salt Lake we invite you to visit our newly renoit your headquarters in a temporal sense vated store—make

we manufacture L. D. S. Garments from 95c to $4.95 per pair

in the fine Summer Weights, and SWEATERS—say you should

just see the wonderful new offerings we have on display—

we know you will be pleased with our service and that WE

CAN SAVE YOU MONEY.

YOUR KNITTING FRIENDS Salt Lake Knitting Store 70 SO. MAIN

Little Down, a Few Small Payments, A and the Famous Genuine ROUND OAK FURNACESSTOVES= RANGES ARE YOURS The question in our mind is cah you afford to be without a Round Oak, especially when they can be had so easily? There are so many satisfied users of Round Oaks—many of them your personal friends, that you really

owe it to yourself to at least investigate.

We have an instructive and interesting- book at our store for you. It tells

all about the basic principles of healthful heatingof homes. It explains and

illustrates each and every one of these powerful claims. We want you to have the Round Oak Moistair Book. When you call, be sure to

ask about our free heating plans and engineering service.

Modern Furniture Co.

DEALERS 234236 South State St. "Trade With Your Friends''

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

There Is No Top

No man or woman ever reaches his limits.of progress, though many stagnate

for want of effort. Are you in a rut?

Are you standing by while the world moves forward. Wake yourself. Get

into day school or evening school and do some regular study. Make ready for

opportunity. Our commercial courses

have helped hundreds to better positions. See us today.

L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

WE ARE IN SESSION ALL THE YEAR

Again—an offer you cannot We make overlook Daylight Your Kitchen

Be sure to take advantage of our

Offer for April Only* Utah Power & Light Co.

"Efficient Public Service'

Agents wanted to canvass from house to house, L.. D. S. GARMENTS, BLANKETS,

etc.—Write Advertising Dept., Improvement Era

Books and Your Future A few spare moments each day devoted to a well chosen book may mean all the difference to you between success and failure.

Whether you call here in person or have us serve you by mail, all the best books published are yours to choose from. Tell us what your interests are, and we will recommend books you

wilrlike to read, and profit by reading.

Books sent by mail C. 0. D.

Deseret Book Co.

44 East on South Temple Salt Lake City

Integrity Inspires Confidence JOSEPH WILLIAM TAYLOR Utah's Leading Undertaker and Licensed Embalmer 2125 SOUTH WEST TEMPLE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Phones: Wasatch 7600

Both Office and Residence My Servise has the Little Marks of Difference that Make it Distinctive

Fire Is No Respecter of Persons

You may wait till tomorrow to insure but the fire may not

"See our agent in your town 11

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA -:

i TRY OUR NEW GASOLINE BLUGREEN BOYCEITE BluGreen gasoline is the only carbonless fuel in America today. Wherever yon see Bennett's Boyceite treated gasoline featured be

rare it is BinGreen in color—or don't accept it.

BENNETT'S SERVICE STATIONS

Mountaineer Bib

Overalls For Men, Youths, Boys, Children

KIDDIES DUTCH CUT Allovers For Girls, and Play Suits In Denim and Kahki for boys

Our efforts are being put forth to make this year the banner year in the history of: c7/ie BIG HOME COMPANY

YOU NEED OUR INSURANCE WE WANT YOUR BUSINESS

Beneficial Life Insurance Co.

Home Office, Vermont Bldg.—Salt Lake

Heber J. Grant, Pres. Lorenzo N. Stohl, Mgr.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT BRA