S>s improvement ERA

Vol XIII FEBRUARY, 1910 No. 4

Published Monthly at Salt Lake City by the General Board.

$2.00 PER ANNUM

Scenic Line of the World

THROUGH

PULLMAN AND TOURIST SLEEPERS TO Before the SmoKe Clears Jlway DENVER,On your flrestricken shop, factory, officeor store, you can resume business if inST. LOUIS

sured with us. No Ion? unnecessarydelays in adjusting, no haggling over AND

terms; but prompt payment of lossesevery time. It's to our interest to get GHieAGO

you set up in business again—we can

insure you again.

For Folders, Booklets etc., adHome Fire Insurance Company of Utah dress I. A. BENTON, G.A.P.D.,

HEBER J. GRANT & Co., General Agts. Salt Lake City, Utah

2026 S. Main St, Salt Lake Cib), Utah

BOTH PHONES, 351.

Jos. Wm. Taylor

Utah's Leading Undertaker and Licensed Embalmer.

Pine Funeral Chapel, Private Parlor.Show Rooms and Morgue

OFFICE OPEN DAY AND NIGHT 21, 23, 25 South West Temple Street

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Established 1889. Capital, $200,000

Utah Commercial and Savings The STATE BANK

Lahe ca,w v,ah T-T Salt OV-'EstablishedV.tMi.h.A 1S90.7*0/1 T?*- TwTHT-L iVXT.A Bank.

solicits the accounts of Bank semiannually, on THIS Deposits. firms banks,4</c Interest,Savingscomputed and individuals, and

Commercial Banking in all its branches. extends to such customers every

Accounts of Banks and Individuals solicited. reasonable courtesy and facility.

Customers assured the best accommodations consistent with conservative and safe hanking.

Wm. F. Armstrong, Byron Groo, AnthonJoseph F.H.Smith,Lund,V.Pres.Prest, Chas.S.H.TMcEwan,Asst.CashBurton, Cashier

President. Cashier.

(When writing to Advertisers, pleas* mention the BRA.)

Furniture of Distinctive Gharacter

The superb exhibit of our offerings for the Spring Season will astonish and delight you, The line includes many new patterns of individuality and character in

FUMED OAK DINING SETS COMPLETE BEDROOM SETS In OaK, Mahogany, Maple and Waln\it

StylisK, Comfortable, Enduring

LIVING ROOM FURNITURE:

In SpanisK LeatHer This leather has the beauty which adorns, the comfort which invites, and is practically indestructible.

WE FURNISH YOUR HOME COMPLETE - CARPETS, RUGS.

DRAPERIES.—CASH OR CREDIT

GOOJP FURNITURE GOMPANY 31=33=35=37 South Main St.

W. N. WILLIAMS, Superintendent R. N. WILSON, Asst Supt.

Made for Particular People THE NEW MODEL L. C. Smith & Bros. Typewriter

Ball Bearing throughout at all vital frictional points. Instantly ready for all kinds of special work, billing, card writing,

anything needed of a typewriter No attachments required.

No special adjustments necessary. Just insert the paper

and go ahead.

L. C. Smith & Bros. Typewriter Co.

New Catalogue Free 38 W. Third South St. Salt Lake City, Utah

The WHITNEY TAILORING GO.

210 Van Buren Street, Ghicago

Is cateringto the brethren of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latter Day Saints for fine made to order garments. The make

a specialty of Dark Grey Clay Worsted. Guaranteed in every

respect such as is used by the Elders <<f the Northern States

Mission and the Northwestern States Mission. If there is no

one in your vicinity handling their samples, write to them direct, and state this publication to secure attention.::::

Priesthood Manuals for all the quorums are ready for 1910. Orders sent

to Improvement Era, 2022 Bishop's Building, Salt Lake City, Utah, will have prompt attention. If you expect your quorum to get through, and ready for

another year, you should get them started on the new lessons immediately. The

price of each of the manuals is 15 cents.

Agricultural College of Utah, Logan, Utah, December 6th, 1909.

Editor Improvement Era: The December issue of the Era impresses me

as being so excellent that I can not refrain from writing you a few words of appreciation. This issue certainty compares favorably with any similar magazine

throughout the country, and means so much more to our oeople than the best of the magazines published outside of the Church. I have read almost every

—Johnpage of thisA. Widtsoe.issue of the Era and have found pleasure and profit in the reading.

IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1910.

Joseph F. Smith, ),., Heber J. Grant, Business Manager

Edward H. Anderson, ) * ors Moroni Snow, Assistant

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

Belief in God. II Rev. J. R. Dummeloia, M. A. 289

Northern States Mission. (Illustrated) 297

A Tribute. (A Poem) Bertha A. Kleinman 299

Peoples and Places in the Orient.—VII. Nagasaki

and the Inland Sea of Japan. (Illustrated). Frank J. Hewlett 301

Quien Sabe?—"Who Knows?"(Illustration) George M. Ottinger 310

The Crown of Individuality. IV.—Facing the Mistakes of Life William George Jordan 312

Uncle Hyrum on City Life. (A Poem) S. E. Riser 317

'318Portrait of S. W. Richards '

Shipton Castle Richard W. Young, Jr 319

The "Golden Bible."II S. A. Kenner 325

The Carlyles and their House at Chelsea. (Illustrated). I Florence L. Lancaster 330

Hope On. (A Poem.) Carl P. hind 335

Hebrew Idioms and Analogies in the Book of Mormon. Ill Thomas W. Brookbank 336

Wishes for "Utah.''(APoem) L. L. Greene Riehards 342

Some Men Who Have Done Things. IV.—Edwin

Evans (With Portrait) John Henry Evans 343

Hardship—Through an Optimistic Eye. 'APoem). Theodore E. Curtis 350

Salvation Universal. IV Joseph F. Smith, Jr 351

"Out of the Abundance of the Heart"(A Story) Nephi Anderson 356

Singing as a Means of Preaching the Gospel Andrew Jenson 363

Editor's Table:—The Spiritists'Heaven 366

The Genealogical Society of Utah 368 'Men and Missions"369 Messages from the Missions 370

Priesthood Quorums'Table 374 379Mutual Work:—Deseret Gymnasium—Questions Passing Events 382

Vol. XIII. FEBRUARY, 1910. No 4.

Belief in God.*

BY REV. J. R. DUMMELOW, M. A.

II.

The Moral argument—that drawn from the phenomena of

similarly assailed, but with no better sucConscience—has been

cess. Attempts have been made to discredit the authoritative

character of conscience by claiming for it a nonmoral origin.

Conscience, it is urged, is the result of a long and complicated process of evolution, and really represents, not the divine voice of an inward monitor, but the outcome of ages and ages of racial selfinterest. To reduce it to a principle of individual selfinter-

est is obviously absurd considering how frequently conscience and immediate selfinterest are found to be ranged on opposite sides. But the interest of the community or the race is a different

thing. Generation after generation has, as it were, mechanically

impressed upon its members the tendency to act in a direction salutary to the race, so that at last this unselfish or "altruistic"principle has become a sort of instinct or second nature, varying indeed in its range, intensity, and degree of enlightenment but a constant characteristic of man as man.

* Copyright by the MacMillan Co., New York, 1908. 1909. Published by permission.

290 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

This line of argument is supported by the consideration that there are traces of apparently conscientious action in animals customarily regarded as irrational, and that conscience in mankind exhibits extremely various and inconsistent results in different circumstances and stages of civilization.

But to treat conscience and the moral argument on these lines involves a misconception of the scope of Natural Science.

The scope of Natural Science, properly so called, does not include the origin of things nor the purpose and end of their being. It is

merely concerned with a description of their present state and the discovery and analysis of the process by which they arrived thereat. Conscience is what it is, quite independently of the process

by which it may have been evolved; just as man is man—an intelligent, rational, moral, spiritual being, whatever may have been the

stages whereby the physical side of him climbed up from the humblest places of the realms of organic life. Undoubtedly the truer

sees in the humbleview of things is the teleological—that which

beginning the germ of a great future—and not the view which

refuses to man and conscience their proper names because there may have been a time when they were far removed from their present stage of development.

As for the startlingly inconsistent ways in which conscience vents itself in action, that only emphasizes the one underlying principle, the principle expressed in the words "I ought."The

subject matter of conscience and its practical range of influence may vary infinitely according to the surroundings, circumstances, and moral attainment of its particular possessor, and it is on this side that we speak of conscience as capable of education and enlightenment; but the form of conscience remains constant. It may

be stronger or weaker according to the measure of its use, but it remains in essence ever the same; a principle of moral constraint,

recognizing in extreme cases no human tribunal whatever—not even

the expressed will or the obvious immediate interest of society, in general, and witnessing to an obligation that can only have reference to a Universal Moral Ruler and Lawgiver, whose will is regarded as at once morally perfect and absolutely without appeal.

Whatever, then, may be the history of the evolution of conscience, the testimony of man's moral nature would seem to be

BELIEF IN GOD. 291

direct and unmistakable. It points to an Eternal Cause of the

Universe and of mankind characterized not merely by creative power and wisdom, but also by moral holinesss.

Is it corroborated by the testimony of history? for if the

actual ordering of the world of mankind clearly contradicts the testimony of conscience, we may still be tempted to treat that testimony as illusory.

Bishop Butler has shown convincingly that though the government of the world represents a scheme imperfectly comprehensible to us, yet there exist quite undeniable marks of moral rule—tokens that the Power which guides the world is, in more

modern phrase, something—not itself—which makes for righteousness. The rise and fall and the succession of empires; t he

advance and decadence of races, tribes, families; the fortunes of

individual men—all these, while they present many puzzling and

inexplicable features, about which we shall have more to say later on—bear witness on the whole to the righteousness of him who

sits on the world's throne.

On the physical side of human nature, where we should expect things to work themselves out most mechanically, the moral law is perhaps most clearly vindicated. Immoral conduct produces its own punishment in so large a number of cases that sin

and suffering have sometimes been regarded as simply and in every case, cause and effect. Experienze teaches us, however -and the

Bible teaches it too, in the Book of Job—that not all which we

commonly regard as evil—all pain, suffering or material loss - is

the direct consequence of moral wrongdoing in the individual who suffers. And Christ himself expressly discountenances this attribution

of suffering to sin, as its necessary cause (Luke 13: 2, 3, 4). Indeed,

suffering is not always an evil, as things are now, though we rightly look upon it as belonging to an imperfect state of existence. Sometimes it seems to be the consequence of virtue and

intended to stimulate the aspiring soul to still higher ideals.

In history, the most striking picture of moral government is to be found in the fortunes of Israel. Here we are leaving Natural

Religion and bordering upon Revelation. But if the Bible picture

of Hebrew history be taken as substantially true, it will be found to supply a'keyto historyin general, and to justify the believer's 292 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

conviction that Old Testament history differs from secular history it is uniquenot so much in its subject matter as its treatment—that

not mainly because the Chosen People were uniquely nurtured, guided and disciplined, but because here alone the veil is lifted and the true issues of personal and national conduct are made plain as they appear to him whose hand has guided the history of mankind from its beginning until now. For this reason, in spite

of our enormous advance in historical method, and of the advantage that comes from an indefinitely wider horizon, it may be boldly said that the historians of today can never hope to surpass or even to equal the fundamental grasp of truth achieved in the early and unscientific efforts of the inspired historians of Israel.

Revelation. "Natural Religion,"as it is called i. e., the

witness of human nature to God—needs Revealed Religion to complete it. Man's mind, dwelling on external nature, is led up to the

thought of an immensely wise, mighty and beneficent Creator and

Ruler. But there are many considerations which tend to depreciate the designargument and rob it of its force. Man needs some

direct assurance from outside the circle of his ordinary thought, to combat the problems raised by the presence of anomaly, failure, and waste, to say nothing of pain.

Again, man's nature bears on it the impress of moral law, and would lead him up to belief in an allholy Universal Lawgiver.

Yet there is much in the facts of human society that would draw him in a quite opposite direction. No one can read the Psalms

or the Book of Job, no one can face honestly the facts of human society around him today, without feeling something of the almost overwhelming difficulty that is involved in the spectacle of human wickedness, unpunished oppression, and unmerited suffering.

We need some more direct assurance than conscience itself can give us if we are to exclaim with real conviction:

God's in his heaven;

All's right with the world.

And it is natural to ask: If there be a God such as human

nature seems to suggest or demand, could he not—would he not

find some means of making himself known to his rational creatures?

BELIEF IN GOD. 293

The presupposition of the Bible is that he has found such means, and supplemented and completed Natural Religion by direct

Revelation. This revelation is focussed in the divinehuman figure of Jesus Christ, foretold and expected in the Old Testament,

present to teach and work in the New, and ever abiding by his

Spirit in the Church.

The fact of divine revelation is, of course, denied by Atheism:

but apart from revelation altogether, Atheism is selfcondemned by its presumption. To prove a negative is confessedly a difficult

task in any field, and the Atheist claims to have proved it in the in face of the manysidedwidest field of all—the Universe—and

testimony of Nature and Human Nature. To be justified in a

flat and categorical denial of the existence of a deity I must be furnished with a full knowledge of the universe both as a whole and in its details, so as to be competent to declare that nowhere in all the realm of things existing is there any trace of evidence which might even probably tell in favor of Theism. None but a

mind practically infinite, omnipresent, and allknowing could compass this. And so it might be suggested that the Atheist really

claims for himself the divine qualities and attributes of which he denies the existence in a God.

Another line of thought antagonistic to revelation goes by the name of Agnosticism. It dwells on the obvious limitations of our

mental powers, which find themselves baffled in every department when they attempt to pass beyond a certain point; and says that

the circumscribed human mind, excellent as it is in its own sphere, can never hope to comprehend the Infinite, the Absolute. "The

Power,"it says, "which the universe manifests to us, is inscrutable."It dwells also on the difficulties and anomalies in nature;

on the darker side of evolution—its aspect of failure, struggle and

decay; on the darker side of human nature -the presence of evil,

especially of moral evil, in the world; and says these so far balance the tokens of goodness observable, that we cannot be sure,

if there be a government of the world, whether it is one that really "makes for righteousness."

There is considerable justification for the emphasis laid by

Agnosticism on thss two factors in human life; but it is just in

regard to them th Revelation is our greatest help. The prob294 nWltOVEMENT ERA.

lem of evil scarcely falls to be discussed here: but it may be

remarked that, while a very real and pressing problem, it can be seen, in the light of Revelation, to be no insuperable obstacle to faith. With regard to the other point, the inadequacy of our faculties, it may be said at once that Natural Religion does fall short

of certainty and completeness, and that this is fully admitted in the Bible. There is a sense in which the God of the Bible is

"incomprehensible,""inscrutable."He is as high above man in

his ways and thoughts as heaven is above earth (Isaiah 55: 9).

His essential inaccessibility is expressed as a 'dwelling in the thick darkness"(1 K. 8: 12), or in "light inapproachable"(I Tim.

6: 16). "No man hath seen God at any time'... (John

1: 18). "No man kioweth who the Father is save the Son''(Luke

10: 22). Again, man as we know him is, of himself, utterly

incapable of any true knowledge of God: the natural man is incapable of discerning the things of the Spirit (I Cor. 2: 14).

At the same time no duty is more persistently impressed on their hearers by the prophets than "to know the Lord."To its

neglect are ascribed the woe and failures of the Chosen People (Isaiah 1: 3; 5: 13; Hos. 4: 6), and its presence is a guarantee of

righteous conduct. In the New Testament the knowledge of the

Father and the Son is identified with "everlasting life"(, John 17: 3).

What is the meaning of this apparent contradiction? Fallen man,

though sin has blurred in him the image of his Creator, retains still the potentiality of that communion for which he was created;

and though he cannot of his own initiative "by searching find out

God"(Job 11: 7), he can still, by penitent cooperation with Divine

grace, attain to a true knowledge of One who has been seeking him ever since the first days of alienation in Paradise (Gen. 3:9),

and has revealed himself to receptive hearts in times past "by divers portions and in divers manners"(Heb. 1:1). In himself

essentially inscrutable, God wills to be known with the knowledge of personal communion. He has given man the capacity for such

communion, and though man has rejected him, God has devised means that his banished be not outcast from him (cp. 2 S 14: 14).

The greatest prophet of the Old Testament porbrays in wonderful words this paradox of divine condescension (Isa. 57: 15). The

New Testament presents it to us in concrete form in the Messiah

BELIEF IN GOD. 29f>

on whom the wistful gaze of prophet and Psalmist had for centuries been lixed. Then was given once and for all a revelation

of God and of man together in a single life.

The revelation of God in Jesus Christ has stood the test of many generations as corresponding to the highest aspirations and most urgent demands of human nature. Consideration of its

characteristics shows it is just the revelation that man needs. On

the one hand, it is a revelation of the character of Almighty God, as in the highest and supremest sense "our Father."On

the other hand, it is a revelation of Ideal Manhood: the bewildered

question of ages about the meaning, purpose, and destiny of the human life is cleared up in the New Testament. What he tells

us, in the Sermon on the Mount and elsewhere, about our duty and our hopes in this life and beyond the grave—what he shows

us in his own person of communion with the Heavenly Father, and successful resistance of temptation in the strength of that communion—what he shows us of absolute selfsurrender, even to the

point of death, of triumph through suffering, and of new life and all these are essential parts of his Revelaglory after the grave—

tion. But the Revelation is no bare presentation of truth and of

an ideal utterly inaccessible to weak and fallen man. Grace as

well as Truth came by Jesus Christ (J )hn 1: 17). And what differentiates this from all other socalled Revelation is that, while the

ideal it holds up before man is uniquely lofty—nothing less than

perfection (Mat. 5: 48)—it supplies at the same time the motive

force necessary for arriving at the ideal.

The Revelation of Truth by itself might well generate despair.

Its most characteristic effect has always been the production of a sense of sin: resulting from the felt contrast between the absolute

holiness of Almighty God, required by him in man, and exhibited actually in the Man Christ Jesus, and the tale that conscience tells us of our own impurity and pollution. This terrible contrast

in the light of God's revealed Love—would by itself pro-—viewed

duce an unspeakably bitter remorse; but that remorse is transformed into penitence by the further revelation of Grace i. e., of

the means which Divine Love has devised for man's restoration.

And so the sense of sin leads to "Conversion."In the Bible

in the selfoffering ofteaching about Atonement—culminating

296 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Christ—we see the true Representative of Mankind removing the

barrier set up by sin, opening once more the avenue of access to

God, and so rendering possible to man a sacramental sharing of the divine life and strength. Here find their satisfaction that

instinct and yearning that led to the primitive institution of sacrifice, as old apparently and as universal as the human race. In the

teaching about the Incarnation—"the Word made flesh"—the Son

of God taking upon him not an isolated individual human personality, but our nature in a universal way, so as to become true representative man; we find the fulfilment of the true idea underlying

those strange dreams, clothed often in unworthy guise, which find expression in the "Incarnation Myth"of Hindoo and other religions.

While in the outcome of the Incarnation—the incorporation of

human personalities one by one as members into the body of Christ, that incorporation which renders the atoning sacrifice effectual in all othereach one—we see realized the ideal of the social instinct:

social "membership"being but a poor metaphor beside the living membership in the Church, "which is His Body."

Finally, the Revelation in both its sides receives a magnificent corroboration, when we see the life of Christ reproduced really, if not completely, in the thousands of his followers who, conscious of their own shortcomings, have yet been able to say with lips and life at once, "I live, yet not I but Christ liveth in me"(Gal. 2: 20).

"I can do all things through Christ which strengthened me."

[the end.]

Facts.

The man who fell was climbing.

Good habits are not made on birthdays, nor Christian character at the New Year. The workshop of character is everyday life. The uneventful and commonplace hour is where the battle is lost or won.

An expert commission appointed by the government has reported that strong drink is responsible for ninety per cent of our crime and for most of our poverty, and that alcohol, instead of being necessary to life and comfort, is inimical to both. Farm. Journal.

Northern States Mission.

Under German E. Ellsworth, president, 149 South Paulina St.,

Chicago, 111., this mission made a splendid record in 1909, in baptisms, in preaching the gospel, and in distributing the Book of

Mormon.

* '-ft t m 1 - - IS -"W

ELDERS OF THE MANITOBA CONFERENCE.

Top row, left to right: A. J. Banks, Logan; Perry Gillett, Tooele;

P. L. Brunson, Fillmore, all of Utah. Lower row: Mission President G.

E. Ellsworth; Conference President H. W. Henderson, Oneida, Bannock

county, Idaho.

c P g r

T3 o:sc p SS&<-> c -+53 > v:.S-M OoWw -g

-g > W S'/. 212

'i oi i**BS T- R 8 <?.

c3

>""56 W W.2 fe

.so+= Sh CQ

(3 --S-O CD HZ P POh

!-. -SCO CDw c—SSE p 03 S3 >

WE* C3 o> r-Ko 'p *5 5350 J-,<J CD OrS 3 c 2 'a. w

+= 'S5S J3*qs. oj

o.-[ > c3, rP

1. ffll-i OH

.22 rO, - S3K.

pP M C3c5 PC3 q=Cyr- V"H53 )—

F=H - -kT 53, -, O

"c C o--rsco g9

c5. (O pm -C-u CQO O js g.w

CD03wQJ 01 > rJ3. S g-

CD l—'-73 - be c3... aj

OQ t-8 feOfHC 'ELDERS OF THE MICHIGAN CONFERENCE.

Top row, left to right: I. H. Tippstts, Lovell, Wyo.; A. W. Ferguson, Rigby, Idaho; G. D. Goulding, Panguitch, Utah; A. P. Guerber,

Detroit, Mich, (local); Jas. M. Lay ton, Cardston, Alta, Canada; S. L.

Baker, Leavitt, Alta, Canada; R. 8. Nelson, Smithfield Utah. Second

row: Brother Crosby, St. Johns, Ariz., (Ann Arbor student); A. S. Carlile, Heber City, Utah; A. R. Kennington, Fairview, Wyoming; President G. E. Ellsworth: Conference President C. L. Sorensen, Hyrum, Utah;

B. W. Dalton, Manassa, Colo.; M. J. Flake, Snowflake Arizona. Third

row: George Swenson, Spanish Fork, E. W. Irwin, Laketown, E. E.

Nelson, Thatcher, allot'Utah; E. H. Scovil, Raymond, Alta, Canada; '0.

M. Call, Rigby, Idaho.

A Tribute.

(For the Improvement Era.)

Stand by, Old Time, with your measured tread and your shadowed wings

of gray, For I, with my feeble pow'rs to do, would paint you anew today.

I would sweep from your true old visage the lowering manmade

guise.

And make it kind as an angel's, with love in your old, dim eyes.

1 would take from your knotted fingers the scythe with its blade all bare,

And cast it back to the idle hands that placed its cold gleam there.

3C0 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

I would take from your hold the wheels of war whose clangings never

cease, And plant in its stead the scrolls of light, and the olive branch of peace.

Benign Old Friend, with your frosthung wings and your grizzled strands

of hair 'Tis men who wind up the wheels of strife and cast them everywhere.

From your sunlit dial the years of life fall quietly down as dew,

And only the sons of earth fling forth the ruin ascribed to you.

The snows of age from your whitened hands heap silently year by year,

But men's deceits blanch the hairs of youth, in a single day of fear.

'Tis men who hew down the cities'pride that gladdens the lonely

plain, Who pillage the holy templed heights, and scatter the altar flame.

'Tis men who stamp out the prints of art 'neath the engine wheels of

war, Who hide in the marble dust of blight the flowers of golden lore;

Who plunge thro'the vestal halls of peace in the groves of Elysian

shade, Who sow the tares of desolate waste where the fields of grain are laid.

'Tis men who dash, in their seething rage, at the steadfast forts of

truth, Who batter the walls of sanctity, and sever the years of youth;

Who crush and blight, who fell and slay, with the scythe of their own

decline,

And, hiding their guilty hands, would stay thy holy advance, Old

Time!

Bertha A. Kleinman.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

Peoples and Places in the Orient.

BY FRANK J. HEWLETT, DIRECTOR OF THE UTAH STATE FAIR AND

PRESIDENT OF HEWLETT BROS. COMPANY.

VII.—Nagasaki and the Inland Sea of Japan.

With the exception of a slight collision with a barge just outside of the harbor, the return voyage to Hongkong was delightful.

Father Neptune was on his best behavior. It was amusing to

hear some passengers relate some "tipping"experiences, on the other fellow. The habit is not as bad in Asia as in Europe, the

tips, as a rule, are much smaller. The American tourists, however, have gained the reputation of rapidly spoiling the Asiatic

servants. To the unsophisticated tourist the natives in the hotels,

being dressed alike, on short acquaintance strikingly resemble each other.

A Yankee banker, noted for his generosity, after partaking of the last meal, jingled the silver in his pocket, which caused the

Chinese waiter boy's stolid countenance to be wreathed in one huge smile. "What is the largest tip you ever received?"asked the

American. "Twenty Mexee,"replied China, still grinning.

The man of means handed him thirty Mex,—fifteen dollars—

'thinking to outdo the other fellow in generosity. The "tip was

accepted with a bow. As he was leaving the dining room, the

American called him back and said, "Who gave you the large tip?"

The almondeyed boy looked at him curiously, and hesitated to answer. 302 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

"Now, who was it?"in a sharp tone.

"You samee man, sir, when here last time."

Another one. An English business man, stopping at the King

Edward Hotel, Hongkong, was so very economical with his tips that his friends delighted to jolly him, especially so, as, through a blunder, he had tipped the wrong coolies at Singapore. Entering

the lavatory, his glance caught a sign reading, "Please tip the washbowl.""Blarst it,

if I do,"said the irate Briton, leaving the room in a rage.

Once more we board the big mail ship with her bow pointed to the realm of the Mikado. Our first sight of

Japan from the Western side is the Island of Goto, precipitous and craggy. As it

fades in the distance, there rises, far away, the high and jagged coastlines of Japan.

Skirting islets and fantastic pinnacles of rock, the vessel glides under a wild sky of violet and flaming orange, into the harbor of Nagasaki.

The Tax Administration Bureau, NaThe harbor is a dream of gasaki. loveliness, on this early morning in June. It is known everywhere as cne of the most

picturesque in the world. Green mountains, terraced and wooded

to their very summits, have parted far enough to let an arm of the sea cleave its way inland. Chains of islands, with precipitious

shores, guard the entrance of this haven of rest. The city of

Nagasaki seems to have emerged from the ravines and spread itself out at the end of the inlet. Temples, teahouses, and typical

Japanese homes, with high, ivyclad stone walls, formed a substantial background to the clean streets and lanes. Handsome

PEOPLES AND PLACES IN THE ORIENT. 803

villas of foreign residents cling to the hillside, or dot the groves on the heights.

Nagasaki lost some commercial importance after the opening of the port of Kobe, which took the tea trade to the opposite side of the Inland Sea, around which cluster the great tea districts

JAPANESE WOMEN COALING A SHIP AT NAGASAKI.

of Japan. Its coal mines and immense dry docks make it a harbor which no ship passes without a call. The Takashima mines

are only a few miles away. These furnish the only coal used by

many of the big steamships. These vast coal deposits are owned

by the MitsuBishi Co., the Rockefellers of Japan. This

company retained the coal properties when they sold their steamship line to the Japanese government. Considerable of the

coal has been shipped to San Francisco with profit. Although soft

and dirty, it is much inferior as fuel to the Australian and much of the American coal. The MitsuBishi Company clear over a million dollars yearly from the mine. The deepest shaft is over three

hundred feet. Barges carry the coal from the mouth of the shaft

to the waiting ships in harbor. The coal is weighed as it goes

aboard, and brings from two to four dollars a ton, according to quality. 304 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Look at the string of barges coming toward the ship! They

are drawn by puffing gasoline launches. Some are loaded with

coal, others are covered with men, women and children. The

barges are soon alongside and made fast to the big liner. The

men and women are laughing and chatting like a lot of school children on a picnic. Rope ladders, with wooden steps, are quickly

fastened on both sides of the ship. The women, many of them

with babes strapped on their backs, take their places on the steps, forming a human elevator. The men remain in the barges to fill

the halfbushel baskets with coal. The baskets are then tossed

from one woman to the other, until they reach the hold of the ship. They worked like a colony of ants. In seven hours, three

thousand tons of coal were safely loaded aboard, without an accident. When we returned, at dusk, the canvas had been removed,

MARKET OF TSUKIMADIX AT NAGASAKI.

and the decks of the vessel carefully scrubbed. The men earn

forty sen, twenty cents, and the women thirty sen, per day. -We

were told that the coaling station at Nagasaki is the only one in the world where ships are coaled without the aid of machinery.

Let us go ashore and view the reputed home of Madame

PEOPLES AND PLACES IN THE ORIENT. 305

Butterfly. We will walk along the paths lined by moss, shrubs and

flowers, so naturally painted by our American artists. A few minutes ride on the launch, and we are at the Hotobo, where are

scores of Japanese jinrikishamen waiting to receive us. The

purser informs us that the coolies of Nagasaki are the most ignorant and the boldest in the empire. Every few days the little

brown policemen beat them with the flat side of their swords, to teach them to remember for a brief period the need of being civil to strangers. We are surrounded by then. They are worse

VIEW OF HONGOCHI AT NAGASAKI.

than a bunch of San Francisco hackdrivers. Cries of rikisha,

rikisha, English, English! greet our ears. We prefer to take a

short walk first and a ride afterwards. Though they all pretend

to have a perfect knowledge of the English language, not one of them seemed to have learned the meaning of the little word "no."

There is a good pavement leading to the shopping districts.

Long, narrow, red banners, covered with Japanese characters abound everywhere. We happened to arrive on a day celebrated

as the Feast of Buddah. Nagasaki is noted for its large tortoiseshell factories and shops. Here one can buy tortoiseshell combs,

toys, miniature sampans and jinrikishas,—typical'"souvenirs.

306 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Hundreds of merchants display, in their tiny shops, shells beautifully carved, artificial dragons, hideous idols, cups and bowls, both in chim and lacquer, books, purses, pouches with knobs of carved ivory, sweets, cakes of all colors, and manytailed fishes.in globes.

There are lanterns plain, and lanterns painted, in every conceivable shape.

One passes shops heaped high with china for common use, whose blues and whites make a picture of attraction, fruitshops, where scores of kinds are stacked up in dainty piles, and mostly sold by the single piece.

All tourists enjoy shopping in Japan.

P.oto by F. J. Hewlett.

There is something fascinating about

Passengers dickering with nait that one cannot resist.tive curio sellers on S. S. Korea.

Japanese clerks, whether male or female, are polite and patient. Half of tne shops of Japan

are regular "old curiosity shops."There are bronzed figures,

curios, all kinds of pictures, oil paintings and water colors, kimonas, fantastic scenes on shield and screen, swords and daggers that look to be a thousand years old. Clocks of all kinds

abound, for the Japanese love plenty of time pieces, but very few of them keep correct time. We enter one of the largest shops

and are met by the proprietor, who politely bows, leaves the room, but soon returns with cakes and tea on a dainty little tray.

We point to a beautiful hammered brass vase. A price is asked;

Oriental fashion, about one half of the price is offered. Much

genial courtesy, bowing, smiles and compliments accompany the first half of the negotiation; but when both parties have reached

the limit of their concessions, a stern war begins on the debated grounds. Every device is employed, groans, protests, anger,

contempt, and several feigned departures, on the part of the purchaser. Finally one stretches and the other retracts his price

until a common figure is reached; in truth, it is the one that

should have been asked in the beginning. Then sweet peace once

more prevails. The vendor assumes an air of one who has spent

his last cent for the benefit of another, and is flushed with the joy

PEOPLES AND PLACES IN THE ORIENT. 307

of his own excellence. We rise, amid many bows and cheerful

soyonarras, goodbyes, and depart bearing our treasure.

Our rikishaboy takes the package, and stows it carefully away. We are now ready to saunter once more. Japan is

thronging around us most of the time. Babies in orange,

red, green and purple dress, play about the narrow streets They are strapped to their brothers'or sisters'backs.

In most cases it looks like a child carrying a child.

Women of the lower class brown and tousled, with fat, red cheeks and almond eyes,Fishing Boat, Inland Sea of Japan.

go slowly about their marketing. Coolies and workmen amble up and down dressed in their

tights, and doublets of blue, figured with white, fantastic characters. Ladies and gentlemen of the better class, dressed in their

quiet gray or black kimonas, pass slowly by, while ladies of quality are borne through the crowd in their own handsomely carved jinrikishas.

The ride to Mogi is the star attraction of Nagasaki. It lies

six miles distant. Being hilly, you need two boys, tandem fashion, to pull your rikisha.

Mogi is a typical fishing village. The road thither is celebrated for fine scenery. We pass the famous Nagasaki reservoirs

that supply the city with sparkling spring water. The terraced

hills, on either side of the macadam road, are planted with tea, rice and vegetables. All is cultivated. The whole country is

divided up into tiny farms, varying in size from patches not much bigger than a bed quilt to tracts of nearly an acre. No weeds

are permitted to grow, the whole being as clean as an 0. S. L.

flower bed. There are no fences. As one goes along the side

hills, they remind him of a big crazy quilt, made up of patches of manycolored crops, bound together with green grass, or a ridge of soil to denote the boundaries of each tiny farm. All is

carefully watered, through an almost perfect system of irrigation.

308 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Where the water does not flow by gravity, or the farmers are too poor to invest in a pumpingplant, it is carried by means of a stick across the shoulders, to each end of which is fastened a five gallon oil can. The Japanese farmers seldom live on their farms.

They dwell in little villages located at a distance of every mile or so, and live in wooden houses thatched with rice straw. The

father, mother, brothers and sisters all work in harmony together in the fields. With

them, work seems a pleasure.

You can see them chatting and laughing together, as they toil from dawn to dark.

We passed an old lady who must have been between seventy and eighty years of age. Her head had been

shaved clean as a babe's, and was now protected by a paper Passengers Viewing the Charms of the parasol. With bamboo staff

Inland Sea. m,hand,, she, was,bravely,

trudging along the road to Mogi. We arrived at Mogi just in

time for a nice fishtiffin. After a rest, we went for a walk along

a narrow path that led around the hill to the ocean. Just ahead

of us was the same aged woman. We followed until she stopped

in front of a plain temple in a small grove of trees.. She entered.

At either side of the door was a square box, with narrow slats across the top. From a pocket in the sleeve of her kimona she took

a handful of rice and gently dropped it into the box. From the

pocket in the other sleeve she took a copper coin which she deposited in the receptacle opposite. The devout soul then proceeded to a

hideously carved image at the rear end of the temple. Clapping her

hands three times, she held them up as if in supplication, and mumbled a prayer to her God. This was repeated a second time.

What she said we could not understand, but if sincerity, patience, and hard toil are to be rewarded, surely she is entitled to the blessing.

Once more we board our ship which soon gently churns her way through the beautiful inland sea of Japan This landlocked

PEOPLES AND PLACES IN THE ORIENT. 309

Japanese water is a broad lake over two hundred miles long, filled with islands and sheltered by uneven shores, the jagged mountains of intense green, nowhere become wild enough to disturb the greenlike color. The sea's verdant

islands lie in groups. The channel

is always broad and plain. All the

shallow places are marked with buoys, but it is a difficult task for the pilot to steer the liner and at the same lime keep clear of the hundreds of fishing boats. Besides the danger to

life, there is a heavy fine imposed for running down one of these boats.

The day is beautiful. The passengers are all on deck with their kodaksIsland in'Jthe Inland Sea of

Japan. taking pictures of one of the most

picturesque and delightful spots injthe world. We seemed to be gliding by enchanted islands. Lighthouses, perched on the highest points, flashed brilliant, revolving

lights, to guide the faithful pilot after dark. Along the shores are

chains of villages, protected by stone seawalls, with castles and temples rising above the clustered roofs, or peeping from wooded slopes. Huge stone lanterns marked the way to the temple groves.

Cemeteries were there with ancient Buddahs of granite and bronze

: lieto attest that they are centuries old. Junks and sampans

anchored in fleets, or creep idly across the waters, and small coasting steamers thread their way in and out among the islands. At

Shimonsiki the Inland Sea ends, and ships pass out by the narrowest of the channels—one that boils with rips and crosscurrents.

Bright and early next morning we arrive at Kobe, the second important seaport of Japan. It has been open to foreign trade

since 1868. It is the capital of the Hyogo prefecture, has 285,-

000 inhabitants, and is one of the live tradecenters of the empire

There are many pretty walks in the neighborhood, and among the hills. The Nunobiki Falls and their picturesque surroundings are

well worth seeing. On the side of one of the largest hills, an

immense, green anchor, made from shrubs, dotted with flowers, attracts the eye, as you sail into the magnificent harbor.

Nagasaki, Japan.

QUIEX SABE? "WHO KNOWS?"'

From a Painting by George M. Ottinger.

QUIEN SABE?—"WHO KNOWS?"

In the western part of Honduras, Central America, shrouded in an immense forest, and in dark and impenetrable mystery, slumbers the ruins of an ancient city, to modern antiquarians and travelers known as Copan.

Next to the crumbling temple in importance, or perhaps before it, as an indication of the artistic skill of its builders, are the carved statues or obelisks, remarkable for their size and wellexecuted sculpture. The sides and

backs are covered with hieroglyphics, arranged in square tablets which probably contain the names, titles, and perhaps history of the beings whose images in stone they serve to decorate. Standing in front of some of the

statues are found sculptural blocks of stone.

The obelisk represented in the painting stands in the court of the temple. In appearance and in character,

it is tasteful and pleasing. It represents a queen who,

ages ago, by virtue and good deeds, endeared her memory in the hearts of her subjects. As the years rolled on,

their love became worship. Christianized as the nations

of Honduras of the present day are presumed to be, they still cling and secretly pay reverence to their sacred statues.

A young girl, her water jar and bundle of fagots at her feet, has placed her floral offering on the altar, on which she reclines, gazing up at the mute stone face, and

Who Knows? She may be a lineal descendant of this

deified queen. Time and its vicissitudes have robbed her

of royalty, and left her a poor "hewer of wood and carrier of water"—who knows? who knows?

George M. Ottinger.

The Crown of Individuality.

BY WILLIAM GEORGE JORDAN.

IV.—Facing the Mistakes of Life.

There are only two classes of people who never make mistakes,—they are the dead and the unborn. Mistakes are the

inevitable accompaniment of the greatest gift given to man,—individual freedom of action. If he were only a pawn in the fingers of

Omnipotence, with no selfmoving power, man would never make a mistake, but his very immunity would degrade him to the ranks of the lower animals and the plants. An oyster never makes a

mistake,—it has not the mind that would permit it to forsake an

instinct.

Let us be glad of the dignity of our privilege to make mistakes, glad of the wisdom that enables us to recognize them, glad of the power that permits us to turn their light as a glowing illumination along the pathway of our future.

Mistakes are the growing pains of wisdom, the assessments we pay on our stock of experience, the raw material of error to be transformed into higher living. Without them there would be

no individual growth, no progress, no conquest. Mistakes are the

knots, the tangles, the broken threads, the dropped stitches in the web of our living. They are the misdeals in judgment, our unwise

investment in morals, and profit and loss account of wisdom. They

are the misleading bypaths from the straight road of truth—and

truth in our highest living is but the accuracy of the soul.

Human fallibility, weakness, pettiness, folly and sin are all

* From The Crown of Individuality. Copyright, 1909, by Fleming

H. Revell Company.

THE CROWN OF INDIVIDUALITY. 813

are to be accepted as mortgages of error, to—mistakes. They

be redeemed by higher living. They should never be taken as

justifying bankruptcy of effort. Even a great mistake is only an

episode—never a whole life.

Life is simply time given to man to learn how to live. Mistakes are always part of learning. The real dignity of life consists in cultivating a fine attitude towards our own mistakes and

those of others. It is the fine tolerance of a fine soul. Man

becomes great, not through never making mistakes, but by profiting by those he does make; by being satisfied by a single rendition

of a mistake, not encoring it into a continuous performance; by

getting from it the honey of new, regenerating inspiration with no irritating sting of morbid regret; by building better today because

of his poor yesterday; and by rising with renewed strength, finer

purpose and freshened courage every time he falls.

In great chain factories power machines are specially built to fail, to show their weakness, to revealtest chains—to make them

the mistakes of workmanship. Let us thank God when a mistake

shows us the weak link in the chain of our living. It is a new

revelation of how to live. It means the rich red blood of a new

inspiration.

If we have made an error, done a wrong, been unjust to another or to ourselves, or, like the Pharisee, passed by some opportunity for good, we should have the courage to face our mistake squarely, to call it boldly by its right name, to acknowledge it frankly, and to put in no flimsy alibis of excuse to protect an anaemic selfesteem.

If we have been selfish, unselfishness should atone; if we have

wronged, we should right; if we have hurt, we should heal; if we

have taken unjustly, we should restore; if we have been unfair,

we should become just. Regret without regeneration is—an

emotional goldbrick. Every possible reparation should be made.

If confession of regret for the wrong and for our inability to set it right be the maximum of our power, let us at least do that. A

quick atonement sometimes almost effaces the memory. If foolish pride stands in our way we are aggravating the first mistake by

anew one. Soma people's mistakes are never born singly—they

come in litters 314 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Those who waken to the realization of their wrong act, weeks, months or years later, somstimes feel it is better to let confession or reparation lapse, that it is too late to open a closed account;

but men rarely feel deeply wounded if asked to accept payment on an old promissory note—outlawed for years.

Some people like to wander in the cemetery of their past errors, to reread the old epitaphs and to spend hours in mourning over the grave of a wrong. This new mistake does not antidote

the old one. The remorse that paralyzes hope, corrodes purpose,

indigestion ofand deadens energy is not moral health, it is—an

the soul that cannot assimilate an act. It is selfish, cowardly surrender to the dominance of the past. It is lost motion in morals;

it does no good to the individual, to the injured, to others, or to the world. If the past be unworthy, live it down; if it be worthy

live up to it andsurpass it.

Omnipotence cannot change the past, so why should wz try?

Our duty is to compel that past to vitalize our future with newcourage and purpose, making it a larger, greater future than would have been possible without the past that has so grieved us. If we

can get real, fine, appetizing dividend? from our mistakes they

prove themselves not losses but—wise investments. They seem

like old mining shares, laid aside in the lavender of memory of our optimism and now, by some sudden change in the market of speculation, proved to be of real value.

Realizing mistakes is good; realizing on them is better.

When a captain finds his vessel is out of the right channel, carried, by negligence, by adverse winds or by blundering through a fog, from the true course, he wastes no time in bemoaning his mistake, but at the first sunburst takes new bearings, changes his course, steers bravely towards his harbor with renewed courage to make up the time he has lost. The mistake means—increased

care and greater speed.

Musing over the dreams of youth, the golden hopes that have not blossomed into deeds, is a dangerous mental dissipation. In

very small doses it may stimulate; in large ones it weakens effort.

It overemphasizes the past at the expense of the present; it adds

weights, not wings, to purpose. "It might have been"is the

lullaby of regret with which man often puts to sleep the mighty

THE CROWN OF INDIVIDUALITY. 315

courage and confidence that should inspire him. We do not need

narcotics in life so much as we need tonics. We may try sometimes, sadly and speculatively, to reconstruct our life from some

date in the past when we might have taken a different course.

We build on a dead "if."This is the most unwise brand of aircastle.

We go back in memory to some fork in the road in life, and think what would have happened, and how wondrously better it would have been had we taken the other turning of the road. '"If

we had learned some other business;""If we had gone West in

'1884,""If we had married the other one; "If we had bought

telephone stock when it was at 35; '"If *ve had taken a different

course in education;""If we had only spent certain money in some

other so we run uselessly our empty train of thought way,"—and

over these slippery "ifs."

Even if these courses might have been wiser, and wc do not really know, it is now as impossible to change back to them as for the human race to go back to the original bit of protoplasm from which science declares we are evolved. The past does not belong

to us to change or to modify; it is only the golden present that is

ours to make as we would wish. The present is raw material; the

for good or ill. Nopast is finished product,—finished forever

regret will ever enable us to relieve it.

The other road always looks attractive. Distant sails are

always white, faroff hills always green. It may perhaps have

been the poorer road after all, could our imagination, through some magic, see with perfect vision the finality of its possibility.

The other road might have meant wealth, but less happiness; fame

might have charmed our ears with the sweet music of praise, but the little hand of love that rests so trustingly in ours might have been denied us. Death itself might have come earlier to us, or

his touch have stilled the beatings of a heart we hold dearer than our own. What the other road might have meant no eternity of

conjecture could ever reveal; no omnipotence could enable us now

to walk therein even if we wished.

We cannot relive our old mistakes, but we can make them the means of future immunity from the folly that caused them. If we

were impatient yesterday, it should inspire us to be patient today.

316 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Yesterday's anger may be the seed of today's sweetness.

Today's kindness should be the form assumed by our regret at yesterday's cruelty. Our unfairness to one may open our eyes to

the possibility of greater fairness to hundreds. Injustice to one

that may seem to have cost us much may really have cost us little if it make us more kind, tender, and thoughtful for long years.

It is a greater mistake to err in purpose, in aim, in principle, than in our method of attaining them.. The method may readily

be modified; to change the purpose may upset the whole plan of

our life. It is easier in midocean to vary the course of the ship

than to change the cargo.

Right principles are vital and primary. They bring the maximum of profit from mistakes, reduce the loss to a minimum.

False pride perpetuates our mistakes, deters us from confessing them, debars us from repairing them.

Man's attitude towards his mistakes is various and peculiar;

some do not see them, some will not see them; some see without

changing; some see and deplore, but keep on. Some make the

same mistakes over and over again, in principle not in form; some

blame others for their own mistakes; some condemn others for

mistakes, seemingly unconscious that they themselves are commiting similar ones; some excuse their mistakes by saying that others

do the same things, as though a disease were less dangerous when

it in a community. becomes—epidemic

Failure does not necessarily imply a mistake. If we have held

our standard high, bravely fought a good fight for the right, held our part courageously against heavy opposition and have finally seen the citadel of our great hope taken by superior force, by overwhelming conditions, or sapped and undermined by jealousy, envy or treachery we have met with failure, it is true, but—we

have not made a mistake.

The world may condemn us for this nonsuccess. What does

the silly, babbling, unthinking world, that has not seen our heroic efforts know about it? What does it matter what the world thinks,

or says, if we know we have done our best? Sometimes men fail

nobly because they have the courage to forego triumph at the cost of character, honor, truth and justice.

Let us never accept mistakes as final; let us organize victory

THE CROWN OF INDIVIDUALITY. 317

out of the broken ranks of failure, and, despite all odds, fight on calmly, courageously, unflinchingly, serenely confident that, in the end, right living and right doing—must triumph.

(The next article in this series, "The Sculptural Figures of

Society,"will appear in the March number of the Era.)

Uncle Hiram on City Life.

Yes, it's lively in the city where they've got their 'lectric lights,

And the people soon have wrinkles from their stay in'out o'nights;

They've got shows and things to keep 'em from a-gittin'lonesome there,

And they look allfired stylish in the costly clo's they wear;

But I guess they have their troubles just the same as me and you,

And I reckon that they're often ruther worse'n ours, too.

We've got wood piled in the woodshed that'll last a year er so,

And there's more out where that come from and more saplin's still to grow;

We ain't worried over coal strikes, let the cold winds blow away,

We can carry in the billets and not have a cent to pay;

While they're shiverin'up yonder where they've got so much to see,

We can heat up fer the babies that the Lord sent you and me.

There is always somethin'doin'to make city people sad;

If it ain't a sausage famine, why you'll hear the water's bad;

When the strikers stop the street cars then the mischief is to pay,

And the people have to foot it, gettin'clubbed along the way;

And the fever epidemics and the smallpox every year

Keep the city people stewin', and I'm glad to live out here.

Oh, it's quiet in the country and there's few uncommon sights,

And God's moon and stars up yonder have to do for 'lectric lights;

But with 'taters in the cellar and with wood piled in the shed,

When there's hay stacked in the haymows for the stock that must be fed,

They can have their noisy city, with the sights up there to see,

And the kind old quiet country will be good enough for me.

—S. E. Kiser, in Chicago RecordHerald

SAMUEL W. RICHARDS.

Born, Richmond, Berkshire Co., Mass., August 19, 1824; died, Salt

Lake City, Utah, November 26/1909. Hejwas the son of Phineas Richards and Wealthy Dewey, and a brother of. Franklin D. Richards. Few

men have had a more varied experience in Church work, pioneering, writing, legislating, temple and missionary work, than Elder Richards.

He joined the Church in 1838. His life was as long and useful as his

service to the Church was zealous and true. A genial disposition, a high

character and an unfaltering faith distinguished his career.

Shipton Castle.

BY RICHARD W. YOUNG, JR.

Methinks I hear the sound of time long passed

Still murmuring o'er us, in the lofty void

Of these dark arches, like the lingering voices

Of those who long within their graves have slept.

Orra, A Tragedy.

The poet has expressed the sentiments of the lover of English history in the following lines:

I do love these ancient ruins,

We never tread upon them but we set

Our foot upon some reverent history.

I believe that every person, no matter how slightly conversant he may be with historical events and personages, has experienced the quickening of the pulse and the fevered gallop of the imagination when he first treads upon some spot inseparably connected with ancient history. His soul and finer sensibilities must

be calloused if such were not the case.

There are many spots in England in connection with which history has been made, but I am inclined to an honest belief that there are but few which have had as conspicuous and glorious a connection as has Shipton Castle, situated in Yorkshire. But in

order to appreciate it to the highest degree, an acquaintance with the history surrounding it is a priori necessary.

In the great Doomsday Book, a general survey and census of

England, ordered by William the Conqueror, that he might have a knowledge of the country which he had subjugated, is a detailed mention of the country around Shipton, and entitled there Terra j

320 IMPROVEMENT ERA,.

Regis, or King's Land. Subsequently the) Conqueror bestowed

this particular part of his domain upon Robert de Romillie, one of his noblemen. The land thus given to Romillie was in utter waste

and desolation, having been burned and scourged by the Danes.

Romillie, on taking possession, began the work of rejuvenation by moving in tenants, and to protect them began the erection of

Shipton castle. The castle was partially destroyed by the Scotch

in 1138, but as Hobrished, the chronicler, tells us, was rebuilt in 1179. Through intermarriage, it and the surrounding feudatory

holdings passed into the hands of the Earl of Albemarle and from his line, by marriage to the Plantagenet family, into the hands of the crown as Terra Regis. The royal family continued in possession until Edward II bestowed it upon Robert de Clifford, the head

of the noble Clifford family, and in whose possession it became one of the prominent knightly seats in England.

The Clifford family was, from all we can learn from history, a most prominent and distinguished one. Robert, the first owner,

was one of the four guardians of Edward the Second's son and heir, and was, during his later years, Admiral of England. He

enlarged the old castle of Romillie, and strengthened it as a place of power. The de Cliffords remained in possession for

some three hundred and thirtytwo years, subjected to one or two of the vicissitudes of fortune which followed as the results of their monarchs'changeable and fickle natures. Through these long

years the family plays an unfortunate part in the making of

English history. One of them followed the banner of St. George

in France, and did his monarch invaluable service at Orecy and

Poictiers. Others of the family fulfilled important embassies

abroad; one was the boon companion of Richard II, and still

another of Henry VIII.

Around the castle were fought many of the battles of the

Wars of the Roses, when England was turned into a scene of carnage and baptized in blood, that the ambitions of men might be gratified. The army of Parliament, under the command of

General Lambert, camped before its walls for three years, while the finest artillery of the kingdom hurled its tons of lead against the solid masonry. But from 1643 to 1645 it withstood the

assaults of Cromwell's Roundheads and were it not for the indomSHIPTON CASTLE. 321

itable perseverance of the Old Commoner and his army, the Lord of

Shipton might have successfully cried:

Hang out the banners on the outward walls,

The cry is still "They come;"our castle's strength

Will laugh a seige to scorn: here let them lie,

Till famine and ague eat them up.

But it finally succumbed, the last of the nobles'castles to bow in subjection to the humbler of England's nobility.

The male line of the Cliffords died out in 1643, while the castle was under siege, and the family seat came into possession of Anne, Duchess of Pembroke. Under the management of this

woman the damage done by Cromwell's army was repaired and the castle finished, as it stands today, in 1658. From 1658 to the

present, it has degenerated from one of the important feudal seats of England, to the occasional retreat of its present owner, Lord

Hotchfield.

Now to the castle itself. A guide admitted us through a

small mandoor in the fourteenfoot oaken and ironbound doors set between two bastions of massive build. Passing through a

corridor opening into rooms on either side, where in olden days the gatekeeper and men at arms lodged, and through a second gateway, we entered the outside courtyard, now kept in grass and flowers, but in days of yore used as foresting grounds and for the assembling of the sortie party.

We followed the guide through a grove of yew trees, past the outstanding buildings, where once the porter and underservants lived, up a flight of stone steps which were hollowed and worn by the tread of many generations, and into the dark, narrow entrance leading into the interior courtyard. This is the old,

original part of the castle which had been built during the time of the Conqueror. The walls were mosscovered and crumbling, and

the flagstones worn. Leading from this small entrance was a low,

wide door set in a triple Norman arch. The solid oaken door, now

in the stages of decay, has swung open to many an imposing pageant of Norman and English chivalry. It had withstood the

assaults of Scottish marauders and had been battered by the soldiers of Parliament. Through it the knights had passed in the

322 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

splendor of new and shining armor to engage in the wars, and through them they had victoriously returned, their armor battered and stained, or probably they, themselves, stretched upon the shield which had not parried in time the fatal blow.

We passed through the old arch and entered the interior courtyard, said to be one of the most perfect of its type extant.

It was a masterpiece of architectural design, built in the Norman style, with the dainty and exquisite windows of the later Elizabethan architecture admitting light into the interior living apartments.

In the center rose a hoary old yew tree, whose age went back five hundred years, and whose branches, forming a shelter to the otherwise open courtyard, made it into a perfect bower. Its massive

trunk was mosscovered and gnarled, and it reared its majestic head in regal splendor above the walls of its prison—the silent

sentinel of what now remains of bygone power and magnificence.

Seven doors on the ground floor opened into the various apartments, while an eighth, approached by an artistic flight of steps, led us into the banqueting apartment on the second floor.

The hall would seat probably seventyfive or a hundred banqueters. Its pristine significance had been obliterated to a great

extent by the ruthless touch of the modern architect, who had transformed it into a room where the present tenants of Lord

Hotchfield partake of his Yuletide bounty. To admit more light, a

skylight had been cut in the roof, and the walls had been plastered recently, but notwithstanding the modern improvement, the ghosts of the old revelers still haunted the place, and the walls seemed to give back the bacchanalian shouts and rancorous laughter of the earls and their men, as they carved the roasted ox, quaffed the Rhenish wines and retold the adventures of the late war.

The kitchen lay immediately behind, and was a spacious room.

From here issued the dishes that delighted the epicurean tastes of the lordly owners. An open fireplace, nine feet in length, flanked

one end, and was used to roast the ox, served whole on state occasions. Opposite were the bake ovens, capacious openings in

the wall. The process of baking was unique in those days. The

stones of the oven were heated by burning fagots, the fagots then removed, and the dough placed in the oven was baked by the heat exhaled by the heated stones. The bread thus baked was

SHIPTON CASTLE. 323

nicety, and the crust as tender as thedelicious—browned to a

inside of the loaf.

Leading into the kitchens were the larders, large and roomy, as they needs must have been in those days to hold supplies for the hundreds of retainers necessary to maintain the dignity of one of the first families of the realm.

We retraced our steps through the banquet hall into the drawing room, whose walls were wont to be covered with rare tapestries from Brussels and Spain, and the oaken floors with the soft carpets of the East. It was a low, dark room, with its only daylight coming through the small windows opening to the north and

allowing vision of the heavy woods surrounding the river which flowed at the foot of the embattlements some hundred feet below.

We entered the guard room, a semicircular apartment in the top of the round tower. Modern architecture had robbed this

room of some of its original interest in transforming many of the opening, crossshaped slits into windows to admit light.

But there still remained one or two of the original openings, a yard in length and a few inches in width, through which the archer's shot their death bolts.

A winding stairway led us to the ramparts, and a glorious view burst upon us as we emerged. To the south, and at the foot

of the castle, lay the town of Shipton, huddling like a frightened hound at its master's feet. Beyond ran the silvery Aire, winding

in and out, here reflecting the sunlight in dazzling splendor, and there losing itself in the heavy woods, from which in past times predatory bands of robbers, the Robin Hoods of the north, issued to terrorize the villagers and at times try a daring assault upon the castle itself.

The first builder of the castle had selected its position with an engineering foresight which was admirable. Its base was solid

rock. On the northern side was a drop of eighty feet to a river which*

was utilized as a natural moat. No access by human means was

possible from this side. To the east, south, and west, the ground

sloped, in some places percipitately, in others gradually. There

were no woods within a radius of several hundred yards to obstruct the view, and an opposing army could well nigh be annihilated before it reached the walls of the castle. It seemed to be im324 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

pregnable, and was considered one of the strongholds of England.

From the sunlight and freedom of the open air we descended winding turret stairs, passed through dark and foul smelling corridors, emerged once again into the courtyard, only to enter again a doorway leading into a passage where no light was admitted but through the door itself. We passed through a second doorway, the walls of which were six feet in thickness, then descended

a narrow, cramped stairway, whose low roof of jagged stone forced us to bend. We reached a small landing, turned and entered a

room, or better a hole, in the pitchy blackness of which the small, flickering lamp of the guide was of but little use. This was the

dungeon. It measured nine by eighteen feet and the floor was

the cold country rock. The atmosphere smelled earthy and damp.

It was below the river, and the moisture seeped through the rock and stood in glistening beads on the walls. The light was extinguished to give us an idea of the terrors of the place, and in spite

of the presence of others, one shivered in appreciation of its awfulness. The darkness felt heavy, as if it were closing around

in suffocating folds. The overwrought imagination heard the dull

clanking of chains, the moans and prayers of some unfortunate wretch, or the imbecile ravings of a madman, driven mad by the terrors of the blackness preying upon him.

The story goes that the intrigante, the fascinating and beautiful Mary, Queen of Scots,was imprisoned in this foul hole for three days and nights, but history fails to authenticate the tale.

Again, it is said that the dungeon was no dungeon, but merely a wine cellar. But historical evidence and the opinions of authorities point the other way. We are prone to cling to the romantic,

and while the question may admit of a doubt, we still instinctively refuse to uproot the romantic sympathies which demand that every old castle shall have its "dungeon keeps and loophole grates where captives weep."

Such, in brief, is the old castle of Shipton, as it stands today relic of past ages, and a center round which brewed some of—a

the events which have made the English speaking race today the most enlightened and cultured and the finest governed people on the face of the'earth.

Nelson, England.

The "Golden Bible."

BY S. A. KENNER.

II.

The rest of the quotations following that considered, and which are thrown in as a kind of explanation of his first assertion, in order to be fair, are of a piece with it. Unquestionably the

gentleman is a better judge of human work than of divine work.

There is no denial of the fact that the Book of Mormon was brought forth by human agencies, and thereby the human stamp must in corresponding measure be upon it. He is also on safe

ground regarding rainbow tints and the Lord's discourses, the relevancy of which matter might but will not be questioned He will merely be asked to consider whether or not all the painting accomplished by Divinity is rainbow tinted, or all the verbal emanations from that source were soothing to the ears of those who heard them. How about the thunder clouds which precede the

rainbow, darken the landscape and diffuse gloom among the people? What of lightning, which is so glowingly, flashily colored

that mortality cannot imitate it, and which strikes without warning, leaving death and destruction in its field of operations? Do

not these come from the same hand as that which imparted the beautiful and hopeinspiring hues to the rainbow, and even painted the modest lilies of the field? Nothing in the way of language

could be more full of native grandeur and wise admonition than the sayings of the Master to those he sought and died to save;

but his words sometimes were terrible to evildoers, and none of these were considered more evil than those who used his name without reverence or took it upon themselves to say where he was 326 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

or where he was not without having knowledge and authority thereto, an offense which Mr. Lamb, as shown above, has come

painfully close to sharing in.

The "Golden"writer, however, does not even remotely approach the "top blossom and culmination"of irreverent and inconsiderate reference to Deity in any of the language previously referred to when the same is compared with what follows. Before

reading it the reader will please remember that the author of it is professedly a man wTho lives in both fear and adoration of his

Maker and who therefore presumably would not and could not speak to or of him in language other than that of devotion and reverence

Does the Lord himself come out of this affair entirely unscathed?

Either he made a mistake in the first instance and had to back out and do his work over again—or he perpetrated a fraud in the second case; a

trick, a silly trick, that has not even the merit of being a sharp one, so "thin,"in fact, that no special acuteness is needed to see through it.

This will be passed without comment. It is so shocking even

to one who makes few professions of righteousness-, that a feeling akin to guiltiness exists for having used it at all.

To what desperate resorts does the one who opposes just for opposition's sake sometimes betake himself! What frail fancies

he weaves into showy fabrics having no substance or form, and what a flimsy, pointless affair is his polemical lance shown to be when once it is thrust against the shield of reason or the armor of truth! How lacking in system, devoid of consistency, and empty

of substance is the whole of any extended "argument"like that of Mr. Lamb, which, even had he maintained his position and established every point for which he contends, would still have resulted in absolutely nothing that is beneficial or helpful to the

human mind or soul. The labor of the iconoclast is generally futile

enough and bad enough when it is conducted with skill and precision; but when it is merely an inartistically arranged collation of

vapid denunciation, threadbare accusation, and jumbled buffoonery -neither satisfying, entertaining, nor instructive—it is intolerable, inexcusable, and altogether vile. If one had but the time

and space, together with the inclination, a review seriatim of

THE "GOLDEN BIBLE:'327

such books as the "Golden Bible"would be a fine diversion for rainy days.

I could scarcely let this opportunity pass without a few words regarding Mr. Lamb's professions of friendly feeling for those

whose religious convictions he so ruthlessly assails, disclaiming rancor, prejudice, and everything in that line. Reading these

statements and what follows reminds me somewhat of an incident of the same kind occurring in the career of a certain Federal judge of Utah in the early days. A man was before him for sentence,

and before pronouncing the formal decree of the court the judge took occasion to tell the prisoner that he was sorry for him—very

sorry, indeed, his words of compassion being so pronounced that the convictecl man no doubt began to entertain hopes that he would get off easy. But he didn't. He got very nearly if not

quite the full measure of punishment permitted by the statute in such case made and provided. This gave rise to a question, that if

the man got such a hard deal when the magistrate was sorry for him, what on earth would or could he have got if the judge had been hostile and unfeeling? Now, Mr. Lamb is evidently not a

judge—not even of logic, literature or correct controversialism;

but on the bench, imposing a penalty upon some one he didn't like because of differing opinions, he could certainly fill the bill in the manner and form last indicated to a nicety.

In the matter of physical demonstration and actual results, and without assuming to speak authoritatively, but rather as an observer who believes in a "square deal"to all, it is proper to say that the "Mormon"Church has accomplished such things in the way of subduing natural conditions and supplanting barrenness with fertility, dreariness with loveliness and savagery with civilization as no other church has ever attempted or perhaps ever thought of; and all of these achievements have been worked out

by a people who must themselves have failed but for confidence in their leaders and faith in the work which they were led to perform. Those people and the leaders themselves were not engaged

in speculative enterprises, or buoyed up by the hope of "great worldly gain, otherwise their time, effort and talent might and doubtless would have been spent upon more inviting fields where the rewards would have been greater and not so far off. Un328 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

doubtedly they were animated and upheld by something above and beyond the contemplation of work done for its own sake alone, and we do not have to go far to find out what that something was, it being a reliance upon and the advocacy of a development of

Christianity—a plan of yet largely disclosed by salvation—partly

the very book which Rev. Lamb endeavors so strenuously to belittle and make of no avail. Judging a tree by its fruit ought to

be considered a righteous judgment; therefore, as so much that is

good and desirable and advantageous are shown as the fruits of the Book of Mormon, we are forced to the conclusion that the judge himself is unrighteous; a conclusion that occurs spontaneously without the slightest strain on the mental faculties.

There are other circumstances worthy of citation in the same line. The "Mormon"missionary, for instance, is rarely a graduate

of a high institute of learning; while by no means uneducated or

uninformed, he seldom carries a degree, and never one relating to the ecclesiastical department of a college or university. Religion

with him is not a matter of secular training; it does not occur in

his curriculum, and yet is a matter which enters into and forms a part of his daily life. Without making a business of it, or following it as a profession to acquire means, still religious thought,

precept and practice are inseparable from his secular pursuits.

His education in that behalf, while largely aided by books and instruction, is not wholly dependent upon either or both, but is derived largely from the faith that is in him and the soulful devoutness with which he walks in the path marked out by the Master.

He receives no pay for such labors as he performs in the ministry, at home or abroad, in public or in private. He goes forth on an

appointed errand to the peopbs of the earth filled with his calling and realizing in every tissue of his mortal fibre the importance, the responsibility of his mission as an ambassador of the Most

High. He stands up in public places, beset sometimes by riotous

disturbers, scoffers and blackguards, is subjected to interruptioninsult and occasionally violence, yet he maintains the dignity of his station and delivers his momentous message to the willing and the unwilling hearer. No amount of money that could be raised

for such purpose would for a moment tempt him to endure some of the ordeals or undergo the hardships frequently attendant upon

THE "GOLDEN BIBLE."329

the performance of his labors, while the honors are not of the kind that the people of the earth as a whole esteem or care to have. He tells them without hesitancy or fear that the testimony

he bears is true and cannot be shaken by the machinations or perversions of man. Why? In order that those who hear h'm may be

misled? That they may take upon themselves the vestments of a

gospel which has no foundation but error and no outcome but deception? Would he dare to tell them how to test the Book of

Mormon if he knew or even believed the test must fail?

The length of this article so far makes it necessary to come to an abrupt close. There are some other citations from the

"Golden Bible"which might be used to advantage in this connection, but only two more will be referred to and briefly. Mr. Lamb

says in the early part of his work that "the most serious objection to the Book of Mormon is that it undermines faith in the

Word of God."As an admission of the tremendous and farreach-

ing potency of a volume which the reverend gentleman labors through several hundred pages to show is an empty imposture a palpable fraud, an unskillful humbug, the foregoing assertion is one of the most singular in all his array of very singular expressions. It

might be pronounced a solecism, only that something as near to fervor as cold type can convey seems to characterize the sentence, and make it to appear that he has given b'rth to one honest expression even though it be at the expense of all his other expressions. Of course the statement is a non sequitur, wholly fallacious, but that he meant it with all that it implies, is beyond a

doubt—an involuntary and misleading but powerful tribute.

This chapter will conclude with what forms part of the other writer's beginning, and in this meeting of extremes we also are brought together and caused to agree for the first, last and only time. He says in his preface (speaking of his work), "there is no

other book just like it."That is not to be denied. And to this

selfevident and cheerfully conceded distinction, let us add the hope that it may endure so long as we endure at least.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

The Carlyles and their House at Chelsea.

BY FLORENCE L. LANCASTER.

I.

A plain, substantial dwelling in the Qieen Ann style, with little to"distinguish it from its neighbors, save that it lacks some touches of modern improvement proclaiming the latter still inhabited. But our eye falls on

the mural portrait which marks the olderlooking house, and we must needs pause in reverence, realizing as we tread the wellworn steps, in what manner the place is haunted. Here, in this

unpretentious house, were written "glowingly, from the heart of a living man,''Carlyles own words as he handed his wife the completed manuscript of The

French Revolution, books that will be hailed by thinkers while the English tongue endures. Here passed, with

its travail, its pang of endurance, its potent integrity and achievement, the daily life Carlyle's House. Chelsea, S. W. of two of the most remark

THE CARLYLES AND THlIR HOUSE AT CHELSEA. 331

able people in the annals of English literature. Everyone, perhaps, for whom the name Carlyle stands for anything, either has

read, or intends to read, Hero arid Hero Worship and Sartor Resartus. If our chief association with Jane Welsh Carlyle is in the

relation in which she stood to the great man, her husband, how much of her distinctive personality is revealed—in a psychic

sense, more or less tragic—in her Memoirs, or suggested in the

single published poem by her, To a Swallow Building Under Our

Eaves. Carlyle being inwardly one of the most sincere and outwardly one of the simplest of men, we cannot read a single page of

Hero Worship without a vibrant realization of that truthseeing mind and flaming heart. We cannot walk through these rooms,

dismantled as they are now, but with several relics telling eloquently

S. W. CARLYLE'S HOUSE—THE GARRET STUDY, CHELSEA,

of their past uses, without gaining a more intimate sense of the personalities of the two who dwelt here for half their livs. It

was in 1834, he being thirtynine and she thirtythree, that Carlyle and his wife came to this house, eight years after their marriage.

The house was therefore the home of Mrs. Carlyle for thirtytwo

years; of Carlyle, who remained through the sad eventide of

bereft old age, for fifteen years longer.

332 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

It will perhaps be well to take a glance backward at the chief events of Carlyle's life prior to coming here. Also to consider

some relative conditions in the tenor of a married life which, sense thatthough not altogether happy, was not—in Carlyle's own

there is "something higher than happiness,"—essentially a failure

in the sum of things.

Thomas Carlyle was born in a hamlet of rural Scotland, his ancestors being of the yeoman class. A picture of his early home

suggests conditions where everything breathed a simple dignity and solid comfort, the result of daily toil; but without the superfluous touch of luxury. There are evidences that his parents, simple, too, and unpolished in exterior, were people of "character,"

imbued with the intense, stern religion of Calvin, and desiring to do the best they could for their children. To Carlyle, therefore

fell the heritage of sterling psychic qualities. Perhaps, too, he

early felt a sense of responsibility in being the eldest of a family of nine. As was the case with a lad of another calibre, Shelly,

when at Eton, the young Carlyle was persecuted by his schoolfellows. Was it because in each of these boys was an intensity

of temperament, a depth of thought, which his rough associates vaguely recognized but could not understand? This bully provoked in Thomas such a passionate outburst of resentment, that

his mother made him promise "never to return a blow.'At

school, however, his aptitude for learning was such that his parents resolved to send him to Edinburgh University, and to have him trained for the ministry. So, his trials and achievements of

childhood behind him, he set off for Edinburgh on foot, a distance of a hundred miles.

At the university he found himself among congenial companions, and he became the leading spirit of a circle who took "remarkable interest in literary matters."Launched upon the tide

of young manhood, Carlyle found stormy waters and little plain sailing at first. Though at a probationary period on leaving college he preached what was pronounced as "a weak, flowery and

sentimental sermon."Carlyle discovered in himself that his vocation was not for the ministry. Albeit, one has only to read Carlyle

at almost any page to realize his essential religiousness of soul.

"As soon as printing was discovered, books became the true

THE CARLYLES AND THEIR HOUSE AT CHELSEA. 333

medium of the preacher,"he says in his own way, in Hero Worship. On leaving college, therefore, he devoted his first energies to teaching, being fortunate enough to obtain a mathematical

tutorship at a place called Annan. It was in the capacity of tutor

that Carlyle first met Edward Irving—also a tutor and afterwards a

minister—who was at many

points the connecting link of Carlyle's destiny.

This Edward Irving appears to have been a man of rare loyalty. Carlyle says he

was indebted to him at this period for "the bond of human fellowship."Though

Carlyle was in two senses his rival—in the mathematical

appointment and in another sense that was to appear later—their fellowship remained unbroken, and the

good offices of Irving continued. Carlyle had access

to his library, and read the books that we may be sure were now shaping his thoughts. Subsequently

Statue of Thomas Carlyle by Bochus Irving recommended Carlyle to the editor of the London Magazine which lead to the acceptance of some of his first manuscripts. And during the period of struggle and uncertainty of

action in the few years that followed, Irving was Carlyle's good angel at a financial crisis by introducing him to some young men of wealthy parentage, who engaged his services to coach them for the university. Meanwhile Carlyle was profoundly under the

influence of German thought. He found leisure, in the intervals

of teaching these young men, to pursue literary work, one of his first achievements being a translation of Goethe's Wilhelm Meister

This in due course led to an acknowledgment from Goethe, and 334 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the beginning of that intercourse which was perhaps to Carlyle wellnigh life's crowning recompense. Goethe was to Carlyle the

supreme ideal of the "Hero as Man of Letters;''and their intimacy continued till the great German's death.

A word here must be said about the largehearted generosity to recklessness—of Carlyle when essentials—almost amounting

were concerned, while it has been hinted that he was disastrously neglectful sometimes over "trifles"in his personal relationships.

At the time when he was earning a livelihood as private tutor, and paid moderate sums for his arduous literary labors, he defrayed the expenses of an invalid brother during a medical career, and lent to another brother a substantial sum to stock a farm, though his own future was by no means assured.

But we now come to the effect of Irving's friendship in another capacity. It was at Irving's rooms that Carlyle was introduced to Jane Baillie Welsh, known among her circle as "the

Flower of Haddington,"her father being a doctor at that town.

She was a delicatelynurtured only child, beautiful, as her portraits tell; and there are proofs that while she was an essentially

feminine woman, full of grace, she was mentally endowed far above the samplerworking, watercolor dabbling ladies of the

Britain of those days who were termed "accomplished."The

relations between Miss Welsh and Irving were somewhat complicated. Irving had been her tutor, and she had cherished for him

a girlish affection, which perhaps was a form of hero worship. He

appears to have gone away and forgotten her, becoming engaged meanwhile to another lady, but returning after an interval to regard his old pupil in a new light. Some passage of courtship

passed between them; but the "flower of Haddington"was no

doubt told of "the other lady."Though Irving was perhaps the

man of her heart, the conditional proposal did not culminate, and

Irving fulfiled his former troth by marriage. Oblivious of this,

Carlyle appeared on the scene as Miss Welsh's suitor, he himself having proposed to and been rejected by a lady who, it has been conjectured, was the original of the "Blumine"of Sartor Resartus, (Carlyle himself being the prototype of the somewhat Hamlet reminiscent Teufelsdrockh.)

Miss Welsh—no doubt with experiences of more dapper and

THE CARLYLES AND THEIR HOUSE AT CHELSEA. 335

first respond to the wooing ofcommonplace suitors—did not at

the strenuoustongued German scholar, whose mind was now fomenting to produce the said Teufelsdrockh. But further acquaintance seeming to impress her with the great intellectual qualities

and the makings of the man—whom she knew to be poor—and

Carlyle pressing his suit, they were ultimately married.

London, England.

[to be concluded.]

Hope On.

(Selected by Carl P. Lind.)

Though black and angry clouds may rise,'

To hide the blue of summer skies

From strained and weary waiting eyes,

The sun will shine when clouds are gone.

And, when God's hand dispels the gloom,

The birds will sing, the flowers will bloom,

Cheer up, faint heart, "hope on.''

Though steep the way and dark the night,

With ne'er a friendly ray of light,

And dim and feeble be the sight,

Yet happiness waits in the dawn.

There, just beyond the darkness, lies

That sweet, sunlighted Paradise.

Be brave, poor heart, 'hope on."

For every heartache, every tear,

For every patient, struggling year,

For every sacrifice made here,

When heaven's mystic veil is drawn,

A rich reward, ten thousand fold,

Will come with happiness untold.

"Hope on, dear heart, hope on."

Hebrew Idioms and Analogies in the Book of Mormon.

BY THOMAS W. BROOKBANK.

III.

The different terminations of the Nephite proper names, excluding those applied to God, Christ and the Holy Spirit—many

of which are translatable terms—number over sixty; but more than

forty of them belong to names that are found in identical form in both the Bible and the Book of Mormon, and hence this large number is accounted for at once as certainly Jewish. Of the

remainder we find all but two of them among Biblical names as follows:

TERMINATION OF TERMINATION OF BIBLE NAMES BIBLE NAMINEPHITE NAMES NEPHITE NAMES

osh Rosh ib Chezib or Bethpeor ag Abishag hu Elihu ez Bozez f Rheum iz Ziz um 1 Shallum f Zif no Adino et Eliphalet oth Aloth ne Mene ath Gath la Bethhogla le Baale

The termination of Nephite proper names not found in any

Biblical ones that the writer has examined, are r without a preceding vowel, as in Coriantumr, and ts in Hermounts. More than one

example of the use of names with these terminations by the sacred writers of the Bible might be supplied, but it is not considered necesHEBREW ANALOGIES IN THE BOOK OF MORMON. 337

sary as most of them would be readily recognized by students of the

Jewish scriptures. Two names ending in um have been given, for,

at first thought, some assume that this termination is Latin only.

Most of the suffixes that the Nephites welded to the base were so common and familiarly Jewish that no special attention need be directed to more than a few of them—one of which is

hah, evidently instead of ah. This form, however, is authorized

by the terminal ending in Janohah, apparently from the same

Bible names. The combination hah isbase as Janoah—both

found in the Nephite names Nephihah, Moronihah, Ammonihah, and Camenihah. Sometimes ah, when added to a base, was

preceded by a vowel sound as Ahaz-i-ah from Ahaz. Among the

Nephite names we find analogically formed those of Amalick-i-ah,

Sar-i-ah and Mos-i-ah. Again, oiii was a musical termination to

which the Jews seemed somewhat partial. We find it in Benoni,

from Ben, and in Rabboni, from Rabh. The Nephites used this

ending in Gidgiddoni, Mathoni, and in Mathoni-hah they welded the two suffixes to the same base.

It is not necessary to prolong these observations in order to call further attention to the fact that in the matter of forming new names by addition of suffixes, the Nephites were orthodox

Jews. Those who wish to pursue this inquiry at greater length

can readily find examples in the comparative exhibit that is given on preceding pages, or in the general list of names that is to follow. Coming now to an examination of the prefixes that were

used by the Nephites in the formation of their proper names, we find that they are about all included in the following enumeration:

Te, Pa, Z, Ze, H, See, A, Am, 0, and Ab. The first, or Te, with

Omner, gives Teomner; Pa and Cumeni occur together in the

name Pacumeni; Z and Enock form Zenock; Ze and Nephi welds

into Zenephi; H and Elaman makes Helaman; See and Zoram combines into Seezoram; A and Kish gives Akish; Am and Moron

appears in Ammoron; and Gath in Ogath and kh and Lorn weids

into Ablom—all of them being genuine Nephite names, as an

examination of the general list will disclose. Considering the

limited number of proper names in the Book of Mormon—about

it will be observed thatthree hundred different ones altogether—

338 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the Nephites were very liberal in the use of prefixes in forming them. We have seen how these prefixes were joined with certain

roots or bases in order to form new names; but a question of

greater interest and importance now claims our attention as to whether these particular prefixes are sanctioned by ancient Jewish usage as disclosed from lists of Bible names. That they are strictly

Hebraic and properly used is evident from the illustrations that soon follow. The first column gives the prefixes that were applied

by the Nephites in compounding some of their own names. In the

second column there is entered base names taken from the Bible.

In the third column will be found other Bible names, and of course

Jewish; but which might just as well be formed by welding the

Nephite prefix to the Hebrew base of the second column. Stronger

proof than this that the Jews and the Nephites were of the same race, and understood alike the principles of the same language, can scarcely be expected or needed:

NEPHITE BIBLE BIBLE NAME NEPHITE BIBLE BIBLE NAME

PREFIX BASE COMPOUNDED PREFIX BASE COMPOUNDED [Beth Tebeth fElah Selah* Se I Koa Tekoa(h) J Machi Semachi Te or j Mani Temani ] Ephar tSeph(a)er*

I Resh Teresh See 1 Eron fSera(o)n* \ Beth Obeth Gar Agar / Zorah Ozorah A Hiram Ahiram fDan Padan Ner Aner j Shur Pashur I Rumah Arumah Pa | Rosh Parosh | Asa Amasa I Arah Parah * j Azia Amazia(h) Am Bui Zebul I Ittai Amittai Ze

Resh Zeresh [ Ram Amram f Enan Zenan ( Iram Abiram j Ethan Zethan | Iron Abiron Z Ab j Immah Zimmah 1 Ner Abner

Uriel Zuriel I Raham Abraham

In order that it may be demonstrated still further by visual evidence that the Nephite proper names are genuinely Hebraic, it will be necessary in the first place to give the names and powers

* One vowel dropped, f Substitution of one vowel sound for another, not unusual in Jewish proper names.

HEBREW ANALOGIES IN THE BOOK OF MORMON. 339

of the letters of the Hebrew alphabet, and afterward a complete list of all proper names that occur in the Book of Mormon together with some untranslated terms that are also to be subjected to our inspection, and for convenience they shall be divided into several different groups. Taking these matters up in the order

thus indicated we find that the names and powers of the Hebrew letters are:

NO. NAME POWER NO. NAME POWER

1 Aleph 12 Lamedh L 2 Beth Bh, B 13 Mem M 3 Gimel Gh, G 14 Nun N 4 Daleth Dh, D 15 Samekh S 5 He H 16 Ayin 6 Vav V 17 Pe Ph, P 7 Zayin Z 18 Tsadhe Ts 8 Hheth Hh 19 Koph K 9 Teth T 20 Resh R 10 Yodh Y 21 Shin Sh, S 11 Kaph Kh, K 22 Tav Th, T

No English equivalents have been written for the first or the sixteenth of these letters—the powers for all of which have been

given as Greene's Hebrew Grammar illustrates them. It is difficult to represent equivalents for the two just numbered without

some accompanying explanation. Aleph is regarded as the weakest of the letters and its value is likened to the English silent h in

hour. The power of Ayin is uncertain; but some modern Jews

give it the sound of ng, or of French gn in champagne. Though

the power of Yodh is given above as English y others of equal authority with, Greene give it the sound of j or i. This letter,

Yodh, is the first one in the original name Jehovah, which is variously pronounced as just written, or as Yehovah. Now, looking

the Hebrew alphabet over very carefully, we find that it has no equivalent for the English q, x or w, and, as a consequence, any word or name that has one or more of these letters in it, is not a genuinely Jewish word or name. Even the familiar names Jew

and Hebrew, as here spelled, must be excluded. They are not in

the proper form for Hebraic names. Their orthography condemns

them as foreign to the language of Israel. To be orthographically

340 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

correct, if Jewish, they should be spelled Ju and Hebru; but more

respecting them hereafter. Now, in order to ascertain whether

the Book of Mormon conforms its orthography to these limitations of the Hebrew alphabet, we must not examine foreign words or names, nor any terms that are English signs for Jewish words, which were not spelled as the translation is; but we can take the

proper names in that book, and which are known to be of Nephite origin, for they are not translated, but have been, as it were, transferred bodily from the Nephites down to us, and determine this question by the showing thus made. Proceeding, then, on

this basis, to examine all the proper names (and untranslated terms) that occur in the Book of Mormon, there is not found a single one of them that has a q, x or w in it. That is to say, so

far as the names in question can be traced to a purely Nephite origin, they do conform in their orthography to the limitations of the Hebrew alphabet, and this remarkable consistency is especially forced upon our attention by the spelling of the Nephite name "Amnihu"as here given, instead of "Amnihew"or "Amnihugh,"according to some of the English methods of representing the long sound of u.

GENERAL LISTS. (Class No. 1.)

A aron Ammah Antiomno Comnor Abel Ammaron Antionum Corianton

Abinadi Ammon Antionah Coriantor

Abinadom Ammonihah Antiparah Coriantum

Abish Amnigaddah Antipas Coriantumr

Ablom Ammoron Antipus Corihor Abraham Amnor Antum Corom Adam Amnihu Archeantus Coram Aha Amoron Babylon Cumeni Ahah Amos Bashan Cumorah Agosh Amulek Benjamin David Akish Amulon Bethabary Eden Alma Angola Boaz Egypt Amaleki AniAnti Cain Egyptians

Amalickiah Anteonum Camenihah Elijah

Amaron Anteum Cezoram Emer Amgid AntiChrist Chemish Emnon

Aminadab AntiLehi- Christians Emron

Aminadi Nephi Cohor Enos Amlici Antiomni Com Ephraim HEBREW ANALOGIES IN THE BOOK OF MORMON. 341

Ezroni Jesus Mocum Satan Ethem John Moriancumer Seantum

Ether Jonas Morianton Sebus Eve Joneam Moriantum Sezoram Ezias Josh Mormon Seth Gad Joshua Moron Shared Gaddiandi Jordan Moroni Shazer

Gadianton Jordon Moronihah Shem

Gadiomnah Joseph Moses Shemlon

Gazelem Judah Mosiah Shemnon Gid Judea Mulek Sherem Giddianhi Kib Mnloki Sherrizah

Giddonah Kim Nahom Sheum Gideon Kimnor Nazareth Shez Gidgiddoni Kish Nehor Shiz Gilead Kishkumen Nephi Shule Gilgal Korihor Nephihah Shur Gilgah Kumen Neum Shiblom Gimgimno Kumenonhi Nimrah Shiblon

Hagoth Laban Nimrod Shilem Hearthom Lachoneus Noah Shilom

Helam Laman Ogath Shim Helaman Lamanitish Omer Shimnilon

Helem Lamah Omner Sidom Helorum Lamoni Omni Sidon Hem Lebanon Onhah Sinai Hermounts Lehi Onidah Siron Heshlon Lehonti Ontah Solomon Heth Lemuel Oreb Teancum Himni Levi Orihah Teomner Isaac Lib Paanchi Timothy Isabel Limhah Pachus Tubaloth Isaiah Limher Pacumeni Zarahemla

Ishmael Limhi Pagag Zedekiah Israel Luram Pahoran Zeezrom Jacob Mahah Pharaoh Zemnarihah

Jacobugath Malachi Philistines Zemnariah

Jacom Manti Ramah Zenephi Jared Manasseh Riplah Zeniff Jarom Mathoni Riplakish Zenock

Jasher Mathonihah Ripliancum Zenos

Jashon Melchizedek Sabbath Zerahemnah

Jehocab Melek Salem Zeram Jehovah Middoni Sam Zerin Jerusalem Midian Samuel Zion Jeremiah Minon Sariah Zoramites

Jershon The next list is composed of Nephite terms that in general have not been translated: and all of them have been handed down

to us without alteration phonetically:

342 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

(Class No. 2.)

Amnor Irreantum Rabbanah Shum Antion Leah Rameumpton Shiblon

Cumoms Liahona Senine Shiblum Cureloms Limnah Seum Shublon Deseret Neas Seon Ziff Ezrom Onti Sheum The names now given include all those of Nephite origin that we should expect to conform orthographically to the power of the

Hebrew alphabet.

(to be continued.)

Flagstaff, Ariz.

EOS) Wishes for "Utah."

(For the Improvement Era.)

I would the Utah had been fashioned for

A barge of peace and friendship, not for war!

When Alice stood, the star of that grand scene,

Royal and beauteous as a free born queen,

To name the ship for her own native state

A thing so splendid, wonderful and great—

I would have had the glass she broke contain

Pure, sparkling water, not the bright champagne.

"Peace! Peace!"we hear the nations cry, and still

There is no peace. The scriptures they fulfil.

But if we still must hear of strife and war,

The Utah do the work she's fashioned for;

May she e'er sail courageous for the right,

True honor gain, and vict'ry in each fight,

Till tranquil seas she may bear swiftly o'er,

Brave messengers of peace, from shore to shore.

L. L. Greene Richards.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

Q/ Some Men Who Have Done Things.

BY JOHN HENRY EVANS OF THE LATTERDAY SAINTS'UNIVERSITY.

IV.—Edwin Evans.

HOW A FARM BOY BECAME PROFESSOR OF ART IN ONE OF THE

LARGEST UNIVERSITIES OF THE WEST.

One cannot know the facts in Edwin Evans's life without wondering about the value of a good many things that come into one's early life and that come there in apparently the most accidental manner. For here is a man who

did now this and now that till he was thirty without ever having a distinct notion that art was to be a profession with him for the rest of his days. And yet

what he did during those years, though as different as can be imagined from what one would think it ought to be, seems exactly the thing that was necessary to bring out the man's gift. Young men

who appear slow in maturing may therefore take hope from this fact—if they

have any thing to mature. EDWIN EVANS.

Edwin's early environment was far from artistic, far from encouraging a passion for art. There

are lovelier spots on the earth than the ribbed country that in those days tried to lift itself up to a level with the ridge of hills to the, east and the west. Which shows that everything

depends, not on what you see, but on what you see with.

Besides, he worked on the farm and herded cows. And one fails

344 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

to see how this contributes directly to the artistic. For four

months every winter till he was fourteen he attended school.

After that he learned telegraphy. The Lehi office of the old Deseret Telegraph line was in the Evans home, and one of the older girls

in the family operated the machine. So young Edwin got his knowledge of this business between whiles. Also he served as clerk in the

cooperative store in the town. Presently, however, we find him at

various telegraph offices along the line between Salt Lake and Provo.

It is by reason of this service that he obtains his membership in the Old Telegrapher's Asssociation, a national organization.

One time during these days there suddenly came a fresh gleam into his life. It was midnight in the old depot. The

waiting room was full of passengers eager for the arrival of the into the delayed express. One of these—A. E. Hyde—strayed

operator's room with a weary expression on his face. The telegrapher was intent upon the strange task of perfecting a drawing

which he had evidently been working on fcr a long time. Mr.

Hyde quietly surveyed the picture over the shoulder of the silent worker, watching interestedly the deft hand of the artist as he added a final touch here and there, now and then holding it away from him to see the effect. This noiseless working and watching

went on for a good while, till the observer broke in with "Young man, what are you doing in a telegraph office? You

ought to be at Paris studying art!"

The artist looked up and colored.

I need not detail the conversation that occurred. The upshot of it was an offer on the part of Mr. Hyde to furnish the

young man the means with which to pursue his studies. Those were

the days when A. E. Hyde and John Beck were associated in the

mining business. Mr. Beck, when he heard of his partner's offer

of assistance, generously agreed to the proposal. And so to these

two men is the credit due of giving Professor Evans the opportunity to develop under more favorable circumstances his artistic genius.

It must not be understood, however, that Edwin's love of art and skill in drawing were of spontaneous generation. On the contrary, they were of long and gradual growth. During the years

of his farm life, his schooling, and his telegraphic labors, he had

SOME MEN WHO HAVE DONE THINGS. 345

insistently used the pencil at every odd moment. The beginning

is worth noting here, not only because of its connection with

Evans's career, but also on account of its apparently accidental character. His mother took him, when he was six, on a visit to a

friend's in Sanpete valley. Here he saw a Scandinavian boy older

than himself, cutting paper animals and coloring them. The

moment he returned home, Edwin fell to cutting animals as if to make up for lost time. But there were no colors to put on them!

Not till three years had gone by did he get a box of colors, at

Christmas. Certainly this was the greatest Christmas gift Edwin

has ever received.

From now on art occupied his thoughts mainly, though he did not dream of making it more than a pastime. He penciled,

penned or painted everything in sight. Odd moments, as while

waiting for trains at the telegraph office, found him bent over a drawing of some sort. He had no teacher but his own eye and

natural taste. Yet he acquired a skill that soon won him local

fame and, as we have seen, attracted the attention of strangers who saw his work.

That night in the operator's office marked an epoch in his career. It put hope and purpose into his efforts to get something

out of life. By this time he was a husband and a father. For a

whole year afterward he put by every spare cent towards paying his way in France and taking care of his family. An arduous

year that was, and a gigantic task he had set himself. Surely it

speaks well for a married man of thirty and past to put forth such unusual effort in such an unusual direction! But what will high

hope not accomplish, once it has set its face?

His first intention seems to have been to study art for a time at the University of Utah. But this is not clear. Anyhow,

one fine morning saw him, during this year, going Universitywards with a portfolio of his drawings under his arm. The teacher

of art there must have been favorably impressed by his work, for he told him that he would best go to Paris. And to Paris he

went.

It is one thing to have high hopes, plenty of energy, and moneyed friends, but quite another thing to be a young man without education and experience in the right things trying to enter the 346 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Julien Academy of Fine Arts in a country whose tongue you cannot understand. This, Evans found out, quite to his embarrassment.

Luckily, though, the head man at the Academy was away, and

Edwin was allowed to enter. With characteristic push he got

himself into the "life class,"because he could not endure the castwork.

The reckoning time came, however, when he exhibited his first picture to the teacher in charge. Maybe it was a good thing,

after all, that the aspirant for artistic fame could not, at that

IN THE STUDIO.

time, understand French, in which language the worthy old professor sought to ease his feelings over the drawing. But "Ed"

had studied facial expressions to enough purpose, at least, to know that the countenance he was now watching foreboded ill to him, especially as the lips uttered quick, angry exclamations. But the

fact that the newcomer was permitted to continue meant something favorable, which gave hope.

And so Evans set to work with unconquerable will, as became

SOME MEN WHO HAVE DONE THINGS. 347

a man who had a family in Utah to support and who was in Paris on borrowed money and large expense. From early in the morning till late in the afternoon he sat at his easel with dogged patience, adding line after line, till his teacher cried out against it.

"You'll break down! you'll break down! Take a cigar once

in a while and walk up and down the studio. It'll relieve the

strain!"But "Ed''didn't smoke, and therefore he remained at his easel. Here is where that farm life at Lehi and the mountain

air and the moral habits of his life told with salutary effect. The

old professor would have been shocked incredibly had he known is not one ofthat Evans's robust constitution—for Edwin Evans

your consumptive artists pining away for lack of flesh and lungspace—was enduring the additional strain of several studies pursued at a night school.

And this amazing power for work had its effect. He made

rapid headway. Two years he stayed there, and then went out

into the country for three months, under another instructor. In

the end he received honorable mention in drawing from the

Academy—a very high honor.

Beyond all doubt, the thing that kept Edwin at the art school, after the time when the professor talked so jerkily in French over his first drawing, was what artists call ensemble, which, being interpreted, means the parts of a picture viewed as a whole, the total effect of a work of art. And here Evans has a lesson for young

artists which by itself would make his life worth the telling,

A few years ago, not only in the United States but in Europe as well, the method of teaching art that most prevailed was one which required the student to do the parts first and then the whole. If, for example, it were a human figure that was to be

drawn, the beginner would be put into a "castclass"where he was expected to draw the face, the head, the hand, the foot, till he could do these perfectly. Then he would be set to work

on the whole figure. Now, Evans, never having had a teacher,

knew nothing of.methods, before he went to Paris. And so he

first, and filleddrew in the most natural way—outlined the whole

in the parts afterwards. This taught him proportion, which is a

fundamental law of all art. As a result he found, when he got

348 IMPR VEMENT ERA

somewhat along at the Academy, that whereas he did the wholes better than the separate parts, the parts in the other students'work did not pull together so well, the parts were better than the wholes. The ensemble, everyone knows, is harder to do,

and is greater than particular parts. So what Edwin Evans had to

spend his time upon was the comparatively easier work of perfection in the parts, and this accounts to some degree, for his rapid progress while at Paris. We now know, of course, that this

method which Evans had unconsciously stumbled upon in his boyhood is not only the natural but, for that very reason, the only proper method of teaching and learning art.

Returning to Utah, he did some painting in the Salt Lake

Temple for three months. The next three years he spent partly

in giving private lessons, but mainly in work on his landscape pictures and representation of animal life. A Utah harvest scene,

which he painted shortly after his return, has won deserved recognition. While it was on exhibition at the World's Fair in 1893,

he was offered five hundred dollars for it, which he refused, however, in order to dispose of it to better advantage at home.

Later, namely in 1895, it was exhibited at Iowa. "There was

more said about this one,"said C. E. Baldwin, the president of

the Iowa Society of Fine Arts, in a letter to Mr. Evans, "than any

other in the exhibit and it formed a lasting impression."Later still

it was reproduced in the Midland Monthly with a brief account of the artist. For a time he taught art at the L. D. S. College, and

not long afterwards accepted the professorship of art at the University of Utah, which place he occupies at present. He was

president of the Society of Utah Artists 1895 to 1907.

During these years he has sketched continually, as his work in the University would permit. Not so prolific as some other

Utah artists, he has nevertheless had a large output, with no difficulty in disposing of his work to advantage. Commercially

Utah is not so advantageous a place for an artist as some other states, New York, for instance; and for this reason some friends

expressed surprise when he came back to Utah instead of going where he could do better in his art, financially. But Edwin Evans

is a Latterday Saint; his interests are wholly with his people; and

hence he remains here.

SOME MEN WHO HAVE DONE THINGS. 349

This last fact induced me oo ask him what effect the teachings of our religion have, and will be likely to have, on art.

"Well,"he replied, "it is not easy to answer that question.

Some would seem to think, to jadge by their general attitude, that the influence of 'Mormonism'on all forms of art is discouraging, except when it is modified by contact with non- 'Mormon'ideas. For instance, I once heard a prominent woman

point to the fact that several Utah boys were students at the

Julien Academy, in Paris, as an evidenc e of 'Gentile'influence on the 'Mormons.'I do not regard it so. The Saints have had a long

and hard battle to wage with nature in a new country. But such

encouragement as they could lend to artistic expression they have cheerfully given from the first. There is just as much encouragement given it by the Saints in Utah, to say the least, as there is by

the people in any other state of similar age and conditions in the

Union. "As for the influence of our faith on art, necessarily it would be good. For one thing, it would naturally limit the subject matter

of art. Take a figure painter, for instance. Elsewhere there is

no objection among artists to painting the nude. A Latterday

Saint artist would hesitate before choosing this form of expression.

Other subjects with immoral snggestion he would proscribe from his artistic domain. There are negative effects acting as a sort of

limitation upon the artist.

"But there are positive effects also. Art expresses character,

necessarily. 'Mormonism'tends to purify character. Hence, our

faith would act in this way upon art and would thus show itself in the artist's work. On the whole, therefore, I should say that the influence of our religion on art would be wholesome and encouraging."

I asked him if he had any word for young men and women anxious to take up art.

"Two things,"he said. "First, they should take up the study

as early as possible and develop character. Too much emphasis

cannot be placed on this point. I believe that art manifests itself

early in life. There are always indications in the child of the bent

of mind in the man or the woman, and these should be followed. But character is necessary. A clean, wholesome life is

essential as a basis. What does art amount to, anyway, without

350 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

character—something to hold up the standard of conduct to what

is of real worth in life?

"Next, if they believe themselves to have an artistic temperament, it would be unwise for them to rush off at once to New York or

Paris. Let them stay at home awhile till they have manifested

their ability or lack of ability in art. In the past, young persons

here and in other states have gone away to study, at vast expense, only to find that they do not possess enough of the artistic sense to rise above the merest mediocrity in the profession. Lack of talent

in art can be determined at home as well as abroad, and at a good deal less expense.

"And then, too, the time spent at home in ascertaining whether there is any artistic talent to cultivate, and how much, goes also towards developing character. It is incredible the amount of

temptation young artists meet with, and often succumb to, abroad. I mean, of course, temptation in a moral way. Hence

the absolute necessity of developing the sense of moral uprightness and integrity and strength before subjecting oneself to the strain that will necessarily be put upon one at such a place as

Paris."

Salt Lake City, Utah.

Hardship—Through an Optimistic Eye.

(For the Improvement Era.)

Hardship's a blessing sent down in disguise,

A staff for the weak and a scourge for the wise,

And is scattered afar with her tongue of complaints,

But is mostly reserved for the faith and the Saints.

I know of no mortal she deigneth to slight,

But, lo, should there be, here's a path and a light,

Be a Latterday Saint and you'll get a full share,

For we have quite enough to go around and to spare.

Theodore E. Curtis.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

Salvation Universal.

BY JOSEPH F. SMITH, JR,, ASSISTANT CHURCH HISTORIAN.

IV.

While many honorable men and women in the world are accomplishing a great work in searching out and compiling genealogical data, their labors serve only as the means to the end. The

greatest work, after all, devolves on the members of the Church who have the priesthood, power and privilege, to go into the temples, taking the names from these compiled records and from all other authentic sources and performing the ordinances in behalf of their dead. We live in the greatest dispensation of the world's

history, that of the fulness of times, when all things are to be gathered and restored to their proper order, ushering in the millennial reign of the Redeemer and the righteous. Do Latterday

Saints fully realize the importance of the mighty responsibility placed upon us in relation to the salvation of the world? We are

doing a great deal in the attempt to convert and save a perverse and wicked generation; we are sending hundreds of missionaries

into all parts of the earth, and are spending hundreds of thousands of dollars annually in this very necessary labor, with results that are not so very startling. We are spending hundreds of thousands

of dollars in the building of meetinghouses, Church schools and other buildings, and in the education of the youth of Israel, in developing and improving our lands, building cities and increasing our communities, publishing periodicals and magazines, and in every way diligently striving to improve our own people, and disseminate knowledge that will convert the world to the gospel; but

what are we doing for the salvation of our dead? Many there are, it

is true, who comprehend this greater work, and are faithfullv 352 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

discharging their duties in the temples of the Lord, but of others this cannot be said. The temple in Salt Lake City has for many

months been so crowded with anxious, earnest workers, that it has been necessary many times to turn large numbers away because there was not sufficient room. This is a good sign, showing the

willingness and activity of the Saints. But this condition does not

relieve the inactive, dilatory members, who are doing nothing for their dead. These persons cannot expect to receive credit for

what others may be doing, the responsibility rests with equal force on all according to'our individual ability and opportunities. It

matters not what else we have been called to do, or what position we may occupy, or how faithfully in other ways we have labored in the Church, none are exempt from this great obligation. It is

required of the apostle as well as the humblest elder. Place or

distinction, or long service in the cause of Zion in the mission field, the stakes of Zion, or where or how else it may have been, will not entitle one to disregard the salvation of one's dead.

Some may feel that if they pay their tithing, attend their regular meetings and other duties, give of their substance to the poor, perchance spend one, two or more years preaching in the world, that they are absolved from further duty. But the greatest and

grandest duty of all is to labor for the dead. We may and should

do all these other things, for which reward will be given, but if we neglect the weightier privilege and commandment, notwithstanding all other good works, we shall find ourselves under severe condemnation. And why such condemnation? Because ''the greatest responsibility in this world that God has laid upon us, is to

seek after our dead."* Because we cannot be saved without

them, "It is necessary that those who have gone before and those who come after us should have salvation in common with us, and thus hath God made it obligatory to man,"f says the Prophet

Joseph Smith. From this, then, we see that while it is necessary

to preach the gospel in the nations of the earth, and to do all other good works in the Church, yet the greatest commandment

* Joseph Smith in Times and Seasons 6: 616.

t Ibid.

SALVATION UNIVERSAL. 353

given us, and made obligatory,, is temple work in our own behalf and in behalf of our dead.

Again the Prophet says: "Baptism for the dead is the only

way that men can appear as saviors upon Mount Zion. The

proclamation of the first principles of the gospel was a means of salvation to man individually, but men, by actively engaging in rites of salvation substitutional, become instrumental in bringing multitudes of their kin into the kingdom of God.... This

doctrine appears glorious inasmuch as it exhibits the greatness of divine compassion and benevolence in the extent of the plan of human salvation. This glorious truth is well calculated to enlarge

the understanding, and to sustain the soul under troubles, difficulties, and distresses.... This doctrine presents in a clear

light the wisdom and mercy of God, in preparing an ordinance for the salvation of the dead, being baptized by proxy, their names recorded in heaven, and they judged according to the deeds done in the body. This doctrine was the burden of the scriptures.

Those Saints who neglect it, in behalf of their deceased relatives, do it at the peril of their own salvation."*

The reason our own salvation stands in jeopardy is because it is necessary that the parents and children not only receive the ordinance of baptism, but they must be joined together from generation to generation. It is necessary for us to go into the temples, be baptized, confirmed, and receive all the ordinances for our

dead, just as we receive them for ourselves. f "It is sufficient to

know,"we read in the revelation, "that the earth will be smitten with a curse, unless there is a welding link of some kind or other, between the fathers and the children upon some subject or other, and behold what is that subject? It is the baptism for the dead.

For we without them cannot be made perfect; neither can they

without us be made perfect. Neither can they nor we be made

perfect without those who have died in the gospel also; for it is

necessary in the ushering in of the dispensation of the fulness of times, which dispensation is now beginning to usher in, that a whole and complete and perfect union and welding together of dis-

* Times and Seasons 2: 545-6.

t History of the Church, May 12, 1844.

354 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

pensations, and keys, and powers, and glories should take place, and be revealed, from the days of Adam even to the present time;

and not only this, but those things which never have been revealed from the foundation of the world, but have been kept hid from the wise and prudent shall be revealed unto babes and sucklings in *this dispensation of the fulness of times."

Again, quoting from the prophet: "The Bible says, I wil

send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord; and he shall turn the hearts of the fathers to the children, and the hearts of the children to their fathers,

lest I come and smite the earth with a curse.

"Now, the word turn here should be translated bind or seal.

But what is the object of this important mission? or how is it to

be fulfiled? The keys are to be delivered, the spirit of Elijah is to

come, the gospel to be established, the Saints of God to be gathered, Zion built up, and the Saints to come up as saviors on

Mount Zion.

"But how are they to become saviors on Mount Zion? By

building their temples, erecting their baptismal fonts, and going forth and receiving all the ordinances, baptisms, confirmations, washings, anointings, ordinations and sealing powers upon their heads, in behalf of all their progenitors who are dead, and redeem them that they may come forth in the first resurrection and be exalted to thrones of glory with them, and herein is the chain that binds the hearts of the fathers to the children, and children to the fathers, which fulfils the mission of Elijah. And I would to

God this temple was now done, that we might go into it, and go to work and improve our time, and make use of the seals while they are on earth.

"The Saints have not too much time to save and redeem their dead, and gather together their living relatives, that they may be saved also, before the earth will be smitten, and the consummation decreed falls upon the world."f

These passages emphasize the importance of the work for the dead, for we cannot be saved without them, nor can they be saved

*Doc. and Cov, 128: 18.

tHistory of the Church, Jan. 20, 1844.

SALVATION UNIVERSAL. 355

without us. Our salvation cannot be accomplished unless the

fathers and the children are joined together, bound, sealed in perfect family order. Husbands must be united by authority with

their wives; children to their parents, until their is one grand family composed of all the faithful from the beginning to the end of

time, with Adam, our progenitor standing in his calling as the father of us all.

[to be concluded in next number]

Salt Lake City, Utah.

Passing Events.

The battleship "Utah"the fifth ship of the "allbig-gun''type to be added to the United States Navy, since 1905, and the most powerful warship yet built in the United States, was launched at Camden,

New Jersey, on the 23rd day of December, 1909. It was christened by

Miss Mary Alice Spry, daughter of Governor William Spry, who, with a large number of other Utah people, was present at the launching. The

Utah is one of the world's largest battleships, is 510 feet in length, 88 feet in breadth, with a normal displacement of 21,825 tons. Her battery includes ten 12inch and sixteen 5-inch guns. She has two 21inch

submerged torpedo tubes, a displacement 2000 tons greater than the

Delaware and North Dakota, and is expected to develop a speed of 20| knots per hour.

The Agricultural College of Utah began several short winter courses—dairying, horticultural inspection, poultry management, housekeeping, the farmer's roundup, forestry, commerce, and mechanic arts,

etc., in January. These courses are offered primarily for the benefit of

the farmer, business man, and housewife, who can be absent from home only a short time. They are arranged to enable any one interested in a

special subject to get in touch with the latest developments and the best and most upto-date methods in as short a time as possible. The splendid

equipment of the college is a guarantee of the best results to be obtained

Those who have attended the farmer's roundups in the past are unanimous in their statement that they have received several times the worth of their money in the instructions received, and this phase of the college work is becoming increasingly popular. The farmer's roundups are

especially intended for young men who'can spend only a few months in school. \ 'Out of the Abundance of the Heart.

BY NEPHI ANDERSON, AUTHOR OF THE "CASTLE BUILDER,""ADDED

UPON,"ETC., AND EDITOR OF "LIAHONA THE "ELDERS'JOURNAL."

I.

In Camp Near Black Creek, May 15, 190—.

Dear Myra:—The sheep are taking their noon rest, and that

gives me a little time in which to begin my longcontemplated letter to you. I am going to take my time about it, however, and

if 1 do not complete it today, I shall take tomorrow, or as many days as are required.

The sun is getting hot, and the grass is not so good as it was;

so if this dry weather continues very much longer, I shall have to drive the sheep to the hills. I think that you told me you have

never been out here on the desert; therefore you can hardly realize what a peculiar place it is. Before I went on my mission, I

could see in this region nothing but a dreary waste, but now certain aspects of the country appeal strongly to me. I am reminded

that our ancient forefathers, when they were called Israelites, wandered about in a desert for forty years. In fact, those lands

that we read about in the Bible were very much like this; and

many of the prophets and warriors of olden time spent much of their time amid dry and lonely wildernesses. And then I am reminded that many of them were shepherds—that sounds better

than sheepherders. Moses wandered with his sheep among the

hills of Arabia, and there he drew near to God. David, also, was

a tender of sheep. He had no such large flocks as the modern

herder has to care for, because he had time, it seems, to compose songs, and then to sing them to the music of his harp. And then

I recall that some thousand years after David, "there were in the same country shepherds abiding in the field, keeping watch over their flocks by night,"when there came to them that wonderful "OUT OF THE ABUNDANCE OF THE HEART"357

I am talking Bible, proclamation of the birth of Christ—but there,

and I fear that is tiresome to you. I hope, however, that you

will be patient with me this once, no matter how much I sermonize, as this, very likely, will be the last time I shall tax your patience in this manner.

Let me make a little review. I had been a sheepherder for

two years prior to my receiving my call to go on a mission. I had

saved a little money, and we had planned what school I should attend, and then what we should do after that. When the call

came, our immediate plans had to be changed; but we purposed,

you remember, to carry them to a completion after I should return.

Well, I went away, taking you and your love with me. And, Myra,

you and that love remained with me during the twentysix months of my mission, and proved a source of strength and comfort to me all the time. The memory of those days just previous to my leaving for my mission was with me always, is with me yet—I fear I

can never forget them. * * * *

May 16.

There was some disturbance among the sheep yesterday as I was writing, so I had to stop. It was nothing serious, however.

Today they are unusually quiet, so I shall write a little more.

Out in the mission field we boys used to tease each other about "our girls"at home. Every now and then one of the missionaries

would get a letter telling him that it was "all off"with him. His

girl had become tired waiting for him, and was keeping company with somebody else. One poor fellow, I remember, received word

that his young lady, whom he had trusted implicitly, was about to get married. It broke him all up for a t'me. I said to myself:

how thankful I am that my girl wouldn't do that—and she didn't

I have been wondering lately whether it was noteither—no; and

best for me that she kept me in entire ignorance of what I suspect was going on within her heart all the time. I had no worries

on her account, so I went about my work cheerfully and finished my mission.

And then when I came home! The steamer was so slow, it

seemed to me, and the train dragged along, making aggravatingly long stops. When the mountains came into view, I felt that I was

at last nearing home—and you. I saw the snow glistening on

358 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the highest peaks, and then I thought again of you—not because

of its coldness, but because of its constancy.

The evening I came home I was eager to call on you, but my mother told me not to be in such a hurry. She, dear soul, had a

hint of the truth, but only a hint. You had been away from home

much, and she did not know. Well, you tried your best to let me

down easy. There was no need of your saying much, as I could

feel the change in your spirit—I hope, Myra, you will pardon my

blunt words; I am going this once to be plain and open and tell

you what is in my heart. You tried at first to act as if everything

wa3 all right, bit you could not deceive me—your true self shone

through every ded and word of yours, and when I saw that true self, and came to realize what it meant to me, my heart ached as I hope it will never ache again. * * * I can't write any more

today.

May 18.

I tried to add another chapter to this epistle yesterday, but it was a failure. I tore up what I wrote. It is now ten o'clock

in the evening. I have been sitting for an hour on the wagon

tongue, looking at the stars and listening to the night noises. The

sheep are still, and save for an occasional clang of a bell, they are very quiet. Out on the desert to the north, some coyotes are yelping. Yesterday I shot one that came audaciously near. The stars

are uncommonly bright tonight, and the breeze is cool and soft.

I can't say that it plays with the tree tops, because there is no growth out here larger than sagebrush and greasewood.

I am writing this by the light of a lantern in my wagon. You

would be interested in a sheep wagon, I know, as it contains all the comforts of home in miniature. Our friend, Jack Thompson,

visited with me yesterday and remained to dinner. He praised my

cooking, but I rather think that it was his "sagebrush appetite"that furnished the sauce. Well, Myra—but I don't think lean

write any more this evening. I'll go out again and look at the

stars.

May 20.

I am moving my sheep towards the mountains. We traveled

nearly all day yesterday, and today we are on the foothills from which I can see the desert stretch, broad and silent, to the hori- "OUT OF THE ABUNDANCE OF THE HEART."359

zon. Usually, I am glad enough to leave the desert, but something holds me to it this time. Is there not something sacred in

the places where we lay our grievous burdens down?

While I am a sheepherder I am trying to be a good one, and care for my sheep. So far this season I have not lost many. Yesterday, one poor, little lamb fell so far behind that it became lost

in the brush. I heard it bleating, and went back for it; and as I

lifted it into my arms, I remembered the Savior's parable of the one sheep that went estray. "And when he [the shepherd] hath

found it, he layeth it on his shoulders rejoicing. And when he

cometh home, he calleth together his friends and neighbors, saying unto them, Rejoice with me, for I have found my sheep which was lost."* * * Well, some sheep are never found, much to

the sorrow of the shepherd—sheepherder.

I have been home now nearly a year. It has been a year of

ups and downs wiih me, and especially the latter as regards our affairs. I thought once that time would readjust us to the condition of heart and mind that we were in three years ago, but I

have about given up hope of that now. I have struggled for a

whole year to let you go, and now I find that I must give up my illusions and get them from me, and face the stern, heartbreak- ing reality. I have been nearly a week in coming to this point in

I started out to tell you—and now when Imy letter—that which

have come to it—well, I shall try to tell just what is in my heart-.

You might think it strange that I should pray to God about my love affairs; but I have done so continually. The fervor of my

soul has gone out to God for you; I have asked him to touch your

heart and to make you love me as I love you. I have pleaded with

him night and day to do this, because it has seemed to me that I could not endure life without you. Last week, as I sat watching

the sheep, with my heart like lead, I had a peculiar experience:

the desert and the sheep faded from my sight, and I was again in the mission field. I thought I was holding a cottage meeting, and

I was speaking to the Saints on the subject of prayer, telling them, as I have often done, that Jesus should be the great example in our supplications to the Father. When he was in the

sorest straights, pouring out in anguish his soul to God, pleading witn his Father to let the cup fif bitterness pass from him, he yet always added, "nevertheless, not my will, but thine, be done."

360 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

And so we should always do, I was saying—do the best, and leave

the rest with God. Then, suddenly, the vision vanished and before me were the desert and the sheep. Then I knew what it all

meant. I had not practiced what I had preached. Not once had

I said, "Thy will be done,*'when pleading for you, because I felt that I could not give you up. I wanted my will, and was not will-

i.ig that God should decide for me. As my true condition came to

me, I had the biggest struggle of my life. Night and day the

fight went on. Oh, the agony and stress and awfulness of those

days and nights! I wonder the sheep did not all scatter to the four

winds. * * * With the Lord's help I have conquered my stubborn self so far that now I have placed myself entirely in God's

hands and am willing, if it is his will, to let you go.

Yes, Myra, go your way in peace, and I shall go mine. You

are released from all bonds which any promise of yours might have made binding. She who becomes my wife must do so without any

reservations. There must be no danger of change or regret. My

wife must be as constant as the stars; yes, more, for they say that

stars sometimes pass away. The sun may cease to shine someday,

but not so the light of love. And the love that binds husband and

wife together must be of the kind that reaches to the uttermost of time and space, beyond the sun or stars or worlds yet uncreated.

The husbands and wives who are sealed by the Holy Spirit of promise will come forth in the morning of the first resurrection, and begin again the journey where they left it off. Hand in hand,

they will travel on from truth to truth, from light to light, from power to power, increasing in the knowledge of the Lord, and clothed with a glory which shall be their passport into the limitless realms of celestial worlds.

To live with you forever! How I had planned, how I had

lived in the spirit: with you, Myra, I have trod the sweet paths of

Paradise, and eaten of its fruits; with you I have gone on to conquer all heights, and to share with our Eternal Father '"all things."

Nothing was withheld from us, Myra, whether "things present or things to come*'—all were ours. Oh, how I have lived and loved

in the spirit! * * * But, Father, "not as I will, but as thou

wilt."May 22.

The stage which carries the mail will shortly go past my camp.

''OUT OF THE ABUNDANCE OF THE HEART."361

I shall, therefore, close this long letter, and send it off. God

bless you. * * * The sky is full of gathering clouds. There

is a storm coming, and I must be out looking after my sheep.

Goodby. Sincerely yours,

Winslow James.

II.

June 1, 190—.

Dear Winslow:—I am sending you by this mail a package of

of my papers and a box of candy. The candy is homemade—one

"girl friends"helped mc make it. She brought her skill from the

domestic science department of the college. I hope you will like

the candy. * * *

And now that I have told you the "gossipy"news, I am strongly impressed to write you something about Myra. I am not

doing this on the impulse of the moment, nor because I like to tell unpleasant tales, but because I think you ought to know. You

have not told me much of what has taken place between you and

Myra, but I have seen enough to know that your feelings for each other are not the same as they were before you went on your mission. And Myra is not the same girl—but I shall not prejudge her.

The other evening I had an errand over to Myra's house. As

usual, I went into the kitchen to see her mother, but I did not find her there. The house was open, but there was no one at home.

I sat by the kitchen window to wait a few minutes, when, presently, I heard voices, and Myra and Tom Cuttman came into the parlor by the front door. They were talking and laughing so

loudly that I couldn't help hearing what they said. Perhaps I

should not have heard, but the fact is that I was so rooted to the spot by their very first words that I could not get away. Myra

read to Tom from a letter which she said she had received from you, and as they read, they laughed uproariously over its contents. I

listened attentively after that, because I wanted to be sure I was not deceived. It was true enough, Winslow, though I could hardly

believe my senses. They made fun of something you had written

about praying to God about your love affairs. "Quite a preacher,

yet, isn't he?"I heard her say; and he replied, "Yes, and he a sheepin the pulpit,'"then they laughed again.herder—he ought to be

I slipped out unseen, unheard, and sped homeward without completing my errand.

362 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Now I have told you. You may think it a small thing, but

it did not impress me as being unimportant. If what is said, and

especially the spirit which is used in the saying, is any indication of the heart's condition, then Myra is not the girl for you. But

I do not wish to be the judge, and so I shall say no more about it.

May the Lord bless you and give you wisdom to know and strength to bear all that the Lord has for you.

Your loving Mother.

III.

Near Pine Ridge, June 5, 190—

I received your letter, papers, and candy My Dear Mother:—

today. Thank you for them all. The candy was delicious—I should

have said is because I have not eaten it all; I shall nibble at it

each day for a week. * * * *

As for Myra, dear mother, I am not so surprised as you might think. No; don't you worry about her and me. I wrote that

letter, all right, that you heard ridiculed, aud there is nothing in it that I am ashamed of, even if it were to be read from the housetops. I am glad you told me what you did, for, though it made

my heart ache, it cleared my head, and drove from me the last, lingering hope which persisted in clinging to me. Myra is not for

me—that is now settled for good, and there is some comfort even

in that definiteness. I am drilling myself to get used to the

thought, and for practice in this disciplinary process I sing to the desert and the sheep, "All is well, all is well."After all, the

Lord has been good to me; for how splendid it is to be able to acknowledge his hand even in pain and suffering.

This mcrning we had a glorious rain. While the clouds were

clearing away, a mist lay spread over the plain, and as I looked down on it from the hillside, it appeared as a sea of shining water, stretching away to the horizon. The great valley was

I had justcovered—the valley of doubt and despair out of which

come; and the peace of God lay as a coverlet over it, and I above

it all, still looking upward and able to return the smiling greeting of the sun. Your loving son,

WlNSLOW.

Singing as a Means of Preaching the

Gospel.

BY ANDREW JENSON, PRESIDENT OF THE SCANDINAVIAN MISSION.

Good singing has always been an essential feature of the

Latterday Saints'worship. Next to the preaching of the gospel

by the elders of the Church, impressive singing, especially by organized choirs, has everywhere been the chief factor in softening the hearts of mankind towards the truths of heaven and preparing men to receive the plan of salvation. Singing has often

impressed people, when preaching has entirely failed. It has been

proved repeatedly that the elder who can sing has a decided advantage over him who cannot. Thisrule holds good among all

classes of people, and in all countries and climes, and might serve as an admonition to all young men to cultivate early in life their talents for singing.

In the Scandinavian mission the majority of our elders are able to praise the name of the Lord in song, which goes far toward making them efficient and successful missionaries. In our

larger branches, where we have welltrained choirs, the wholesome effects of good singing is especially noticed. The saying

has become general that the "'Mormons'have most excellent singing in their meetings,"and it is not unusual to hear one companion say to another, "Come, let us go and hear the 'Mormons'sing."Under this impression, they come to our meetings the first

time, and then often hear more than they expected. For besides

the inspired strains of music, they listen to the preaching, which often proves a great surprise to them, since, instead of hearing ridiculous dogmas and false doctrines, as perhaps they had been 36 4 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

led to expect, they listen, it may be for the first time in their lives, to the true gospel of Jesus Christ. The next time they conclude

to visit, they come to hear the preaching as well as the singing.

In such manner hundreds of people in these countries have been converted to "Mormonism."

The largest and best trained choir in the Scandinavian Mission is perhaps the Christiania choir, in Norway. We think it second

to none in the Church, outside of the stakes of Zion. It has about

seventy voices now, led by Elder George W. Christophersen, of

Salt Lake City. Our excellent choir in Copenhagen consists of

nearly fifty voices, under the tutorship of Elder Lauritz M. Sorensen, of Big Horn Basin, Wyoming. 1 The choir of tue Aarhus branch,

under the leadership of Elder Christian H Johnson of Bear River

City, and that of the Aalborg branch, led by Elder Charles H. Sorensen, of Salt Lake City, are also rendering efficient service. In the

cities mentioned, the Church owns large and commodious meeting halls and mission houses, which fact gives us every opportunity for preaching the gospel.

In a few other cities of Denmark and Norway,where halls are rented, we also have good, welltrained choirs. Thus a choir of

forty voices, with Elder Wilford H. Wilde, of Brigham City, as

chorister, enlivens the well attended meetings in the quaint and historic city of Bergen, on the Western coast of Norway. In

Trondhjem, the old Cathedral city of Norway, we have a flourishing branch of the Church, with Elder Alvin E. Olsen, of Salt Lake

City, leading a choir of twenty voices. In Drammen (Norway)

and Randers, (Denmark) and in a few other places, we have small choirs led by elders from Zion. The leaders often teach the members

of their respective choirs to sing the songs of Zion in the language of the great Anglo Saxon world, as well as in the native tongue; and

I have often been a most interested and enraptured listener to the sweet songs of Zion sung in English, in the spirit of Zion, by the sons and daughters of Denmark and Norway. The brogue, un

avoidably associated with their attempt to pronounce the foreign words, only adds to the beauty of the text. The "Song of the

Redeemed'and other kindred masterpieces thus sung thrills the souls of the elders, calling forth memories of home and dear ones, or a suppressed tear, and fills the heart with increased love for the

SINGING AS A MEANS OF PREACHING THE GOSPEL. 365

great cause that has taken them so far from home. I may add

that our best poetical English Church literature has been translated into the DanishNorwegian language.

AALBORG BRANCH CHOIR, DENMARK.

The accompanying photograph of the choir in Aalborg was taken at our semiannual conference, October last. The young

chorister is easily recognized by the baton in his hand. On his

right sit the presidents of the mission and of the Aalborg conference, respectively, who, by special request, were photographed with the choir as honorary members. The others are local Saints.

Copenhagen, Denmark.. '

A- postal deficit of nearly $17,500,000 is reported by the postmaster general. The chief sources of the loss are in the rural free

delivery, and in secondclass mail matter. The postmaster general recommends an increase in the rate of secondclass mail, fast regular mail

service to South America and Australia, and the establishment of postal savings banks.

Editor's Table.

The Spiritists'Heaven.

Seeking the occult is unprofitable. Spiritual light comes b

means of the Spirit of God, through messengers of the Lord, and through the Holy Ghost who is conferred in full measure upon those who obey the commandments of God. The truth is not

whispered through veils of necromancy, nor has any message of light ever yet been revealed through socalled spiritualistic mediums. When spirits of just men made perfect are sent with a

message from on high, they come in glory, for that is the only way they can appear; and it is contrary to the order of heaven

for them to deceive. They deliver their message in light, and

that message tends to the practical uplifting, progress and advancement of men. It is not given to satisfy the cravings of

morbid curiosity. On this subject the following editorial recently appeared in the Portland Oregonian:

It is wrong to discourage the pursuit of truth, even when there is no prospect of its attaining anything else, and small prospect of attaining even truth. Upon the whole, no species of intellectual athletics is so

profitable all around as the investigation of the unknown. It is so

immeasurably beneficial, both to him who investigates and to those who merely stand and look on, that few feel much like blaming an eager speaker when he diverges from the realm of the unknown to the unknowable. Still it is sad to see an earnest prospector squander his time,

strength and grub following up leads which are sure to end in nothing. We

do not, of course, mean to assert positively that the leads which our various psychical researchers have been following for the last fifty years have been absolutely barren, but, aside from some facts of mere terrestrial psychology, what have they yielded? To say nothing of material

EDITOR'S TABLE. 367

advantages, leaving increased health, happiness and longevity out of the question entirely, what is the harvest of pure truth that the spiritists have reaped? It is doubtful if fifty years of effort, as sincere and zealous, in any other field of research have ever proved so nearly fruitless.

In deriding psychial research, therefore, one would not necessarily be discouraging the pursuit of truth, since it is highly questionable whether that radiant angel lies concealed anywhere in the country the lovers of the occult have invaded. But we do not wish to deride it. Our sole

purpose is to point out how little it has accomplished, and this is done not by any means with unholy hilarity, but rather with melancholy reverence. Although thousands of people, including such men as W. T.

Stead, Professor William James, Alfred Russel Wallace, and Sir Oliver

Lodge, have held more or less constant converse with spirits for many years, it is safe to say that they have not elicited from their celestial visitants a single fact of any particular importance concerning either this world or the other. As the Independent observes, in commenting

upon this subject, "We would have learned more by the discovery of a new tribe of South Sea Islanders than we have by getting into communition with the spirits of the mighty dead."From all this fuss and parade

neither literature, science, philosophy nor religion has profited one atom.

The socalled poetry which the spirits sometimes vouchsafe to trans, mit through the mediums is always the most depressing gibberish. Not

a single line of it has ever been worth remembering. Although spirits

are supposed to live a larger and freer life than we, and are said to know all the facts of nature by intuition, nevertheless they have not told us one truth about electricity, aviation, or any other significant subject of human interest. Philosophy stands exactly where it would if the spirits

had never been heard of, while religion they have seriously injured.

They have harmed it by making the future life repulsive, and to many people ridiculous. Granting the untenable proposition that spirit communications prove there is a future life, who would want to live it if we

must become the halfwitted creatures the returning ghosts invariably seem to be? If we are doomed to lose our intelligence when we become

discarnate souls, would not annihilation be preferable? Who wants to

spend eternity as a chattering idiot?

The Christian belief is that all our faculties will be brightened when we get to heaven. The spirits who deliver themselves through

Eusapia,Paladino,and the other mediums, are said to come from heaven for that purpose. They must represent the average intelligence of that blest

abode. Have their faculties been brightened much? Shakespeare

368 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

appears among these visitants once in a while, but who would ever know him as the author of ''Hamlet?"He does not exhibit decent common

sense, to say nothing of genius. Bacon, Gladstone and everybody else

suffers the same fearful eclipse. There must be something in the atmosphere of the evergreen shore fatal to intelligence. George Washington

and Little Bright Eyes both gibber nonsense. If anything Bright

Eyes has the best of it. By making heaven out to be a sort of vast asylum

for the simpleminded spiritism has injured religion incalculably. At

best, celestial joys are none too alluring. Few people whom we have

ever seen really prefer them to terrestrial satisfaction. But when to

perpetual harpplaying and dancing the decay of the intelligence is added, the place becomes positively repulsive.

The Genealogical Society of Utah.

The Utah Genealogical and Historical Magazine, No 1, devoted, as its name implies, to genealogical and historical matter.

The society was first decided upon November 13, 1894, and on

November 21 incorporated, Franklin Dewey Richards, president.

Since that time, and mostly in the past two years, the society has grown to 257 life and 410 annual memberships, with a library of 1,600 volumes. Officers for 1910 are: Anthon H. Lund, president; Charles W. Penrose, vicepresident; Joseph F. Smith, Jr.,

secretarytreasurer and librarian; Joseph Christenson, Anthony

W. Ivins, Duncan M. McAllister, and Heber J. Grant, directors.

The new magazine is the organ of this society and fills a place hitherto vacant, in the western part of the United States. Its

work will not only cover Utah, but the whole intermountain country, "and more if necessary."President Anthon H. Lund is the

editor, and Joseph F. Smith, Jr., associate editor. In the salutatory editorial President Lund says of the mission of the

magazine:

We are not publishing the magazine with the idea of furnishing the

EDITOR'S TABLE. 369

general public with something to while away a few idle hours, a means of amusement, something to be read and soon forgotten: but with the

idea of giving them a periodical of permanent usefulness: that will not

only entertain, but also instruct and aid in the gathering of the records of their dead, so that they can prepare themselves in the ''most glorious of all subjects,"the work for the dead.

Family records and genealogies, historical information, biographies, manuscripts, old documents and publication, are solicited, and will appear in the magazine, or be filed with the society. This

is a splendid aim, and the Era welcomes the new publication, with a recommendation to all who are interested in this laudable work to support it with their subscriptions, as well as with valuable information. Price $1.50 per annum. JosephF. Smith, Jr.,

manager, Salt Lake City, Utah.

"Men and Missions."

This is a book of 215 pages published by the Sunday School

Times Company, 1831 Walnut St., Philadelphia, Pa., and

written by Mr. William T. Ellis, a secular journalist, who has

looked into the entire missionary enterprise, both as a principle and in practical operation. His investigations led him entirely

around the world, and over the main mission fields. He critically

examined every aspect of the work, and in his book has sought to give an unbiased and fair judgment upon the missionary and his labors, telling the truth as he discovered it. He gives, besides, a

vivid interpretation of present worldcurrents, and especially the marvelous awaking of the sleeping Oriental nations from the torpor of ages, to the morning sunlight of the gospel. From the sleep

of millenniums, new Korea, new Japan, new China, new India, new

Turkey, new Persia, with their uncounted millions, are reaching out groping hands for some new sovereign specific that will bring peace to the hearts of their aspiring, dissatisfied people. Every

fibre of their being, he points out, is a-tingle with new life:

All these varied signs of the whole world's awaking which chord so signally with the enlarging vision of the men of the Christian Church, betoken a timeliness which argues a sovereign design. Reasoning from

370 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

history alone, it is patent that there is such a thing as 'the fulness of time.'The Lord God Omnipotent reigneth, and he has his own purposes,

which when his clock strikes, come to fulfilment. * * * No man with

eyes to see can look upon this marvelously awakened world today especially if he look closely and deeply—without perceiving that all the

clamorous voices of the nations may be interpreted as a call for the truth which sets men free. The world's wants are many; its need is

one. In all careful thoughtfulness, it must be declared that the underlying, abiding, allembracing need of the world is for the gospel of Jesus

Christ, which alone imparts new life, new liberty and new brotherliness.

In the appendix are presented actual working missionary methods. On the whole the viewpoint of the book is strikingly

sensible and independent, soundly constructive, free from the nambypamby so usual in many ministerial works on the subject.

Messages from the Missions.

Elder Alma 0. Taylor, president of the Japan mission, in writing to

his father, December 20, 1909, after stating that he had forwarded to each of the high officials of Japan a neatly bound volume of the Book of

Mormon, says further: "The mission has certainly grown; we are becoming better known; our name is being spoken more and more each day.

The plodding work is leaving a trail behind, and the unresponsive soil is little by little changing from barrenness to fertility, and the flower that grows here and there is an inspiration to the tiller's heart to work on until the plains and hills teem with the fruits of faithful husbandry. "He

tells of the receipt of a letter from the First Presidency, dated November 23, 1909, which contained his release, also that of Elder Fred Caine, his able assistant in the work of translating the Book of Mormon. On

Christmas day they held a very successful Christmas gathering. Brother

Caine assumed the role of Santa Claus, he presumed, for the last time in that land. The naming of a president pro tern from among the missionaries now laboring there being left for President Taylor, he named Elder

Elbert D. Thomas on December 25 for this position. He had sent a letter to each one of the missionaries—it not being practicable to convene

them at any given point, in consequence of the great distances in some instances, coupled with considerable expense—asking them for their acceptance or otherwise. Answers to these agreeing, unanimously to the

appointment, came in time to enable him and Elder Caine to leave Japan

January 10, 1910, on which date they proposed to start for Korea, S'O cd a

sr-i H>"l-H r-O 3.HSOS

aine, son.

Harr -r*?i o*2W..,So'

i-3 lliot ront Joh 3 e-<O go!> ffi 2 *Tjp >.in 2 *-"%<2"* oCO

flf>-J i Sa| v. 2en- o -<5- O 3 Oopi en3O cT3. "h JZ!

K"CD t=< <! P 3 i-s IT] o

p '372 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

thence to China; this journey being taken according to further instructions from the First Presidency, to investigate conditions in these nations

and ascertain if they are at all favorable to the introduction of the gospel among these peoples. Also upon their return homeward to disembark

and visit the Sandwich Islands for a shrt time among the Saints there, and also to perform a short missionary labor with the Japanese whom

President S. E. Woolley reports are there in considerable numbers.

The time of the arrival of Elders Taylor and Caine in Zion is best expressed in Elder Taylor's closing words in his letter: "Do not appropriate all your beds at conference time, in April next, as we anticipate

through the blessing of the Lord to be home for conference."Elder

Taylor left for Japan July 24, 1901, eight and a half years ago; Elder

Caine started one year later.

Elder James G. Wood, lately returned from a mission to Virginia,

writes to President Joseph H. Grant, Woods Cross, concerning the labors

of Elder Jedediah M. Grant in that country many years ago. In sending

the letter to the Era, President Heber J. Grant says: "It is remarkable,

after father has been dead 53 years, on the first of December, 1909, that the fruits of his work as a missionary should so recently have been gathered."

Eider Wood says: "Inasmuch as I have just returned from the

land where your dear father labored as a missionary in the cause of truth so many years ago, and still not forgotten by them, I feel confident that a few lines would be of interest to you. In my last letter to

you, while at Grundy, Virginia, I mentioned about a man 92 years old who died last May, who bore his testimony to his children, that Elder

Jedediah M. Grant preached the true gospel of Christ, and he wished

them to obey it. He told them that he was at the meeting at Jeffersonville, Tazewell county, at the courthouse, when they chose Elder Grant a

blank text to speak from, and how humiliated the minister was when he was asked to pass the hat, and how cheerfully the people put in their change. After writing you, and at our last meeting, held in Virginia by

the sanction of President Callis, I baptized this man's son, 62 years old, and his two grandsons and their wives, and another gentleman 70 years old. All of them are among the leading citizens of the place. The

- leading men of Buchanan county are still our best friends, the county clerk is among them. In \isiting him at the county courthouse (which,

by "the way, cost $52,000) he and others stated that it was open for us to hold services in. I made them a present of a picture of my mountain

home, in its true colors, also a large apple from Utah, for which they kirrdiythanked me.''""

EDITOR'S TABLE. 373

Under date of January 3, 1910, President German E. Ellsworth, of

the Northern States Mission, writes to President Joseph F. Smith: "Dear

Brother: We rejoice in the blessings of the Lord we have received during the past year, and in the goodly condition we find the elders and

Saints of this mission in at the close of the year 1909. It has also been

a genuine satisfaction to feel the strong support given the work by our students and the Western Saints living in the mission field. The hearts

of the people are more softened than at the beginning of the year. The

officials of both state and city grant more liberty, and in many places extend us hearty welcomes. Comparing conditions with those of five or

six years ago there is a very marked change in favor of the doctrine and people of the Latterday Saints. In this connection, we listened only

yesterday to a very strong sermon from Dr. Russell of the People's Pulpit

of the Brooklyn Tabernacle; his subjects being "The Rich Man in Hell,"

"Lazarus in Abraham's Bosom,"and "The Thief in Paradise.''The big

Auditorium was filled to the last seat, and they listened with marked attention for two hours. It bore strong marks of the influence of our

teachings and the audience said "Amen,"We all wished, however, one of our brethren could have had one hour before the same audience on kindred subjects—the truth would have been less clouded had such been

the case. While our yearly reports will follow in a week or so, we say

in advance that we are pleased with our tract and book distribution, with the number of meetings held, with our baptisms and with our tithing record. In the matter of tithing we are pleased to report that notwithstanding we have had a goodly number of tithepayers move to the stakes

of Zion, our tithing will be better than last year. Our baptisms will

be materially increased, but our Book of Mormon distribution by the elders will not be as large, on account of revisiting those places that have already purchased Books of Mormon. The distribution of Books of

Mormon through book stores, however, is better than last year.

From our mission resources we have been able to take care of the running expenses of the mission as well as keep a stock of books and tracts on hand for our own use, and from which several of the less fortunate missions have drawn on account. We are pleased with the

prospect of getting a new book for mission work. The Great

Apostasy, which we are privileged to > publish, will fill a long felt want.

We have read the proof and the plates are being made. The first twenty

thousand will cost us one thousand dollars, subsequent editions will come same as Voice of Warning.

Priesthood Quorums'Table.

of study The Course of Study.—All the outlines for the course

for 1910 were ready for delivery, January 18; orders sent in now will be

promptly filled as long as the editions last. The price for each of the

outlines this year is 15 cents. The five books are of uniform size and each

contains about 100 pages. Orders should be sent to Improvement Em,

2022 Bishop's Building, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Respect for the Holy Priesthood.—Who can estimate the value

of the Holy priesthood, who can comprehend its meaning; who can appreciate its power and magnitude? Who would sell his priesthood for

worldly wealth or fame, or for any earthly titles or kingdoms? Who

would sell his birthright for a mess of pottage? Do we properly revere this divine pewer of God bestowed upon man, or do we lightly value

it and trample it under our feet? Can the princes of the earth drive

out the destroyer? Are the great men of the earth secure from destruction? Can the kings of the earth bring salvation and exaltation in the

celestial kingdom of God? Can worldly accumulations bring peace and

happiness, or can money purchase the gifts of the gospel?

The holy priesthood is the authority of God to act in his name. Can

a man have power with God and at the same time blaspheme his holy name? Or can men speak evil of his servants and retain the Holy Spirit?

"Behold, there are many called, but few are chosen. And why are they

not chosen? Because their hearts are set so much upon the things of

this world, and aspire to the honors of men, that they do not learn this one lesson—that the rights of the priesthood are inseparably connected

with the powers of heaven, and that the powers of heaven cannot be controlled nor handled only upon the principles of righteousness."Thus we

see what great benefit and blessing can be obtained through the wise and legitimate use of that power. It is said in the Book of Mormon that the

priesthood became so united that the very trees obeyed them. I once

heard a man who had been called to present a copy of the Book of Mormon to one of earth's dignitaries. Now this man held the priesthood,

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS'TABLE. 375

yet I heard him say that he feared and trembled in his majesty's presence. We read that Jacob blessed the ancient King Pharaoh by that

power, and he became abundantly prospered. Oh, that every deacon,

teacher, priest, elder, seventy and high priest could realize the great gift bestowed upon him, and seek to honor his holy calling, and to magnify it before the Lord by seeking to fulfil all the requirements in that priesthood, by keeping the commandments of God, and by seeking to uphold and sustain the brethren in their different positions and callings in the

Church, thus becoming united in defending the cause of Christ. Our

Church has been fittingly compared, in the completeness of its organization, to the German army, having all grades of officers from captain down to private soldiers. Now, if every command of Christ, our Captain, were to be as strictly obeyed, and as harmoniously carried out; if

each one could pay as much attention on first signal, if each man would show as much respect to his superior officers, if each were as loyal to the cause and as determined for its successful outcome, as are the soldiers of the German army, what a splendid and triumphant victory would be ours!—A. G. L.

The Elders and Their Study.—A brother, an active elder, complains that much is found in the Era on the special work of the seventies,

but nothing bearing directly on the work of the elders. The same writer

says: "We feel very much in need of a work devoted to the duties of

elders."The elders are perhaps the largest body of priesthood in the Church, and the Committee will be glad to say or do any good thing to promote their welfare. They are especially under the direction of the Stake

Presidencies, and this department is open for instruction and explana - tions, from them or any of the elders, tending to the enlightenment and advantage of the elders. To begin with, dear brother, read carefully

these words, from the introduction to the 1910 elders'course of study which, it may be said in passing, treats of just what our correspondent it meetsis anxious to have them learn—the duties of elders. We believe

many of the wants of the brethren, in this respect, and will besides suggest a vast field yet to be found in the Doctrine and Covenants, the best work in the world from which the elder may learn his duties:

The Elders'Course for 1910 does not purport to be a study of the

Doctrine and Covenants as a book, nor even to name, not to say explain, all the principles revealed in that work. The course is just what the

title implies, viz., "Duties and Principles from the Doctrine and Covenants and Modern Revelation."

The first two lessons are devoted to inspiration and revelation as 376 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

fundamental principles of Christianity; in fact as principles at the veryheart of the Christian religion. Notice especially the thought emphasized in lesson two, that "Harmony is a necessary condition to inspiration."In lesson three, note that the Prophet Joseph Smith conformed

to the conditions of harmony. It is not unreasonable, then, to accept

what follows as truths revealed to the boy prophet through the gift of inspiration. Hundreds of thousands have testified that they know that

the revelations are from God. Every elder should be convinced of the

same truth. With this end in view, take up this short course of study,

apply the principles taught therein, live a prayerful, virtuous life, performing faithfully your duties, and you shall have a testimony of the divinity of the gospel of Jesus Christ.

But, brethren, to know this, you must study; you must serve.

Part One comprises twelve lessons on duties pertaining to the individual life and acts of the elder.

Part Two comprises twelve lessons pertaining to duties and principles that may be applied not only as individuals, but as quorums as well.

Part Three comprises eleven lessons, on general principles of the gospel. The last lesson is one on the Prophet Joseph Smith, and should be

a kind of comprehensive summary of his life and work.

Only a few references to the Doctrine and Covenants are printed in the outline; so each member should provide himself with a copy of this

book, and also with the first two volumes of Church History.

Now, fellow workers, the success of this year depends upon ourselves; each one must do something. Remember

We must study; we must serve.

Important Instructions on Filling up Quorums of Seventy.

—There are at present one hundred and fiftysix quorums of seventy in the

Church. If all these quorums were complete, with seventy men in each

quorum, there would be a company of ten thousand nine hundred and twenty men. The statistics of the Church indicate that the quorums of

seventy are not complete. At the close of the year 1908 the records in

the office of the Presiding Bishopric gave the total number of seventies as eight thousand eight hundred and fiftyfive; thus showing that many

of the quorums do not have the seventy men necessary to a complete quorum.

The First Council of Seventy are anxious to make all the quorums conform to the word of the Lord regarding the number required to make a full quorum. Wherever suitable men can be found, proper steps should

be taken to fill up all vacancies existing in the quorums of the seventy.

The welfare of other quorums from which men are drawn to fill up the ranks of the seventies must be considered, and such requisitions be made as the quorums can meet, without doing them serious injury.

It has been repeatedly impressed upon the presiding seventies, that many of the brethren who are sent out as missionaries, are the very class

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS TABLE. 377

of men to satisfactorily fill the vacancies existing in the various quorums of seventy. The propriety of filling up these quorums is set forth in the

following forceful manner by President Joseph F. Smith:

"I feel like blessing the quorums of the priesthood, every one of them, from the high priests to the deacons. I pray God, my heavenly

Father, to remember them in their organizations, to help them, that they may magnify the priesthood they hold, and do the will of the Father;

that the seventies may be minute men, instant in season and out of season, ready and willing to respond to the calls that are made upon them to go and preach the gospel to the world. Gather in from the elders'

quorums those who have proven themselves worthy, and who have gained experience, and make seventies of them, so that the quorums of the seventies may be replenished; and the aged ones, whose physical condition

will not permit them any longer to do missionary duty in the world, let them be ordained high priests and patriarchs, to bless the people and to minister at home. Gather in the strong, the vigorous, the young, the

ablebodied, who have the spirit of the gospel in their hearts, to fill up the ranks of the seventies, that we may have ministers to preach the gospel to the world. They are needed. We cannot now meet the demand.''*

The instructions given above were imparted under a most remarkable outpouring of the Spirit of God, those who heard President Smith were impressed with the feeling that the word of God had been spoken. The

presidents of the various quorums are instructed to increase the membership of the quorums by making requisitions, as heretofore, and also in the following manner: Whenever selections of young men for missionary

work are made by the bishoprics in a quorum district, presidents should consult together over their qualifications and their worthiness for advancement. Whenever their character, and ability, are such as is set forth

in the quotation from the remarks made by President Smith, let the necessary steps be taken to have them come to Salt Lake recommended for ordination to the office of seventy. This can be accomplished by

respectfully calling the attention of bishops to the natural qualifications of those who fill the requirements. Then ask that they be recommended

to stake presidents, in time to have their names come before the High

Council, and stake priesthood meeting, for endorsement, before they leave home enroute to the mission field. All elders who have been thus

approved according to the rules obtaining in the Church, and who bring a written recommend certifying to the fact that they have been properly endorsed, can be ordained under the hands of members of the First Council when they arrive in Salt Lake City.

The presidents of seventy throughout the Church will give careful

* Conference Report October, 1905, page 95.

378 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

attention to the instructions herein outlined, cooperating in the spirit of the gospel, with bishops and other local authorities, in selecting from proposed missionaries, such as give evidence of being worthy of advancement to the quorums of seventy, a constant stream of men can be brought into our ranks, eminently qualified for the special work of the seventy, without injury being done to any other priesthood organization.

Presidents of quorums should not only be anxious to fill up the quorums, but they should also teach the member to understand the character of the responsibility that rests upon them, and the necessity of cultivating a spirit of willingness to respond to the calls that may be made upon them for the carrying of the go3pel abroad among the nations.

President Joseph F. Smith in speaking of the calling of the seventy,

at a general conference of the Church, said:

"They are minute men. It is expected that they will be ready,

whenever they are called, to go out in the world, or to go out to the various organizations of the Church to fulfil missions and to perform such duties as shall be required of them, in order that the word of the Lord and the work of the ministry may be upheld and sustained and carried on in the Church and throughout the world. * * * * They are called

to an apostolic calling. They are required to be especial witnesses of

the Lord Jesus Christ. It is expected of this body of men that they will

have burning in their souls the testimony of Jesus Christ, which is the spirit of prophecy; that they will be full of light and of the knowledge

of the truth; that they will be enthusiastic in their calling, and in the

cause of Zion, and that they will be ready at any moment, when required, to go out into the world, or anywhere throughout the Church and bear testimony of the truth, preach the gospel of Jesus Christ, and set examples before the world of purity, love, honesty, uprightness and integrity to the truth."*

Once again presidents are earnestly instructed to be watchful and prayerful, in seeking to fill up the quorums, that men may be secured who will respond to the calls made upon them with the promptness and faith outlined in the above quotation.

There are numbers of young men in every stake of the caliber named, seek them out, and bring them into the quorums that "the gifts and callings of God unto them"indicate as their proper place.

* General Conference Report, October, 6, 1904, page 3.

Mutual Work.

The Deseret Gymnasium. This is one of the most notable buildings

now nearing completion. The actual work of construction was commenced

very late in the fall of 1908, and the prospects are that it will be finished early this year.

The building covers a ground area of approximately 90x150 feet, and is in height pretty near the equal of a fivestory building, with a basement below.

Beginning at the bottom, the gymnasium contains as follows:

Basement floor:—Bowling alleys, large locker room with twoteam

room suites, one on either side, each containing team room, rubbing room and shower and toilet rooms, also steam room, drying room, room for the machinery and filters, and a room which may later be used as a barber shop.

Main floor:—Main entrance hallway with an ample stairway in either

side leading both up and down; main locker room with ceiling 18 feet

high, centrally located and well lighted, and with space isolated therefrom, on the one side for private dressing rooms, and on the other side for twelve shower and two tub baths, one large toilet room, an instruction room, and a ladies'hair drying room; two large exercise rooms or

hand ball courts with hallway between leading to south entrance; a large

swimming pool room at the north end; on the north side of the main

entrance hallway, a ladies'locker room with a similar room below; on the

south side of the same hallway the reception room and the office of the

Physical Director.

The Mezzanine floor contains on the south of the entrance hallway a fairly large athletic association room, and on the north a rowing room;

also a gallery running entirely around the swimming pool; and a room

over the hallway leading to the south entrance to be used for the apparatus required for ventilating the building.

The main gymnasium floor contains the main gymnasium room, with two smaller rooms on either side of the hallway.

38 ) IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

Are there any conditions in your ward that make the work in any of the departments of the M.I. A. more difficult than it should be?

Of the main floor the swimming pool is perhaps the most attractive, indeed, it is a question if it will not be the best room in the building.

The pool itself is 30 by 60 feet, with a fivefoot tiled promenade running all around, the depth of water varies from four and a half feet at the east end, to seven feet at the other; but it is so arranged that a less

depth of water can be maintained.

The pool will be equipped with slate steps and brass ladders leading down into it, and a springboard at the deep end.

The walls of the room containing the pool, as also those of the pool itself, will be glazed with white enameled brick, together with the numerous windows, which should make this room a beautiful and most attractive one. In order to increase as much as possible its attractiveness, all the water

in the pool is first to be filtered, so that it, too, should be crystal clear.

Entrance to the pool room is obtained only through the shower room; all who use the pool must first take a shower bath.

By an arrangement of plan which can only be alluded to here, it is possible to shut and lock two doors and thereby isolate the pool and the two ladieslocker rooms from the balance of the building. This will permit the ladies to have reserved to them the swimming pool at certain

intervals, without interfering with the regular work in the remainder of the building.

The visitors gallery above the pool can be enterered only from the main entrance hallway.

Another room which will compete with the swimming pool as being the best in the building, is the main gymnasium on the top floor. This is

certainly a splendid room. Its size is 71 by 146 feet, and it is 32 feet

from floor to underside of trusses. It will have a polished maple floor,

so that it should be as ideal for dancing as for gymnastics. The room

will be amply lighted by large windows on all sides and by an extensive skylight above; and at night by a plentiful array of electric light bulbs.

Other distinguishing features of this room are: first, the permanent

seating gallery nine feet above the floor, providing accommodations for about a thousand people, and supported from the wall columns on the cantilever principle; and second, the running track, above the seating

gallery, having fourteen and onehalf laps to the mile.

Besides the main entrance stairways, other stairways have been provided as follows: a tower staircase on the west side of the building

with landings at all floors—this is to afford easy and private communication for the athletes to all parts of the building, and two iron circular

MUTUAL WORK. 381

staircases leading from the northwest and southwest corners of the main gymnasiums to the seating gallery and runningtrack above.

For quick decent from the runningtrack, two brass sliding poles have been installed, terminating at the main gymnasium floor.

The building is practically fireproof, being built almost entirely of concrete, steel and masonry. It will cost approximately $175,000.

Those who have had charge of the design and erection of the building are Lewis Telle Cannon and Ramm Hanson, architects, and A. P.

Merrill, engineer. Before perfecting their plans, they visited all the

newest and best gymnasiums throughout the United States, in order that they might embody in this one, all that was best. The public will soon

have an opportunity of passing judgment on the completed structure.

officers Questions for Officers.—Presidents of wards and stake

will do well to question themselves as to their work, and the condition of their associations.

Have you organized your committees on study, athletics, field sports, music and drama, and social affairs, library and reading course, conferences and conventions; missionary work; and on reading, debates, contests and lectures? If not, what are you going to do about the matter?

If so, how are they working? What results?

Have your teachers good attention? Is the order in your association good? What are you doing to make it better? Is your association

a factor in the life of your ward? In what respect? Have you any

suggestions to offer for the next season?

Do you know who the chairmen of the committees of the General

Board are who have the different divisions of work in charge? Have you

written to them for suggestions? Have you any suggestions to offer?

Have you any criticisms of the manual? Do you have plenty of

them in the classes?

Have you canvassed your ward for the Era? Have you appointed an

agent, and is he doing his duty? Do the priesthood quorums support

you in getting subscribers?

Have you a committee on athletics? How are you prepared to give

athletic exercises? Do the games bring you a greater enrollment? What

effect have they on the order, lessons, interest?

Have you a committee to take charge of the debating, oration and lecture department? How did you succeed with your efforts to have a

debate? Have you had any readings in the Junior Class?

Is your organization properly graded?

Passing Events.

Jose Madriz was inaugurated president of Nicaragua, December 21, and former president Zelaya has fled to Mexico, where he has been ordered to keep quiet. Madriz was said early in January to be tired of

his charge, and to wish to leave.

The University of Copenhagen announced on December 21, 1909, that the records and observations of the "Dash to the North Pole"submitted by Dr. Cook, fail to establish his claim to the discovery of the

Pole. Dr. Cook has disappeared under the scorching criticism and bitter

shame that has come to him. Some are generous enough to state that

he might have believed honestly that he discovered the Pole, but was selfdeceived.

Frederick Remington, an American painter and sculptor, and author of several volumes of sketches and fiction, died on the 26th of

December, age 48 years. He was a wellknown contributor for Harper's

Weekly, Colliers, Youth's Companion, and other publications, and his sketches reproduced, both in picture and sculpture, types of the wildwest, including Indians, cowboys and wild scenery, all of which he interpreted for the people of the East.

King Leopold II of Belgium died December 17, 1909. He wa s

buried in Brussels, Dec. 22. Born April 8, 1835, he ascended the throne

December 10, 1865, at the death of his father, Leopold I, the uncle and trusted counselor of Queen Victoria, of England. He has become

famous, or shall we say infamous, through his founding, in 1882, the

Kongo Independent state where the slave trade was freely carried on in later years. In the absence of any direct male heir, Leopold's nephew,

Prince Albert I, succeeded to the throne as king of the Belgians, December 23. This young prince is 34 years old and is very popular.

The Nobel prizes this year, which prizes are given as rewards to those who from year to year are thought to have attained the greatest results in various fields of activity for 1909, were awarded in Physics

PASSING EVENTS. 383

to William Marconi, inventor of wireless telegraphy, and Prof. Ferdinand

Braum, director of Physics at the University of Strausberg; in Chemistry, to William Ostwald, professor of Chemistry at Leipzig; for

Physiology and Medicine, to Professor Emil Theodore Kocher of the

University of Berne; for literature, to Selma Lagerlof, a Swedish author.

The peace prize is divided between Baron Constant of France, and Beernert of Belgium. Each prize amounts to $38,672.

The present site of Manti, the Temple City, writes Peter A

Paulson to the Era, was located August 20, 1849, by an exploring party,

Joseph Home, W. W. Philips, Ira Willis, and D. B. Huntington, with

Chief Walker as guide. They entered the valley through Salt Creek

canyon, and were entertained in a most friendly manner by the Indians or Lamanites, numerous at the time. Within a few days the exploring

party returned to Salt Lake City, reporting to President Brigham Young most favorably for the founding of a colony.

A company of about fifty families from Salt Lake City and Centerville organized, and proceeded south that fall, under command of Isaac

Morley, Seth Taft, Charles Shumway and Nelson Higgins. Manti was

selected by them as the site of the first frontier settlement in Central and

Southern Utah. President Young visited the little band, in 1850, and

christened their city Manti, in honor of one of the cities mentioned in the Book of Mormon. He also named the county "Sanpete,"after the

Indian Chief Sanpitch, a prominent character among his tribe at that time. Manti City was incorporated by act of the legislature, in 1851,

and Dan Jones was elected the first mayor.

In 1853, Manti claimed 647 souls out of a population of 765 in the entire county. Since that time the Temple City has steadily pressed

onward through numerous difficulties, until she has now a population of three thousand. Her beautiful temple was dedicated to the Lord in May,

1888. Since then Saints from all parts of the earth have enjoyed the

peaceful influence prevailing there, and received blessings for themselves and for departed relatives and friends by the thousands.

The sixtieth anniversary of the settlement of Manti, claimed by some to be August 19, 1849, was celebrated November 22, 23 and 24, 1909, Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday. More than five hundred people attended from various parts of the Union: Boston, Mass.,

Arizona, Wyoming, Idaho, Oregon and other states, and Canada. Representatives, besides, from many of the cities and towns in Utah made

up the happy gathering on "Home Coming Day."All the living pioneers of Manti, during the first ten years of her existence, were the

guests of the city during the three days'celebration. A bureau of

384 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

information was established, writes Peter A. Paulson to the Era, where

all pioneers and visitors were invited to register and to gather. Every

convenience within the reach of the efficient committees having the mammoth undertaking in charge was supplied. One hundred

and ninetysix badges of honor were distributed to those persons who were residents of Manti during the ten years from 1849 to 1859. The

veterans impressed the youth of the land with the faith they must have possessed to enable them to endure the trials of these early days of sixty years blessed days of unity they were. ago—yet

Monday, November 22, was "Home Coming Day;"given over to the

entertaiament of the pioneers and visitors, to renew old acquaintance and to see the sights. A splendid concert in the tabernacle in the evening

was attended by more than twelve hundred people. Tuesday was "Pioneer Day."The guests at the tabernacle heard a unique program, consisting of interesting reminiscences, given principally by the veterans, of

experiences in Manti sixty years ago. Musical numbers and readings by

some of the later generations of the Temple City were interspersed. In

the afternoon the Daughters of the Pioneers and others entertained nearly three hundred of the veterans and their escorts at a banquet in the opera house. The entertainment concluded with toasts and responses

by the early pioneers, who related many interesting accounts of the battles with the Lamanites, their advantages, or rather disadvantages, for gaining an education, their amusements, and numerous anecdotes most interesting and amusing to the younger people. Wednesday was given

over to the school children, and was termed "Governor's Day,"but

Governor William Spry could not be present. An interesting talk was

given by State Superintendent of Schools, A. C. Nelson, who represented

His Excellency. This meeting, held in the high school building, was

attended by a large congregation of school children and veterans. The

celebration concluded with a dramatic entertaiment of pioneer days, in the opera house.

Of the first company of pioneers who settled Manti in 1849, Ezra

Shomaker, Azariah Smith, William B. Richey, Adelia B. Cox Sidwell,

Mary Lowry Peacock, Chelnecha Hambleton Jolley Tuttle, Esther Smith

Andersen, Jerusha Shomaker Billings, and Lucy Allen Cox, are now residents of the city. The successful entertainment was attended by

many former residents who had been"absent from Manti nearly fifty years. President Anthon H. Lund represented the First Presidency, and

in the tabernacle gathering related some interesting history of the early days.

The Remington AutoLoading Shotgun "b patent? j

rf;

It was the Remington AutoLoading Shotgun, in the hands of an amateur, that won the recent Grand American Handicap against 495 contestants. It is the

PERFECT gun for trap and field.

Send for our 150 page catalog; it is free. We have "Everything for Every

Sport in Every Season."

BROWNING BROS. CO, Ogden, Utah

SONGS OF ZION No turning of leaves while singing, Every song complete on the open page, Order sample copy. Price, cloth postpaid 35c

Send orders to 214 Templeton BIdg, Salt Laka City

Manual BLOCKELECTRIC Sets SIGNALPROTECTION 1$ We have a limited number of complete sets of Manuals up When You Travel to and including Manuals for EAST I 908-9 bound in sets of four VIA City volumes, cloth, for sale at, Ticket per set—cash Office

with order—$1.00 201

J We will pay 50 cents per Main copy for No. 7 Manual "New Street

Witnesses for God,"if in good condition. '

"The OberUnd Route Address: Four trains daily over one of the best ballasted tracks in the counImprovement try in the most comfortable cars money and care can provide. Bra

2022 Bishops Building, This assures - -

Salt Lake Gity TRAVEL COMFORT TRAVEL SAFETY

("When writing to Advertisers, please mention the ERA.)

Ask for Z. G. L M

Factory Shoes

New lasts have been added enabling us to turn out the very latest styles. We still maintain the same

standard of quality excellence for which we are renowned.

Our Boys and Girls SCltOOl ShOeS

School Shoes keep the feet warm and dry..

"Mountaineer Overalls"Are honestly made, Don't Rip.

Ask for them.

You can't afford not to It is so much easier to pay a little at a time

That's why we decided to, sell Victors on the easypayment plan.

You ought to have a VIGTOR in your home today. You can afford it. In fact,

under the circumstances, you can't afford not to.

WRITE CONSOLIDATED MUSIC CO.

SALT LAKE CITY Successors to Clayton -Daynes Music Co.. Beesley Music Co., D.

O. Calder's Sons Co., Clayton

Music Co., DaynesRomney Music Co.,

The Daynes Music Company.

-sji;:. iJt