Improvement

MAY, 1926

ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD

QUORUMS,THEYOUNG MENS.

MUTUAL IMPROVEMENTASSOCIAr TIONS AND THE SCHOOLS OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF vv LATTERDAY SAINTS wvww PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE GENERAL BOARD YMMXA SALT LAKE CITY UTAH; GO VIA SAN FRANCISCO TO LOS ANGELES 4ND RETURN. IT COSTS NO MORE TO SEE ALL OF

CALIFORNIA IN ONE COMPLETE TRIP VIA Southern Pacific Lines 52 THREE TRAINS DAILY FROM SALT LAKE CITY AND OGDEN

PROPORTIONATELY LOW FARE FROM ALL OTHER POINTS IN

UTAH, IDAHO AND MONTANA STOPOVERS ALLOWED AT ALL POINTS. TICKETS ON SALE DAILY

For complete Information, Tickets and Reservations, Call Phone or Wriu.

P. BANCROFT, General Agent.

41 South Main Street Wasatch 3008 Wasatch 3078

DINWOODEY'S The Oldest Continuous Business in Utah

The furniture, the store, the organization are always ready, and fully prepared to render its patrons a broad, valuable service. The store is

filled with the most complete and varied display of exceptional merchandise we have ever assembled. Reserved stocks crowd our

warehouses to overflowing. No matter where you live, or what your

home furnishing requirements may be, we are prepared to serve you, and at prices much lower than you would expect to pay.

Remember you always pay less at Dinwoodey's

ESTABLISHED 1857 DINWOODEY'S "GOOD FURNITURE"

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THE SOUL'S CAPTAIN

By Orson F. Whitney

(A Reply to William Ernest Henley's Poem "Invictus,"ending with the line, "I am the Captain of my Soul.")

Art thou in truth? Then what of him

Who bought thee with his blood?

Who plunged into devouring seas

And snatched thee from the flood?

Who bore for ail our fallen race

What none but him could bear.—

The God who died that man might live,

And endless glory share?

Of what avail thy vaunted strength,

Apart from his vast might?

Pfay that his Light may pierce the gloom.

That thou mayest see aright.

Men are as bubbles on the wave.

As leaves upon the tree.

Thou, captain of thy soul, forsooth!

Wh6 gave that place to thee?

Free will is thine—free agency,

To wield for right or wrong;

But thou must answer unto him To whom all souls belong.

Bend to the dust that head "unbowed,"

Small part of Life's great whole!

And see in him, and him alone,

The Captain of thy soul.

IN HAWAII

Above: Old chapel at Waimea, Hawaii.Center: At the Diamond Anniversary celebration Kalihi chapel—December 13,

1925.

Below: The Hawaiian Temple. Note title, "Laie Temple,"in the flowers at the

bottom.

Improvement Era

Vol. XXIX MAY, 1926 No. 7

DIAMOND JUBILEE OF MISSIONARY

EFFORT IN HAWAII By Francis J. Russell, Mission Secretary

The people of the Hawaiian islands, though as heterogeneous as sandpaper and velvet, are as genial as the weather, and their broad tolerance and their readiness to appreciate are as refreshing as the ocean breezes. The success of the "Mormon"Church in the reclamation of

the Hawaiian people is freely acknowledged and freely praised throughout the islands. The fact that one is a "Mormon"has a credit value.

The newspapers display an eager and sympathetic interest in the affairs of the Church. When a mission president comes or goes, the municipal

brass band comes to greet him or to bid him farewell. The temple

is already a tourists'Mecca and with the islands fast becoming a playground for all America, Hawaii is probably now second only to Salt

Lake City as a strategic point for the spreading of the gospel. I have

often thought that at least in some ways, our people are more highly appreciated here than they are at home.

The present happy state of affairs is, however, no accident! The

story of the founding of the Hawaiian mission, seventyfive years ago, of its early struggles and final triumph against great odds, is one of the most thrilling chapters in the history of the Church and of the islands.

At the Fall conference of 1850, only three years and three months after the historic migration of the Saints into the heart of the wilderness, when the problem of ekeing a living from the soil was still a grim experiment, Brigham Young, with the restless urge that has characterized "Mormonism"since its inception, called ten Elders to open up a mission in the Sandwich Island. The ten called were: Hiram Clark,

Thomas Whittle, Henry W. Bigler, Thomas Morris, John Dixon,

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter.

Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in Section 1 103, Act of October 3, 1917, authorized 'on July 2, 1918, $2 per annum.

Address Room 406, Church Office Building, Salt Lake City. Utah.

614 IMPROVEMENT ERA

OLD CHURCH BUILDINGS IN HAWAII

Left: Old L. D. S. Church at Pulehu, Maui, where first baptisms were performed.

Right: Old chapel at Lahaina.

William Farrcr, James Hawkins, Hiram Blackwell, George Q. Cannon

and James Keeler.

It was on the morning of December 12, 1850, that the ten missionaries stepped ashore at Honolulu from the schooner Imaum of

Muscat after a wearisome journey of some seven weeks by land and sea from Salt Lake City. They were without friends or even acquaintances; and, worse still, were without funds. After securing quarters,

they passed through the city to the mountains beyond, where, on a rocky eminence, they built an altar and poured out their thanks to God for their safe arrival, dedicating the land and themselves to his service.

Elder Cannon remarks on this occasion: "The sun was sinking low

in the heavens when we got through. Our descent was quickly made

for we felt joyful. * * * We had been in the presence of the

Lord, and had felt his power, and why should we not be happy?"

Such was their unostentatious beginning.

Elder Clark was the one who had been chosen to preside. It appears that he was sensitive about the exercise of his authority. There

were five islands to be worked. He did not like to pair the missionaries off or to dictate to which of the islands they should go. They

DIAMOND JUBILEE, HAWAII 615

NEW CHAPELS IN HAWAII

Top: New Chapel and Mission Home at Itana, Maui.

Bottom: Chapel at Niulii, Kahala. Typical of our modern chapels the

country districts.

prevailed upon him, however, to select four besides himself to preside.

Cuts were drawn for the choice of islands and each presiding elder selected his partner. Elder Cannon drew first choice, selecting Elder

Keeler as his companion, and the island of Maui as their field of labor.

Elders Bigler and Morris went to Molokai, Elders Dickson and Farrer to Kauai, Elders Hawkins and Blackwell to Hawaii, and, of course, the

President and his companion, Elder Whittle, remained on Oahu.

Among the natives, the Calvin church had acquired the prestige of a state religion. Their missionaries had been in the islands since

616 IMPROVEMENT ERA

1820, and as they were the first bearers of the Christian message, they were looked upon as patentees, while those coming later were more or lessinfringers. It is a puzzling coincidence that the Calvin missionaries landed at Kailua (the old capital), and met the King, Liholiho,

about the time that Joseph Smith was having his vision of the Father and the Son, April 4-6, 1820. To this day, they are regarded as

the Columbusesi, Washingtons and Lincolns of the Hawaiian commonwealth; but this feeling has generously spread to include missionaries

in general, regardless of denomination, for Hawaii isi a missionaryde- veloped state, and the Latterday Saints are noted for their contribution to this development in their accomplishments of bettering the conditions of the natives.

Much credit is due these early missionaries in preparing the way for the true gospel of Christ. They reduced the language to writing,

translated the Bible, and taught the people Christianity. And in addition they were from dear old New England, the prolific mother of

teachers and reformers and the physical birthplace of "Mormonism."

Returning to our story, the missionary efforts with the whites were all but fruitless; as George Q. Cannon tells us, "We soon became satisfied that if we confined our labors to the whites, our mission

to these islands would be a short one."

A crisis came. Their money was entirely gone, and they were

accomplishing no good. The Elders were called to Honolulu for consultation and conference. Either they must move to more fruitful fields,

or they must acquire the strange tongue and attempt to wedge through the Calvincharged circle.

A man also came to meet the crisis in the person of George Q.

Cannon. He was then but twentyfour years but his leadership

was soon recognized. He surprised the elders in Honolulu by his

remarkable progress in the language. During his short stay on Maui,

he had learned that the natives were a noble and lovable people, and

1when the proposition of moving on or returning home was submitted, he made this epochal reply:

"You may all return who choose, but I am going to Temain, for the voice of the Lord has come to me telling me that there is a people here who are choice in his sight, and many will hear the message we bear, and will receive it with good honest hearts, so, therefore, I cannot return and do justice to my calling."

His words carried the spiritual destiny of a nation. Elders

Dickson, Blackwell and Whittle returned to their homes in Utah and

Elder Clark, the President, left shortly afterwards for the Marquesas islands. The remaining Elders went to their tasks with an energy that

was inspired, and in a surprisingly short time had mastered the language and had learned to eat and to like poi, for one was as important as the other.

It was a happy day for Elder Cannon when he feltj sufficiently armed in the language to go among the people. Much as he loved

DIAMOND JUBILEE. HAWAII 617

his companions at Lahaina, the restless urge was on him to go, go, go.

He had faith adequate for any occasion, and it was with a merry heart that he set out on a tour of the island. The first town he

reached of any size was Wailuku, a distance of twentytwo miles, but let him tell his own story:

"There were some missionaries living there, and I was hoping to get an opportunity of being introduced to them, for I had made it a rule never to pass a missionary without bearing testimony to him respecting my mission. I had scarcely passed the town when I felt strongly impressed to return,

the spirit telling me that I would meet two natives who would receive my message, and that I should have an opportunity to meet the missionary in charge. As I passed the church yard, two halfwhite women emerged

from a house near by, and when they saw me they called to some men who "were in the house, 'Eka haole,'which means 'Oh, the white man.'

For some reason not directly apparent, the call was repeated and repeated, causing Elder Cannon to pause and look around. Two men

came out to meet him who proved to be the ones he was seeking. When

he had made known his business, they welcomed him in to share their hospitality. A delightful conversation ensued, and they proposed

that they all go up and see the missionary, which was just what Elder

Cannon had wished.

Under the circumstances, the missionary could not do otherwise than receive him with courtesy and the meeting and the conversation were pleasant. Some weeks later, when Cannon returned, he found

that the missionary had been viciously spreading falsehoods against the cause he represented. At one of his meetings, at which Elder

Cannon happened to be present, he gave an entirely false statement as to the cause of the death of the Prophet Joseph, and warned the people against Elder Cannon. As may easily be imagined, Elder Cannon was nettled: He writes:

"When the services were over, I walked around to the pulpit where he stood. He knew we had been in the islands but a short time, and I believe,

had no idea that I could understand what he said; when he saw me, therefore,

his face turned pale, and to me he looked like a man who had been caught in a mean low act. I told him I wanted to give him, correct information

respecting the things he had told the people that morning, that he might remove the effect of the lies he had repeated to them; for, I said, they were

base lies, and I was a living witness that they were * * * I bore him a solemn testimony respecting the prophet Joseph Smith, and the truth of the work, adding that I would stand as a witness against him at the judgment seat of God, for having told the people lies and refusing to tell them the truth when it had been shown to him."

Such is the first recorded skirmish in < establishing the restored gospel of Jesus Christ in the Hawaiian islands. George Q. Cannon's

manly and definite stand with his enlightened and vivid reasoning won the hearts of the natives.

The "charged circle"was wedged!

From that time on, converts were made by the hundreds. Victory

never tasted so sweet to any conqueror as it tasted to these humble 618 IMPROVEMENT ERA

missionaries who had been deserted by four of their companions including the mission president. What they lacked in food, the Lord

made up to them in the goodly degree of his Spirit bestowed upon them.

What they had to eat and where they slept were matters of indifference to them. They were happy and they rejoiced as they had never

rejoiced before. Dreams, visions and revelations were given to them

and the communion of the Spirit was most sweet and encouraging.

The translation of the Book of Mormon into the Hawaiian language was commenced by Elder George Q. Cannon in the latter

KAMEHAMEHA III

Second son of Kamehameha I, who occupied the throne when the first L. D. S. missionaries arrived. An

able and fairminded monarch, who protected our missionaries.

part of January, 1851, scarcely six weeks after his arrival, December 12, 1850. It was finished July 12, 1853. He was) assisted by

Brother J. H. Napela, i an educated and intelligent Hawaiian who

thoroughly understood his own language and could give the exact meaning of words. The translation was most carefully revised to

obliterate all chance of doubtful meanings, and published in San

Francisco in 1855. The book is said to be a gem in purity of diction.

Since the first baptism, an Hawaiian named Paloi, at Pulehu, Maui, more than 30,000 have joined the Church, of which 14,000 are on the

DIAMOND JUBILEE, HAWAII 619

records of members now living, which includes about onethird of the total native population. The work has spread to every village and

hamlet in the islands', the number of branches now totalling sixtyfive.

In addition to the temple, valued at $250,000 and the Church plantation of some 6,500 acres, the property of the mission is now valued at $200,000, which figure includes fortynine chapels, and six mission homes.

The number of missionaries who have labored in the islands is now 686, including sixty now in the field. In individual time, this

amounts to 1,750 years. Valuing each missionary's time at $2.50 per

day and adding to this the average cash expense of each mission filled, which was $700, the missionary contribution to the cause amounts to $2,500,000. And this does not include the time, money and assistance donated to the cause by hundreds of faithful Saints.

On the credit side of the ledger a most choice branch of the house of Israel has been found and is being redeemed; a temple offers

them the means of attaining to the highest glory, and the countless material blessings which come from clean and intelligent living are being felt.

The 75th anniversary of the arrival of the first "JVJormon"missionaries was fittingly celebrated in all the branches of the Church in the mission. Suitable programs, and a well written historical pageant

were presented in Honolulu and Laie with beautiful music. This

pageant was written, staged and produced entirely by missionary talent.

Honolulu, T. H.

REV. DANIEL T. CONDE

This is the American Board missionary with whom Geo. Q.

Cannon had controversy.

HAROLD DINGIT'S WILD RIDE By David Horatio Morgan

[A gripping boy and horse story, showing that one can often turn a bad situation into an advantageous one, and come out winner, by the application of courage, grit, and the ability to see an opportunity. Editors.]

A door creaked open and Harold Dingit, still sleepyeyed but with a look of determination, emerged from the saddle! shed with a bridle

hanging over his shoulder. Day was just breaking and the air was

cool and frosty with a fragrance of Spring. He shoved his hands

into his overalls pocketsi to his elbows. From beneath a flapping hat

peeped out one big brown eye.;

At the corral gate he was stopped by a voice from out of the darkness, "Hello, Kid, where are you going?"

"Is that you, Aught? I was going down to the pasture to get

a horse. Why?"

"Now, see here, Kid; you haven't been to breakfast yet and you're

up to something. Out with it."

Harold dug the toe of his boot into the dirt. "I don't know

that I have to tell you everything!"

"No, you don't have to tell me everything, but this is important, for boys around this ranch are not in the habit of getting up before day and wrangling a horse before breakfast unless he is made to.

Spit it out 'cause you promised your Ma and Pa you wouldn't do anything without telling me first."

Harold hesitated for a second, thinking over his promise, then he said rather lamely, "I saw Lightfoot the other day and she's got a colt."Aught Goodwin did not suppress his laugh and it did not offend the boy, for the big cowman always laughed, except when he was angry, and then he thundered. Once he thundered when a cowboy

kicked Harold, and no one who knew ever tried it again.

"Well, I'm sure tickled to hear that; but what are you going

to it?"There was a smile behind the question. "Nobody do—catch

has ever had a hoss around here that's fast enough to get a brand on

Lightfoot since she was a colt."

There was still determination in the faltering reply; was "I—I

going to see where she's watering and feeding and hiding out during the day.""Well now, I can tell you most all that. She's most likely

watering at the spring above Rafell tank; she's feeding at night in

Sycamore Basin; and where she's hiding out ain't where no cowpuncher has ever found out, unless it's in them red sandstone peaks

where a billy goat can't climb. What color is the colt; is it a hoss

HAROLD DINGIT'S WILD RIDE 621

colt?"At this turn in the questioning the boy's square jaws relaxed

and the brows lifted.

"Yes, a horse colt and the blackest, shiniest little fellow you ever saw. Aught, he's; built just like Fresno. I sure would like to have

him."The foreman eyed Harold keenly and he said, "Now see here,

Kid, there is* one law that holds good among all young animals wants another to play with him until the otherand I know it—one

wants to boss, then one's going to get frisky. You might get a rope

on that colt all right, but you ain't; big enough yet to bring him in,

better leave that job for a grown man. Besides you can't keep up

to Lightfoot's dust; and she's the beatenest hoss to hide out what was

ever in these mountains."

"If I should find where she is hiding out, will you help me rope the colt?"Harold persisted, knowing his big friend's weakness to

humor after a scolding; and, also, he knew the foreman's untiring

delight to run wild horses.

"I sure will, but see here, boy, that mare hasn't a scratch on her in the shape of a brand and she runs somewhat on the Bar Heart's range, and them polecats over there ain't got much truck with us

Three Slashers, and if you get caught on their range you might gei hurt."With this admonition the foreman turned in through the

gate, leaving Harold to his own decision.

Reluctantly the boy hung the bridle on the gate and started to the kitchen for breakfast. He did not want to displease Aught but

at the same time he felt confident that the colt could be caught, and if once gotten into the corral the breaking would be would easy—he

train and break it before it became vicious!. He reasoned, that with

the inherited swiftness and wildness of its mother Lightfoot, the fire and blood of its sire Fresno, if it were left running wild upon the range for three years, the little black would rather die than submit to the rough breaking by the cowboys.

In all rights Lightfoot and her colt belonged to the Three Slash ranch, for she had been taken by Aught Goodwin when she was a young colt herself, but she had not been branded. Now she ran

as much on the Bar Heart range as on that of the Three Slash, and it remained only a question of time until some one would be able to 1 the property of her captor.brand her and she would thus become

As the boy walked back to the! house there flashed to his mind

the words of a motto which hung upon the rough board walls of his bunk room; "All things come to him who goes after the thing the

other fellow is waiting for."

This was a clinching argument in favor of Harold's desire to possess the colt and he resolved to try. Stopping suddenly in the

half light of the early morning as if he had met the idea there face to face in the trail, he said. "Now if I wait I won't get a look in, but

622 IMPROVEMENT ERA

if I go after that colt and get, him, won't it be just like that motto says, and I just bet I win!''

After breakfast, facing the danger of being caught on the Bar

Heart range, Harold went to the would find where Lightcorral—he

foot was hiding out and then later Aught would help catch the colt.

He slipped the bridle over Big Blue's head and throwing a coiled wildhorse lariat over the horn of the saddle climbed up. Down

the steep bank into the river he rode and splashed through the cold water. He took the little trail through the sand flats and into Salt

Ground canyon; climbed the side of the mountains and disappeared

among the cedars to the east.

The sun was not an hour high when Harold dismounted and concealed his horse among the rocks and trees in the edge of Sycamore

Basin. It was a rough and wild section of the mountains and seldom

visited by the cowpunchers.

Harold cautiously exposed only a part of his head, so anxious was he to catch Lightfoot unaware and feeding. Long minutes

he lay on his stomach without moving, staring at the picture he saw.

Not more than one hundred paces away was the mare with her baby colt dancing and frolicking about. It reared upon its tiny heels shaking

its pretty black head, and lunged forward kicking high in the air from side to side. Lightfoot raised her head anxiously, pricking her

delicate ears and sniffed the air nervously. She kept grazing nearer

and nearer the rocks.

"She is getting ready to leave,"Harold thought half aloud.

"I hope she doesn't scent me."

From the far end of the valley came a shrill whinny of alarm, and Harold saw the great stallion Fresno, a flame in the sunshine, his proud neck arched high and defiant. Lightfoot jumped, startled,

pranced about looking in every direction, the colt trotting at her side.

There was a clattering of hoofs in the rocks among the cedars on the opposite side of the meadow, drowned by the bloodcurdling cries of a score of cowboys. The riders came hemming in swinging

their lariats. Lightfoot started straight for the opening where Harold

riderswere in sight here. But this was all a trick for imlay—no

mediately the brush crashed just to Harold's left and Big Sid of the

Bar Heart ranch plunged down upon the colt, swinging a noose for which he was famed never to miss in throwing.

Harold's hope vanished of ever getting the little black and he bit his lips in resignation of hisloss, but he was game.

He had no time to think, for Lightfoot was plunging straight ahead and would trample him to death in the rocks if he did not get out of her way.

Big Sid was not more than fifty feet away, he meant to catch the colt, a few feet more and he would let fly the loop. The boy sprang

HAROLD DINGIT'S WILD RIDE 623

up to save himself; Lightfoot saw him and the rope and ducked in

between her baby and the rider, and was gone.

Big Sid saw what he supposed had turned the mare and thought it had been done intentionally. Still swinging his rope he rode up.

An angry gleam shone in his eyes as he recognized a Three Slasher.

"I'll catch something!"he roared, and let fly the loop, taking

Harold off his feet and throwing him upon the ground.

"Come ear mark this varmint from the Three Slash,"he roared again. "He made me miss my throw. Under bit to the left and crop

to the right. Put a Bar Heart on him so as to show he's been or

our range."He bellowed this out, but with a significant wink as the

other riders came up.

"Who you got, Sid?"asked a big tall cowboy in angora chaps;

riding up and squinting down.

"He's that dogy kid what's an orphan over on the Three Slash.

He's Aught Goodwin's pet; and I reckonhe's got him broke plumb

gentle now, riding on our range, trying to steal our colts'. Shorty,

you just,get down and put thei Bar Heart ear mark on him. Maybe

Goodwin won't claim him when he sees him with our ear mark on,"he said this with a malicious grin, intending to frighten Harold into giving up some range secret.

A bowlegged cowpuncher with a red face slid down from the back of a big roan with monkeylike agility. Taking a huge knife

from the pocket of his flapping chaps so that the boy could see it, he waddled stiffkneed over to where Harold lay helpless upon his back. There was apparently no mercy in the fellow's preeyes—he

tended to put into execution what he had been ordered to do, and he sat about it as if the boy were nothing more than a calf. He

set one spurred boot upon Harold's neck, stooped over and took one ear between his fingers.

"Wait there, pardner!"yelled the man with angora chaps; interfering at the proper time to appear as Harold's protector, "Give the

kid a chance to talk for himself, maybe he knows something."

No amount of threatening, however, could make Harold talk, and Big Sid said, "This here Squeezicks ain't going to say nothing.

He's a Three Slasher; tie him on a hoss and run him home."

Further speech was interrupted by the fierce challenge of Fresno, a Three Slash horse, as he came drumming across the Basin, attracted by the other horses. Two cowpunchers rode out and covered the

pass behind an ambush, where they easily roped the stallion as he came thundering through.

Big Sid turned to Harold and said, "What are you now, Kid, a

Three Slasher or a Bar Heart man?"He knew the answer he would

get before he asked the question, but it gave him an excuse for sending the boy home lashed on the back of Fresno. Also here was a way of

624 IMPROVEMENT ERA

showing his unfriendliness to a rival, and with no particular danger of bringing the law down upon himself.

The cowboy took his foot off Harold's neck and gave him a chance to say, "You can't fool me, you big duffers, I wouldn't be a

Bar Heart puncher for all the cattle and horses on yourf range."He

tried to get up but the rope pinned him down and held him fast.

1 it was best to say little and take whatever prank they putHe knew upon him without a struggle, but it angered! him and he threatened

them, "If you tie me on that horse, Aught Goodwin will), get you."

The boy's threat satisfied Big Sid that this would be the best way to strike at Goodwin and he called out, "Bring up that horse;

we'll tie this varmint on and drive him back to his keeper."

Fresno was led up, pawing and nickering, impatient to follow

Lightfoot and the other mares of his herd. He was not a wild

stallion for he had been raised upon the Three Slash ranch and broken to the saddle before he had been turned out to become a leader of a band. Being broken he could be driven to the ranch without much

1 lead his whole herd into the corral where suchdifficulty and would young horses were taken as were fitted for breaking.

Harold knew that Aught Goodwin had almost completed the horse roundup on the Three Slash range and was now somewhere in the vicinity of Sycamore Basin, but Fresno had not been seen, neither had Lightfoot. It was the custom that all the horses ranging

in the mountains on the north side of the river were run into a deep canyon where they were herded until the last day of the gather before they were driven into corrata at the ranch. Big Sid) knew this custom,

too, and fearing Lightfoot and the little black might be captured he bad planned her taking in Sycamore Basin, but she had escaped him and now he wished to avenge himself upon Harold, by sending him bound into Aught Goodwin's camp or back to the ranch.

Big Sid commanded, "Throw this new model cowpuncher up there now,"loosening his rope several other men caught hold of the boy and raised him up on Fresno's back.

"You better let me go!"Harold threatened. "If you hurt me

or Fresno, Aught will clean up on the whole bunch of you!"At

the same time he gave a vigorous kick with one foot. The shortlegged puncher was just high enough to stop the blow with his head

and he sat down ungracefully in a cactus, howling with the pain.

"You better cut that out!"cautioned the tall cowboy, "Or

you will get your ears split yet."But the yelping puncher was too

busy carefully pulling cactus spines to add anything more to the wild escapade of his companions.

Harold was placed up on some saddle padding; his> hands were

felt free. His feet were pulled down and bound together under the

horse. Sid inspected the knots, and taking from his pocket a piece

of chalk, wrote on the boy's chaps, "Caught stealing horses on the

HAROLD DINGIT'S WILD RIDE 625

Bar Heart range,"saying with a sneer, "I'm sending a message to your keeper, kid, and I hope he gets it."

A chorus of laughs went up at the joke, and Yavapai Red, a tall, sunburned man said, "Sid, the paper you write your note on ain't worth the words, but if you hurry this express pony along maybe Goodwin'11 get it before it fades,"and he read the message aloud.

It"was more than Harold could stand, "It's a lie!"he shrieked.

"Sycamore Basin is no more on your range than 'tis on ours, and that mare belongs to us though she has never been branded."

"How you do chatter,"broke in the youngest puncher.

"Cut it out,"yelled a big fellow. "I've no stomach for this

child's play. Start the band, Sid, and let's get gone."

Fresno was led to the edge of the cedars and set free. The

cowboys began to shout and make a great noise to frighten the stallion, but he was fearless. At first he trotted along easily, sniffing the

ground, and throwing his fine muzzle high in the air, whinnying shrilly. Harold gripped the horse's mane and took note of the

direction.

The cowpunchers being unable to frighten the horse by their shouts, rode up along side and) began to lash him with the knotted ends of their lariats.

The lashings enraged the stallion and laying back his ears half turned to fight, but taking another course, he began to increase his speed and like some mighty machine tore recklessly through the cedars, losing his tormentors upon the trail. Fainter and fainter became the shouts of the cowboys until Fresno's breathing filled the

void.

Mile after mile the great stallion ran, heedless of his burden or the projecting branches. Harold was scratched in a myriad of places.

He tried to quiet the horse and slow him down with coaxings and commands but it was useless, for the stallion would entertain only the idea of overtaking his fleeing herd. "When he overtakes the

horses then maybe I can make him drive Lightfoot to the ranch or into

Aught's roundup herd,"Harold reasoned hopefully.

At last, Fresno silowed down to a walk and stopped. For a

long time he listened until his breathing came freer, always turning his head) from one side to the other to catch the faintest sound. He

whinnied long and shrill, sniffed the ground and walked slowly on, his heaving flanks flecked with lather. Constantly he scented the

trail, but continued to walk, satisfied now that he was not far behind his mates.

Harold wondered where he would be borne before he would be able to turn Fresno's head toward the ranch. He could tell something of the direction and thought he knew the place. But his

temples throbbed, he ached and was sore. There seemed to be no

626 IMPROVEMENT ERA

rescue outside of Aught's camp or the ranch. Where would Fresno

take him; how long could he hold out? Then the horse stopped

suddenly and there floated upon the air just the least perceptible note of a far off whinny, but the horse was the first to detect the mate call, although it sounded miles and miles away, somewhere to the south, but the boy knew not where. For a moment Fresno stood rigid,

listening, his keen ear measuring distance and direction. Then like

a mighty bellows, his great chest heaved and trembled and Harold marveled. The muzzle flew up, the nostrils quivered, a ringing blast

went out to the south in answer to the far away call, sending assurance across the rocky canyons and down the wooded slopes.

Harold's breast swelled with admiration and would hope—Fresno

find Lightfoot and. With a bound the great horse tore into then—

a run.

After several miles, through the brush, over rocks and fallen trees Fresno slowed down whinnying viciously and striking the ground with his forefeet in had overtaken his herd, and was rage—he

fretted because his mates h2d forsaken him.

Harold tried to see Lightfoot and the little black. He could hear

the other horses running all about, but they were scattered through the brush. He could/ see only a few of them. Then the boy knew

from Fresno's actions that the mares were trying to scatter again and get had scented a human being or seen a rider upon their away—they

lord's back.

Now it comes time for head work Harold told himself, and passing a low limb he broke a switch which he used to guide Fresno from side to side by tapping him upon the cheek. Around and

around the horse circled, driving the stray ones into a trail.

"Go to it, old boy!"Harold encouraged, "I know where we

can't be more than a mile from Aught's camp,"and heare—we

crowded the horse more to the right. "I sure hope Lightfoot's in

the bunch."

Harold had difficulty in driving the stallionT for he was mad, he tore and bit the unruly mares, sending the whole band like the wind down a long ridge. At a sharp bend Harold looked down ahead, and

his heart thrilled for there was the long string of horses trotting and leaping over the rocks in the narrow trail; and there, too, in the lead,

was Lightfoot and at her heels trotted the little black. The boy

suddenly became tired, he was making a wonderful fight but would he win?

That last mile seemed like a million; would Fresno's band go

peaceably into the roundup herd as horses do from instinct? Harold

closed his eyes to try to rest and to think. When he looked up again

he saw far down the slope a great bunch of Aught's roundup horses;

he saw the perpendicular walls of rock, the natural corral. Then he

saw the cowboys steal quickly out on their horses to help him. He

HAROLD DINGIT'S WILD RIDE 627

urged Fresno on, making him drive his band into Hell's canyon, into

Wild Horse trap, into Aught Goodwin's holdup bunch of the roundup, and Harold smiled in spite of his fatigue, "I did win."

Claremont, Calif.

A Mother's Worth

Boy, love and cherish Mother, Her value you'll know never

And learn to know her worth. While God wills she should stay,

To you there's no such other But when death those bonds sever

Who graces this fair earth. New thoughts will come your way.

Your welfare is her pleasure; 'Tis then you'll know your Mother,

For you she bore death's pain, The dearest soul on earth,

And for her boy, her treasure, Has loved you as no other.

She'd sink near death again. Then, boy, you'll know her worth.

You can't afford to slight her; Then while your mother lingers,

Don't ever wear a frown, Don't fail to give her flowers,

But make each day seem brighter That speak your whole soul's giving,

By living anger down. 'Twill cheer her clouded hours.

Yes! make her life a heaven, Let heart to heart be blended;

Tell her you know her worth, Yes! love her as no other.

For God to you has given For when her life is ended,

In her, the best on earth. Your friend, you'll find, was Mother.

Los Angeles. O. F. URSENBACH.

Motherhood A baby fair, The ties that bind,

A jewel rare, The hearts entwined

Asleep beside its mother. Are held by this wee treasure.

Her face ashine With sweet content

With light divine Those hearts are bent

Uneaualed by another. To make its life a pleasure.

A fairy charm O, Motherhood!

All pink and warm The great, the good,

Brings joy and love and laughter, Will sing thy praises ever.

For mother dear Thy suffering hours,

A comfort here Thy mystic powers,

To have forever after. Will be forgotten—never.

Mt. Pleasant, Utah Alberta L. Jacobs

ORATORY, POESY AND PROPHECY By Orson F. Whitney

III

Poesy is the power by which we appreciate and sympathize with all that is! good, pure, true, beautiful and sublime. That high

sense of right which scorns all wrong; the sword and balance of

Eternal Justice; the voice of Mercy pleading for the fallen; the tongue

of Truth heralding salvation and reform; the oracle of Liberty proclaiming freedom to the oppressed; the thunderbolt of retribution

that lays the tyrant is the Spirit of these things. low;—poesy Beware, therefore, how you say that you do not like poetry,

lest you paint your own portrait in uncanny colors, confessing your-

1:self to be one of those of whom Shakespeare says

The man that hath no music in himself,

Nor is not moved with concord of sweet sounds,

Is fit for treasons, stratagems and spoils;

The motions of his spirit are dull as night,

And his affections dark as Erebus,

Let no such man be trusted.

Poetry is music of languages; but that is not music—the

all, nor most. It is the music of thought, the melody of sentiment, the harmony of the human with the divine; deep answering to deep, man's soul attuned to and in unison with the mind

and heart of the melodious universe. "All inmost things aremelodious,"says Carlyle—"naturally utter themselves in song.""It

is a man's sincerity and depth of vision that makes him a poet. See

deep enough and you see musically, the heart of nature being everywhere music, if you can only reach it."

Yes, there is such a thing as silent music. Keats knew it when he

wrote hisimmortal "Ode to a Grecian Urn,"and gave us these beautiful lines:

Heard melodies are sweet, but those unheard

Are sweeter. Therefore, ye soft pipes, play on.

"Speech is silvern; silence is golden."Silence we instinctively

associate with profundity; not because the rule holds good in every

case, but because it is a rule, notwithstanding the exceptions. Speech

is on the surface; thought is in the depths. "The shallows murmur,

but the deeps are dumb."

The most powerful all are not powerful that speakers—and

are so not the glib and fluent who generally have more styled—are

words than ideas; but those who are deliberate, even halting, until

aroused, when, like the cataract or the storm unchained, the impetuous

ORATORY, POESY AND PROPHECY 62 9

torrent of eloquence, breaking from its fastenings, sweeps past every barrier, carrying all before it.

Not often is the great poet a, great orator, nor the great orator a great poet. Cicero wrote poems, but they were not equal to his

orations. "Oh that so great a statesman should be so poor a poet!"

Bulwer makes the monk Joseph say of Richelieu. Genius is* said to

be "born of a disproportion in faculties."Where there are hills there

must be hollows. Where there are summits there shall also be gulfs.

Castelar, the eloquent Spaniard, gives us this* thought on oratory;

"The grandest, the most intoxicating of human glories, is the glory of the orator, who, without shedding one drop of blood, without staining his laurels with the fatal trophies of the warrior, can from the tribune conquer the souls of his hearers, and force them to mingle with his own. No spectacle can compare with that of the orator, who

should be at the same time a philosopher, a poet, an artist, a musician, a tactician, one who can draw from the depths of the intellect the hidden treasures of thought, clothe and shape them into beauty, * * * amid the deafening applause of the people."

Grand, indeed, but not the grandest. Intoxicating, no doubt:

a splendid spectacle. But surely there are grander things, though

they may pass unnoticed by men, or awaken not the thunders of human applause. What of the glorious examples of unseen heroism,

of patient pain, of silent suffering for the sake of principle, with which history abounds, but which only the heavens witness and after ages appreciate? There is nothing so grand, so splendid, so sublime,

as the spectacle of a great soul struggling with adversity.

Nevertheless, the calling of the orator is superior to that of the warrior, who, however, outshines him in the eyes of most men.

What hear we of orators or of poets in France, while the star of

Napoleon was in the ascendant? Three names only in all Europe

Goethe, Byron and to be dimmed by that blazing Nelson—refused

the greatest, but themeteor of military glory. What of Grant—not

most successful of American soldiers, Washington excepted? Could

any name of poet, orator, statesman or sage compare with hisj in the mindj of the common people at the North, until the war clouds had rolled away and men had begun once more to see clearly and to think soberly? Even Lincoln's name required the halo of martyrdom to

make it more illustrious than that of the Man of Appomattox.

"The pen is mightier than the sword;"but the sword of

Washington eclipsed the pen of Jefferson, not only because the Man of

Mount Vernon was superior as a man to all his contemporaries, buc because he was a, successful general returning in triumph from battle.

David, the warrior and poet king of Israel, was more lauded for having slain "his tens of thousands,"than for creating poems of peerless beauty and imperishable fame. The glory of Cicero, the

goldentongued orator of Rome, was obscured by the glory of Caesar, 630 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the incarnate god of war. Augustus was greater than Horace to the

generation that produced them. Alexander, as long as he lived,

outshone Aristotle and Demosthenese.

No, |Castelar, "the grandest, the most intoxicating of human glories"is the glory of the warrior. When Mars reigns Apollo and

them for a seasonMinerva must "hide their diminished heads—hide

at least, until men become weary of noise and show, and reason 1, these temporarycan reassert itself. But because of these eclipses

obscurations, is the warrior greater than the orator or the poet?

Verily I say untQ you, Nay.

Oratory is diluted poetry, "the milk of the word,"while poetry is the "meat,"too strong for some minds to digest. A poet and an

orator once entered into a contest to describe sunrise. The orator

enlarged [upon the theme in glowing and gorgeous phrases, talked of golden beams and purple clouds, of receding shadows! and sparkling

streamlets, painting the precise picture in every detail. The poet

simply said: "The sun parleys with the mountain tops."How

much finer this, than a long drawn out description, however eloquent and beautiful. It is almost equal to Shakespeare's: "Look, the

morn, in russet mantle clad, walks o'er the dew of yon high eastern hill."And yet, many would think the orator's description superior to the poet's. It is for such that the orator has his being, his mission.

Poetry is above and beyond them. They cannot appreciate its concentrated light and heat. The wine must be mixed with water, weakened,

suited to the taste of the comparatively unpoetic throng. It then

becomes oratory, of which the thirsty masses, eager for poetry without knowing it, drink and are satisfied.

If anyone doubts that oratory can be poetic, let him read the following tribute to science, uttered by Colonel Robert G. Ingersoll,

an almost peerless orator, and a poet withal, though with a harp partly unstrung:

"Science took a handful of sand, constructed a telescope, and with it explored the starry depths of heaven. Science wrested from

the gods their thunderbolts, and now the electric spark, freighted with thought and love, flashes under all the waves of the sea. Science

took a tear from the cheek of unpaid labor, converted it into steam, and created a giant that turns with tireless arm the countless wheels of toil."And if anyone questions the prophetic nature of poetry, this from the writings of Tennyson, given to the world long before the coming of the airplane, ought to banish all doubt upon that point:

For I dipt into the future, far as human eye could see,

Saw the vision of the world and all the wonder that would be;

Saw the heavens fill with commerce, argosies of magic sails,

Pilots of the purple twilight, dropping down with costly bales;

ORATORY, POESY AND PROPHECY 631

Heard the heavens fill with shouting, and there rained a ghastly dew

From the nation's airy navies, grappling, in the central blue:

Far along the worldwide whisper of the south wind rushing warm,

And the standards of the peoples plunging through the thunderstorm.

Till the wardrum throbbed no longer, and the battle flags were furled

In the Parliament of Man, the Federation of the World.

There the common sense of most shall hold a fretful realm in awe,

And the kindly earth shall slumber, lapt in universal law.

Many poets have never written. They may have felt the

divine fire burning within them, but were powerless to pour out upon "the palpitating air"the song resounding through all the secret

1 have felt the painfulcaverns of the soul. The most eloquent poets

inadequacy of language to express their thoughts. Even Byron cries

out amidst the overwhelming grandeur of the Alps, whose towering tops, glistening in their caps of snow, silvered by the moonbeams or frowning darkly amid the lurid gleams and mutterings of the storm,; s soul:swept as with Titanic fingers the harpstrings of h

Could I embody and unbosom now

I wreak That which is most within me,—could

My thoughts upon expression, and thus throw

Soul, heart, mind, passions, feelings strong or weak,

All that I would have sought and all I seek, one word, Bear, know, feel and yet breathe—into

And that one word were lightning, I would speak;

But as it is, I live and die unheard,

With a most voiceless thought, sheathing it as a sword.

Yet what could be more voiceful, more expressive, than this beautiful stanza in the same poem (Childe Harold)?

Ye stars, which are the poetry of Heaven!

If in your bright leaves we would read the fate

Of men and empires, 'tis to be forgiven

That in our aspirations to be great,

Our destinies o'erleap their mortal state

And claim a kindred with you; for ye are

A beauty and a mystery, and create

In us such love and reverence from afar,

That fortune, fame, power, life, have named themselves a star.

"TWENTY NICKLES"By George Blair Glade A shrill whistle finally announced the departure of the Priesthood

Outing Special. Ten minutes late, waiting for the belated ones, the

train started for the canyon. Fathers and mothers, sons and daughters,

filled the six coaches. A smiling radiance beamed on every face.

Children's questions, mothers'smiles, babies'chatter, and the hearty laughter of men, mingled with the heavy labor of the engine, gladdened each expectant heart.

It was a clear day in June. The sunbeams, piercing the dusty

windows, played upon the tanned cheek of Harold Bozarth. His

manly features ennobled the khaki suit he wore. Children returned

his warm smile and some ventured near to touch his hand. By his

side, dressed in dainty picnic attire, sat his sweetheart. On her lap

nestled a runaway baby from down the aisle who chatted and laughed when they played with her. As the little Miss wobbled back to its

mother Harold and the Girl smiled. A happy love filled their hearts.

Not a selfish love, but one that seemed to embrace all around them.

Arriving at the park the train came to a creaking stop. Hurriedly,

the children bolted1 out. Some returned for hats and luncheons.

As Harold neared the door he saw a man and boy hunting under the seats. He stopped to aid them.

"Have you lost something?"he queried of the boy.

"I dropped a dollar."A wild look troubled the youngster's

face. '"Don't you know which way it rolled?"asked the father,

impatiently. But the lad didn't. Feverishly they searched. Harold

joined them on his hands and knees. But the dusty corners failed to

give it up.

To Harold the boy's countenance seemed to change to a tearful sadness, the impatience of the father to a grave anxiety. He noticed,

for the first time, the rough hands of the man, which seemed more so, because of the dirt from the floor. He saw the clean but home

laundered collar, the worn but neatly patched suit.

Suddenly the engine roared and the cars lurched, but at the same instant Harold found the dollar. "Here it is!"he shouted;

"bounced up in this little crevice."

"I'm sure glad you found it,"the boy grinned; "Pa gave it to

me to carry, and I'd have felt awful if I'd lost it."

The man was not profuse in his thanks but the anxious: lines

left his face as he carefully dropped it into the gaping mouth of an old empty purse. "Made me a bit blue for a minute,"he confessed;

"it was all we had, besides our tickets."

"TWENTY NICKELS"633

Leaving the train the man gathered his family around him, reassuring his wife with a nod. And Harold found the Girl waiting

for him, with a smile.

It was a happy day. Fathers surprized their sons with feats of

agility and exactness. Cotton coming from the trees fell like confetti

on the scene. Harold finished second in the elders'race and the Girl

pitched horseshoesi brilliantly, only to lose on the last toss.

At noon Harold saw the little family at lunch. A bottle of pop

was at every plate and the baby played with a balloon. The children

relished the food which looked fresh from a country garden. He

thought how different from the dainty menu She had prepared. All

day the family and the dollat haunted him, until, late in the afternoon, when he saw the smallest maiden spending what he thought must be the last nickel of that wondrous dollar, his eyes filled with tears.

The day over, all too soon, the special left for the city, carrying a tired, but contented burden. Babies slept. Mothers smiled at torn

shirts and soiled dresses. Fathers nursed bruises and aches. Harold

glanced at the Girl. She seemed as fresh as in the morning. He

wondered if she ever wearied, if the smile would ever be dimmed.

"We've had a glorious picnic!"she breathed at parting.

"Yes, indeed,"he smiled.

Suddenly, she caught him unawares: "Harold, you gave the,

man that dollar this morning, didn't you?"

He would have denied but her eyes told him that she, too, had felt the joy of life this day. "Yes,"he admitted, "I did."

"I knew it! I knew it! I've felt it all day. It was noble and

good of you, Harold."

"Oh, no, it was just a dollar."

"Yes, to us it was just a dollar, but to a family of seven—it

was twenty nickels."

Salt Lake City.

May Days

May is a month of rejoicing, for the tears that April shed

Have transformed the earth which seemed desolate

With flowers o'er which we tread.

May is a month of promise for the Summer that is to come

Ladened with fruits from God's storehouse,

When plenteous harvest is done.

Forgotten the chill of December, forgotten the ice and snow.

For our hearts demand pleasant reminders

In the beautiful things that grow.

The Winter has his graces and many enjoy his moods,

But the sunshine of May, and the bright warm days

Hold promise of roses and June.

Rogers, Arkansas. MRS. OTIS GEISE

WILD LIFE OF THE FOREST By Benjamin Swapp It is "a day of clouds and thick darkness."A forest fire is

raging through the hills "like the morning spread upon the mountains.

As a great people, set in battle array,"the flames advance, and the appearance of them is as horses, and as horsemen, so do they run.

Like the noise of chariots on the tops of the mountains do they leap;

they run, like mighty men; they climb the wall like men of war; and

they march every one on his way. They break not their ranks;

neither dost one thrust another; they march every one on his path."

<<* * * q Lqj-4 to thee will I cry, for the fire hath devoured the pastures of the wilderness, and the flame hath burned all the trees of the field. Yea, the beasts of the field pant unto thee, for a fire

devoureth before them, and behind them a flame burneth; the land is

as a garden of Eden before them, and behind them a desolate wilderness."

Thus doth Joel describe that scourge of all living things, the forest fire. Joel knew, as all woodsmen know, that fire is the

enemy of the forest. This article attempts to set forth the manner in

which fires affect game, fish and all other wild life, and to point out certain fundamental ideas which must underlie successful conservation, both of forest and of game.

Severe fires sometime surround and destroy large game, or grown animals and birds and kill them outright; but the greatest damage

occurs through the destruction of eggs and young, and the ruin of coverts, without which game falls an easy prey to vermin and hunters.

Fire also causes important disturbances among the food plants on which the game isi dependent.

Instances of outright destruction of game by fires are numerous and reveal some unanswered and puzzling questions as to the actual effect of fire and smoke upon the mind and behavior of animals.

The following is> quoted from a report by W. T. Cox on the big

fires of 1902 in Washington and Oregon: "In the dense smoke

hundreds of grouse, quail and Mongolian pheasants were surrounded by fire and roasted to death. Hundreds more had their wings scorched,

and now upon the blackened floor of the forest fall an easy prey to prowling vermin. Large and small mammals fared no better. Carcasses of deer, bear, cougars, and lynx have been found, and literally

thousands of dead squirrels. Wolves and lynx are appearing in

unusual numbers since the fires, evidently attracted by the numbers of readyprepared roasts to be had in the forest."

It is safe to say that the direct loss of mature game is heavy in

WILD LIFE OF THE FOREST 635

Above: Deer grazing in an opening of the forest.

Center: Feeding young deer.

Bottom: A forest fire in action.

636 IMPROVEMENT ERA

large fiercely burning fires, but for the country as a whole such loss

1is slight compared with the loss of eggs and young, which take place in every fire, even the socalled "light groundfires."The salient

1 thepoint about the loss of young and eggs is that in most regions fire season corresponds with the breeding season and accordingly must destroy all the eggs and young of groundnesting birds on the burned area, as well as many of the fawns, which during that season are young and are left "cached out"while their mothers seek water and forage. Spring burning of stubble, brush patches, ditch banks, and

waste corners of farms not only make a clean sweep of eggs and young of quail, but leave the old birds without cover at the exact time of season when livestock has usually grazed off all the corners of the unburned ground or else the farmer has plowed it up. Then comes

the spring migration of hawks and the spring activities of house cats and vermin. The birds are either exposed and defenceless or else so

crowded into some little island of cover that breeding is impossible.

Sportsmen will not solve the problem of quail production until every farmer is persuaded or paid to leave cover, spring cover, on the waste corners of his farm; until spring burning and vermin are

controlled in the interest of game, and until refuges are established and winter feed provided to insure the survival of seed stock.

Universal appreciation of these truths would produce more quail than a universal yearlong closed season throughout the United States.

It is only too true that upon areas where fires have occurred that all browse and young plant life has been burned and killed; once

the ground is laid bare erosion begins to make inroads upon the surface, the new plant life is inferior and in many cases useless to game. The browse which the fire destroys is of great importance,

because it furnishes the winter feed.

Forest conservation not only preserves the forest from fire but provides food and shelter for game animals and birds, preserves the ground cover which regulates the flow of streams, the pasturage of large numbers of domestic animals, and building materials for homes and industries.

The practice of forestry on these lands likewise provide berries and game food. Berries come in when the sunlight reaches the soil,

and the cutting of mature timber in any producing forest lets the sunlight in upon the soil at the end of each generation of trees. Thus

berries and other sundemanding food plants are a normal part of the producing forest, and are better distributed from the standpoint of game production when thev arise from cuttings than when they arise from regions swept by fire. This is why fires destroy game and wild

life and why game conservationists must ally themselves with forest conservationists before either can accomplish much in the way of protecting our resources. This community of interest induced by the

existence of a common enemy is, however, only part of the story.

WILD LIFE OF THE FOREST 637

There are deeper and more significant reasons why forestry and game management must work together and learn from each other.

The fundamental thing in both game and forestry is that we, the public, must grasp the idea of production. If conservation does not

mean production, then it means nothing at all. I do not mean production alone, but production through use. The true meaning of

conservation is to conserve or preserve from injury and to utilize the resources through regulated use, which pjrotects the resources against the onslaught of fires, the law breaker, the individual who would gladly cut the last tree, kill the only surviving wild goose or duck, shoot the last remaining deer, or crop the last spear of forage, and smile at the great devastated regions stretched out before him.

The former needs our cooperative support, the latter our earnest attention.

Kanab, Utah.

My Mother

When but a lad of two or three,

When Mother held me on her knee, 'Twas then she chased away my fears,

Bound up my wounds, and dried my tears.

These mem'ries linger with me yet

So at this time, I'll not forget

My Mother.

Among) the things she did for me:

She risked her life that I might be,

And strove to teach me in the ways

That I should walk in after days.

Enough for me she could not do;

That was the spirit, through and through.

Of Mother.

She taught me to avoid the strife

And evil things that crowd man's life;

She taught me to refrain from lies;

Tobacco and strong drink despise.

If I do this, then I will live

A clean, pure life, and credit give

My Mother.

May her life's years, as on they speed,

To happiness and pleasures lead.

May I be found in virtues way,

And make the best of life today.

If I a useful life can live.

I know that I will pleasure give

My Mother.

Provo, Utah. C. H. DURRANT.

THE CHOICE By Weston N. Nordgran

[A young man addicted to the use of tobacco was bluntly told by his girl that he must choose between her and tobacco. If there were more girls like

Barbara Lane, there would be more young men like Basil Andrews. This

simple narrative tells the true story. Editors.]

Barbara Lane was worth winning. There could be no doubt

about it. She was "good to look at,"clever, accomplished, a good

mixer, and a real homemaker.

Thus thought Basil Andrews, as he trudged home with dragging feet and a heavy heart. But why wast she so set against him smoking

tobacco? Why didn't she nag at her father, old George Lane, or her

brothers? They all smoked, except it was Tom, aged fifteen. Why

did she let her brothers smoke in her presence, and not him, Basil

Andrews? What was the answer?

Then he remembered the words she had spoken: "Tobacco is

an evil. I will not have it in or near my future home. I do not

like to think of it as my rival; but it comes to that! For you, it will

be me! I must let you decide, as it will be you who tobacco—or

will be most affected. If you choose the weed, then I will not see

you again. It is for you to decide. Tobacco has the start, for

you already smoke, and heavily, too. Your hands very shake—your

breath is impure! However, I can even things up a bit. I love you

and I will abide by your decision, if you are manly about it. Good

night!"That was it. Brief, terse, frank. It was just like her. "I can

even things up a bit. I love you."Ah! What a wife she would

make! What a girl for a companion! meant giving up But—it

her! Oh! Was there ever before such a test? Welltobacco—or

he would think it over.

That night as he prepared for bed, he thought things over carefully, and after seriously weighing the evidence on both sides, he decided to pray to the Lord for guidance. He remembered with a

start, and not a, little shame, that it was the first time in months he had thus communed with his Maker. "Let's see,"he mused, "it has

been six months since I prayed last! Heavens! I quit five—no,

the night I took my first cigarette! Why, I tremble like a leaf, and

I've almost forgotten how to pray!"

He knelt down by the bedside, and poured out his soul, and asked for divine guidance, not on whether or not he should quit smoking, but as to the method he should pursue in order to rid himself of the evil habit.

The next morning, as he rolled out of bed, he automatically

THE CHOICE 639

reached for his package of cigarettes, and holding one in his mouth, was about to apply a match to it, when he remembered his resolve of the night before. The craving was great, but his word was sacred;

especially so, when given to God. He threw the unlighted cigarette

and the. package into the ash can, and dressed hurriedly.

As Basil went out into the brisk morning air he came face to face with the fresh April sunshine. His chores were soon disposed

of, and as soon as he had eaten a hasty breakfast, he went to work on a division fence which he was constructing to facilitate the pasturing of his sheep, during the coming Summer. He ate no dinner,

and by night, he was so tired and nervous, and he trembled so violently, he could hardly do his evening chores. He cut his supper

short, and once again sought relief in earnest prayer. When he arose

from the bedside, he was calm, and a spirit of peace possessed his soul. His prayer had been answered. He ha,d heard a voice speak

clearly: "Why not go on a mission?"Why not, indeed? It

would be just the thing! He would be away from the old crowd,

and free from many temptations. He would be helping the Lord,

while the Lord helped him! He went to sleep that night, calmer,

and rested better than he had for many months.

Bishop Lawton was much surprised the next morning, when he opened the door in response to a knock, and found that his caller was none other than Basil Andrews. He was still more astonished

when he found out the object of the visit, and the subsequent payment of a large amount of back tithing, to be credited to the same young man. Then Basil began his story: "Bishop Lawton, I want to go

on a mission. It doesn't matter where, but I want to go, and the

sooner the better for me. I have enough money to pay my way, and

I have several reasons for wanting to go now. I want to marry

Barbara Lane, but she objects to me, as long as I smoke. I have

decided to quit tobacco, and it is going to be hard for me. I believe

that it will taike both the Lord and me to win this battle, and so

I want to help him while he is helping me. I have prayed sincerely,

and I know it will be the right way. If I am worthy, I would like

to go, and I am ready now."

The bishop grasped Basil's hand, and wringing it sympathetically, said, "Basil, you have done the right thing. You have chosen the

right, and it shall be as you desire. You shall g0 on a mission, and

proclaim the everlasting gospel to all who will listen, and to many who won't. If you are diligent, you will do much good. But you

will have many temptations. I promise you in the name of Jesus

Christ, that if you are faithful, and prayerful, and humble enough, you shall overcome all evil, and you will have much joy and happiness."Basil thanked the bishop, and went away'with a light heart.

The news that Basil Andrews was to go on a mission to Great

Britain, caused a hubbub of excitement in the little village, and his 640 IMPROVEMENT ERA

farewell party was well attended. Basil had gone straight to Barbara

Lane, as soon as he received his call, and had told her of his choice.

She was overjoyed, and had spread the news as soon as possible.

Thus many came that night that otherwise would not have come had they heard of the event in a more ordinary way, or over a longer route. When Basil was called upon to make a few remarks, he stood

up before the people, and in a straightforward way, he told them of the evil habit that he was trying to break, and of his method of breaking it. He explained that in asking the Lord's assistance, he had

acquired a debt that he hoped to partially pay off, by going out into the world to proclaim the gospel to the nations of the earth. After

the meeting, he was given congratulations, encouragement, and a rousing sendoff by the faithful older members of the Church. Some

of the younger set scoffed and told him that they would miss him, and that he would be losing two years of his life. He replied that

he knew that he was in the right, and that he would spend the two best years of his life in the service of God.

Basil's missionary experiences were about the same as many other young men of Zion have had in the service of the Lord. He

received all varieties of treatment imaginable, but he was brave, humble, and prayerful, and so he did not falter in the truth. When

doors were slammed in his face, he would remark, "Another door closed between Lady Nicotine, and me."In many instances, Basil's

ability to play the violin and piano, won an opening for the gospel truths that otherwise would have been denied him. He had a rich

tenor voice, and before long he made a hit wherever he went, and was often invited back, by those who would not tolerate a "Mormon"before.

At first, the craving for tobacco was so great that he became thin, pale and haggard. At times, he was nervous, and dispeptic.

Then he would fast and pray, and deliver tracts, or study the Church works. As time went on, these spells became less troublesome, and

after the first six months in the mission field, they ceased altogether.

Then, indeed, did he throw himself, heart and soul into the Lord's work, so that when the time came for his release, he felt as if he had just begun to live his life in God's own appointed way. He stayed

at the mission headquarters in Liverpool, for a week after his release, testifying to all who came, of the truth of the gospel, of the divinity of Christ, and of his own faith, and the benefit he had derived from his mission. Then he sailed for home, and arrived there late in the

Summer. He felt that his mission had been a success, and that he

Lord had caused him to profit by it.

He was called upon the stand to deliver his homecoming speech, the next Sunday. His welcome home had rivaled his sendoff, and

he was deeply touched and very grateful. As he stood before the

assembled throng, many of whom were from surrounding towns, and

THE CHOICE 641

villages, he looked taller and broader than when he went away. In

very truth, he was "every inch a man,"and a "pillar of strength unto 1, and toldGod."He gave some very interesting missionary experiences

of the overwhelming joy that came to a missionary when he knew that he had helped to start an honest soul on the straight and narrow path to eternal peace and progression. He told of the need of the world for

more "Mormon"missionaries, and ended his talk by reading the song, "Send the light."

$ sfc s|e afs $ Two years have passed since then, and Basil is the proud owner of a three hundred acre farm, beside numerous other properties. He

says that his wife, Barbara, and their little son fill the old homestead with love and happiness. There is an indescribable feeling of joy

and contentment over that household.

Old George Lane and his sons have all quit smoking. They are

now supporting young Tom on a mission with their earnings, of which a goodly share formerly went for tobacco. Surely "Truth

liketh good companions, therefore do no evil."

Monroe, Utah.

Mother is Praying For Me No matter which part of the country I'm in,

Or what distant land I may roam,

I still see before me a dear little spot

Where the roses creep over the home.

I remember the counsel, wisely given,

By a mother as kind as could be;

And no matter how far from the home I stray,

I know she is praying for me.

Chorus: I've a home, sweet home, and wherever I roam

Comes a memory that's sacred and dear, 'Tis the face of my mother, tender and true

And her advice still rings, in my car.

Whether I'm out where the billows may roar,

Or as sick as a mortal can be, 'Tis oh, such a comfort, and soothes me so much

To know she is praying for me.

But sometimes my troubles pile up in a heap,

Or misfortune awhile shadows me.

I find some way out of my troubles, somehow,

Through the prayers of that mother for me.

Some day I'll go back to that sweet, sunny spot,

To that sweet hallowed place o'er the sea;

I'll be to my mother a true loving son.

I know that she's praying for me.

Mcnan, Idaho. ELSIE M. LARSEN.

A "SPEEDING"CURE By Glen Perrins

Probably the same spirit that causes the modern youth to "step on the gas,"existed years ago in the breast of Jimmy.

Jimmy, a young lad on the farm, was always in a hurry. He was

a person who was on the go, always rushing somewhere. Then,

when he got there, he did not know what to do, so he went on again.

His father had cautioned him against driving the horses so fast, but the advice did not seem to often gave the horses "take"—Jimmy

the rein, that is, before his cure.

The bad habit was stopped one Summer afternoon when Jimmy was driving a team hitched to a load of hay. From that day to this

he has "slowed down."

"Well,"said Jimmy, on that eventful day, "this* is the last load of hay that we'll drive to the barn today.

"Giddap, Bess. Giddap, Prince."

And with this, Jimmy slapped the long reins upon the backs of the horses and started for the barn.

The breeze was cool. Jimmy was in a hurry. How much

better, he thought, to himself, it would be to go faster and get even more cool. "Faster!"he cried to the horses. "Faster!"and he brought the

reins down on their backs again.

Bess and Prince knew they were not supposed to break into a 1 had been obedient horses up to this time. But they hadrun. They

worked hard all day, and were nervous.

Taking their bits in their mouths, they galloped toward the barn. They would show their young master!

"We'll give him speed enough this time,"they thought asi they galloped along.

At first Jimmy was thrilled at the speed. He shouted and

waved his hat. The load of hay was a fine spring, a soft rest for

his feet. He enjoyed being bounced along. He felt as safe as he

had at home years ago when as a youngster he had bounced on his mother's feather bed.

Soon, however, his face took on a serious frown.

He did not mind the hayrack swaying dangerously from one side to the other. It reminded him of a rocking deck of a ship during

a storm. Jimmy would have been a brave sailor.

What had frightened him was the distant "tootoo-toot"of the express train that was coming down the track.

Jimmy must cross the rails a mile or so ahead.

Bess and Prince did not realize their danger, or, if they did.

A "SPEEDING"CURE 643

they could not stop the lumbering hayrack. They were running

down sort of an incline and perhaps the load had the best of them.

How the young driver wished that he might slow down!

"Why, O why!"cried Jimmy, "was I in such a hurry? This is

the last load of hay. I had plenty of time * * I know I will

be punished for whipping up the horses. * * "

As the galloping team neared the railroad crossing, Jimmy could hear the bell ringing. The whistle of the express sounded out, shrill

and full of warning.

But it was too late. Jimmy could not stop the team. He had

been in too big a hurry. * * Now they had the best of him.

Jimmy's first thought was to jump.

"I'm going too fast for that,"he cried, half aloud.

Again he tried to stop the horses, but he could not. He knew

the train was going to hit them; he felt it in his bones.

On came the express.

When within about fifteen feet from the track Jimmy put his hands over his eyes. The next instant he felt himself skidding through

space at a terrific rate.

There was a grinding of the brakes and the giant wheels of tht express came to a stop * * just a few yards away from where

Jimmy lay.

Jimmy had escaped. He lit on the load of hay which had jarred

off as the hayrack hit a bump just before the railroad crossing.

Luckily, too, Bess and Prince got safely across the track, and were by that time almost to the barn.

$ + '- *N It was a sad and repentant Jimmy who walked slowly to the barn that evening.

"Lucky for me I'm still alive!"he said half to himself. "No

more speeding, being in a hurry. I'm cured!"

BltS Of PhiloSOphyExplanation is more effective than declamation.

The simple. joys are the great enduring joys.

all we can to become perfect. We are perfect when we are doing

It is when we serve someone more than self that we develop our better self.

Argument; is what we resort to when we have nothing to say and still

insist on saying it.

Philosophy is what we think about God; religion is what we feel and

know about him.

Opportunity is a mysterious something which can be found in a proper mixture of knack, tact and brain sweat. Nephi Jensen.

THE FORMAL OPENING OF BRYCE CANYON,

SEASON OF 1925 By Grace Wharton Montaigne

I A "Once Upon a Time Story,"with a resume of many, striking points of interest in that fairy place, thrown into a personal setting for narrative form. Dedicated to the better knowledge of our state. A little child who

saw fairies at work.

l ri

v.-. ma 1 4 MMWHl

fe:. W

Copyright 1925, Franfe Beckwith, Delta, Utah.

"It is the face of General Ulysses S. Grant,"cried the little girl in great glee.

As Governor Dern's auto sped up the easy slope of Red canyon on the way to make formal opening of Bryce for the season of 1925, his thoughts were intent on the set speech he was going to make, and he passed "The Portals"unheeding; even the varicolored "Ambassadors"(whose purpose, there placed, was to indicate the greater

splendors beyond) were not even so much as glanced at.

The car smoothly purred onward toward the first tunnel; but

there they found gates thrown across the way and passage barred by chains of ferns and ropes of roses, forbidding entry. As his car

came to a full stop, a little fairy clad in light and airy dress, golden star in forhead, and wand in hand, tripped lightly to the car; she

mounted the running board and said:

"Who would enter the confines of our realm and pass the barred gates without sanction of our Queen Chromatasia?"

With easy courtesy the Governor replied:

OPENING BRYCE CANYON 645

"Fair maiden, take word to your most gracious sovereign, that it is

I, Governor Dern, Chief Executive of the Commonwealth of the State of

Utah, who craves permission to enter these realms, long heralded of men."

The fairy disappeared around the cliff.

The Fairy Queen Enters In a moment, surrounded by a troupe, the queen advanced, regal of step and stately mein: above her brow, instead of tinsel coronet,

she wore an ivory miniature done in color, her own handiwork, a replica of her domain at Bryce, of one of the beauty spots chiselled by gnome and tinted by fairy. So entrancing was the scene that the

Governor could scarce wrest his gaze from its beauty to the fair face below as he bowed his obeisance and said:

"Beauteous Queen, Governor Dern and retinue would fain enter upon your domains. We come not in commerce nor in trade; none will destroy,

none deface. But. Oh Queen. I have among mv people one who draws

with light in a box, on the instant snapping of a shutter, scenes which took your merry elves eons to chisel; another paints with pigment, fixing hues

in frozen form to the delectation of all who behold; and yet another wields

a pencil to make a three assail each beauty spot that their work story—these

may give to other thousand eyes the joy of beholding your exceeding handiwork, if but your gracious consent be gained to our entreaty."

Spoke the Queen:

"Right welcome is Governor Dern and his retinue. Fairies, do you

each drop a choice flower that you newly painted this morn into his car;

Iris of the many hues, do you sit upon the Governor's right hand and bring to his notice all that/ may be seen of our realm on the journey to our castle.

Ariel, daintv spirit, do vou go to Old Carver of the Purple Cloak, in his deep and shadowy grotto, and bid him do our heed."

Unseen of the Governor she whispered tersely in the messenger's ear, and away he whisked merrily on a mission he joyed to see fulfilled. sjc 4s In the auto next following the Governor, the president of the

Delta Chamber of Commerce rode, his aged father of eightytwo years, a Grand Army of the Republic veteran who had seen hospital service in the Civil war when a youth, and in the rear seat the little daughter, aged seven, whose eyes were still big with having seen the fairies; and on the seat beside her the story teller.

The little maid clasped her hands as it was all over and wistfully said: "Daddy, I wish fairies would meet our car."

In lieu of answer the daddy changed gears and on they sped.

(But maybe the fairies had a treat in store for the little girl better than a shower of can tell?) roses—who ******

Story tellers see much and hear more. And then beg audience

that the sweets of their vision may be tasted by others, for their eyes 64 6 IMPROVEMENT ERA

will be clouded and their ears dulled if they impart not what the gift bestows. So the story teller snuggled up to the little maid and said,

is"That first place we passed back yonder was 'The Portals.'That

the outlying post of Queen Chromatasia's realms; and just beyond

that, where I told you to look closely, the large colored rock there near to the road, was 'The Ambassadors,'and their retinue. Long, long

years ago, when Queen Chromatasia was about to be visited by a very rich and magnificent king, she sent from her throne in Bryce canyon two ambassadors to meet this royal party; she clad them in the rich

vestments you see before you, fold upon fold, saying:

"'Depart to the edge of our realm, and there sit in state, maintainseeing our station, that he and all, other men who follow him may court.'in your splendor a hint of the richer magnificence of our own

And to this day those Ambassadors have sat there, obeying the behest of the Queen."

The Little Maid Sees Gnomes at Work

As the messenger Ariel sped from the Queen on his errand to

Old Carver of the Purple Cloak, he chuckled oft and heartily; "O ho,"

quoth he, "some one deemed worthy is to see Old Carver at his work

Old Carver of the Purple Cloak whose work with tool in hand has

I wonder whomnever yet been seen by men. I wonder—hum-m-m,

that they may see this sight?"I'm to touch on the lids

At the throne of the Queen all eyes were turned on Governor

Dern as he arose amid applause to make his speech; which gave the

Queen just the opportunity she wanted, for her sharp eye spied the dainty Ariel tugging the unwilling old Carver from his deepest shade.

see,As soon as placed where eyes brightened by a fairy wand could the messenger darted to the Queen's side.

"Go touch little Marion's lids, the girl of seven,"said the Queen.

Instantly the little girl cried, "Oh, Daddy, how bright things are!

I can see ever so clearly."

"Tush, tush, child,"said the father, "the Governor is speaking."

As the little maid's eyes grew accustomed to the enlarged vision she saw Old Carver of the Purple Cloak. (For as all children know,

little elves and gnomes, who work with chisel in hand and prying bar to loosen, haunt the deepest purple shadows of crevice and grotto, where their own purple blends best with the shadows, for they are all those permitted.) Maid dressed in that hue that none may see—save

Marion saw him take his chisel in hand and rap it smartly with a tiny hammer; into the crevice thus started he inserted a wedge, and then

followed with a tiny prying bar. As soon as the pry was started

and began to give, he summoned a score of purpleclad little helpers from the inner recesses, and with a "Heave ho! Heave ho! a right

OPENING BRYCE CANYON 647

merry Heave ho!"they tugged and worked; the piece loosened, tottered,

and fell with a crash!

"Oh, daddy, Oh, daddy! Look! I saw them! See what they've

done! They've broken off that piece of saw them at rock—I it—andit leaves a face of—

"Marion, hush, child; don't. The Governor is speaking, and

don't you see you're interrupting?"

"But daddy, I saw fairy gnomes'at work; I saw them carve away

the rock and leave the (and here a joyful sob of pent up emotion face—

caught the voice) the face of General Ulysses S. Grant."

At the name of the great commander, the grandfather, old G.

A. R. veteran that he was, whipped erect to rigid "tenshun."Sixtyodd years flung themselves at him from out of memory's store. The

scene was graven back in the sixties; the grandfather, then a young

man, was serving in the hospital staff, carrying wounded to the dressing stations and ministering to the suffering. The night before

the "Battle on the Ridge,"his company had been told that on the following morning they would go into sharp action. His'dearest

friend, a private from his own home town, sat all that night driving a racing pen through a last fond farewell to a loved wife at home; in

the morning, before the regiment moved into action, he presented himself to the young medical assistant, pale, wan, and haggard, and said: "I'm going to get mine today. I feel it."

"Tut, tut, man; you shouldn't give in to idle thoughts like that;

cast it from your mind."

The other went on unheeding, "I've written this letter to my wife. If need be tonight, you mail it to her and send this watch to my

ten year old boy."

Before the astounded stretcher bearer could reply he found himself alone with a missive in one hand, and a watch in the other, and the figure of his friend wending its) way to the duty so forebodingly dreaded.

That night he gazed on the shattered face of his friend, whose body was riddled with secession lead.

"Orderly, mail this letter."To the Commanding Officer he

said, "I turn this watch over to you sir, Jim's dead."

The grandfather's rigid position relaxed, the gray hairs bent in sorrow. "Come, Marion,"said the story teller, "let you and I walk apart."

(Concluded in the next issue")

Laughter

Laughter is cheap medicine Take it while you may A philosophy not well understood,

But one that's sure to pay.

San Diego, Calif. D. C. RETSLOFF

.

AN AMERICAN INDIAN PAGEANT

By Victor Lindblad, Scout Executive, Cache Valley

Council

This pageant was presented by the Boy Scouts of the Cache

Valley Council at the Dansante Auditorium, Logan, Utah, on Thursday and Friday, March 4 and 5, 1926. Director Ralph Hubbard, emminent student and authority on Indian craft, was in charge. One

hundred thirtyfive boys danced in the pageant. The scouts were

carefully trained for two weeks by Professor Hubbard before the staging of the pageant. All the performers were local boy scouts.

The following program was carried out:

1 Tribal Procession.

2. Sioux Circle Dance. A social dance taken from Sioux and Crows.

Women and children, young warriors and elderly people alike, all join in this dance, which consists of several steps, accompanied by social songs. The

exact interpretation is not known.

3. Ojibway Scalp Dance. Performed by two large circles of dancers

to the tomtom. In this dance the boastful warrior acts out the story

of his achievement.

The steps used in this dance are mostly of war origin such as the "Sioux hunting"step and certain stealthy advances supposedly directed toward a wounded enemy who lies in the grass ahead of the party.

4. Devil Dance. A young warrior has defied the discipline of his camp;

in other words, is what we call a naughty boy. His taunts and threats

eventually become unbearable to his people, at the end of which he is killed by a spear thrown from the onlooking crowd. A victory dance by

three warriors is performed over his body, after which his implements and trophies are taken by these three performers. His spirit is thought to be

earthbound. However, a "blood brother,"which means a friend who has

taken a vow to help at all times, which friend happens to have been in

Spirit Land for several Winters, comes to the battle field and rescues the lost soul, taking him to the Shadow Land, at the edge of which a group of spirit relatives greet him.

5. Sun Dance. Large circle of dancers are called into action by a worshipful leader in their midst. Evolutions of this dance work to a gradual

pitch of enthusiasm when a Black Spirit suddenly appears among them, terrifying them with such vicious conduct that they fade off from the field with shaking moccasins. Courageous ones attempt to come back

on the field, hoping to overcome this spirit, but are unable to withstand his frightful power. A pure spirit answers the prayer and delivers them

from the evil.

6. Great Plains War Dance. In which a large mass of warriors begin

deliberately and sedately, gradually working up to topnotch fervor, after which there is an anticline in their emotions until only two warriors are left on the field. At a signal from these two, the entire dancing body divides into two

opposing forces, who advance upon each other in threatening battle formation. A mad stampede closes the event.

7. Diminutive War Dance. An ambitious boy who has watched his

elders in their dances aspires to the same art, but realizes at the same time that it is decidedly dangerous for one so young. The boy fears that his dancing

AMERICAN INDIAN PAGEANT 651

will call up the very spirits that inhabit the field when the tired warriors are present, and after dancing some moments, is aware that this is just what has happened. Fighting the spirits off as best he can, he flees from the field

in a mad panic.

8. Elk Mystery, taken from the Ogalalla Sioux. This ceremony was

performed in ancient times when the game had become scarce. It was done

by several groups occupying a mile of level land, and because of its athletic nature was done by the strongest of the young men. It really amounts to

an endurance dance.

9. Ghost Dance. Done under the leadership of Medicine Men. This

dance is sometimes called the Buffalo Ghost Dance, inasmuch as there was a connection between its origin and the extinction of the American bison.

Between the years 1888 and 1892, this dance swept like a religious revival over the Indian Reservations of North America. There was a belief that the

oldtime warriors and the herds of buffalo would return.

A prophet named Wovaka taught a wonderfully peaceful and constructive doctrine, he having given rise to this revival. However, in the

dances, the performers seemed to fall in trances, at which time their bodies are supposed to be left untenanted, the spirits having wandered to the

Shadow Land. A spirit appears among the fallen dancers who would stay

to help them realize their great prayer, but who at the same time being all wise, finds himself drawn back to the Shadow Lands, leaving the devoted ones to their unfortunate fate.

Things As They Are

Take things, lad, the way you find them,

Things familiar, things astrange,

Things mind them,. contrary—never

It is change. you—not they—must

Learn to take the days that come, lad,

Rain or shine, just live it through, always some, lad, Wind and cloud—there's

But the smiling's up to you.

Take your friends just as they are, lad,

Frail or faulty—so are you

Some must make and some must mar, lad,

Keep your friendship ringing true!

Learn to take life in its measure,

Every moment big or small, Be its quota pain or pleasure,

Take it, lad, and live it all!

Mesa, Arizona BERTHA A. K.LEINMAN

I I P i i V f F E

PIONEERS

Words and Music by P. D. Griffeth.

P =4v N J -* t--- -(g-t- 1 c#J &. L——m--—m-&: - trtj*l.&

1. Exiles from home and country, Trudging o'er desert sand,

old Rockies, Close Inland the Sea, by the grand 2. Here in

j-4-—;---1ffF=F=P=F=Sf-f—P=FZ——3-*-| n-| cl b E \7—t——fcrHF $—

mf Bit. =t——jh—h—3—f aEz:=*=bi—*—i—;—

Braving the trials and hardships, Seeking a peaceful land.

"This is the place,''said Brigham, "In vision shown to me.

i v- -* 1:t i r r r

*=F -v—m s

tempo.—k—r*—i—*- 1: - s YdnrL?5r - =4

-T li Out on the western prairie, On to the mountains high, They

Here we will build our cit - y, And temple to our God—Build a

F acz: -JS2-:*=:* *=*= iEEEfeflE1F

t=J: s=tztftt*=ti33 wander'd on in prayer and song, E'er ready to do or die—The

commonwealth by each one's help, And the strength of the mountain sod. ''The

-0- -m- --* *- *#--#"1 1 *p 1 f*-m r m rU 1r p1 1- F Fm—H* #11——L U—b—

-4 h'-IItf N L-.

y- h 4—n -:q: I i * Pi - o-neers, brave Pi - o neers, The faithful Pi =FHIS

1-*- -0- -S—-F- #- 1 H—-#- -*--*- r

I - = Lt=H=z:

1- I fc neers.a

JOSEPH SMITH, AND THE GREAT WEST

Some Odd British Spies in the Rockies, and One Who

Learned From the Mormon Battalion That

His Game Was Up By I. K. Russell, Author of "Hidden Heroes of the Rockies"

IX A very recent newspaper dispatch tells of the raising of a large fund to work out certain gaps in American history. One of the

most serious of such gaps we have dug into to get the material for the. previous articles in this series. They dealt with the proslave

politics of the sixtyyear period preceding the Civil War, and showed that Utah wasfar from remote from that war.

It seemed almost, in fact, that the coming of Utah, California,

New Mexico and Oregon into the Union precipitated the war, for the question of whether this new country was going to be proslave or free state was what worked the proslave hatreds to the boiling point.

It is well known that Brigham Young was advised from Washington to apply for admission of the State of Deseret, and that with this advice came a suggestion that the South wanted him so to apply, in order to give the North a bit of a sop while they cut up Texas into six proslave states.

While intrigue thus went on in America, it is becoming more and more known, England had a large stake in the outcome of affairs.

We know that Jefferson Davis launched the Southern Confederacy in the hope that England would speedily intervene. The South hung

on and on in the hope of British it never materialinterference,—but

ized. A deduction, poking straight through the facts of the case,

suggests a second great gap in American history for scholars, to work out. The deduction is that if the Civil War had been launched at

the time the Mormon Battalion was on its march to the west coast,

England would have intervened. Men who appeared to be harmless

travelers at the time now loom up as paid British pies, looking for strategic points at which to make trouble. England then thought

she wanted California and was sure she wanted Oregon. And when

things were approaching very closely to the state of an open rupture, the Mormon Battalion was moving into position to strike at England's troops on the Northwest coast, as the main body of Kearny's 'Army of the West."I

We know that these spies had been heading through the Rockies, from 1830 on, as the issue of America's far western border and northwest border grew in importance.

Our own Cache valley echoes the British occupation of the 654 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Rockies, for it was so named by British trappers, who used its dry, sandy soil, as a place in which to cache their furs until they got enough for one of their gigantic overland pack, trains, which—somethese furs down to the times more than a mile in length—carried

Columbia river for shipment to England. Ogden, Utah, echoes, again,

the name of the British leader in that part of the country. We know

that in Mormon Battalion days this same good Peter Skene Ogden was called hastily to London, there consulted on war maneuvers, and then was sent hastily back to fortify positions on the Columbia and suggest forts for other sites. A British naval lieutenant and an army

lieutenant accompanied him, and marines were ordered to the Columbia river. Also a slogan was raised that "Every damned Yankee must

be kept east of the Rocky Mountains."

While preparing data for the prepioneer history of Utah, which was published under the name of Hidden Heroes of the Rockies,

I encountered many evidences of these clashes"between British and

American interests at the point where Rocky Mountain country became British country, according to their claim. And this point

1 was at the Big Sandy, at the South Pass. As the Americans ordered

co keep east of the Rockies, beat their retreat, I found they encountered

American civilization first at Independence, Missouri. This was

while Joseph Smith's people resided there. The American trappers came in with their furs every Summer from the first to the

last of the "Mormon"occupation of Independence, and each year they reoutfitted at Independence to return to the mountains. They

brought their cry for help with them. And of course it became of

interest to see who would listen. Daniel Webster, the great statesman

of New England, I found, was absorbed in the cod fish problems.

Nova Scotia objected to American cod fishing boats drying their fish on the Nova Scotian sands. That was problem enough for

Daniel. He ignored the cry coming to Independence out of the West.

The Southern leaders were too engrossed in the problem of breaking the Mason and Dixon line to pay any attention to cries about Oregon from bloody handed trappers. They wanted proslave

territory and had marked out a swath to the west coast in what was called "proslave climate."It took in Utah, Arizona, New Mexico,

California and Nevada. But did not take in Oregon. About that

country they had no care. Who then would care? A rereading of

the life of Joseph Smith became of absorbing interest. He had

called upon the Government to take Oregon, had asked the Government to let him go take it. He had canvassed candidates for president on

that issue, and found all defective in answer. Then he had proposed

his own presidential campaign based on the Oregon issue. He had,

in fact, in his proposal to stand for the presidency, launched the issue which was sloganized as "Fiftyfour forty or fight,"and in that sloganized form elected Polk to the presidency.

JOSEPH SMITH, AND THE GREAT WEST 655

Of the spies who ran hither and yon through the Rockies at that time, not all were British. Here we will introduce one of them.

The others are Captain Stewart, who showed up at about every

American camp in the Rockies, Lieutenant Ware and Lieutenant.

Vavasouer, of the British army and navy Americans respectively,—and

were not missing. Such roles alone explain the otherwise ridiculous

conduct of our own John C. Fremont, and Captain Bonneville of

cur own army, presumably on leave, and a fur hunter. In California

there was Ermatinger, who made himself up to be such a perfect

Spanish vaquero that Sir George Simpson, his own chief, did not know him when this chief arrived in California to take such steps that

America could not grasp that country. This whole British enterprize

beat a retreat out of California, Utah and Oregon just as the Mormon

Battalion had carried an armed fringe for American progress into

California. One of its important spies rode up through Mexico

made a forced Winter march to get into striking distance of the

Oregon country—and then suddenly threw up all his interest in the

Northwest. He encountered some Mormon Battalion detachments,

and learned from them, near Pueblo, Colorado, that the British had given in without a fight.

This British spy has never been written up as such, to my knowledge, and for that matter neither have Fremont and Bonneville;

and until their accounts were discovered as paid by the British army and the British navy, neither were Lieutenants Ware and Vavasouer ever considered to be spies. They hunted around in the Rockies,

posing as gentlemen sports. They carried fine liquors, tooth brushes,

and corduroy suits which startled the they passed as natives,—but

sports and nothing more.

The particular spy whose journey we deal with here boasted the name of G. F. Ruxton. I bought a volume written by him merely

because it carried the title "Esq."after his name. Knowing that no

regular trapper and hunter ever would be guilty of using such a designation, I wondered why this one had. A very little reading

convinced me the "Esq."was camouflage. For he landed in Vera

Cruz on an interesting date, and immediately wrote down in a diary a small treatise on the Vera Cruz forts and their defendability. Like

Kipling's soldier, who pretended to be a recruit but gave himself away by carrying his coat at once to the tailors to be refitted to his form; /so this "Esq."gave himself away at once. None but a

seasoned soldier could ever have written what he did of the Vera only anCruz forts. A little later he was writing of mules—what

experienced cavalryman could write. So I was sure I was dealing

with a a cavalry soldier, at that. soldier—and

His voyage was simultaneous with our war with Mexico. I

knew that at this same period there had been a general conference in

L ondon of the British High Command, both army and navy, at which 65 6 IMPROVEMENT ERA

men from America in the British service were present. The conference

had sent a commission out to sec if Oregon was worth fighting for;

to select fortification sites, and to open a trail for British settlers in

Oregon. Sir George Simpson himself had rushed to Oregon, and

then to California, as a result of that conference, and he had done his utmost to talk England into adopting his prowar view.

Sir George had tried in California to buy that country from Mexico.

If the same conference had done what it could hardly resist doing at such a another agent to Mexico, to work northward moment—dispatch

and test Mexican sentiment as to joining England in a war with the

United this "Ruxton, Esq."would just fit into the States—then

essential scheme of things. I read on from the first half dozen pages

of his book, convinced that I was dealing with another of those

British officers of whom Sir George Simpson, Ware, Vavasouer,

Ermatinger, and our own Peter Skene Ogden, were the others just then most to the fore. With this much of an introduction we can turn

1 usto the narrative of this curious "Esq."in person. All he tells

about this mysterious bit: "It is hardly himself—intentionally—is

necessary to explain the cause of my visiting Mexico at such an unsettled period; and I fear that circumstances will prevent my gratifying the curiosity of the reader, should he feel any on that point."

Ruxton, Esq., then launches us into the story of a narrative

that started in Vera Cruz; was aimed for Oregon by way of Santa Fe,

and ended abruptly in a total loss of interest when he collided with a Mormon Battalion detachment in the snows of north Taos. He

notes of Vera Cruz, and that hardly a civilian annotation:

"The town still presents numerous souvenirs of the bombardment of De Joinvill-?

in 1339. The church towers'are riddled with shot, and the destructive effects of

shot are still visible in the heaps of ruins which are left untouched. The town was

attacked by American troops under General Scott within ten months after my visit.

I certainly left Vera Cruz under the impression that it was not a fortified place, with the exception of a paltry wall I have mentioned, which, if my. memory, serves me.

was not even loopholed for musketry. The castle could have been carried by a"

frigate's boarders, having but 700 naked Indians to defend it."

We can now go on through Mexico with Ruxton, Esq., sharing

a confidence that we have a military man and not a civilian to deal with, for all his outward pretenses. We also sympathize with the

other pretenses of the same pretending to be a crisis,—Fremont

scientist, as Bonneville before him had pretended to be a fur hunter,

Ware and Vavasouer to be sports, and Ermatinger to be a Spanish vaquero. "Nothing can, by any possibility, be conceived to be more like a soldier than a Mexican militarist,"writes Ruxton of his meeting with the 11th Mexican regiment. He visits the castle of San Juan

de Ulloa, but does not tell us the nature of the credentials that let him in. An aidede-camp of the governor attended to that formality,

JOSEPH SMITH, AND THE GREAT WEST 65 7

too. The visit cnfuriated him with a sense of unpreparedness and

he flayed all and sundry about it. He wrote:

"I pointed out to one of the officers of the garrison, that not the slightest discipline was apparent, scarcely a sentinel was on the lookout, although the American squadron was in sight of the castle, and an attack was hourly threatened. On one

side the defenses were very weak; indeed, I saw no obstruction of sufficient magnitude

to prevent a dozen boats'crews making a dash in the dark at the waterbatteries, where at this time were neither guns nor men, nor one sentry whose post would command this exposed spot."

Our curious Esq. belabored the Mexicans about operating forts

and was disgusted with their answers: "Never, never fear, we are

very brave here. If the Americans like to try, let them come."

He rushed on towards Mexico City, and noted every little military nothing'else. Many of the military details'had to dodetail—almost

with his own guns. For he entered a banditinfested section and

made note:

"Before starting on this dangerous expedition, and particularly as I carried all my baggage with me, (being too old a soldier ever to part with that) made a minute inspection of arms and ammunition, all of which was put in perfect order. I took my seat in the diligencia with a formidable

battery composed of a double barrel rifle, a ditto carbine, two brace of pistols, and a blunder buss. Blank were the faces of my four fellow

passengers when I entered thus equipped.

life would be sacrificed "They protested, they besought,—everybody's

were one of the party to resist. It is not the custom, they said."

by no danger, Here we have the determined Britisher—dismayed

ready to fight it out. From first to last Ruxton, Esq., never lost that

character. He pressed on, no matter who warned him of Comanche,

Navajo, Aapache, or bandit. He always depended on his arms and

cared for his the pride of his life was that when he at mules,—and

last reached American people his mules were in better shape than when he started.

Was it dangerous for an American to be seen in Mexico at that time? Ruxton, Esq., was seen, and he records of the Mexican City

pulqueria district:

"Cries of 'Estrangero, Tejano, Yanque, burro'saluted me; I was a

jackass. The crowd surTexan, a Yankee, and consequently a burro,—a

see the jackass. Seeing that affairs began rounded me aver el burro,—to

to look cloudy, I rose and placing my hand on my heart, assured los caballeros y las senioritas that they labored under a slight error; that although

my face was white I was no Texan, neither was I a Yankee nor a jackass, but

Englishman very friendly to the 'Yngles, muy amigo a la republica,—an

republic. I told them that my affection for them and hatred for their

enemies was too excessive to express; that to prove this my only hope was

that they would do me the kindness to discuss at their leisure half an arroba of pulque."

it, thus spent to get Mexicans loose on And whose money was an antiAmerican pulque drunk? Direct evidence is lacking, but is

658 IMPROVEMENT ERA

almost impossible to doubt that it was that of Johnny Bull, himself, in person. "The tables were instantly turned,"records Ruxton, Esq., "I

was saluted with cries of 'Viva el Yngles! Que meaeren los Yanques,'

to the Americans!"—death

It was in giving parties like this that Ruxton spent his time in Mexico City. Finally he outfitted with mules and pressed on.

As he rode, many fine adventures came his only way—which

a soldier and a British soldier, could have discovered and enjoyed.

charged as if in war. The males deserted the females who—andOnce he saw some young folks ahead. He deployed his mule packers

knelt down to implore him to save them. He found he had raised

a picnic party, so he called to the men to come enjoyed back—and

laughing at them for their valor. Again, he saw an antelope, and

proudly spurred on his hunting horse. He chased it as a British fox

hunter would. But at last when his horse came alongside of it he

did not shoot it. The fun of the chase had been enough.

He came upon the dead and scalped bodies of Americans—and

saw wild Indians in the distance. He threw his horses, pegged them

down by the legs, and in this tiny fort laid out all his guns for ready action. He kept a sight on the breast; of an Indiari chief who

rode close by his fort. Noting that he had not been observed by the

chief, he let him ride covered. Always where British and by—thus

Indians have met, the Indians have they do in Canada survived,—as

today. The British officer was trained to rule subordinate tribes

not to kill them. He was even shot at by his own servant who hoped

to steal his goods. But he only slapped the servant's face in punishment, and so cowed him that he ever after faithfully followed on.

In Guajoquilla the goods of Ruxton, Esq., were stolen. He immediately

flashed upon the officials such,'strong credentials that they turned out the whole town to hunt for them. And all were soon returned.

Mysterious references to credentials that brought officials to his feet in humility after challenging a supposed American '"burro,"abound in the narrative. Often these same credentials brought him military

escorts and reviews of local troops. Hardly any other credentials

but those of the British government would have done this. At last

he reached El military escort. He found Colonel DoniPaso—under

finehearted Southerner who had been so friendly towardsphan—the

Joseph Smith, encamped near that town, with a Missouri regiment.

They were "buddies"of the Mormon Battalion, who had struck south from Santa Fe, and so had left the Battalion to complete the march to California alone, of all the large bodies of troops in the

Army of the West. And this supposed civilian comments thus on the

Missourian as a soldier:

"The American never can be made a soldier; his constitution will

not bear the restraint of discipline, neither will his mistaken notions about

JOSEPH SMITH, AND THE GREAT WEST 659

liberty allow him to subject himself to its necessary control. Of drill and

maneuvers the volunteers have little or no idea."

Ruxton, Esq., rode on to Santa Fe, and then proved he was merely

keeping his civilian disguise to avoid formal acknowledgement, for he records that he met a deserter from the British army among General

Kearny's troops. He writes:

"I saw at once that some of Kearney's soldiers had once worn another uniform than the American blue. I was accosted by one whom I immediately

recognized as a man named Herbert, a deserter from the regiment to which

I had once belonged. He had imagined that, as several years had elapsed

since I had seen him, his face would not be familiar to me. He inquired

for his brother who was still in the regiment, denying at first that he had been in the British service."

And on another occasion Ruxton also enjoyed hearing the stablemen at Fort Leavenworth discuss whether he was* Indian or Spaniard, since he still wore his Mexican disguise. He records with what glee

he heard one of the American cavalrymen designate the regiment and troop of cavalry he belonged to in the British recognizing this army—he

soldier, also, as a British deserter.

Ruxton. heeded no warnings to turn keep out of the east—to

mountains. Oregon was calling way of the South Pass. him—by

He encountered blizzards that killed others. His tough and stubborn

British constitution saw him through. He camped where massacres

had just occurred, and heard himself called an American pig and learned that host after host to him had been killed a fewburro,—and

hours after his departure. Through snowdriftsi he plowed on—and

so came upon "Mormons"of the Mormon Battalion. He was not

glad to see them. Their going to California had meant death to

whatever hopes England had of holding that country northward.

For England had been thrifty and put 75,000 pounds as the total sum it wasi worth while rising in war for Oregon. He records:

"These 'Mormons'had left Col. Cooke's command on their way to

California, and were now about to cross the mountains to join a large body of their people who were wintering on the Arkansas, intending to proceed to California in the spring. There were some twelve or fifteen of them,

raw boned fanatics, with four or five pack mules carrying their provisions, themselves on foot. They started several hours before me, but I overtook

them before they had crossed the mountain, straggling along, some seated on top of the mules'packs, some sitting down every few hundred yards, and all looking tired and miserable. One of the party was an Englishman

from Biddenden in Kent, and an old Peninsular soldier. I asked him what

could have induced him to have undertaken such an expedition. He

looked at me, and without answering the question, said, 'Dang it, if I only once get hoam!'

It is difficult to imagine worse traveling than Ruxton encountered on what he called the "Yuta trail."Deep snow and a wilderness of

mountains were all he could see. He followed the "Mormons"on.

He compared the cold to lower Canada, finding it worse than any 660 IMPROVEMENT ERA

be had known there. A blizzard that gives one the shivers just to

read about swept his camp. And next day he came upon the bodies

of Battalion to death in the blast that mules,—Mormon mules—frozen

had almost frozen him. And yet those brave "Mormons"had gone

struggling their Pueblo camp. As for Ruxton on—muleless*—towards

turned eastward toward Leavenworth with a farewell note about—he

Oregon, which he now knows has come into America's possession by

iagreement.

Was our Mexican war, aimed partly at England? Listen to

Ruxton's estimate of it:

"The position taken up by Mr. Polk and his party with regard to

Oregon involved, as a natural consequence, the probability of a war with

England; nay more, if such position were persisted in, the certainty of war

with that power.

"That a majority of the people, and all right thinking and influential classes, were opposed to measures as would produce such a rupture, was palpable. "Therefore they looked about them for means of attaining their object, by blinding the eyes of the people as to their ulterior designs. Mexico was

made the scapegoat.

"To bring affairs to such a critical condition on the Texan frontier that a 'state of war'could at any time be assumed, was the stroke of policy by which Polk hoped to blind the people. Profiting by it he hoped to

make such preparations as would enable them to carry out their plans in connection with the Oregon question, and a probable war with England.

They thought that, even if hostilities broke out with Mexico, that power would at once succumb: and that in the meantime the war fever in the

United States would spread, and the people sanction an increase in the army and navy to make it available for another purpose."

He notes the sudden settlement of the Oregon question without war, and departs for Canada and home. Thus passed through the

1 of spies*, which will have to be dealt with inRockies one of a group detail to clarify the work for Oregon of Joseph Smith and his

Nauvoo people.

Chicago, III.

For The Soul That Comprehends There's a promise with every dawning.

For the soul that comprehends,

As one by one, when night is done,

The morn its gift extends.

There's gold in each ray of sunshine,

For the soul that comprehends,

And gladsome cheer, with naught of fear,

In the voices of its friends.

There's peace in the calm of moonlight,

For the soul that comprehends,

As from the blue, to faith renew,

It benediction sends, Provo, Utah GRACE INGLES FROST

SAN FRANCISCO TO LENINGRAD VIA THE

NORTH POLE Main Highway of the Air to be in the Arctic Regions

By Elizabeth Cannon Porter That most of the world's air traffic'will be in the far north was the surprising statement of Captain D. M. Le Bourdais, who recentlyreturned from Wrangel's island where the red flag of the soviet government of Russia is flying.

"This is because the great masses of land are in the north, and the shortest distance between the important cities of the world will be across the Pole,"he explained. He went on to say that he expected

this vast region of the almost unknown to become;'a network of air

routes within the next decade.

The Arctic ocean he designated as the Mediterranean of the future, with all of the most important countries of the world bordering on it.

Another prophecy that the young explorer made was that we will purchase caribou steaks in the butcher shops, for, with the transportation problem solved, thef wealth of the far north will flood the markets of the world.

Incidentally, the speaker destroyed some popular fallacies.

"It is not always cold in the arctic,"said he. "In the Summer

the thermometer frequently registers 90 or 100 degrees. It is the same

sun, and in the summer it shines'all the time."In proof of the mild

atmosphere Captain Le Bourdais exhibited the pictures of young esquimaux clad in the lightest and most abbreviated fur costumes, resembling the sarong of the islander of the South Seas.

He also showed men harvesting potatoes in an Alaskan field within the Arctic circle. Another photograph was of fire flowers

on which perched a butterfly. He corroborated the descriptions

1 this region, telling of seventy difof travelers of the wild flowers ofj ferent kinds found in one locality. The topograph much resembles

in appearance the country which lies between Salt Lake City and the lake. "We have witnessed the disappearance of the western frontier

1 may see the openin our generation,"he explained, "and some of us region greatest of alling of the northern frontier—the time—a

aggregating 50 million square miles."

Despite the luxuriant growth of vegetation in the summer, neither cattle nor sheep can be maintained here because of the long winter which would necessitate feeding, the correspondent explained, but opined that fifty million reindeer might support life. From 1200

662 IMPROVEMENT ERA

caribou originally brought from Siberia, there are now 400,000 in

Alaska. To Sheldon Jackson belongs the credit of bringing the first

of these animals to North America, he said.

The "horrible"Arctic regions Le Bourdais described as bonanzas of mineral wealth, their coal and oil deposits hardly touched; their

rivers teeming with fish; the wastes bearing sumptuous furs.

"This will attract population, for people will go where it pays,"he added.

How a woman lived when all the men died and was taken off as the sole survivor of Wrangel's island, was told in thrilling fashion by the Captain. She was an Esquimaux named Ada Blackjack. Esquimaux are necessary for the success of any far north exploration,

explained the speaker, because they make the clothing which the men wear. Women Esquimaux are especially in demand as they

manufacture the fur garments and soften the skins by chewing them with their teeth. So whole Esquimaux families frequently accompany

the white men.

Four governments have successively vied for the possession of

Wrangel's island, about sixty miles long, because of its strategic value for aviation.

Olaf Steffenson, who had spent five years among the Esquimaux, went for Canada on the largest expedition. His flagship was caught

in the ice and carried toward Siberia. It was finally crushed in an

ice jam 60 miles northeast of Wrangel's island, which was then unoccupied. Steffenson was on shore hunting caribou when it happened.

The crew stood in the darkness of a January, taking off supplies on to the floating ice. Because of the currents, the ice buckled and

would only freeze for about seven feet. There were 25 men in the

crew. They separated into groups of four men each. One party consisted of the surgeon, the oceanographer and the anthropologist. Two

of them had been with Shackelton to the South Pole. The scientists

with one sled and supplies for 50 days, endeavored to cross the 170 miles to Siberia. They were never heard of again. Of the others

who tried to make Bartlets', eight lost their lives, including a party

1.of four sailors

Kellog originally took up the island for the British as early as 1849. It was not followed up, however. In 1851, John Muir and

others went there. Carlot tried it in 1914, when the war broke out.

In 1921, Mauer, survivor of the Carlot expedition, interested a

Canadian, Allan Crawford, to go with several friends. At the

northern outpost they engaged Ada Blackjack, the Esquimaux woman who was to prove herself such a heroine.

They expected to engage other Esquimaux at Siberia but were disappointed in this. A relief ship was to come for them the next

year. By some misadventure the vessel did not arrive. The four

men had found hunting poor, and expecting help, had not laid in

SAN FRANCISCO TO LENINGRAD 663

proper supplies for the second winter. Therefore, when its night

closed in on them and they feared starvation,they decided to make a break for Siberia, although traveling in the winter time is usually avoided in the north. They left the woman to nurse Knight, who

had scurvy and could not go with the others'. All lost their lives.

The man who had been left behind and was faithfully nursed by the

Indian woman died in June. It was still "no man's land."

When the ship did finally arrive they found the woman there alone. The crew took her away and left Charles Week and twelve

Esquimaux to hold the island.

In the meantime Steffenson, going to Australia, and wishing to pay off some of his expeditions, approached Carl Lamon, the millionaire reindeer king of the north, and asked him, "How would you like to take Wrangel island off my hands? Send ships there and

raise the American flag?"

Loman took him up on it and engaged the Hermit with its skipper, Louie Lane, well versed in the; navigation of the north. It

was on this boat that Captain Le Bourdais made the trip. However,

they were only two days out of Nome, Alaska, when the crankshank broke. They had to put back to that port for repairs. It was Sept.

in the season, for the far they finally got under7—late north—when

way. On the 15 th of the month he sighted the islands.

"Wrangel's in sight,"cried the lookout.

"Sure enough, there it was, a black perpendicular cliff looming through the fog. Next day it began to snow and snowed steadily for

three days."

They could discern the south coast line, a glistening belt of ice, thirtyfive miles in width. Behind this loomed the mountains.

After an eight day vigil they came within six miles of the shore.

But the skipper was afraid that hist ship would get caught and be frozen in for the winter, so towards night he would make for the open sea. After three terrific days of storm the crew ran out of

drinking water. They melted ice. said Captain Le Bourdais.

They found that they could approach Herald Island, a smaller body of land 38 miles'east of Wrangel, with greater safety so they approached it, landed, and took possession of it for the United States.

After raising the American flag, the men, with Captain Le Bourdais acting as scribe, wrote a proclamation claiming the land for the

United States government, placed it in a bottle, and fastened it to a cliff.

Four miles beyond they espied a little gravel beach. Always on

the lookout for any possible sign of life, it was suggested that they explore the beach. Through his powerful glasses one man reported:

"I see a sled on the beach and what looks like a camp. It is

about 200 yards in front of the slate cliff."Accordingly they went

there. On arrival they found the tracks of polar bear and arctic foxes.

664 IMPROVEMENT ERA

By the sled they found the bones of a man. thigh, shoulder

blades and jaw. The latter they brought back to try and identify by

the dental work in the teeth. On the sled were cans of pemmican, a

gun, rusty, but with a plentiful supply of ammunition, indicating that the party had not perished from want. Nearby, in a fur sleeping

bag they found the skeletons of four men, intact, except for the skulls, which were gone.

With them they had matches, stove and bedding. The discoverers

attributed their deaths to the fact that they must have lain in the track of the winds of this region, been enveloped by a blizzard, and smothered with snow.

On their return to the ship, the second mate, an Englishman inured to the hardships of the north, remarked that he would give anything for one day under the skies of the blue Mediterranean.

Although they had grown to expect a daily catastrophe, the worst yet awaited them. A fire was discovered in the engine room, close

to where 200 gallons of gasoline and 200 gallons of oil were stored,

The men formed a bucket brigade. While the mate dipped a bucket

into the sea another pulled it over the side and handed it to a man who passed it along a line until the end man poured it on the flames.

It did not occur to the crew to desert the ship, for it was their one hope of escape from the grim clutches of the north. A second man

was detailed to dip, and the others redoubled their speed, '(expecting any moment to be blown to atoms. The extra water quenched the

flames and they put the fire out. Luckily the lights had lasted through

the horror.

On their return to Nome the first question that greeted them was, 'Did you see the Russians?"Never having landed on Wrangel's

island, they had not. The Russians had passed through three weeksbefore, planted the red flag of the Soviet government, and arrested

the party they found on the island, two of whom had died. The

Reds deported the men to China where they were finally taken care of by the Red Cross in Manchuria. Although the Soviets confiscated

their pelts which they had accumulated in the fozen north, they got restitution for some of them. Among the furs were 157 white foxes

and 40 polar bear skins.

Los Angeles. Calif.

Here And There There would be no "sexy"magazines printed if there were not people who are willing to buy them.

Money is a disease. A man took a bag of it once and was confined

in one room for ten years.

We forget the beauty of the rainbow when we run to seek the gold at its end.

C. R.packages.—D.Those who are entirely wrapped up in themselves make very small

PUTTING THE MUTUAL READING COURSE

ACROSS By Fred G. Barker, Editor of "FortyMinute Plays From

Shakespeare"

Preliminaries. It is assumed that the Mutual Presidents have announced

clearly in open Mutual and on more than merely one occasion the name of thi books, also where the books can be purchased, where the books can be borrowed, and that all members of the association are expected to read them.

Next, to give an impetus to the reading itself: First call attention to

the reading of the books in as striking and memorable a way) as you can.

Have four members of the Mutual read for one preliminary program four of the most interesting short episodes in the life of John Wannamaker, announcing at the close that The Biography of John Wannamaker is one of the books on the M. I. A. Reading Course that is to be read by all

Mutual members before June, 1926. A striking introduction to Pappini's

Life of Christ can be planned in the same way; the four strongest

descriptions of familiar incidents in the Christ life that the book contains.

The readers need offer neither explanations nor estimations; the passages

themselves will stand out as clear examples of the excellent reading material found in these books. Similar introductions may be given to the other

books. One of the FortyMinute Plays from Shakespeare may be read

by a group of members, or by a single dramatic reader. Either the playlet of

"Falstaff and Prince Hal,"or the playlet of "Bottom,"from "A Midsummer Night's Dream,"would be short enough for a preliminary program.

Second, hands should be called for in general assembly, and also in the classes, of those who have commenced the reading. Record should be

kept of the members who have finished each of the books. Announcement

should be made of the first mutual member to finish each book. A competition should be established between the mutual classes to see which class

will first read 25, 50, and 75 per cent of the reading course. Such a

competition needs no trophies, but it does need sufficient attention and regular enough inquiry of the classes, for the President to be able to announce progress and the winners of the per cents.

Reading Progress. Now it is taken for granted that the members

have begun to read or that a strong desire to read has been established in them. How can reading best be done? There are two ways by which an

extended course in reading can be finished in schedule time. The first is

by interjecting group assistance every second or third week. This method

is helpful especially to younger classes. It is a way of procuring a sort of

socialized reading of a chapter or two and crediting all the members of the class with the reading of that part of the book. The book of plays offers

perhaps the most natural application of this method. Assign the roles in

a short play to the various members of the class, and have them play the play (in imagination) right in their seats. The enjoyment of such group

reading is independent of scenery, lighting, costumes, or audience; for the

actor never sees the scenery or watches the stage effects; he is part of the

play, not part of the audience. And all of the Mutual class taking part in

such a classroom reading are actors, not audience. One member is the

stage manager and prolog, all the rest take a role, and if there are more roles than players, some of the players have two roles.

The Gospel of St. Matthew lends itself to a like group method of

reading; only the number of readers is differently determined, and the casting

666 IMPROVEMENT ERA

is not quite so obvious. Have one class member read the words spoken by

Christ. Have another read the descriptions of the incidents, assuming let

us say, the character of the evangelist. Have others read the speeches

attributed to apostles, the persons in the parables, etc. This others—the

is a much more difficult bit of art than the impromptu reading of a play, and takes both careful working out by the teacher and preparation by the class members. In fact, preparation adds to the interest of a group reading

of any sort, and often results in an artistic touch so pronounced that what was prepared for a class exercise often proves striking enough to make an excellent preliminary program.

The role of group reading, however, has no other function with reference to advancing the reading of the complete reading course than just to contribute its bit of credit for a few chapters or a play; the actual

reading of whole books depends much more upon individual reading.

Individual Reading. Few people aside from school children can indulge

in the mental orgy of reading a book through in a day or two. Most

of us have to husband our time and read but a page or two at a leisure moment now and then till in the end we have read the book after weeks

is the pity, sometimes skipping a chapter and sometimesofplace—and,dropping moreit and picking it up again, keeping our place and losing our

rereading it without knowing it, noticing familiarity of the material but not fully identifying it until we have reread at least three or four pages.

A more methodical method, therefore, suggests itself. Many people

set aside fifteen minutes or twentyfive minutes every night before bed, to improve their minds. Whether the hour be early or late, they always persist,

realizing that to preserve the excellent habit or reading regularly every day is of more worth than the fifteen or twentyfive minutes of sleep which they might gain that particular night but which can be made up again by planning better the course of the next day.

Such a method depends upon planning much more than upon "will power."In fact, psychologists tell us there is no such thing as "will power."

Everything is rather habit, and set. Habit is what comes when we repeat an

action until it requires little effort or less concentration than unfamiliar processes require. Set is attitude. It comes from the knowledge we have

gained through earlier experiments in our every day doings that we have the ability to do certain things and haven't the ability to do other* things.

Thus we have a set that when we are sleepy we can readi a novel or an easy, entertaining, racy book for a quarter of an hour, even! if it is bedtime,

and we have a set that we can read a more difficult book'on the evenings when we are not so tired. It pays to take advantage of these natural

possibilities; form the habit of reading fifteen or twenty minutes every evening, but choose your readings so that your psychological set will not interfere

with your habit but rather strengthen it and perhaps enable you to cultivate a reading habit that may last through life.

Dear Mother of Mine When, as a mere baby, dear Mother of mine,

I saw, from your clear eyes the bright lovelight shine,

The seeds of eternal affection were sown

Deep down in my heart, where I worship alone.

And there, despite Life's disappointments and fears,

They have ever developed all through the years.

Though the time has been long since the sowing was done.

They have pushed through the soil t'ward the light, one by one.

DEAR MOTHER OF MINE 667

Every lesson you've taught me has helped them to rise

Nearer the sunshine and cloudless blue skies;

Every tear you've shed o'er me has been the soft dew

That refreshed them and drew them much nearer to you.

Though bitter rebellion oft surged through my brain

In wild waves of anger when punishment's pain

You inflicted upon me for some small misdeed,

The soul deep within me ne'er failed to give heed.

And oft, when I lifted sin's cup for a drink,

It was lowered because of what "Mother would think."

Though strong the temptation and luring the way,

I have turned at the thought of what "Mother would say

And so each experience has aided the roots

Of affection's young plants to send up their green shoots,

Renewing their energy, speeding the day

When they should bear blossoms along life's dull way.

Thus, dear Mother of mine, in the years that have flown,

I have been well content just to call you my own.

I have been satisfied just to bask in your love

In its influence sweet, like a boon from above.

I've accepted your care and devotion so true,

With a passive thanksgiving to heaven for you;

I have realized vaguely the hardships you've borne;

I have sympathized, too, when your heart has been torn

When you have been weary and troubled and blue,

I've longed to give some of my own strength to you;

When you have been ill with dark worry or pain,

I've longed to bring sunshine and hope back again.

But never, till now, Mother dear, have I known,

The extent of the suff'ring you've borne for your own

The pain and distress that accompany the birth

Of another glad soul to inherit the earth.

But now that I know of the! things you passed through,

To give me my life, and the pain that you knew.

That affection has blossomed and a breeze from above,Has quickly matured it—'tis now a deep love,

A love that is worship, dear Mother of mine,

A reverence deep for a soul so divine;

And now I return to a greater degree

The measure of love that you're giving to me.

So now, in the future, I'll try hard to live

In a way that will merit the love that you give actions, I'll showIn my thoughts and my words and my

That I'm striving to go as you want me to go.

I will try hard to lighten the load that you bear;

I will strive to remove every worry and care;

And when, in your eyes, I see that light shine,

I'll know what it means, dear old Mother of mine!

Walter N. Horne.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS Work Still Progressing in the Rhineland "Missionaries laboring in the Ruhr District and the Rhineland are still able to bring many people to a knowledge of the gospel and to hold regular baptisms, despite the fact that making converts is somewhat more difficult than it was two years ago, and extra effort is necessary. Reports indicate

that all the seven organized branches of the Cologne conference are making steady progress, with as many as forty or fifty friends and investigators in attendance at the regular meetings, including the preaching service. We still

enjoy the freedom of seven school buildings for our religious services, which are very suitable meeting places, being unoffensive to any class of people.

A general conference was held Sunday, February 7, in the city of Dusseldorf, in the auditorium of the Luddendorf school. President Hugh J. Cannon was

in attendance, and saints and friends from all parts of the Rhineland assembled to hear the message of the mission president. Three new fields have

recently been opened to missionary work. We wait expectantly for each new

edition of the Era, for it is a great help in our work. "Glenn R. Dorius,

president Cologne conference.

'? 1 I I 5 3 J t-l

MISSIONARIES OF THE COLOGNE CONFERENCE

Bottom row. left to right: Hamilton Calder: Fred Crandal; Royal Hatch, of the

Hamburg conference: Norman Pierce, of the Hannover conference. Seated: John

Bauer: Johann Hense: Erwin J. Druk. president of the Stuttgart conference; Oliver

L. Richards, president of the Frankfurt conference: Mission President Hugh J.

Cannon: Glenn R. Dorius. president of the Cologne conference: Aaron T. Nibley,

president of the Hamburg conference: Leroy Winter, president of the Hannover

conference; Aaron C. Taylor. Third row: Stanley Goodwin, conference secretary;

Stanley Brox; Willard O. Sandberg; Ralph C. Cutler; Francis I. Moore; Glennwood

Froyd: Fisher Squires: Henry T. Wahlquist: Paul Hundsdorfer. Fourth row:

Henry Weidmann. Frankfurt conference: Roland Esplin: Bates Gibbons: John S.

Kunz; Reinhold Beckmann, Hannover conference; Ralph Chamberlin; George Poulter;

Grant Neath, Hannover conference; David Calder, Louis Burgner, Frankfurt conference.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 669

Enthusiasm Prevails in the Koenigsberg Conference

"We are enthusiastic over the progress in our field,"writes Elder

Max Lamprccht, president Koenigsberg conference of the GermanAustrian mission. "The work in this outlying district has flourished the past year

beyond all expectations. Being severed from the main body of Germany

by a strip of Poland extending north to the Baltic sea, the people of East

Prussia seem to be more humble and susceptible toward the teachings of the gospel, and the efforts of the elders and saints are crowned with success, there being ninetyfive baptisms during 1925. Especially fruitful is the

Masuren Sea district, where we have organized several Sunday schools. We

travel from village to village, tracting and holding cottage meetings. Many

spirited conferences have been featured during the last few months. As

a result of a recent protest meeting conducted against 'Mormonism,'our attendance has greatly increased, the people expressing their desire to investigate our claims 'firsthand.'We derive much good from the invigorating lines

of the Era."

ELDERS IN THE KOENIGSBERG CONFERENCE

Front row. left to right: Fred Dellcnbach. Ogden: Wayne P. Smith. Lehi: Max

Lamprccht. conference president, Blackfoot, Idaho; Fred Tadje, mission president:

Rowland H. Merrill, Stettin conference president; Herman F. Babbel, Salt Lake City;

Rulon J. Ballard, Salt Lake City. Middle row: Adrian S. Pugmire, Salt Lake City:

Wilmer C. Porter. Worland. Wyoming: Frank E. Miskin, Ucon, Idaho; Horace P.

Becsley, Salt Lake City: Morris Butterfield. Riverton: Reeves V. Baker. Boulder,

Utah. Top row: Leland Roswell. Salt Lake City; Clarence A. Kirkham. Provo;

Edward A. Croft, Orderville, Utah; W. Maurice Hart. Ogden; James W. Quayle, Jr..

Logan.

Ninetynine Baptisms

Sterling I. Tolton, Shreveport. Louisiana, reports that the work of the

elders in distributing literature is doing much in that district to break down the prejudice existing in some of the larger cities. "We appreciate the help

that the few shortterm missionaries have given us. Their influence among

the people has been felt for good. During the year 1925, ten elders laboring in Louisiana baptized 99 people; sold 794 Books of Mormon, and

1,725 small doctrinal books; one Sunday school was organized. Elders

670 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Jesse L. Jolley, Sterling I. Tolton and Cloyd B. Berry, Shreveport, through

the courtesy of the management, recently obtained permission to hold a meeting in one of the large hotels in the city. Much literature was distributed

and we have prospects of holding more meetings there. We enjoy the spirit

of the Lord and are enthusiastic in the advocacy of the Gospel of Jesus

Christ."Sterling I. Tolton, Shreveport, Louisiana,

Choir Aids in Conference Work

"One of our most important aids in the work of this conference is the Koenigsberg conference choir 'Dcseret,'which, according to Elder David

O. McKay, who witnessed its presentation of 'The Creation'by Haydn in

March, 1924, is one of the best choirs in the Church. The singers, many of

whom are not members of the Church, have devoted their untiring efforts in developing an organization of renown, and yet is a willing supporter of all the auxiliary organizations of the conference, and has been instrumental in providing financial means to aid many worthy causes. The choir, which

consists of approximately 100 voices, has been ably conducted the last year by

Brother Willy Reske, opera singer and composer; and it deserves special

recognition for its having presented before large audiences such works as 'Christrosen,''The Youth of Nain,''Christmas Oratorio,'by Willy Reske,

The Restoration'by B. Cecil Gates, and scores of hymns and anthems by

prominent Church composers and such masters as Mendelssohn, Schubert,Mozart and Handel."—Max Lamprecht, president Koenigsberg conference,

GermanAustrian mission.

Maori Agricultural College Holds Commencement

Exercises

President J. Howard Jenkins of the New Zealand mission reports that

the Commencement Exercises of the Maori Agricultural College, Hastings,

Hawke's Bay, New Zealand, were held on October 2, 1925, "when five of the fine products of that institution were graduated and thereby entered into the new experience of facing the world with the power of a wellfounded educational training. The occasion was an inspiration to all who attended,"

continues President Jenkins. "The five graduates, three of the Maori race,

and two of the Tongan, are worthy representatives of the Polynesian people, and examples of what the spirit of the gospel can do for mankind. These

young men were made to feel, by the addresses given, that their future activities should be devoted to the service of God and their fellowmen, actuated by the principles of life inculcated within them at their 'Alma Mater.'

The various musical selections, vocal, orchestral and band, added much to the inspiration of the occasion."

The day's program consisted of athletic activities at 2:30 p. m..

demonstrating the proficiency of the boys; a banquet at 6, at which speeches

and presentations were made by various Student Body officers; a school play

at 8, enacted by the members of the graduating class; and a dance at 9, at

which the chivalry and gentlemanly conduct of the College boys were evident. Supper was served after the dance.

"Many prominent business men, not of the Church, were among the visitors,"concludes the report, "all of whom expressed themselves in words of strength as to the great work this institution is accomplishing in preparing efficient and Godfearing citizens."

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 671

MAORI AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE AND FACULTY

Standing, left to right: E. Lester Brown. Mathematics and Industrial Arts; A.

Reed Halverson. former acting mission president: Stanley C. Kimball, secretary,

bookkeeping; George R. Henderson. Coach. Music. Animal Husbandry; Thomas W

Hickman. Science and Physiology; Marion K. Everton, editor mission paper. Sitting

William C. Carr. Agronomy and English: Albert E. Sells, principal of college.

Science and Agriculture; Nina E. Sells, wife of principal, and baby: J. Howard

Jenkins, mission president; LeRoy B. Jex. English and History,

Eight Records Established A conference was held on February 7 and 8 at Charleston and Huntington, South West Virginia, Eastern States mission. Meetings were well attended, especially at Huntington where 300 were present, of this number fully

150 were investigators. The local papers of these two cities gave good reports

of the conference, and excellent sermons were delivered by President B. H.

Roberts. Through our efforts we have established eight records for periods

of one month, including baptisms, children blessed, hours spent in attending meetings, study of the gospel, gospel conversations, and number of 672 IMPROVEMENT ERA

gospel conversations. Priesthood meetings, and meetings attended. We have

two branches and two Sunday schools. The Charleston branch, where the

chapel is located, is nearly fully organized, having in it the following fully organized: Sunday school, TeacherTraining, Relief Society, Young Men's and

Young Ladies'M. I. A.. Primary: and the Priesthood is partly organized.

The people of this section are becoming much more friendly and we feel

H. Burton, president, like a good work is being accomplished.—Marcus

West Va., conference. South.

Front row. left to right: Richard H. Christiansen, Lyman C. Pedersen, President

Marcus H. Burton. President B. H. Roberts. Doctor Margaret C. Roberts, Ben R.

Thomas, Arthur Palmer. Middle row: Stanley Jones, Mary A. Christensen, W. Q.

Dispain, Mabel Larsen, J. Frances Giles, Viva A. Elton, S. R. Godfrey, L. Clark

Showalter. Top row: Wm. S. Bailey, Thomas G. Barton, Ernest A. Richards,

Lowell R. Berry. W. H. Ohlwiler. M. Verdell Rigby, David O. Wilcox, and Nile

G. Matthews. Gertrude Blomquist, absent when picture was taken.

Work Progressing in Northwestern States Mission

Elder Ralph B. Stratford, secretary of the Northwestern States mission,

reports that the missionaries of the East Washington conference of that mission are making a splendid showing in their work. The mission was recently

honored with a visit from Elder Richard R. Lyman, of the Council of the

Twelve, who, together with Mission President Brigham S. Young, attended

three successful meetings held in Spokane, February 14. Fervent testimonies

were borne by the missionaries, and instructive discourses given by Elder

Lyman and President Young. "It was veritably a spiritual feast,"the

report states, "for which all felt to thank God."Elder Lyman and President

Young accompanied by the Spokane missionaries, also attended a meeting held in Coeur D'Alene, Idaho, where they delivered inspirational addresses to an audience composed mostly of persons not of our faith, and much interest was manifested and good accomplished. Elders Neldon Jacobson and

Parley N. Winn and Sister Gladys Williams, who are laboring at Coeur

D'Alene. have recently established a Sunday schoolin this district, and are

now endeavoring to organize Primaries. At Bonners Ferry, Idaho, an

entirely new district, Elders Frank E. Stevens and Owen W, Park have made

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 673

a remarkable showing in the short time of three months. One family has already applied for baptism, and many others are sincerely investigating. A Sunday school has been organized, and they are holding two cottage meetings each

week. Similar reports of success and encouragement have come from Elders

James E. Sim and Elmer Colby at Wenatchee, Washington; from Elder L. E.

Peterson, who is on special duty at Moscow, Idaho, where he has charge of all Latterday Saint work; from Sisters Helen Hamilton and Emma Harris,

who are making a special effort among the Primaries of that conference, besides their regular missionary work, and are making a N favorable impression among nonmembers. The other missionaries are laboring in different parts of

the city of Spokane, and are making substantial gains in the upbuilding of the kingdom of God. Sister Hazel Wells was recently transferred to Vancouver, B. C, and Elder Earl C. Bradshaw to Seattle, Washington. A

baptismal service was held in Spokane on February 7, when three more converts were brought into the fold. "As part of our regular endeavors,"

writes Secretary Stratford, "we prepare ourselves to meet every phase of missionary work, by regular missionary classes on Tuesday and Saturday afternoons, and a Priesthood class every morning."

MISSIONARIES OF THE EAST WASHINGTON CONFERENCE.

Leland Wells, Hazel Bradshaw, C. Earl Hughes, E. George right: to row, left Top Allen, T. Joseph Jacobson; R. Neldon row: Second Daines. R. Henry Laney C Stratford, president: RalphiB. mission S. Young, Brigham president: conference

mission secretary; Anthon E. Neilsen. Third row: C. Christy Thorpe, Gladys

Williams. Emma Harris. Helen Hamilton. Owen W. Park. Bottom row: Frank

E. Stevens, Parley N. Winn. Albert M. Belnap. James E. Sim.

674 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Hague Choir Doing Its Part

Dirk Mooy, secretary of the Hague Choir, Holland, writes that music is playing an important part in softening the hearts of the people, and their choir is doing its utmost to help prepare the way for the furtherance of the gospel. "Efforts have been made to permit us to sing in the local

hospitals and other places, where we endeavor to give the people a more favorable impression of the Latterday Saints. We appreciate the association

of the elders from Zion, and through their efforts many are brought to a knowledge of the gospel. We sing the 'Songs of Zion,'although not

all of them are translated into the Dutch language, and they bring a sacred spirit, and I am certain cannot be duplicated except by the inspiration of

God."

tVl I44 * t % A

THE HAGUE CHOIR, HOLLAND

The officers of the choir are: Annie De Bruin, chorister, shown in the picture with

baton in hand: Thys Winkle, president, to right of chorister: Agatha Homes,

organist, to left of chorister: Dirk Mooy. secretary, to left of Sister Homes. In

the picture also are three missionaries: Wm, F. Ashton, Salt Lake City; H. Poelman.

Magna, Utah: S. B. Woolley. Vernal, Utah.

Banner Year in Tasmania

Elder Rollin C. Smith of the Tasmanian conference reports that the

work is gaining a place of prominence among the people of Tasmania, many having recently been added to the fold, and the elders feel assured that there are yet many more who are anxiously waiting for the truth. The annual

conference was held on February 14, the sessions of which were enjoyed by more than one hundred saints and friends. Mission President Charles

H. Hyde presided. He expressed his appreciation for the splendid work

accomplished in 1925, and voiced his confidence that 1926 would be a banner year. Elders from both the Launceston and Hobart branches were

present. Twentytwo baptisms were performed during the past year, and

several applications have been made for the near future. We find the

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 675

Era very helpful in bringing the spirit of the gospel into the homes of the saints and investigators.

MISSIONARIES AT TASMANIAN CONFERENCE

Back row, left to right: Ivor H. Sudweeks, Nephi. Utah; J. Cash Smith, Smithfield,

Utah; Calvin R. Woolley, Centerville, Utah; Milton F. Pexton, Murray, Utah; Dow

P. Brian. Loa. Utah: Reuel E. Christensen, Ephraim, Utah; Lewis L. Pilkington,

Smithfield. Utah. Front row: Rollin C. Smith, conference president. Salt Lake

City. Utah; Caroline S. Hyde, president Australian Relief Society, Salt Lake City,

Utah; Charles H; Hyde, president Australian mission, Salt Lake City, Utah; Edith

Woodford, Sydney, Australia; Ezra D. Richardson, outgoing conference president,

Benjamin, Utah.

Honolulu to the Front The past year has indeed been one of success for the Honolulu conference, and can be fittingly called a banner year. At the beginning of

1925, the recreation hall valued at $30,000 was built by the Saints and elders, and is indeed proving to be indispensable as a gathering place for the young people through the auxiliary organizations. It was opened to an

audience of fifteen hundred, at the Mutual Improvement Associations'contest work and Jubilee celebration at the April conference.

The past year was also the celebration of the Diamond Anniversary of the arrival of the first ten missionaries to Hawaii, December 12, 1850.

The work, which was begun by this small group ofmissionaries, has grown by leaps and bounds, and at the present time onethird of the

Hawaiians are members of the Church. However, the work in this conference is not confined just to the Hawaiian people; for a list of the

converts of the past year includes the names of Europeans, Hawaiians.

Japanese, Chinese, Samoans, Marshall Islanders, and Filipinos.

All phases of the work are steadily growing, and the results are indeed gratifying. The conference records show one hundred eightythree baptisms

during the past year, an increase of twentythree per cent. The number

of tithe payers has increased forty per cent over the pervious year. The

average attendance in the eight Sunday schools of this conference has reached a total of one thousand, with classes being conducted in three languages.

676 IMPROVEMENT ERA

One of these Sunday schools is being held at the Kalihikai Leper Hospital.

In area, the Honolulu conference is one of the smallest in the Church.

It is six miles long and two miles wide, and embraces the city of Honolulu and its outskirts. Two new branches, Kakaako and Papakolea, have just

recently been organized, making, with Kalihi and Waikiki, a total of four fully organized branches. A new chapel for the Kakaako branch is now

under construction, and will be completed in the near future.

The arrival of the Samoans who have come here especially for temple work, the immigration of Hawaiians from the country districts, and the arrival of many of our Utah people have also had a tendency to bring about an increase in our numbers. And at the present time we have, in this

cosmopolitan city, a membership of approximately four thousand.

The Saints here are, in every way possible, rendering assistance to the missionaries in order that this great work might continue to grow and progress; that it might reach the ears of all who are residing in these lands.

Elder G. Elroy Nelson.

Front row: Robert S. Sant, president mission Y. M. M. I. A., Twin Falls; Athen

L. Reese, president mission Sunday schools, Logan; Ralph S. Roberts, incoming

mission secretary, Lehi; Eugene J. Neff, president Hawaiian mission, with

Lehua Neff, Salt Lake City; Louise C. Neff, Salt Lake City; Francis J. Russell,

outgoing missipn secretary, Salt Lake City; G. Elroy Nelson, president Honolulu

conference, Pleasant Grove. Second row: Marian Clark, president mission

Y. L. M. I. A., Salt Lake City; Ardis Neff; Chloris Rich, mission stenographer,

Salt Lake City; Eugene Neff, Jr.; Flora Amussen, Logan; Sydonna Willardson,

May field; Julia Kaluna, local. Third row: Stephen Kila, local; J. W. Jonah,

local; J. W. McGuire, local; Joseph Luahiwa, local; Lorenzo Torrefiel, local,

(working among the Filipinos); Wesley Neff. Fourth row: Harold Allred,

Gannett, Idaho; Walter Steffen, Brigham City; Albion Caine, Salt Lake City;

J. Wesley Williamson, Salt Lake City; Rulon Willardson, Mayfield. Fifth

row: Fred E. Lunt, Salt Lake City; Wayne L. Bcnnion, Salt Lake City;

George Kaluna, local; Walter N. Fieldgrove, local, (working among the

Whites and Chinese.)

Editors Table

President Heber J. Grant's Conference Message

This is a very wonderful gathering of Latterday Saints, the

Tabernacle being crowded to overflowing. It is certainly an inspiring

sight, and bears witness to the interest and devotion of the Latterday

Saints. I humbly pray that while I sitand before you this morning I

may be able to say something that shall in some small degree fulfil my share of this conference, which you can take away with you and feel that you have received some benefit by leaving your homes, some of you from Canada on the north to Mexico on the south, and from

New York to San Francisco.

Cause for Rejoicing I rejoice in the growth of the work of God. I rejoice in the

integrity and devotior*, and the willing self sacrifice of the people. I

am very thankful for all of the many blessings that have come to us as a people, from the time when that great pioneer, Brigham Young and that wonderful band of men and women, one hundred and forty odd, first came to this valley. I am thankful for the blessings of

the Lord that have attended the Saints, notwithstanding the drivings and the persecutions and the mobbings that they have had to endure during the 96 years since the organization of the Church.

Obedience to Law There is at the present time an agitation going on in the United

States against the enforcement of prohibition. Straw votes are being

taken which show that the overwhelming sentiment of those who have seen fit to vote on this straw ballot are in favor of the repeal or modification of the present law.

There is also a wave of crime sweeping over the country. Perhaps there is nothing of greater importance, next to our spiritual

growth, than a determination on the part of the Latterday Saints to observe the law9 of our country. I wish to quote from the immortal

Lincoln: Lincoln on the Subject

"Let every American, every lover of liberty, every well wisher to his posterity, swear by the blood of the revolution never to violate in the least particular the laws of the country, and never to tolerate their violation by others. As the patriots of '76

did to the support of the Declaration of Independence, so to the support of the

Constitution and laws let every American pledge his life, his property and his sacred honor. Let every man remember that to violate the law is to trample on the blood

of his father, and to tear the charter of his own and his children's liberty. Let

reverence for the laws be breathed by every American mother to the lisping babe that prattles on her lap; let it be taught in schools, in seminaries, and in colleges; let

678 IMPROVEMENT ERA

it be written in primers, spelling books and almanacs: let it be, preached from the

pulpit, proclaimed in legislative halls, enforced in courts of justice. In short, let

it become the political religion of the nation."

One of the Articles of our Faith declares that we believe in sustaining the law and supporting the rulers. So that not only should

Latter day Saints follow the advice of the immortal Lincoln, but they should follow the doctrines of the Church to which they belong.

Theodore Roosevelt Theodore Roosevelt has the following statements to make that would apply more or less to sustaining the law:

"In character we must have virtue, morality, decency and square dealing as the foundation."

"Any man who claims'there can be liberty in spite of and against the law is claiming that anarchy is liberty."

"We need strong bodies: more than that, we need strong minds, and finally

we need what counts for more than body or mind—character."

"The man who counts is the man who is decent and who makes himself felt as a force for decency."

The Word of Wisdom a Revelation to the Saints

The Latterday Saints have a revelation from God regarding strong bodies. In that revelation it is recorded that tobacco is not

good for the body. It is also recorded there that strong drinks are

not to be taken internally, but are only for the washing of the body.

We are told in this same revelation that hot drinks are not good for man. This revelation was given to the Latterday Saints in 1833,

only three years after the organization of the Church. Yet there are

many of the people who have never lived up to that revelation. But

I am thankful that the great majority of the Latterday Saints are tea, coffee, liquor andobservers of the Word of Wisdom—that

tobacco are let alone by the Latterday Saints.

I have read to you that we have seventeen hundred wards and branches in the Church. In each of the wards of the Church there

is a, bishop and two counselors and a ward clerk, and in each of the independent branches there is a president and two counselors'. There

are sometimes three presiding officers in the branches throughout the missions, and sometimes only one. But we have an army of mer>

presiding amounting to four or five thousand, and every one of those men must pledge his honor that he will observe the Word of Wisdom.

We have now ninetyfour stakes, with a presidency of three men, and a stake clerk, and we have twelve* high councilors in all of these stakes.

In addition we have many alternate high councilors. It will average,

I am sure, twenty men to the stake. So we have an army of two

thousand there, and every one of these leading men must obey the

Word of Wisdom.

On Women Smoking I read recently in a.paper published in our city:

"The woman smoker is the prominent professional and business woman in every community."

EDITORS'TABLE 679

I desire to broadcast all over the world that that statement is an absolute falsehood so far as the Latterday Saints are concerned. Never in

my life have I seen a Latterday Saint woman or girl smoking a cigarette.

This article states that last year there were 9,000,000,000 cigarettes smoked by the women of these United States, and that there were 7,000,000,000 cigarettes smoked by women the year before, an increase in round numbers of thirty per cent. The writer said that the woman smoker is "the prominent

commercial and business woman in every community,"I say: Leave out

every Latterday Saint community, because it is a falsehood.

"She is the wife of your local physician."She is not the wife of any

physician in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints so far as I know.

'She is the wife of the town banker, the attorney. She is the president of

your parentteacher club, your literary club."These statements are reputed

to have been made by Cynthia Grey. I would not be a bit surprised if

Cynthia Grey is a newspaper name, and it is one of the tobacco trusts who furnished the article.

"In other words, it is stuff and nonsense, nowadays, to say that the women who smoke are scarlet ladies."We do not say that. So she has put

that in to weaken the fight against this awful curse, cigarette smoking.

"Does nicotine harm the woman any more than the man, if it harms either?"Nicotine harms every man, woman and child that uses tobacco,

and we as Latterday Saints have the word of the Lord God Almighty, the

Creator of heaven and earth, to that effect this lady (or perhaps man), to the contrary notwithstanding.

"I am inclined to believe that even a woman smoker, quite firm in her conviction that she is doing the proper (I do not believe that thing"—any woman smoker believes she is doing the proper thing)—"would stop

smoking if any real authority could prove she was harming any possible future child of hers."The trained athletes of the nation are pretty good

authorities on the harm to the physical body, and they are practically a unit that tobacco and liquor do harm the body. Some of the great baseball

clubs of America, who have won championships, won't allow liquor or tobacco to be used by their men.

The head of the New York Athletic club, one of the greatest in this country, announces that there is no prospect of success in the athletic line to the man who uses tobacco and liquor.

"But medical savants, when pushed to the wall, seem not much alarmed."When they are not pushed to the wall the great majority of them

acknowledge the harmful influence of these things.

"The president of the Association of Railway Chief Surgeons is quoted 'A as saying Tags help men work out problems. Why not women?'

whip helps a horse to go a little bit further, but it does not add any strength to the horse, and no narcotic or stimulant that creates an appetite for itself is good for man or woman. And thank the Lord we have his word to

that effect..,

I will not take any more of your time reading from this article tor it is "rot."

Comments on Sustaining the Law

I meant after reading Lincoln's wonderful appeal to sustain the

Constitution, to read the following:

Gladstone said, speaking of the Constitution of the United States:

"It is the greatest document of its kind that ever sprang from the mind of man."

The faith of the Latterday Saints and the teaching that 1 have had since I was a child at my mother's knee, as well as from this stand is that the Constitution of our country was written by men inspired 680 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of the Lord God Almighty. Therefore, we as Latterday Saints, more

than any other people, ought to be supporters of the Constitution, and all constitutional law. I read a clipping from a great financial paper,

as follows:

'Pride goeth before destruction and a haughty spirit before a fall,'is as tru?

today as it /was 2,500 years ago. The indications of surface conditions are not

satisfactory. A crime wave is sweeping the country; hope is necessary to give a

thrill in the movies; temperance and selfcontrol have become a joke; observance and

respect for law are considered oldfashioned; honest labor is looked upon as something

to be avoided: too many are trying to get something for nothing and are going into

debt for needless luxuries and harmful pleasures."

Warning Against Debt and Wealth

Right here let me warn the Latterday Saints to buy automobiles

1and to buy the ordinary necessities of life when they have the money to buy them, and not to mortgage their future. I have heard of

people over in England who regularly mortgage their Sunday clothes

Monday morning and take them out of "hock"the next Saturday night. I want to say to you that those who discount their future,

who run in debt for the ordinary necessities of life and for the luxuries of life, are laying burdens upon themselves that will come back with compound interest to cause them great trouble and humiliation. To

quote again:

"Nasty magazines are building up great circulations while the colleges are closing up their chapels and opening up smoking rooms for the women students."Again let me say that that cannot be found in any of the Church schools or seminaries. Once more, please leave out the Latterday

Saints.

"I sincerely hope that these things are merely a phase and that the American people are still a Godfearing race. If not, these things are a tremendous indictment

of schools and colleges as well as parents. Yes. America has every material blessing

at the present time and if we will keep our feet on the ground, the present era of prosperity should continue for years. On the other hand, all wealth is a mere tool

which can be used either to upbuild or to destroy. Everything depends on the

motives, ambition and tastes of the people who have this tool in their hands."

Wealth is leading to folly and almost to that which would be counted as sin. Pope says:

"Vice is a monster of so frightful mien,

As, to be hated, needs but to be seen;

But seen too oft, familiar with her face,

We first endure, then pity, then embrace."

Avoid Serving the God of Fashion

I am ashamed, as I walk the streets of our cities, at the lack of modesty in the dresses, not only of our young people, but our mothers and even grandmothers. I will rejoice when there shall come over this

land again an increased respect for the sacredness of the body and a willingness on the part of our good, pure, upright ladies to dress themselves in a more becoming manner. I shall rejoice when the

EDITORS"TABLE 681

Latterday Saints shall endeavor to find out that thing which will bring to them and to their posterity peace and comfort of body and of mind. The Lord said that he was a jealous God, and that we

should serve no other God before him. So we should not serve the

God of fashion. When our Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement

Associationsi were organized they were organized under the title of the

Young Ladies'Retrenchment Associations, and one of the purposes was retrenchment and more modesty in dressing; and I shall rejoice

if the Lord will inspire the Latterday Saints to set a better example in the future than they are setting at the present time.

I want to announce that I shall be glad if we will quit giving notices to the papers of what is termed "teas"that are being held in our homes*. I reacj, of a "tea"being given in the home of President

Heber J. Grant, and of the "tea"table being decorated. There is

no tea table in the home of President Heber J. Grant. There has

been no tea served either to our friends or visitors, in the home of

Heber J. Grant. D would like us to change that name in our newspapers, at least so far as Latterday Saints are concerned, and have it a

"social gathering,"or a lunch, or anything you havel a mind, to call it, and quit calling it a "tea,"when every Latterday Saint is asked by the Lord, to leave tea, coffee and tobacco alone.

Promises of God to Observers of the Word of Wisdom

And for fear I forget it, I want to read to you one of the most marvelous and wonderful promises that God has made to every Latterday Saint who keeps this Word of Wisdom. The Word of Wisdom

was given, as stated, only three years after the Church was organized:

"All grain is ordained for the use of man and of beasts, to be the staff of life, not only for man but for the beasts of the field, and the fowls of heaven, and all wild animals that run or creep on the earth;

"And these hath God made for the use of man only in times of famine and excess of hunger."

It is being acknowledged by the great doctors today that an excessive use of meat is not good for humanity, and the Word of Wisdom teaches us that:

"All grain is good for the food of man: as also the fruit of the vine; that

which yieldeth fruit, whether in the ground or above the ground "Nevertheless, 'wheat for man. and corn for the ox, and oats for the horse,

and rye for the fowls and for swine, and for all beasts of the field, and barley for all useful animals, and for mild drinks, as also other grain."

Now listen, all ye Latterday Saints, to the word of the Lord and the promise of the Creator of heaven and earth:

"And all Saints who remember to keep and do these sayings, walking in obedience to the commandments, shall receive health in their navel and marrow in their bones; "And shall find wisdom and great treasures of knowledge, even hidden treasures;

"And shall run and not be weary, and shall walk and not faint.

"And I, the Lord, give unto them a promise, that the destroying angel shall pass by them, as the children of Israel, and not slay them. Amen."

What a marvelous promise! And as there is no promise made by

682 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the Lord only upon the condition that we fulfil the law upon which that promise is predicated, the law of life and health to the Latterday

Saints is to obey the Word of Wisdom.

The Support of Home Institutions

Generally at these conferences I have made just a few remarks about supporting our home institutions. I thought I would simply

read what I said once before:

"The support of home institutions is the main foundation of any state's prosperity. The support of home industries keeps money at home, furnishes employment, reduces cost and insures prosperity. If all the people of Utah and the other

intermountain states would adopt the principle of buying the product of the factories of the intermountain territory, most of our industrial problems would vanish.

"From the earliest days the people of Utah have been taught to support home industries and to keep money at home. Where, the advice has been followed) prosperity has resulted. Now. more than ever, the people of the intermountain country

should stand together and support the institutions which are assisting in the upbuilding of the territory."

Appeal to Farmers on the Sugar Industry

I want to say a word to the Latterday Saints regarding the beet sugar industry. The credit of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints was utilized to the extent of something over $3,000,000, a

few years ago in borrowing and loaning money to the sugar industry, to keep it from going into the hands of a receiver. This industry was

established by the Church running in debt to secure the money to build the very first factory that was ever built in the United States of

America with American machinery, for the manufacture of beet sugar, and the Church has always fostered the industry.

I appeal to you farmers, every one of you, in all the various parts of Utah and Idaho, and in Canada a sugar now—wherever

factory has been support those factories by planting established—to

a goodly portion of suitable land in beets which may be manufactured into sugar. A great many of the farmers sieem to feel that they are

under no obligation whatever to support these factories, some of which have been built upon the earnest solicitation and upon the absolute pledge of the farmers that they would furnish sio many thousand acres of beets for each factory. Several of these factories have had to remain

idle. Why? Because these pledges have not been fulfilled.

Our Lord and Savior said:

"Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind.

"This is the first and great commandment.

"And the second is like unto it. Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself."

As one of your neighbors, who hasi labored diligently and invested all he had originally, and lost every dollar of it, in establishing this great industry, I appeal to you farmers to love me and others who established it. My personal stock amounts to very little, I could not

sell it today for $500, but the Church has invested several million dollars in establishing and maintaining this industry for the benefit of

EDITORS'TABLE 683

the farmers. Therefore, I appeal to you to have no idle beet sugar

factories in your communities; and by supporting these factories you

will bring additional money into your communities, and will be fulfiling the second great commandment: to love your neighbors.

What the Church Requests as to Card Playing

By the way, I hear that card playing is becoming very, very popular, and that the Church must be in favor of cardplaying because the Church authorities never say anything against it. From the time

I was a child and read the Juvenile Instructor, published for the benefit of the people, I have read nothing except condemnation of cardplaying and the wasting of your time in doing something that brings no good bodily, intellectually or in any way, and sometimes leads your children to become gamblers, because they become expert cardplayers. The

Church as a Church requests its members not to play cards. I hope

you understand me, and I want you to know that I am speaking for the Church when I ask the people to let cards alone.

Sustain the "Deseret News"Again I am speaking for the Church when I ask Latterday Saints to sustain the newspaper published by the Church. I have gone into

the homes of bishops and other leading families) in this Church, and have failed to find The Deseret Evening News. We desire the support

of The Deseret News because it is your paper. We are the Church and

the Church owns The Deseret News, and if you make it a great financial success you will be sharing that success because it is your paper. And I want to say to the Latterday Saints that there have

been a score or more of| speeches published in The News in the past year, nearly every one of which to my mind was worth the price of The Deseret News. I called up an influential man the other day

and asked if he had read one, two or three of those sermons. He said

no. I want to tell you that a sermon by one of the greatest educational

minds in Utah, (I doubt if there is a superior one) Dr. Joseph F.

Merrill, over the radio, and subsequently enlarged upon from this stand, was published in The News. I would not take a fifty dollar bill for

it if I could not get it again. (See also Era, April.)

what? For the Gospel of the Lord Jesus We are here—for

Christ, and we get it in The Deseret, News. I will say] to you that

one of the finest sermons on Priesthood that I have listened (by to—the way, I did not listen to it, but I read it in The by one News)—was

of the great lawyers of America, one of the international lawyers, a man honored by our country to be called to Washington in the great conference on disarmament, J. Reuben Clark. You did not read it

if you do not take The News. It was a splendid talk. I want to

say to you that the talks bv Adam Bennion and by Milton Bennion are worth the price of The News for a year. I will have to stop

talking about The News, or I won't get through with the other things

I want to say.

684 improvement era

Authorities Absent From Conference

There are absent today of the General Authorities, Elders Reed

Smoot, James E. Talmage, and Melvin J. Ballard of the Council of

the Twelve. Elder Reed Smoot, as you all know, is a Senator from

Utah, and thank the Lord, for such a senator, a man who has gained for himself a national and an international reputation for his honesty, for his integrity, and for his great and wonderful ability, and he stands today at the head of the greatest committee in the Senate of the United States. I remember when exPresident Taft was here he

said, with that little chuckle of his that made us all laugh, "And to think that when he first came down to Washington nearly everybody tried to keep him out of the senate. Now I have come all the way

to Utah to plead with the people to be sure and send him back again."

Elder James E. Talmage is doing a wonderful and splendid work

in the British Isles as president of the European mission. Elder Talmage, as you know, is a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh,

and the distinction of being a member of onej of the greatest scientific societies in the world has enabled him to get favorable articles into the newspapers, in such a way as we have never been able to do before in the British Isles.

Elder Melvin J. Ballard is opening it mission, as you all know,

in South America, and is meeting with some success. Elder Brigham

H. Roberts of the First Council of Seventy, has! appointments in the

east and on account of the death of his wife and having come here to her funeral, he has been excused from this conference. He is accomplishing a remarkable and wonderful labor in the Eastern States.

Elder Rey L. Pratt, of the First Council of Seventy, is with

Brother Ballard in South America.

Elder Rulon S. Wells of the same council went to South America

as you all know, but on account of ill health had to return.

Splendid missionary work is being done by all those who are engaged in the different missions in the United States and all over the world, for which we are grateful.

Calls for Missionaries We have calls for missionaries from every quarter of the globe more missionaries, more missionaries. The lady missionaries, we want

it understood, are called only to labor in the United States. There

are requests coming constantly that we send lady missionaries to other parts of the world, but we feel it is a mistake to send our sisters further away.

A very remarkable and splendid work has been done by the shortterm missionaries that were sent out. We regret that the call

came so late, and many of them have only been able to stay in the field three months, some of them four and some of them five months.

We hope we can have more shortterm missionaries, and that they will be able to spend the full six months in the mission field. Some of the

EDITORS'TABLE 685 accomplishments of these men have been very remarkable. Men of

experience, men of testimony, and of undying faith in the Gospel have brought many souls to a knowledge of the truth. Perhaps some

of our school teachers during their vacations can volunteer and will be willing to do missionary work.

An Easter Greeting This is Easter, and I wish to read to you a greeting that was published in The Deseret Evening News for* Christmas and I believe it is equally appropriate for Easter Sunday. [President Grant read the

greeting. See Era, January, 1926.]

God bless you. Amen.

Changes in Statistics Officers—Church

It is generally expected that at the April conference of the

Church something shall be given in the nature of statistics regarding the condition of the Church. President Grant presented to the General

Conference these items of interest:

Stake Presidents Honorably Released: Mark Austin, Fremont stake; Peter M.

Hansen, (deceased), Bear River stake; Nelson J. Hogan, Idaho stake; Heber C. Austin,

Idaho Falls stake.

New Stake Presidents: George S. Romney, Fremont stake: Milton H. Welling,

Bear River stake; J. Fred Corbett, Idaho stake; Frederick A. Caine, Idaho Falls stake.

Mission Presidents honorably released: Albert R. Peterson, Norwegian Mission;

John S. Hansen. Danish Mission: Charles S. Hyde. Netherlands Mission; Herbert B.

Foulger, Tahitian Mission (acting.)

Mission Presidents appointed: Martin Christopherson, Norwegian Mission;

Joseph L. Peterson, Danish Mission; John P. Lilly white, Netherlands Mission; Alma

G. Burton, Tahitian Mission.

STAKE AND WARD STATISTICS There are at present: Stakes of Zion, 94; wards, 909; independent branches, 76;

missions, 26; branches in missions, 716. Making a total of 1701 wards and branches

now in the Church. There were less than 20 stakes of Zion at the time I was

chosen one of the twelve apostles of the Church, 43 pears ago.

Since our conference in 1925, 69 stake and ward meeting houses have been erected and 24 buildings in our missions, which makes a total of 93 structures during the year. We have not yet completed the Arizona temple, but the expenditures up to the 31st of December, 1925, on that building were $540,000.

GROWTH IN TEMPLE WORK We rejoice in the wonderful growth of work in our temples. In the Salt

Lake temple. I learn from Brother George F. Richards, we have had as high as

1800 people go through in a single day. Many companies go through there each

day, laboring for the salvation of their dead.

CHURCH SCHOOLS AND EDUCATION In our Church educational system we have enrolled: In Church schools, 4,184;

in Seminaries, 10,341: in Religion Classes. 57.000. Total number receiving weekday religious education. 71.525. This says nothing of religious education that is

being given to 59,000 women in our Relief Societies, 100,000 in our Young

Men's and Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement Associations, and a quarter of a million in our Sunday Schools. And I am informed that the enrollment of our

children in Primary Associations now reaches 100,000.

686 IMPROVEMENT ERA We have something over 2,500 missionaries in the field at the present time.

Financial statement: Following are the expenditures from the tithes of the

Church for the year 1925:

Stake and ward purposes: There has been returned from the tithes to the stakes

and wards for building construction, maintenance and operation, $1,486,351.81.

Education: Expended for the construction, maintenance and operation of

Church schools, $958,440.67. I

Temples: Expended for the construction, maintenance and operation of temples

$319,415.

There were ordinances performed in the temples for the living and the dead last year, 986,321. Number of people recommended to the temples, 55,695.

Charities: For the care of the worthy poor and other charitable purposes,

including hospital treatment, $172,352.74.

Missions: For the maintenance and operation of all the missions, and for

the erection of places of worship and other buildings in the missions, $769,926.79.

Making a total taken from the tithes and returned by the trusteein-trust for the maintenance and operation of the stakes and wards, for the Church schools and temples, for charities and for mission activities of $3,706,397.01.

Other charities: In addition to charities paid from the tithes, as before named,

there has also been disbursed the fast offerings, other charities and assistance rendered by the Relief Society, in the sum of $442,868.07, which amount, added to the

$172,262.74 paid from the tithes, makes the total charity assistance rendered by the

Church. $615,130.81. There has been collected by the various wards of the Church

and paid to missionaries to assist in their maintenance, $131,941.31.

Statistics regarding the growth of the Church: Children blessed and entered

on the records of the Church in the stakes and missions, 20,233. Children baptized

in the stakes and missions, 14,390. Converts baptized and entered on the records

of the stakes and missions, 6,3 73.

Social statistics: Birth rate, 32 per thousand; marriage rate, 15 per thousand;

death rate. 6.7 per thousand. one divorce in every 20 marDivorce—There was

riages. Average in the United States is one divorce for every seven marriages.

Families owning their own homes, 73 per cent.

Recreation on the Ocean

Claude C. Cornwall, field secretary of the Y. M. M. I. A., has accepted,

for the six months'Summer vacation, a position with the United States

Steamship Lines as a Recreation leader. He has been assigned to the

S. S. Leviathan, and sailed from New York for France and England

on April 10, 1926. This is a high compliment to Brother Cornwall, and

a distinct recognition of his Mutual Improvement recreational service.

When public announcement was made of Brother Cornwall's appointment, he received a letter of congratulation from Dr. Chas. G. Plummet,

Salt Lake City, from which we quote in part:

"What a tribute to Utah, to your Church, to you individually! You shall

go forth to far greater conquests than any you have thus far made in life. Always

naught shall deter. the leader, the Christian gentleman, a disciple of the Master—whom

"You have been selected for a difficult field of labor. A serious, yet joyous,

expression of the very best that is within shall give your very life to the you—you

work. I joy with you in your appointment; for it shall be a great, a tempering

school for you which shall lift lyou up and up to yet greater things wherein you shall develop a fuller expression of him, our Master."

The officers of the Y. M. M. I. A., and his many other friends throughout the stakes and wards of the Church, join in; congratulations to Brother

Cornwall in this important appointment, and wish him success in his new field of labor, and Godspeed on his journeys over the seas.

(Priesthood Quorums

Supervision of Inactive Members Holding the

Priesthood

Attention has been called to the fact that in a number of the quorums of the Aaronic Priesthood there are one or two, and sometimes more, of the members who, through carelessness in past years or for other reasons, have not been ordained to a higher office. The result is that they are older

the remainder of the members. This conin some cases much older—than

dition, however, it must be remembered is often the result of previous lack of care and supervision on the part of those who were at the time in charge of the work.

The questions asked are: What shall be done with these "overgrown"

members? Shall they be treated as our children over nine years who are

unbaptized? That is, shall their names be taken off the membership of the

quorum?

Answering the latter questions first: It may be stated that there is no

authority for taking the names of persons bearing the Priesthood from the quorum records in this manner. There is, in fact, no way of withdrawing

their record of Priesthood except by action against their fellowship by those in authority.

What then shall be done with them? The answer is: Labor with them

and continue that labor. Select men of kindliness, of tact, and possessed

of persuasive powers, to strive with them. The ward supervisors of the

Aaronic Priesthood should be very well suited to such effort.

Those who are appointed to this work should already enjoy or win the good friendship of those with whom they are laboring. The first step should

be to get such members to attend Priesthood meeting in company of the one who has invited them to come. Quiet, persistent, enthusiastic efforts are

needed to secure this result. They should be asked to attend whatever class

befits their age, although credit should be given for their attendance in the quorum to which they belong. Whoever presides over the class which they

attend should be informed beforehand of their coming into the class, and, while making them welcome, should avoid causing them embarrassment.

Followup work in getting their continued attendance is very important.

Cooperation between the bishopric and the ward supervisors, in giving them some interesting duties to perform, as they evidence some willingness, will encourage increased activity. As they show greater faith and attention to

the work they should be ordained to a higher office, and the work of encouraging and helping them should be continued until they are able to stand firmly for themselves.

In anticipation of the question, "Can these results actually be obtained?"

it may be stated that these results are being obtained repeatedly and with great benefits to those thus reclaimed.

The Presiding Bishopric New South African President

Elder Samuel Martin, of Ogden, has been called to preside over the

South African mission, according to an announcement published on April 3. He is now a member of the Ogden stake high council. For several years

he served in the bishopric of the Thirteenth ward.

OyYLutual Work

Program For June Conference The following prospectus of the June conference program will give an idea of the big things that will be presented during the three days, Friday,

Saturday and Sunday, June 11, 12 and 13, 1926, in Salt Lake City. Utah.

% Friday, June 11 From 9 to 10 o'clock a. m., joint opening exercises.

From 10 to 12 o'clock will be devoted to the Junior departments in separate meetings of the Y. M. and the Y. L. M. I. A.

From 2 to 4 o'clock p. m.. Senior department exclusively will receive

attention, the Young Men and the Young Ladies meeting in separate groups.

From 7 to 8:30 o'clock in the evening, the Advanced Senior class and

also the Recreation group, both joint, will meet in separate meetings.

From 8:30 to 10:30, a joint social will be held.

Saturday, June 12 From 9 to 12 o'clock a. m., the joint M. I. A. workers will discuss,

under the project method, the theme: "What are the outstanding needs of

the voung people of the Church, and how can the M. I. A. best meet

them?"The workers will be divided into eight or more classes, or groups,

presided over by members of the General Board, to discuss the question one hour; then, the groups will all meet together and the concensus of opinion

obtained in the groups will be presented to the ensemble and discussed.

From 12:15 to 1:45 p. m., there will be separate luncheons for the

superintendents of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations and also for the presidents of the Young Ladies'Associations.

Saturday afternoon, from 2 to 4 o'clock the final tryouts in literary and musical contests will be held (See Improvement Era for March, pages 508-9).

From 8:30 to 10:30 in the evening, a concert and grand finals in

the contest will be given.

Sunday, June 13 From 8:15 to 10:15 a. m., a joint testimony meeting of M. I. A.

officers will be held in the Assembly Hall.

From 10:30 to 12, general meeting in the Salt Lake Tabernacle, at

which the slogan for 192627 will be discussed.

From 2 to 4 o'clock p. m., the joint M. I. A. and Primary Associations,

and the general public, will meet in the Tabernacle, under the direction of the First Presidency of the Church.

Sunday evening, from 7:30 to 9 o'clock, there will be a general meeting

of the M. I. A. and Primary Associations to which the general public is

invited.

Officers'Notice, Contest Work

In the March issues of the Era and Journal, practically all the details relative to our contest work were covered; but the attention of officers is

called to the following items issued in a recent circular by the General Superintendency of the Y. M. M. I. A. and by the General Presidency of the

Y. L. M. I. A.:

1. Music Contests. If individual wards enter chorus or orchestra groups, it

will be necessary to hold a stake tryout. A stake chorus, (both Y. M. and Y. L.)

MUTUAL WORK 689

or orchestra, however, may be made up of individuals from several wards and the one chorus or orchestra may represent the stake, in which case a stake tryout is unnecessary. District tryouts must be held. Winners in district tryouts are to be

prepared to sing the ensemble numbers as indicated. Choruses and male quartets are

to be sung with accompaniment.

2. Public Speaking Contest. Stake tryouts and district tryouts must be

held. It is the purpose of the contest also that large numbers in every local association enter this contest. If this is done it will necessitate ward tryouts. Officers

are urged to make this contest a special feature for all M Men and Gleaner Girls.

3. Stake Tryouts should be held not later than May 15.

4. District Tryouts should be held not later than May 2 5.

5. Namesof Contestants, winners in district tryouts, are to be forwarded so

as to reach the General Offices not later than June 1.

6. For complete list of stakes as districted, see Y. M. M. I. A, Hand Book,

pages 79, 80.

7. The following stakes, starred in the Hand Book, will take the initiative

in preparing for district tryouts:

Districts Y. M. Supt. Y. L. Pres. and Addresses

1. Alberta, Seth N. Nelson. Fanny K. Duce, Cardston, Alta., Canada.

2. Big Horn, Woodruff Gwynn. Cowley, Helen C. Johnson, Lovell, Wyo.

3. Boise, R. Charles Gambling, 1903 N. 22nd St. Kathryn D. Willis, 1219

Franklin St., Boise, Idaho.

4. Fremont, Oswald Christensen. Ethel Schwendiman, Box 295, Rexburg, Ida.

5. Burley, James Bodily. Edith Langlois, Box 5, Burley, Idaho.

6. Montpelier, Clarence L. Wright, Box 32 6. Ada J. Von Almea, Montpelier,

Idaho. 7. Cache, Francis M. Young, 240 N. 1st E. Katherine M. Ricks, 658 E. 6

N., Logan, Utah.

8. Ogden, C. Angus Wright. Maude West, 2031 Orchard Ave., Ogden, Utah.

9. Granite, DeVoe Woolf, 1436 E. 13 So. Eva Lindquist, 2269 So. 8

E., Salt Lake City. '

10. Utah, Isaac Brockbank. Leona Durrant, 1089 W. 1 N., Provo, Utah.

11. Sevier, W. L. Warner. Ella Parker Ogden, Richfield, Utah.

12. Parowan, M. J. Uri'e. Alice C. Knell, Cedar City, Utah.

13. Young, J. L Walker. Lieve N. Behrmann, Redmesa, Colo.

14. Maricopa, Delbert L. Stapley. Ida R. Aldredge, Mesa, Ariz.

15. St. Johns, Albert F. Anderson. Laura F. Day, St. Johns, Ariz.

16. Uintah, Irvin"Eaton. Jean Merkley, Vernal, Utah.

17. Deseret, George Finlinson, Oak City, Utah. Grace Warnick, Hinckley.

Utah. 18. 'Los Angeles, J. A. Rasmussen, 1283 Browning Blvd. Vida E. Savage.

926 S. West Moreland Ave., Los Angeles, Cal.

19. Juarez, Miles A. Romney. Ida E. Turley, Col. Juarez, Chi., Mexico.

All who enter these contests are winners, since it is the effort and the spirit that count. The development which comes to individual M. I. A. members through participation in these activities is the real objective in contest

work. Success to all who take part.

Six Idaho Stakes in Leadership Week

The First Annual Leadership Week of the Southern Idaho District, comprising Cassia, Burley, Minidoka, Twin Falls, Raft River, and Blaine stakes, was held at Burley, March 1 to 5, inclusive. There were more than

500 people in attendance, and courses were given in the following subjects:

Folk dancing, play production, social dancing, scouting, religious education, methods of teaching religion, farmers conference, and social welfare. Assistance was given by Dr. H. M. Woodward, Dean L. John Nuttall, Jr., Wilma

Jeppson, and Lowry Nelson, of Brigham Young University; W. O. Robinson, of the Y. M. M. I. A., General Board; by specialists of the University

690 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of Idaho Extension Division and others. Herman P. Fails, second counselor

in. the Minidoka stake presidency, was in charge of the institute, which was

held under the auspices of the stake presidents of the various stakes. The

week was so popular with the people, that they voted to make it an annual event.

Granite Stake MerryGo-Round The third annual MerryGo-Round of the Granite stake M. I. A.

was given in the nine wards of the stake on March 30, 1926. Every ward

in the stake was represented with a very excellent act. Three prizes were

given: one for $15, one for $10 and one for $5. Approximately five thousand people visited the recreation halls of the nine wards during the evening

and were royally entertained by the presentation one after the other of the following program: Nibley Park, "Nibley Novelties;'"Richards, "Easter

Days;"Hawthorne, "A Forest Legend;"Emerson, "A Romance in Delph

Blue;"Wasatch, "If Eyes Could See;"Parleys, "A Phoney Radio;"Sugar

House, "Moonlight Sonata;"Highland Park, "Art's Triumph;"Forest Dale,

"Spring Fancies."There were some excellent fillers between the acts, which

kept the audience in good humor all the time, and the nine acts were presented in about two and a half hours. The presentations were lively, and the

young people received in each ward a rousing reception. There were no

delays. Each act was finished in its own ward, closing the ward programs. All the programs were presented in the Sugar ward, to the four or

five hundred people who took part. Admission was 25c for adults, and

children, 15c. The results of the MerryGo-Round ended in a handsome

remuneration for the M. I. A. organizations in the Granite stake.

in Sugar City Senior Girls and M Men

This is a flashlight of the Senior Girls and M Men of Sugar City,

Idaho, at the finish of one of their most enjoyable socials. Ideal standards,

good fellowship and the real aim of Mutual work characterized the evening's program. Games, stunts, luncheon served by the M Men and a dance, were

all voted a success, mainly because the slogan was, "Everybody on the floor;

no wallflowers."Much credit is due to the young people, who had charge

of the party, and we say keep up the interest, Seniors and M Men. Graham

McKay, in charge of M Men.

Los Angeles Coming to Conference

The Executive Committee of the Los Angeles stake Mutual Improvement

Association Senior Chorus have arranged for a trip to Salt Lake City during the June conference, and will take part in the Churchwide contests in music, 1 MUTUAL WORK 691 drama, public speaking and other events. The Gleaner Girls and M Men

have organized a chorus of two hundred selected singers, who will take part in this excursion and in this year's big contest in June. Already a hundred

and fifty of the stake's best young singers are enrolled in the chorus, which is under the leadership of Directors William Salt and Hortense Steed. Several

events have been presented to raise funds for this trip. It, is expected the

chorus will leave Los Angeles June 9, and after arrival in Salt Lake City will spend a day in seeing the sights around Salt Lake; the third, fourth and fifth

days will be accupied by the conference. Among other activities to be engaged

in by the chorus, which will travel on a special train, there will be a visit to Saltair, a trip to Ogden, a trip to Pine Crest in Emigration canyon, and an evening dinner dance at the Hotel Utah. On returning they will go

via Zion canyon to Los Angeles. They have secured special rates, and will

not be required to return in a body; provided, permission to extend their stay

in Utah is obtained from the parents of the young people. We congratulate

the M. I. A. workers, on their enterprise and enthusiasm in this undertaking.

Era Subscriptions Nicholas G. Morgan, member of the General Board Y. M. M. I. A.,

on a recent visit to North Weber stake, discovered that the Far West and

Harrisville wards each had gone over the top in Era subscriptions by double their required number. We congratulate the offic'ers of these wards on this

result, as we do all the officers in many wards that have made similar advancement in the matter of subscriptions for the Improvement Era. In

this connection, superintendents of stakes will notice that only about thirteen stakes have made the full) quota; eightyone are unfinished. Please complete

the canvass before the June conference. Subscriptions may begin in June,

and on. Back numbers cannot now be furnished.

I. A. Programs Fast Sunday Evening Joint M.

Outlines are being prepared for the Fast Sunday evening programs for the twelve months, beginning June, 1926. The programs for June, July,

August and September, with full outlines, will appear in the June issues of the Era and the Journal.

The theme selected for the programs relates to the life and labors of tht

Prophet Joseph Smith. Topic 1, for Sunday evening, June 6, will deal with

his religious yearnings, treating some of his early experiences. Officers are

urged to bear the general theme in mind for the Summer months.

Burley Men's Jamboree M of Burley stake, which consists On the 19th of February the M Men of nine wards, put over a jamboree in the Burley stake house. They entertained the Gleaner Girls, the president of the stake with bis counselors and

their partners, the bishops of wards and presidents of Mutuals, in a program which consisted of stunts, songs and musical numbers, and wound up with a dance and refreshments. It was the first party of this kind that these

young fellows had put over.. Their president closes the account by saying,

Men "The Church and the people here have a right to be proud of the M of the Burley stake."Hyrum S. Evans, president stake M Men.

Scouts in Idaho Leadership Week

Scouting formed an important part of the instruction during the First 1 to 5 inclusive. The Annual Leadership Week at Burley, Idaho, March

department of scouting was in charge of Herman P. Fails of the Minidoka

stake presidency. Scout Executive Douglas Hawley, of the Snake River

Council, gave some valuable instruction on Thursday, including cooking, camp sanitation and discipline, hiking, etc.

1. Top: A good game for scouts: "The Chariot Race,"being taught scout

leaders of the Snake River Council, by Scout Executive Hawley, at Burley during

Leadership Week, March 4, 2. Scouts taking cooking tests during South Idaho District Leadership Week,

at Burley, March 4.

3. Scout Leaders and Officers, Snake River Council in training at Burley,

March 1 to 5.,;

4. Scout Executive Hawley. instructing Scout Leaders in Camp Craft, in

preparation for Summer hikes, Burley, March 4.

MUTUAL WORK 693 Y. M. M. I. A. Statistical Report, March, 1926

a 3 8 a 'a a 2 c 2a S g a i.23 g i 2 2 2 i aas Cfl "—B a a 3 a mi 3o STAKES O a OS Eh a. *g o.o GQ Z Ed < < <.2 -a

eel 55 Z m| 53 A lpine 1000 1 8 16 n? 135 7fi7 381 910 1 13 71 1 14 181 479

Bear River - 332 12 8 74 99 87 25 103 388 49 65 41 14 61 230

Benson 756 14 11 91 134 196 42 215 678 65 61 104 18 138 386

Box Elder 638 13 13 123 252 182 88 250 895 95 140 103 38 188 564

Cache 615 11 10 100 73 172 218 563 70 35 75 124 304

Carbon 150 10 4 36 54 52 8 70 220 31 31 25 8 42 137

Cottonwood 717 10 9 93 92 220 271 676 73 25 91 176 365

Deseret s. 471 12 12 106 187 160 17 141 611 65 100 75 12 82 334

Emery 477 9 6 49 36 1 19 196 400 35 95 69 108 7,3 7

Ensign 934 8 8 85 1 1 1 781 78?74 829 71 74 1 15 41 73? 533

Garfield 278 8 2 9 14 10 20 53 5 6 3 6 20

Grant - 1170 14 12 119 102 279 62 333 895 94 74 135 31 225 559

Gunnison 288 7 7 49 63 91 27 90 320 39 21 49 14 49 172 500 10 4 32 50 65 85 232 22 29 44 33 178

Jordan... 1011 16 16 139 206 284 420 1049 93 79 183 237 592

Juab 336 5 5 41 97 87 135 360 31 65 43 98 237

Kanab 215 6 6 41 66 47 91 245 31 26 19 61 137

Liberty 1350 12 12 134 246 339 233 353 1305 110 185 182 151 265 893

Millard 344 8 8 5 6 82 119 12 109 378 45 58 64 3 72 242

Morgan 203 10 8 63 103 26 9 84 285 49 76 17 7 54 203

Mount Ogden 637 8 8 78 110 129 35 189 541 62 52 59 23 134 330

North Davis 446 6 6 54 76 107 33 131 401 37 35 26 14 80 19 2

North Sanpete 719 10 7 66 50 200 36 183 535 49 26 116 28 130 349

North Sevier 267 6 3 42 101 62 19 69 293 13 30 16 4 15 78

North Weber 640 13 13 101 93 140 30 234 598 76 35 69 17 150 347

Oquirrh 462 5 5 50 86 101 29 147 413 43 23 31 12 78 187

Panguitch 261 6 5 40 71 77 18 63 269 30 36 38 15 52 171

Parowan.... 494 8 7 50 115 115 34 98 412 33 63 81 14 57 248

Pioneer.... 782 10 8 61 67 142 51 200 521 48 32 61 17 93 251

St. George.... 680 15 10 93 178 138 107 117 633 55 107 79 66 62 369

Salt Lake 1067 13 13 137 168 208 57 398 968 93 77 104 27 353 554

San Juan 182 4 4 36 48 61 25 56 226 26 40 22 16 24 128 336 6 6 54 90 128 59 99 430 29 42 77 38 75 261

South Sanpete 480| 7 5 31 110 121 262 24 36 75 135

South Sevier 200 8 7 10 10 4 10 34 10 6 4 10 30

Summit 467 12 11 68 88 83 21 141 401 49 33 41 7 62 192

Uintah 404 10 8 58 110 126 26 120 440 46 70 60 18 65 259 667 8 8 80 104 127 247 558 58 34 64 173 329

Bannock 242 10 8 64 79 60 55 258 50 47 43 41 181

Bear Lake 363 11 1 1 85 91 115 32 112 435 56 51 59 9 60 235

Blackfoot 514 13 12 107 140 123 26 130 526 71 91 66 18 116 362

Burley... 3 74 9 8 56 124 73 28 87 368 44 78 42 13 43 220

193 6 6 47 66 46 17 63 239 33 66 21 6 38 164 91 10 4 24 25 28 42 119 16 12 10 13 15 66

Franklin 420 11 11 97 132 88 178 495 58 76 39 140 313 657 14 13 107 229 194 82 175 787 83 137 98 32 114 46f 203 11 8 57 83 36 16 46 238 39 53 35 6 21 154

Idaho Falls. 540 1 1 10 73 169 86 124 452 56 150 48 76 330

84 4 4 29 40 34 46 149 17 18 16 VI &8

Malad... 336 8 8 87 97 94 109 387 55 74 72 80 281

354 11 9 71 86 59 150 366 50 47 34 125 256 1 434 56 60 61 21 112 310 574 10 9 77 80 92 36 149 9 6 42 | 49 24 47 30 1 192 35 19 19 14 27 114 Portneuf—258

694 IMPROVEMENT ERA

.9 SI 8 I o a ex a a. 3 2 ila g g. S-8 g g 2 3 aa Sa E 193 g "O 9 *2 00 3 STAKES 11 9 3 si il 11 5 &i E a 00 &

00 S s So *< i< <

160 8 5 33 50 23 47 153 18 24 11 22 75Raft River—Rigby.. -—520 13 9 71 106 84 19 91 371 55 81 65 14 70 285

Teton 300 8 3 17 35 40 10 102 15 11 27 10 63

Twin Falls 210 6 6 33 64 44 56 197 29 44 34 36 143

Yellowstone 370 10 6 51 93 67 72 283 31 60 33 34 158

Alberta 371 11 11 94 1481151 203 596 77 94 95 149 415

Juarez 127 5 5 16 80 50 27 28 201 14 60 45 20 22 161

Lethbridge. 223 9 8 73 82 70 33 65 323 65 59 49 25 59 257

Maricopa 402 8 8 75 121 116 24 163 499 56 82 70 16 112 336

Moapa - 191 8 7 54 90 48 37 79 308 35 62 29 30 33 189

Sr Joseph 341 15 8 64 118 103 28 131 444 47 78 60 21 79 285

Star Valley 359 11 7 113 78 121 11 116 439 43 19 42 45 149

Taylor 333 6 6 78 106 172 87 443 59 83 110 54 306

Woodruff 435 9 9 80 170 125 16 150 541 55 124 81 8 92 360

N. W. States. 313 23 22 87 196 57 32 36 408 73 143 43 18 28 305

Calif. Mission 1046 33 33 204 382 224 71 165 1046 163 243 148 58 108 720

Y. M. M. I. A. Efficiency Report, March, 1926

STAKES 3"2M o

Alpine., 9 5 10 7 9 9 9 9 9 8 84

Bear River.. 10 6 10 10 9 10 8 8 9 9 89

Benson 9 6 8 7 5 9 8 6 7 7 72 Box Elder 10 6 10 7 4 10 10 10 10 10 87

Cache 9 5 10 9 8 10 9 9 10 8 87

Carbon 10 6 4 2 3 4 3 4 4 4 46

Cottonwood 9 5 10 10 10 10 10 10 8 9 91

Deseret 10 5 9 7 7 10 10 10 9 9 85

Duchesne 10 10 10 5 1 10 10 5 10 10 81

Emery 8 6 8 8 8 5 8 7 8 8 74 Ensign 9 6 10 10 10 10 10 8 10 10 93

Garfield 2 4 10 6 7 8 10 8 8 10 73

Grant 8 6 9 10 9 9 9 8 9 9 86 Gunnison 10 5 7 3 9 10 9 8 9 9 79

Hyrum, 5 6 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 91

Jordan, 10 6 10 10 8 10 10 9 10 10 93

Juab 10 10 10 6 10 10 10 8 10 8 92

Kanab 10 6 8 10 8 10 7 8 7 10 84

Liberty 9 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 99

Millard 10 6 9 4 6 9 8 7 9 8 76

Morgan 10 10 8 6 3 10 8 10 9 5 79

Mount Ogden. 8 6 10 10 8 10 10 10 10 10 92

North Davis 9 5 10 9 8 10 10 9 10 10 90

North Sanpete 7 7 7 10 6 7 6 6 9 7 72

North Sevier 10 3 10 5 8 4 3 9 5 65

North Weber. 9 6 10 5 9 10 10 10 10 87

Oquirrh 9 5 10 10 6 10 10 8 10 10

MUTUAL WORK 695

3, S aa *? a a. ao "1 Ss Ba a 1a2< STAKES s 3o a

Es 008 aft. a5s bfig I"

< si Panguitch, 10 10 4 4 4 9 5 5 4 55

Parowan 8 6 9 10 10 10 4 8 7 5 77

Pioneer 7 5 7 6 7 8 g 7 8 8 69

St George 9 6 10 7 8 10 9 9 10 78

Salt Lake 9 6 10 10 10 10 8 10 10 10 93

San Juan 10 6 10 5 5 8 10 10 5 5 74

Sevier 10 6 10 9 8 8 6 10 10 10 87

South Sanpete 5 5 10 10 10 10 10 6 10 10 86

South Sevier. 2 10 10 10 6 10 8 7 10 8 81

Summit—9 5 9 7 2 10 8 10 8 7 75

Uintah.. 10 6 10 5 7 10 7 6 8 8 77

Weber 8 6 9 7 8 10 8 8 10 10 84

Bannock 10 10 10 2 10 10 5 10 10 77

Bear Lake 10 5 9 6 7 10 10 10 7 8 82

Blackfoot 10 10 9 6 8 10 9 8 8 9 87

Boise. 8 8 9 7 6 9 8 7 9 6 77

Burley. 10 6 8 7 9 8 9 6 9 9.31

Cassia 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

Curlew 10 5 5 2 3 7 10 10 3 1 56

Franklin 10 6 10 10 7 10 10 9 9 10 91

Fremont 10 6 9 10 9 10 10 10 9 10 93

Idaho... * 10 7 5 6 6 10 8 10 6 8 76

Idaho Falls 8 10 10 6 9 10 10 10 10 9 92

Lost River 10 5 10 3 6 10 7 9 5 8 73

Malad 10 10 10 10 8 10 10 10 10 10 98

Oneida 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 9 7 96

Pocatello - 8 10 9 10 9 9 9 10 6 9 89

Portneuf 8 6 5 2 2 10 5 6 5 4 53 10 5 9 10 10 10 5 6 65Raft River Rigby 7 10 6 4 6 6 9 9 10 5 72

Teton 3 6 6 3 3 10 10 10 10 6 67

Twin Falls 9 10 10 8 7 10 7 8 10 10 89 8 6 9 7 7 10 10 10 9 9 85Yellowstone—

Alberta 10 10 9 3 9 10 10 10 10 9 90

Juarez 10 10 10 10 5 10 10 10 10 10 95

Lethbridge - 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

Maricopa 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 "10 10 100

Moapa 10 6 5 3 3 7 9 9 5 5 62 St. Joseph - 10 10 10 10 8 9 10 10 9 10 96

Star Valley 10 3 7 6 6 10 10 10 8 6 76

Taylor 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

Woodruff. 10 10 10 9 8 10 8 10 7 8 90

N. W. States. 10 10 9 10 10 10 8 7 10 7 91

Calif. Mission 10 10 10 4 10 10 8 10 10 10 92

Fair Play for the "Mormons"The heading of a remarkable article in the London Sunday Express, of February 14, 1926, reproduced in the Millennial Star for February 25.

is written after a thoroughThe author is Viscount Castlerosse. The article

investigation of "Mormonism,"as a result of interviews with Senator Reed

Smoot about a year ago, and later with Dr. James E. Talmage, at the

is a manly acknowledgement on thehome of Lord Beaverbrook. The article

part of the writer that he has been ignorant and prejudiced as regards "Mormonism,"but that he has changed his views, and he pleads for fair play in behalf of the missionaries.

(Passin'k Events

The Byrd Arctic expedition weighed anchor off Rosebank, Staten Island, and left for open sea in the steamship Chautier, April 6, 1926.

Telephone conversation between Rugby, England, and Chicago, was held for twenty minutes, March 29. Mr. Arthur A. Oswald, who built the

Rugby radiotelephone station, called up his fatherin-law, Mr. Wm. H.

Safford in Chicago, and told him of the success of the venture.

The John L. Shafer oil well No. /, was reported,, on April 4, to have

flowed at the rate of 2.020 barrels daily, during the first 12 minutes, 1,680

barrels during the first 21 minutes, and 1,200 barrels during the first 30 minutes. The well is situated about 12 miles south of Moab.

The Brigham Young College, Logan, will be discontinued after this school year. This was the announcement made by Superintendent Adam S.

Bennicn, of the Church schools, at a meeting of the B. Y. C. board of

trustees, March 31, 1926. Possibility that the buildings may be sold to the

city, schools and two L. D. S. church seminaries 'established in Logan, was

voiced, says the neswspaper reports. The buildings have been appraised at

$209,000 and equipment at $50,000.

War on the Mexicari government by the Catholic church was begun on

March 30, 1926, by Charles W. Darr, attorney for Archbishop Curley of

Baltimore, demanding that our government withdraw recognition of the

Mexican government. The demand was made in an address before the

Foreign Affairs committee of the House of Representatives, and the speaker said he represents 20,000,000 Catholics in the United States. Mr. Darr

explained that Mexico by its constitution has laid the foundation for bolshevism.

Notice to the West meeting of all who bear the name of Family—A

West and related lines, who may be interested in temple work, will be held during the June Mutual conference, for the purpose of forming a West

Surname Organization. A genealogy of the progenitors and descendants of

Francis West, of Druxbury, Mass., was recently completed and published by

Joseph A. West. Ogden, Utah. One hundred copies of this work are still

on hand. These will be distributed, at a nominal cost, at the meeting to

those who attend.

A successful flight in the Arctic was reported from Fairbanks, Alaska,

April 7, 1926, when Captain George Hubert Wilkins and Lieutenant Carl

Benjamin Eielson arrived there from Point Barrow, Alaska. They had

ventured 140 miles north of that point without discovering any unknown land. The farthest point north in their flight, made on March 31, was

latitude 73 degrees 30 minutes. That was 70 miles farther than Vilhjalmur

Stefarson attained in 1913. Seventy miles north of Point Barrow his ship

was stopped by the ice pack.

Senator Smith Wm. Brookhart, of Iowa, was unseated, April 12, 1926,

by a vote in the U. S. Senate of 45 to 41. Senator Brookhart is classed as

an "insurgent"Republican. His opponent, Daniel F. Steck, who was sworn

in by VicePresident Dawes immediately after the vote, is a Democrat. Until

the very hour of the roll call the result was in doubt, but sixteen Republicans joined with twentynine Democrats in voting to unseat Brookhart, overwhelming the nine Democrats, thirtyone Republicans and the one farmerlabor senator, who supported him.

PASSING EVENTS 697 A destructive tornado swept the oil district of Texas, March 25, 1926, and ten or twelve wells were loosed from control, in the oil field near

Orangeville. A path about a halfmile in width was cleared of derricks

by the wind, and. when the equipment went, the flowing wells ran wild.

Property loss was estimated at $1,000,000. It was confined principally to

125 wrecked oil derricks. The tornado lasted only a few seconds, and was

followed by a heavy rain and steady, strong wind. The oil spouting from

the uncontrolled wells was blown long distances and coated the field.

Delegates from Chili and Peru met in Washington, April 6, 1926, to discuss the TacnaArica question, with a view to arriving at a settlement.

Secretary Kellogg, in opening the conference, asked the delegates to "set an example to the world of a willingness to make concessions, adjust their differences and again restore their diplomatic and commercial relations. The

meeting of the ambassadors and their staffs at the state department marked the beginning of direct negotiations, initiated by the United States as mediator, for settlement of the aged dispute between Chile and Peru over the sovereignty of the two provinces.

An ultimatum, from foreign powers to China, issued March 1 6, gives the belligerents 36 hours in which to comply with the demand that they cease interfering with the foreign shipping. The action was taken as a

result of conferences of consular and naval authorities whose decisions were approved by legations. French, Italian and American gunboats have gone

down the Peri river to Taku from Tientsin, thirtyseven miles distant.

Numerous other foreign warships already are assembled off Taku bar, outside the harbor. American residents in Peking protested against inteference by

the United States in the affairs of China, on the ground that it is harmful to American interests.

The first oneday trip from Los Angeles to Salt Lake City by a Douglas plane carrying a standard load was made on Monday, April 5, by Major C.

C. Mosley, vicepresident of the Western Air Express. Under government

mail contract the company is scheduled to start operations April, 17. The

trip being made is a test for the plane and one of several that will be made before opening the service. Major Mosley was accompanied by James G.

Woolley, traffic manager of the company. On April 17, the air connection

between the two points was established. Two.'planes started, one from

each terminus, and made the trip in about seven hours. Charlie N. James

was the pilot of the plane from Salt Lake City.

Secret radio messages ate now said to be possible, by the use of an instrument called the word literally meaning "cryptotelestereograph,"—a

"secretlong-solidwriter."The inventor is Monsieur Belin, and his invention is said to enable the sender to transmit the original handwriting of

anyone in a photographic copy, by wireless. Monsieur Belin has just

succeeded in sending his "Belinogrammes"from Vienna to Paris, a distance of 1000 miles. He says there is no reason why the messages can't be sent

across the Atlantic. Both sending and receiving instruments must be carefully

synochronized. The incoming message looks like a paper covered with iron

filings, or dust, and cannot be read if the receiver hasn't the necessary key.

Judge Thomas Marioneaux died April 2, 1926, at his home in Salt

Lake City, after a brief illness of pneumonia. He has been known as one

of the leading men of the American bar. He was born in New Orleans,

La., January 21. 1867. He came to Salt Lake City, in 1889, from

Denver, and became at first associated with the firm of Bennett, Marshall %S

Bradley. He was admitted to> the bar of the supreme court of Utah and to

the United States district court of Utah in 1892, and from 1894 to 1896 served as court reporter in the Third district court. He served as district

attorney of the Fifth judicial district from 1899 to 1900 and in 1900 was 698 IMPROVEMENT ERA

elected district judge of the Fifth judicial district, where he served until 1904.

Dowager Queen Louise of Denmark passed away, March 20, 1926, at

Copenhagen. She was the widow of King Frederick VIII. The death

was due to a heart attack, superinduced by pneumonia. She was 74 years

old. The deceased was the daughter of King Charles XV of Sweden and

Norway. She became queen of Denmark in 1906, when her husband, Crown

Prince Frederick, succeeded to the throne of his father, King Christian IX, who died Jan. 30, 1906, at the age of 88 years. The dowager Queen was

born Oct. 31. 1851. Queen Louise was the first sovereign of Denmark

to die as dowager queen in 150 years. All of her children, except King

Haakon of Norway, were at the deathbed, as well as Queen Alexandria,

Crown Prince Christian Frederick and Prince Knud.

The tenstory Medical Arts building to be erected upon the site formerly occupied by the Historian's office, Salt Lake City, has been financed and is at present in process of construction. It will cost in exdess of $450,000,

and it is expected that it will be completed by the end of the current year.

The Medical Arts Building Company has succeeded in financing the structure. Dr. Fred Stauffer is the president of the Medical Arts Building Company, with Dr. E. F. Root, vicepresident. Lewis Telle Cannon and John

Fetzer are the architects. The building will be used only by members of the

medical and dental professions and supply houses, catering to their needs.

Nine upper stories will provide ninety spacious offices, and the ground floor will have a large lecture room, and four stores.

Mussolini was wounded in the face by a bullet fired at him by an Irish woman, the Honorable Violet Albina Gibson, 54year-old sister of Baron

Ashbourne, a resident of Compiegne, France. The population is jubilant

because the dictator escaped death. The woman, Gibson, was born in

1876 at Dalkey County, Dublin, and a little over a year ago was the central figure of a dramatic incident. She was devoutly religious, and went to Rome

in December. 1924, for the papal jubilee ceremonies and stayed at a convent.

One day the mother superior, alarmed at hearing a shotlike sound, knocked at Violet's door. Apparently the woman had shot herself, but was able to

open the door. She asked for a priest, to whom she stoically told of her

action, explaining that she had "tried to die for the glory of God."She

was sent to the hospital and recovered.

Benjamin (Uncle Ben) Perkins, one of the original pioneers of San

Juan county, died in Los Angeles, California, March 29, 1926. The body

was brought to Monticello and buried there on April 6. The deceased was

born in Swansea, Wales, in 1844, and came to the United States with his brother, Hyrum, in 1868. He was (instrumental in bringing to Utah his

father, mother, two sisters, and Mary Ann Williams, whom he married soon after her arrival in Salt Lake City. Uncle Ben Perkins passed through the

scenes and experiences incident to early pioneer life in Utah and the West, and did his part in developing the country and in turning the desert into a fruitful field. Later in life he married Sarah Williams, a sister of his first

wife, and by the two unions he was blessed with 23 children, 18 of whom survive him, together with 84 grandchildren and 18 greatgrandchildren.

President Thomas P. Cottam of the St. George Temple, died at his

home in St. George. Utah, March 15, 1926. He was born in Salt Lake

City. Sept. 28. 1857. but went with his parents to St. George in 1862,

where, later, he engaged in stock raising and agriculture. He was appointed

as bishop of the Fourth ward by the late President Wilford Woodruff in 1887, and served in this capacity until 1896. He served in many other

official church capacities and in 1917 was ordained a patriarch. Upon the

'death of President David A. Cannon of the St. George temple, President

Cottam was chosen as his successor.. Besides his Church activities, President

PASSING EVENTS 699

Cottam served a term as mayor of St. George, was assessor and collector for

Washington county for a number of years, and was a member of the legislature from 1905 to 1908.

Luther Burbank, the famous horticulturist, died at his home in Santa

Rosa. Cal., April 11. after an illness of two weeks. He was born at

Lancaster, Mass.. March 7. 1849, of English and Scotch ancestry, and he

was the thirteenth of fifteen children. At the age of 22, he happened to

find a seed ball of the Early Rose potato, which rarely bears seed. From this

he developed the worldfamous Burbank potato that has spread to every portion of the globe and which is said to exert a greater influence upon the food supply of humanity than any other single food plant. Shortly afterwards he moved to California, where he bought a small farm and undertook

the many experiments for which he has become famous. Next to the

potato, the accomplishment which brought fame to Burbank, was the spineless cactus, whereby he turned a worthless desert growth into a valuable forage and fruiting plant. In recognition of this work he received in 1912 a

United States grant, congress under special act turning over 7680 acres of nonirrigable land to be located either in California, Nevada or Arizona.

It has been estimated that Burbank's 100,000 or more experiments with plant life involved the planting, pollenization, observation and propagation or destruction of a billion individual growths. From this vast number, however,

only 385 were selected and recommended by him as of value to humanity.

Some of these were under his observation for twentyfive years before being given to the world.

Honorable Joseph A. West, civil engineer and pioneer citizen of Ogden,

a son of Bishop Chauncey W. West and Mary Hoagland West, pioneers of

1847, died in Ogden City April 17, 1926. He was born in Salt Lake

City September 12, 1851, and at the age of five years the family moved to

Ogden, where Brother West has been a leading worker in every department for the furtherance of the Church and State all his life. As civil engineer

he had charge of the construction of the Utah Central Railway between

Salt Lake and Ogden, and also surveyed the Utah Northern between Ogden and Logan, later the Oregon Short Line. He was chief engineer of the

Sumpter Valley Railway in Oregon, and secretary of this road at the time of his death. Practically every railway in the West has been benefited by his

services at different times. In early days he was one of the students of

telegraph by call of President Brigham Young. The first office of the

company was opened at Ogden, December 1, 1866, and Brother West

President Young's congratulatory message directed to Chauncey C. West,

bishop of Weber county. Joseph A. West was at one time manager of the

Ogden Junction and made it a morning paper. He was interested in the

first water works of Ogden City. In Church affairs, he was the first

superintendent of the Y. M. M. I. AJ there. He has served the Church in

many capacities, including a mission and many activities in his home county, and also served as a representative in the Legislature. He was a frequent

contributor to the Improvement Era, and a one time General Secretary of the Y. M. M. I. A., and associate editor of the Contributor. In later years

he became associated with David Eccles in the northwest lumber trade.

Funeral services were held in Ogden on April 19, interment being in the

Ogden cemetery. Surviving are his widows, Josephine Richards West and

Sylvia Child West. He was the father of eighteen children, and had thirtyfive grandchildren and eleven greatgrandchildren living at his death.

Mrs. Susa Young Gates was honored on her 70th birthday by a large

gathering of family and friends, who paid high tribute to her active life.

The occasion was the 70th anniversary of her birth, Thursday, March 18, 1926. The gathering was held in the Lion House, which building was also

700 IMPROVEMENT ERA

seventy years old on the same day, and in which building she was born seventy years ago. Cafeteria supper was served to the company from 5 to

6 p. m.. followed by a very interesting program, in which the speakers

brought instructive, humorous and interesting oldtime memories and lauded

Sister Gates as one of the outstanding women in the Church, and as a devoted mother and wife. Her husband, Jacob F. Gates, gave a sketch of

their married life, in which he wove in much wit and romance pertaining to his first meeting with his wife, courtship and their marriage at St. George.

Mrs. Gates spoke in reminiscent vein of her early associations. | Among the

noted speakers were President Heber J. Grant, Presiden* Anthony W. Ivins,

President Chas. W. Nibley, and Elder Orson F. (Whitney of the Council

of the Twelve. Charlotte Perkins Gilman, noted author and nationally known

director of women's activities, a fast friend of Mrs. Gates, paid her tribute

in verse which she read. The speeches were full of much humor, emphasized

the many talents, the ability and the leadership possessed by Mrs, Gates, and gave glowing tributes to her achievements. A reproduction on the phonograph of a speech by President Joseph F. Smith, given to the Young family

more than twenty vears ago, Was listened to as one of the features of the evening. Professor Maude May Babcock gave two readings; and a beautiful

phonograph selection by Emma Lucy Gates Bowen delighted the audience.

The following brothers and sisters of Mrs. Gates, sons and daughters of

President Brigham Young, were present: Col. Willard Young, Don Carlos

Young, Morris B. Young, Mrs. Maria Y. Dougall, Jeanette Y. Easton,

Clarissa Y. Spencer, Ruth Y. Healey, and Fannie V. Young. It was a

delightful evening.

HThe death of Colonel John C. Coolidge, father of the President, on

March 18, 1926, though expected for some time, nevertheless came so suddenly that President Coolidge, who sped northward on a special train, failed to reach the bedside before the end had come. Miss Florens Cilley, who

conducts a general store in the village, and her ward, Violet Hickory, were the last visitors to the sickroom. They called shortly before 10 p. m., but

the Colonel did not recognize them, being in a state of coma. He passed away

shortly after they left. / The physician, Dr. A. M. Cram, the nurse, Mrs.

Johnson, and the bodyguard were with him to the last. Colonel Coolidge,

who was within two weeks of his eightyfirst birthday, had been sinking gradually since he suffered a severe heart attack a week ago. At that time

his physician said his patient was at the point of death. His pulse rate

reached 140. The President's father's illness attracted attention first in

April last year. It was found later that he suffered from gas on the stomach

and bowels, and that inflamation had set in. On June 28 he was operated

on. He seemed greatly relieved at first, but he has been reported sick since

then, on several occasions. Until during the Christmas season he continued

to perform the "chores"about the place, but at that time he lost the use of his legs and had since been confined to his bed. Mr. Coolidge was born at

Plymouth, Vermont, March 31, 1845. His title he obtained from service on

the staff of Governor Stickney of Vermont.. At the age of 27 he was elected

member of the legislature, where he served six terms as representative and one as senator. Colonel Coolidge in 1868 married Victoria Josephine Moor.

They lived in a tenement in the rear of the store, where President Coolidge was born, until 1878, when, upon the death of bis father, the colonel moved into the latter's home, the present Coolidge homestead. Mrs. Coolidge died

when Calvin was 12 years old. The colonel's second wife was Carrie A.

Brown, who died in 1920. After his son became the occupant of the

White House, Colonel Coolidge made occasional trips to Washington, but always appeared glad to get back to his farm and the life to which he had so long been accustomed.

Motion Pictures The following pictures have been previewed by the Committee on Recreation and may be obtained from the Visual Education Department of the University of Utah:

special. A Hunt Stromberg personally Off the Highway—8 reels. An allstar

written and directed by supervisedMike—production.7 reels. A MetroGoldwin-Mayer picture

Marshall Neilan. A sparkling comedy drama of life in a desert town, with Sally

O'Neill.

Charlie Murray. Steel Preferred—7 reels. Vera Reynolds, William Boyd, and

A tremendous dramatic story filmed in the heart of the great steel industry. The Million Dollar Handicap—6 reels. A Metropolitan production with Vera

Reynolds, Edmund Burns and Ralph Lewis. A great melodramatic picture of the

American turf, vibrant with humor and thrills.

1 reels. Douglas Fairbanks. Swift action, tender roDon Q Son of Zorro—1

mance, thrilling stunts, with lightninglike whiplash, comedy, rapid adventure, high conspiracy, mystery plots.

We again call your attention to the picture America, which was mentioned in the list published in the April Journal and Era. Specially recommended by the Committee.

IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1926 Two Dollars per Annum Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter

Hcbcr J. Grant, Melvin J. Ballard, Business Mgr. XpA't

Edward H. Anderson. Moroni Snow, Assistant.

Acceptance for wailing at special rate of postage provided for in Section 1 103, Act of

October 3, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918

In Hawaii Frontispiece The Soul's Captain. A Poem Orson F. Whitney 611

Diamond Jubilee of Missionary Effort in Hawaii.

Illustrated..Francis J. Russell 613

Harold Dingit's Wild Ride. A Story David Horatio Morgan 620

A Mother's Worth. A Poem O. F. Ursenbach 627

Motherhood. A Poem Alberta L. Jacobs 627

Oratory, Poesy and Prophecy Orson F. Whitney 628

"Twenty Nickles."A Story George Blair Glade 632

May Day. A Poem Mrs. Otis Geise 633

Wild Life of the Forest. Illustrated Benjamin Swapp 634

My Mother. A Poem C. H. Durrant 637

The Choice. A Story Weston N. Nordgran 638

Mother is Praying for Me. A Poem Elsie M. Larsen—641

A "Speeding"Cure. A Story Glen Perrins 642

Bits of Philosophy Nephi Jensen 643

The Formal Opening) of Bryce Canyon Grace Wharton Montaigne 644

Laughter. A Poem - D. C. Retsloff 647

Latterday Saints'New Seminary at Payson, Utah.

Illustration 648 An American Indian Pageant. Illustrated Victor Lindblad 649

Things as They Are. A Poem Bertha A. Kleinman 651

Pioneers. Song with Music P. D. Griffith 652

Joseph Smith, and the Great West /. K. Russelt 653

For the Soul that Comprehends. A Poem Grace Ingles Frost 660

San Francisco to Leningrad via the North Pole Elizabeth Cannon Porter 661

Putting the Mutual Reading Course Across Fred G. Barker...: 665

Dear Mother of Mine. A Poem Walter N. Home...666

Messages from the Missions. Illustrated 668

Editors'Heber J. Grant's ConTable—President 677 ference Message /—Statistics 686 Changes in Officers—Church

3 riesthood Quorums 688 Mutual Work 68 9 Passing Events 69 6 Advertisin Policy of the Era g

We accept only the highest class of ad vertising. We recommend to our readers

the firms and goods found in our advertising pages.

ADVERTISERS IN THIS ISSUE Beneficial Life Ins. Co. Jos. Wm. Taylor, Undertaker

Bennett's Service Stations University Extension Conservatory

Desert News Utah Home Fire Ins. Co.

Dinwoodey Furniture Co. Utah Agricultural College

Jensen's Jewelers Utah Radio Products Co.

Model Knitting Works Utah Power & Light Co.

Salt Lake Knitting Store Zion's Cooperative Mctle. Inst.

Southern Pacific Lines

Humorous Hints

(Contributions for this column solicited.)

The United States leads the world in cases of nervous prostration: it also leads the

world in women automobile drivers.

Most of the automobile accidents happen in the city; there are more dodging

places out in the country. D. C. R.

"A cat isn't the only animal that has nine lives."

"How do you know?",

"Our cow has kicked the bucket ten times this week."Perrins.

YOUNG MEN who are particular in their desires for something DIFFERENT—something entirely NEW in the latest Knitted "SWEATERJACKETS"$7.50 to $12.00—Fancy striped "Collegiate Sox"

stripe neckties"$1.00 each—if—65c a pair—or "Military

you want to be the "FIRST"with the newest "Knitted things"write us for further just what interests particulars—Mention

you most. WE GUARANTEE to satisfy you.

"Everything Knitted"

Salt Lake Knitting Store 70 MAIN SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

When you come to Salt Lake, come in and let us tell you all about it.

The Deseret News Salt Lake City, Utah TRAVEL AND Phone Wasatch 550 PEDESTRIAN Or Call At Our Office

ACCIDENT INSURANCE

Few knees are above see level. Perrins.

The early worm gets the hook. Perrins.

He was a man of metal, but he lost his temper. Perrins.

Here lies the body of an unknown, sap, who tried to drive with a girl on his lap. Perrins.

Teacher: "Study hard, Willie, and you will soon be able to sing. Bobby

learned how to sing in no time."

Willie: "Yes, I know he did. That's just the way he was singing the other

day."Nordgran.

Electric Cooking

Costs $2.88 PER MONTH

Average paid by our 8,023 electric range users.

Utah Power Light Co & Efficient Public Service

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS. PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

AGAIN GREAT SUMMER OPPORTUNITY -A

The National Summer School again offers teachers and students of the

West an opportunity to secure the courses they most need under an outstanding faculty on the delightful campus of the Utah Agricultural College.

VISITING FACULTY To the strong resident faculty of the College the following educators of national and state prominence have been added:

E. A. ROSS, Professor of Sociology, JOHN A. WIDTSOE, Formerly Presof Utah Agricultural ColUniversity of Wisconsin—Sociolident ogy. lege and University of Utah—Ag- A. C. MCLAUGHLIN, Professor of ricultural Economics and IrrigaHistory, University of Chicago tion.

History. DR. R. A. MILLIKAN, Director, NorLOUIS M. TERMAN, Professor of man Bridge Laboratory of Physics, Psychology, Stanford University Pasadena—Lecturer. Educational Psychology and MenEDWARD HOWARD GRIGGS, New tal Tests York—Lecturer. Professor E. V. MeCOLLUM, of bioSHAILER MATHEWS—Dean, chemistry, Hopkins UniverJohns ity School, University of Chicago—Divinsity—Nutrition. Lecturer.

J. E. INEEDHAM, E. A. BRYAN, President. Ohio Unilogy, Cornell University—Biology.Professor of Bioversity—Lecturer. Director, HINMAN, MARY WOOD H. SKIDMORE, Superintendent. Chi- C. of Dancing, School Hinman Box Elder County Recreation. Schools—School and cago—Dancing and Administration. J. Director of PhysiOrganization H. McCURDY, cal Education, InterNational Y. ORSON RYAN, Superintendent, Lo- M. C. A. College, Springfield, gan City Schools—Utah State

Mass.,Review—PrinciplesEditor, Physicaland EducationMethods CHARLOTTECourse of Study.STEWART, Superof Physical Training. visor, Salt Lake City Playground E. LAURENCE PALMER, Professor—Recreation. of Rural Education, Cornell EDITH BOWEN, Primary SuperRural Education and Nature Study. visor, Logan City Schools—MethMRS. E. LAURENCE PALMER, Edods of Teaching Elementary Subitor, Cornell Rural Leaflet—Rural jects.

Education and INature Study. A national authority in Primary and

C. F. SMITH, Department of ScoutElementary methods is being seing, Columbia—Scouting and Reccured. Announcement will be reation. made later.

COURSES OF SPECIAL INTEREST TO TEACHERS

Introductory Psychology. Methods of Teaching Home EcoEducational Psychology. nomics.

Psychology of Adolescence. Mental Tests. Methods of Teaching Agriculture.

Principles of Education. Methods of Coaching.

Science of Education. School Organization and AdminisMethods of Teaching Nature Study. tration.

Methods of Teaching Science. Cluh Organization and Management. Principles and Methods of Physical Health Education. Training.

Primary Methods. Educational Art

Methods of Teaching Elementary SmithHughes Training.

Suhjects. Puhlic School Music

It is possible to meet all requirements for certification in Utah by attending the National Summer School and to meet the new requirements in coaching and physical education. Residence requirements for baccalaureate and master's

degrees may be satisfied by summer study. Exceptional opportunities for

recreation afforded.

First Term: June 23 14—July

Second Term: July 29 26—August

Registration Date: June 12

Tuition: $25 for First or Both Terms;

$10 for Second Term.

For descriptive literature and catalog address

NATIONAL SUMMER SCHOOL UTAH AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE, LOGAN, UTAH

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THE NEW ERA This is the Fulness of Time—the keep in touch with the World's

Age of Miracles—of wonders progress, and messages by the

of startling inventions. Intellithousands are caught from the

gence is replacing ignorance and air and reproduced in the most little by little man is overcom- remote homes. But so complex

ing and subduing the earth. is this Radio process that only

Perhaps the most marvelous facthe best and most delicate intor in this New Era is the Radio. struments give satisfaction—for

By means of efficient Radio this reason the "Utah Loud equipment the masses of people Speaker"always ranks first.

Ask the man who uses one

Utah Radio Products Company SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Working For 100 Points the Season Round

Chas. "M. Clawson of Pima, Arizona, reports a recent song contest in

which every class, both Y. M. and Y. L. M. I. A., participated. The

words were composed within the class, and the points for judgment were upon the words, the rendition and the number enrolled participating. The

response was exceptionally good. He adds: "We have some splendid

Mutuals in St. Joseph stake, and some very energetic workers trying hard

to put the Mutual program over the top, for which we are thankful. The

Ashurst ward has scored 100 points each and every month during this season's work, to date, and are trying hard for a 100% record for the entire year, including the test months, April and May. Most of the other

wards have made good records for the entire season."

Are You in Love? SM& There are very few times in a woman's life

when she gets a greater thrill than when she is presented with her* ring".

The romance, love and beauty of life lives with it always.

For over 50 years the diamonds purchased from Jensen's have increased in value.

Select your diamond now.

Cash or Terms

EST. 187 5

; HEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

LATTERDAY SAINTS GARMENTS From FACTORY direct to you. Made to ORDER Old or New Style.

Lowest Price. Highest Quality.

No. No. 209 All fine silk $5.00 24 Heavy bleached $2.20

4 Lt. flat weave 95 10 Med. 1/3 wool 2.75

11 Lt. cotton unbleached 1.40 16 HeilVy 1/3 wool 3.75

20 Lt. cotton bleached 1.60 18 All Merino wool 5.50

60 Medium unbleached 1.65 59 Med. y2 silk % wool 7.00

22 Medium bleached 1.85 21 Light silk stripe wool 4.25

19 Heavy unbleached 2.00 25 Lt. y2 silk y2wool 5.00

If Postal M. O. is inclosed with your order POSTAGE will be PREPAID

in U. S. Outside add 15c per garment.

Specify OLD or NEW Style, long or short legs or sleeves. Give these

MEASUREMENTS for all styles: Length, from top of shoulder to inside

ankle bone. Bust: Around body under arms. Sleeve: from shoulder seam

down to length desired. Double backs 20c extra per Garment.

APPROVED LABEL AND CORRECT PATTERNS

Model Knitting Works

How Raymond Ward, Alberta, Canada, Did It

N. Lorenzo Mitchell, president of the Raymond, Alberta Canada, First

ward Y. M. M. I. A., informs us that for the month of March their officers

decided to make a drive for enrollment, and to aim for 100% attendance of the enrollment. "On the 28th of February, sixtythree were enrolled, with

an average attendance of 84%. At the end of March, after figuring up, we

found that we had increased our enrollment to ninetyone, and that every enrolled member had been present for each and every class session during the month. The attainment of this objective entailed no small amount of work,

but the result was worth it."

What the Raymond, Alberta, ward has done, every ward in the Church can do, if the work is undertaken and applied.

In 1850 it was the hum of the spinning wheel that kept mother busy;

now it is the hum of the motor. MusicLessons * * *

UNDER MASTER TEACHERS Johnny Green was working in the city editor's office. The editor went

out and left Johnny in charge, and when, he returned he asked Johnny if Home anyone had called. M Johnny: "Yes, a man called to see Course Conservatory CompleteA mnsic lessons study home under you."D teachers. European and XVia.llJV4oil greatWonderfulAmericanDyEndorsed by Paderewski. Master teachers guide and coach Editor: "What did he want?"

completeness. simplicity and a marvel of Johnny: "He said he would like to course telling us Write

interested are you InnlviiiiviantIllStlPUlTient inbeat you up."

Cornet, Violin, Music, School Public you.AnyPiano,A LessonsHarmony,Voice, Mandolin, Guitar, Banjo, or Keed Organ—and we will send Editor: "What did you tell him?"

our Free Catalog with details of course you want. Send now. Johnny: "I was sure sorry you UNIVERSITY EXTENSION CONSERVATORY

J E SiegelMyers Bldg. Chicago, Illinois wasn't in."La Vive Jesperson.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT BRA to A Timely Word Departing Missionaries

Before you depart for your field of labor, call at this store and check the numerous items that go in the "kit"of the well equipped missionary.

All the Church Works, in various bindings, and other gospel literature here for you to choose from.

What about a Fountain Pen—Stationery Camera—Bill Fold—Money Purse—Diary

Brief Case—Dictionary?

Pay us a be welcome whether you make a visit—you'll

purchase or not.

Deseret Book Company 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City

Integrity Inspires Confidenc* JOSEPH WILLIAM TAYLOR Utah's Leading Undertaker and Licensed Embalmer 2125 SOUTH WEST TEMPLE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Phones: Wasatch 7600

Both Office and Residence My Service has the Little Marks of Difference that Make it Distinctive

Respecter of Persons Fire Is No

You may wait till tomorrow to insure but the fire may not "See our agent in your town"UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

TRY OUR NEW GASOLINE BLUGREEN BOYCEITE BinGreen gasoline is the only carbonless fnel in America today. Wherever yon see Bennett's Boyceite treated gasoline featured be

sure it is BluGreen in color—or don't accept it.

BENNETT'S SERVICE STATIONS

Mountaineer Strong Seams Overalls are made from first quality Denim—guaranteed for quality, fit and service.

SOMETHING DIFFERENT

the Spring-O-All Suspender, no rubber to rot, nothing to wear out.

Our efforts are being put forth to make this year the banner year in the history of 9he BIG HOME COMPANY YOU NEED OUR INSURANCE WE WANT YOUR BUSINESS Beneficial Life Insurance Co.

Home Office, Vermont Bldg.—Salt Lake

Heber J. Grant, Pres. Lorenzo N. Stohl, Mgr.