V ( L JOHNSON <2gyv Southern Pacific Lines L I NES J ] Three Trains Daily via

American Canyon Route Crossing Great Salt Lake Cutoff in Day Time

Shorest and Most Scenic Route to

SAN FRANCISCO And all CENTRAL CALIFORNIA POINTS

Every Mile, Worth While Through Sleeping Cars Between Salt Lake City and

San Francisco ROUND TRIP WINTER TICKETS ON SALE DAILY

We gladly furnish information and take care of

Pullman reservations Call, write or phone us Telephone Passenger Department, Wasatch 3008 41 South Main Street P. Bancroft, District Freight and Passenger Agent

Latterday Saints Garments APPROVED CORRECT PATTERN Prepaid Parcel Post to any part of tbe United States If paid In advance, 20c extra on each garment to Canada or Mexico.

These Approved Temple Garments are knitted and made right here in our own Utah factory, to your special order and measurements. Lowest

prices on market. MaU your order to us now and say yon saw it in the)

"Improvement Era."If order la CO. D. you pay the postage.

LOOK FOR THE APPROVED LABEL IN EVERY GARMENT

No. Price 4 Light summer weight bleached $1.40

11 Light weight cotton 1.60

20 Light weight cotton bleached 1.75

60 Medium weight cotton 1.75

22 Medium weight cotton bleached 2.00

90 Heavy weight cotton unbleached 2.25

24 Heavy weight cotton bleached 2.50

50 Extra white double bleached, mercerized 3.00

10 Medium weight wool mixture 3.O0

16 Heavy weight wool mixture 4.00

70 Snow white Sllkileen 3.40

18 All Merino Wool 5.50

Sizes from 22 to 44 bust, 52 to 64 lengths, as desired.. Longer than 64

inches or over 44 in. bust, each size 20c extra..Garments with double

backs 25c extra per suit..We will make any size desired.

Measure bust around body under arms; length from center on top of

shoulder down to inside of ankle. Orders for less than two garments not

accepted.We manufacture sweater coats, Jersey goods and underwear, also*

flannel shirts and Mackinaw coats.

KNITTING MODEL CHRISTTANSON, ManagerWORKS FRANKLTN 657 Iverson St., Salt Lake City, Utah Phone Hy. 516

"RELIABLFAGENTS WANTED"

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT BRA. Ivins, Richard R. Lyman, James E. West and a number ofPresident A. W

other prominent scout leaders

During the recent visit to Salt Lake City, and Utah, of

Chief Scout Executive James E. West, of the Boy Scouts of

America, he was asked as to the status of troops of Boy Scouts formed by different religious denominations. In answer he said:

"A scout is reverent. He is reverent toward God. He is faithful in his religious duties, and respects the convictions of others

in matters of custom and religion. Because of the deep concern in the religious instruction of the youth of America, we

have very definitely advocated the troop being organized in connection with the church, so that there might be given to the boys of that troop all of the influence, all of the traditions, which stand back of that church."

With this instruction coming from the chief executive officer of the Boy Scouts of America, our Latterday Saint leaders in Scouting should not hesitate in giving our manual lessons to their scout troops. If there are boys in our troops who are

not members of our Church they should be encouraged to join a troop of scouts which finds its home in the church of the faith of the boys'fathers. If, however, because of companionship,

or because there are no other scout troops in the neighborhood, boys of other faiths join our troops, their fathers'permission should be obtained in order that there may be no misunderstandings in relation to our manual lessons associated with our scout troop meetings. Oscar A. Kirkham.

The Easter Lily

lily dear! Oh, wondrous choice

Of all the flowers sweet With beauty rare you proudly stand,

The Easter morn to greet.

Your tender happy thought life—oh,

With Christ's it doth compare;

Who lived, who died, who lives that we

His heavenly joys might share.

Your glossy leaves like steps they rise

Along your graceful stem, Then at the top, in purest white,

Unfolds the flower gem.

So was the life of Christ our Lord,

As step by step he rose, Until in strength of love most pure,

His mission did disclose.

lily dear! your fragrance sweet,

Your gift, you freely give;

So on die cross the Savior gave

His life that all might live.

Oh, blessed resurrection morn!

O promise, sacred, sure, That life again in perfect love,

Forever will endure.

Carrie Tanner

Vol. XXVI APRIL, 1923 No. 6

A Modern Study of the Resurrection

By Professor N. L. Nelson

"I am tJie Resurrection and the Life: he that believeth in me, though

he die, yet shall lie live?—John 11:25.

Next to celebrating the birth of our Savior, there could be no commemoration more appropriate than that of his resurrection. The dates of both events were fixed arbitrarily by the

Catholic church through the supposed need of Christianizing two noted pagan festivals: the Yulefest of Scandinavian mythology, and Eastertide, a spring festival in honor of a Saxon goddess. Both of these epochal dates in the life of Jesus presumably fall in April; his birth on April 6, and his resurrection

on the Sunday following the feast of the Passover, our present

Easter Sunday, which varies from March 22 to April 25.

It is not without significance that Christ's coming to earth and his return to the Father, both of which events resulted in new spiritual life to man, should fall during a season when nature is passing through her annual resurrection and new growth, new beauties of form and color, new prophecies of a glorious fruitage, have come to sleeping mother earth.

During the last century, however, the concept of the resurrection as it affects man has undergone a profound modification in many Christian churches. Instead of a reuniting of the disembodied spirit with a new immortal body of flesh and bone—

resurrection is now con-"as ye see me have"said Christ—the

ceived to be completed at the moment when the spirit is released from its earthly tabernacle.

This view has been adopted probably to escape the apparently insuperable difficulties connected with the Bible view,

Entered at the Pc\st Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in Section no?, Act of

October 3, 1917, authorised on July t, 1918, $2 per annum.

Address Room 406 Church Office Building, Salt Lake City, Utah 498 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and also perhaps because modern, spiritualism demonstrates that the released spirit is a body as real and tangible in the spiritplane, asxis the earthly body here and now.

Such a conception, moreover, while it cannot be sustained by scripture, does nevertheless fit admirably into Paul's classic description of the great change which comes to the body; viz:

"It is sown in corruption; it is raised in incorruption. It is sown in

dishonor; it is raised in glory. It is sown in weakness; it is raised in

power. It is sown a natural body; it is raised a spiritual body. If there

is a natural body there is also a spiritual body. So also it is written: The

first man Adam became a living soul; the last Adam became a lifegiving

spirit. * * * The first man is of the earthearthy; the second man is

of heaven."1

Now while the Latterday Saint elder may abundantly marshal passages to overthrow this modern conception, yet for his pains he will have tumbling about his ears the agelong contra, dictions between what science and common sense seem to teach on one side, and what holy writ declares on the other.

Let us, however, nothing daunted, try to think our way through this mystic jungle until we shall see daylight all along our pathway, for surely any contradictions between the natural and the supernatural can be only apparent, not real, if both are true.

The very first difficulty occurs in the passage quoted at the head of this article, wherein Jesus says, "I am the resurrection and the life."The resurrection must be regarded

effect; and whatever the cause mayas an effect—a tremendous

be, it must be conceived as wider, deeper, more potent than that, for instance, of the sun, since it applies to organic changes in a millionmillion souls now waiting behind the veil. How, let

us ask, is it possible for Jesus Christ, a limited personality, the resurrected and perfected Man, to be so widely distributed and so universal a Power as is implied in the words "Resurrection and Life"?

Now it is evident, by a score of passages, that the Lord desires us to enlarge our conception of Him in just that way. Read,

for instance, verses 6 to 13 of section 88, Doctrine and Covenants, wherein the spirit of (84:45-6) Christ is said to be "in all

things and through all things, the light of truth;"the light and

the power of the sun, the moon, the stars, and the earth; "the

light that quickeneth our understanding; the light which is in

all things, which giveth life to all things, and is the law by the power of God."which all things are governed—even

If man can conceive Christ as being all this, it will not be difficult to understand how He can be the effective cause behind the resurrection. It would mean, however, that Christ

] I Cor. 15:4247. R. V.; Doc. and Cov. 88:27, 28.

A MODERN STUDY OF THE RESURRECTION 499

must be conceived as an infinite power, a power coextensive with the universe, and the very quintessence of its eternal energy.

Let us realize, moreover, at the start, that the thoughtful and woman educated to perman and woman of today—the man

ceive how God creates, and how he controls, the forces of life just such a conception of Jesusin the world of nature—needsor rather of the power called Christ which Jesus wields—in

order to have a living, virile faith in the resurrection.

Time was among the Latterday Saints when the hey presto!

superstition of how the long sleep is to be brought to an end, was widely prevalent: the notion embodied in the blowing of a

trumpet, followed by the gaping of graves, and the rising of the "sheeted dead,"gasping for breath and shaking the dust out of their hoary locks! But it is safe to say that no one has really

ever had faith in such a conception—at least not the kind of

faith advocated by Latterday Saints; for to have such faith, the

human mind requires that causes shall ever seem adequate to effects.

If this article shall help create such a real faith in the resurrection, shall help take the how* when, and what of the resurrection out of the realm of mystery, so that our young people, trained as they now are in scientific thinking, shall give this epochal event in our psychic progress the same fullhearted credence that they give to the recurrent phenomena of nature, then it will have been worth while to disturb the cutand-dried conceptions still lingering among us from sectarian theology.

As a beginning, then, let us consider that splendid analogy of the resurrection, already referred to, which is just now taking place over the whole northern hemisphere. No one finds

unbelievable, or even strange, this universal awakening of the vegetable life that has slept through the long winter; simply

because (1) it has happened so often before, and (2) we perceive that the cause of it, viz, the diffusion of light and warmth from the sun, is coextensive with the effect, and exactly proportional to it.

But suppose we had never actually seen the return of spring; that we had seen only the death which takes place during every autumn and winter. And then suppose some man

proclaim, "I am theeven a man claiming divine power—to

resurrection and the life of nature; whoever believes in me

shall behold again the grass and the flowers."Do you see

now, measuring the apparent littleness of the man against the bigness of reanimated nature, we should doubt his power to bring it about?

In order to create a similar trust in so mighty an awaken.

500 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ing of spiritual life as the resurrection, it also must seem to have behind it, not merely the word of command of the risen

Redeemer, but also the application of a power coextensive withthe universe—"the power which is in all things and through

all things, which givetli life to all things—even the power of

God who is in the bosom of eternity."

On the other hand, we must not fall into the error of

Christian sects in general, to whom God is merely an unembodied essence; for the very opening revelation of Jesus to our

dispensation was to teach mankind that this universal spirit of life interwoven with all things resides for executive purposes in a definite is delegated, so far Personality—God the Father, and

as our earth is concerned, to another definite Personality—Jesusthe Christ—which Christ not only created the world, but also

controls it down to so small a thing as the falling of a sparrow.

In other words, this is "in all things, through all Power—which

things,"which constitutes the "life and cause of all things,"and is consequently the power behind the Power resurrection—this

stands evidently for the Christaspect of the man Jesus. It is

what the Savior referred to in himself when He said, "All power is given me whether in Heaven or on earth."It is probably what we mean by Priesthood, the fulness of which is Godhood. It is Christhood or the power that saves, develops, exalts, glorifies.

Now while these two aspects, the Godpower and the Being who wields it, are forever one and indissoluble in Jesus—nay,

we may well suspect that as mortals we can know the nature of the first only as it is dispensed to us by the in order second—yet

to have a living, virile faith in the resurrection, it is well also to remember that Christ is not merely a man, but a man clothed with a universal Power; a Power which saturates the universe

and vibrates through all created things, and which in its wider aspects is the cause of all things (see John l"-3, 4); or to quote

again from modern revelation, it is "the light which is in all things, which givetli life to all things * * * tne ]aw Dy which all things are governed—even the power of God;"but

which, in its more limited or purely religious aspect is Life that is to say, eternal Life, or "the life which is the light of men;"and one aspect of this Life or light is the resurrection,

or power which conquers death; in short, it iq that divine something invested in Jesus, which makes of the son of Mary the

Redeemer, the Savior; Christ is the power that saves and reof God unto salvation."stores—the "power

Let a person once know the reality and universality of thing possible to manJesus as the Christ or as Christhood—a

only as he is born anew (see John 3:3), and it is easy to have

A MODERN STUDY OF THE RESURRECTION 501

faith in the resurrection. But without such a testimony, no

other concept in man's eternal course of being is so hard to believe; for the lesson taught by what we falsely call death is

overwhelmingly negative:

"Out, out brief candle,"says Shakespeare. "Man's but a

walking shadow, a poor player that frets and struts his hour upon the stage, and then is heard no more."And long before

Shakespeare, indeed, over 3000 years ago, the same pessimistic idea was put into these words: "For that which befalleth the

sons of men befalleth beasts; even one thing befalleth them: as

the one dieth, so dieth the other; yea, they all have one breath;

so that a man hath no preeminence over a beast; but all is

vanity."(Eccles. 3:19.)

And yet, whenever during the ages the "light of Christ"has illumined man's soul, this sublime truth of the resurrection has stood out bright and clear along with the other concepts in the plan of salvation.

"Though after my skin worms destroy this body,"exclaimed Job, "yet in my flesh shall I see God."And to revive

hope in Israel, who had lost faith in a resurrection, saying, "Our bones are dried, our hope is lost,"the Lord led Ezekiel to a valley filled with the bleached remnants of men, and com-

I willmanded: "Prophesy upon these bones, and say—Behold

lay sinews upon you, and will bring flesh upon you, and cover you with skin, and put breath in you, and ye shall live."And

the Prophet adds: "So I prophesied, as he commanded me,

and the breath came into them, and they lived, and stood upon their feet, an exceeding great army."2

In spite, however, of such glowing testimonies, want of faith continued in Israel; so that an entire sect, the Sadducees,

made specific denial of a resurrection the cardinal tenet of their religion. The time arrived at length when this glorious hope

was to receive actual demonstration in the resurrection of Jesus.

Yet even thereafter, and in the very ranks of the Church founded on this sublime truth, there were doubters. And to them Paul

addresses himself in the first epistle to the Corinthians:

"How say some among you that there is no resurrection of the dead?

* * * We have testified of God that he raised up Christ: whom he raised

not up, if it so be that the dead rise not. For if the dead rise not, then is

not Christ raised: and if Christ be not raised, your faith is vain: ye are

yet in your sins. Then they also which are fallen asleep in Christ are

perished. If in this life only we have hope in Christ we are of all men

most pitiable."3

2Ezek. 37:1-16. Read the whole passage. As an exposition of the fact

of the resurrection the picture is sublime and comforting. But whoever

finds in it also the manner of the resurrection may get into difficulties.

3I Cor. 15:1219. The writer avails himself of the Revised version,

when the meaning seems clearer.

502 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Do you perceive how vital Paul makes the doctrine of the resurrection?

It is conceivable that the saints so sharply reprimanded may have admitted that Christ himself was resurrected, being the

Son of God, and yet have denied the same glory for sinful humanity. Paul sets forth therefore, (1) that Christ's resurrection

was not an individual miracle, but a typical example in the scheme of salvation, and was brought about to create a saving faith in mankind; and (2) that if this doctrine should be proved

false, then the entire plan of salvation falls to the ground.

Nor is it difficult to follow Paul's reasoning: Salvation implies eternal progress; to be barred at any stage along the line,

is to be effectually and in like manner as a stream damned—as

would be, if shut off by a dam. Thus were the sons of perdition

damned by not winning for themselves a second estate: so

should we be damned by not being able to move onward and upward from the spiritworld.

Since, then, our salvation depends upon the fact of a resurrection, let us briefly go over the objective evidences for it.

Take first Paul's testimony concerning Jesus: "That He was

buried, and that He rose again the third day according to the scriptures; and that He was seen of Cephas, then of the twelve

after that he was seen of above 500 brethren at once; of whom

the greater part remain to this present [A. D. 59], but some

are fallen asleep. After that He was seen of James, then of all

the Apostles; and last of all He was seen of me also, as of one

born out of due season."

Paul mentions; only five 'appearances of the risen Savior;

but the gospels enumerate ten before his ascension, and one—

altogether there were over five hunto Paul—afterwards. And

dred witnesses of the fact. Moreover, these visits occurred at

intervals during forty days, and under circumstances which involved the senses of seeing and hearing, and in some instances touch. It is impossible therefore to doubt the fact of Christ's

resurection.

Consider next that these witnesses lived after the event, some of them for three quarters of a century; also that, although it was a period of the utmost recrimination and perse,

cution, yet the enemies of the Church did not find a single witness breaking down, showing collusion, or contradicting his testimony. It is not probable, therefore, that there could have

been any error; Christ was really resurrected, the first fruits of

an eternal principle of salvation.

But Latterday Saints have still further proof. The Book

of Mormon adds its testimony of the risen Redeemer, as do also many witnesses during the present dispensation. Moreover, this latterday testimony extends to others besides Christ.

A MODERN STUDY OF THE RESURRECTION 503

The first resurrected being to appear to the youthful Prophet, after the Father and the Son, was Moroni, whose mortal life wag passed on this continent only a few centuries ago. Next came

John the Baptist, who conferred the Aaronic Priesthood upon

Joseph and Oliver; then Peter and James, evidently resurrected

beings, who were associated with John the Revelator, a translated being, in conferring the Melchizedek Priesthood; then

came Moses, Elias, and Elijah, resurrected or translated beings, who in the Kirtland Temple, April 3, 1836, delivered the keys of their respective dispensations to the Prophet.

Associated with this last thought of the resurrection is a vivid incident in my own life. In 1887, thirty or more of us

missionaries were returning from the Southern states; and

President John Morgan, who was with us, had arranged for a private car. Here three times a day we held services, singing,

prayer, and preaching. One sermon in particular is memorable.

It was on the resurrection, and President Morgan closed with these words: "Brethren, if you are able to receive it, the resurrection is going on now."

The thought occasioned only momentary surprise; especially when we recalled the great number of resurrected beings

who have figured in the launching of our own dispensation. Not

only is the resurrection now going on; it has probably been going on since Jesus broke the bonds of death and the grave.

It is only by considering the resurrection as continuous, that we can conceive it as part of an organic whole which we call the Plan of Salvation. Birth in heaven, preexistence, mortal

birth, mortal life, death, afterlife existence—are they not all

organic links in a lengthening chain; events interwoven by eternal causes and effects? Why then should there be a halt at

the next step? Must we not consider the resurrection, not as

something arbitrary, spectacular, dramatic, or climacteric, as is often done; but rather as the inevitable and logical outcome

of all the previous steps? If this thought is correct, then our

turn to be resurrected will come when we grow ripe for the advanced life to which resurrection is the door.

And now shall we permit ourselves to ask how the marvelous event will be brought about? Only if we are willing to bear

in mind that in doing so we enter upon purely speculative ground. However, if intensity of interest is ever a justification

for wondering and pondering, then we have reason for venturing to feel our way to the answer of this question, with whatever wisdom we may possess. For which of us has not given heartpledges to the grave? Which of us does not look, sooner or

later, for his own summons into the valley of the shadow of death?

504 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Let U8, first, then, get fairly before us the essential factors of the question. Whenever we think of the resurrection we

are likely to picture the grave as containing the sum total of our problem. But only a fraction of the dead ever get into

graves, and of those that do, how many remain for even a hundred years where they were reverently planted?

Where today are the millions of bodies overwhelmed by the flood? The millions that later swarmed the valleys of the

Euphrates and Nile? Nay the billions that le returned to

mother earth every century for thousands of years?

Man seeks to protect his dead against the relentless forces of life, but all he gets for his anxiety is a brief delay. Essentially what happens to the mortal tenement of the beast and

the tree, happens also to man; just as a certain text in Ecclesiastes tells us. They all disintegrate into gases and fertilizers,

which are then promptly reincorporated into new forms of life.

It takes a little courage to face this grim fact, yet when we do face it, how beautiful it becomes! Death endlessly rewoven into life! Instinctively we recall Whittier's fine lines

"For Life is ever lord of Death,

And love can never lose its own."

Moreover, by contrast, what a charnel house our fair world would soon become, were this beneficent law not in constant operation!

Consider as a typical illustration the case of Roger Williams, first apostle of religious liberty in America. When he

passed on, his devoted followers planted an apple tree above his grave, and for a century and a half it remained a living shrine to thousands of religious pilgrims from all over the world, many of whom ate of its fruit. Finally when the tree

too died, the good people of Rhode Island considered it a fitting time to collect the ashes of their moral hero, and place them beneath a more enduring monument. But the apple tree

had anticipated them. Ninetenths of his body, the moisture,

had long ago been liberated into the blue of heaven through its leaves, and as to his dust, the diggers found on breaking through the mouldering casket only a whorl of hungry roots; whence

arose the conundrum, "Who ate Roger Williams?"

Life always finds its way, sooner or later, to the hiding place of death. It was the recognition of this beautiful law that

led the beloved "poet of the Sierras"to meet his fair antagonist more than half way, and with a smile on his face; for he di.

rected that his body be cremated and his ashes be scattered from a high peak to the four winds of his native state.

Here was probably his reasoning: "Ninetysix percent of

A MODERN STUDY OF THE RESURRECTION 505 my body is water which the furnace will immediately set free to mingle with the clouds; the rest of me is plantfood, the 'dust

of the earth'which I have gathered from the living forms of life.

If this dust shall help invigorate the roots of the flowers T have loved so long, and at the same time the overhanging cloud shall distill its part of me to refresh their glorious petals, how could

I ask a more delightful passage to the great Beyond?"

In contemplating which thought, the reader may well ask, "What poem written during his life was more eloquent than that enacted at his death?"

Our problem now narrows itself to two questions:

First, Will it be more difficult for the Lord of Life to find new spiritual bodies for Roger Williams and Joaquin Miller, than, for instance, to resurrect that Pharaoh whose mummy is still intact enough to be photographed? Let the reader answer this question for himself.

Second, Wherein resides the potentiality of being resurrected: in the body that disintegrates to be interwoven again

and again into new forms of life, or in the substance and texture of the spirit which lives on? Let us suggest the answer to this

question by asking another: Wherein resides the potentiality of

a new life: in the yellow leaf that flutters to the ground to be

changed to mould, or in the bright new bud which is left behind on the tree?

Our consideration of the foregoing factors of life and death enable us to reach with some degree of probability the following conclusions: In the first place we may say with much confidence that the resurrection will be a natural process. All life

teaches that there are no other processes in God's economy, however mechanical man's ways may be by comparison. Take for

instance the event which opens the door out of preexistence into birth. To us it has become utterly earthlife—our human

commonplace and matterof-fact; yet to spirits unborn may it

not seem as inexplicable and difficult of belief as is the resurrection to us?

Indeed, looked at rightly, that is to say, through revelation of the spiritual side, and through the discoveries of science on the material side, what event could be more marvelous? A

microscopic cell fertilizing an infinitesimal ovum, then dividing and subdividing, billionfold, till it produces a fullgrown man! Out of the dust of the earth, too, as was Adam; but dust

refined through the flowers into honey, the grasses into milk and flour, and through a thousand other of nature's laboratories into human food!

Why should we not believe that our celestial body will be built up organically, atom by atom, from spiritelements pro506 IMPROVEMENT ERA

duced in the celestial world? in a way, if not similar, at least

analogous to that in which our mortal bodies are drawn from the natural world? At any rate, such is the suggestion made

by St. Paul:

"But some one will say, how are the dead raised, and with what manner of body do 1 they come? Thou foolish one, that which thou thyself

sowest is not quickened except it die—thou sowest not the body that shall

it may chance of wheat or some otherbe—but, [like unto] a bare grain,

kind: God giveth it a body as it hath pleased him, and to each seed a body

of its own. * * * It is sown a natural body; it is raised a spiritual

body."4

What more perfect analogy of a natural resurrection could we have than this? Something passes, truly, from the dying

kernel into the green stalk of wheat—the soul of the dying

kernel, as it were; but the new kernels are not formed from the

old body, but are drawn from soil and air and sunshine. Will

not the immortal tabernacle probably be drawn in a similar way from the spiritual laboratories of an immortal world?

Those passages like Ezekiel 37:12, where the Lord says, "I

will open your graves and cause you to come out of your graves,"can hardly be taken literally; since only a fraction of the world's

dead have ever been put into graves, and the last traces of all buried bodies are soon gone, by reason of their transmutations in the laboratories of nature. As before intimated, it is prob.

ably the fact of the resurrection rather than the method which is here set forth.

And if it be asked why God chose this particular imagery, the answer is that in communicating any mystery to man, God is conditioned by man's range of interpretation. To have spoken

to ancient Israel in terms of the modern scientific world—such

have been tantamount as are being used in this article—would

either to conveying no message at all, or one of utter confusion.

At this point it may be well to think ourselves into line with a notable interpretation by the Prophet Joseph Smith, reiterated years after by President Brigham Young, who maintained that howsoever the natural material of one body may disintegrate and be incorporated into another, there is in man's tabernacle an essence which never enters into any other being,

4Acts 15:3538. Revised Version. The words in brackets seem ob

viously necessary in this comparison between what happened respectively to the kernel of wheat planted and the body laid away in the grave. It may

be objected that the seed which succeeds the seed, is posterity. True

enough, looked at from one angle; but for Paul's purpose of showing how

the immortal body is to come, it serves equally well to shadow forth the resurrection.

A MODERN STUDY OF THE RESURRECTION 507

but awaits the resurrection to be builded back into the body from which death has released it for a time. 5

The Prophet does not deny that the water of our bodies is water; the lime, lime; the carbon, carbon; and so on of a score

of minerals. Nor does he deny that these elements act in nature

precisely like identical elements found elsewhere. His idea, as

I interpret it, is that behind and beneath these mortal substances is a spiritual entity which once having been specialized to a given ego, remains individualized in God's infinite store house, awaiting the call of the resurrection to form the new immortal tabernacle.

This great thought will be better understood when we consider the kind of body our Savior had after the resurrection.

It was indeed of "flesh and bones"as he declared; but what

kind of flesh and bones is that which passes through solid substances, like doors or walls, and which at one instant can be seen and felt on the mortal plane, and at the next, becomes invisible? To build up a resurrected body of this type, that is

to say, a spiritual, immortal body, would require something like that very essence or entity of which the Prophet Joseph and

President Young speak.

But why quibble over so refined a detail as this? Sufficient

for us to believe that our Father who found a natural way to give us our mortal bodies, will find a as natural way—quiteand inevitable, to give us our new spiritual bodies.

If then our faith can once accept this beautiful thought of a spiritually organic resurrection, it will forever set at rest all doubts and quibbles as to the kind of bodies that will be resurrected; whether crippled, aged, decrepit, deformed, weakly,

sickly, demented bodies shall rise, because such were laid in the grave; also it will set at rest all other questions such as Job's,

of worms consuming the body, or sharks, or the roots of trees, or other vegetable life, such as must quickly happen to the recent terrible plantings in the shallow trenches of Europe; for

if the new body shall grow naturally out of some dormant bud of a previous life hidden as it were, in the very texture of the spirit as it goes unto the spirit world, there is no reason to suppose that the new body will be affected by the mere accidents

5At a conference, April 6, 1843, at which President Brigham Young was present, the Prophet Joseph Smith spoke as follows to a remark of Elder

Orson Pratt that a man's body changes every seven years:

"There is no fundamental principle belonging to a human system that ever goes into another in this world or in the world to come; I care not

what the theories of men are. We have a testimony that God will raise us

up, and he has the power to do it. If anyone supposes that any part of

our bodies, that is, the fundamental parts thereof, ever goes into another body, he is mistaken."History of the Church, volume 5, page 339. Editors508 IMPROVEMENT ERA

or congestions of that previous existence; any more than a plant

which springs anew from the root, should he fated to repeat last year s accidental deformity.

But more fascinating, perhaps, than even the when and how is the what that will be resurrected. Here, fortunately, we

are on safer ground. "Whatever principles of intelligence we

attain unto in this life,"says Joseph Smith, "will rise with us in the resurrection."

Note the fact that he does not say whatever knowledge we attain to, will rise with vis; only such knowledge as shall have

been transmuted into power; in which case it has ceased to be

knowledge and has become character or intelligence.

This is precisely what our knowledge of psychology should lead us to expect. Facts not apperceived cannot remain very

long with us even in mortal life. Why then should we expect to

have them cross the grave? Moreover, we already have a complete analogy of this law. From preexistence comes, with our

spirits, not a single fact of that previous life which might be called knowledge; whereas our intelligence evidently does come

as the accumulated effect or mofrom that primal world—comes

mentum in character of such premortal facts as were then apperceived and so made integral parts of our spirits.6

Our intelligence is the measure or degree of our likeness

therefore also of our imperfection. Intellitoperfection—andour heavenly Father; the daily trialbalance of our state of

gence, being eternal, must go with us; it could not be left in

the grave. But what of our ignorance, our weaknesses, our sins?

Will these be mercifully left behind? Certainly not. They

may be forgiven, but that fact does not change them to virtues.

They will be there, not perhaps as something positive or aggressive, but as represented by the blanks and gaps in our inshall thereafter have to fill outtelligence—crevices which we

and round off.

In mortal life no functioning of intelligence—or of wisdom, character, power, or virtue, for they are all synonymous

is conceivable without its physical correlative in head or heart or hand. Now, as above pointed out, the intelligence will be

resurrected, as a matter of course, being a thing inherent in the soul; but could this intelligence function in that advanced

life, any more than here, without the reconstitution of its physical vehicle? Could the musician play without his delicately

trained fingers, the thinker invent without his marvelously in6It does not follow, however, that the memory associated with mortal or postmortem intelligence, will be veiled by the resurrection, as our preexistent memory is now occluded by mortality. Indeed, all the communications we have had with resurrected beings indicates the contrary.

A MODERN STUDY OF THE RESURRECTION 509

terwoven brain.cells, the scientist experiment without his keenly

alert senses?

It will be a trained body we take up, if it be a trained body we lay down. Space precludes further philosophizing in support of this thought; but is it not reasonable and even matter

of observation that exercise knits ever finer and finer the cells of the organ used? Presumably therefore it must effect a similar modification in the soultexture corresponding thereto. Conif you prefer,sequently, will not the new immortal matter—or

will not the spiritual matter individualized by us in mortality when it comes to be reinterwoven with the spirit, follow, cell by cell, the pattern of the spiritmeshes wrought into the soul by mortal life?

Nor is it reasonable to hold that mortal experiences only, will effect modification of the resurrected body. That our life

in the spirit world, between death and the resurrection, will also help to modify the texture of our immortal tabernacles, seems evident from Paul's allusion to souls "tortured, not accepting delherance, that they might receive a better resurrection."(Heb. 11:35.)

Suffice it to close further discussion of this subject with the scriptural assurance that without such a double resurrection (of intelligence and its vehicle), perfection is impossible. "The

elements,"says a modern revelation, "are the tabernacle of

God. * * * Man is spirit * * * and spirit and element

inseparably connected, receiveth a fulness of joy; and when separated man cannot receive a fulness of joy."(Doc. and Cov.

93:33.) If now Christ's saying, "I am the Resurrection and the Life,"has been made deeper in meaning and more significant; if we

have learned something of the how, the when, and the what of the resurrection, let us consider next the meaning of the Savior's gracious promise: "He that helieveth in me, though he die, yet

shall he live."

Two questions present themselves: (1) What does it mean

to believe in Christ? and (2) What is the nature of the life he

promises to those who believe? Both questions are answered in

this splendid passage from modern revelation, perhaps the most illuminating of all scripture concerning the resurrection:

"And again we bear record—for we saw and heard, and this is the

testimony of the gospel of Christ concerning them who shall come forth in the resurrection of the just—they are they who received the testimony

of Jesus, and believed on his name and were baptized after the manner of his burial, being buried in the water in his name, and this according to the commandment which he has given—that by keeping the! commandments

they might be washed and cleansed from all their sins, and receive the Holy

Spirit by the laying on of the hands of him who is ordained and sealed unto 510 IMPROVEMENT ERA

this power; and who overcome by faith, and are sealed by the Holy.Spirit

of promise, which the Father sheds forth upon all those who are just and true. \ "They are they who are the church of the Firstborn. They are they into

whose hands the Father has given all things—they are they who are priests

and kings, who have received of his fulness, and of his glory; and are

priests of the Most High, after the order of Melchizedek, which was after the order of Enoch, which was after the order of the Only Begotten Son.

Wherefore, as it is written, they are gods, even the sons of God—wherefore, all things are theirs, whether life or death, or things present, or things

to come, all are theirs and they are Christ's, and Christ is God's.

"And they shall overcome all things. Wherefore, let no man glory in

man, but rather let him glory in God, who shall subdue all enemies under his feet. These shall dwell in the presence cf God and his Christ forever

and ever. These are they whom he shall bring with him, when he shall

come in the clouds of heaven to reign on the earth over his people. These

are they who shall have part in the first resurrection. These are they

who shall come forth in the resurrection of the just.

"These are they who are come unto Mount Zion, and'unto the city of the living God, the heavenly pla e, the holiest of all. These are they

who have come to an innumerable company of angels, to the general assembly and church of Enoch, and of the Firstborn. These are they whose

names are written in heaven, where God and Christ are the judge of all.

These are they who are just men made perfect through Jesus the mediator of the new covenant, who wrought out this perfect atonement through the shedding of his own blood. These are they whose bodies are celestial,

whose glory the sun of the firmament is written of as being typical."7

Would that this passage might be said truly to picture the resurrection of all who make covenants with God by baptism. Unfortunately, it portrays the state of only a fraction,

even in the Church; of those, namely, who achieve the celestial

glory. For those who "receive not a testimony,"or who, having received one, are "not valiant"in living up to the divine

ideal, there is a lower resurrected state, the terrestrial; while

for those who know not Christ at all, the schismatics of all sects, "innumerable as the stars,"there is a third glory, the telestial.

As to these two lower resurrected states, the reader should study the rest of this marvelous revelation.

7Doc. and Cov. 76:5070.

The Resurrection

"The soul shall be restored to the body, and the body to the soul; yea, and every limb and joint shall be restored to its body;

yea even a hair of the head shall not be lost; but all things shall

40:23.be restored to their proper and perfect frame."—Alma

"Ye shall have hope through the atonement of Christ and the power of his resurrection, to be raised unto life eternal, and 7:41. this because of your faith in him."—Moroni

Freedom or Bondage?

By Joseph H. Dean

"Well, say, I'm all balled up over freedom and bondage!

What is freedom, anyway?"

The family of Amos Taylor was spending the long winter evening in their comfortable homes, each occupied in what suited him best. The father, fortyfour, was over at the bishop's

on some ward business. The mother, fortytwo, was mending

stockings. Henry Amos, just returned from a mission to Samoa,

was twentythree. He was writing a letter to a missionary friend

on the islands. Alice, nineteen, looking cross and nervous, because she had not been allowed to go to a dance in a nearby

town with Richard Lamont, was trying to forget her troubles in a novel. Dorothy, fourteen, was working on her eighth

grade examination problems. Then there were Jedediah ten,

Harold seven, Mamie four, and baby Gordan asleep in the cradle.Jed.—"Freedom, that's easy. Freedom is to be able to do

as youDorothy.—"Oplease."sure, Jed. If you want some of daddy Henderson's melons, just go and steal them. If you want a piece of

pie, just wait till) mother steps outside, and then go and take it."Lawrence.—"Henry,Jed gave Dorothy a youblackarelook,a wisebut guy,said tellno more.us what freedom Henry.—"Don'tis."call me wise, Lawrence. When I was your

age I thought I was wise, but I am learning that I am pretty foolish."Lawrence.—"Well, you can surely tell us what freedom is."Alice.—"There isn't any freedom. Just look at father, out

nearly every night in the week. Gone into bondage to his

church. When the bishop pulls the string, he jumps like he was

shot, and drops his own work, and goes off on ward business.

And you know, Henry, that you didn't want a mission, but you had to go, or be called a piker. I can't go to a dance tonight,

becauseHarold.—"DickDick doesn'tLamontmeasuresmokes."up to father's standard."Jed.—"And he swears, for I heard him."Dorothy.—"And he stinks up the whole house with his to512 IMPROVEMENT ERA

baccoHenry.—"Orwhen he comesmaybehere.she Alicehas losthas,hersure,smeller."got a funny taste."

Alice.—yes, Henry Amos Taylor, I'd talk about smoking, if I were in your place. You know you smoked before you

went on your mission, and like as not you'll take it up again.

I'll wager the smell was all right in those days. And I believe

Lawrence is smoking, too, for I have noticed lately, that his breathHenry.—"Well,is always scentedLawrence,up withif peppermint,you are takingor something."up cigaret

smoking, you will soon know what freedom 'ain't.'When I

tried to quit, I found I was in the most terrible bondage. On

my way to the Islands, I was tempted to sneak away from my companions in San Francisco, and smoke on the sly. And when

we reached Honolulu, after a severe spell of seasickness, the craving was simply awful. One of my companions was in the

same bondage that I was, and he said he would smoke if I would. And, O, Lawrence, and Jed, and Harold, I was so afraid

that I would give way to the temptation, I rushed back on to the ship, and locked myself in my room, and cried and prayed, and prayed and cried, until I felt I had gained. the mastery, and

it was only with the help of the Lord, that I was enabled to gain the victory. And O, my dear brothers, I have been so

worried, for fear that my bad example, before I went away, might lead you to take up the same filthy habit, and get into the same terrible bondage; and I have prayed to the Lord, many

and many a time, for you, that you might not do as I had done."

Henry's eyes filled with tears, and his voice trembled with emotion in his earnestness.

Alice was sorry she had spoken so unkindly; and Dorothy

went over and put her cheek, lovingly against her big brother's, and ran her fingers through his curly hair. Harold went and

took his hand and said, "I'll never smoke, Henry;"and Jed said

neither would he. Lawrence looked miserable, but said

nothing.

The mother had turned her rocker around, so her face could not be seen, and was silently weeping, for she had a battle to fight, that she hadn't won yet, so she said nothing.

At this point they heard the husband and father, stamping the snow off his feet on the porch, and Mamie clapped her hands, and went and opened the door, and the head of the family stepped inside. To look at Amos Taylor was good for

sore eyes. He was fully six feet tall, and as straight as a tree.

Strength and manliness and honesty, seemed to radiate from his person. He was manly, honored by all who knew him, and

looked up to and loved by his wife and children. He took

FREEDOM OR BONDAGE? 513

off his coat and hat; swung Mamie up astride his shoulder, and

dropped a pinch of snow down Dorothy's neck.

Harold.—"Alice"Well,"said he, "yougot vexedall lookat Henryexcited,andanythingcalled himhappened?"names."Father.—"And what did she call him, Harold?"Harold.—"She called him Henry Amos Taylor,"at which

all theFather.—"Well,family laughed.she sure called him names all right."Jed.—"Yes, and she says you ain't free, and that you jump

whenFather.—"Well,the hishop pullsyoua string."folks have been ha\ing fun. But what's

this about my not being free? If I'm not free, I'd like to know

who is."Lawrence.—"I started all this racket, father. I was reading about conditions in Russia. The people revolted against the

Czar, and overthrew his government, and butchered him and his family because of his tyrannical government; they

wanted to be free, and now they are imprisoning the people so fast, their prisons are full. And then I got to thinking about

the Pilgrim Fathers, how that they left the old world, and came here to a strange land to escape persecution, and so they could be free to worship God as they pleased, and then they turned

Rodger Williams out of their midst because he didn't see as they did. Then our people were driven from their homes in

the east, and many of them killed in this free land, and they had to come a thousand miles into the wilderness to escape religious persecution. And now the s'.riking coal miners are killing men

who went to do the work they refused to do. So I said I would

like Father.—"Andto know what freedomwhat didis,motheranyway."say?"Mother.—"I didn't say anything, Amos, I didn't feel qualified Lawrence.—"Well,to give an opinion."I must have given you all a hard nut to

crack. Henry gave us an illustration of what bondage is: and

fatherFather.—"Well,says he is free,whatand that'sis Henry'sas fardefinitionas we haveof got,bondage?"it seems."

told them,* father, of the struggle I had to Henry.—I just

quit Father.—"Somemy smoking whenbondage,I went wasn'ton myit,mission."Henry?"Henry.—"Yes, sir, it took all the grit I had, and the help

of the Lord besides, to set me free."

"Yes,"said the father. "And I suppose one of the arguments the boys used to get you to smoke was, to show yourself a

man, and not be in bondage to your Church, and a sissy, tied to your mother's apron strings."

Henry.-—"Yes, father, and that I was a coward, if I didn't."

514 IMPROVEMENT ERA Father.—"Yes. And so to show your 'freedom,'you went

into the worst kind of bondage, and I warn you, Henry, that the same crowd will use the same arguments again. If a boy,

or man either, has the manhood to obey the laws of God, and the laws of the land, he makes the smoker and the drinker, the 'bootlegger'and the gambler, the thief and the liar and all their tribe, look inferior and second best, and they resent it, and try their best to force him down to their level. It takes a

man to stand their sarcasm and ridicule, and if he stands true to himself, and to his country, and to his religion, and stays a free man, he will have to walk alone in the world a good deal of hisDorothy.—"Welife, and one dreadslearnedto thisbe alone."verse in school:

"He's a slave, who dares not be

In the right, with two or three."

Father.—"Yes, and that's true. But it takes manhood and

courage, of the highest order to carry it out, all the same. By

the way, let me tell you what the bishop called me over to his place for this evening. Mother, Henry and Alice, you remember

Helen Brim, who, some ten years ago, ran away and married

Ernest Brockbank, a nonmember of the Church. Some eleven

years ago, I felt impressed to talk to Helen, to try and induce her not to marry that man for he was a worthless scamp. It

seemed to be given me to see the bondage and degradation she would be running into, and the disappointment and heartache, and sorrow she would have to endure if she married him. I

succeeded in thoroughly frightening Helen, and she declared she would have no more to do with Brockbank. But in less

than six months, she ran away with him, and got married. They

have one child, a lovely daughter, now ten years old. When

she was an infant, Helen wanted to have her named and blessed in our Church, but her husband refused. And when

she was eight, he refused to let her be baptized. Now she is

dying, seemingly of typhoidpneumonia, and the doctor says she won't live till morning. Poor Helen says she knows if the

bishop and I went and adminisatered to her, that the Lord would heal her. But her husband says if we come near his

house, he will kick us into the street. Helen says her child is

the only thing that has made life endurable now for years, and that if she dies, she doesn't want to live. The poor soul wrung

her hands in her agony, and it melted our hearts to learn of her sufferings, but we couldn't see how we could help her."

Amos Taylor, big strong man though he was, choked up with emotion, and the family was profoundly moved in sympathy. Alice had gone over to the window, and taken a seat

behind the curtains so she could cry without being seen, for

FREEDOM OR BONDAGE? 515

Richard Lamont, had suggested the night before, that as she was denied her "rights"and deprived of her "freedom,"that she run away with him, and get married/ She had listened to him, Lawrence.—"Well,and promised to giveJed,himit'sanplainanswerto thesee followingthat your evening.idea of

freedom, to do as we please, won't do."

Dorothy.—"Well, daddy, don't let us go to bed without a

true Father.—"Well,definition of whatnow,freedomafter allis."we have said, let's try and

see if we can't make up a definition ourselves. Suppose we

start with the youngest, and take our turns. Jed, we will begin

with Jed.—"Well,you."this is mine, 'I am free to do as I please, if I

don'tFather.—"That'sdo anything wrong.'pretty good, Jed, for a ten year old boy."Dorothy.—"Freedom is to do right, and not to do wrong."Father.—"Pretty hard to beat, Dorothy."

Lawrence.—"Well, I suppose freedom is to do as I am told

by thoseFather.—"Alice,who have theyourrightturnto next,directwhatme."is true freedom?"Alice.—"'There hain't no such animal,'"at which quotation Father.—"Now,they all laughed.Henry, we'll hear from you."Henry.—"I was just looking in my Bible concordance,

father, to see what I could find there on the subject. The Savior says, 'And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make

you free.'And again, 'If the Son shall make you free, ye shall

be free indeed.'And Paul says, 'Stand firm therefore, in the

liberty wherewith Christ has made you free.'I think therefore,Father.—"Mother,that the gospel is thewe perfecthaven't lawheardof liberty."a word from you all

evening,Mother.—"Well,will you giveafterus yourlisteningidea toof allfreedom?"that has been said, I

am about convinced that freedom is obedience to law; and that

any one that will do as he pleases, unless he pleases to do right, will Dorothy.—"Nowgo into bondage."it's daddy's turn."

Father.—"Well, you haven't left much ground for me to

plow. All your definitions are good. I can't conceive of freedom without obedience to law. Everything we see around us,

in the animal, vegetable and mineral kingdoms, is governed and controlled by law, and are all filling the measure of their creation. Man is the only exception, not necessarily so, nor

rightly so, but because of his free agency, he often chooses to be so. But every time man disobeys law, he must pay the penalty. We often hear the expression, *As free as the air we

516 IMPROVEMENT ERA

breathe;'but air is only free to obey law, and that law is, that

it shall accompany the earth in its flight through space; and

that it shall be composed of certain elements in certain fixed proportions, and if those proportions are disturbed, as when crowded halls are not properly ventilated, death and destruction begin their work. Our beautiful mountain streams are

free, but they are governed by the law of gravitation. They cannot turn round and run up hill. The earth is free. No other

planet, except its moon, within millions of miles of it. It is

whirling through space seventy times faster than a cannonball can go, and yet, so fixed is the law governing its motions, that astronomers can tell just where it will be any number of years ahead; just when it will pass between the sun and the moon,

causing an eclipse of the moon; or when the moon will pass

between us and the sun, causing an eclipse of the sun. The

earth is never early nor late, but just on time, and it has always been so ever since it was created. If it should be a law

unto itself, like some people are, and should leave its orbit, and go off its course, the whole universe would be thrown out of harmony, and the end no doubt would be, that it would crash into some other planet, and be destroyed.

"The inmates of our prisons, reform schools and asylums, are made up, mostly, of those who would not obey law. Their

idea of freedom was, that they had a right to do as they pleased, instead of doing as they should. The result is, that they have

to be locked up where they can do no harm.

"Poor Helen Brim wouldn't obey the law of her parents, nor the laws of her Church. She was determined to

be 'free;'and now she would willingly give her right arm to

be cut off, if she could go back eleven years and be free again, as Alice here, and Dorothy are free.

"Everything that is clean, virtuous, praiseworthy, Godfear, ing and lawabiding, leads to health, happiness, respect of our fellows, freedom, and the blessing and approbation of our heavenly Father; while all that is unclean, unruly, disobedient, and

law defying, leads down to bondage, degradation and death."

Amos Taylor was not blind to what was going on in his own family. His wife was a splendid woman. She had borne him

eight lovely, intelligent children. She had worked uncomplainingly by his side from a state of poverty, when they were

first married, to their present wellto-do condition. But she

had come of a family that made no pretentions to keeping the

Word of Wisdom, and had acquired the teadrinking habit in her girlhood. Since her marriage, she had tried several times

to quit, but had invariably taken it up again. This had been

a great trial to her husband, especially since the children had

FREEDOM OR BONDAGE? 517

grown old enough to take notice. He knew that they would

justify themselves in breaking the same law because mother was breaking it. As we have seen, their oldest son had taken to

smoking, which was a sore trial to his father. He was so thankful for the mission that had cured him, and sent him home

clean and full of faith.

He had been afraid for Alice, in keeping company with

Richard Lamont. And when his recital of the case of poor

Helen Brim had driven her into the window seat, his suspicions increased. He also suspected Lawrence of smoking. He knew

why his wife was taking no part in the discussions of the evening, and why she had turned her back to the family. He felt

that she should be by his side, and by word and look and example, be helping him to save their children.

A sudden determination seized him. He felt that he had

a right to know where his wife and children stood. He arose,

and with a trembling, but kindly voice said: "My wife and children, we have discovered in our discussions here tonight, what

freedom is and what bondage is. All my hopes for time and

eternity are bound up in you. With your support and coopera-

tion, I am strong. Without it, I am weak. 'A house divided

against itself cannot stand.'Shall we walk together, hand in

hand, and keep the commandments of God, and be free, or shall we each go his own way and maybe some go into bondage, and be lost? I feel that a critical time has arrived in the life of this

family, and that I have a right to know where each of you stands. You also have a right to know where I stand. We all

have our free agency. You have your salvation to work out

as I have mine. 'Who's on the Lord's side?'Like Joshua of

old, I feel to say, 'Choose ye this day whom ye will serve, but as for me, and my house, we will serve the Lord.'Now if you

feel this way, and are willing to go with me and keep the Lord's commandments, I want you to manifest it by rising to your feet."It was a dramatic moment. If his wife, or any of his children should keep their seats, what should he do? What could

he do? Henry and Dorothy, Jed and little Harold promptly

rose to their feet. Lawrence and his mother looked into each

other's eyes for a moment, and the mother could see that her son was going to do as she did, and she dared not hesitate a moment longer. She arose and took her rightful place by her

husband's side, and Amos Taylor, his heart singing with joy, put his arm around her and pressed her to him. Then Lawrence

stood up. Alice now was the only one left. What would Alice

do? Amos Taylor and his wife trembled with anxiety. But the

curtains slowly parted, and a tall, beautiful girl with a white518 IMPROVEMENT ERA

drawn face, showing that she had heen fighting a hard battle, came slowly forward and stood by her father's side and took his hand, and\the parents knew that their beautiful Alice was safe.

With a voice shaking with feeling, the father said, "God bless you all, my loved ones. And now I suggest that in place of our

usual evening's devotions, we stand as we are, and bow our heads in silent prayer for one minute, then you are all at liberty to go to your rooms."

When the minute was up, Alice drew her father's face down and fervently kissed him, and then embraced her mother, and without speaking went to her room.

The mother went into the kitchen, and called Lawrence to her, and when he was in, she quietly locked the door behind him. She had a half package of tea in her hand. "My son,"

said she, "this innocent looking thing has been my master all my life. For this tea I have sorely hurt your father, and set

you, and all my children, the example of disobedience. On account of this tea, my conscience has hurt me for twenty years,

and I have felt myself a hypocrite, and have felt cheap, and second class. When any of our leaders have preached on the

Word of Wisdom, I have felt that they meant me, and I have been uncomfortable, and unhappy. And during that minute of

silent devotion, I solemnly promised the Lord that I would never touch it again. What a coward I have been, to let such a

trifling thing get such a tremendous power over me. Lawrence,

I am going to pass from bondage to freedom, even though it kill me. The very fact that I know I am going to conquer this

time, makes me feel a different woman already. And now, my

son, you see this package is only half full. There is just room

for your sack of tobacco and cigaret papers. Come, my son,

let's be free. Let's be able to look your father and all the world

"in the face, and say, 'I'm free! I'm free!'

And Lawrence fished out his tobacco, and stuffed it in with the tea, and his mother led him over to the stove, and they threw their enemy on the coals and watched it reduced to ashes.

Then the mother said, "Now, my son, kiss me and go to bed."

The next evening, just at dark, an auto stopped at the

Taylor gate. A cigaret glowed in the darkness. The driver

tooted his horn, and a tall, stately girl went down to the gate.

"Good evening, Dick.""Why, hello, Allie, hop in. "No Dick,

you see I haven't my wraps.""Well, why haven't you? Hurry

and get them.""No, Dick, since I saw you last, I have had a

change of heart, or maybe I should say, I have seen a light. I

have been able to see that the proposal you made me, that we run away and get married, was both unwise and unmanly. For

me at least, it would mean a disgraceful and dishonorable bond-

FREEDOM OR BONDAGE? 519

age, and I refuse to do it. I have decided to honor rny father

and my mother, and my Church, and not do a a foolish thing that could only bring sorrow and disgrace to all concerned. And

furthermore, Dick, if I ever get married, I shall choose a good, clean man of my own faith, and in place of going into a dishonorable bondage, I shall have a clear conscience, and be free!"Dick.—"This is the work of your pious, hypocritical, missionaryAlice.—"Youbrother, I mustsuppose."excuse me, Dick, I refuse to quarrel with

you. And as it is chilly, and I haven't any wraps, I will wish

you goodnight."And with a light heart, and shining eyes, Alice

Taylor walked up the path and into the house.

Shelley, Idaho

Meditations

I was sitting in the shadow Of a cedar, old and grand I was gazing at the beauties To be seen on every hand, At the pines so tall and stately,

At the oaks so gnarled and strong,

Listening to the breezes sighing,

Listening to the bird's sweet song.

I was thinking how the mountains,

With their rugged cliffs so steep.

There had stood through countless ages.

Worn with canyons, wide and deep;

How the ferns and wild flowers growing

By the hand of man untamed, Far surpassed in real grandeur

Man's productions e'er so famed.

And I felt by chance they came not

But were planned by One Divine,

And my soul was turned with reverence

To the Lord our God sublime Who has made the mighty mountains,

Made the flowers and birds and bees,

Made the rocks and trees and bushes

And the boundless, restless seas.

So all nature sings the praises

Of the God who gave us life;

Man alone of all creation Causes misery and strife.

Everything by God created Has a mission to fulfil, Then let us as God's own children

Honor him and do his will.

Mesa, Arizona Ethel R. Lillyuhile

GuideStones to Good Citizenship,

By Professor William Peterson* Director of the Experiment Station and

Professor of Geology, Utah Agricultural College

There was a time when it was not considered necessary to have any special training to become a good citizen. But with

the industrial revolution which has entered our country things are different. It was Nathaniel Bacon who once said that "a

man should not live so close to his neighbor as to hear his dog bark."This motto was followed by such men as Daniel Boone,

David Crockett, and others who took part in the settlement of the frontier. But today the problem is not to become a good

citizen off alone by one's self. A good citizen of the present

must fit into society. He must adjust himself to become a definite part of the assemblage which has amassed for the gain and

protection of each individual concerned, for the good of all, for the betterment of the standards of society, for the education and training of the young, for the strength which comes in working as a community. In the light of today a good citizen must

be a person of good character and training, ability to make a living for himself and dependents, have interest enough in the community to help others to work for the good of the cause, have an active interest in the affairs of State and National Government, and to contribute something to society.

Living together is like playing on the team. If one is weak

the whole team is weakened by what the one is lacking. If one

or two are extra strong the team or community benefits by this strength. The community into which you young people go will

be greatly strengthened and benefited by the training you have acquired here. I compliment you on your attainment. I compliment the society into which you move. But you are young

yet, and the road is longer ahead of you than that which you have passed over. You are well equipped for commencement in

life, but there are sure to be some bad roads and breakers ahead.

Your characters are in the formative period, and some guidestones, if adopted, may be helpful. I am going to suggest only

four which I consider most essential in a successful and satisfying career. These are (1) selfdiscipline, (2) honesty, (3) industry, and (4) faith in God.

*An address to graduates of the Branch Agricultural College, Cedar

City, Utah, May 26, 1922.

GUIDESTONES TO GOOD CITIZENSHIP 521

The first essential to living in society is discipline. Coupled

with this on the part of each individual is willingness to be disciplined. When we join the team we take the discipline of

the coach. We know its benefit individually and collectively.

In the assemblages of society into which you will move, you rightfully too, forexpect to be one of the team. You even—and

you have earned to be the coach. But one who canit—expect

not discipline one's self cannot expect to discipline others. To

become a hero in the lure of the crowd is easy, but to resist temptation when alone takes a thousand times more strength.

Temptation is only an opportunity to gratify a desire. We are

are for our good and some are not formade up of desires—some

our good and we know it. We know which they are. Our standards of living determine which desires we shall gratify and

which we shall squelch. Laws are made so people may be punished if they encroach on the rights of others, but laws have

never been very successful in compelling a man to discipline himself. He forms his own standards and is measured in the

community as being strong or weak, according to his -standards of living. Man does not fall to temptation because opportunity presents itself, but because his standards permit it. T do

not believe any person ever fell to the actual committing of sin until the sin had been committed many times in the mind of the individual. The Savior recognized this when he said:

"Ye have heard that it was said by them of old time, Thou shah not commit adultery:

"But I say unto you, That whosoever looketh on a woman to lust after her hath committed adultery with her already in his heart."

The Savior also rigidly taught selfdiscipline in the two verses following this:

"And if thy right eye offend thee, pluck it out, and cast it from thee:

for it is profitable for thee that one of thy members should perish, and not that thy whole body should be cast into hell.

"And if thy right hand offend thee, cut it off, and cast it from thee: f->r

it is profitable for thee that one of thy members should perish, and not that thy whole body should be cast into hell"(Matthew 5:29, 30).

Discipline yourselves into regular habits, even the habit of work. Be moral, be clean, and maintain a clear conscience.

Discipline yourselves into a mood of constant cheerfulness. Be

courteous and willing to help others at all times. It is your

duty to the community to help maintain high health standards; therefore, keep yourself physically fit. Respect the rights

and opinions of others. Be open to the truths as the dav's

knowledge progresses. Remember the vision is measured by the

height of attainment. Keep climbing, but do not let the vision

of today interfere with the knowledge developed tomorrow.

522 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Knowledge is not final; it is accumulative. Profit by the acts of

the people toward Galileo.

Galileo had climbed to a higher plane of vision. All that

he gave was accepted if it agreed with the vision of the masses.

But when he advocated the Copernican to him—theory—clear

it was in opposition to the teachings and prejudices of the people. 'They were not openminded, and poor Galileo with a

master mind and clear vision was made to suffer, and scientific progress was set back a century. This was long ago, but similar

conditions are still with us.

Have a reason for your convictions, and have the courage to defend them. We all have with us a sort of mythical ideal of

what man or woman should be. We may not find the perfect

individual, the perfect ideal, but we have quite a clear conception of what he should be. The only trouble is that we lack the

courage of selfdiscipline, or we would all be ideals. Selfdisci-

pline is not a task for a certain day, a certain year, or even a definite stage in life, but it is a continuous process. It is a

constant, daily, hourly repentance, and cleaving to that which is beneficial and eliminating that which is destructive. It is

well expressed in the great Scout oath: "On my honor I will

do my best to do my duty to God and to my country *.. *

to help others at all times, to keep myself physically strong, mentally awake, and morally straight."

Honesty is a measuring rod used on every individual in society. Mr. Withey, President of the National Surety Company

of New York City, says: "Whenever you go to the bank for

money you know that the banker requires of you either a note, security, or collateral on which he can realize at any time with accrued interest."There are two essentials necessary to pay

this to pay and honest inclinations. The last obligation—ability

is worth more than the first. The banker gives more consideration to it. Even though you have ability to pay, the banker

asks these questions: "What is your character? What is your

business career? What is your record?"Most of your record

is still in the making. Will you discipline yourself to always

adopt honest methods? There need be no concern about money

contracts. Laws are made to compel people to pay their obligations if they have the wherewith, 'but laws have done little to

make honest characters. Being honest is only creating selfre-

spect. Be honest with yourself as well as with lothers, and always tell the truth. One lie usually requires many more in explanation and drags one deep in the mire. Be on the square.

Establish a record, a career for being strictly dependable. May

t that there isit be said of you when you have given your word fear.no need of surety or guarantee. From dishonesty comes

GUIDESTONES TO GOOD CITIZENSHIP 523

From dishonesty conies grief, suffering, and anguish. Any man

who is immoral and still claims a place in good society is dishonest. He is living a lie which will sooner or later destroy

him. Learn to love nature. Nature is honest. Nature never

deceives. Nature teaches the lesson of consistency.

There are those who say that successful business methods are shrewdness and the ability for one to gain vantage over the other. Such methods have passed out. The real business of

today is founded on absolutely honest principles. No higher

tribute can be paid a person than to say he is honest in his dealings and that his word is dependable. Don't vacillate. Develop a single standard, for all occasions, and ha\e courage to

live your convictions even in the face of ingratitude. Be thrifty.

To be thrifty is to be careful and live on slightly less than you earn and to save the balance. Thrift begets honesty both with

one's self and with, others.

The attainment to which man has arrived—no matter how

inheritance,great—may be attributed to three causes: (1) his

(2) his association, and (3) his effort. Men do not govern their

inheritance, and some complain about it. Some blame their defects and weaknesses on to their inheritance. But to those born

in 'these mountain areas there can be no complaint. They are

only the second or third generation of the sturdy pioneers. They

have had given to them the strongest, cleanest, and noblest inheritance given to man.

Men may choose their association whether it be with people, books, pictures, or nature. It is well to be choice in your

association. Cultivate a large and selective friendship, but see

to it that it is good for your friends that you are their friend, that they are also in good association when you are with them.

The most important law in evolutionary progress is that effort merits reward and that the reward is proportional to the effort. The great Master recognized this law in his parable of

the money: "He said therefore, A certain nobleman went into a far country to receive for himself a kingdom, and to return.

"Ami he called his ten servants, and delivered them ten pounds, and said unto them, Occupy till I come.

"But his citizens hated him, and sent a message after him, saying, We will not have this man to reign over us.

"And it came to pass, that when he was returned, having received the kingdom, then he commanded these servants to be called unto him, to whom he had given the money, that he might know how much every man had gained by trading.

"Then came the first, saying, Lord, thy pound hath gained ten pounds.

"And he said unto him, Well, thou good servant: because thou hast

been faithful in a very little, have thou arthority over ten cities.

"And the second came, saying, Lord, thy pound hath gained five pounds.

"And he said likewise to him. Be thou also over five cities.

524 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"And another came, saying, Lord, behold here is thy pound which I have kept laid up in a napkin. * * *

* * "Wherefore then gavest not thou my money into the bank, that at my coming I might have required mine own with usury?

"And he said unto them that stood by, Take from him the pound, and give it to him that hath ten pounds"(Luke 19:1220, 23, 24).

Form regular habits of work. Industry is the measure of

progress. "There is no more personal merit attached to the possession of a superior intellectual power than there is in the

possession of a large estate."The measure comes in how are

those powers used or how is the estate used. Industry is the

measure of progress. Initiative springs from industry. By honest industry a man climbs to his reward in society. Industry

requires energy. Industry demands will power. In every person's life there comes at different times the stimulating desire

of attainment. The human being is so constituted that any desired goal is possible if "we are willing to pay the price."The

price can always be paid in energy, will, and industry. There

is a familiar saying among the sturdy Norsemen: "I put my

sole trust in my own strength of body and soul. Either I will

find a way or make one."Napoleon's favorite maxim was "The

truest wisdom is a resolute determination."An effective determination means constant toil, constant effort, desire fed with

energy and will.

all the time. Not a life Real industry means work—work

sentence to hard labor, however. Man differs mainly from the

lower animals in his intellect. The animal must carry the burden placed upon it. Man may choose his task. Hard labor is

doing that which is distasteful. Progressive industry is doing

that which is pleasant. You have already felt the reward of industrious effort. You have already formed a liking for certain

tasks. You have felt the glowing satisfaction of accomplishment. You have learned that one task accomplished gives

greater power for the next. Will you keep going? Men who

have become the leaders in the world's civilization have been men of industry. During the past fifteen years I have watched

many thousand students take up their task. I have tried to

measure the capacity and power of intellect in a prophetic outlook for future success. The attempt has often been disappointing. But I have noted that if a student acquires daily habits

of consistent industry, his success is assured. The greatest success does not always come to the student of greatest intellectual

capacity. The reward comes to the one who has made the greatest effort throughout the whole time.

Selfdiscipline, selfcontrol, honesty, and industry are the beginnings of practical wisdom. These must be rooted in selfrespect. Hope, which is the companion of power and the

GUIDESTONES TO COOD CITIZENSHIP 525

mother of success, springs from selfrespect. The humblest may

is my true dutysay, "To respect myself, to develop myself—this

in life, an integral and responsible part of the great system of society. I owe it to society and the Author of my soul not to

degrade or destroy either m|y body, mind, or instincts I am bound to the best of my ability to give at all times to those parts of my constitution the highest degree of perfection possible. I am not only to suppress the evil but wake the good

elements in my nature, and as I respect myself so am I equally bound to respect others, as they on their part are bound to respect me."

A man with proper ideals will not defile his body by sensuality nor his mind by servile thoughts. This sentiment carried into daily life will be found at the root of all virtue, cleanliness, sobriety, chastity, morality, and religion.

A man's religion is his philosophy of eternal life. Religion

is founded on faith in God. Faith is made up of two elements

hope and desire on one side, and evidence and truth on the other. Every person attempting study and progress soon learns

that he has limitations and that he is subject to law and order, that he is dependent and not independent. He learns that all

scientific research is only the discovery of laws which are alonlyready in existence, that no scientist ever made a law—he

discovered it was already operative and that he is subject to it.

Thus every research student becomes a man of faith, full of hope and desire, and a keen searcher for evidence and truth.

What life is, why it is, and what is man's mission here on earth are problems to be sohed only through faith in God. We all

have hope. We all have wishes. We all have desires. And in

our most serious thoughts we are constantly searching for evidence. There must be some evidence or desire will fail. Faith

in God furnishes the evidence. It is the stimulant to make the

best effort we know. It is the assurance that we should live the

better life. It is the power to which we may appeal for help.

It is the comforter in case of disappointment or trouble. It

stimulates the best that is in us and squelches the worst. It is

the help we need for selfdiscipline. It is the guide to honesty

in our living. It is the promise of reward which prompts us

to industry and effort. It is Life Eternal and points to the goal

of eternal progression.

Logan, UtaJi

Life Eternal

"Remember, to be carnallyminded is death, and to be 9:39.spirituallyminded is life eternal."—2 Nephi

The Tawny Terror

By Richard Inscore

I believe I possess a fair amount of bravery. Probably just

a little more than the strictly ordinary. Why I figure that way

is because I'm not afraid to own up that several times I have been scared absolutely stiff. I have been scared by imaginary

dangers and I have been scared by real ones. Needless to say,

the imaginary fright is the worst to experience. I've tried 'em

both. Outside of having the courage to admit the truth, I lay

no claims to personal valor. Though it must be admitted that

this quality is many times lacking and is commendable in any one.

I believe the worst fright I ever had was upon a moonless, noiseless night just around the time when graves are supposed to yawn and spew up their dead.

It was in Idaho. It is rather difficult to describe what I

mean, to one who has never been in the Idaho mountains, when

I say that the wet canyons are blacker than black and possess the oppressive stillness of death. Sometimes there are deep, silent,

slowmoving streams that lie lazily upon their beds, with nothing to do but feed the ever thickening growth of vegetation and underbrush. Also there the great spruce, cedars, firs and pines

rear their majestic heads toward the silent heavens, like sentinels standing watch over the mysterious life that lived and moved at their feet. The craggy canyon walls offer a wonderful

retreat for the big cat, the cougar, or mountain lion, with the dense, junglelike canyon forests for hunting places. Such was

the particular country I refer to, far back from any settlements, into the new lands then being opened up by homesteaders.

Of course, a person can get a thrill out of the ery name of mountain lion, cougar or big cat, which is all one. But to get

the real soul.chilling, bloodfreezing fright I am going to tell

about, one simply has to face him in his natural state, with nothing to look at but a pair of slavering jaws and two fiery eyes burning their way into your very being, but a few feet away. Such was the fright I had and such was the fright I'm

not the least backward in telling about.. Just how much of it

was imaginary, the reader must decide.

There had gone the rounds among the settlers, stories of depredations committed among cattle, hogs and sheep, by the

THE TAWNY TERROF. 527

big cats, and there had also come more or less credited reports of attacks upon settlers themselves. It was true, however, that

livestock had been harassed shamefully—cruelly torn and wantonly slain by the fierce beasts, whose pleasure it seemed was to

kill for the \ery meanness of it. It seemed they did it out of

resentment for the white man's coming.

It was pretty generally known that a cougar never attacked a man fairly. It was either at night, by stalking and

springing upon him, or from one of the many low hanging limbs of the giant red fir trees, which were usually thickly foliaged and directly over the path of the unwary. And at that, there

were comparatively few instances when a human being had been attacked at all. Though there had been found, a few

times, the torn and mangled body of some unlucky settler who had fallen before one of the fierce attacks from the dark. Such

was the tales I had to muse over and, added to a lively imagination, served not to reassure me upon the night of which

I tell.

This particular night happened to be one when several of the settlers in the neighborhood had gotten together at our house for a dance, or frolic. The fun had started early and

drew to a close in the vicinity of midnight. It was also a moonless night, as I said before, and except for the yapyapping of

the numerous coyotes on the hunt and the occasional deepthroated howl of a timber wolf far back in the mountains, there was no sound of life to be heard. Even the familiar "night

noises"were hushed. Or maybe I imagined it.

It fell to my lot to see a couple of the ladies to their homes which, like ours, bordered closely upon the edge of one of these big, black, mysterious canyons, where it was rumored several big cats had been seen not so long ago. There was a narrow

log road hewn out of the thickly growing forest of small trees and under brush leading thither, along which we must walk.

With memory of the big cat tales fresh on my mind, I did not relish the trip any too much, but would have died of fright, or by the lions'talons themselves before admitting it. I was

pretty much of a heboy for a lad of fifteen.

Mother, ever cautious, begged me to hunt up the big yellow dog and take him with me "for company"as she put it, but upon calling him once and his nonappearance, we started noisily calling out good nights to the departing guests. The dog, a

monstrous beast, I supposed to be away chasing a coyote or rabit so proved.bit—his usual pastime. He was,

The going trip was made without mishap and after a very few moments in the welcome light of the lamp, I turned my footsteps toward home. My heart sank. I did not know why

and the thought angered me. I resolved mightily to throw

528 IMPROVEMENT ERA

off the cowardly feeling. But walking out of the little rim of

light and looking into the forbidding darkness of the cayon, I

I hadn't.failed. If I had a gun—but

Contrary to the usual outsider's belief that every settler or mountaineer carried a couple of six shooters and a rifle everywhere he went, everyone was unarmed. There was no need

of arms, as a usual thing, and very few of them ever packed one unless purposely hunting. I had none, nor did I own anything but a.22 calibre target rifle.

I had gone but a few steps when one of the girls called to me and ran out after me, pressing a small pistol into my hand, saying I could return it some other time—that they didn't

need it, and I might want to target practice tomorrow. I heaved

a grateful sigh, knowing the real meaning of the act. She was

afraid for me, but would not say so for fear of its psychological effect, I suppose. }* thanked her, clutched the little weapon

tightly and again set off.

With nerves tingling and bloodless face, I walked as lightly as possible, as is the unconscious way of one afraid. I imagined

my own stillness would be some protection, I suppose. But in

reality it only increased my nervousness, as I could hear with startling clarity, my own footsteps and it seemed to bring the yapyapping of the coyotes closer. I was not particularly afraid

of them, although their cries at midnight are none too reassuring. To the uninitiated their weird calls are hideous, and being

under the nemous strain I was under right then, I was little better off than the uninitiated, especially when it was so black dark I could not see my hand a foot from me.

As I trod on air, I listened constantly for the footstep, ever

I could almost feelexpected behind me, the awful snarl—and

the ripping fangs and claws on my back now! Let me tell

stiff by my own imaginationyou I was scared—absolutely scared

and by rumors, more or less idle. The real danger did exist,

no doubt, though not in the proportions my overwrought imagination would have it. I had drawn the hammer of the revolver back to the position of cock and was unconsciously pressing the trigger close to the springing point, as I sprinted homeward. I at least would have a measure of protection if attacked

by my dreaded foe.

Then it happened. I was passing under an overhanging red

fir, with the bushy foliage close overhead and was making especially good time right in that vicinity, when suddenly I stopped cold. My limbs refused to function further and I felt

little remainedthe icy flush sap the blood from my face—what

terrified eyes started from their sockets. Hadalready—and my

a sudden spotlight been thrown upon me then I would, no doubt, have presented a wonderful expression. I was totally inTHE TAWNY TERROR 529

capable of connected thought, or deed. I could only stand there,

frozen to the spot, and stare.

A slight noise in front of me and at the canyon edge of the road and two fiery eyes bored their green blaze into my very soul! I could also hear the hot breath of the beast coming

and going, and see the slavering jaws with fangs seemingly a foot long. I could also see the monster crouching for the dreadful spring and could see the slowly switching tail, as he maneu.

vered his feet solidly for the launch of that tawny mass of muscular death. It was pitchy dark, you will remember, but I

could see.

It is said that when a person faces death, he is calm and collected, having the ability to think of things far away from the present moment, which is his last. I doubt it. Personally,

I didn't think. What I had to think wiA was frozen, along

with my "movability."

Then something else happened. I evidently pressed the

trigger on the pistol, just a bit harder, unconsciously, and it must have been pointed in the direction of the beast, as there was a sudden earsplitting explosion, which scared me worse, if that could be, and which brought a sharp cry of pain from the animal, who turned and sped off through the darkness.

Which direction I did not know, nor care. The new turn of

things put new life in me and new life put new speed into my feet. The net result was that I made as few tracks as possible,

in as short a time as possible, toward home.

I rounded the last turn in the road which brought me in sight of the lighted window and I literally burst into the room.

The first thing that greeted my frightened eyes was father, who was doing something I couldn't see just then. He looked up

angrily demanding:

"Say, can you tell me what in Sam Hill you shot the dog for?"He was bathing a slight flesh wound on the big yellow dog's shoulder!

Nephi, Utah Failure

And what is failure? I oft ask my soul.

Is it to strive yet never reach the goal

That beckons, ever beckons from afar,

Like scintillating beams of some bright star,

Set in the diadem on heaven's brow?

No! They only fail who never heed the call

To strive, to climb, who fear to slip or fall

Upon the pilgrimage of high endeavor.

They are the puisne weaklings who rise never,

Dwarfed by the fettering robe that pampers ease.

Provo, Utah Grace Ingles Frost

SPEARMINT 'LONG

The old town has a charm for me,

Its yards and old stone walls,

Its twinin'vines and bloomin,'shrubs

On which the sunlight falls;

I love its lanes and dreamin'trees,

Each corner and each nitch, But best of all, I'll ever love

The spearmint 'long the ditch.

The pungent smell, so clean, so cool

Sweet incense rises now, As breezes from the old home town

Play 'round my moistened brow;

Through years and years they've come to me

With memories so rich That I can smile and smell again

The spearmint 'long the ditch.

That homey smell brings back the past,

So plain that I can see The boys and girls I loved so well

That ranged the town with me;

I hear their laughter and their shouts

As through the weeds and sich We plunged to bathe our burning cheeks

In spearmintscented ditch.

The old log school has been replaced;

The church is something grand;

The streets are paved where once we played;

There is a silver band, But I go out where all is still,

Beneath the sunset rich, And sip the odors that arise Along that grassgrown ditch.

B. Y. U., Provo, Utah. H. R. Merrill

Doing Common Things in an Uncommon Way A Study for the Advanced Senior Class M. I. A., 182223

By Dr. George H. Brimliall, President Emeritus, Brigham Young University

LESSON XXII—THE HOST

Reference Reading: Why I Stopped Being Too Hospitable.American

Magazine, February; Ten Things to Keep Us Apart.—American Magazine, for March.

1. Being Host. "It is more blessed to give than to receive,"and by

the same principle it is a greater privilege to be a host than it is to be a guest. It affords a greater opportunity for giving. Whether or not

a host is rewarded depends upon his ability to be a successful host and upon his guest. The question is, what are the elements which contribute

to the success of a host? The answer is that they are the same identical

elements which are contributary to greatness in general.

2. Essential Accomodations. The essential requirements to be a good

host are: (a) congenial physical accomodations looking to the physical

comfort of the guest; (b) congenial personal accomodations looking to

the mental comfort of the guest.

The first of these requirements is relatively of little importance aside from the fact that a host should not entertain or be expected to entertain beyond the point where the expense and extra work involved become a hardship or entails a sacrifice of essentials. Many people become financially

embarrassed through furnishing hospitality and being a "good fellow."

A "good fellow"very often impoverishes his guests as well as himself.

The law of compensation applies even to cases of hospitality, which is a very profitable thing to be* remembered especially by hosts who are inclined to be big hearted and over generous.

The latter requirement, congenial personal accommodations, depends upon the host's social ability which is linked up with personal magnetism, cordiality, selfsacrifice and many other well known qualities, as well as qualities which the human mind has not yet accounted for.

3. Social Usage. Social etiquette is one aid to social ability. The

social rules of good society covering such things as invitations, how to dress, how to set the table and etc., may be obtained from any good book

on social usage. It is surprising the number of people who fail to observe proper procedure in so common a thing as introducing guests. A

knowledge of such details inspires a host with confidence and poise and avoids gross social blunders which may reflect in an uncomplimentary way on a host. Whether social usage should be followed or not largely

532 IMPROVEMENT ERA

depends upon who the guests are, and upon the object of entertainment or hospitality.

4. Versatility Desirable. Versatility is desirable in this connection because occasions arise where the use of social etiquette may be a source of

embarrassment to the guests. The appropriate thing, therefore, is to employ the most refined etiquette that the guests can really accustom themselves to without feeling ill at east.

One time when King Edward was the host of some of the peasantry, he observed an elderly man drinking tea from his saucer. In order

to appear ordinary, and to avoid the possibility of embarrassing his less polished guests, King Edward also sipped his tea from his saucer.

JESUS AS HOST That the matchless Examplar was an entertainer we have ample evidence even from the meagre history of his peerless life.

1. The Marriage Feast. The record of the wedding feast contains

proof that divine spiritual power may be used as a factor of happiness in entertainments. It was an uncommon wedding in at least one, and

probably more than one, particular. The innovation from a general custom

was one that elicited commendation of the bridegroom by the master of ceremonies, or director of the festivities. The procedure eliminated all deceit

and placed the stamp of genuinity on the whole affair. John 2.1-10. As

to whether Jesus was the chief host at this event may be questioned, but as to his officially aiding is quite evident.

2. The Dinner by the Seaside. The Master entertained five thousand

on the grassy shores of the Sea of Galilee. There is no question about

his being host at that plenteous affair. He| delegated the details of the

service to his disciples, but behind it all he was the great provider and organizer and indirect executor.

The event left the lesson: (a) Give thanks before eating, (b) With

Christian distribution, "There is enough for all and to share."(c) "Let

nothing be wasted,"John 6:1, 13.

3. Luncheon for Five Thousand* On this occasion Jesus declared

his appreciation of the physical needs of the truthseeking throng and confessed his compassion for them. He assumed the responsibility of host to

a multitude needing and meriting refreshments. His manifest solicitude

was an index to what every host should feel and his orderly procedure was an example of perfect self reliance. Again was taught in action the

lessons, "Ask a blessing before eating,"and "Waste not."

4. The Sacramental Supper. The Sacramental supper from the standpoint of importance, has no equal in history. It substituted the old passover. The covenant of action, there made, was to be repeated by the sacrament. Service of the twelve and of the believers in the Redeemer of

the world, "Lest they forget, lest they forget."How he loved humanity

what he did for them and how they "may always have his Spirit to be with them."Matt. 26:17, 30; Mark 14:12, 23; Luke 22:8,23.

DOING COMMON THINGS IN AN UNCOMMON WAY 535

Questions and Problems 1. What two essential accommodations are required of a good host?

2. Why does being a "good fellow"often impoverish the guests a*

well as the host?

3. How does a familiarity with social etiquette assist a host? Should

it always be employed?

4. Why is versatility desirable?

5. Under what circumstances should the best social usage be varied

from? 6. Name two features that characterized the entertainment at which

Jesus was host that are uncommon in the entertainments of today in the world. 7. Show that the sacrament of the Lord's supper as we observe it is

a covenant and testimony in reverential action.

8. In what entertainment at which Jesus was host was singing a part

of the program?

9. Show the educative elements in the entertainments where Jesus was

host. 10. Tell of Edward Bok's uncommon efforts for the encouragement of

good music. Chapter 32, large book.

LESSON XXIII—THE GUEST

1. Sustain Common Interest. There usually exists some common

interest between a host and a guest. The thing for the guest to do is to

sustain that common interest. If the guest is not already fully acquainted with

the host, he should study him and try to become acquainted with his likes and dislikes and hobbies and habits of thought and living.

a. Social Etiquette. Some people are given to being stiff and formal

and inclined to place a high value on proper social etiquette or they may have peculiar ideas of their own about the best social usage and about the way a household should be conducted. It is advisable under these circumstances for the guest to conduct himself in accordance with the dictates

of proper social customs, or adjust his manners, as soon as possible, to conform to the special peculiarities of the host. A guest will attract

favorable attention by outdoing his host in respect to etiquette.

A ludicrous incident is reported about M. Jusserand, French Ambassador to the United States, during Roosevelt's administration. M. Jusserand was Roosevelt's guest one day and the two went for a long walk in the

woods. A stream, which was too wide for them to jump across lay in their

course, so Roosevelt pulled off his khaki clothes and waded across it.

After recovering from his surprise, Jusserand, who was more formally clad, stripped off the necessary clothing but he left on his gloves. The

thought is implied that he felt etiquette required him to keep on his gloves in the presence of the Chief Executive of the United States even though both were trouserless. It is easy to imagine how unfavorable

the host's impression was in this particular case. This illustrates how

much some people make of social etiquette, and also, how it reacts to a guest's disadvantage not to be able to readily adjust to a host's Individual social standards.

534 IMPROVEMENT ERA

b. Sociability vs. Indifference, If it is observed that the host is inclined

to be informal and free, the guest should respond by trying to outdo his host in this resjtect and still observe those particular refinements of manner that are the mark of a wellbred man or woman. If a guest is not

free and sociable when his host is, his lack of sociability may be interpreted as being due to dissatisfaction or indifference or even to stupidity.

It may even appear to be uncomplimentary to the host.

2. The Sensitive Cord. There are some big, generous hearted hosts

who make us feel so welcome that a guest is apt to get the idea that nothing is desired so much as his company. Such hosts are found In both the

larger and smaller communities, but the generosity of the smaller communities strikes the most sensitive cord. These hosts are easily and frequently imposed upon. Other common and very generous hosts with

many guests are: the public school system, the Church school system, and

the Church auxiliary organizations.

3. Active Gratitude Fundamental. Guests should always bear in

mind one fundamental requirement, "that where a host has bestowed hospitality the man who accepts it must; be content to accept it merely as

charity unless he returns"* a similar hospitality or an equivalent in the shape of active gratitude. The gratitude implied here is not the kind that

is merely an evidence of past favors received and future favors hoped fof, but is genuine unselfish gratitude accompanied by an ardent desire to give at least value received.

4. A Desirable Guest. The following carries the suggestion of what

you should be like in order to be a desirable and welcome guest:

a. Are we the kind of a guest we would like to entertain, and have we

a strong inward feeling radiating gratitude, and a determination to return an equivalent for the hospitality we receive, or are we the kind of a guest who impoverishes our host and entertains no thought of compensation?

b. Are we the kind of a guest who can profitably entertain our host,

or do we require the constant time, attention and entertainment of our host?

c. Are we the kind of a guest who is as welcome in the attic or kitchen

as in the living room, and can be served breakfast on the kitchen table, or are we the kind of a man who requires the most comfortable bed in the host's house and then complains?

d. Are we the kind of guests who see some good in everyone and

can pay a justified compliment, or are we indifferent to the amount of extra work and trouble we entail and the sigh of relief our host gives when we leave?

We should all hold an earnest session with ourselves and see which of the suggestions above fit our particular case, and how we can improve our ability to become ever welcome guests.

'"Roosevelt used this language in speaking of public school education.

DOING COMMON THINGS IN AN UNCOMMON WAY 535

Questions and Problems 1. Why should a guest observe the social etiquette of his host?

2. How should a guest conduct himself around an informal host?

3. Why should a guest maintain the particular refinements becoming

a wellbred man or woman even at the sacrifice of congeniality?

4. How flexible was the etiquette of the late Theodore Roosevelt as

compared to that of most European diplomats?

5. Which would you prefer, to be the guest in an urban or a rural

home? 6. Explain why we are all guests of the public schools, the churches

and the auxiliary organizations.

7. When is gratitude merely evidence of past favors received and

future favors hoped for?

8. Name some of the qualities of a desirable guest.

9. What wellknown Biblical characters was Christ the Guest of?

10. Discuss the Golden Rule obligation of a guest in regard to adverse

criticism of the host or the entertainment.

11. Tell of Edward Bolt's failure as a dancecraze reformer and discuss page 386, Americanization of Edward Bok.

12. Jesus as a Guest: a. At the home of Martha, Luke 7:38; b. at the

triumphal entry into Jerusalem, Mark 11:6-12; c. at the seaside after his

resurrection, Luke 24:3643.

LESSON XXXIV—OUTINGS

1. Outings Uplifting. Outings are an important avenue to educational, spiritual and physical exhilaration and advancement. At the average social or dance, people, young and old, have a tendency to gather in

cliques and crowds and thus obstruct a free intercourse of feelings and personal contact. An outing, on the other hand, affords a better opportunity

and creates a tendency for people to mingle more freely. The atmosphere

and surroundings of the great outdoors are usually such as to exhilarate and respond to the Holy Spirit. This conclusion is exemplified by reference

to some of the earlier outings of the Latterday Saints.

2. Feasting and Companionship. The most outstanding outings of the

early settlers are the Twentyfourth of July celebrations of 1856 and 1857.

On these occasions a large number of Saints led by the modern Prophet

Brigham Young, journeyed up to the head of Big Cottonwood canyon to celebrate the anniversary of the arrival of the Saints in Salt Lake valley.

The outing in the year 1857, celebrating the tenth anniversay of the arrival, has a great historical significance because on the second day of this outing, the startling and unexepected word came that Johnston's Army was on its way to Utah to annihilate the "Mormons."'It is doubtful if a more dramatic

and yet advantageous time from the standpoint of the Saints could have been picked to break such discouraging news. After two days of feasting on the

companionship of one another, and on one of Nature's great works 8,000 feet above sea level, the Saints were undoubtedly inspired with a spirit of unity and faith which enabled them to bear the disappointment with determination and fortitude. At this celebration there were present nearly

twentysix hundred people, five hundred vehicles, and about fifteen hundred animals comprising horses, mules, oxen and cows. A military

536 IMPROVEMENT ERA

complement and six bands were also present to add zest to the spirit of the occajon.* Refuge was sought in the tops of Zion's mountains so

the minds of the Saints would be unobstructed by the ordinary rigors of workday problems and surroundings. Everything was conducive to a receptive attitude of partaking of the beautiful things of life and nature and

the Holy Spirit.

3. Spiritual Feasts. These outings, therefore, became spiritual feasts

characterized by outward expressions of gratitude and thanksgiving for ths freedom the Saints had enjoyed for ten years in the promised land. These

occasions vividly recalled to the minds of the Latterday Saints the promises of the Lord, his great accomplishments through their instrumentality and his reward for faithful effort. Such outings "recreate"in the fullest sense.

In and of themselves, they righteously expand and elevate the mind and body and soul, not only of each individual present but of the entire group as a unit. 4. Blessings and Responsibilities Added Upon. In this generation we

have the same blessings to be thankful for that the early settlers, our benefactors had, and in addition, we have those blessings added upon which have also brought responsibilities added upon. Our gratitude can be featured

in our presentday outings as profitably as it was in the pioneer days.

5. Central Theme for Outings. It is an essential feature for all

outings and celebrations to carry out some well defined purpose or central thought; otherwise a valuable educational opportunity is being passed up.

For instance, on a Twentyfourth of July outing, the central aim can be a review of incidents surrounding the entrance of the pioneers into Salt Lake valley. This thought can be carried out and sustained by the music, the

speeches and the games, in short throughout the entire celebration. For

the following Twentyfourth, the history of the activities and hardships of the pioneers immediately following their arrival can be made the central thought. Or we need not confine our theme wholly to history, we may

use any spiritual thought or idea. Some such idea can be extended to the

Fathers and Sons'and Mothers and Daughters'outings, the Sunday school picnics and Mutual outings. Or, it may be well, in these cases, to adopt

a patriotic, moral, social or spiritual idea as the central theme. This plan

need not detract from the recreational part of the outing. The games

in most cases can be so designed or modified as to incorporate and sustain the main theme of the outing. By this means outings are made

highly instructive as well as recreational and interesting. They also

afford a very practical means t>f solving some of our social problems because we get collective effort at work which makes small problems out of large problems.

After playing games, eating and rubbing elbows with other fathers and other fathers'sons, on one of their regular outings, what father or son

*See History of Utah, by O. F. Whitney, Chap. 29. Also John Steven's

Courtship, by Susa Young Gates.

DOING COMMON THINGS IN AN UNCOMMON WAY 537

could return home without having a higher regard for his rellow brethren or without being benefited in various other ways? What girl could be

so indifferent to morning and evening prayer, the reading of good books, proper diet, and proper exercise as to not participate in them at the Y. L.

M. I. A. outings? After living in such environment for a few days, what

girls could be so indifferent to these things that she would return home from such an outing without being uplifted?

Questions and Problems

1. Why do outings afford a better opportunity for social intercourse

than most entertainments?

2. Why is the great outdoors conducive to greater exhilaration than

the indoors?

4. Describe the Twentyfourth of July celebrations of 1857, at the head

of Big Cottonwood Canyon.

4. Why would the Saints be especially grateful on this occasion?

5. How do you think the Saints felt after receiving word concerning

Johnston's Army?

6. Name some of the regular summer outings of the Church organizations.

7. Why are outings educational?

8. Why are outings conducive to a better cooperative spirit in a community?

9. Discuss this proposition: Sunday outings are essentially characterized by a spirit of recklessness, (a) Organization and organized plans are

missing in planning them, (b) Organization is lacking in carrying them out. 10. Discuss the fourfold value of an elevative outing: (a) The expectancy of it. (b) The preparation for it. (c) The enjoyment of it. (4)

The remembrance of it.

11. In what praticulars did America fail with l!ok. chap. 38.

(The End)

My Baby

I'm- gazed on the faces of monarchs great,

I've seen great rulers and potentates;

But the greatest face beneath the sun,

To me is the face of my newborn son.

I've felt the thrill of achieved success,

I've thrilled at the touch of love's caress;

But the "thrillingest"thrill I ever knew

Was when I heard my firstborn "coo."

I've known great wealth and have known great fame,

I've thrilled at the sound of praise and acclaim.

But the happiest moment I ever had,

Was when my firstborn murmured, "Dad."

Clifton, Idaho O. E. Howell

Joseph Quinney, Jr.

The New President of the Canadian Mission, Who Succeeds

President Nephi Jensen

Joseph Quinney, Jr., was born in Weber Canyon, Weber county,

Utah, December 25, 1870. He is the eldest of a family of thirteen children. He was educated in the public schools of Logan until he was

thirteen years of age, at which time he started out to provide for his own support. Since that time he has been dependent entirely upon his individual efforts for the success achieved in life.

He was first employed as a delivery boy by Zion's Cooperative Mercantile Institution and later he became a salesman. He worked his way

upward through intermediate positions to the headship of the accounting department. He was with Z. C. M. I. in Logan for a period of seven years.

JOSEPH QUINNEY, JR. 539

He was then called on a mission to Samoa, where he served for four years, being very successful in his labors. Upon his return he became associated with Sidney Stevens Implement Company, also with the Cache Valley Mercantile Co. After serving these two institutions for two years he

became a representative of the Amalgamated Sugar Company, first accepting the position of general accountant, later that of manager of the Logan plant. When the Lewiston sugar plant was built he also became manager

of it, and eventually was made district manager of the Amalgamated interests in Cache Valley.

During the year 1916, two years after the world's great war was deolared, Brother Quinney was sent to Russia to purchase sugar beet seed for the local sugar interests. Many parts of Europe were visited by him

including all parts of Russia, Siberia, China, Japan, and many of the islands of the south seas. Upon his return from Russia, he resumed his

duties as district manager, and in the year 1917 was promoted to the important position of agriculturist for the company; later he was given the

position of general secretary. Aside from his activities with the Amalgamated Sugar Co., he is a director of the Thatcher Brothers Banking Co.,

Hotel Eccles, and chairman of the executive committee of the Brigham

Young College. He served also for a period of four years, as trustee of

the Utah Agricultural College. He filled one term in the Utah State

Senate, as senator from Cache county.

His ecclesiastical responsibilities have been many, he having come up through the various quorums of the priesthood. He is at present the first

counselor to President Budge of the Logan stake presidency, having served since the organization of the Logan stake of Zion. Prior to this time he

served as second counselor to President Ballif in the old Cache stake. He

served in both ward and stake positions before his elevation to the stake presidency, and has had wide experience in the educational, civic, and religious development of the state.

In 1892, April 22, he married Ida Theurer. The fruitage of this marriage were six sons, five of whom are now living—one in Salt Lake City;

one in Casper, Wyoming, one in Los Angeles, California, one now on a mission in Germany, and one attending school at Logan. Three of Elder

Quinney's sons have been on missions, two in Germany and one in Samoa.

Elder Quinney was set apart Feb. 6, 1923, to preside over the Canadian mission, by President Heber J. Grant, Charles W. Penrose and

Melvin J. Ballard, President Grant being mouth.

President Quinney has been a careful student of the gospel for many years. He has read widely. His sympathies are wide and generous; and

his love for God and the great latterday work unbounded. His many

friends rejoice that his rich experience and faithful devotion may be used in directing the labors in one of the great missions of the Church.

Charles S. Hyde

The New President of the Netherlands Mission

Elder Charles S. Hyde left for his new field of labor in Holland,

March 16, sailing from St. Johns, Newfoundland, on the 23rd. He was

accompanied by his wife, Mrs. Lenora Sperry Hyde, who has been called

to preside over the mission home. Their three children accompanied them.

Elder Hyde will succeed President John P. Lillywhite as president of the

Netherlands mission. He was assistant chief clerk in the Presiding Bishop's

Office and a member of the Pioneer stake Sunday School superintendenicy also a member of the Pioneer stake high council, and chairman of the teachertraining department of the Pioneer stake, prior to his call for this new field of labor. In 1907-9, he filled a previous mission in Holland,

acting as mission secretary to President Sylvester Q. Cannon. Mr. Hyde

is well qualified to take charge of the new position to which he has been chosen, and the blessings of his many friends go with him to his new field of labor.

The Book of Mormon Plates

By J. M. Sjodahl

As far as I know, we have no data from which to calculate, with any degree of accuracy, the number of plates contained in the original volume of the Book of Mormon, or their weight. And yet, such questions have been discussed seriously

by unfriendly critics of the Book of Mormon. The prophet

Joseph does not enlighten us on that point, any more than Moses does on the size and weight of the stone tablets on which the law was engraved. The particulars furnished by the eye witnesses were given in answer to questions pressed upon them,

in the course of what amounted almost to crossexamination, many years after they had seen the plates, and their figures could not be anything but vague estimates, in the absence of new revelations on the subject.

Suppose, for the sake of illustration, that two or more men should be asked the dimensions of a book they claim to have seen, say Webster's Dictionary, and that the question was put to them twenty years after they had actually had it before them;

what would the result be? Each would give his own impression, unless, indeed, there had been collusion between them.

David Whitmer, in an interview in the Kansas City Journal, not very long before his death, said of the plates:

"They appeared to be of gold, about six by nine inches in size, about as thick as parchment, a great many in number, and bound together like the leaves of a book by massive rings passed through the back edges.""

Martin Harris, according to Myth of the Manuscript Foundb estimated the plates at eight inches by seven inches, and that the volume had a thickness of about four inches, each plate being about as thick as thick tin.

Orson Pratt had never seen the plates, but owing to hi* intimacy with the Prophet and the witnesses, his word has great weight. He tells us that the plates were eight by seven inches,

and that the volume was about six inches, each plate being about as thick as common tin. Orson Pratt also tells us that

twothirds of the volume was sealed.

The question therefore is: Could onethird of a volume

aThis is quoted from The Prophet of PalnvyTa, and may or may not be authentic.

An excellent little book by George Reynolds.

. -

7ito> -S3 n"vv ->v vSv nvj\ *i>n bttm md.? tnwv v> ron -3 ro miwi

."ran 1 "33-r sw -\'x pi fbn'TAV nvs 3zny onW*p vn ny > uv>i'i7 nrpin!/

: -\y 3331 nr*vr>> jOi n*>N nji'N 'o'-t cts-?*3 ryi'i a*)y* roa dki n* wTjaJj'SW nun33333witoi3M3301*1*icVnrv nn

33.-3 -m-oii; io>')** nri'by nnnM *3*33-< Tinibiibnu.iy '*<"'"ir: roni,

% 5>f, rioi 7:v>i5"'*D nnnnTiNW>r\?i]tiw3\r!--iV'in T3Kna"v: nimv 'wvci "'vy3UMn3wn>VOv ray two*

l 1 1 iVnnn ivns r 3 1333*3331."333-3 p'ra'i'rov v>y 3331? iniottM W:w ny> ti*". iW>Di "is. 33\r 'li"

rs a3 >l>y v>i>H}rtv>'tvi?v u1 mirvyu** nn,x-m; 3u>k *3'33.nm: D3*y r'n v-frn d"*3 -YVWia''M: rttwjpwsrov r,niw ]sn3 TnnnS? *d: dx >'t t\> >k nuw "Sin cnS*.

*TM13 DD"V iTWHinXl? 1\TOB'3*3-Hi 'X "333rl "XVOM DK) lrVlVS'l 3733DX * D3> >J>?;>J3>V3ntfl ->\

33N tf3i d s"hiow 3:n xr jra*ran 13591-* 1)353 icDn D'333yn rem > 3 nrmnw:,

33112)'ranVioi D-ra on coin 3ron nHD'pM'D'S'Hontiwnb nnwvspinwd.w

ra>5n*? rw?n'rn*>n n-n "itvq? jn: toui pxim nonai >i n'<o,3**t*i;;\,< m> TOfl(

nyi-i 3 H312T Wlp Q'nx * '33$*Yi 3y33i.3QV33 rpnrpui L'V"U.V*yDi 1W3 T3nu nvwto vb'w

3*piT33Y* 733?'3 n*o "ty3i 3Tii?w:r>yww3 d3'T33>3*u*3',73 ttwtjs- tfDrw

ia s a-raa ivibn io8ri Taron niru 3*in awviii cnV.-spsiinra-i nrnpMM) 0301*'mywoVyMri 39c t*;.id)'-<,'i-t3'3i3><>'3ni'j?n 3113a TWO'D3io>''r>>i-co*3Vj\r.rii nnDD'.-'.x'*: D*i>3';i3vraVjK3*:

b'*> viy dt"-3 -? ujcairoiti >*< a.v 'uova tyaia-m* -ii75i)*T\s I'-a** yis:r 3*3-

md'Cii u)cs D'r\Ti3n n%.sai 'vn \sj 133 Dmpu? te catw naauw n-u D3>wm

'!>->? i3>:r!/!>i j>5* nnj \vs lroSiNi iro**3 U3?!>>nn dw'i TmrrmVs miffi "D"! 1 ny C-TT1:m.\v\-i-iy;i}3y)H

Hebrew translaDnj tih dji TnH riDin im'r 'mn -.nnro axiaiBH uy r\TS "\)iv tins '>n iy r>v? rvro > nsmV

nn.-vi c<>.t '15*13 j>x ten r\x iiyK jin VJr> nisn n-<p r\W K>n no '\2>i>i n "V>"S oiivw m

ljio ii?i2) Db*j>nrii5i?<in;> '33* jv*;'trn nnnti* Die >v.t.t.-\d*"'- 'qbi ** tvw \cfp D3i3n'inn mKi1

3rvr>..ti -19*3 q>*35 *jotion &f 2 Nephi ivpSi 7**3 j\n 3U?;* j\*ni2r\> p*si5r\ n**>'n \yn*> jMAi nnn > nnA? Mn

r3pn,3*3ft'v5*3)jMi''p>33 d*5 "to n\Ny lyyn *3'3y3''W-n'uiran'ynrv TrN's '13s; nj.T **j>M3)np

to5:20 * -jr)>3 2 Nephi Dli.X.3 lnic* *JU> 1M1H1 D'13W -*'n TPTi'rVPO-"*"iy>M lllTM''SV

, >3Wl - i; 1**5 nnv.">*p'Dir n*r>*5B'.\Vyii\n r* n.t,)3 "roy o* v>n3j> 3*->* 3s "\*ri Tton ny33 d tv

-inDri'T'3vii'ii>',p\")"VDyi3,i7Jnn: n'S t, x> u'Tii'Va'n- wvao NWny11:3, about, '3'tfTOn'TUi-'3*-73i T3'V?n3nv-<'3)'i3)31'3:*i)*in >iiii>ti*'TibTS>3 DV'TinSlT fournW j yiyS *V-ui j>*?3n Sj n'3 3 jv*; d-, D'.T>i a>iD >)) nsU'X'i i"3n3>i-*5*)V "u 2?v * xnii'X

,vj93TiO*3ii>*tsl!;o"'V.'s "Drbvirz vt&ir\z n'tr >lo3i*D'yTl'DD.**yvn)nl *ftteen and three-, i arivn an> v D\>n ptoa D"i?>u?*ta v'?3 >p >5v"3 VP"TonirjMnn!,V

** t<3Ai*v?N3.i ntw.3 1* ri*3n> iy**v Mi i>"3wn >j> 5*3 n"> n*A c n>rvnwos p p'iyn, yw&r*i'33-3*'njr pages, 33**31-**quarters l\v Awjin MT133 D'7>-V> *"]9>73, i>y a>ii *ry c*i3\3D?mnnn:*:*.*;< pQNiUBP 35jv? 7*0*3 <i3*nn

riup n"\x.ri33u *>tj a*:; urnw -iirci'TiiyoTsvpi tisS? mw'ia ri 3N)J wiuiVusiMpri-i mi

vrt3 jvinn*: V*3 o ttn''yijiA merican edition j*3>tu>n ip3 prfw

331M".bs3\y'iBniw nnr xnri HDiion* qm p'a-5runi3iW3'>p'nv5Dn?',inj*73 it* n.-*?i? 33'35>o>n-y>"337\<<i ini>iy?f<rin>3 -\

B*-33nj5 0331 nmin*y3 w 7YV3U3v,t- Q'wbii>o'3Dnnnfe3The space within 131I3H3WT5* nj*-\y333 D'yTi*.nr>'i3D'-nnn-"*ivon*:'3333;ritiofnrintiA-j*iin3*>3vituoisyyni-qtosj D"n? v,v Tn'ai*isS3

o.**Tivi3> q333i3'p'*piVu>o'3Q3iy?niavwn>Qvi

** -3*19331,T>3T>.-\3p7?? SS -i'-iit 33 Q'pi3 *3 3V> )J3> 1 S'nnthe border lines is V r1 >V 0 T5S fU)9U?15i

'13133 3>'3'1.3>3 Sti.1 77\ *'1313/3*03. t>V1J 'bUl'D?! >V<: T?7>V Urn [lV*1'3-3,3 D73U>T33>3 QTT\T): YP?W0n

11I13U''j'Ki T>3n.33n3 31*n?3 35.3 to]?< N '2/'.-'>tf5'P D"3tf"12n'*y W'."iP3 S3* QK,M*)3rl V31-.3 3TIS1

)> ro viw J3t3Bir di rn'.nbi rai2?3 33 3110'*3 *n b3? msi:?ni n d*3 D3'TOV',0;p)the exact size of pmv

the plates as given?J)'y'PN ni3t>.-\3n'i>p3''<3'''aHVyyVS0HiU'3'';rHDBW?Ol'33*3QV"?''3ri*'*ri'3."313'

yui3 >!*/ -v3'3y ip?iA 3'3'l'Sn bVJ rip'pi i<b "foi -\sv> *Vl: N 3 3T"33 3, 33n> nnW 33 '3 3T WW, >> B3,W>) Kti3>13 D''Q'.Tn'bnA 3U1X *3"393Mff '13*13 1*51/131 M3Wl3i)3'TM3 13* '3 '>'ll*3v> -t*"3y3>*3iSi5DTO3 331 B'-3Ti'A'5nv->,iW -3D>1 TCP'}}:""JiSVyNDW i>yp3n3lb >3 313r\

1 3 T3K'-33, D>'3 T-W'tt> M!>S-33y>H --lnnO D''3 3-3-33"Wi> nv""3 3.by Orson Pratt and.-*)l1E*3 331310 n-T*3 *3 OJ5V3

1-1311'3 "TiMJIN'irM '33'(ft3i33 Qr**Un3 C<5 33Dr>3S> H-33!S> i?W: Q3 CN335T1 'T?1 'WU D3'VW '"33.33 131 1<3: t',3*3V3WnViW<*-i'>n;3J333-T.3313-''XIU. 313 nX'RS'Martin Harris, 7x8 -iN3'3T3Wri'3DN31337Ti"

- vp35< '3 p-r*<ni33-3 3330 2 1331 3iy >:x 33i dih '-'39> 3a 3-38 *t\n n vn?3 vrf th

inches. ti'D?333riTViIi:'crii33i3>3;ri3i333!3'nc33riD33V13t33* *33T333 t Q-233.N Tl*< 'in.'3'3y33p> r\T'J3i;n,3*'iyv3ia'3>i33n'i33nriinT3*3Hi.3 cs,K D3'y3D.35i*n'D'T033'3i3)'nj3<3'ia3n3\>>K3i:MBBI3'0M3

'n**ri:3n?oTi3v;.333j33'<*3iD3snn3y'u,?ii3'r\3V5'3'<"3'*''

D'3fv3 rvWMTlSTNNtin "1731J3 8>1 H3H33 3TM3J3 1<131 '-l-3 Di'lB'TTSa WbZW "W 8H '3T'J331'3133*>*.T''Cs'>>D3N33*>'1''3131SD'33H*ns3JHV3'

>ri3ii3D3Ti3>lS")ri33 IM33yr3'3T1><T3HT3'3-3-0?? D3]3Tl'ia3T3 Q3-*3)1'33-'3*T13'U;1'332 D* H>DK3

1 j*32i '33V T7X13 b*33\;X33T3 D3T3333*} 13'3iT313i> rOT 33T3 133 '3TJ3b Q3 SP3 3.3n1 1** 133r5313>

3in?333>3'vy>33J3'3ri3>33-'7>nn3'2.3,?3Dru3 3'l<ii3- v)S'33.-3i331pi '3i3S'nH3l:;75Ull'Q3WQ!:

'1173-3 >1> C3**53l3'33n'TiS myi.a'ri'3>3-71'0- C1333'H3.3 13331331 153353''3 "31i>3r\'C3 3JJ*3;>.-3I'5 3,11'

5S9J3YT3S'35"D">re 3*33 *3'3H3.iT33 nsnfimn I3333nn3''333D3'iy>< 13n35in'3.llsrK 'ri33;,3 33ii!<

*5'33-\'3 '*< 1>'<"l lS33 1333'3'Mi35<: 3. pi 3'>3 r*-'X 'J>3 315U) P'31?3X3.3 b*-3'3 1133 lin p"!

*''3 3-3T131 -!> NirV'Dk r\33V,3 l!33t<>31 V.3 f<*375 Hi I3V 3'3,3K D'3'li'ts*73y 3>3 Vk OS \V D'3313 \V '1 TV DA'A, '3.33->38 3*iin3'r\ ru.3 p3*d\!>i "i-ojs i*,?33 3yi b-tci"21 x>3ii\'j 'o 333 rorsryyp, r -xwn

>,3'<i5: t< 3353,3 -OTiSm,ry333t3'3'U71.i3ri3,313 <<"3i;BP T3J?) 3933 -3, y33*5iQ'3">3Dr3 Y,X Y"3,y,3

\'3-3 3,3"3 T3''>3; rn<i V"l?<3 -\',313NmnY'H33 "(J3!3T< tJTl V33T3* YX 315W,,A'T3T3 y3"';y,A>i "I3l '3 '5X ri'3l8 n'--I33 313 Q33133 T3333) "Jl 7*\3S H'J,,3'2, 32H3 3,'.3>-Un3333

31333''3'*? J, Vr\3 OirvO'': Tt32333T3.3 33}3 rOPlTOS*, '33SA n*n*Y3 73 -3Y"i3 T3i)33 3S33

: l',V!>*< '33)13 "T*3 DTM',33 *3'3>r\ "T3X "3S "T3)3i T3'3int< 33 npK p31 T33 "'lU 33> Q33K Vis

3*3*3733 13*373 ">-*y3 '3 V\ 3>313 'X 3'3."i?3*r\ 3TT"H >33C3 1,3 33> J*.**) *S*'->-'13 3nir: T na

-, vy, 3'5, 3>;*j 313i "|>3f< 33'?>3 3M3 7flUV'"l'3 D'T331J 33'i35n3T3 \y n;n DM NS nUij 13<ws yy

- T3'33ij3/3 ": -C33 '3 '3 "l* TJ'2*l ">33$3 J33*o:3> 3Ji U'333.1*} }3'3T3 T3'3 "nW D"><r3 tins M'nK lf> P"0

y,NpS "\33 131)3 1 "-333 1331 rfi\y 1 NT353: "D 'TIS libl B'ix t>.?\> -33X3,j, 3333Y V<131*J* V 1)3,3YS33 p

1'333-3 ir,33>33Tri'VT3>3 T3'73U'1333313 INS iT3Tfl 1Y\3 J3lye? n'D33y 13 TD31 TO

3'*>3"3 333 TjTihUiHI '3 '33 33353;aK *3H;3W3 3*23. "By> 33 *JH'D3 T53>3- '3 63V>133J173'?D TVT\"Ti>1*W&WBn!3>5 D3"T3>"0 3* 'in3?T3*3*3 '*3Py'3'-i23 JM:T"3a.TH T">TT J3W3D31 T3"3Y/ 1"0W nU'"3VD"tt)* 133D?"

L M -

."ijY*y;un.-(bbp j tti aD"i by c nvbv "osVo tVSG gVj rrna im5 Tin -'ftB "119* '*.im-.'*v>i>t vr*n-\'nwv.'nvy>viiw,Br>D,w>,3V wiwm

'3:.""3.1 tfibw -Y3.T3.313 wirw?<t> >iy,(t >!< V-3b V.1 P'a S TT 3'>y> 3J31tf OTNn TW,llirji W"P373 '"P"

3 13jv<3J tjvrriyw n'toiy i vby 1-133? pi '3rr\ui3it'iK "3d Y"iK3 ii"h pi >;35*voy '"ivi tnn?

frtjl) 'nnrv.33ttnnmb l\S 'jvitfy i "DKrH "T>i: MSP91TO P< 3V P3iub OCXO'T*.! t->3"!

3-s < >T>3U333 ns i? vVbyi miuo V3i3"i 'mnu'm 'j<wtTj9."tmp

>c>) 333b;i D3b* kt&v: thou '3)3W,Jp iu>k nrTTirrnainvryw ">ri B3iRpsr?,5J*3 wnn '*ns

'3331 lisvina Wfv dtot rwi EJiVT? nynTcVatf D3 %ni3.; tw "*<WTswi*

. "5 '<*& '3 n-3 n-cmi n:? Daby dDain ST"3"-.>o285 vn rvsw jvmjmd3jt\Vw 1 "">n bsi rrt"Dan ns m**i isp ""pjsfrwwiij -yo to asm avas -vrwaorvrmup.-\Vsip r>yM.

ivi'ac"3 >aiC vrcQ iivjaw*,j{nnD>iMUJV>,,>,13j:.-ftnxiiSjH{

V/iT.3 DT3Di V31!T 31W N D73v1 H3 nV DUlTW 1 lOW

51 ffDN73Jl D'nil "DTI'li/-n,3r3J.3rv 7331 >iffl-V,T3'UH 3 D,"V>V IP 'Dn55>">N>"P'DV3 1TV>3 mlSl 3 QH

y nx 3,nV pmn ny -up is by nnb) rap&v rwba *nn3ra nrrtjn vwb r**o ny* viae tronjitf jvnrr nSi iaiyto nbpiu'K ny 3 dtito nnwr& irnnsnnnai von Qr\3 y 3vi

N.V TaKnVl 1* '3 VJbVf'iy 1)33/31 13)bi 313>P.> Qi""">N,13*3'JOTyytS N3Y'i TOW>J"2J!3

r\a '3: nbiyb >yoo -vnjvn p> on w tjw3i ojk/i -w ru i fl: npy >-3 Tirt'VM ibwiA

\J's.in> <tSv;ri'3 'T>5<3 in nnt3b>3 %r>f<Dn rviwi >vi D3 t -wra r v: D3W 1wo

,,<v,!7>t;i, v. 3"<>3.-iv>-iVn''ri'3VUJ>'S;r>)p\-\":nTi'3Bi33V'V'3r>n'vnV3

p>i v><"i;'m "> iii;,3Tpi 'ViJ) n33?3'5o-n-<r\p.-i > '-\jit 1? W'ipna'j,M3b3i ttjw u,i3w -: t'i-.3i 0331 i-r3v>">oi "nx D,?3* v>>? \by o'V'L'iw vwi to pw lv.mi-|>i.-t.T

"ivrK s ib33 7115 -n qt> "N*nj >< 1 iy i.i. ir50'Ds>?) iynf

1i, 3'iTiJir\3H'S'0-rNnntn3ev;ni?,'Tiws "anapai 131313, '>Niy>3ii'.3'o;un3sn i\3K s,>iN>!nN'i)iii,->oo \wc"

v,i >) 351 D-?3ir\ >a-viimbiN rvSv -o33 t"i3 nS3r optf pK.m rmno.-V03HW

tiN33K 3iS"F053; Tj>3''y.v3.iSTn>i< i>i',l;lK'{wvasPJ% i3D3in>1> 1x331, 'nvinoyVJT*

-\->t jm,3v jr. %.ww na-i n-bvsj.Tniw % >3 1> P33.T -nj,-n'n n is en ni\3c?,N

fif<1 tj/h ibij ji jioi.Tji r> px>% iDiM hpn din n3wm y3t<. -\o \n*V iHi3 D'nWfdi.ii>

'3>N1 3*3 "11V S.TOn?lW "ftW

.35> n>33 333)13 l'V nW,"! 013i>3DDWyiDi XDSp>:W3*T 3'rni3331 T53.31Kn3T\1V'.nvjlrv'ia.TOW3331MH3iTOy->lU;<

;< tjSoo 33 n-itt"rvvTn'i'z r -r)K3i iSKXHn:-\vK ioKWSJUfi r\uV JW nj

ij) 'lij): D'lW.T.33D13W>Y17W'i?yTVVJ>-\U'D 3K3"\1> "VJ Tnn

,3ip 3ii,2v;nDi'?n3f>iniy,i;n',(B'33iiK W'(Vi1 -lv3ron{lTaP* -3)n',xr>n'\U,r>

>3s,.3r>33n'<iTOK3itf"iTi'5 3'>iyj<.r\V3Dtp:DfaninnN'inrin>{v->K35oi3

*3 jn.i 3331AiJS: n>3JM > '3 n'lvp'i 'yri jiV3 T033 3'T> HN nnb'lBiJimn

DiQSinj 'i?,3aVajl''DSi S1133 'HO at!y)i% pi1 ) -\-jiynJ/b 33,333,>3333iT13, D t'1P'ygfj

1 '3 ir>-i: irsunjyri.Hin'i'rjni K"n3 >B3i lirv'iyri\3-nr> "'3D mS P'dVh"

D?iy vprvii rvn*.i vtg ofpnto in tj n'nn r>i>T? iiai d'3'v dk n> wndis wn nmaw

, 3>i3f<."UIDW vi."m\3 i3yi3pt3 >33 irws "'JOO P'Dn "Mapa n:d rw tnhw n "ws fp %w3H

'3!>t; J3N >J3 'bwTil 'T 313UU31 TOO r.33>31 3J)1 >V\3>3 CT 3t33 J1W3 "Pn T>W IW3

iM"i.3 pjx'tsp r>jvn ubij x pTit:i p3ij3"n3 %3mi'3 73ni)3 jY\t>3 -n i-'>DDn'j3>3 |nmj t<m

v '3 in\f<3, tinnTiy 3'3'>i3'\"'y;33lV!.>i> 13T>.""3 13331 D'3v;3 iy-l>N3'i"13 Wl3373 r\>311

3'3'131?3iyi,3V"T1.3)333 3V Jiy 3nP 33 ll'THSaaiTTU O0 DX,?3Wl M3."V by a,73n0'TO

n?l )ri nv.l '353 131.31 ill} 3"nS ffflTSl iJBlbbtvlW tfnp tUS 331 IMU3p 131V)>3 'S3

t\133 iiay"0U>3i {J3JV33 JVW'J) Dm irit'W3111W pt>'3 X13 itf Q'W3 D3 %-D"I Dh >3

DWbi n?3.T33iy hd'ti n\5iiT>m 11 DTOfos srwj lanA 3WHJ3wnpn tTCHsn pv--iMYiQ'uy 3ws rvnsMicsn Vjx Tmvis\piiQti\'m$x fBTu'Tvianpiw Vsoiu

S?r<: <TiD?ia 't\>3'")ti}>nj3 ib roT\SB)Sn nwsi n y 3>aD'PWi 3?uts

1 qji '3: hSi"WSw 3yi3 iivj 33133733 TO12/33 iiVO'tsu'pi iiuya s> n b M3w VP"> Dwwu "3 1 '. *3 Lpi 1H33 VOSvV ya.lMXl nnDH M17l3Bnb rO 3M K3W l"WV333

,>i "Wi 3aiyi vjy dt\ imtsosi lim?idjw niiv <*x nS3 Mni.3|, ><J> tovviww 1 'anSy

> -3 '?<>>3 TiVT 31B>3K t5T33f1333. S: 3tf >> "3 DatTU TO71 naS n?3y by W33i3 "3>3>v

ti.3: "?3 v53ti> 'nv>i33 cnt'yi,33n -mi nrvrftoi ioi i-nv y5iy 3 dk dV3 3.A3 3v131

3 3ie,n,3vv>. "raip? 'in.- rof)>nw pwpa'a Pii3>"ii: p>3vim/3 -d ptn "si'n-ibn

*n 'innnii rw>u a.33 py %3i33> v3a>i DMyn3 vj?b vito-s nx iian.n 1* i>3

|>>1\?a yW? 7W3 JNtH31 13,1 1 "3 'TOT 1 'XOa.3 D3H113.,i23 Ml P 1231J1,113.3PS

aSi'iyiTjnyiu'i vStfin vi a'TMU'n ioti -<3J1, 1 D,3'3t>n T3t33 HJn DS n1?! nnB* K> 03(33 n?< \StSV>nN>!>H>3333,V33,331x1 lyvarfpa'333 Q,1,y33l3)wib

mk 3\3nx.3 tsitti )y>aV W33 P'pna '3Jna3 Tyiia* >x>>?!vsi -Dyj?3 y i3i P'yo UK

13!ji|3h3: B3j>yivns "5 1131 D3 nj\iroiyx D'pisnyirN >3-Dn cyr?<3an?3 uiv> T3pi3

>3!3 1?l,i3,133irhiyvpil--i'?,3'nv>3 v a3l3H 'yn,S,?\111iM1'SV,rB1H,5 pyis rvnss>3,oi l'rm c"?! tpwia d j>k n 03133 Dann nnu wwbt ok

33 id*! bbni 1 tc-s r by.vi tsian3 n >3!>>>< rts: uv -tres'p B-ab Rjswapi wa>B3 na 133-3-33*r**wv sbi >>< -- "<iu>ion i3i ->2 yrin> -nn > irrjvDyia.'iijT) >TSfl iTiiaT u?np>

\N3l r5l3>iV333.3 "Ji'13 irf3ilX>5]\"l: C;i3 i3H\ ITOmVl IWT> T33,333,iH3#

(>V 3i\'nsviovxi Trains -nx -v,-(>3r(avi -yn > p\pm nxiva -My ->a 3dv* 'J* 3nyi nssK 1 irro iJiT Q-V 13'113 V rvS DJVV b3S jjni.1 Tl'V Ip arM3i313bvD3"31 D3b ri3> H> 1W

ilS'SjW nbiyaj33n.3i>i rxi n-rvk wpn'SD ip r>,a 3'$'3 Q3i u,n:im Tf&n - d}ij>

j>ntt)i D3ii)iat3v pb"i.ia'bjj'p-'i>iBs->y M3* D'bu'initix nDimnnrobioTiri

ti K3-i Jiw BTibni trt'aa hbn jyh3 visaTi3by nma* sna. bj? nvyu upvm %> "3 30"Q3131X 13"V 0*133 r!R?31 J3TV133 3TO)> QJIi'O DTVTl "3-3'S33 OXDrt Vi)TOW

%<>3i 113 by ssi 133333,3 mil -\i3 33>>y bai 'notni '. "QTOy.3 Ss yx ns m'x jw.3: tw TO1p

1 iM>iy'333 '32 11131 733 3ian3 *a jMr>D>.3 P'ntinb'jx rro is aiwaa ryaDnb cpw

mj.-h3b tin i-s -3J3 jv< nu'yx w?ts d'adw 8 m- ba *3ms "iib 'nniaarw-T

iib;.3 ia'i jix riw.3 31313. rwfai ssnrjsQTono?: iii 1 "Ta i?Doa a,33:f<3 an:

-\DPi r\r\ 'n -vaai;b isbijwN3-'iMX3aa,ai3 N3an3yro;3 wi "a)TDr6

'r312)i 13331}\ Vi3X,b 3313 ><n3V3 'D,v3 N1 fcVir$> 3y 1)3 VMMrnaTj EKXW i"3dwi imjiaTT>2;in 1MT3B33obi "33s -dik ivtm naaab ri3 niaw): iwxa'D'3">S rum o'H,,\ aW.3133w 1""3 3U323. t)'',->nSD'Ji pr JMP31 'D N WSH3TDT1 S) >y-l VtSBTO,n1<TQn> Qov 3D1 TOm

-3i3) Bf33 nk PHift: tr3K:> an *b$ N3D3 >v Pn aiTO"?wm -3?<3 "topWts>: "3)x n>u'K a>">a Xiu'3 ds topvt>aVwa?p"pw.\ t>">a:iBiTO> vp \a>i mwi

544 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of metal leaves, eight by seven inches, by four (according to

Martin Harris), or eight by seven by six (Orson Pratt), contain enough plates, each as thick as tin, to yield the necessary space for the entire text of the Book of Mormon?

We have been told that this was utterly impossible.

Now look at the accompanying illustration. On a space

seven by eight inches, my friend, Brother Henry Miller, a

Hebrew by birth, has written with pen and ink fourteen pages of the Book of Mormon text, translated into Hebrew, using the square letters in which the Hebrew Bibles now are printed. That

is to say, the entire Book of Mormon,c fourteen pages of the

American text to each page of Hebrew could be written on 40 3-7 plates in all.pages—21

Brother Miller positively states that, even if the compilers of the Book of Mormon used much larger characters than he has used in this copy, they could have engraved the entire text on 48 plates. j

This may sound incredible to some, but in the first place, the Hebrews anciently did not write the vowels, as we do. They

wrote only the consonants, and they did not leave a blank space between words. That was an immense saving of space. In the

second place, they did not need as many small words to complete a sentence as we do. And frequently the auxiliary words

consisted of only one letter, which was attached to the main word, either as a prefix or suffix. Finally, they used many abbreviations and that was another great saving of space.

Now, if we allow fifty plates to an inch, and four inches for the thickness of the volume we find that onethird which was translated consisted of 66 or 67 plates. But as only 48 were

actually needed, there is ample enough margin to allow for large, readable characters, and the necessary thickness of each plate.

It is just as difficult to estimate the weight of the plates as their number. Thirtyfive twentydollar gold pieces would cover a surface 8 by 7 inches. To make a column four inches

high, 48 would be needed. That is to say, thirtyfive times fortyineight twentydollar gold pieces—1,680 all—would make up

the dimensions of the plates, 8 by 7 by 4 inches. But each of

these weighs, as I am informed, 2iy2 pennyweights. That would

make a total, if my figures are correct, of 123 pounds avoirdupois.

But from this weight liberal deductions must be made. The

cThe American edition, published at Nauvoo, 1842, has 566 pages, 5% by 3 % inches, including the margins.

THE BOOK OF MORMON PLATES 545

plates did not fit as closely together as gold coins stacked up in columns. They were, in all probability, hammered and not

cast, and there would be quite a space between each. Further,

they were not solid gold but an alloy. Nephi's plates were made

of "ore", and Moroni mentions "ore"as the material of which his plates were made. (I Nephi 19:1; Mormon 8:5.) The ore

certainly was considerably lighter in weight than the refined gold would have been. Then again, some allowance must be

made for the metal cut away from every plate by the engraver.

Everything considered, the entire volume could not have weighed a hundred pounds even if we accept the dimensions given as the actual measurements. But they were not. They were only approximations.

The question may also be approached from a different anple. If the entire text was written on 48 plates, then the

hook contained only 144 leaves, since twothirds were sealed up.

But if 200 leaves weighed 123 pounds. 144 leaves weighed a

fraction over 88 pounds. When the necessary deductions are

made from their weight, something like anywhere from SO to 75 pounds remain, and that. I believe, comes nearer the truth than

any estimate made by unfriendly critics.

The plates were not heavier than lhat the Prophet, who was an unusually strone man, physicallv. as well as intellectually,

could lift them and handle them.''This is the testimony of eye

witnesses. And that testimony stands.

But. is it certain that the Prophet Joseph had charge of the

part of the plates that was sealed up? That may be the general

7 says:impression, but is it correct? Orson Pratt*

"You recollect that when the Book of Mormon was translated from the plates, about twothirds were sealed up. and Joseph was commanded not to

break the seal; that part of the record teas hid up."

If the words which I have italicized mean that the sealed part of the volume was hidden before the translation of the other part was even begun, then the Prophet did not have the sealed part in his keeping, and the objection based on the weight of the volume rests on nothing.

dSee History of the Prophet Joseph, by his mother, Lucy Smith, pp. 85

and 105. The account related must have been given by the Prophet himself to his mother.

eJournal of Discourses, Vol. 3, p. 347.

Egyptology and the Book of Mormon

By R. C. W.

Ill If the foregoing facts and explanations can serve in any seme to illustrate the conditions of making written records in the days in which, according to its own representations, the

Book of Mormon was compiled, we may proceed to a brief analysis of the only document extant that can supply anything approaching direct evidence on its claims. Although the "transcript"shown to Professor Anthon seems to have disappeared,

another with the same ascribed character has been preserved in Joseph Smiths'family. It is the document labeled "Caractors,"in script closely resembling the Prophet's chirography,

and showing seven lines of unfamiliar figures.. According to

traditional understanding, this is another "transcript"from the "plates"of Mormon. While it would seem a quite unpromising task to attempt guesses upon the origin or derivation of

this writing, careful examination confirms the opinion that a thoroughly informed mind must render upon it the verdict that "some one has been trying to copy an inscription in a character closely suggesting Egyptian hieratic."Several characteristics are evident in it:

(1) It is evidently the work of a penman unskilled in copying unfamiliar and foreign writing—hence it shows marked irregularity in the

formation of several closely similar figures, probably intended to be identical. (2) It closely suggests a studied transcript from some previously formed original, or originals, in the fact that the separate figures seem to have been shaped deliberately, and in accord with some predetermined plan just as if the writer were actually copying lines from some document before him—rather than to have been written haphazard, as would have been the

case, if each figure had been concocted offhand.

(3) It closely suggests the copying of a continuouslyreading document, rather than the transcription of a series of selected separate figures, in the fact that, while the first four lines are written large, and with some suggestion of care in forming the figures, the last three lines are in reduced size, and show considerably smaller care for details.

(4) While, as we might judge from the relative size and apparently careful formation of the first two figures at the left of the first line, as compared with those following, the writing of this "transcript"seems to have been done from left to right, according to modern custom, it could be held to represent, or to be intended to suggest, a script written from the right, as were) most Semitic languages and Egyptian. This conclusion

seems to be warranted by the presence of the three square black figures—

r a 55 H?? fc

a -<- T J S H:>!a "a

S'-q a"

3 8* a Ml-—iv>

. s *> S 9 Co S 53 a< o-* Mo S

$ Q a- 9 1 2 v &

R?

548 IMPROVEMENT ERA the third at the left end of the last line—which might seem to be stops or

periods. (5) While the first four lines of this document are written comparatively large, \s if to exhibit the forms of the essential characters used in the writing,, the last three are smaller by at least a half, which fact might be held to indicate that the writer had concluded to represent the writing in small size, as it must have appeared on the Plates of Mormon.

It would be entirely reasonable to hold that the writer's mind was divided between two ideas: (a) to reproduce the forms of the separate characters, as in the first four lines, and (b) to represent the general appearance of the lines as they appeared in) the original document. While, in

view of the writer's evident lack of skill as a penman, it would be impossible to insist that his copying was entirely accurate in matters of size, detail, etc., of the separate characters, it is interesting to note that each of

the first four lines contains approximately half as many characters, on the average, as the last three lines. Thus, there are 26 characters in the

first line, 24 in the second (total 50;); 26 in the 3rd and 21 in the 4th

(total 47); 37 in the 5th, 40 in the 6th, and 49 in the 7th; giving an average of 44.6.

The close resemblance of many of the figures found in this "transcript"to characters familiar in Egyptian hieratic writing invites careful analysis, not because such, or similar, figures might not have been produced by an entirely ignorant person in attempting to justify his claim to possession of a secret writing in a strange language, but precisely because, according to claims, this writing professes to reproduce the characters of an "Egyptian"original. If the writer had stated that this

"transcript"represents either Hebrew or Greek writing, an intelligent critic would be in conscience bound to say that it represents neither the one nor the other—nor could represent

either of them. But when he has given us to understand that

it represents Egyptian writing, no informed and conscientious mind can fail to recognize that he has given us many figures closely suggestive of characters used by writers of that very language. Where did an unschooled American writer of

nearly 100 years ago find such characters to copy, unless he had before him the very kind of original which he claims to have possessed? To invoke "coincidence"would be merely iuv

intelligent, since the numerous "good guesses"of Joseph Smith will presently present a situation nearly as interesting—in some

full demonstration of the remarkablescientific particulars—as a

claims and explanations which he himself has given.

Thus, as seen in the writing of PtahHetep, as given above, there are numerous figures closely suggesting script capital "L,"capital "S"reversed, or the numeral "2."Counting the

signs in our "transcript"from the left, we shall find suggestions of such forms in line I, no. 22; line II, nos. 7, 14, 20,

23; line III, 12 and 18; line IV, 13, 14, 17; line V, 12, 17, 33;

line VII, 2, 17, 28, 40. Because of the evident inexactitude of

EGYPTOLOGY AND THE ROOK OF MORMON 549

* *Z *Ljl Z 1} \\3tt\%\

"y4Z sorAs o/ crooked character disposed in columns."Copy made from

a fragmentary sheet of personal letters in Hieratic writing, composed by one

Hekanakht, an Egyptian priest, about 2004 B. C. The originals, which are

in the Metropolitan Museum, New York City, show several characters closely like those to be found in the document labeled "Caractors,"supposed to be a transcript from the plates of the Book of Mormon. The resemblances

closely suggest that this document is actually a copy of some writing very like Egyptian Hieratic.

the copying, an attempt to identify any of these figures might involve difficulties, although all are characteristically suggestive of hieratic writing. The first figure (at the left) in the

first line of the "transcript,"while possibly exaggerated on any familiar hieratic character, might be held to represent an attempt to reproduce the hieratic sign for the doubled reed leaves as shown third from the right in the first line of PtahHetep's writing. It seems to be repeated here in line II, 8, 17; line IV,

10; line VII, 33, 38. The second figure in the first line of our

"transcript"invites attention, because of its close suggestion of a form of script capital "H,"as occasionally written. That

550 IMPROVEMENT ERA

issafis&rmc<$&&$?* "Za&>

Extract of a page from the Ebers Papyrus, an ancient Egyptian treatise on medical subjects, in Hieratic writing. Included for sake of comparison of

its characters.

such should be its real explanation is fairly outside the range of probability—a man capable of so closely imitating hieratic

writing must certainly be supposed to have had sufficient imagination to avoid so obvious a blunder as to intrude script capital letters in his "transcript,"otherwise so convincing. As

A B c The Crouching Lioness and the "Capital H."Showing the possibly

traceable form of the problematic character given in the "Caractors"document. A shows the hieroglyphic form; B, the hieratic,- and C, a copy of

the character shown in the transcript. The form shown at B could, imaginably, be miscopied into the form shown at C.

a matter of fact, this figure may be held to be an example of the force of association between a familiar sign and one resembling it in an unfamiliar writing. Precisely this description would lead us to suggest that it might be an attempt to

reproduce, in all essential strokes the figure of the crouching in traditional symbol for the letter "L"—as foundlioness—the

numerous hieratic manuscripts. The resemblance, instead of

proving the transcript fraudulent in any sense, is highly significant in further supporting the theory that it is precisely

EGYPTOLOGY AND THE BOOK OF MORMON 551

what it purports to be. It seems to be repeated at line II, 9, 21;

IV, 19; V, 16, 28; VI, 4; VII, 38.

Probably the most suggestive fact about this professed "transcript"is that it includes compounded figures, closely like those formed by the familiar Egyptian habit of writing one character above another—"piling"them as we might say—several examples of which may be seen in PtahHetep's lines. Such

"piled"figures, closely suggesting some of his, or reminding the reader of the Egyptian practice in general, may be seen in the "transcript,"as follows: Line I, 3, 8, 20, 24; II, 1; III,

6, 23; V, 29; VI, 5; VII, 9, 25, 30, 37. So this "transcript"—

ignorantly concocted as some ignorantly argue—shows, not only

numerous figures very closely like those familiar in Egyptian hieratic writing, but also represents in several cases a manner of writing used in all kinds of Egyptian styles, and nowhere else!

Without pausing to analyze the numerous indefinite strokes in our "transcript,"or attempting to guess at the possible significances of the several figures not evidently akin to known, or common, hieratic symbols (e. g., line I, 5; II, 2, 11, 16; III,

2, 16; IV, 5, 6, 12, etc.), it is safe to state that the following are

certainly close imitations of probable hieratic originals: line

I, 10, 11, 12, 13, 20, 22, 23, 24; line II, 7, 10, 12,

13, 14, 19, 20, 21, 23; III, 3, 6, 8, 10, 12, 14, 18, 20; IV, 4, 7,

II, 13, 14, 15, 17, etc. Counting these with the characters previously analyzed, we find that, out of a total of ninetyone charcare-acters in the first four lines of the "transcript"—all more

fully copied than those in the succeeding three lines—we have

a total of fortytwo that so strongly suggest characters usual to hieratic writing that they are worthy of mention. When we consider again that the writer of this "transcript"claimed that it

was in this very kind of character, and that its general appearance strongly suggests that it was actually copied from some original, rather than invented offhand, as slovenly theorists would have us suppose, it seems perfectly reasonable to ask, "What was this original? And how did the writer obtain it?"

How far a careful study of this document could take us toward justifying the traditional claim that it is an actual inscription in Egyptian characters, this superficial study can not, of course, inform us. We are entitled, however, to the full measure of

satisfaction that may be derived from the assurance that its professed representation of Egyptian writing may be partially justified by even a casual examination.

As may be understood, most of the facts and inferences hitherto adduced may be said to constitute argument more or less subsidiary in character—creating favorable impressions,

without directly demonstrating conclusions. Since, however,

552 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Joseph Smith claimed acquaintance with Egyptian writing and language, it might seem highly reasonable to inquire whether he has left any evidence which informed minds might construe as partial justifications. To avoid lengthy discussion of this

point, it may be in place to select two conspicuous facts, which conclusively demonstrate that he had derived Egyptological knowledge from a rehable source. The first is to be found in

the name of the city Nauvoo, which was selected, as we are told, because it connoted the idea "beautiful."It was, in fact, the

"City Beautiful". This meaning, he said, belonged to the word

in the language, or dialect, which he called "reformed Egyptian".

Now, in Egyptian the word for "beauty"is usually rendered nefer, and is regularly indicated by the figure of a lute an object which some authorities have held to represent the sound of nof, or rwfer. Nor is there certainty in this case, as also in many

others, apart from the analogies of the later Coptic language.

In fact, the values of the vowels in most Egyptian words constitute the greatest uncertainties in Egyptological study. In any

event, the familiar method of deriving the idea "beautiful"from the symbol for "beauty"was to pluralize it after the noun to be qualified. Thus, on the Rosetta Stone, we find several

times repeated the title of Ptolemy Epiphanes, neter per neb neferu, literally "god Pharaoh, Lordof beauties"by which we are to understand "beautiful Lord,"or "good Lord."The expression for "beautiful city"would be nut neferu, "cityof beauties."The conspicuous difference between the name Nauvoo and

the Egyptian plural form nfrw is the absence of the letter "r", which could readily be supposed to indicate just such a dialectic change as might be found in a language described as "reformed,"or modified. Its close approximation to the esssential Egyptian sound, also to the plural form with final "u", can not but

be suggestive.* Is this another "good guess"?

The second fact may be called even more suggestive, and bears directly upon the question of ability to read any variety of Egyptian writing. It occurs in the caption to the first of the

*It is interesting to note in passing that the custom of designating cities and countries by names in plural form was familiar in ancient times.

Thus, in Greece, we find Athenai (Athens), Thebai, (Thebes), Mukenai (Mycenae), etc., all plural in form. In the Bible, also, several place names

follow this custom. Thus we have Succoth ("booths"), Bachim ("weepers")

Chittim ("giants"), Anathoth ("answers"), etc The New Testament name

Chorazin suggests a plural form in Chaldee. We find also the dual form

Mitzraim for the name of Egypt, meaning literally "the two Egypts,"upper and lower, south and north, as frequently designated in Egyptian writings.

The Hebrew name Ephraim seems to have a similar meaning; thus "two

lands,"etc., but, although the form of the name suggests the dual number,

the derivation is not entirely certain.

EGYPTOLOGY AND THE BOOK OF MORMON 553

three plates illustrating the Book of Abraham. In the right

hand lower corner of this plate will be seen the figure of an offering table surmounted with flowers and skirted by two other objects of problematical character. It is numbered "10,"'and is

said to indicate "Abraham in Egypt."If we understand that

this is the reproduction of a note, really intending to say, "Abraham in Egyptian,"we have an interesting evidence of something quite other than guesswork. The hieroglyphic value

of the offering table is commonly given as "ab", the figure on the floor at the right, corresponds to nothing more closely than the hieroglyphic symbol for the letter "r", the flower above the table, in its conventional hieroglyphic form, connotes the syllable "ha"(correctly with hard "h", like the German ch in ach).

This gives us five essential letters, Ab-r-ha, drawn from familiar hieroglyphic values. The figure on the floor to the right of the

offering table is not so clear. When, however, we consider that

the wood engraver who originally copied this plate evidently has shown himself neither an Egyptologist nor an artist, we may conclude that this figure has not been copied with entire accuracy. As it stands, it suggests nothing more closely than the

familiar scribal rendering of the figure of an owl, which is the well known hieroglyphic equivalent of the letter "m". Whatever it may have been in the original drawing, it is sufficiently

close to the owl figure to tempt Joseph Smith, or any other observer to assume that the owl was intended, and to give the famiHA M

Analysis of Fig. 10, Plate I of the drawings accompanying the text of

the Book of Abraham, giving their readily recognizable hieroglyphic equivalents, with phonetic values; spelling the name "Abraliamn as indicated in the

traditonal caption. This exliibit enforces the conclusion that the writer of

the caption had some knowledge of Egyptian methods of writing.

liar hieroglyphic value, thus completing the name Ab-r-ha-m.

If, by any chance, he, or we ourselves, mistook the value of this particular element, the fact can not be held to vitiate the identifications of the other three figures, about the values of which

554 IMPROVEMENT ERA

there is no doubt whatever. This is explained in the accompany diagram. We are not concerned, however, with the possible, or even the "probable,"original significance of these figures, but solely with determining how far a man of modern

times has been able to recognize the proper phonetic values of objects commonly used as characters in hieroglyphic writing.

The man who wrote the caption to this plate undoubtedly had some elements of Egyptological knowledge.

We have attempted in the present writing to go no further inferences, exceptthan verifiable facts can take us—avoiding

where facts seem to uphold them. Nevertheless, we have discovered that, in several essential particulars, the allegations of

the Book of Mormon have the support of science. How far

the demonstration of its accuracy in these particulars can go toward erecting a complete conviction of the truth of its claims, each reader must, of course, judge for himself. We can add

merely that as in other matters of definite knowledge, the facts are at hand, also that they are as represented. They were not

fully accessible to anyone in the days of Joseph Smith; nor is

he known to have made any such investigation on his own initiative, as could have enabled him, under even the most favorable circumstances, to discover them for himself. How shall we

account for these Facts? That is a fair question.

Stand Together, Mutual Workers

(Tune: "Let the Lower Lights be burning.'''Songs of Zion, page 264.)

Stand together, Mutual workers,

Faithfully stand side by side,

With the Slogan as our motto, And our constant, daily guide.

Chorus Stand together, Mutual workers.

Let the Slogan joint the way.

"Pure life; through clean thought and action"

Be our watchword, M. I. A.

Happy we, when serving others.

"He who serves best, profits most,""Service above self,"my brothers,

Ever guide our Mutual host.

Bravely stand and meet the issue,

Never falter, never fail.

Honor leaders, honor Priesthood,

Keep the faith—truth will prevail.

Mutual workers, God is with you,

He will comfort, he will bless.

Mutual work brings mutual blessings,

Mutual help and happiness.

Lethbridge, Canada D. H. Elton

barts andfjollyhocks

c/7 Story) ofLove, Struggle and Society} I{uthMc?nchBel!

Chapter VIII By tacit agreement, neither Edna nor John made any attempt to talk over their misfortune. It was always before them,

immeasurable, insurmountable, incalculable. Their very silence

on the subject drew them closer together.

Once, however, when their affairs seemed more promising, she begged him to tell her where he had been all those months before he had let her know. He told her of the stealthy ride

on the freight to the coast. Shielded by a kind brakeman, who

recognized him and helped him with a disguise, he reached the coast and shipped out with horses to Panama. From thence he

had worked his way to New York.

"If the boat had gone down,"Edna moaned, clinging closer to him. "If I had lost you and not been able to tell you that

I love you more than all else in the world!"

Spring came at last. Spring in New York! Times were

better for them. One Sabbath they even afforded a car ride

out into the country where the dogwood blossoms and little wood violets grew. Why was it harder to forget out there? Why

did the innocent fragrance of the spring blossoms stab poignantly at all that was finest in them? Never before had Edna

cried when John was near. But the flowers and the sunshine

hurt so the tears would "come. And then they were so wonderfully alone out there with only the friendly trees, the beneficent clouds and the young grass and flowers near them.

"It was all my fault, John,"she cried, "my pride, my desire to live near Judith and have as nice things as she had! Think

of straining for possessions like those when things like these might have been ours for nothing! If we had got some pleasure

out of the other! It was nothing but feverish strife, heartaches and bitterness—and—this!"

"Don't,"John begged, "you can't take it all on you. Do

you suppose my pride had nothing to do with it? Don't you

suppose it was hard on me to see you outclassed and myself regarded as a failure, because I could not provide you with clothes and cars like the others had? The others, the best, as

they think themselves, those we strained to ape, I wonder if they ever think of us with anything but scorn and contempt!"

"We mustn't become bitter, dear."

556 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"I know. And I have only myself to blame. I meant to

pay it all back after the first time. But you needed things and

I did want to show them that I, too, could make money if I had a chance. And then since I had done it once, it looked easy to

do it again and make a stake, and then pay it all back without anyone being wiser. I was gullible! I can see it now. It was

all a hoax, the first success, just to lead me on to a bigger plunge. The mistake was in yielding the first time. I meant to

put you up where you were meant to be, and I have dragged you down to this!"

"Hush, dearest, you see it doesn't do to talk it over. It

would drive us mad."

Two little girls ran by them, their arms full of blossoms.

Edna's sobs broke out afresh. "If they could only have been

ours!"John pressed her hand in silent sympathy. The sun was

getting low so they left the woods and made their way to a street car to return to the ugliness and squalor of their tenement.

On their way to their lodgings they came upon a little girl, thin,; ragged and dirty, crying her heart out in a doorway. Edna

stopped to comfort her and learned the sad reason of her tears.

"The boys and girls tease me,"she cried, "because my papa's a jailbird. But he never meant to steal. Mama was

sick and we were so hungry. And he could get no work."

"It is always the same,"John groaned, "always a reason, never one sufficient. But I'm glad now, I'm reconciled that we

have no children. It is better that we alone suffer."

There came a tap at the door. Both started up in terror.

Had the law found them at last? Edna answered the knock

while John stepped into the small closet. It was another warning from a friend. A detective had been seen in the neighborhood.

Scarcely daring to seek employment again, John took their small savings and got him a push.cart and supplies. But Edna

became too ill to work. The strain and lack of nourishing food

was beginning to tell terribly on her. Scarcely a night now

that she did not wake finding herself sitting up in bed moaning that they had taken him. Almost every time she dosed

off she would find herself smothering a cry of terror that he had been found. She was beginning to have but one dream: he

was gone and she would grope in agony till she found him.

The sound of a telephone set her nerves jangling. A knock

at the door nearly drove her into hysterics. Every policeman

she saw struck terror to her heart. Every corner she turned

might be the one that led to John's cell in jail, because she

HEARTS AND HOLLYHOCKS 557

might come face to face with a detective who would recognize her and follow her to John.

She finally became so ill that her condition was alarming.

They could not afford a doctor. The landlady told them of a

free medical clinic for the poor. Edna winced at the term. She

had not thought of herself as classed with ihe poor, poor as their condition was. She went to the clinic only to be told

that she must have better food, raw and cooked vegetables and fruits, milk, eggs, cereals, well cooked. How could they cook

them at all? She must quit worry and walk daily in the fresh

air, joyously, carefree, she must walk.

Edna tried not to laugh at the irony of the prescription. But

she knew she must try to carry it out. She must not fail John

now. She must pray instead of worry. She would eat raw

carrots: they were cheap. She even learned to laugh when John

called them "Mormon"bananas. He told her of a certain professor and "Mormon"apostle, of former days, who saw Ttaly together subsisting on raw carrot and cabbage and dry Italian

bread. John now made her eat the eggs and milk; she had

made him eat them before; and he never once told her that

the supplies of the pushcart were running low and he was spending all he got to bring back her health. She took her

walks, looking resolutely for patches of blue sky between the tall buildings instead of patches or batches of bluecoated policemen. She listened for birds instead of footsteps of detectives. And gradually her health returned and she was able

to laugh once in a while.

Then John told her that he had sold the pushcart and would have to seek employment again. Edna received the news

quietly and, as she was so much improved in health, insisted that she try to find work. Both set out again to seek employment, well knowing that any advertisement they answered might

be a decoy to catch him. Fortunately their crisis came late in

the spring when work was more plentiful so both were again drawing wages.

WTien work was over, it was hard to stay in their ugly room while spring's advancing beauty called them out of doors.

But parks and river fronts were dangerous places, to be visited with more safety after dark.

How they longed to go to church; but they must bring no

stigma on their people. As their church affiliations were well

known, the church services might be a likely place for them to be apprehended. Many a time as the warmer weather made

open windows desirable, they lingered on the outside, across the street, listening to the singing. "We are like moths,"Edna

thought, "singeing our wings against the light of God's love."

How good the old, familiar songs sounded and how comforting:

558 IMPROVEMENT ERA "Oh, my Father,""God moves in a mysterious way his wonders to perform."But also, how the songs with their associations of

happy, carefree days, hurt.

So well did Edna please, in her new employment in the department store, that she was raised from the salary of eight dollars a week, which at first looked so big to them, to the princely sum of twelve dollars a week and promised also the position of district manager. The world began to look much

brighter. How big twelve dollars a week looked to them. What

vast wealth it represented to them: eggs, fruit, milk, vegetables became frequent possibilities. A nicer room, a few

clothes also might be theirs, if John, too, could find better employment.

Chance newspapers left on park benches kept them posted on the employment openings. In one of these papers John

found an advertisement that sounded particularly promising.

Full of hope, John went to answer the call, telling Edna that he would phone her if he succeeded in getting something.

As soon as he left, the old fear assailed Edna's heart. Was

it a lure to trap him? Two hours later the phone in her department rang. The message was for her. Hoping and fearing

she took up the receiver. A voice so strange she could not recognize it called her by name.

Her reply must have indicated her bewilderment for the voice cried: "Don't you know me, dear?"

"No,"she answered, and indeed she did not.

"This is John,"the voice said. "They have found me at

last. The advertisement was merely a decoy on purpose to find

me. They have just wired Herron to come on and get me."

Edna hung up the receiver. Her feet seemed leaden as she

tried to move them to her manager to get her time. He urged

her to stay, telling her that the district managership was in sight. But she told him they were forced to leave New York

for the west.

The officer and detective were waiting for her when she arrived at her room; and John was in handcuffs. Surely that

bit of degradation was not necessary. The detective smiled triumphantly. Great work that, to have caught a hounded rat

in a trap. His smile faded a trifle when he caught sight of

Edna's face and the quiver of her lip as she attempted to kiss

John.

She packed their few belongings. A suit case would have

held everything. All the while both thought of one thing:

Jack Herron was to come for them, Jack Herron, Sheriff Herron, John's school mate and hers. He and John had played

marbles together. Jack Herron and she had danced together.

How every one in their home town would talk! The ordeal

HEARTS AND HOLLYHOCKS 559 was harder even than they had dreamed it would be. How she

longed to talk to John alone, just for a minute. What could

she say to him with another always near? And now there would

always be another near. This was the law, a law made to protect humlanity from such as they. Such as they, poor, pitiful

blunderers! Edna managed a smile for John and pressed his

arm comfortingly as they walked on in silence, with the pitying glances of the underworld following them.

(To be continued)

An Answer to What? Prayer—or

By Hugh ]. Cannon, President of the Liberty Stake of Zion

Some years ago I happened to be in the office of the First

Presidency when Henry M. Stanley, the noted African explorer,

called on Presidents Wilford Woodruff, George Q. Cannon

and Joseph F. Smith. In the course of the conversation which

ensued the visitor expressed, and very feelingly, his great admiration for a community which could successfully accomplish such a marvelous task as that imposed upon the Latterday

Saints. He knew, because of his own experiences in undeveloped

countries, the difficulties which had been overcome. In his

opinion, it requires the highest degree of courage for a well equipped, sturdy band of men inured to hardships to venture as far from the boundaries of civilization as did our pioneers when they came from the east, even if the motive in coming is but to explore the country.

"But,"continued he, "instead of that you were almost entirely stripped of your possessions and in consequence had very poor equipment. You brought your wives and children, your

infirm and aged. No retreat was possible. A desolate and

forbidding country was to be your home, and here you had to survive or perish. Human wisdom would have decreed that

you must fail, but you did not. Now in looking over your

achievements, your beautiful valleys, fruitful fields, prosperous cities and comfortable homes, I am filled with astonishment."

One of the brethren suggested that this could never have been accomplished except for the power of the Almighty which was constantly manifest.

**I can well accept that statement as the truth,"responded

Mr. Stanley, "Because I, too, am a devout believer in the aid

which comes through prayer."

560 IMPROVEMENT ERA He related a numjber of his personal experiences, bearing upon this point, one of which became fixed in my memory. In

substance itwas this:

On one of his exploring trips to Africa, he and two companions left the main company and went on a rather extended tour into the interior. Their supply of food was limited as they

expected to find game and fish with which to supplement their larder. However, in this they were wholly disappointed. Day

after day passed without any sign of relief. They pushed forward vigorously, thinking always that tomorrow would bring

about a change in this particular. At last their stock of provisions was exhausted and starvation confronted them.

"We had gone supperless to bed,"said Mr. Stanley, "and

arose gloomy and despondent. I suggested that the two men go

up the stream on whose banks we had camped and that I would go in the opposite direction. After their departure I went into

our little tent, knelt down and entreated my Heavenly Father to extricate us from our perilous position. I submitted our case

to Him with an earnestness that only a man similarly situated can command. Arising from my knees I picked up a stick which

I had used as a cane and stepped out into the open. At that

very moment a large wild duck flew past the door of the tent so near me that I struck it with the stick.

"When the men returned to camp, discouraged because of their fruitless quest, they found a meal prepared which they pronounced the best they had ever tasted.

"During its progress, I told my companions about the petition and its miraculous answer. One of them scoffed at the

story and thought me very childish.

"Your prayer had nothing whatever to do with that duck flying past,"said he. 'It would have come along just the same

if you had not prayed.'

"'But I would not have been there to get it,'was my reply, 'If I had not gone into the tent and asked for divine assistance,

I should have been tramping around as fruitlessly as you were.

Furthermore, when a despairing man pleads with the Lord for something and receives what he asks for, is he not an ingrate if he assumes the attitude that it would have come to him in what he terms a natural way even had he not prayed? I asked for

something and got it, could I expect more? Gratitude compels

me to acknowledge the gift as an answer to my request."

PRAYER

"If thou wilt bow down before God, * * * and call on his name in faith * * * then shalt thou receive the 22:16.hope which thou desirest."—Alma

t

Loyal Scouts

With Srit Wards and Music bi Ida H While j* j; i j. jij *Tfr 4 *;. | J

to do and plenty forev is work Then foo will a lend help irig scout hand tv-'ry to an-y: ry oneCoyilin ItSAneed With(Cirthegood"yJliilecheer WithIII goodthe

* i f f i,f I I

J J 1 J 1- I * I;. r * j. ) SSE j * J 1 y r j

ly ral to col rout all true the Our troubles With and a ors while We will cheer wWe will al -ways dodo whatwhat e'ereer wewe carcan. We like a kmdly deed Nev er

i=ae= T t \ r; j? j j|;* i=fc

.''.J a—i5

roll srnlle go At a With sm.le. our sleeves and We tojjwork

to We're fear our m- er do Nev tear Dart and glad always 3ES r H-H-p-nt

anin -- vy thinathing onon handhand WeWe countcount thethe f!fel -lowslows outout whowho shirkshirk They'reThey're "never'nev er inii demand.derna'r

un-t it plea sure too We do our best with honest heartheart We'reWe're.lay.Jay alal bravebrave andand true

9—f- r f- f Chorus, timpo; l j '"J- J* j; -ri j: j> jijI

J: jglp *TT*"] r

I do our To the red, the whiteand blue Ev -ry day we'i Well be frueandloyal loo cMy with a will Some ij 3fe i immk f I L f N#h EFSEF

j|Jj> f -, j '\ - 'J* * - g i * *\. - if—H zf f

fnink day.fievtr **njyfyact we pay, a-boirtlhe hill. For glad to help a do each neighbor were upthe |f

3S5= I If f;If f—h f f T

F Fff

Freedom "Men are free according to the flesh; and all things are given them

which are expedient unto men. And they are free to choose liberty and

eternal life, through the great mediation of all men, or to choose captivity and death, according to the captivity and power of the devil.*'—2 Nephi 2:27.

Helps in TeacherTraining Written for the General Church Board of Education by L. John Nuttall,

Brigham Young University

Habit and Habit Formation (To accompany Lesson 5, How We Learn, TeacherTraining Text, 1923)

Why does a mother feel ashamed when the little boy of the home grabs at the food and heaps his plate? She evidently feels that somewhere

she1 has not done her duty, that the boy's conduct in some way reflects on her to her social disadvantage. The duty she thus unconsciosly feels

is that she should constantly work to direct the instinctive actions of her child into proper habits. The situation is a table full of food set with

dishes. Instinct impels him to get plenty. Social propriety says he should

control this food getting behavior along so called goodmannered ways.

Good manners are habits either formed or forming. As teachers we all

face the same duty as this mother. The situation is a beautiful Sunday.

What shall the child do? Can we help him form the habit of church attendance? The child is at church. How can it be assured that he will be

reverent? It is necessary for health that one washes oneself before eating.

How can this habit be developed in children?

As the outline suggests, habits are good and bad as judged by other people or social standards. To say "it is me,"is bad, to say "It is I"

is good. When a boy hits his finger with a hammer it is good to say

"ouch/'it is bad to say "damn."When we consider how habits begin we

are face to face with a condition that is interesting. The habits that are

formed are the actions that brought satisfactory results in their beginnings.

Babies form the habit of crying for everything because they get things that way. Children longing for attention repeat the action that gets that attention. The boy who said "damn"and was rewarded by having his exploit repeated to father by mother and then laughed at is surely happy,

so he repeats it. The boy who refrains from Sunday swimming trips to

go to Sunday school is laughed at and jeered by other boys and then is bored by a poorly taught lesson at the hands of an irritable teacher and is not praised or noticed. These are illustrations of the famous Law of

Effect in habit formation. Reward pleasantly the action you want repeated,

punish unpleasantly the action you do not want repeated.

If, therefore, you would help pupils form the habits that are desired you should first know what these desired habits are. Many of us don't.

A habit is a specific automatic response to a given situation. To function, therefore, an action must be performed under natural conditions. A

boy hears a word and spells it. He has formed a habit. He later needs

to write that word but misspells it. Why? The habit formed is:

HELPS IN TEACHERTRAINING 563

is: "Hear the word—spell it."The habit needed

"Think the word—write it."This habit has never been formed. A

boy grows up safely guarded by his father and by asking the parent spends his money wisely and saves. He later goes out to work alone and becomes a spendthrift. Why? The habit formed is:

"Ask advice—spend well and save."The habit needed is:

"Decide what to do—spend well and save."These illustrations serve

to make clear a second part of this psychological law which states "Put together the things you want to go together."More specifically, habit i-

response to a situation. We should see to it that the natural situation

brings out the desired response. Habits that will work cannot be formed

by associating a good response to some stimulus other than the one to be met in life.

Practically then we may restate the whole principle thus: Put the

things together you want together, reward the right response, make wrong actions unpleasant.

How can teachers connect with real situations? This is a difficult

question, but can be answered largely by saying: Teach from real

life problems and true biography so that the situations are as natural as possible. Most habits begin, however, before formal teaching begins.

Let us take through our first illustrations. The table is set for a special

dinner. What shall the boy do the first time he meets the situation? There

are six ways in which the first response will be determined.

1. Instinct may control as suggested above.

2. The hunger may not be strong so that no definite instinctive response is ready, so the boy just moves at random and docs something,

or makes varied movements.

3. Some special mind set on attitude may determine the action. The

mother may ponder how the guest will like the salad. The boy watches

to find out and therefore sits rather quiet. The mother may ask the boy

to be the Inst at the table. This set or attitude may prevail.

4. The boy may respond to only a part of the situation. The novelty

may cause him to act more curious than hungry. The guest may be older

and the submissive tendency may respond to this factor and the boy be nonaggressive.

5. Perhaps the boy lins ealeu at school and has taken turns. He

notes the similarity) of the guest situation and responds accordingly by insisting on his turn.

6. He may guide his action by imitation.

Whatever the determining factor, he will act and will be acting under natural conditions. If he appears greedy, rude, hasty, noisy, a suggestion

or reproof should be given in order to show the displeasure of the rewarding agent and if the) misconduct is very serious some denial of pleasure should follow. The boy should not, however, be denied appearance

at the table next time. Should the boy act quietly, remain patient and on

564 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the whole do well, it should not be forgotten for this then is real habit formation. The other is habit prevention. Praise the boy, indirectly at the

table, later by compliment and privilege and then give him opportunity to meet the situation again. Whether it be this illustration or others the

teacher's place is to suggest right first responses. This can be done by

bulding the mind set or attitudes. A story, an example well rewarded, will

do this. She may analyze the situation and call attention to parts that will

call up proper action, or she may furnish an example for imitation. Don't

merely have the pupil begin with a strong initiatve but have him begin right with enthusiasm.

The beginning of a habit in this way is a conscious, deliberate process.

Many habits begin unconsciously in random activity. Such actions as become habits are selected because they worked well and brought satisfactory

results. When an act is thus made in a given situation and works, how

does it become automatic, definite and sure as a habit? The answer is the

second big law contributed by recent psychology: Repeat the response

frequently enough and for a long enough period to make the connection in the nervous system between the appearance of the situation to the senses and the proper action by the muscles a permanent pathway. This

is the law of frequency or repetition. Just mere repeating will not do, however. The one forming habit must repeat with interest and with the

purpose of learning. If a boy is kept after school for some disciplinary

reasons and is asked to write a word many times or work one hundred problems his purpose is not to learn but to get out of school. His work

will probably be worse at the end than at the beginning. The learner

whose purpose it is to improve keeps a record in some form of his progress in the forming of the habit and thus keeps interested and improves with practice.

What can the teacher do in habit formation? She can provide the

situation or help realize it. She can guide the first response to accuracy.

She can endeavor by her enthusiasm to make this beginning striking. She

can control the rewards for good action. She can insist on practice for

improvement.

Most of the teachers, however, are thinking of another problem. A

child has lived, played and worked, and has formed habits that have served his individual needs very welL The teacher knows the social situations and knows that the child with these habits will have difficulty. She teaches

the new principle of right conduct and the child finds himself torn between intellect and habit. Habit generally will prevail unless it is counteracted by other habit. The new principle is not enough. A child spends

every cent he gets for candy. This is a bad habit but is very satisfying.

To teach thrift, is not enough. To deny money is not enough. A little

bank, a box, a purse, something to do with the money is needed. Money

should be given and used properly. Then each time the suggestion or

proper use should be made. Breaks should be prevented. A new controlled channel for sufficient candy should be provided. In fact habit

HELPS IN TEACHERTRAINING 565

breaking is a double* process of habit formation and instrcution and is therefore difficult. All of the things a teacher can do will not form the

habit in the other. The coopertaion of the pupil must be had. The

learner must form the habit. Economy in life's activity demands an habitual response to every situation which stays relatively the same through

life. Habit is thus a big part of life. All of the instincts are modified

by the above process into habits, and this process is part of learning.

The Stream of Consciousness (To accompany Lesson 6 How We Learn, TeacherTraining Text Book, 1923)

If we stop sometime in our busy life and try to see what has been taking place in our minds for a 6hort period of time we shall study a wonderful process. In a little while one attacks a problem in business,

solves it, calls a helper and gives instructions but in so doing he notices the new dress of the office girl, then he recalls his daughter at home, wonders if the whole family are well, then is suddenly forced to look out of the window because of some unusual noise. After investigating he again

comes back to his desk, notices the newspaper for the first time though it has been there all the time, reads, forms a judgment on some phase of the day's public affairs, reads about a fire, recalls an expired insurance policy, goes back to his desk for this and begins his work again. To follow step by step would mean to study the processes of thinking, expression,

perception, memory, imagination, instinct of responding to unusual noise, judgment thinking. Alle of these mental processes go on, yet the man

is not aware of himself very much, if at all, and certainly feels no breaks in the mental life as each act is performed. He is not concerned with the

process but all is part of himself and he thinks of it all as meanings of the world about him.

In addition to the things of which the man is thus aware there are many other things happening to him. His clothing is touching his body;

a radiator may be making a slight noise; there may be noises from other

parts of the building. Of these he is not aware or conscious. He may be

made to notice them by their becoming more intense or by someone suggesting them. So at any one time we are conscious or aware of some

of the things happening about us because of activity within us. We are

not aware of other things as happening, but consciousness may shift to these. These moves are not by breaks or shifts, but by association or

instinct from one thing to another they make up the whole of mental life.

This fact of the unity of consciousness and the continuous relations existing between the various phases of mental life is illustrated in all of the lessons of the year. Every day life will convince us all that each of us is

an organized unit functioning all together for the accomplishment of our purposes. Thus mental life and consciousness are always going on.

Not only is mental life or consciousness going on all the time but it is constantly changing. Because we are blessed with the ability to re566 IMPROVEMENT ERA

tain the effect of experience when we repeat a conscious act, it is not the same but is accompanied by recognition as known before. James says,

"What I wish, to lay stress on is this, that no state once gone can recur and be identical with what it was before. Now we are seeing, now

hearing, now reasoning, now willing, now recollecting, now expecting, now loving, now hating; and in a hundred other ways we know our

minds to be alternately engaged. But all these are commplex states, it may

be said, produced by combinations of simpler ones.—Do not the simpler

ones follow a different law? Are not the sensations which we get from

the same object, for example, always the same? Does not the same pianokey, struck with the same force, make us hear in the same way? Does not

the same grass give us the same feeling of green, the same sky the same feeling of blue, and do we not get the same olfactory sensation no matter how many times we put our nose to the same flask of cologne? It seems

a piece of metaphysical sophistry to suggest that we do not; and yet a close

attention to the matter shows that there is no proof that an incoming, current ever gives us just the same bodily sensation twice."

Not only this fact but another should be more fully stated. At any

one time the objects or acts of which we are conscious are not known with the same degree of clearness. Of sensation, Woodworth says, "Of two

stimuli acting at once upon us, we are the more conscious of that one which catches our attention; of two acts that we perform simultaneously,

that one is more conscious that is performed attentively.

"We need not be entirely unconscious of the act or the stimulus to which we are not attending. We may be dimly conscious of it. There

are degrees of consciousness. Suppose, for example, you are looking out

of the window while 'lost in thought.'You are most conscious of the

matter of your thoughts, but conscious to a degree of what you see out of the window. Your eyesi are focused on some particular object outside, and you are more conscious of this than of other objects seen in

indirect vision, though even of these last you are not altogether unconscious.

Consciousness shades off from high light to dim background."

In thought we always have a focal element and connected with it is a fringe of related topics. James says, "Consciousness is always interested

more in one part of its object than in another; and welcomes and rejects, or chooses, all the while it thinks."A teacher in a grammar class

wrote the sentence on the board, "The large ball was thrown to the boy."

She then attempted to analyze the sentence to show the function of the adjective large. When asked what word preceded ball a boy answered,

'basket.'The word ball had driven from the focal part of consciousness

all suggestion of grammar and had led the boy to think intensely of game and contest.

As teachers we should understand these general characteristics of mental life. Largely the determining force in selecting what will be in the

focus of consciousness is interest. The focusing is the process or condition of attention,

Courtesy and Unselfishness

It is Paul, in that inimitable chapter on charity, in I Corinthians 13, who practically declares that all gifts, however excellent, are valueless without love. Let us read that chapter once a

day for a few weeks. He compares charity with a great many

wonderful things, and then defines it, giving some of the ingredients that go to make up love or charity, and among these according to Drummond, we find patience, kindness, generosity, humility, courtesy, kindness, unselfishness, good temper, guilelessness and sincerity. In other words, Paul's exact explanation

of love or charity is that it, "suffereth long, and is kind; envieth not; vaunteth not itself, is not puffed up; doth not behave

itself unseemly, seeketh not her own, is not easily provoked, thinketh no evil; rejoiceth not in iniquity, but rejoiceth in the

truth; beareth all things, belie\eth all things, hopeth all things,

endureth all things."And in the third division of the chapter

he explains that it never faileth, it is about the only thing that lasts, and is at least the greatest of the three e\erlasting Christian graces, Faith, Hope and Charity. "And now abideth faith, hope

and charity, these three, but the greatest of these is charity."

All these elements which go to make up love are practical, in that they can be put into daily use and practice by every member of the community. Such are supremely the elements

of courtesy and unselfishness. Much thought might be spent

upon their meaning and practicability; suffice it to say, they

imply love in society, love in relation to our association with our fellows. As Paul puts it, "Love doth not behave itself unseemly, seeketh not her own."It means that courtesy should

be practiced in every action, in all the little things that pertain to our daily association with our fellow men, if we would learn to love them. The one great secret of the ability to be unselfish,

polite, and courteous is to love. If one loves, no matter whether

he be untutored or of the highest of society, he will not behave himself unseemly, for the lover will not do things in an ungentlemanly way. Hence, Paul's definition of the courtesy and

unselfishness of love: "Loe doth not behave itself unseemly,

seeketh not her own."The example of Christ's love stands before us as one of the grandest in history. His life was an il568 IMPROVEMENT ERA

lustration of the principle that there is little happiness in having, but much in giving. This is rather contrary to the ideas

of the generality of the race who think happiness consists in having and getting and being served by others, rather than in giving and in serving others. Christ declared, "Whosoever will

be chief among you, let him be your servant: even as the Son of

man came not to be ministered unto, but to minister, and to give his life a ransom for many."God our eternal Father served

and suffered, owing to his love for the world of mankind, when he gave his Only Begotten Son that men who would believe on him should not perish, but should have everlasting life.

How shall we learn to love? Through putting into practice

the elements of love which Paul so clearly defines. Opportunities confront us every day of our lives. Through taking advantage of these in ceaseless practice we shall learn to love.

There is much turmoil, contention, selfishness, discourtesy in the world at the present day among peoples and nations. As

Latterday Saints we cannot afford to follow in the way of the world, but rather must discipline ourselves in the practice that shall create in us the love of God and man. Jealousy, anger,

pride, selifishness and discourtesy, are characteristics of the loveless soul, and indicate the ill temper which seems now to direct the thoughts of mankind, all of which are contrary to the Spirit of Christ. His deliberate verdict was that it is better not to live

than not to love, when he declared, "Whoso shall offend one of these little ones which believe in me, it were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck and that he were drowned in the depth of the sea."The business of our lives is

to have love fitted into our characters and to take advantage of every opportunity to learn how to love God and our fellow men. Practice makes perfect. Courtesy and unselfishness are

prominent elements of love with which to begin. A.

The Trend of the Race"

This is a book on the study of present tendencies in the biological development of civilized mankind published by Harcourt, Brace & Company, New York, 1921. It is written by Samuel H. Holmes, Ph. D., of the University of California.

Quoting from its pages, (227228) we are told that the magazine, Physical Culture has collected expressions of opinion from its women readers as to the qualities desired in an ideal husband. The first requisite was health, then financial success,

paternity, appearance, disposition, education, character, housekeeping and dress, followed in the order named. A like inquiry

EDITORS'TABLE 569

addressed to its male readers on the qualities desired in an ideal wife resulted in the following tabulation, showing the requirements of an ideal wife according to male readers of Physical

Culture, giving qualities and percent:

Health 23 Disposition 11 Management 7

Looks 14 Maternity 11 Dress 7 Housekeeping....12 Education 10 Character 5

The comment is made that the classification of qualities was somewhat unfortunate, which probably accounts for the small value placed on character, and then we further read: MA statement of the matrimonial requirements of 115 young women of

the Brigham Young College, a 'Mormon'institution of Utah, showed that 86 per cent demanded that the prospective husband must be morally pure; 99 per cent required that he be mentally

and physically strong; 52 per cent that he be of the same religion as themselves; 45 per cent that he must be taller than they;

and 93 per cent that he must not smoke, chew or drink."We

are then told: "The judgments of these young ladies are interesting as indicating how far ideals of manhood may be

moulded by instruction, and afford ground for hope that much may be accomplished in the direction of eugenic improvement by inculcating the proper standards in the minds of the young."

All of which, if it proves anything, proves that the people who will keep themselves clean and free from the contaminating influences of evil; following the advice and counsel of the Lord,

as given by revelation to the Latterday Saints, in the Word of

Wisdom and other instruction on right living, may become the redeeming leaven of the whole social world. Also, we have yet

much to learn. A.

Messages from the Missions

Delightful Experiences of Lady Missionaries

Sister Anna Widtsoe, in a letter to President Charles A. Callis, stating some of her missionary experiences says: "The other day I went

up to a beautiful home and saw a lady sitting on the porch. I had a prayer

in my heart. The lady was very charming and actually interested in *Mormonism.'She bought a little book and before I left, she rang for the

maid who brought me a glass of ginger ale on a silver tray. That was style

all right. This good woman made me feel so much at home and asked

my companion and me to call again, and when we were near her home to come in and rest. Wasn't that fine? Every day makes me more thankful for having the privilege of being a missionary. A few days ago, while

tracting, my companion and I met a Catholic lady, broadminded and liberal in her views. It was a pleasure to be with her. Her husband was

from Boise, Idaho. She asked us to come again the next day; we did, and

oh, for the surprise! They were so lovely to us. We were treated to a

dinner of fried chicken, nice gravy, mashed potatoes, creamed corn, hot 570 IMPROVEMENT ERA

rolls, lettuce, tomato salad, and strawberries with whipped cream and chocolate cakes. Imagine such luxury. Real china and silver ware, good

music and a mighty fine opportunity to preach the gospel. They have invited us bark Wednesday."

Sister Eula Parry writes as follows: "While trading we have been

able to open up four new homes for cottage meetings. Yesterday we had

an excellent cottage meeting at the home of an investigator at which there were thirty people present. We had some interesting conversations. Last

week we held five spirited cottage meetings besides our five regular meetings. Four of them were held at new homes and we were invited to hold

more. A 'lady invited us to have Sunday dinner with her and it was a

delicious repast. The other night at one of the cottage meetings I spoke

on "Repentance"and an investigator seemed much interested in all that

I said. We were invited by his wife to dinner so that we could explain

more of the gospel to them."Lady missionaries, left to right; Eula Parry,

Anna Widtsoe.

In the Heart of Maoriland Elder Arthur W. Gudmundson, Huntly, Waikato, New Zealand, January 23: "We are laboring in the heart of Maoriland among some of the

direct descendants of Lehi. We are well received and cordially entertained

in nearly every place we go. The Maoris are a truly religious people. Better

Latterday Saints are not found anywhere than among these bighearted children of God. Our progress is favorable. Various auxiliary organizations are being formed and new members are entering our fold constantly.

The Waikato conference is one of the largest in the New Zealand mission.

We reach the most remote village with our message and nearly all of our -work is carried on in the Maori tongue. The country is rough and roads

are poor, so our best means of travel is on horses, which we catch and break ourselves. We do not stop long in one place, but travel constantly

from one settlement to another. We are very grateful for the love and

respect shown us by those among whom we labor. Our every want is cared

for by the Maoris and by the Europeans'as well. We acknowledge the

blessings of our Father in heaven and can see his hand in all of our success. We are happy and find much joy in our work. We look to the Era

as a great help to us with its messages of inspiration and cheer, and certainly appreciate it. Elders Waikato conference, New Zealand, left to

EDITORS'TABLE 571

right, back: Evart A. Ottley, Elba, Idaho; Arthur W. Gudmundson, conference president. Salt Lake City; Harold R. Knudsen, Provo; John B.

Blackham, Moroni, Utah. Front: Francis L. Wilcox. Preston, Idaho;

Angus R. Potter, Loa, Utah; James A. Thornton, American Falls, Idaho;

Glenn A. Jorgensen, Smithfield, Utah.

One to a City

Paul E. Hart, Springfield, Missouri. February 17: "Due to the small

missionary force, we are placed one to a city, with sister missionaries to

help and assist in acquainting people with the message that we have to deliver. Elders Bennion and Summerhays are engaged in Joplin and

Sidalia, Missouri, and are doing a splendid work, while I am laboring here 572 IMPROVEMENT ERA in Springfield. We all appreciate the Era. It helps our work and ig a

valuable missionary to thoughtful people."Elders left to right: Lynn

Bennion, Paul E. Hart, H. B. Summerhays.

v M. I. A. in Illinois

Elder C. H. Neuenschwander, conference president of the southern

Illinois conference, reports a conference held in Springfield on the 14th of

January at which members and friends of the Church from several of the towns in southern Illinois met. President Winslow Farr Smith, the retiring mission president, and Dr. John H. Taylor, his successor, attended

the conference sessions and delivered excellent sermons. "Great success

attended the conference and the divinity of the great latterday work was strengthened in the hearts of many. We have an organized Mutual Improvement Association here and many are enthusiastic over the progress

and advancement of the work. We find the Era very valuable as a missionary.

"Missionaries of the southern Illinois conference, Northern States mission: (left to right, top row) Marion G. Clark, Cannonville; H. B. Stay,

Draper, Utah; Randall Olson, Lovell, Wyoming; R. A. Jones, Enoch; A. W.

Bradshaw, Tremonton, Utah. (Middle row) Samuel G. Jackson, Manassa,

Colorado; M. R. Park, Granger, Utah; Wilford B. Staples, Shelley, Idaho;

Joseph Case, Mt. Emmons; Edwin James, Logan; H. 0. Eitner, Salt Lake

City, Utah. Front row: C. A. Neuenschwander, incoming conference president, Salt Lake City, Utah; Martinus Anderson, outgoing conference president; Burley, Idaho; Dr. John H. Taylor, incoming mission president,

Salt Lake City; Winslow Farr Smith, outgoing mission president, Salt Lake

City; LaPhene Petersen, conference president Northern Illinois conference, Hyde Park, Utah; Orson P. Davis, conference president of Chicago

conference, Blackfoot, Idaho."

M. I. A. Day at Lethbridge

From Superintendent D. H. Elton of Lethbridge, Canada, writing February 23, it is learned that the M. I. A. are busy with their program for

the M. I. A. Day, to be held June 4. Taber has been selected for the "big

meet."Committees are organized, the fair grounds have been secured, and

the work pretty well outlined. It is the King's birthday on June 3, which,

by statutory law, is celebrated the following day, Monday, June 4, so that this becomes a public holiday. The M. I. A. officers have arranged for a

conference on Sunday, June 3, at Tabor, it being held this early to enable their delegates to reach Salt Lake City in time for the big M. I. A. annual

conference, which will be held on the 8th, 9th, and 10th of June.

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS'TABLE

Annual Conference

The ninetythird Annual General Conference of the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints will convene in the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City, on Friday, April 6th, 1923, at 10 o'clock a. in., with sessions on Saturday

and Sunday, April 7th and 8th.

A general priesthood meeting will be held in the Taber::acle Friday

evening at 7 o'clock, and a special priesthood meeting in the Assembly

Hall Monday at 10 a. m.

It is requested that in arranging missionary reunions, etc., there shall

be no conflicting dates or hours with the foregoing appointments.

Heber J. Grant,

. Penrose, Charles W

. Ivins, Anthony W

First Presidency.

Relief Society Wheat Funds to be Remitted to the Presiding

Bishop's Office The First Presidency desire that all Relief Society wheat funds be remitted to the Presiding Bishop's Office where they will be kept intact and subject to the instructions of the First Presidency. Interest on this

wheat fund will be paid at the rate of 49c on July 1 of each year, the interest to be used for maternity purposes and child welfare. The question

of gathering wheat by the Releif Society organization as heretofore, was decided upon and there was no objection to gathering of wheat funds, or funds of any character whatsoever for charity purposes, but it is thought unwise to store wheat in bins as the Societies used to do. It should rather

be sold and turned into cash and sent to the Presiding Bishopric where it will be added to the principal of the fund to the credit of the wards remitting.

Missionaries and Baptisms, 1922

From a bulletin issued by the Presiding Bishop's Office it is learned that the average baptisms per missionary in the missions during the year ending December 31, 1922, was 2.4. The Hawaiian Islands and the Norwegian

missions have the highest average per missionary which is 5. The Netherlands, 4.5, Southern States 4; and Central States, 3.8. In the 22 missions

there were 4329 adult baptisms; with 1.782 missionaries. The largest

number of baptisms being in the Swiss and German mission, C>7; in the

Southern States, 665; in the Cential States, 519; in Hawaii, 363; California.

237; Western States, 238; Northern States, 211; Netherlands. 201. The

largest number of missionaries were in Germany.255; in Great Britain. 165;

Southern States, 164; Central States, 137; Calfornia, 134; and Northern

States. 116.

Special Y. M. M. I. A. Officers'Meeting

A special meeting of the Superintendents and other Stake and Ward offerors of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association will be held in the Assembly Room of the Bishops'Bldg., Sunday morning, April 8,

beginning at 8 a. m. All Y. M. M. I. A. officers and members of stake

presidencies and bishoprics are especially invited to attend.

George Albert Smith, Richard R. Lyman,

Mclvin J. Ballard.

General Superintendency.

MONTHLY MESSAGE TO THE M MEN VI—Happiness—How Obtained

By Thomas A. Beal, Member of the General Board

Twenty years or more ago, Dr. David Starr Jordan wrote a little book

on The Strength of Being Clean. The principal plea of the book was for a

sober life, and was based upon two facts: "To be clean is to be strong;"

and "No one can secure happiness without earning it."These thoughts

need to be repeated to every generation, and their importance cannot be too strongly impressed upon the minds of young men.

"The pursuit of happiness is an art in itself. To seek it is not necessarily to find it, and failure may destroy both liberty and life."So long as

man is alive and free he will in one way or another seek that which gives him happiness, which means life and liberty.

"It is one of the laws of life that every acquisition has its cost. No

organism can exercise power without yielding up part of its substance."No

one can obtain success in any line of activity without giving forth energy;

without toil, and hope, and faith. That is, we must work for what we get

to enjoy it. Usually that which is obtained without effort is illusion and

in the end deception, failure and misery. The religion which another man

would give us we cannot take as a gift. We must work for the faith ourselves. "There is no Christliness without endeavor."He who would be

wise must daily earn his wisdom. He who adds not effort to power will

soon lose it. Each must learn in life his own responsibility; i. e, his own

individuality and its meaning, and by it work out his own salvation.

Nothing worth while is given away in this world. There is no royal

road to happiness. Like every other good thing in this life, it must be

earned, and it cannot be held for long when not properly earned, that is, without paying an honest price for it. "The choicest gifts lie not on bargain

counters."Reward, which is success, comes only by honest effort—by

being willing to work and to wait believing that the harvest will be reaped at last.

To succeed in life a certain amount of adversity must be encountered too. But adversity is not always a bad thing. Only by overcoming obstacles do we grow strong and powerful. Every wind and sto? i makes the

sturdy oak dig its roots deeper into the ground, so that it may be able to withstand more surely the tempests and storms of the future.

So it is with mankind. Strength comes with struggle. Only through

resistance can man conquer adversity. The arm which is not used becomes palsied. Strength comes from use, and victory from strength. Temptation has its part to play in the development of life, and of character. To

yield weakens us, and our strength is turned against us. To conquer is to

succeed, and the strength of adversity goes over to us and makes us more able in the future to withstand the temptations of life.

In every walk of life, strength comes from effort. It is the habit of

selfdenial which gives men power to succeed. No one has ever succeeded

until he has conquered temptation. The strength of being clean cannot be

overestimated in the battle of life. In itself, it is more than half the vieMUTUAL WORK 575

tory. Without it all is lost. It gives power to the person which in itself

brings success. Sooner or later in everyone's life there comes a time when

one must meet temptation. To those who have practiced the habit of selfrestraint, of selfdenial, the power to resist will be easy, because they have

learned to resist wrong and the resistance has given them strength. On the

other hand, to those who have been given everything, who haven't earned their strength, the conquest of temptation will be difficult. He who has

learned the value of money, has usually learned how to wiselv spend it;

he has learned to say "no"and to say it at the right time.

In conclusion, then, to be happy, in the biggest sense of that term, not merely pleasure, but effectiveness, we must learn the true worth of happiness, the strength of being clean both in thought and action, the power to say no, the power to conquer temptation, and the power to choose that which is best.

"Not what we have, but what we use,

Not what we say, but what we choose,

These are the things which mar or bless

The sum of human happiness."

A Schedule for Y. M. M. I. A. Work

Suggested schedule of Y. M. M. I. A. activities for the different months

of the year, 192324:

June—Annual Conference. This year on June 8. 9, and 10.

July—Fathers and Sons'Outings.

August—Checking on Organization, Annual Stake Conventions, and

Life September—Membership,Memberships. Manuals and Class Study, Hand Book.

October Improvement Era.

November—Fund.

December—Recreation, Monthly Special Meetings, Dancing, Drama.

January—M. I. A. Standards, Joint Social Entertainments, Slogan, Reading Course.February—Advanced Senior. March—Senior M Men.

April—Junior, Scouting. May—Secretaries'Work.

The New Recreational Program

The Presidency of the Church have sent out a letter to the presidents of stakes throughout the Church assigning to the General Boards of the

Young Men's and Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement Associations supervision over the general recreational activities of the Church, to establish and maintain proper standards in this field through their organization. In

carrying out this assignment the General Boards suggest the following steps in perfecting the organizations:

Stake Organization:—-The M. I. A. stake board, in consultation with

the presidency of the stake, are to select four persons, two brethren and two sisters, one to be chosen as chairman, the ablest in this field of work to be found in the stake. These should be made members of M. I. A.

stake boards, where they are not already members, and are to be known as the M. I. A. Stake Committee on Recreation, and are to take the place

of the present Social Committees now organized in the stakes.

I. A. Ward Organization:—Like action is to be taken by ward M.

officers, in consultation wnth the bishopric and stake M. I. A. officers. The

Ward Committee on Recreation so formed should then carry out the general leisure time and recreational program. The personnel of the com576 IMPROVEMENT ERA

mittee should be of a high moral and spiritual character, well informed on the recreational needs and opportunities of the communities and able to give supervision and direction in the work assigned them. This work should

have the first consideration of those who are best qualified to do it.

In cooperation with the bishopric, or the presidency of the stake, the committees on recreation should hold a meeting with the heads of all the respective auxiliary organizations at an early date to correlate a yearround program in recreation and leisure time, giving each auxiliary organization an opportunity to particpate in the yearround program.

Monthly M. I. A. Special Activity Program

Home Totvn Day The general purpose of the activity for April, 1923, is to stimulate in the hearts of the young men and women of the community a greater love for their home town, in order that they may take greater pride in making it beautiful and more attractive. The General Boards desire that a program

be given in each association, embodying some of the following suggestions:

First Division of the Program A. Local History.

1. Music—Here songs may be sung which were favorites of the people of this community many years ago.

2. The first settlements in this community; the Indians; the first meeting house; the old time school. 3. Recitation—"The Builders,"by Longfellow.

4. High spots in the history of the community, introducing how folks

lived 40 years ago.

5. Reading, "The Old National Road,"by Naylor.

It will be interesting to have an exhibit of old household and farm articles, and Indian relics.

Second Division of the Program

B. Making Our Home Town a Better Place in Which to Live.

1. Making the home beautiful with shrubs and flowers.

2. Laborsaving devices in the home.

3. Music and art in the home.

4. How to spend leisure hours at home.

5. What a scrubbing brush in action, and paint mean to a building.

6. Report of a special committee assigned to work out a community

pride activity in which the entire association may particpate, such as: a. Improvement of meetinghouse and grounds.

b. Improvement of city cemetery.

c. Improving streets and walks.

d. Erecting community flag pole.

e. Preparation of public play grounds for weekly half holidays for

M. I. A. Day, etc.

f. Making a community "Swimming Hole."

g. Taking steps for securing Public Parks.

7. A special slogan might be adopted and a banner placed in the meetinghouse.

C. Address: "Why I Love my Home Town."

Note: Decide to do some work that will make your town more beautiful and create a greater love for it. Make your town famous and noted for

something.

MUTUAL WORK 577 A Unique Program

From Superintendent D. H.

Elton of Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada, writing to Superintendent Richard R. Lyman, it is

learned that a joint meeting of the Young Men's and Young Ladies'Associations was held there on the 18th of February on the evening of the quarterly stake conference. A rather

unique and interesting program on "The Aim of the M. I. A."

was presented. The slogan was

conducted by twoyear-old John Dalton Elton, correlated with the anthem, "A little child shall lead them."He was dressed in

pure white and stood on the pulpit before a packed house and without a tremor repeated the slogan and called upon the large congregation to arise and repeat it with him, which they did. Purity was certainly symbolized, crystalized and vitalized in the scene. The roll call

of the stake officers was responded to by sentiments on Master John Dalton Elton. Twoyear- the slogan. Boy Scout and Beeold son of Supl. I). II. Ellon, who conHive girls in uniform repeated ducted the slogan at the M. I. A. joint the Scout Law and the Bee meeting, Sunday evening, February 18, Keepers'Promise, etc., and

1923. unitedly sang, "True to the faith."Contributions were

given by the M Men and the Senior girls, who are doing splendid work.

The work was demonstrated and there were no long speeches or sermonizing. The reading course was especially treated by a review of one of the

splendid books. Incidentally, it is learned from Superintendent Elton that

the thermometer registered 30 degrees below zero at the time, which had a tendency to curtail the attendance to some extent. A reception for ward

officers and bishops was prepared for the Friday night preceding. The

Lethbridge stake succeeded in getting a report from every ward, notwithstanding the scattered condition of the wards in that stake, and the average, as per the efficiency report published in the March number of the Era, shows 96 points.

Fiftieth Annhersary Jubilee

A jubilee celebration of the Twentieth Ward Institute, an organization established, January 20, 1873. and which continued to exist until it was

finally absorbed a number of years later by the Y. M. M. I. A., was held

in the ward chapel on Sunday evening. March 4. The meeting was well

attended, and a number who were members of the institute at its organization were present. W. H. Tovey, the first secretary, called the roll of 86

people who were charter members, and among them the following were present, Reinhard Maeser, W. H. Tovey. Oliver Hodgson. Joseph F. Sim578 IMPROVEMENT ERA

mons, Nephi Howarth, and James Y. Moffat. Quite a number of charter

members who were unable to attend were represented by relatives. Bishop

C. C. Neslen conducted the meeting. A picture of the first president, John

Nicholson, was hung on the wall; also pictures of Charles R. Savage and

George M. Ottinger of the board of directors, and the old adobe school

house was likewise displayed in the building. A number of visitors from

the Legislature and other prominent men and women were present. The

following program was rendered:

History of the Institute D. J. Watts

A Life Sketch of John Nicholson By his grandson, John C. Nicholson

Reminiscent Talks—Mrs. Lucy Savage Clark, Oliver Hodgson, Joseph F.

Simmons, David R. Lyon, and Reinhard Maeser.

Old time songs were sung by Mary Romney Ross, John James, Royal W.

Daynes and J. Willard Squires.

The invocation was offered by Harold Reynolds, and the benediction was pronounced by Edward H. Anderson of the Y. M. M. I. A. General

Board.

The membership of the institute during its life was composed of many of the leading men of the Church in Salt Lake City.

The Nephi M. I. A. Scout Band

On March 4, 1923, the Mutual Improvement Associations of the three wards of Nephi held their musical at the stake tabernacle. Each ward

furnished ten numbers for the program, including a number of selections from the Boy Scout band. The large tabernacle was filled to overflowing.

The program had been worked out by the officers of the M. I. A. Boy

Scout band and committees from the Mutuals of the three wards. One of

the purposes of the musical was to raise funds to support the Boy Scout band. The contributions were left at the door as the people entered the

tabernacle. The sum of $206 was collected. The Boy Scout band was

organized six months ago. There are 45 members, and the instruments

which have been furnished by the parents of the boys, cost $2,500. This

commendable band organization has come about from one of the expressions in an Advanced Senior Class lesson of last year: "A band in every town and

a choir in every ward."

Camp Roosevelt—Boy Builder

Was founded by Major F. L. Beals, U. S. A. supervisor of physical

education in the Chicago public high schools. This camp is held during the

summer vacation months and is a great outdoor school where boys may spend a healthy, enjoyable life, roughing it, and at the same time, receive a thorough course in citizenship training and other splendid activities. The

camp is located on Silver Lake, Indiana, sixtyfive miles from Chicago on the New York Central lines. Inquiries sent to Major Beals, 460 S.State

Street, Chicago, concerning boy problems and the camp will receive considerate response.

Scouting

The monthly report of Scouting in the Y. M. M. I. A., ending March

10, 1923, shows that there are 64 stakes which have M. I. A. scout troops

not belonging to councils. There are 641 wards in which 254 M. I. A.

scout troops not belonging to councils are organized. There are 3,795

tenderfoot scouts; 826 second class scouts; and 155 first class scouts; and

47 merit badge scouts, making a total of 4,823 scouts in the Y. M. M. I. A.

not belonging to councils.

..

MUTUAI WORK 579

Activities in Raft River

Superintendent J. Henry Thompson of the Raft River stake, Malta,

Idaho, reports the Mutual Improvement Associations in that stake are doing splendid work. They have had some activity aside from the regular

program this winter. Three wards are active with basket hall teams. "Almo

and Malta Senior teams were to go to Grouse Creek, Utah, on the week of

March 11, a distance from Malta of seventy miles. They were to go by

team. The Grouse Creek mountains had to be crossed on foot, as the snow

is very deep and the pass is out of question for horses and sleighs. They

took a drama from Malta to Sublet, Elba, Almo and Yost, on the week ending March 3, leaving home in February and returning the next month!

after a five days'absence. There is some scout activity in Grouse Creek,

Almo and Elba. Malta is already registered. Almo has had their tenderfoot examinations."

Y. M. M. I. A. Statistical Report, February, 1923

tl C <J J c O iiu (Iu 1-C - T3 41C 41 u v c u U i% "2 c r: o 3 B E.2 B.2 t 8 o -* 2 STAKES i-o o

4J El o O o. 3 C O in II tl d C C P?

t/3 14 W T3<w W < < <<"0

Alpine 891 | 18 18 146 | 22 7 201 | 345 922 111 138 120 220 589

Bear River 509 12 12 100'259 151 193 703 81 135 77 113 406

Beaver.. 287 6 3 26 52 40 71 189 21 32 28 49 129

Benson... 841 13 13 113 129 250 328 820 94 61 120 209 484

Box Elder. 750 13 12 101 304 176 241 822 80 243 L25 177 625

('ache.... 520 8 8 104 91 175 252 622 68 56 106 178 408

Carbon... 360 9 4 68 124 76 176 444 32 48 2 1 52 156

Cottonwood 789 12 8 69 67 149 215 500 50 32 94 154 330

Deseret... 454 11 9 84 196 119 176 575 59 113 61 104 2,2,7

Emery 555 10 7 5S 94 176 181 509 46 62 106 134 348

Ensign... 959 7 7 58 143 197 260 658 49 37 94 206 386

Garfield.. 271 8 4 16 7 97 80 200 8 7 57 54 126

Granite... 1866 16 16 172 244 333 615 1364 136 140 230 469 975

Hyrum... 500 10 8 76 111 127 147 461 57 71 80 99 307

356 5 5 49 110 114 146 419 36 74 85 105 310

Kanab 213 6 6 43 63 40 95 241 28 46 25 63 162

Liberty... 1215 11 11 101 297 316 480 1194 81 190 181 326 778

Logan.... 608 11 11 106 92 164 253 615 87 63 99 195 444

Millard... 338 7 6 44 164 94 90 392 38 62 46 61 207

Morgan 210 9 9 64 58 84 121 327 45 35 58 80 218

Mt. Ogden 516 6 6 49 S7 118 212 466 38 40 63 161 302

Nebo 946 15 10 72 145 114 220 551 55 63 61 131 310

No. Davis. 446 8 8 64 58 103 198 423 41 27 60 141 269

N'o. Sanpete 802 13 IS S6 114 228 2,111; 734 61 59 127 215 462

6 Sevier. 6 39 128No. 156

105 71 226 15 644 17 94 102.. j. > 363624 6629 687 10474 12779 324250No. Weber

Ogden.... 750 10 10 78 88 2 2 8 24 9 643 62 37 111 150 360

Panguitch 273 6 1 24 62 102 102 290 19 45 52 67 1>3

Pioneer 960 13 13 99 168 238 360 st;:, 87 91 139 217 534

Roosevelt 334 11 11 IS 103 84 12C 391 57:,s 53 76 244

St. George. 549 14 10 117 168 311 252 848 68 82 124 133 407

Salt Lake. 1067 12 12 128 188 169 377 862 105 86 97 254 542

San Juan. 270 4 4 33 83 71 84 271 21 2 7 40 71 159

Sevier.... 363 6 6 53 115 117 153 438 36 60 54 100 250

So. Davis. 494 8 8 69 89 166 2 23 547 58 69 98 154 379

So. Sanpete 734 11 9 73 141 236 195 645 61 59 109 105 334

Summit 359 1 1 11 83 60 139 165 447 54 23 63 70 210

Tintic.... 230 5 5 30 76 56 111 273 22 45 24 68 159

Uintah 614 9 9 58 51 155 130 394 55 53 117 94 319

Wayne... 189 6 4 26 15 44 56 141 18 6 23 41 88

Weber 630 8 8 59 98 175 184 516 46 40 74 120 2 SO

Bear Lake 395 11 | 11 83 101 125 182 491 54 4 5 64 106 269 580 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Y. M. M. I. A. Statistical Report, February, 1923

"<u 13 s c c a o u o o 3 & WTJ V c u U C u C ua a o a o m s 2 -T3

CO o o So STAKES <u O CX E-i. cV o B u CflT.R Jul CO=o d is fc W w w <W < < u

Bingham 50 12 10 83 212 114 15(T 565 59 87 99 loo 345

Blackfoot 514 12 10 85 122 95 151 459 58 72 60 74 264 330 8 8 54 114 96 99 363 35 62 55 54 206

Burley 399 10 8 60 114 111 109 394 41 68 56 64 229

Curlew 130 10 5 40 49 3o 59 186 31 28 28 38 125

Franklin 357 11 10 92 119 207 176 594 73 50 116 110 349

Fremont.. 680 13 13 116 184 223 235 758 85 116 149 147 497

Idaho.... 117 12 8 54 35 53 52 194 41 17 36 26 120

Lost River 127 5 5 60 80 49 75 264 36 46 43 36 161

Malad.... 317 8 8 62 59 195 128 44* 48 40 107 73 268

Montpelier 372 12 12 90 136 | 119 179 524 63 64 50 102 279

Oneida 315 11 9 62 105 85 130 382 43 47 46 69 205

Portneuf 348 13 8 84 105 111 115 415 57 51 58 68 234

Raft River 160 11 10 54 114 50 52 270 49 58 26 36 169

Rigby.... 543 15 14 111 174 123 198 606 76 100 87 125 388

Shelley... 339 8 8 61 112 103 116 392 40 51 55 65 211

Teton 300 8 5 33 42 82 36 193 28 25 66 22 141

Twin Falls 204 7 7 36 67 20 78 201 30 25 21 45 121

Yellowstone 248 9 8 56 88 103 101 348 49 60 65 66 240 11 571 79 71 62 178 178 106 362 136 123 11 341Alberta25 7 90 69 6 102 342 82 30 234 120 58 340 Horn..Big

Juarez 120 5 5 30 60 15 47 152 25 50 10 40 125

Lethbridge 216 10 10 53 125 93 86 357 54 74 53 60 241

Maricopa 389 9 8 65 155 115 144 479 51 80 63 85 279

Moapa.... 179 7 6 43 54 58 89 244 30 24 33 61 148

San Luis.. 210 5 5 40 75 74 62 251 36 51 55 45 187

Snowflake 258 7 '7 44 114 42 118 318 24 54 14 54 146

Star Valley 334 11 10 89 81 118 115 403 60 42 71 68 241

Taylor 332 6 6 51 143 119 152 465 43 76 80 94 293

Union.... 160 6 6 44 68 39 50 201 33 30 23 21 107

Woodruff. 425 8 6 60 80 68 95 303 45 65 50 75 235

Young.... 103 5 4 27 31 40 35 133 22 22 27 31 102

Y. M. M. I. A. Efficiency Rep ort, February, 1923

"in.>8 l* S a M u Ml <U T) w V 0<. wmVtn i o an nlc Offic I.

'to QQUV u Meeting 3o Program STAKES "raPn "nluw c3 Participat Eh tn Stake M. nl

Ou in Ward U coti CO

Alpine 10 10 1 81 81 6 8 9 8 8 83

Bear River 10 10 10'10 9 7 10 10 9 93

Beaver 6 4 5 5 5 5 5 3 5 48 Benson 10 9 10 10 9 8 10 8 7 90

Box Elder. 9 10 10 10 8 8 10 10 9 93

Cache.... 10 7 10 10 8 6 10 10 8 88

Carbon 10 3 10 10 10 10 10 10 4 85

Cottonwood 6 10 7 7 6 6 7 6 4 66

Deseret... 10 10 7 7 7 6 5 4 72

Duchesne. 10 8 6 3 6 10 5 4 62

Emery.... 9 9 10 9 8 10 9 9 88

Ensign 7 6 10 7 10 10 10 7 87 Garfield 7 9 5 4 3 5 3 3 47 Granite... 7 10 10 10 7 10 10 10 94

Hyrum 9 9 7 8 9 10 10 7 87 Juab 10 10 10 I io 10 10 10 10 100.

MUTUAL WORK 581

Y. M. M. T. A. Efficiency Report, February, 1923

i c u St 1*4.2- 1

STAKES "ca Ph -"o n -

Kanab in 111 2| 10 in 86 Liberty, in 9 9 | 10 10 98 Logan 10 10| 10 | 10 10] 95 cMillard 10

Morgan Hi 111 "7 71M Mt. Ogden.... 9 111 lo 95

Nebo 6 9 10 85 North Davis.. 9 9 9 94

North Sanpete 9 8 6 85 North Sevier. in 10 7 81

North Weber. 9 7 10 7:

Ogden 9 6 9 87 Panguitch 10 7 6 57 Pioneer 9 6 s 88 Roosevelt in 7 Ki 94 St. George... in 2 57

Salt Lake.... 8 9 1 90

San Juan 10 10 88 Sevier 10 9 91 South Davis.. in 10 10 98

South Sanpete 7 2 64 Summit Ki 6 10 5 79 Tintic 10 9 92 Uintah 6 8 74 Wayne 8 2 48 Weber 9 10 94 Bear Lake... 10 7 84

Bingham.... 10 88

Blackfoot.... 8 83

Blaine 10 71 Boise Ki 70 Burley 10 67 Curlew 10 74 Franklin.... 1(1 76

Fremont 10 94 Idaho 10 60 Lost River... to 86

Malad 10 89 Montpelier... 10 80

Oneida 10 90 Portneuf.... 10 69

Raft River... 10 71

Rigby 10 79 Shelley 10 88 Teton 7 8 81 Twin Falls... 10 6 83

Yellowstone 10 7 77 Alberta 10 8 B 8 9 7 1 87 Big Horn 10 I 8| 9 8 6 6 7 80 Juarez 10 10 8 10 10 10 96 Lethbridge... 10 lo I 10 8 10 10 10 98

Maricopa.... 10 10 I io 10 10 9 10 94

Moapa 10 9 9 10 10 5 9 87 San Luis 10 3 9 6 10 3 6 74 Snowflake... 10 5 9 9 7 5 6 76

Star Valley... 10 5 8 8 9 7 4 75

Taylor 10 10 I 10 to 10 10 10 98

Union 10 5 I 10 8 10 8 6 86 Woodruff 4 I 6 4 10 2 2 60 Young 10 3 8 5 62 7*M;;r\"! -:f.!'* >|r/:.;s *'vl Ji..--,-.'.'.i-?''*i|

Hostilities between Poland and Lithuania were reported from Paris,

Feb. 18. Twentyfive were reported killed and two hundred wounded in

an encounter near Orano, on the GrodnoVilna railway.

Cabinet changes were announced, Feb. 27, as follows: Postmaster General Work to succeed Albert Fall as secretary of the interior, and Senator

Harry S. New, of Indiana, to become postmaster general.

The Sixtyseventh U. S. Congress adjourned Feb. 4, at noon. The house

closed its work with a concert by the marine band and improvised quarter.

Uncle "Joe"Cannon, who retires, after fortysix years of servica, received a great ovation.

Ralph Guthfie succeeded Noble Warrum, March 8, as postmaster of

Salt Lake City. He was born in Leesbury, Ohio, and came to Salt Lake

City in 1892. For some time he has been the manager of the Newhouse

Investment company.

M. Delcasse died suddenly at Nice, France, Feb. 22. He was one of the

most prominent statesmen of France during the past quarter of a century, and is generally considered as the author of the AngloFrench entente. He

was born March 1, 1852.

Hon. and Mrs. Joseph A. West, Logan, celebrated their golden wedding,

March 4, when they entertained their twentyfour children and families, including many grandchildren, at the Hotel Eccles. Mr. West is a frequent contributor to the Improvement Era.

For tomatoes Utah farmers will be paid $10 per ton during 1923, as announced recently by President W J. Parker, of the Utah Canners'Association. This is $1.50 per ton above the price paid last year. The outlook

for canners this year is very bright and a banner year is expected.

Funeral services for Mrs. Rhoana H. Hentie were held in the Panguitch,

Utah, South ward, where she died recently, of ailments incident t> old age.

She was born May 19, 1832, in Cataraugus county, New York, and came to

Nauvoo, 111., with her parents, in 1841. She went through the experiences of

the Saints in the exodus of 1846, and came to Salt Lake Valley in 1847.

A Hindu is not a free white person, in the meaning of the American naturalization law, and can, therefore, not become an American citizen. The

U. S. Supreme Court so ruled, Feb. 19, in the case of Bhagat Singh Thind,

who had been given naturalization papers in Oregon, against the objection of the federal government.

Funeral services for Elder Kenneth A. Thomas, who died while laboring in Mexico were held in the Thirtyfourth ward, Salt Lake City, Feb. 22.

The body arrived Feb. 20, accompanied by President Rey L. Pratt of the

Mexican mission. He departed for a mission to Mexico, Jan. 13, 1923, and

was taken ill after having been there two weeks. He succumbed to

pneumonia.

A human skuM of the tertiary period has been found in southern Patagonia, near Paso Ibanez, according to a report by Dr. J. G. Wolf, of La

Plata museum, Feb. 27. The fossil was picked up by a white settler. If the

find is genuine it is of tremendous importance, but scientists will demand

PASSING EVENTS 583

evidence which it may not be possible to furnish after the relic has been removed by unscientific methods, from the place where found.

Mrs. John A. Logan died in Washington, D. C, Feb. 22, of influenza,

84 years of age. She was the widow of the famous Civil War general. Since

her husband's death in 1886 Mrs. Logan had written extensively on Civil

War happenings and other historical matters. She was a worldwide traveler and collected a valuable group of war souvenirs and trophies as a

memorial to her son, Major John A. Logan, who was killed in battle in the

Philippines in 1899.

A calf club will be organized by 160 boys of the Alpine school district.

This club will probably be the largest in the state of Utah, according to

I. B. Ball, superintendent of the agricultural section of the State Department of Vocational Education. Each boy proposes to raise a pure bred

calf. Seventy boys in Logan recently formed a club, and contemplate raising as many pure bred Holstein heifers, seventy head of which were

ordered from Wisconsin.

Tlie cost of the war to Great Britain, according to a statement issued by

Chancellor of the Exchequer Baldwin, March 10, was 946,023 men killed and 2,121,906 wounded, out of a total of 9,496,370 enrolled in all branches of the military and naval service. From the United Kingdom alone the

casualties were 743,702 killed and 1,693,262 wounded. The expenditures

during the financial years between April 1, 1914, and March 31, 1919, amounted to $45,073,000,000.

Ad Iph A. Ramseyer of Forest Dale, passed away at a hospital in Salt

Lake City, Feb. 28, after a brief illness, at the age of 58 years. He has

been active in the Church since his youth, and done much work during the past fifteen years as temple recorder. He was a good linguist and a lover of

good reading. Few men were better versed in language than he was. He was

born in Switzerland, studied medicine in Paris, and joined the Church in his 18th year, coming to Utah in 1886.

Fire destroyed the Armour packing plant, Omaha, Feb. 14, causing a loss

of about $2,000,000. When firemen who responded to the first alarm reached

the scene they found all hydrants frozen and the water pressure so poor that they could not throw streams past the sixth story. The alarm was turned

in just as the peak of the cold wave hit the city. The firemen became

iceincrusted in a few minutes and many literally froze to the pipes. Dense

smoke and falling walls added to the dangers of the firemen.

Mrs. Josephine Beatie Wells died March 2, as a result of recurrent

pneumonia. She was the wife of Bulon S. Wells, of the First Council of

Seventy, and the daughter of H. S. and Marion F. Beatie, pioneers of 1849.

She was married to Bulon S. Wells, Jan. 18, 1883, and was the mother of

seven children, six of whom are living now. Funeral services were held in

the Eighteenth ward chapel, Sunday, March 4, when consoling and faithpromoting addresses were made to the relatives and sympathetic friends present.

The United States paid Norway $12,000,000, Feb. 26, awarded by the

international arbitration court at the Hague, in settlement of claims growing out of the seizure of Norwegian vessels during the war. In a note to

the treasury department, Secretary Hughes explained that the government, by paying, "gives tangible proof of its desire to respect arbitral awards, and it again acknowledges devotion to the principle of arbitral settlements, even in the face of a decision proclaiming certain theories of law which it cannot accept."

Mrs. Julia Felshaw Merrill, died, Feb. 27, at the home of her son, Frank

Felsbaw Merrill. Salt Lake City, 91 years of age. She was born June 27,

584 IMPROVEMENT ERA

1832, at Spafford, N. Y. Her1 parents, William Felshaw and Mary Gilbert

Felshaw, were among the early converts to join the Church. The family

crossed the plains, arriving at Salt Lake in 1852. They moved to Fillmore

inl853 and Mrs> Merrill made her home there until 1901, when she returned to Salt Lake. Mrs. Merrill's father was employed on the Kirtland temple

and also on the Nauvoo temple.

N. C. Hanks of Heber City, Utah, whose story, "Up From the Hills,"

appeared in the Improvement Era recently, according to a telegram from

Cambridge, Massachusetts, Feb. 24, 1923, had conferred upon him the highest scholarship at the University of Harvard on the week ending February

24. This is an additional honor that has come to one who is handless and

totally blind, and who has worked his way up in the wonderful way portrayed in the article referred to. His advancement is exceedingly remarkable and a result of many years of hard labor.

Mrs. Lydia D. Alder died at her home in Salt Lake City, March 1. She

was born in Trowbridge, Wiltshire, England, July 2, 1846, and came to this country with her parents in early life. As a young girl she served as a nurse

during the Civil'War. She was the first pr sident of the National Woman's

Suffrage Association in Utah. She visited Palestine and published a volume

entitled, "The Holy Land,"in 1912 on her observations there. Twelve of

her poems appear therein. She was a frequent contributor to local periodicals and many of her poems and writings have appeared in the Era.

Twentythree inmates were burned to death, Feb. 18, in the Manhattan

state hospital for insane, New York, in a fire which swept the west wing of the building. Three attendants met the same fate. One of the calmest

men in the burning building was a man known as John Doe, a deserter from the American army during the war, and also from the German army which he joined after having left his own comrades, and now insane. He

was seen, in the midst of smoke and flames, to guide other inmates to safety, but when it was all over, he did not seem to realize that he had been a hero.

Moving picture taxes collected by the government for the year ending

June 30, 1922, amounted to $73,373,937. On theater and circus admissions

the taxes amounted to $1,850,075. That is to say, the receipts at moving

picture shows were almost forty times as much as at theaters and circuses.

Considering the difference in prices of admision, it becomes evident that more than a hundred people went to the movies for one who went to a theater or the circus. It is to be observed, however, that the government

receipts from picture shows fell off 20 per cent from those of 1921. while

theater and circus receipts increased about 9 per cent.

In the Ruhr, about fifteen miles from Essen, two French officers were assassinated. The victims were: Lieutenant Coltins of the Alpine chasseurs,

and Francois of Joly, a French technician, in charge of the railway station at Buer. The assassination caused great excitement in the Ruhr, and the

French have put into effect a list of reprisals, with the announcement that the measures are temporary, and severe penalties against the municipality are to be instituted. French agents announce that they have discovered

the existence of three secret murder societies in the Ruhr district, the object of which is the assassination of French and Belgian officer

Lieutenant Paul M. Connor, of the Air Service, was killed, March 1,

when the Curtis airplane in which he was making a practice flight slipped into a tail spin over Woodward field, Salt Lake City. His neck was broken,

as were his legs below the knees, and his head was crushed. The plane fell

from an altitude of about 200 feet. Lieutenant Connor was a pupil of the

West High school, Salt Lake City. Two years ago he enlisted in the army,

and last March he was commissioned a second lieutenant, reserve corps.

He had the reputation of being one of the best pilots urned out from

PASSING EVENTS 585

Mather field. Sergeant Donald Templeman, who was in the plane with

Connor, was slightly injured and taken to a hospital.

Hovemveep is the name given to the histori.al ground between Bluff

City, Utah, and Dolores, Col., which contains famous Indian ruins and

which has been taken over by Secretary Work, it having been set apart, by presidential proclamation, as a national preserve. A custodian is to

be appointed, and the area will be protected against marauders. The majority of the structures belong to uniqu types not found in other national

monuments and show the finest i rehistoric masonry in the United States, according to Dr. J. Walter Fewkes, chief of the bureau of American

ethnology. They are situated about fifty miles west of Mesa Verde national

park in Colorado, and, having been constructed by the same race that built that park's famous cliff dwellings, are specially attractive and important.

The Summer Session of the Brigliam Young University will begin June 11; registration will begin June 9. According to Dean Hugh M. Woodward

there are to be six men and one woman of national repute from outside of

Utah connected with the regular faculty. They are Charles A. Elwood,

professor of Sociology, University of Missouri; Frederick E. Bolton, Dean

of School of Education, University of Washington; Robert R. Leonard, Dean

of Education, University of California; Knute K. Rockne, director of

Athletics, Notre Dame University, Iowa; Henry C. Cowles, professor of

Ecology, University of Chicago; Cyrus D. Mead, assistant professor of

Education, University of California; and Mary Shenck Woolman, author and

lecturer on Home Economics, Columbia University. For information regarding the summer session write to Dean Hugh M. Woodward, Provo, Utah.

Tlwt the United States become a member in the international court of arbitration organized by the League of Nations, was urged by President

Harding in a message to the U. S. Senate, Feb. 24, in which he asked that

the senate advice and consent to such a step. The same day Ambassador

Harvey, in a speech in London, predicted that the United States would soon take an active part in European affairs. The foreign relations committee

of the U. S. Senate, however, practically decided to postpone action on the

President's message until the meeting of the next congress in December.

That, it has been said, would make it probable that the question of membership in the international court would be a political issue in the election 1924.

just as the League of Nations was in 1920. Senator King, of Utah, Feb. 27,

served notice on the senate that an endeavor would be made to force a vote on the ratification of the proposition.

Edivard T. Ashton died Feb. 19, at his home in Salt Lake City, after a

brief illness. He was born in Salt Lake City July 14, 1855. He was first

counselor in the Salt Lake stake presidency, and was also well known and recognized as a man of sound judgment in business circles. When the construction of the Utah state capitol Was decided upon Mr. Ashlon organized

what is known as the Utah Consolidated Stone company, which furnished all the stone for the exterior of the building. He was a first class workman,

and many buildings, especially electric power plants, in Utah were erected under his supervision. For many years he was bishop of the 24th ward. He

filled a mission in 1889 to Great Britain, and on his return was ordained bishop by President George Q. Cannon. Funeral services were held in the

Assembly hall which was crowded with friends. Fitting tributes w-e paid

to his useful, noble, faithful and industrious life.

The Boise, Idalio ward has been divided in two wards. First and Second. At the closing session of the quarterly conference, Elder Alfred

Hogensen was appointed bishop of the First ward, with Samuel W. Worthington as one counselor. The second was not then named. Elder Joseph

G. Salisbury was made bishop of the Second ward, with Wm. Robinson and

J. Elmer Harris as counselors.

586 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Bishop Samuel Isom, born at Virgin,

Washington county, Utah, April 27, 1869;

died at Hurricane, Utah, February 2, 1923.

He was a leader in the community and a stalwart citizen in its development. He

aided in the building of the Hurricane canal, the LaVerkin bridge and in the establishing of public buildings for the rapidly increasing population of the south. Besides

being a homebuilder and a cultivator of fields and orchards, he took special pride in domestic animals; and in the home was

an ideal husband and father, a forceful public speaker, and an effective and convincing teacher. He filled an honorable mission,

and as Bishop of Hurricane since the ward was organized in 1907 won the lasting love of the people.

Dr. Charles L. Olsen died at a hospital in Salt Lake City, March 8,

of intestinal trouble. Funeral services were held in the Assembly Hall,

March 11, Bishop Arthur Welling presiding. Fitting tributes were paid to

his life and character by a number of speakers, including Adam L. Peterson,

Ole Gulbranson, Bishop William Burton of Ogden, Bishop C. A. Carlquist

of the Fifth ward, and Michael Mauss of Murray. Dr. Olsen was born in

Christiania, Norway, June 5, 1856. He was a graduate from the Eclectic

Medical College, of Cincinnati, Ohio. For many years he was secretary of

the state board of medical examiners, and at the time of his death, was an examiner on the board of registration. His first wife, Antionette Holladay,

died in 1897. He later married Pauline Heinz of Cincinnati, Ohio. Dr.

Olsen was an active Church worker, having filled two missions, one to

Scandinavia, in the early 90's where he labored as a writer for Skandinaviens

Stjerne; and the other mission to the United States. He was well known to

the readers of the Era through a number of valuable contributions, and has contributed freely also to other Church publications. Dr. Olsen was a diligent

student of..he principles of the gospel,

as well as of social problems, and he 'W'wielded a facile pen. His body was

interred in the Wasatch Lawn Cemetery.

Bishop Albert Douglas Dickson, piofirst of the of Morgan, bishop and that stake actedW'f neerRichville who, ward in for 37 years, from 1860, died at his home in Richville, Friday, February 16, 1923.

I*, He was born in Porter county, Indiana,

HL''v January 26, 1840, joined the Church and to In 1852 to Nauvoo. he came moved wtadH Utah, settling county; in Davis and in i-'-.>J3EM i

Richville, Morgan county, in 1860. From

that time on, he has been prominently identified with all the progressive movements in Morgan county. Funeral services were held in the Morgan stake

house, Monday, February 19, and interment was in the Richville cemetery.

Among the speakers were President Dan-

F. Bcv -.'iHH '*'*'ifcwg iel Heiner, W. H. Rich, Bishop Rose

W. Clark, all of whom eulogized hjs

character and integrity.

Tlant Seeds that Will Produce Why plant stocks of doubtful origin when you can secure P-Ws

Moun'.ain Grown Seeds, Shrubs and Trees at such reasonable

prices.

Good Seeds and Trees are the foundation of good crops. You

are safe when they come from our Nurseries and Seed Farms.

Get Free Seed and Nursery Catalog

PORTERWALTON COMPANY SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Improvement Era, April, 1923 Two Dollars per Annum Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter

Acceptmice far mailing at special rote of postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of

October 3, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918

Address Room 406 Church Office Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

J. Ballard, Business Mgr.Heber J. Grant, I Editors Melvin

Edward H. Anderson, \ Moroni Snow, Assistant.

Scout Activities Oscar A. Kirkliam 495

The Easter Lily. A Poem Carrie Tanner 496

A Modern Study of the Resurrection Prof. N.- L. Nelson 497

Freedom or Bondage? A Story Joseph H. Dean 511

Meditations. A P em..Ethel R. Lillywhite 519

GuideStones to Good Citizenship Prof. William Peterson 520

The Tawny Terror. A Story Richard Inscore 526

Failure. A Poem Grace Ingles Frost 529

The Spearmint 'Long the Ditch. A Poem H. R. Merrill 530

Doing Common Things in an Uncommon Way

XXIIXXIV Dr. George H. Brimliall 531

My Bahy. A Poem O. E. HoiveU 537

Joseph Quinney, Jr., Prest. Canadian Mission 538

Charles S. Hyde, Prest. Netherlands Mission 540

The Book of Mormon Plates J. M. Sjodalil 541

- 546Egyptology and the Book of Mormon—III R. C. W

Stand Together, Mutual Workers. A Poem D. H. Elton -... 554

Hearts and Hollyhocks—VIII. A Story Ruth Moench Bell 555

An Answer to Prayer—or What? Hugh J. Cannon 559

Loyal Scouts. A Song Ida H. White 561

Helps in TeacherTraining L. John Nuttall 562

567 Editors'Table—Courtesy and Unselfishness

"The Trend of the Race"568 Messages from the Missions, - 569

Priesthood Quorums'Table - 573

Mutual Work 574 Passing Events 582 STENOGRAPHY PAYS

Stenography pays well at the beginning and it is one of the best stepping stones to future progress in business.

Bright young men and women with fair education can learn stenography in a few months and fit themselves for desirable places in the bank and office where they have the advantage of working with the proprietors or heads of departments and every opportunity for rapid advancement.

NEW CLASSES BEGIN MONDAY CALL WASATCH 3951 FOR FULL INFORMATION

L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

Day and Evening Sessions All The Year

McCormickDeering Primrose BallBeariog

CREAM SEPARATOR AND 13 REASONS WHY YOU SHOULD OWN ONE

1. Hand or power operated.

2. Ball bearings.

3. Greater capacity with less labor.

4. Slower crank speed.

5. Easier turning.

6. Less wear and longer life.

7. Improved oiling.

8. Visible oiling system.

9. Steadier running.

10. Improved tinware.

11. Antisplash supply can.

12. Convenient bowl vise.

13. Easy bowl adjustment.

International Harvester Company of America

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH ASK YOUR COAL DEALER

about "KOLD KILLERS"

PANTHER] KElCOAL) [SSIV COAL J COAL COAL!

UNITED STATES FUEL CO.'MINERS & SHIPPERS

S KEARNS BLDG. SALT LAKE CITY

MISSIONARIES'EQUIPMENT Complete

Office Equipment

Files, folders, guides, ledgers, record books and the most upto-date methods and Trunks from $8.00 to $20.00 systems are quickly available

Traveling to $15.00 through our stock. Bags—$2.95

Boston Bag for Field Service Use

Phone us this week. We'll from $2.95 to $8.00

if you wish, toSpecial inducements to those going on send a man missions help estimate your needs and have you shipshape for good business.

The House / 106 SO. MAIN ST. Pembroke 24 E. Broadway At tlie Old Clock Corner

How $30.90 Grows to $1000.

$30.90 down and $30.90 per month for 29 months will mature

a $1,000 First Mortgage Real Estate Gold Bonds. All payments secured by first mortgages are held in trust by Columbia

Trust Company. Smaller monthly savings mature in same

proportion with Guaranteed Securities Company 206 Clift Bldg., Salt Lake City, Utah

WRITE FOR BOOKLET TODAY.—Mention Era

Integrity Inspire* Confidence JOSEPH WILLIAM TAYLOR Utah's Leading Undertaker and Licensed Embalmer 2125 SOUTH WEST TEMPLE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Phones: Wasatch 7600

Both Office and Residence My Service has the Little Marks of Difference that Make it Distinctive

Eliminate)Fire Is No Respecter

Housecleaping of Persons Trouble This Year You may wait 'til tomorrow It's easy to have a clean home if you useto insure but the fire may not ALL the time the wonderful "See our agent in your town"EUREKA Electric Vacuum Cleaner &H

Easy Terms

UTAH HOME FIRE Utah Power & INSURANCE CO.

Light Co. HEBER J. GRANT, & CO.,

General Agents "Efficient Public Service"

Everything Electrical for the Salt Lake City, Utah Home Settlers Wanted For Our Irrigated Farm Lands 24 Years to Pay

Investigate our irrigated lands in Millard county, Utah.

The most exceptional offer for settlers in the state. Plenty of

water, canals all built to the land, beautiful bench lands, wells for domestic water, electric lights, telephone and 35 miles of new railroad running from Delta to Fillmore, running right through our project. Land and water $110 per acre, 24 years

to pay, only $2 per acre down, no payment whatever for two years following, then 22 years on the balance. Investigate now.

Sevier River Land & Water Co.

Preston Nibley, Sales Agent 322 Ness Building Salt Lake, Utah

Build Yourself a College

Not with brick and mortar, but with Books. Books

are the distilled wisdom of the world's great thinkers. From

them you get inspiration, knowledge and information of a practical turn. Or, if you choose, just sheer amusement.

You can be a bigger man and grow into a bigger and more responsible job if you get prepared by consistent and regular reading.

It is our specialty to help young men choose good books to read. Tell us what your interests

are and we will mail to you, free of charge, a list of books you will like to read and possess. Write

today.

DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 E. So. Temple Salt Lake City

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS. PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT

''The Sign o-F Good minds"See Cream Candy * * Cake * SIX RETAIL STORES PHONE WAS. 3223 (imcheom

I. Factory Z. C. M.

Summit Shoes A strong, serviceable Shoe for the farm worker, the laborer, or the man whose work demands a Shoe for

service.

Ask your dealer for them

Every Day in Every Way We're Getting Stronger and

Stronger THE BIG HOME COMPANY Issues The Best There is in Life Insurance

Assets Over Five Millions You Need Our Insurance We Want Your Business

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO.

HEBER J. GRANT, Pres. LORENZO N. STOHL, Mgr.

SALT LAKE WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA