THE BOOK OF MORMON:

account written bj the band of Mormon, ANupon plates, taken from the plates of Neplii.

Wherefore it is an abridgment of the Record of tho People of Nephi, and also of the Lamanites; written to the Lamanitea, which are

a remnant of tho House of Israel; and also to

Jew and Gentile; written by way of commandment, and also by the spirit of Prophecy

and of Revelation. Written, and sealed up,

and hid up unto the Lord, that they might not be destroyed; to come forth by the gift and

power of God unto the interpretation thereof;

sealed by the hand of Moroui, and hid up unto the Lord, to come forth in due time by the way of Gentile; the interpretation thereof by

the gift of God; an abridgment taken from

the Book of Ether.

Also, which is a Record of the People of J i- red, which were scattered at the time the l,oiii confounded the language, of the people whrn they were building a tuwer to get to Heaven

Which is to shew unto the remit mt of the

House of Israel how gieat things the Luid hath done for their fathers: and that they may

know the covenants of the Lour., that they are

not cast off forever; ami ako to the convincing of the Jew and Gentile that J Kits i- the

CimisT. the Ctt.un a i. Goo. manifesting Himsiiit"unto all nations. And now if there he

fault, it be the mistake of men; wherefore

condemn not the things of Con. that ye may

be found spotless at tho judgement seat of

C'HnisT. * * *

The above work, containing about GOO pa ges, large Duodecimo, is now for sale, whole sale and retail, at the Palmyra Bookstore, by

HOWARD U GRANDIN.

Palmyra, March 26. 1830. 339

The Improvement Era November 1960

Special Book of Mormon Issue

Get the Bonus Education Of a Great Church University

BALANCED EDUCATIONAt BYU, a church institution, students receive education of the mind, body, and spirit together in an ideal social climate. Church leaders speak every week in

devotional assembly, every student takes a class in religion, and a complete stake of 28 wards is active on campus.

FRIENDLY, DEMOCRATIC SPIRITStudent activities at BYU are tremendously successful because students are friendly, club and church activities are open to all, counseling is available, and students reside in pleasant group accommodations. BYU has all the advantages of a big university, yet all the attention and friendliness of

a small college.

HIGH ACADEMIC STANDARDSThe doors of

BYU are open to all who can meet its academic standards. These standards are high, but they

pay dividends in the long run, for BYU graduates are in demand over the nation.

OUTSTANDING FACULTYThe BYU faculty has been trained in a hundred universities and colleges. The adequate staff means a proper student-teacher ratio for more personal attention.

FINEST FACILITIESThe beautiful new buildings at BYU provide finest living accommodations, classrooms, and laboratories, and further expansion is now under way.

Plan NOW to Attend Second Semester Begins Feb. 6, 1961

TO: Public Relations Department Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah

Please send me free of charge additional information about BYU. I am especially interested in Brigham Young

Name Address UNIVERSITY City State PROVOUTAH CHOCOLATE

Smart new party cookie

BY DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS. JR.

American Elephants

At Ixtapan in Mexico the complete skeleton of an elephant has been found with two spearheads embedded between the ribs. The

discovery was made by the Mexican specialists MaldonadoKoerdell and

Luis Avelcyra. Dr. Helmut de Terra

who has made many discoveries of very early man in America believes that it is more than probable that the early Indian hunters were responsible for the disappearance of many of these early great mammals.

Rich but Poor

"Material wealth often seems to be associated with spiritual poverty,"concludes J. Eric S. Thompson of

the Carnegie Institution of Washington, referring to the highland Maya civilization of Guatemala and Mexico of the Classic Period which started about 325 A.D.

Ancient Pottery

Professor Gordon R. Willey notes

in Science that at present the earliest dates based on radiocarbon measurements establish the use of pottery.

In Middle America the date is about 1500 B.C. in Mexico (Early Zacatenco Valley) and Guatemalan

Highlands (Las Charcas), though the origin of potterv may go back to about 2500 B.C. For Peru the earliest pottery appears on the north

coast at an average date of 1200 to 1000 B.C.

NOVEMBER I960 769 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for November 1960 Volume 63, Number 11

Church Features

The Editor's Page: Three Witnesses of the Book of Mormon, ART AND PHOTO CREDITS:

President David O. McKay 790 Era Staff, 783, 784, 797, 804, 810

Your Question: This Life Is the Time for Men to Prepare to Meet God, FernaudEdward Grigware,Rausser, 790Harris Weberly,

President Joseph Fielding Smith 792 RobertAlvirt Perine,Gittins, Photo,79479.5799

The Church Moves On, 775; Melchizedek Priesthood Course of Study, 776; Melehizedek ChurchDale Kilboum,Historian's803 Office, 802

Priesthood Page, A Modern Missionary Approach, 838; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 840. H.ErnstArmstrongWittke, photo,Roberts,838photo, 842

YOUTH SECTION:

Special Features Art: V. Douglas Snow, 861, 862

Dale Kilbourn, 863 New Assistants to the Council of the Twelve 778 LewMax Merrhn,Tharpe, photo,Monkmeyer,864-5 piioto, 867

Scenes from the Book of Mormon (Color Insert): Reproductions of Original EraRuthstaff,Widmar,869 photos, 868, 871

Paintings by Arnold Friberg 816 to 824 Virginia Sargent, 870

Prophets of God Bear Witness of the Sacred Record 794

The Formation of the Book of Mormon Plates, Eldin Ricks 796

A Writer Looks at the Book of Mormon, Helen Hinckley Jones... 798

Where Are the Original Manuscripts? Albert L. Zobell, Jr 802

How to Teach the Book of Mormon, William E. Berrett 804

The Prophet Writes a Letter. 809

Bibliotherapy, Sterling W. Sill 810

Conversions through the Book of Mormon 814 THE COVER:

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 782, 789 Fromcome thisthe mostEra artinterestingdepartmentcover hasdesign.

is thenotTHE ERA OF YOUTH 861872 Thecomposedperpendicularof hieroglyphs,columnbut

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 769; These Times: The Struggle for Society letters( Try reading"Book ofit withMormon"a mirror.set in) Theretype.

G. Homer Durham, 784. is also a brayer, or printer's ink

cover. "high light"of the the StudentsA Little Late, R. Don Oscarson 783 roller. The newspaper clipping is a nearly spent have of Mormonism

lifetime studying historic "problems."

Dr. Francis W. Kirkham, after

search, methodical discoveredToday's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor patient,

advertisements in the two small of the W;iyne On Thanksgiving Day 842 Palmyra, pages New York,Sentinel,and publishedobtained at

first, in of them. The Dressing Data 4g photostatsthe paper 19, dated 1830, March

are requested The Seven Stages of Thankfulness 852 the"We'Book reads: of Mormon'to willannouncebe readythat

for sale in the course of a week."The

following week the announcement on

Stories, Poetry ourappeared,cover, datingtaken fromwithoutthe question,photostat, the first Book was of Mormon It is released. interesting to note that

firstStranger in the LandPart 2, Conclusion, Joan Tingey Essig 806 thewhen paragraphs of two the follow original thePoetry 776, 780, 782, 836, 855, 856, 857, 858 wordingannouncementof the of the title page

Book of Mormon.

The three stars indicate an omission the omitted The words are: "BY SMITH, original.JOSEPH JUNTOR,The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, 11, Utah Authorfrom Proprietor,"in and used the

first fill edition to requirements of David O. and McKay Ed, tors; L. Evans Green, Doyle Managing ABBA C. Josephson, M ManaginAlbebt the copyright law. L Zobfll Edor. Editorial John Kinneab, RichardC B. L.Flobence Editor;Todays Family Ed.tor; MarionAssociate Hanks Youth EditorFEra D Editor; of Elain is In the a "tag"our The Era cover on of Youth pen Associate Editor; & Associate;Ralph Reynolds and Art Ed Pinnock.Maryov Directors

F. Archibald of Bennett, the sketch of printing type press C Homer Durham, S. Franklin Harris, R. Jr., Hunter, Hugh Sperry, B. Contributing Editors from editions early of which the F Snabr, Subscription A. Glen Director; - S"'Nibley,*-"- Cr< M.lton""** Sidney*** V- of forth. Book came Mormon Gannon,KK"'EgSfitigg*"Research

blished ',he Improvement Christ of Latterday Saints. PV

1S"- except special issues, subscrlPttonst! Lltual S35 o V'Associations!wm*,,,1 'f bSfun Inv'anC'. "U, '"'fr '"""! "19r7, iniUnSadvance;ofU,hc**"Church October *"&>rMcopy,offJesus<*"for*?*""p alnoHS'n ff'j'ulvc?'2 '1WIS All rights,,, ";"f b >'.

lithographed '"'"''"*** f ** "**"AddreSS Cover Thirty days'notice1 is required for changeIIressof addressas wellI asas tr?the new i",ginduhdT'**"inC'"de """by Deseret News Press.in full color

770 THE IMPROVEMENT EHA Make this a Reading Christmas with selections from

. SECRETS OF A HAPPY LIFE

DAVID O. McKAY

Compiled by Llewelyn R. McKay

Here's the perfect giftbook for friends and family members, regardless of age, faith, or walk of life.

President McKay names the necessary ingredients of happiness, tells how all can obtain this blessing; shares

his views on marriage an the home, religion, education, and government.

Final chapter lists ten sources of reads like a happiness. This book mti&Mmi rereading again novel, deserves

and again. i-:V-'.'-i::-::v;''!

Publn/ier/ nationally by PrenticeHall, Inc. 3.50

2. Answers to Gospel Questions

Volume III, Joseph Fielding Smith

This THIRD volume in a significant series contains many new and challenging questions, a majority of them never in print before and from President Smith's private file. Includes answers on

following: Salvation of Women Whose Husbands Will Not

Embrace the Gospel, What Is A Testimony?, The Present Status

of the Lamanites, and many others of vital concern, a) Volume I 2.50 b) Volume II 2.50 2.50

3. So Shall Ye Reap Ezra Taft Benson

Foreword by Herbert Hoover; Introduction by

Use the handy Harold B. Lee; Compiled by Reed A. Benson

mail order coupon In this bounteous volume of speeches, Elder Benson speaks on on page 4 America, the home, youth, the Church, and agriculture.

Open a convenient HollywoodIncluded in Bowlthe selections:on Easter;"He"TheIs Risen,"Doors AredeliveredOpen,"atgiventhe at the

-day Charge Account Swiss Temple dedication; "Pay Thy Debts and Live,"many

others. Illustrations. a 05

NOVEMBER 1960 771 Youth of the Noble Birthright A series of fireside addresses by the 4 Toward a GeneralJesusAuthoritiesChrist of Latterdayof the ChurchSaintsof informative A thoughtful, book for young Better Life to read with fourteen fullpage people—easy

Mark E. Petersen illustrationsThe Generaland Authoritiesfrontispiecediscussof Presidentsuch topicsMcKay.as:

This dynamic collection includes over forty Courtship and Marriage, Young People Want addresses and articles given or written by Parental Advice, Youth and the Car, etc.

Elder Petersen for people of all ages and 1.75

on a variety of subjects. Selections include:

"On My Honor,"The Vision of Nephi, 9. True to the Faith

B. Harold Lee to YourAdd Mormons Why Faith—Virtue,

to return Build Temples, "Shall the Youth of Zion toYoungthe purepeopleandaretimelessencouraged Laws of God

Falter,"and others. times of distress in this readable discoursein

3.50 byforElderteens Lee.and Thisyoungis adultsan idealto "extraexpressgift"the

true spirit of Christmas.

.50

Missionary Study Guide Joseph F. Cook and Joseph C. Rich, Jr.

A questionand-answer book that explores LDS doctrine to give a knowledge of scriptures and an understanding of the

Restored Gospel. Prepared by two returned missionaries, this

makes an ideal gift for prospective missionaries, missionaries at home and abroad, and students of the Gospel.

2.95

A Reader for the Teacher Compiled by

large unique and volume of teaching READER AaidsA. Hamer Reiser taken from Instructor The FOR THE over the years. It discusses disciplinemagazinein

use of visualaid materials, TEACHER writingthe classroom, how to organize lessons, are by prominent LDSetc. Theseteachers,

living and deceased.,

3.50 10. Journey Into Light

Tf tufraesw* John T. Bernhard

An absorbing book that offers insight into the mystery of conversion.

Dr. Bernhard, while a student at Utah

State University, became a convert alter extensive study and great soulsearching.

v. Joseph Smith, I 1.50

The Man and The Seer i Dr. Hyrum L. Andrus -!,y% 11. Stories From

Brigham Young University Mormon History

New material from eyewitness accounts, Alma P. and Clea M. Burton

both friends and foes of the Prophet, Littleknown stories as well as better history known early ones from Mormon has been gathered in together this in this single are collected together single volume insight into to give new to a wealth provide of volume the character spiritual and stimulating powers of for reading material SMITH JOSEPH teachers, Smith. speakers, Joseph parents, of these and youth original Many the seer the mail and -all gift. this will find a welcome accounts of whom have not been published

before. iVSU! 3.50

2.50

772 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Faith in A Day of Unbelief David H. Yarn, Jr.

Stimulating, thoughtprovoking reading that crystallizes the "First

Principles"in a compact form. Written

by Dr. Yarn, Dean of the College of

Religious Instruction at Brigham

Young University, this book vividly explains the Church to nonmembers as well as members. | 95

Teen Dating and Marriage Mark E. Petersen

This highlyreadable little volume makes the perfect "extra"gift for a teenager or a teenage parent.

It's Elder Petersen's popular discourse given in the 1959 October General Conference. Illustrated.

1.00

Booh Co.

44 East South Temple -- Salt Lake City, Utah 1

Do your Christmas Shopping the easy way: use the handy

mail order coupon on next page,

14. How We Got the Book of Mormon

E. Cecil McGavin

This colorful book calls attention to fascinating material on the Book of Mormon that casual readers often miss. It discusses the Small

Plates, the Lost Manuscript the Prophet was translating, and other interesting data in a freeflowing, easyto-read manner. 1

Scripturizers Compiled and presented by Hugh W. Pinnock

Helpful aids for missionaries, teachers, and students to learn scriptures easier and quicker.

Contains 300 cards with necessary scriptures from LDS Standard Works for presenting Gospel.

2.95 Includes Set A plus 200 additional cards.

Invaluable aids in preparing lessons, speeches.

4.95

NOVEMBER I960 773 Pocket Series

Triple Combination

Contains Book of Mormon, Doctrine and Covenants, and Pearl of Great Price a) Black Leather b) Genuine handgrained Morocco Leather 7.00

c) White Leather 6.75

19. Missionary X1NEW LDS

Pocket Bible Missionary Pocketsize edition of the LDS (Cambridge) Missionary Bible, complete with LDS Ready Library Set Reference and Concordance.

a) Black Genuine Leather 8.50 Contains the following books bound

b) White Leather 10.00

in black cape morocco leather:

is desired, of $34.00Hymn Book Missionary Bible* *I(costindexedwill be MissionarySI.50 more Bibleor total

Newest in pocketsize editions. Triple Combination for set. Please specify if you wish the

Contains all the LDS hymns binding to be limp or half circuit.

Black Leather 3.95 Jesus the Christ

James E. Talmage 32.50 complete set

Articles of Faith (This is a savings of 82 when you buy

James E. Talmage ratherthese leatherboundthan individually.)books in the set

Co. DeseretBBooh

----* 44 East South Temple - Salt Lake City. Utah, v.,.

i"(MJJ'l\"LmHJIl!ll.,Mp|HP'>'MJ

DESERET BOOK COMPANY

44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

Gentlemen: Enclosed you will find [ ] check [ ] money order

] I have an account. Please charge. Amount enclosed for

(encircled) numbered books: $

1 2 a b 3 4.5 6 7 8 9

10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 a b c 19 a b 20

City Zone State Residents of Utah include 2M>% sales tax.

774 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THE VISTADOME

Zephyr The Church...THE ONLY

Moves On THROUGH TRAIN FROM August 1960 SALT LAKE CITY

the senior division (Arizona) of the allMesa Eighth won TO OAKLANDsoftball defeating tournament Church Provo Thirteenth by (Utah) by a score of 4-0; Inglewood (California) won third

place with a forfeit victory over Canoga Park (California); Pleasant SAN FRANCISCO

Green (Utah) took fourth place with their 3-2 score over Mesa

Sixth ( Arizona ); and Wellsville ( Utah ) defeated Taylorsville Third an of Central 4-1. (Utah),

division, the In junior (Arizona) defeated Creek Queen BonneCalifornia Points ville ( Salt 6-2 score. City ( California Arcadia Lake placed ) by a )

third with a 17-4 win over Provo Second (Utah); Reseda (California) took fourth over Rupert First (Idaho) with a 3-1 score.

Colonial Hills Second (Salt Lake City) defeated Alhambra (California) 8-0.

The sportsmanship trophies -went to Taylorsville Third (senior division) and to Rupert First (junior division).

George Stapley (Mesa Eighth) was named "most valuable player"in the senior division, and in the junior division a like honor was given Bill Ricks of Queen Creek. Harvey Glade ( Provo 13th

was chosen "most outstanding player"in the seniors; Jay Robinson,

(Reseda) in the juniors.

The trophies were presented by Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the

Council of the Twelve and Elder Marv Pugh of the YMMIA general board.

"The Most TalkedAbout Train in the

Elders Elden L. Ord and Robert W. Rands sustained as Country"... the VistaDome streamcounselors to President Emerson L. Crawley of Covina liner with luxurious Pullmans and

(California) Stake. They succeed Elders Jack H. West and spacious, lowcost VistaDome Chair

David D. Felshaw.

Elder R. Raymond Barnes sustained as president of Denver Cars... travels over the High Sierra

West (Colorado) Stake, succeeding President Thomas L. Kimball, and down the entire length of Caliwhom he served as first counselor. Elder Russell C. Taylor, formerly fornia's Feather River Canyon during

second counselor, sustained as first counselor. Elder Alan Roberts daylight hours.

sustained as second counselor.

Elder Milton A. Romrell sustained as second counselor to Leaves Salt Lake City

President Paul W. Ahlstrom of Idaho Falls (Idaho) Stake, succeedevery evening at 10:15 P.M.

ing Elder Edgar J. Mason. For reservations—call

DAvis 2-5741 September 1960

Pikes Peak (Colorado) Stake, organized from parts of the Western States Mission with Elder Ralph M. Gardner susWESTERN

tained as president, and Elders Harry A. Scurr and Dan W. Stoddard as counselors. Wards are Colorado Springs, Colorado PACIFIC

Springs Second, Pueblo, Pueblo (Concluded on page 825) 27 W. South Temple Street

or Union Depot Salt Lake City

NOVEMBEfl 1960 775 Melchizedek

theBOOKMORMON Priesthood Course of Study

With the approval of the First being published this month to add

Presidency, the Melchizedek Priestinterest and incentive to the reading hood committee announces that the of the Book of Mormon, including

Melchizedek Priesthood course of a reproduction of the Book of MorTURKEYS & study for 1961 will be the reading of mon paintings by Arnold Friberg in the Book of Mormon. color and under one cover, and other

further articles to appear durPOTATOES theThisMelchizedekmeans thatPriesthoodeach memberwill beof withsignificant, supplementary material succeeding months. of to read average an asked about ing

It in this is natural month standard one of the works of As of the of ten pages Book Mormon of Thanksgivand November the Church, and as a companion fifteen (or each about pages week that attention ing be focused on the fine foods produced in for each thirtyfive lessons) and book to the Bible, the Book of Morthe Intermountain Area, parcome to class prepared to discuss the mon is a vitally important source of ticularly on Utah's turkeys particular pages prescribed. instruction in the principles of the

and Idaho's famed potatoes. A brief lesson outline with suggospel of Jesus Christ. Students who

of the read have will Book turkeys 2,955,000 Mormon Some to gestions has quorum members it this in year, raised find in Utah times be inexhaustible many prepared Brother been Daniel H. by less will than be and its 15% rich source rewarding and mateof UniverBrigham Ludlow Young in Utah. market consumed A rial for clearer a of understanding sity, in priestconsultation the with for the other be found must divine principles purposes. and committee. hood of will these birds Many 85%. presidencies, Stake Melchizedek sold through be Safeway lesson outline addilonger with A of Priesthood high the committees nation, across Stores as the tional suggestions and background councils, are bishoprics urged and locally. well as for instructor material each quorum this their to give matter earnest most also will Russets Idaho also Brother has prepared been by attention to the and encouragement tables dinner across reach

America through some 2000 Ludlow. end that every holder of the MelSafeway Stores. Safeway Following this reading through of chizedek Priesthood may pledge

opens up a marketing area in the Book of Mormon for 1961, it is himself to reading the Book of Mor23 states from coast to coast presently planned that there will be mon through in the year 1961.

to sell help Idaho farmers topical discussion of a of the Book It is First of the the urgent hope their surplus provide the and year, for the following Mormon the priesthood Presidency comand in best potatoes the for world 1962. of that the every bearer mittee Melits customers.

Last year Safeway purThis special Book of Mormon chizedek Priesthood will read the chased more than $1 million issue of The Improvement Era is Book of Mormon in the year 1961.

in Utah turkeys and $2 million in Idaho potatoes.

is This one Safeway way this into room, you welcome FOR We A GUEST ROOM serves the profarmer and hope, home,"from away "A home we finest vides the of foods for that you'll find wish the here peace And its customers. BY grope. which For men

FRIEND OF THE FAMILY CHRISTIE LUND COLES We welcome you into this room;

FRIEND OF THE FARMER We say a blessing on your head

That your dreams may all be starry sweet

In this clean bed.

And may the morning find your heart SAFEWAY Dawntoned with singing, and sunbright!

And may you soon return again To spend the night.

776 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to 20% GIVE YOUR FAMILY SAVINGSCONVENIENCEup of books delivered to your door A MEMBERSHIP METHODICAL way to add to your library FOR BEST NEW LDS BOOKS CHRISTMAS

HOW TO JOIN

Send your check or money order for one or more of these books. Each

month you will receive reviews of several fine books. To get the top

book you do nothing—it will be sent

postpaid with a statement. If you

do not want the book, return the postcard provided for an alternate (or none at all). Buy as few as

one book every three months to keep your membership active.

LDS BOOKS CLUB

P.O. Box 385, Salt Lake City 7, Utah

( ) Please send more information.

Please enroll me as a member of the LDS

Books Club and send me the books indi-

P. 0. BOX 385, SALT LAKE CITY 7, UTA cated.

Name Please rush me the following books: Address

"L.D.S. Reference Encyclopedia,"$5.00 ( ); "Doctrine and Covenants Compendium,"City

$5.95 ( ): "Book of Mormon Stories for Young Latterday Saints,"$3.25 ( ); State

"A Basic Course in Genealogy,"Vol. 1, $3.95 ( ); Vol. 2, $3.95 ( ). Amount of check or money order enclosed

If you do not wish to mutilate this page, please send information required on $ separate sheet. (Nov. 1960) (Utah residents add 2Vi% sales tax.)

NOVEMBER I960 777

useDon Lyman's SURE MEAL to reduce! New

calories metered with food The complete at their best. Assistants to protein fat—Low calorie High—Low

the Council S Control 'Your Weight of the Twelve You When you have Can Lose reached your dewith Weight sired weight, continue to Assistants the CounThree new to SURB use MEAL one Meal / priests long of the Twelve—high once each this will cil day—Sure /

It's sure! safe and help of crucible to the in you Church schooled maintain a good /

calorie cuts your nutritional f balance also help and at sustained the leadership—were maintainwhile intake to you—keep the intake of calories session of the Saturday morning vigor health ing your and control. under If you gain with

through proper nutrition. one Sure Meal, you can cut the semiannual general conference, OcSure Meal is a scientifically calories in your ordinary meals or tober 8, 1960. They are President

use else! or three two Sure a Meals planned day of the Calgary Tanner Eldon Nathan food—nothing

for short periods to bring about slowly or can reduce You Stake, President (Alberta, Canada) the control I you want you when it use—can Sure with Meal—rapidlyYou of the Richards NorthFranklin D. use there's Sure Meal countno lost have you—3 times a day until

II -it calories- s ing a ne States for do youly western the part of all substantial or a weight you want to lose. tt0.*r Mission, and

For best long range results use President Theoday with twice a Sure Meal skim dore M. Burton,

milk or and have milk powdered one other low calorie meal each IpWp recently released day, until you have taken off the as president of weight you wish to lose. I the West German Mission.

The number of - '.. Assistants to the

Council of the Save Money now NATHAN ELDON Twelve Feel \ TANNER is serving eleven. 'Better less costs ordiSure Meal the than Elder Tanner it nary replaces, at meal the and weight I no had in time, was born same the sure you can be * I enbut problem,

will be meal nutritiously sound. Salt City, Lake * just Meal Sure joy serving of oz. Sure One Meal (% use I it's been good. because having

1 with when mixed cup milk of regularly it breakfast for 9, born May will furnish the individual normal along drink as a sometimes and with Canada, essential the 1898. elements food to It helps meals. other -9#** with my for one complete consisting meal however, has essential the with body supply my vegetables, of meat, butbread and minhis vitamins been and elements, home food ter, beverage. and a pep. for more I needed erals that he was since

If afford to eat can you you—Meal."Sure old. three better years with feel "I can afford SURE MEAL! In Church lead-

/. FRANKLINRICHARDSD. ership he has

If you just want to try SURE MEAL, send for the 20 -meal size. But if you serveddent of asthepresiEd-

have a lot of weight to lose, order the economical 40meal size at only $9.00, monton Branch,

or the case of 6-40 -meal containers for only $45.00. That's 240 meals at less bishop of the

than 19c each. Send for yours today. Cardston First

Ward ( having Don Lyman & Associates I may be interested in selling SURE MEAL FJ previously

E. 9th South 1087 as a served counPhone EM 3-9674

City, Salt Utah Free Delivery Lake selor in that Vanilla fj Defatted Chocolate Q send Please bishopric and );

SURE MEAL Bland Butterscotch Maple was serving as a of the member Size Meal 20 $ 4.75 Name THEODORE of council BURTON M. high

Size 9.00 Address 40 Meal

6-40 Meal Size (Case).... 45.00 fj City and State

778 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA...a that works for you GIANT

Most giants in storybooks are pictured as feroto handle any printing need you have, either in cious monsters that thrive on blood and thunder. full color or a single color.

There's a giant in the press room of Deseret Complete facilities at the Deseret News Press

News Press, however, that thrives on ink and plant provide you with electroplating for extralong paper and plenty of hard work. This giant is the runs, speedy typesetting, large selection of paper

twocylinder Miehle Rotary color press pictured stocks and modern bindery work.

above. However large or small your printing needs

The Improvement Era is typical of the work may be, let Deseret News Press put its giants or produced on this giant press. Sheets of paper up its smaller helpers to work for you.

to 52 by 76 inches in size can be printed in two colors at a time at the rate of 5,500 per hour on this giant press. In one eighthour shift the press can Color Reproduction Catalogs

consume some 11,000 pounds of lightweight publiEdition Work Pamphlets cation paper. Missionary Programs Cards

Invitations Letterheads In addition to this giant, the Deseret News.Magazines Office Forms

Press has many other presses in a variety of sizes

Sales Office: 33 Richards St.

Plant: Industrial Center,

Redwood RoadDeseret News Press Salt Lake City, Utah

Letterpress Lithography Electrotyping Binding

NOVEMBER I960 779

EZj PVll I the East Lethbridge Stake when he O was called in November 1953, to serve as president of the then newly formed Calgary Stake. Although he

began his career as a schoolteacher, he has been associated with the extensive development of oil resources in Alberta. He and Sister Tanner

are the parents of five daughters.

Elder Richards was born in Ogden, to be cherished today and through the years Utah, November 17, 1900. Since

January 1960 he has presided in the

Northwestern States Mission with headquarters in Portland,. Oregon.

From 1923 to 1934 he was a practising attorney in Salt Lake City. In

1934 he was assigned to the Federal

Housing Administration directorship of Utah, serving until 1941, when he became assistant commissioner of the

FHA in charge of eleven western states for seven years. He served as

an FHA commissioner in Washington, D. C, from 1947 to 1952. Since

then he has been in the mortgage banking business. He has held important Church assignments wherever he has lived. He and Sister

Richards have four children.

Elder Burton, who was born in Salt Lake City, March 27, 1907, served as a young man in the SwissGerman Mission, then as bishop of the Logan ( Utah ) Fourth Ward, also as a member of the Cache Stake high council as high priests'quorum president there. He was called as

president of the West German Misthe New Testament on records sion in 1957, returning only two

Version beautiful complete King James A gift—the

records. of Testament on 16% RPM No months ago to his home in Logan. the New

deletions, no additions, no sectarian comments. At present he is professor of chem34.95 istry at Utah State University, Logan,

16% adapter 1.98 Utah. Elder Burton received his

Treasures of Truth binder doctor of philosophy degree from

These beautiful white leatherette binders Purdue University (Indiana) in 1951.

gift especially appropriate an make son. Sister Burton one have and for He

girls. MIA these three welcomes Church The rings 2.75 1"rings 1.85 V/i"

division pages 25c ea. new Assistants to the Council of the

Joseph Smith, The Man and the Seer Twelve. May they serve long in the

A new book by Hyrum L. Andrus brings richly rewarding assignment that is

together eyewitness accounts which emtheirs.

the wellrounded character phasize of ( More complete biographical arti- 2.50 Prophet. the

L D S Reference Encyclopedia cles will appear in a future issue

Melvin R. Brooks new volume is a must of the Era.

for missionaries, leaders, and students.

Alphabetical listing of over 2,000 religious subjects. 5.00

ZCMI SHOPPING SERVICE

P. O. Box 1229, Salt Lake City 10, Utah

Quan. Item Price GRANDCHILDREN'S VISIT

BY CATHERINE MAGEE

Name They're gone but not forgotten, since

Address Our walls are "done"in fingerprints.

State Zone... City

for first book, 5c ZCMI BOOKSStreet Floor Include 9c shipping charge each additional. Utah residents add 2V2%

state tax. 780 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CONTAINS ALL OF THESE ADVANTAGES:

King James Version of the Holy of Great Price in LARGER TYPE

Bible in LARGE TYPE, center than heretofore used.

column references, and concordCOMBINATION REFERENCE ances. to all four books by Eld in Ricks,

completely revised for this edition.

The Book of Mormon, The Doc- A family genealogical record trine & Covenants, and The Pearl section.

AND THESE SPECIAL FEATURES:

Seventytwo color illustrations on special papers: new Bible maps, masterpieces by Rembrandt, Sir Joshua Reynolds, Rubens, Murillo, others.

Arnold Friberg illustrations of The Book of Mormon.

Portrait paintings of The Prophet Presidents and mural scenes from the

Garden Room of the Los Angeles Temple, reproduced in full color.

Entire Cody mural in large foldout, showing pictorial history of the Church.

Color pictures of all LDS Temples.

Now available in a limited first edition at a very reasonable price PUBLISHEDsy DESERET BOOK CO. EXCLUSIVELY FOR

WHEELWRIGHT PUBLICATIONS, INC.

971 South West Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

And sold only through personal representatives

THE HOLY SCRIPTURES

is bound in a deepblue, topWHEELWRIGHT PUBLICATIONS, INC.

grain cowhide with a fullcolor 971 SOUTH WEST TEMPLE / SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH

picture of the Angel Moroni on the front. Complete thumb Gentlemen: NAME;

index and name in gold I would like to have your available. personal representative call ADDRESS.

and show me The Holy Scriptures of the Church of Jesus CITY ZONE.

Christ of Latterday Saints.

I am interested in becomPHONE STAKE.

ing a dealer of The Holy Scriptures in my area.

NOVEMBER I960 781 Inseparable from ourselves...

RICHARD L. EVANS

Last week we cited some thoughts on facing problems and opportunities, and on the fruitlessness of

THE seeking to outrun ourselves. And from Horace we

SPOKEN recalled a comment quoted by Montaigne: "Reason WORD

and sense remove anxiety, Not houses that look out upon the sea. Why should we move to find countries and climates

of another kind? What exile leaves himself behind?"1 Today we

would further pursue this subject of being inseparable from ourselves. Constantly, ceaselessly, we are keeping company with

ourselves. Inseparably we live with ourselves, with our own

thoughts, whether they are deep or shallow, clean or unclean, happy or unhappy—which suggests the great importance of learning, of

repenting, of improving, of becoming more acceptable within ourselves. When someone observed that a certain person did not appear

to be much improved by his travels, Socrates said: "I very well believe it, for he took himself along with him."2 "We owe to our first

journeys,"observed Emerson, "the discovery that place is nothing. At

home I dream that at Naples, at Rome, I can be intoxicated with beauty and lose my sadness. I pack my trunk, embrace my friends,

embark on the sea and at last wake up in Naples, and there beside me is the stern Fact, the sad self, unrelenting, identical that I fled from.... Nothing can bring you peace but yourself."3 Montaigne

further added "We carry our fetters along with us:... we must...

Samsonite AllSteel regain possession of ourselves,"4 And Caleb Colton referred to "travFolding Chairs go through eled bodies, but untravelled minds."5 The broadening influences,

torturous spring training.. socalled,ened. Thisaredoesn'tbroadeningonly pertainonly ifto theretravel,isbuta basealso tothateducation,can be broadto art,

USE AND ABUSE impressionto attitudes,important,to the learningbut alsoof allthethesubstancelessons of uponlife. Notwhichonlytheis imthe

print is impressed. There must be character and capacity and

principle, purpose and and solid substance within ourselves, a andTESTS PROVE clean and comfortable conscience, "For as [he] thinketh in his heart, as his soul so is he,""and is inside him, so shall constant be his mostSAMSON ITE'S companion. our endless And earnest and always, aim wherever

STRENGTH weselvesare,inside.should be to have a selfrespecting relationship with our-

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Columbia Broadcasting System, August 21, 1960. Copyright 1960.

Also available, 1 PlastiShield Chair Quoted by Montaigne, Solitude, accredited to Of Horace.

vinyl with 2Quoted by Montaigne, Solitude, accredited to Socrates. Of bonded to seat 3Emerson, SelfReliance.

Montaigne, Of Solitude.

"Caleb C. Colton.

cProverbs 23:7.

GIANTS can't hurt these chairs, thanks to electrically welded tube steel. You also get comfort... contour seats and backrests; easy folding... legs glide open; safety... selfadjusting hinges won't slip; finish "NATURAL COMPENSATION"

... snagfree, chip and rustresist-

ant. 11 colors. BY JOHN McNAIR

now at a new low price When winter comes with snow and sleet,

No lawn to mow, is such a treat.Samsonite No shrubs to spray and weeds won't growfolding chairs

Leaving me time to shovel snow.

For church, school, club, other group seating info., see Yellow Pages or

write: Shwayder Bros., Institutional

Seating Division, Dept. IE110, Detroit 29, Michigan.

782 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Little Late A BY R. DON OSCARSON

It's hard for me to understand as one o'clock moved from an alert, for it our Pilgrim Fathers gave why, when the host says "We'll eat expectant hour to a weary 4:30 thanks."

at one o'clock sharp,"I find at 2:30 where clock hands, conversation, "Before we begin let's all name

p.m. (when our tribe arrives) the and failing physical strength apseven things we are thankful for as

potatoes are just being peeled. proached fatigue. Only the frequent we take each kernel from our plates."

Late starts, I have come to bereassurance that "It will be ready Potatoes and cranberries were lieve, are part of Thanksgiving trasoon"gave us the courage to consuddenly unimportant.

dition. tinue. Kernels represented gratitude for

A good case in point was one year Suddenly from the kitchen, a life from one who had been saved when one returned missionary, one command! from death by faith and a surgeon's

recent convert, one young Hungar- "Sit down quick while it's still hand; another for a new meaning to

ian refugee, two students, three hot!"life just found, two or three more

couples, an assortment of children Knees smashed into table legs in for new children, one for a Hun- (mixed genders, scrambled sizes, the excitement and willingness to garian's freedom at the price of opposing naptimes), some dried obey. home, family, and country.... Seven

corn, and a multitude of "you Then... SILENCEnot born from each of us represented a year's

bring,"were drawn together by an of reverence but of surprise—surharvest of gratitude and thanksinvitation to Thanksgiving dinner. rounded the table so laden with the giving.

"Dinner ivill be a little late. But skilfully prepared results of a bounNo one noticed the shadows

then it will give us a chance to tiful year. creeping up the wall. No one cared

visit,"reassured the hostess, little On each plate, where turkey and that butter had stopped melting on realizing that even interesting contrimmings should be, rested seven the potatoes or that the rolls were versation with close friends could dry, hard kernels of corn. cold. Everyone was filled; a feast

not detract the stomach from the de- "Shortly after the Pilgrims settled that would not be forgotten when lightful aroma sent to it by the nose. in this land they planted crops,"bethe last dish was washed or the chilUnderstandingly, we all tried. gan one of the guests. "Seeds held dren put to bed.

Subjects changed as rapidly as the their hope for the future. So when If you should come to our home

children. the harvest was in and the seeds for for Thanksgiving dinner, I cannot

"What have you been doing?"spring stored away, they surveyed promise that we'll eat at one o'clock

"Another on the way!"their surplus. How much was left? sharp. That might break tradition.

"When will you graduate?"Not bushels nor baskets, not piles But I can promise a few kernels of

And nor pounds, only... seven kernels dry, hard corn in the center of your

"Haven't they grown,"continued each. This was their bounty, and plate.

NOVEMBER I960 783

These Times

Let Betty Crocker coupons help your group GET THESE VALUABLE ITEMS The Struggle for Society:

...and many more! Freedom versus Control

(So easy—Just save coupons from over

50 famous Genera/ Mills products) BY DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

PRESIDENT, ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY, TEMPE

Flatware... Popular "Twin

Star"Stainless, and "Queen Bess"

Pattern Silverware by Oneida Community Silversmiths. Is the world to be dominated, veloped farranging techniques and

Stainless Steel Cooktightlyevery detailcontrolled,by andone governedsystem inof jective.studies toTheaccomplishprincipal suchtributean paidobware... skillets, Dutch ovens, power? What shall be the shape to Stalin at his funeral in March

sauce pans and mixing bowls. and nature of human society on this 1953, involved his ability in developFamous Regal Ware brand. planet? More and more, these ing "organization"to accommodate

questions as loom the major conracial groups, many cultures, many... Melmac Dinnerware last cerns of the of decades nationalities, into the many one expandLifetime in exquisite colors, Ware twentieth century. ing political multinational organis ization. a complicated time, At the same this same

individual ap-... and many more! thing.HumanThesocietyhermit skill has the of evolution marked

Over 20,000 organizations of all pears to have no need, or at least the British Commonwealth of Natypes are now saving Betty Crocker little need, for human association. tions. It also underlies the success

coupons. Church groups are obtainBut from the family unit, extending and vitality of the United States of

to social vast outward the organiAmerica, "federal"printhe whereing gifts valuable for their own zations as states, national ciple known utilized scale was a on broad forchurches, churchsponsored treaty organizations, religions, first successfully world for the time. Thehomes, camps and orphanages both all trade associations, world the of and type same ingenuity unhuman thisin country overseas. and rest, see for intelligent derlies need the structure we of the United

Learn how your group can benconcern with the nature and charNations itself.

efit from this easy, desirable plan. acter of organization. The threat In the American, British, and UN

of world led whether communism, organization the schemes, underfor full informationSend about Russians or by Chinese, lying aggravates philosophy of organizationthe Betty Crocker Coupon situation. Club the current the the essential With emphasizes "independgivingPlan your and address name of telecommunications coming local and ence"of or units, other

and the name of your group (please flight, it has been apparent for at the necessity for their voluntarypluscoprint) to: least three decades that it would be operation in order to achieve the

Peggy Adams as easy to govern the world by the sense and purpose of community.

of the end twentieth as century, In any community, it a family be Mills, General Inc., Dept. 460

for the in Pharaohs it was Salt to govern City, or the Lake United Na400 Second Avenue South the Nile Valley four years tions, thousand relationships the the between Minneapolis 1, Minnesota ago. fall Understanding observers units know into the following catethat Russian communists have degories: ( Concluded on page 789 (Coupon Club Plan limited to the United States)

784 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HRISTMAS GIFT IDEAS

1. L.D.S. Reference 2. LeadershipVol. II 3. Doctrine and CovEncyclopedia By Sterling W. Sill enants Compendium

By Melvin R. Brooks Brilliantly written with hunBy Sidney B. Sperry

Will bring enlightenment to readable, understandable A stories to of develop endreds missionaries, teachers, scholars with over cyclopedia 2,000. ability.. whether leadership and leaders on the historical, history doctrine, topics on and

civic it doctrinal in business, church, be linguistic and phases Vital geography. information

of this Standard Works. social pursuits. or $5.95 $3.50 fingertips. at your $5.00

lfl4-

m

Order from your favorite Bookcraft dealer NOW!

(See order blank on page 788)

m*00i0.;>, ** im

jfi

ttess

Latterday'

.#:-'J:J

4. Portrait of a Prophet 5. You and Your 6. Stories from the Ten

By Norma J. Fischer Marriage Commandments for

An intimate, unusual glimpse By Hugh B. Brown Young Latterday Saints

into the boyhood, homelife, A marriage consultant careBy Emma Marr Petersen and married life of Joseph fully covers down - to - earth Side - by - side with each story

Smith. A keen insight resulting problems of marriage. Tells from the scriptures is a modern

of story application with modern how to get extensive from research iltruths. Richly of ageold into marriage. Fact—notthe mostfiction.out

facts. little known $3.00 lustrated. $2.75 $2.75

NOVEMBER I960 785 9. Giant of the Lord

By James S. Brown

Violence, hardship, suspense and terror, fill 7. Religious Truths Defined theraphypagesof aofvaliantthis whollypioneer.absorbingThe remarkableautobiogBy Joseph Fielding Smith, Jr. details make engrossing reading. $3.95

religious viewpoints of The many Live to Faith \ By faiths of vital dozens docon E. Petersen Mark By trinal points presented are along

Petersen's voice and Biblical with reteachings and long have potent pen been doctrine. vealed $3.95

sin, against wickedweapons ness and slothfulness. In this

volume he discusses home life, morality, parent and child relationships, leadership and divine authority, etc.

$3.50

ENTIRE FAMILY

10. Evidences and Reconciliations

By Dr. John A. Widtsoe

Arranged by G. Homer Durham

Originally printed in three volumes, this authoritative reference work has been compressed into one handy book containing all the original information. Provides clear answers to frequently asked gospel questions.

$3.95

11. Pathways to Happiness ":>

By David O. McKay

R. McKay Llewelyn by Compiled in 12. Basic Course A to beauty is and wisdom Here Genealogy skill with written soul, the inspire

Gardner, Harland Smith By and reflects Clearly imagination. and

1 Introduction VOL. to An—noble emothoughts, profound the

Record Keeping Reand President of insight keen tions and search. $3.95 $3-95 McKay. VOL. Research Procedure. 2—

Evaluation of Evidence. $3.95

13. The Little Christmas

Book By Arnold Friberg A choice collection of all the best loved Christmas paintings of the celebrated American artist, Arnold Friberg, with hand lettered biblical text.

$2.95 in gold gift box

786 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 14. More Precious

Than Rubies By S. Dilworth Young

A heartto-heart talk to the boy who holds the Aaronic Priesthood. Explains our relation to God, need for revelation and how received,

why a Priesthood, ministering of angels, etc. $2.00

..K...** 4 -

15. Doctrines of 16. The Mormon

Salvation Story Writings of Sermons and Rulon S. Howells By FAMILY Fielding Smith Joseph

Compiled NI<3T by pictorial bestselling aciSoSSgl A

R. Bruce McConkie of count Mormonism. HunOne of the foremost gosdreds of rare photographs

pel scholars of the Church of events in the restorasets down in plain lantion, growth and progress guage the doctrines which of the Church. Children

will bring salvation to are fascinated... adults

man. Vol. 1, $3.25 are thrilled and inspired

17. Family Nite Reader

By S. Dilworth Young

folks. For parents and young

Clearly the 18. Science and Your explains and logically

basic principles of the gospel. Will Faith in God

stimulate a desire further for in scientists the Church will build knowledge and interesting discuss asand Leadingclearly strengthen testimonies. $2.50

science religion. pects of and

Contributors include Henry Eyring, Carl Christensen, John A.

Widtsoe, Harvey Fletcher, Franklin S. Harris, Frederick

Pack, Joseph F. Merrill. $3.50

I1C AFAITHITU YOUR IN GOD |

19. L.D.S. Reference Bible 20. Eternal Quest

Contains a special reference By Hugh B. Brown

section prepared by Dr. MilHere are inspiring discourses,

ton R. Hunter, especially for each mingled with rich, warm

missionaries and students. soulstirring experiences told

Keyed to systematic plan for with skillful and picturesque teaching the gospel. Bound language. (Includes famous

in genuine leather, "Rational Faith"series.) $3.50

plain $12.00 indexed $12.95

Order from your favorite Bookcraft dealer... NOW!

(See order blank on page 788)

NOVEMBER I960 787 fcsaK** m, -.. 1 Sjr %mph

kk.....v-.Hp * j&j

1 J i -- > r 11W w 21. In Your Own Image 22. Pearl of Great Price 23. Temples of the Most 24. Your Faith and You

By Wendell J. Ashton Commentary High By Mark E. Petersen

B. Lundwall N. by Compiled R. Hunter Milton Dr. By insight forerare With and of series warm, human A contains This warm book of assignment by Prepared sight Elder disPetersen

discussions, experiences and of stories interest human Seventy, of First Council the topics cusses such as "How the stimulate stories that exmiraculous people and fills long- a., this. volume you do Worship?"

loftier to and goals reader with associated periences contains a felt... and need "Juvenile Delinquency"

destinies. Acmightier of our of building each the historical data. of "Courtship Marriage"and Exwealth thousands. by claimed... also included temples underthe.. Will broaden "Loving NeighYour

talks, lessons, cellent for of prayer is dedicatory the searching.. those of. etc. standing.bor"$3.25

etc. firesides, $3.00 built. $3.50 temple each truth. $3.25 eternal for

Hi 0m iiimii it m

25. If I Were In My Teens

An ideal gift for teenagers to help them chart their lives. $2.00

26. For Time or Eternity? By Mark E. Petersen

Creates an awareness for the necessity of temple marriage. $2.00

27. Choose Ye This Day By Emma Marr Petersen

Reveals the problems faced by college students in

ABOUT reconcilingreligious truths.philosophy, science, and worldliness $2.25with

PRAYER A Child's Story of the Book"Byof DetaMormonPetersen(in 4NeeleyVol.)

ABOUT 28.29. JourneyPrecious toLandthe ofPromisedPromise Land $1.75$1.75

BAPTISM 31.30. TheLandSaviourof TheirVisitsInheritancethe Promised Land $1.75$1.75

Emma Marr Petersen's Children's Stories 32. About Baptism $1.50

33. About Prayer $1.50

34. Book of Mormon Stories, for Young Latterday

Saints $3.25

35. Bible Stories, for Young Latterday Saints $3.00

36. The Story of our Church, for Young Latterday

Saints $3.00

37. Seek A quiz game for young and old. $1.95

38.A familyZion quiz game with 600 questions on all

phases of the Gospel. $2.59

39. Mormon Baseball

A quiz game for children ages 7 to 14. Played

like baseball. $1.25

40. Exaltation

An exciting game which tests knowledge and understanding of the Gospel. $2.49

Bookcraft, Inc.

1186 South Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send the following circled books for which 1 enclose check ( ) or money

order ( ) for $

1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 1 1 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20

21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40

NAME

ADDRESS

CITY STATE

NOTE: For Fast Service in the Los Angeles area, see: CANNON BOOKS, 1714 Westwood Blvd., Los Angeles 24, Calif. Phone GR 3-0679 or BR 2-1849; or BEEHIVE

BOOKS, 27 East Valley, Alhambra, Calif.

788 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA These Times to effect the domination. The same ization may recognize a larger elepattern can be seen in larger associment of independence on the part of

others. pattern Nevertheless, of the for present at the example,(Concluded from page 784) ations;

in organization is a is one the which time there a race between Red 1. Domination. In this pattern, Chinese People's Republic and the "superior"openly or quietly atif it is a family, one individual atUSSR to "dominate"the other comtempts to effect a dominant relationtempts to assert control over all munist states of the world. (Inciship over "subordinates."

other members of the unit. His or dentally, this competition affords 3. Coordination. In the pattern

her will becomes law. Force, much interest for future speculaof coordination, the top leadership

propaganda, appeals to magic, retion. ) or dominant group effects less strenligion, love, food, common sense, 2. Subordination. Under this patuous measures than in the cases of

cupidity, or other appeals are made tern the dominant person or organdomination or subordination.

Rather, the attempt at leadership is to encourage initiative on the part of membergroups. Then, by means

of various techniques, the dominant or superior element attempts to coordinate the whole. This effort at

Reconciliation With Reality.... coordinationeffort based onmayvoluntarybe an honestagreements, or it may range more directly

RICHARD I. EVANS toward subtle control and "coor-

dination"in the sole interest of the

In these recent weeks we have spoken of the person dominant group. In many respects,

as being of greater importance than the place, and a unique example of effort at skillTHE of our being inseparable from ourselves, which ful coordination can be seen in the

SPOKEN means, in a measure, that no matter where we are, socalled "alliance"between the WORD or who we are, or what we are, or how much help northern conservative Republican we have, we have to do some part of the solving of our problems for and the southern conservative Demourselves. We have to have the will and the willingness inside ocratic members of both houses of

ourselves. And this we say in face of the fact that there sometimes the American Congress.

seems to be a tendency to desensitize people in a sense, physically, 4. Cooperation. This pattern

morally, mentally—sometimes almost seeming to be a seeking to frankly recognizes the right of each

evade rather than a seeking to solve. We have quoted before the individual member to his own role

comment concerning seeking "countries and climates of another in decision making. Cooperation,

kind,"1 which is in many ways wonderful, if it doesn't expect too discussed here, relies on voluntary much of the place and too little of the person. Seeking to escape cooperation of the units. In this

routine and reality may, moderately done, be desirable, but overpattern, devices for decisionmaking done, could seem to cause some question—as, for example, when have to be invented, then utilized

people perennially play at play harder than they work at workin a very skilful way. Such devices

rule, as law, majority parliamentary life's surest itself satisfactions—and one of its is one of yet work

electoral systems illusvarious and side of the subject: to another In absorbers. surest shock And now

trate. the search for evasion there is sometimes a resorting to the use of substances which lead to a dulling of the senses, the dulling of 5. Noncooperation and Conflict.

thinking, of judgment, the dulling of physical reflexes—and even the The remaining possible patterns may

dulling of the acuteness of conscience. "There is nothing that a man be simply grouped under this headcan less afford to leave at home,"said Richardson Packe, "than his ing. Under such a system, open

conscience or his good habits."2 To which we would add, there is warfare and conflicts of all natures

nothing that he can less afford to reduce to lower level, by any are taken for granted as a way of means, than his conscience, his good habits, or his sense of real life, and members of the group atresponsibility for his own actions. The Lord God gave us an tempt to live and equip themselves

awareness of ourselves: physically and mentally and spiritually—accordingly.

and that which he gave us should not be abused, or reduced to a All six patterns reflect aspects of lower level. He expects of us a reasonable effort, a reasonable use contemporary behavior, in all

of talents and intelligence and opportunities, a reasonable selfgroups. Elements of conflict emerge

control, a reasonable meeting of every hour. He expects of us an under a pattern of domination, coearnest, patient doing and enduring, and a reconciliation with ordination, or cooperation. The

reality, and not, generally speaking, too much lowering of our range of the spectrum lies between awareness or, in a sense the desensitizing of ourselves. "There is maximum freedom for the individor the one on membergroup

less that can afford to leave... [behind] than his conual nothing a man dicof the tightest side form and 2 habits."his science or good

other. control at the tatorship and

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Columbia Broadcasting System, August 28, 1960. Copyright 1960. In these times, it is good to contemplate the ideal set forth in D&C

1Qnoted by Montaigne, Of Solitude, accredited to Horace.

2Richardson Packe. 121.

NOVEMBER 1960 789 WITNESSES OF THE BOOK OF MORMON BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

The Book of Mormon is one of four distinctive feaj The three and the eight signed solemn statements tures of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints] which appear in every copy of the Book of Mormon.

Not infrequently, our friends ask: "In what way does Let us examine "The Testimony of Three Witnesses":

your church differ from churches of Christendom?'! "BE IT KNOWN unto all nations, kindreds, tongues,

In reply, we can always name these four: first, we and people, unto whom this work shall come: That

believe in divine authority bv direct revelation. Tha we, through the grace of God the Father, and our

is a distinguishing feature. Second, the organizatioi Lord Jesus Christ, have seen the plates which contain

of the Church—there is nothing like it anvwhere h this record...."

the world, because it is divinely organized. Third) Analyze that. Why would they tell a thing like that

the eternal nature of covenants and ceremonies; foi if it were not true?

example, we believe that the priesthood given once "... which is a record of the people of Nephi, and

will remain with that individual forever unless he also of the Lamanites, their brethren, and also of the proves himself unworthy of it. And fourth, the Bool people of Jared, who came from the tower of which

of Mormon is of divine origin and is what it purports hath been spoken. And we also know that they have

to be, the history of God's dealing with the men anc been translated by the gift and power of God, for women anciently in the New World, as the Bible is his voice hath declared it unto us; wherefore we know

the history of God's dealings with his people in the of a surety that the work is true. And we also testify

Old World. that we have seen the engravings [the details] which

The Book of Mormon was translated from engravee are upon the plates; and they have been shown unto

plates by the Prophet Joseph Smith. The plates were us by the power of God, and not of man...."

a physical substance. They could be seen ane Just how reliable were these witnesses? Did they

handled. The claim that thev existed, that thev were tell the truth, or was there some collusion or deception?

found in a certain place and delivered to Joseph Smith; Let us consider the character of each of these men.

could be verified by sight or feeling. Oliver Cowdery was a young schoolteacher. In the

In addition to Joseph, there were three special! course of events he did not sustain the Prophet and fell

witnesses and eight additional witnesses to the Book out of harmony with the Church. Had there been

of Mormon plates, making a total of twelve witnesses] collusion in his testimony then would have been the

790 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA -tusrtyi; <y&&cA,Vuf Q/lJTfr frrruL/L/ (jkutJL Q> c/j

time to confess and proclaim it, and by so doing, expose there which is now maintained by our Church.

any chicanery or fraud. David Whitmer was excommunicated because he

Following his excommunication, Oliver Cowdery was out of harmony. Did he ever deny his testimony?

practised law. During the ten years he was away There is one encyclopedia which falsely states that he

from the Church he maintained that his testimony did, and the editors corrected it at his insistence in was true. On one occasion an opposing lawyer in their next edition.

court accused him of having signed his name to a I had a personal friend, Charles C. Richards, who

document stating that an angel appeared to him and was on the Sunday School board in Weber Stake, who showed him the Book of Mormon plates. Oliver as a graduate from law school, accompanied his father,

calmly replied: Elder Franklin D. Richards, of the Council of the

"May it please your honor and gentlemen of the Twelve, and they called upon David Whitmer. I give

jury, this I say: I saw the angel and heard his voiceyou his words:

How can I deny it? It happened in the daytime when "When Father explained to him the object of our

the sun was shining bright in the firmament; not in the visit, he received us very cordially. He was, apparently,

night when I was asleep. That glorious messenger sound and wellpreserved physically, and in excelfrom heaven, dressed in white, standing above the lent spirits. He was alert, mentally, and possessed

ground, in a glory I have never seen anything to com- a wonderful recollection of the sacred events in regard pare with—the sun insignificant in comparison—and to which we were interviewing him. Mr. Whitmer

this personage told us that if we denied that testimony was then eighty years of age; my father was sixteen

there is no forgiveness in this life nor in the world to years younger; and I was a youngster of twentyfive.

come. Now how can I deny it—I dare not: I will My father did most of the visiting with Mr. Whitmer,

not!"while I sat quietly listening to them discuss the imHe came back into the Church later, and said: "I portant events that had transpired. I said that we

don't ask for any position; I was wrong,"and he rewould appreciate being told, if Mr. Whitmer felt like

entered the Church by baptism. telling us, some of the incidents connected with the

Oliver Cowdery died at Richmond, Ray County, vision he had at the time the plates were shown to

Missouri, March 3, 1850, and is buried in a cemetery him and to the other {Continued on page 855)

NOVEMBER I960 791 BOOK MORMON

PRESIDENT, COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE THIS LIFEYOUR QUESTION ANSWERED BY JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH

they have not carefully considered all the factorsQUESTION: "n ma 34:3134, we find the folwhen

lowing: belonging to a subject. In the first place these people

"'Yea, I would that ye would come forth and harden in the land of Antionum, known as Zoramites, had not your hearts any longer; for behold, now is the time formerly been members of the Church and were

and the day of your salvation; and therefore, if ye will dissenters from the Nephites. Amulek's remarks were

repent and harden not your hearts, immediately shall intended as a plea for them to return to the Church the great plan of redemption be brought about unto and observe its covenants. He called their attention

you. to the "many witnesses"that they had received and

"'For behold, this life is the time for men to prepare to forsake their evil ways before it was too late. They

to meet God; yea, behold the day of this life is the had departed from the commandments of the Lord

day for men to perform their labors. and had violated his statutes, which they formerly

''And now, as I said unto you before, as ye have believed, for a false system which denied the atonehad so many witnesses, therefore, I beseech of you ment of Jesus Christ. Therefore, the words of Amulek

that ye do not procrastinate the day of your repentance were timely. There was still hope for them if they

until the end; for after this day of life, which is given would repent and turn back to the true faith and

us to prepare for eternity, behold, if we do not improve follow our Redeemer.

our time while in this life, then cometh the night of A word here in relation to those who are worthy to darkness wherein there can be no labor performed. receive the blessings of the gospel but who died with-

"'Ye cannot say, when ye are brought to that awful out the privilege, is necessary. Through the mercies

crisis, that I will repent, that I will return to my God. of our Eternal Father and his Son Jesus Christ, it is

Nay, ye cannot say this; for that same spirit which doth decreed that every soul may have the privilege of

possess your bodies at the time that ye go out of this hearing and embracing the truth. This is one of the

life, that same spirit will have power to possess your glorious principles of the gospel, and one which the body in that eternal world.'religious world has ignored. In giving his preface

"We have been discussing this statement, and we to the Doctrine and Covenants, the Lord said:

wonder how it can be reconciled with the doctrine of "For verily the voice of the Lord is unto all men, salvation for the dead? It appears that those who have and there is none to escape; and there is no eye that

failed in this life are thus barred from any hope of shall not see, neither ear that shall not hear, neither salvation in the life to come. Why then, do we do heart that shall not be penetrated.

temple work for the dead?""And the rebellious shall be pierced with much

sorrow; for their iniquities shall be spoken upon the

ANSWER: This question presents a good illustrahousetops, and their secret acts shall be revealed."1

tion of the frequent difficulty into which so many fall iD&C 1:1-3.

792 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IS THE TIME FOR MEN TO PREPARE TO MEET GOD

Therefore the promise is unto all who repent "And have tasted the good word of God, and the whether living or dead, that they shall not be deprived powers of the world to come, of the opportunity of hearing and accepting the truth. "If they shall fall away, to renew them again unto

Therefore there must be a time for teaching the dead repentance; seeing they crucify to themselves the Son

who died without the privilege of hearing and receivof God afresh, and put him to open shame."3

ing the gospel when they were on the earth. This The Lord has not consigned all those who have rewonderful doctrine was revealed to the Prophet Joseph jected or may yet reject the gospel to the torments of

Smith, and he was given the divine authority to have the damned. He has decreed that every soul may

the ordinances performed for the dead in the temples have the opportunity of salvation in his kingdom if built for that purpose. This is a just principle filled they will repent and keep his commandments. This

with the spirit of mercy, love, and justice. applies as herein stated to all who died without any

That every soul shall have his chance is one of the opportunity to repent and accept the gospel. Accordgreatest principles of the gospel. It is merciful and ing to that which is written, many of the honorable

it is just, but these Zoramites could not see it because men who, when living, rejected the message of salvathey had rebelled against the truth and had turned tion who later in the world of spirits repented, will to the worship of false gods and thus had placed themreceive some degree of salvation. Of these the Lord

selves on the border where there would be no hope has said:

if they continued in their evil course. So we see that "And also they who are the spirits of men kept in

there is no conflict between Amulek's teachings and prison, whom the Son visited, and preached the gospel the doctrine of the loss of salvation for the dead who unto them, that they might be judged according to turn away in this life and place themselves beyond men in the flesh;

hope of their redemption. This condition which the "Who received not the testimony of Jesus in the

Zoramites were in is in conformity to the condition flesh, but afterwards received it.

of the apostates which Peter and Paul mention in their "These are they who are honorable men of the epistles as follows: earth, who were blinded by the craftiness of men.

"For it had been better for them not to have known "These are they who receive of his glory, but not the way of righteousness, than, after they have known of his fulness.

it, to turn from the holy commandments delivered "These are they who receive of the presence of the unto them."2 Son, but not of the fulness of the Father.

"Wherefore, they are bodies terrestrial, and not "For it is impossible for those who were once enlightened, and have tasted of the heavenly gift, and bodies celestial, and differ in glory as the moon differs from the sun."4

were made partakers of the Holy Ghost, 3Hebrews 6:4-6.

*2 Peter 2:21. 4D&C 76:7378.

NOVEMBER 1960 793 theBOOK MORMON PROPHETS OF GOD BEAR

These records were engraven on plates which had are one. The historical part differs only: the one

the appearance of gold, each plate was six inches gives the history of an Asiatic, the other of an Ameriwide and eight inches long, and not quite so thick can people.

as common tin. They were filled with engravings, in -JOHN TAYLOR

Egyptian characters, and bound together in a volume as the leaves of a book, with three rings running J D 5:240

through the whole. The volume was something near

six inches in thickness, a part of which was sealed. 9 On my way [to my first Mormon meeting] I prayed

The characters on the unsealed part were small, and most sincerely that the Lord would give me his Spirit, beautifully engraved. The whole book exhibited many and that if these men were the servants of God I might

marks of antiquity in its construction, and much skill know it, and that my heart might be prepared to in the art of engraving. With the records was found receive the divine message they had to deliver.

a curious instrument, which the ancients called "Urim The spirit of God rested mightily upon [Elder Zera and Thummim,"which consisted of two transparent Pulsipher], and he bore a strong testimony of the stones set in the rim of a bow fastened to a breastdivine authenticity of the Book of Mormon and of plate. Through the medium of the Urim and Thumthe mission of the Prophet Joseph Smith. I believed

mim I translated the record by the gift and power all that he said. The spirit bore witness of its truth.

of God. -THE PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH The Bible, the Book of Mormon, the book of DocThe Wentworth Letter, DHC 4:537 trine and Covenants contain the words of eternal life

unto this generation.

SB There is not another nation under heaven, in whose—WILFORD WOODRUFF

midst the Book of Mormon could have been brought forth. The Lord has been operating for centuries to Cowley, Life of Wilford Woodruff, p. 32; J D 22:335

prepare the way for the coming forth of the contents of that book from the bowels of the earth, to be pub- 9 When the Church was established among the lished to the world, to show to the inhabitants thereof Nephites... [the United Order] was preached by them

that he still lives, and that he will, in the latter days, and practised nearly two hundred years, resulting in gather his elect from the four corners of the earth. peace, union, great prosperity, and miraculous bless-

-BRIGHAM YOUNG ings, greater than were ever experienced by any people of whom we have record. The most remarkable miracles

J D 11:17 were constantly wrought among them; their sick were

healed, and in some instances their dead restored to

HI The gospel in the Book of Mormon and the gospel life; these extraordinary manifestations of the approbain the Bible both agree; the doctrines in both books tion of God continued so long as they remained one

794 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TESTIMONIES OF THE SACRED RECORD

in their temporal interest or were controlled in their m In the Book of Mormon, "The American volume financial matters according to the Order of Enoch. of scripture,"the Lord has given to us information

-LORENZO SNOW pertaining to this land upon which we dwell and called it a land favored above all other lands. I

J D 16:274 recommend that not only you Latterday Saints read

the Book of Mormon, but that our Father's other | It is one of the greatest puzzles to scientists that they are discovering in the path of ancient civilization children read it. They will find that it contains, in

of this continent evidences and proof of the divinity addition to what the Bible has said about the world, of the Book of Mormon, that they cannot dispute or what the Lord has said about this Western Hemigainsay. sphere—that this should be a land of liberty unto the

Gentiles and that no king should dwell upon this land, but that he, the God of heaven, would be our King and

The Book of Mormon [is] a book of scripture that would fortify this land against all the nations, that this was translated by the gift and power of God, for the voice of God declared to the three witnesses that it should be a land of peace and happiness, on condition had been translated by the gift and power of God that we would honor the God of this earth, the Father and that it was true. of us all. The factor controlling the promise is that

-JOSEPH F. SMITH we must keep the commandments of our Heavenly

Father or it cannot be realized.

J D October 26, 1867 -GEORGE ALBERT SMITH | I read the Book of Mormon through prayerfully, as C R October 1940 a young man in my teens, and I became absolutely converted that it is exactly what it purports to be, m I testify to you that the Book of Mormon is truly namely, a record of the handdealings of God with many peoples that had located on the American the Word of God, that communication between earth continents before Columbus discovered America. and heaven has been opened up again, and that the

true way of the Lord has been revealed to men on earth, showing the means by which all needful knowlThe Book of Mormon is the great, the grand, the edge and blessings may be received by every true most wonderful missionary that we have. believer in Christ.

-HEBER J. GRANT -PRESIDENT DAVID O. MCKAY

I E 39:660; C R April 1937 Instructor, Oct. 1952

NOVEMBER 1960 795 THE MORMON'S ABRIDGMENT theBOOK! FORMATION

MORMON OF THE E SMALL PLATES OF NEP

BOOK OF MORMON THE PLATES OF MORMON

PLATES

BY ELDIN RICKS

ASSISTANT PROFESSOR OF RELIGION

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

The fourth century A.D. was a century of crisis in of the record was altered to include religious history

ancient America. It was a century of conflict between also. The point we wish to stress is that, whereas

the Nephites and Lamanites, two rival factions that the book of Lehi portion of the large plates of Nephi had inhabited the western world for nearly a thousand was mainly a secular history, the rest of the record years. During this tumultuous period a Nephite was religious as well as secular. This fact assumes

prophet named Mormon became custodian of a certain importance later in our story.

great record inscribed on sheets of metal that had been handed down by his ancestors from their beginnings The Plates of Mormon—a Digest of the Large Plates

as a nation. We refer to this second record as the large of Nephi

plates of Nephi. At or near the close of his literary efforts on the

At the end of the large plates of Nephi, Mormon large plates of Nephi, Mormon received the inspiration engraved the history of his times, a history that turned to write a small digest of the entire record. For this

out to be the tragic tale of his nation's downfall. When purpose he formed a separate metal volume. On

he was finished, the large plates of Nephi included these plates, which we call the Plates of Mormon, he the books of Lehi, Mosiah, Alma, Helaman, 3 Nephi, carefully engraved, in his own words and style of 4 Nephi, and Mormon. Altogether they spanned Newriting, a summary of the entire history of his anphite history from about 600 B.C. to 385 A.D. cestors. He even summarized the history of his own

The book of Lehi section of the plates deserves generation that he had personally inscribed at the special consideration. In Joseph Smith's preface to the end of the large plates of Nephi. (Mormon 2:18; 5:9.)

1830 edition of the Book of Mormon he explains the In a later period Joseph Smith was to receive and loss of the first 116 manuscript pages of his translation translate the Plates of Mormon—the abridgment of the

and identifies the lost part as an abridgment of the large plates of Nephi—but not the original large plates

book of Lehi. In the Doctrine and Covenants, secof Nephi.

tion 10, verse 41, we learn, in addition, that this missing portion extended to the reign of King Benjamin. It The Book of Lehi and the Small Plates of Nephi

may then be said that the book of Lehi covered Mormon's purpose in writing a synopsis of his anNephite history from the time of Lehi, who left cestors'great history was, in the words of his son

Jerusalem about 600 B.C., to the opening of the book Moroni, "to the convincing of the Jew and Gentile

of Mosiah, which, for practical purposes, was 130 B.C. that JESUS is the CHRIST, the ETERNAL GOD,

It is noteworthy that during the early part of Nemanifesting himself unto all nations."(Book of Morphite history, which means during the book of Lehi mon title page.) In view of such a lofty religious

period, the large plates of Nephi formed a political goal we are not surprised to find that his abridgment and civil history, "... an account of the reign of the (that is, the part that we have in translated form)

kings, and the wars and contentions... of the nation. abounds in prophecies, missionary experiences, doc-

(1 Nephi 9:4.) In time, however, the secular character trinal discourses, and miraculous happenings. Even

the fascinating stories of war, political upheaval, and A condensation of the Story of the Formation of the Book of

Mormon Plates, an illustrated booklet by the author. Available at such that he selected to condense and pass on to

Extension Publications, Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah, and all Church bookstores. us carry some faith- (Continued on page 852)

796 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA rTJ

tt 7*? 51 uHP 1,. Vi%-:h

L—! f j |, w H—;

1*31 | r=—'H

'J *

'—J-—n Kg rr—.. 1 CTIIIf1 1 - H

1 '—'H

i r "E 1 1 ==

NOVEMBER ] 960 797 When I sit in fast meeting and listen to people bear their testimonies, I often wonder just how they came by their soulsupporting convictions. I wonder

this because I know how I came by mine—particularly my testimony of the

authenticity of the Book of Mormon. I am a writer, and the more I write the

more I realize that the most competent writer would fail at writing a book like that.

Shortly after my first book was published a woman called on me and asked me to write a book about her son's experiences during World War II. The son

would lend me his diary and cut me in on the profits. The offer was ridiculous,

but what made me really furious was her statement: "I'd write the book myself

if only I had time to sit down."

She thought that all there was to writing a book was to insert a sheet of paper in the typewriter and run it through—much as a housewife might run

clothes through an oldfashioned wringer. I have since regretted my sharp

response because I have found out—several books later—that most people do not

understand the writing process.

Perhaps you will gain an added appreciation for the Book of Mormon if you are acquainted with that process. Perhaps you would like to watch a writer

"deliver"a much less complex book.

Preparation for a writing career

When I registered at Brigham Young University as an undergraduate student,

I had already done some writing for publication. The late beloved Harrison R.

Merrill listened while I explained my career dreams. He advised me to write

continuously, always trying to improve my style and increase my facility. Then

he gave me a bit of advice I've passed on to hundreds of other wouldbe-writers.

"What most writers need is something to write about and the perception to recognize story material when they find it."He suggested that I major in a

social science, hence I selected history.

I had grown up steeped in the history of our people. My father was the

youngest son in a large family which had helped to make Utah history. His

older sister, my Aunt Minerva Ray, was a wonderful storyteller, and the incidents she related were of her childhood and early womanhood. Frequently my

father's mother spent a month or two with us and we children begged, "Tell us about the olden days, Grandma."She would tell us about early days in Michigan,

about crossing the plains, about Coalville, Cove Fort, and Fillmore in pioneer days.

When I took my M.Sc. at the "Y"my special interest was Great Basin history.

It was some time later that I wrote my first Mormon novel.

writer A Looks at the Book ofMormon

BY HELEN HINCKLEY JONES

798 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It might seem that my early absorption of pioneer stories, plus my study at fhe "Y"would be adequate preparation for writing a book. This is not true,

however. People's memories, while they give special color to events, are not

always accurate. Even the best college courses cannot give the definitive detail

necessary for the support of a historical novel.

Research Research, which means exactly what it says: research, is the basis for all

worthwhile historical writing, both fiction and nonfiction.

There are several steps in researching a subject. First the writer reads

encyclopedias and history books. He may read biographies and fiction, too.

These books give him the "feel"of the times and general information. Next he

tries to find original sources, which for the study of pioneer Utah are plentiful.

NOVEMBER 1960 799 These are found in special libraries and archives or They do the things they do because of what they are borrowed from people who have treasured precious and because they are motivated by certain basic family documents. urges. The wrong that a man does, the failures that

As the writer reads he takes complete notes, organcome to him are due to his weaknesses; his successes

izing them according to some system of his own, but are due to his strengths. When a writer conceives a

always making sure that he knows the book, the page, character, he creates a man or woman who will react and the library, so he can find the material again. inevitably in a way that will illustrate the author's

How careful one must be in doing research can be philosophy. The writer cannot use just any man.

illustrated by one of my own errors. Desiring to give Hyrum Lucas in The Mountains Are Mine, loved the

Ogden some real similarity to the actual pioneer town, feeling of power. He welcomed responsibility and

I put actual people in minor roles in my novel The danger because these fed his need. He was exactly

Mountains Are Mine, I was told by one man that he the man to become a captain on the journey across couldn't trust anything in the book because his grandthe plains. He was exactly the man who would find

father had just one eye, and I had given him two! it impossible to settle down as a carpenter in a quiet

Research continues as long as the book is in progress. little community.

The author will be looking for facts to fill in certain Most writers build fewer than a dozen threedimen- "soft"spots until the typescript is delivered to the sional characters for a book. Notable exceptions are

publisher. Dickens and Tolstoi. It is hard work to build even a

No matter what historical field I have chosen I have small cast of characters. I build my people a little at

had to undertake a huge amount of research. I have a time and really live with them. I think day and

written on the Children's Crusade, on Columbus, on night about what my hero, Branch Berkov, would do medieval Germany, and on Persia. In the two books in a given situation, how my heroine, Essie, would

about Persia I supplemented historical research with react to the different disciplines of her life.

interviews with the central character of the story. Consider the characters in the Book of Mormon.

Talking with Najmeh did not release me from reading Perhaps you can name almost a hundred. If you open

every book, every report, every article that was availthe book anywhere, you will discover that the men able. seem real and alive. There are more threedimen-

Now consider for a minute what research facilities sional characters in the Book of Mormon than most were available to Joseph Smith. In order to research writers can create in a long writing career. There are

the Book of Mormon he would need to study the few women in the book; none of note. Had Joseph

geography, the flora and fauna of two continents; to Smith written the book on the pattern of the Bible as

chart the ocean currents and know the nature of the some think, surely there would have been Esthers winds, and in addition to study a civilization which and Jezebels and Mary Magdalenes.

has only recently been partially uncovered by archaeologists. Form

It would have been impossible for Joseph Smith to Perhaps the most technical thing about writing a discover all of the varied materials of the Book of book is planning the architecture of the whole thing. A

Mormon if he had had years for study and the best short story has what writers call "outside limits."

facilities—if he had been forced to discover them in Most short story writers know when they conceive a

the way I find my facts. story what pattern they will follow in its development.

Novels, histories, long biographies, chronicles, all have

Characterization more complex structure. Komroff's novel Coronet is

When my research is well under way, I begin to thought by many students to be one of the most perbuild my characters. This is a complex problem. The fectly organized novels of our time.

Greeks said that everybody has at least one "tragic You might read it and compare it with the Book flaw."Achilles'heel is an allegory that explains this of Mormon from the standpoint of complexity. Coronet

theory. Characters are not puppets for the author. takes a coronet and a whip from the Middle Ages,

800 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA when the Italian cities were independent states, down minute I need to reread the last few sentences.

to the twentieth century. The Book of Mormon covers Most authors work back and forth in a book. I get

a longer period and includes the history of three peohalfway over in a book and discover that I need a ples. A modern scholar writing the Book of Mormon bowery. I have to go back to chapter three and build

would not arrange it as it is arranged. The history it. Or I need a slightly different complex of characterof the book accounts for the arrangement, and Joseph istics in one of my characters, and I have to rewrite a

Smith at twentythree years could hardly have carried section or several sections to make the necessary this complex pattern in his head. change. When I sold The Mountains Are Mine, it had

a tragic ending. Milly had divorced Hyrum and faced

The actual writing the world alone. The editor wanted her to have some

For a long time every author goes around half in man to turn to. Abel was the man. I knew that. But

this world, half out, while the characters take shape in I had already married Abel to Milly's sister, Ellen. I

his mind, while the imaginary settings grow into real had to go back and unmarry Abel and Ellen and places, while the deeper meaning of the story becomes create another man for Ellen to marry. This took a

clothed in incident, while the architecture of the book rewriting of seven chapters. In Reveille for a Persian

is being planned. At last he is ready to write. Village I married Najmeh to Abulhassan without any

This may seem like a long process. It is. Erie courtship. I had to rewrite all but the first chapter

Stanley Gardner can turn out a Perry Mason story in to provide the courtship. This going back and forth

a week end because all of the preliminary work had inside the book while the writing is in progress is been done at the beginning of the series. These are absolutely essential to most writers.

books, too, which depend upon a "gimmick"and But consider the Book of Mormon. The Prophet

should not be confused with the socalled "literary"Joseph on his side of the curtain didn't say, "Will you book. read me the last paragraph you put down yesterday,

Every writer has his own way of going about his Brother Cowdery?"He didn't say, "Turn back to

work. Thomas Wolfe, who was a very large man, Second Nephi; I need to add something."

liked to write standing up, his pencil pad on the top The Prophet Joseph was reading the Book of Morof a refrigerator. Thomas Mann set down five hunmon, not writing it.

dred perfect words a day. My method is to write

directly on the typewriter as fast as my fingers can Style tap out the words, counting on numerous revisions Every writer has a style of writing just as he has to bring the work to some degree of literary excellence. his own fingerprints. Style differs from fingerprints,

In Reveille for a Persian Village I planned to cover though, in that it grows, develops, changes. At the

the happenings of a month in each chapter. I thought beginning of a writer's career his style may be parthat to show the passing of time I would begin each tially borrowed from other writers. As he learns to

chapter with a descriptive paragraph. These openknow himself and have confidence in himself, his style

ing paragraphs are deceptively simple. One of them becomes something that is really his own. As a young

was rewritten twentyseven times before it said just writer I admired a bold, terse style and tried to copy what I wanted it to say in a correctly cadenced way. it. I had to come to realize that as a simple person,

Each day when I start my writing, I retype a little naive, unsophisticated, innocent, my writing style of the work I did the day before in order to make the needs to mirror these characteristics.

style continuous, otherwise there would be a definite The writing that is least individual from a stylistic break between the work of different days. Sometimes standpoint is the newspaper story or the encyclopedia

typing a paragraph or a page is not enough to set report. Here brevity, clarity, and accuracy are sought

me going, and I have to read aloud to get the "swing"after. I am sure that you have noticed that although

of what has been written before. Especially is this much of the Book of Mormon is reportorial in nature

true when I pick up my work after a week's lapse of there is still a variety in the style. King Benjamin

time. Called away from the typewriter for even a does not speak like (Continued on page 834)

NOVEMBER I960 801 i *>&# #Le?6r*

ynksP afiy$w outs 4A fmU lhi &*&<*%

\c/KJtt) u fipt t+Avcei-i 'iaLt CK4A 'A 4*yfrci 4 a*iJ ct/f/vkx *'ea(/ '#yc&i*f /"Z, jyfer 'Jvi4i tit*

IFAere are Ae > fix,W rf uihici. t,w..

,<.., 4<>i,.-. |...'..-:'!</>'<'./6 Mm,,!.V',/,

'*Jf J&y iur.tS fffu;liflkli- 0-iij rj

<; i*?S'/fe w;,".</ *'(.*.,l/ "/ >'<< OPtrGrNAX.

gW MAJSTUSCRIPBY ALBERT l. ZOBELL, JR.

RESEARCH EDITOR

tfMm./d-tkl.f& -USA- -/

w*C'Jr<- '"/*

.,'"/>/! < /&--<*.,YU',.-"-'*iJ.iU;'! < *'*

1piA<L i44fr1 40%&>fW 4&4M sy0* HHAtf fa s;, /,,, %,,,; <-,;;': |i||pi||l: -'

..-?; wfc. wa /ffJy-(A/I /(/kJMA Utf-u. 4 s\

1* (?*0 i $<f fUi fij4/l6&uJ * f&C <:

/ f% -Z UiA 1$ &**fj

"ST* y* w '* * '? * f f r- y n

* & 1 / tf*,1 One of the littleknown but extremely fascinating stories of Church history concerns the original manuscript of the Book of Mormon. Actually, Oliver Cowdery recopied the manuscript before anything was given

to the printer. The Prophet's mother recorded:

"Joseph secured the copyright [of the Book of Mormon] and before he returned to Pennsylvania,... he received a commandment, which was

in substance as follows:

"First, that Oliver Cowdery should transcribe the whole manuscript.

Second, that he should take but one copy at a time to the [printing] office, so that if one copy should get destroyed, there would still be a copy remaining. Third, that in going to and from the office, he should

always have a guard to attend him, for the purpose of protecting the manuscript. Fourth, that a guard should be kept constantly on the

watch, both night and day, about the house, to protect the manuscript from malicious persons.... All these things were strictly attended to, as

the Lord commanded Joseph."(Lucy Mack Smith, History of Joseph

Smith, 1945 ed., p. 157.)

After the Book of Mormon came from the press in March 1830, what happened to these two manuscripts? Briefly, let us try to trace them

to the present day.

After it had served its purpose, the printer's manuscript was evidently returned and Oliver Cowdery took possession of it, while the original manuscript remained in the possession of the Prophet. On October 2,

1841 in the presence of a number of elders, Joseph Smith deposited the original copy in the cornerstone of the Nauvoo House.

Elder Warren Foote, who later came with the Saints to Utah, made this entry in his journal:

"I was standing very near the cornerstone, when Joseph Smith came up with the manuscript of the Book of Mormon and said he wanted to put that in there.... It appeared to be written on foolscap paper, and

was about three inches in thickness."(B. H. Roberts, A Comprehensive

History of the Church, vol. 1:159.)

On October 12, 1878, Elder Joseph F. Smith, then a member of the

Council of the Twelve, later President of the Church, received a communication from Frederick Kesler, Sr., bishop of the Sixteenth Ward in

Salt Lake City, in which he testified that he saw the Prophet Joseph

Smith, Jun., place the Book of Mormon manuscript in the southeast Opposite: 1 Nephi 8:1127 on a

corner of the Nauvoo House. "I stood within eight or ten feet of him,"page from the original manuscript

he wrote, "heard and saw what he said and did, on that important occaof the Book of Mormon. The

sion, which I freely testify to all the world."(Deseret Evening News, enlargements are also from

December 23, 1899.) this page.

In the unfortunate times following the martyrdom of the Prophet, Above: Typical of some of the

June 27, 1844, many members of the Church were not sure which way ageand-weather damaged to turn. Some did not follow the leadership of Brigham Young. Ebenezer pages from the original manuRobinson, one of these, was a valued printer and writer while a member script. This page is identified as

of the Church, and he followed that vocation throughout the remainder 1 Nephi 15:1525.

of his life. In August 1890, in a small monthly magazine, titled The

Return, published by him at Davis City, Iowa, we find this information of that period in Nauvoo. He relates:

"After the brethren had assembled at the southeast corner of the foundation [of the Nauvoo House] where the cornerstone was laid,

President Joseph Smith said, 'Wait, brethren, I have a document that I wish to put in that stone,'and started for his house which was only a few rods away, across Main Street. I went with him in the house, and

also one or two other brethren.

"He got a manuscript copy of the Book of Mormon and brought it into the room where we were standing and said, 1 will examine to see if it is all here,'and as he did so I stood near him at his left side and saw distinctly the writings as he turned up the pages until he hastily went through the book and satisfied himself that it was all there....

"It was written on foolscap paper, and formed a package, as the sheets lay flat, of about two or two and a half inches thick, I should judge. It was written mostly in Oliver Cowdery's handwriting, with

which I was intimately acquainted, having set many pages of type from his handwriting in the Church Printing Office at Kirtland, Ohio. Some

parts of it were written in other handwriting.

"He took the manuscript and deposited it in the cornerstone of the

Nauvoo House, together with other papers and things, including different pieces of United States coin. I put in some copies of the Times and

Seasons; all were carefully encased in sheet (Continued on page 826)

<->c CONDUCTED BY THE UNIFIED CHURCH SCHOOL SYSTEM

theBOOK MORMON If 1 m m Si;- xcw. Mi m IIf*

BY WILLIAM

E. BERRETT IHEBOOKOF MORMON

Teaching the Book of Mormon is one of the most The teacher of the Book of Mormon thus has in his rewarding of teaching experiences. This is true behands a powerful book, and he would do well to warn

cause generally speaking the reward to a teacher is his students in the beginning that this book may linked to the effect his teaching has upon his pupil, change their lives, their hopes, and their aspirations.

and the Book of Mormon properly taught has the Indeed he should warn them that this book will conpower to change the whole life of one who studies it. vince them that Jesus of Nazareth was and is the

It is the most important book to appear in American Christ, the Redeemer of Mankind, that he lives and times, and it is destined, as was predicted by its transthat we too will live again. For this is the objective

lator, Joseph Smith, to divide the world into two of the author and should be the principal objective camps. of one who teaches this book.

Henry Wallace, one time Secretary of Agriculture, It is quite obvious that a teacher of the Book of himself a nonMormon, once said of it, "Of all the Mormon will fail to achieve what its chief author,

American religious books of the nineteenth century, Mormon, meant the Book of Mormon to achieve unless it seems probable The Book of Mormon was the most the teacher has a divine objective and approaches his powerful. It reached perhaps only one percent of subject with an enthusiasm which can only come

the people of the United States, but it affected this from a firm conviction of the truth of the record.

one percent so powerfully and lastingly that all the The teacher of the Book of Mormon will be most people of the United States have been affected, espesuccessful if he does four things:

cially by its contribution in opening up one of our First: constantly Keeps that the in mind purpose of

1 frontiers."great is to the convince the book "that reader Jesus is the

Indeed, the reading of it has not only affected the Christ, the Son of the living God, manifesting himself history of western America but has also affected its unto all nations... "2

readers so powerfully as to cause them to give up their The objective of each lesson then, should have some homes, families, and national allegiance, and to migrate relationship to this overall purpose. The teacher will

halfway round the world where necessary to be able find in doing this that the objective comes easily and to affiliate with others similarly affected. need not be forced.

States United Seeretary JThe of Agriculture, address before the New

York National Times Book Fair, Nov., 1937. Preface, Book of Mormon, title page.

804 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Book of Mormon is not a book on the geography than those proclaimed in the preface.

of early America, and the teacher who is forever Second: Realizes that he is aided in teaching the

concerned with geographical questions will find the principles of the gospel taught by the book by a stirring references too few and entirely inadequate for mapand graphic account of how those principles affected making. Further, he is apt to mislead the students individuals and nations.

because no two Book of Mormon geographers seem Histories generally relate chronologically the to reach the same conclusions as to the location of events of the times and nations concerned with little particular places, peoples, and events. No proposed reference to primary causes which led to the rise and

map of the Book of Mormon has been or probably fall of nations. But in the Book of Mormon we have

could be accepted by the Church as being authentic. authors who largely ignore history, giving but a brief

As it is impossible, at this time, to locate the civilizarunning outline, and devote themselves to a treatment tions referred to in the Book of Mormon, the use of of principles and their effect on persons and nations.

archaeological findings in the Americas should be used And here we have a book unique among books. Here

cautiously regarding the establishment of the claim of are portrayed the rise and fall of two nations, in each the Book of Mormon that ancient civilization comparinstance isolated from the rest of the world where able to those in the Old World did exist in the causes and effects can be isolated from those interAmericas at the times required by the Book of Mortwining factors which so confuse the historians of mon account. other peoples. Here are portrayed the great experiThe use of archaeological findings at best but ments in national life, and from a study of them the

arouses interest in the Book of Mormon. A testimony student should emerge with indisputable evidence of

concerning the truth of the doctrines contained therein the relationship of beliefs and principles to individual must remain a matter of the Spirit, and the reader who and national welfare. The teacher should become

wishes to know of the truth must forever turn to the aware of these great teachings of the Book of Mormon formula so clearly set forth by Moroni: to study and and not become enmeshed in having students trace

ponder the contents of the book and then pray to God genealogies, memorize names and places, and devise in faith for a revelation concerning the truth thereof. 3 charts and graphs.

The teacher should already have applied that formula, In this book we see faith and repentance in operaso that he can present the contents of the book without tion. We see the value of baptism and the influence

doubt in his own mind and without conveying any of the Holy Ghost. We see what faith in Christ or

shadow of doubt to his student—for the gift of discernloss of faith does to individuals and nations—and in

ment in the youth of the Church is everywhere manithe seeing, the principles cease to be abstract but take fest, and students discover hypocrisy in its earliest on substance and meaning for all generations. This

manifestations. is what the youth and the adult need. When we teach

The Book of Mormon was not written to portray the faith in God as an abstract principle, the students ask nature of early American industry, commerce, art, law, "So what?"The Book of Mormon gives the answer.

or medicine, and while occasional statements are ilThe Nephites and Lamanites shared the same social, luminating and suggestive, they are insufficient for racial, and ethical background. They lived in comdiscussion concerning those fields. Hence, the book parable physical surroundings. The only variable is

is disappointing to those whose objectives are other a spiritual variable—the difference in belief regarding

%Ioroni 10:3-5. God and the gospel of (Continued on page 856)

NOVEMBER 1960 805 a

STRANCEF* IN THE LAMD

Dan Wells had brought his bride to their first home—Neva's anger heightened with each new irritadesert waste—to a tiny stone hut without lights or tion. She complained about the barren rooms, drably

running water, "1 want you to love it as 1 do,"he smeared with white clay, the hard handmade benches, had said. Neva, a coddled girl, raised on the WUmette the narrow bed scooped out in the middle and lumpy

estate, felt alone in a land, of strangespeaking creaall over. And the charred ancient stove was completely

tures, jealous of the stonefaced Navajo woman, impossible.

Florence Nez, and the bond between her and Dan. "How could you do this to me,"Neva's green eyes

leaped with fire, "to bring me out in this no man's

Dan unloaded the car, silently curbing his imland? With all the cities back in civilization, you had

patience. to choose this!"

S06 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CONCLUSION:

PART II

BY JOAN TINGEY ESSIG

"Neva,"he spoke with control, "you knew my plans the dress. She gave it an angry shake. At that precise

when we started going together. I tried to tell you moment a strong gust of wind whipped the dress

what it would be like. After all, it's only temporary, from her hands and sent it skidding across the sand.

please try to make the best of it."Dan's patience Neva stumbled after it. It leaped, whirling into the

was waning. air, then crumpled to the ground; Neva, arms, out-

"There is no best here,"she countered scornfully. stretched, lunged for it, landing on her stomach,

"I'm sorry, Neva, but if you won't try, there's nothing clutching only gritty handfuls of sand. The taunting

I can do. I'm going to the hospital. That will give wind had snatched the dress and hurled it out of sight.

us both some time to cool off."He spoke firmly but did Thoroughly miserable she drew herself up, covering

not raise his voice; he never did, a habit of emotional her eyes with her hands and peering between her

control gleaned from the Dineh. "In the morning we'll fingers.

drive back to town and put you on the first train to The dress was gone. The important thing was to

Wilmette. I'm sure your folks will be glad to have make her way back to the house. As humble as it

you back, at least until our quarters are finished. He was—at least it was shelter. She was surprised to see

walked heavily out of the door and drove off. a rounded outline a few yards away—the Nezes'hogan.

"All right, Dan Wells, if these Indians are more She groped her way to it, circling the hogan to its important to you than I am—"But only the wind doorway. The house should lie directly in front. Sure

heard, as it swirled sand through the opened door enough, she could just barely make out a massive against the intruder. square shape rising out of the fury.

She rummaged through her suitcase, changing to Above the wind, she could hear the frightened comfortable slippers, brown tapered capris, and a cool bleating of the sheep in the nearby corral. Peering

sunyellow blouse. In readiness for the trip tomorrow in that direction she caught a brief glimpse of orange

she took out a flowered, sheer nylon dress, badly and green, conspicuous in the reddish blur that made wrinkled after four days in a suitcase. She pulled out up the seeable world. She moved toward it. Huddled

her traveling iron, then thrust it back with a disgusted against the posts was a Navajo woman, her face click of her tongue. She couldn't even iron in this hidden in her full orange skirt, sand thickly layered in

place. With safety pins she hung the dress outside her hair and the folds of her clothing. Neva dropped

on the clothesline, in hopes the hot wind might blow to her knees and uncovered the face; the two glistening

away the wrinkles. brown eyes of Florence Nez blinked out at her. She

There was nothing else to do, even if she had been quickly wiped her face with her skirt. Neva noticed

in a mood to do it. Petulantly she lay down on the streaks below the eyes where sand had touched

bed, sliding into the sagging middle. Despite the moisture. Tears perhaps? But her face was impaslumps, the heat and headache, she quickly fell asleep. sive. Her tongue was as silent as her expression, offering

When she awoke, her headache was gone. Gone no explanation for crouching against the corral mere

also was the sunlight. She squinted at her watch, it yards from her own door, while the wind heaped sand

was still midafternoon. The single, crooked window upon her.

revealed nothing but thick red dust churned by a "Are you hurt?"Neva shouted against the wind.

raging wind. Florence slowly shook her head, blinking against

"My dress!"she gasped, dashing through the house the swirling sand.

and out the door, sand pelting her face, stinging her "Let me help you to your hogan."She pulled at the

eyes. She groped around the house, peering for the older woman's arm.

clothesline through slitted eyes, angry at Dan, angry "No. I cannot go there."She patted Neva's hand in

at the elements that ravaged the land. The dress a gesture of thanks. "I wait here until the wind stops."

snapped in the wind as she tugged at the snarled pins, "It's only a little way—"Neva persisted.

finally extricating them, but not without damage to "No, Mrs. Wells, I cannot go in. It is Chindee."

NOVEMBER I960 807 Neva looked puzzled. sky, glazed now with the gold of the late afternoon

"I was at the well with the sheep when the storm sun, holding close to her their unaltered beauty, uncame. I hurried them back and went to look after altered even by the storm. So must she be. Both

Hosteen—he needs no more looking after. The hogan storms, that of the land, and her own were over now.

is Chindee."There must remain peace. She felt a kinship to the

Neva grasped for understanding. She recalled Dan land, its strength ebbed in her, revitalizing her, reusing the word—yes, when his young friend was leasing her taut heart to serenity. She gazed at the

placed outside to die so the hogan would not become silent young woman, seeing that her storm still raged,

Chindee. Hosteen Nez must have died in the hogan, wishing to help but not knowing how to cross the

that was why she could not go in. deep arroya that separated them.

Pity flooded through Neva. Here was a woman, "It is time I go to my brother's hogan."

strange and unknown, but still a woman alone and The voice startled Neva, reminding her that she in need. That was a comprehensible thing to Neva. was not alone. "To your brother's? Where does he

Tears flooded Neva's halfclosed eyes and were live?"

whisked off by the wind before they could dampen The Navajo pointed with her chin, "The other side her cheeks. She still could have her husband, be of the trading post."

with him, share his life. She had that choice. But "That's miles from here. You can't walk that far

for Florence Nez the choice was gone. Once, where tonight. Wait till Dan comes, he'll take you. He'd

there had been a family of three, there remained but insist on it."

one. She ached with loneliness for this woman, "Yes—I know he would, that is how he is. But you

loneliness deepened by the moaning wind. are new married, I do not want to take his time from

"Florence,"she grasped the rough hand, "come to you."

our house."Sensing her hesitation, Neva smiled. Neva was amazed at the Navajo's perception. That

Florence rose with the agility and strength inherent she could have seen in those few moments in the to her race. Arm in arm they made their way to the hogan that she was jealous of Dan's time and interest

house, firmly shutting out the elements. in others, a thing she had been unable to see herself.

"I'm terribly sorry about Hosteen. Dan will be "Then I'll ride along, too,"she rose and took Floralso."ence's browned hand in hers. "Please stay."Her

"It was to be. The doctors could do nothing more. voice was intense. The older woman hesitated, then

Even the sing only eased his mind, but did not heal yielded, and walked back to the bench.

his body. Dan knew it would happen. I read it in his "You have been very kind, Mrs. Wells; thank you

eyes."Her face softened, "Hosteen was glad to see for taking me in."

Dan this once more. He thought much of him. Dan The dark eyes were soft, no reproach mirrored

will be a good doctor for us. He loves our people, their depths, yet had she guessed Neva's inhospitality?

he speaks our tongue, and knows our hearts.""There is something I must know."Neva floundered

A pang of conscience sifted through Neva, would for the proper words. "Why, when you found Hosteen

anyone ever speak so endearingly of her? She had didn't you come here to your own house? You knew

always been a taker, never a giver. Dan was the Dan was your friend."She searched Florence's face;

opposite, a giver, not narrowly, but to everyone. Althe dark eyes looked unbending into hers.

ways, if she stayed with him, she would have to share "Yes, Dan is my friend. But you do not underhis giving of himself. She could not imagine him stand about the house. It is not mine now. When a

otherwise. Perhaps she could return to him, some of man and woman marry, it is our way that the woman

what he gave to others, to help even the score. and her relatives build the house, and it is hers. This

"The wind has stopped,"Florence opened the door, house was mine. I gave, not to Dan, to you. It is you

caressing with her eyes the serene red earth and blue to say who enters."{Continued on page 830)

808 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A LETTER

Editor of the Times and Seasons:

Sir: -Through the medium of your paper I wish to other people knoweth our language; therefore he hath

correct an error among men that profess to be learned, prepared means for the interpretation thereof."

liberal and wise; and I do it the more cheerfully be- [Mormon 9:3234.]

cause I hope soberthinking and soundreasoning Here, then, the subject is put to silence; for "none

people will sooner listen to the voice of truth than be other people knoweth our language"; therefore the

led astray by the vain pretensions of the selfwise. Lord, and not man, had to interpret, after the people

The error I speak of is the definition of the word were all dead. And, as Paul said, "The world by

Mormon. It has been stated that this word was derived wisdom knew not God"; [I Cor. 1:21] so the world

from the Greek word mormo. This is not the case. by speculation are destitute of revelation; and as God

There was no Greek or Latin upon the plates from in his superior wisdom has always given his Saints, which I, through the grace of the Lord, translated wherever he had any on the earth, the same spirit, the Book of Mormon. Let the language of the book and that spirit as John says, is the true spirit of prophspeak for itself. ecy, which is the testimony of Jesus. I may safely

of the independent stands Mormon say that the word it reads: edition, fourth of the page the 523rd On

... generation. of this learning and wisdom accordthis record written -behold we have now,"And

ing to our knowledge in the characters which are The word Mormon, means literally, more good.

called among us the Reformed Egyptian, being handed down and altered by us, according to our manner of speech; and if our plates had been sufficiently large, Jp<>-"we should have written in Hebrew; but the Hebrew

hath been altered by us also; and if we could have

written in Hebrew, behold, ye would have had no Times and Seasons 4:194

imperfection in our record. But the Lord knoweth DHC 5:399400

the 'things which we have written, and also that none May 1843

NOVEMBER I960 809 theBOOK MORMON

il/ J t

u-

# &0t>-eC JLthUZ /LuJ cLJU&-\ s

/> SaA <? A

/.M.D.A,

...M.D.

BY STERLING W. SILL

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE!

H The other day some psychologist friends of mine tronic computer equivalent to the human brain for taught me the new word that serves as the title for less than three billion dollars. But even so, who could

this page. Don't try to look this word up in the endow an electronic computer with Edison's power of

dictionary as it may be some time before the dictionary invention, or with Socrates'ability to reason, or with catches up to my friends by finding out what it means. the insight and foresight of Jesus who took the ordinary

This nice big word bibliotherapy was compounded things around him and translated them into motives from some Greek words meaning "books"and "treatand ideals of the greatest value. When Diogenes

ment."Briefly it denotes a selfimprovement, remedy leaped from his bath and ran down the street crying

or cure brought about by reading good books, and "Eureka, eureka,"it was because of the most thrilling what could be more important in our lives? Someone of all human experiences, he was having an idea.

has said, "Books are among life's most precious possesThe mind is most productive when it is properly sions. They are the most remarkable creation of nourished and stimulated, and this is where biblioman. Nothing else that man builds ever lasts. Monutherapy comes into the picture. For even the word

ments fall; civilizations perish; but books continue. of God himself doesn't do us very much good if we

The perusal of a great book is as it were an interview don't know what it says. To bring about our imwith the noblest men of past ages who have written it. provement these ideas must be put into effective

Charles Kingsley once said: "There is nothing more operation. Even the Creator's three billion dollars'

wonderful than a book. It may be a message to us worth of equipment which we have possession of must

from the dead, from human souls we never saw, who be trained to translate good ideas into success and lived perhaps thousands of miles away. And yet these accomplishment. This is not always done as shown

little sheets of paper speak to us, arouse us, teach us, by the fact that many of us are still making about the open our hearts, and in turn open their hearts to us like same mistakes that have been made thousands of brothers. Without books, to the great majority, God times before.

is silent, justice is dormant, philosophy is lame."Woodrow Wilson touched on our problem when he

John Milton said, "Books are not dead things but said, "The greatest ability of the American people is contain a certain potency of life in them as active as their ability to resist instruction."I suppose most of

the soul whose progeny they are. They preserve as us have our share of that unfortunate evidence of our

in a vial the purest efficacy of the living intellect that own mistraining. Even the great books do not tell

bred them."Then at the very center of our greatest some of us as much as they do others. I suppose there

literature we find the holy scriptures giving us the are some people who could read the entire Holy Bible thoughts of God himself. But one of our greatest from cover to cover and throughout the entire process

difficulties is that we don't always digest ideas very they themselves would remain unchanged. Thomas

well, and of course if we don't understand the message, A. Edison elaborated on one facet of this weakness

it doesn't matter very much how wonderful it may be. when he said, "There is no limit to which a man will

Someone said that it "isn't the water's fault if the not go to avoid thinking."Thinking is one of the

swimmer can't swim."It might also be said that it hardest, most unpleasant things that some of us ever

"isn't the fault of the word of the Lord if we lose our try to do, and yet Solomon said, "As he [a man] thinkblessings because we don't take the time to understand eth in his heart, so is he."Now, if we are what we

it."think, and if we don't think, just where does that leave

The instrument by which we make great ideas availus? At least it indicates, whether we realize it or not,

able for our use is that wonder of wonders that we call that we have a very important problem to be solved.

the human mind. A prominent neurophysicist recently Some time ago a man was heard to say that in the

said that it would be impossible to construct an eleclast five years he had never read one single book.

NOVEMBER 1960 811 What a tragedy this would have been even in the It is interesting to think of the millions of dollars

Dark Ages! But how much more unfortunate it is that we are presently spending each year to send

in our own age of wonders and enlightenment which messages of various kinds out over the major radio we refer to as the "Dispensation of the Fulness of networks. What are these messages about and how

Times."Another man said that there were only two important are they in improving our lives? Someone

books in the world that had ever done him any good. once asked Lowell Thomas, the great radio comOne was his mother's cookbook and the other was mentator and broadcaster, what was the greatest meshis father's checkbook. sage that he had ever had a part in broadcasting. Or, he

There are many important values in books other asked, what was the greatest message that he could than these, and if we can get the ideas out of the conceive, that could be broadcast to the people of the books and in to us, we may cure this stifling indisposiworld? Mr. Thomas replied that the greatest message

tion pointed out by the Lord that many are "walking that he could conceive would be that God had again in darkness at noonday."spoken to his people upon the earth.

Someone has compared the problem of getting good The entire work of the Church revolves around this ideas into our daily program with that experience had important fact: that in the early spring of 1820 in

by Goliath. You remember that young David threw answer to a question which young Joseph Smith got

a rock at the giant, and after the whole thing was from the Holy Bible, God not only spoke to his people over someone said that such a thing had never entered upon the earth, but he also came in person in the

Goliath's head before. It is our present most urgent most striking manifestation of which we have any

need to get more things into our heads and our hearts, record. Not only did he come in person, but he caused

and our daily activities. We need to read more, think that the message should be written down for our

more, study more, understand more, believe more, benefit in three great volumes of new scripture, outand live more. To assist us in doing this is the funclining in every detail the simple principles of his plan

tion of bibliotherapy. for human salvation.

There is a physician in Birmingham, Alabama, who Most of us over our lifetimes attend a great many goes around writing prescriptions for sick people to conventions of one kind or another, and frequently be filled not at drugstores but at bookstores because when an important presentation is made, someone asks he knows what all of us know, that most of the people for a written copy in order to study it more closely who occupy sickbeds are there because of mental or and make sure that nothing will be missed. From this

emotional disturbances. Sins, guilt complexes, and point of view, what a tremendous thing it is for us

our other wrong thinking and harmful activities proto have a wordfor-word possession of the ideas that duce poisons that make the body sick. As has been God thinks are important for us. These we may go

pointed out, one doesn't get stomach ulcers because over as many times as we choose, to memorize selected of what he eats, he gets stomach ulcers because of passages and make them a living part of our lives.

what is eating him. And that is how we get many of The fact that "no man can be saved in ignorance"

our nervous problems, heart impairments, and other gives this idea of bibliotherapy the greatest of signifiorganic diseases. cance. Emerson touched upon our problems when

Of course, one of the most important functions of he said, "On the brink of the ocean of life and truth bibliotherapy has to do with keeping the spirit from we are miserably dying. Sometimes we are furthest

getting sick. Over the door of the library of the away when we are closest by."So frequently that is

ancient city of Thebes an old Egyptian king intrue. Think how near they were who lived conscribed these words, "Medicine for the Soul."What temporaneously with Jesus. Jesus lived among them.

most of us need more than about anything else is a He walked down their streets. They knew of his

good dose of inspiration occasionally. And the most miracles. They had the earlier scriptures foretelling

effective medicine to cure our world and each of its his life. His saving precepts were easily available to

inhabitants would be a prescription from the word of them, and yet they were so far away. In their igthe Lord, we need more of the medicine of the great norance they condemned him to death, and then

scriptures. pronounced their own doom upon themselves by

We remember that part that bibliotherapy played in saying, "His blood be upon us and our children."

the success of Abraham Lincoln. We first see him And so it has been. And so it may be with us. We

lying before the open fire of his backwoods home are also so near. We have all of the scriptures that

reading The Life of Washington by W. R. Weems and others possess. We have the judgment of time shinthe Holy Bible. Then we follow these influences as ing upon the life of Christ. The gospel has been

they lift him up to become one of the most noble men restored in a fulness never before known to the of the earth. world; we have the personal testimony of many wit812 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

nesses, both ancient and modern, and in addition we others had gone I introduced myself and told him have these three great volumes of new scripture. But how much I had enjoyed hearing him speak and

even so, if we do not understand the message, we reading his book. But he had said some things that

like those who lived in the Meridian of Time, may I could not understand, and I would appreciate it if be so far away. he would discuss them with me. He said that he

Isn't it strange how interested we may become in would be very glad to do so.

Dead Sea Scrolls or other literature, the value of I said, "In your book you have some phrases like which is open to question, and yet pay so little attenthese: send your roots down into God. I cannot

tion to a great volume of holy scripture put into our understand that. In another place it says, immerse

hands by an angel of God? What could be more yourself in God. I cannot understand that. In animportant than the idea of Mr. Thomas that the other place it says, fill your mind with God. I cannot

greatest of all messages would be that God had again understand that. And I would appreciate it if you

spoken to man upon the earth. Yet what does it would explain to me your understanding of what

profit us if we do not venture to find out what he said? God is?"

It is reported that President J. Golden Kimball once He said, "Very frankly, I don't know what God is,

asked those present at a stake conference how many and I don't know of anyone who does know what God would like to read the sealed portion of the Book of is."And then he said something very similar to what

Mormon plates, and they all raised their hands. Then Mr. Thomas had said, that if someone could tell us

he asked how many had read that part of the record what God is and what his ideas were, that would be that was not sealed, and many of the hands went the greatest knowledge that could ever come into the down. world.

In one of the most impelling commandments of our Then I asked this man to give me his interpretation time the Lord has said, "Seek ye out of the best of the verse in Genesis that says that God created books words of wisdom,"and one of the best of those man in his own image. He said, "There is one thing

"best books"is the Book of Mormon, "the American of which I am reasonably certain in my own mind, volume of scripture."The Lord himself gave it to us and that is that God is not an anthropomorphic God."

The Prophet Joseph Smith said, "I told the brethren That is, he is not the God in whose image man was that the Book of Mormon was the most correct of created. "

any book on earth and the keystone of our religion, Here is one of the most popular ministers in the and that a man would get nearer to God by abiding world who doesn't know what God is, although that by its precepts than by any other book."(DHC 4:461.) would seem to make salvation impossible as Jesus

The Book of Mormon may serve us as a passport to himself said, "And this is life eternal, that they might the celestial kingdom. The book itself states its purknow thee, the only true God and Jesus Christ whom

pose is that men may be persuaded that Jesus is the thou hast sent."(John 17:3.)

Christ, the Eternal Son of God. (See Mormon 5:14.) But this great minister not only doesn't know who

Just think how it would change our world for good God is, but he also doesn't understand the literal if everyone in the world knew, that above the dicresurrection of the body nor the three degrees of tators and above chance and circumstance, there is glory; he doesn't believe in the preexistence nor the

God to whom every human being must finally render eternity of the family relationship, nor the atonement, an account of his life. It was foretold that the Book nor salvation for the dead. He doesn't know what

of Mormon would come in a day when many should officers should be in the Church, nor what the name of doubt or actually disbelieve the Bible. It is one of the Church should be. He doesn't even understand

the tragic characteristics of our time that even many the simple doctrine of baptism, as he told me that I ministers of religion have forsaken the Bible to teach could come into his church with a letter of recomtheir own philosophies. mendation from my bishop or letters of reference from

Some time ago I was in one of the great cities of friends, or I could come in on my own certification our country and went to hear one of the foremost of good character. He told me I could be baptized

ministers of the world speak. After the meeting was or not as I chose; and if I decided to be baptized, I

over I bought one of his books and read it very could be sprinkled or immersed. The ordinance could

carefully coming home on the train. Three weeks be performed by my daughter or my wife or by anylater I was again in this city, and again I went to one else of my choosing.

hear this man speak. After the meeting was over a That is what he thinks, and yet almost the final

large group of people lined up to shake his hand, word of Jesus before his ascension into heaven was, and I got on the end of the line. After all of the "He that believeth and (Continued on page 826)

NOVEMBER I960 813 WILFORD WOODRUFF According to the custom of the Mormon elders then, as now, a meeting was appointed at the schoolhouse, and notices were circulated throughout the village. The story of this new experience is told by

Wilford Woodruff in a simple and beautiful manner:

"Upon my arrival home my sisterin-law informed me of the meeting. I

immediately turned out my horses and started for the schoolhouse without waiting for supper. On my way I prayed most sincerely that the Lord would

give me his Spirit, and that if these men were the servants of God I might know it, and that my heart might be prepared to receive the divine message they had to deliver.

"When I reached the place of meeting, I found the house already packed. My brother

tTeBOOKJ Azmon was there before MORMON CONVERSIONS Iequallyarrived.eager Heto hearwas

what these men had to say. I crowded my way

through the assembly and seated myself upon THROUGH THE one of the writing desks where I could see and hear everything that took place.

"Elder Pulsipher opened with prayer. HeBOOK OF MORMON knelt down and asked

the Lord in the name of Jesus Christ for what he wanted. His manner of

prayer and the influence which went with it impressed me greatly. The

Spirit of the Lord rested upon me and bore witness that he was a servant of

God. After singing, he preached to the people for an hour and a half. The

Spirit of God rested mightily upon him, and he bore a strong testimony of the divine authenticity of the Book of Mormon and of the mission of the

Prophet Joseph Smith. I believed all that he said. The Spirit bore witness

of its truth. Elder Cheney then arose and added his testimony to the truth

of the words of Elder Pulsipher.

"Liberty was then given by the elders to anyone in the congregation to arise and speak for or against what they had heard as they might choose.

Almost instantly I found myself upon my feet. The Spirit of the Lord urged

me to bear testimony to the truth of the message delivered by these elders.

I exhorted my neighbors and friends not to oppose these men; for they were the

true servants of God. They had preached to us that night the pure gospel

of Jesus Christ. When I sat down, my brother Azmon arose and bore a

similar testimony. He was followed by several others."

WILLARD RICHARDS At the age of ten years he removed with his father's family to Richmond, Mass., where he witnessed several sectarian "revivals"

and offered himself to the Congregational Church at that place at the age of seventeen, having previously passed the painful ordeal of conviction and conversion, even to the belief that he had committed the unpardonable sin.

But the total disregard of that church to his request for admission led him

814 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to a more thorough investigation of the principles of religion, when he became convinced that the sects were all wrong and that God had no church on the earth, but that he would soon have a church whose creed would be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. From that time he kept himself aloof

from sectarian influence, boldly declaring his belief, to all who wished to learn his views, until the summer of 1835, when, while in the practice of medicine, near Boston, the Book of Mormon, which President

Brigham Young had left with his cousin Lucius Parker, at Southborough, accidentally or providentially fell in his way. This was the first he had seen or heard of the Latterday Saints, except the scurrilous records

of the public prints which amounted to nothing more than that "a boy named Joe Smith, somewhere out West, had found a Gold Bible."He opened the book, without regard to place, and totally ignorant of its design

or contents, and before reading half a page, declared that, "God or the devil has had a hand in that book, for man never wrote it."He read it twice through in about ten days; and so firm was his conviction of

the truth, that he immediately commenced settling his accounts, selling his medicine, and freeing himself from every incumbrance, that he might go to Kirtland, Ohio, seven hundred miles west, the nearest point he could hear of a Saint, and give the work a thorough investigation; firmly believing, that if the doctrine

was true, God had some greater work for him to do than peddle pills. But no sooner did he commence a

settlement, than he was smitten with the palsy, from which he suffered exceedingly, and was prevented from executing his design, until October, 1836, when he arrived at Kirtland, in company with his brother (Doctor

Levi Richards, who attended him as physician), where he was most cordially and hospitably received and entertained by his cousin, Brigham Young, with whom he tarried, and gave the work an unceasing and untiring investigation, until Dec. 31, 1836, when he was baptized by Brigham Young, at Kirtland. (LDS Biographical Encyclopedia by Andrew Jenson, Vol. I, p. 5354.)

PARLEY P. PRATT Arriving at Rochester, I informed my wife that, notwithstanding our passage being paid

through the whole distance, yet I must leave the boat and her to pursue her passage to our friends; while

I would stop awhile in this region. Why, I did not know; but so it was plainly manifest by the Spirit to

me. I said to her, "We part for a season; go and visit our friends in our native place; I will come soon,

but how soon I know not; for I have a work to do in this region of country, and what it is, or how long it

will take to perform it, I know not; but I will come when it is performed."

My wife would have objected to this; but she had seen the hand of God so plainly manifest in his dealings

with me many times, that she dare not oppose the things manifest to me by his Spirit.

She, therefore, consented; and I accompanied her as far as Newark, a small town upwards of one

hundred miles from Buffalo, and then took leave of her, and of the boat.

It was early in the morning, just at the dawn of day; I walked ten miles into the country, and stopped

to breakfast with a Mr. Wells. I proposed to preach in the evening. Mr. Wells readily accompanied me

through the neighborhood to visit the people and circulate the appointment.

We visited an old Baptist deacon by the name of Hamlin. After hearing of our appointment for the

evening, he began to tell of a book, a strange book, a very strange book! in his possession, which had been

just published. This book, he said, purported to have been originally written on plates either of gold or

brass, by a branch of the tribes of Israel; and to have been discovered and translated by a young man near

Palmyra, in the state of New York, by the aid of visions, or the ministry of angels. I inquired of him how

or where the book was to be obtained. He promised me the perusal of it, at his house the next day, if I would

call. I felt a strange interest in the book. I preached that evening to a small audience, who appeared to

be interested in the truths which I endeavored to unfold to them in a clear and lucid manner from the scriptures. Next morning I called at his house, where, for the first time, my eyes behold the "Book of Mormon"

—that book of books—that record which reveals the antiquities of the "New World"back to the remotest

ages, and which unfolds the destiny of its people and the world for all time to come;—that book which contains the fulness of the gospel of a crucified and risen Redeemer;—that book which reveals a lost remnant of

Joseph, and which was the principal means, in the hands of God, of directing the entire course of my future life.

I opened it with eagerness and read its title page. I then read the testimony of several witnesses in

relation to the manner of its being found and translated. After this I commenced its contents by course.

I read all day; eating was a burden, I had no desire for food; sleep was a burden when the night came, for I

preferred reading to sleep. (Continued on page 836)

NOVEMBER I960 815 | II I I I '( i

X

CO CO co co CD CD CD tO 4-J 03 t.0 CCD rd c03 B "J C3o o3 B X coCD 9-03 rG P-i CO > -2 * "aJCO S o oHBco rP S bo > Bc bO B S—CD -MB,rt co bto CD CD coB 'B <D B CDCOCD 03 ** CD ft C i-| fi CD ffihM S CD con to O CDo CD;- CT3 rP ft O CD T3,Q toO

CD Ph.2 rP asu rp bOT3 B 3 w 03 > CDB W 03 B 03 MH-O < fa B03 B.23 r-!o 03 rP co. >o "G Oo -t- CD P T3 CD * 4JB S ca BOo S CD cd CD B > S CD B 4 T3ou ft nc3 O 2 CD ftT3—03

1 0) CD Cco "ft CDBCD co OOj a- c-i 03CO Sh CO 03ft. pB ft0)H I—I—S bO s!h CD ft 4-> Bc CO -V 03 B CD. o<di—03 o3 o <D. CD BCD 3 o CO O CD T3 U CDaXCD rQ >O T3 rB CD o3 B O 2 6 5 a T3 S pBU

1 8 P fq P-< 5rH T3 B5 O O CDN 03> j-h CD OSft O O B "P '& CD rB W CD m CD CD =0 s03 B. T3 I—3O ftX CD CD tOQ o 1o M Z co tS CD Bo co H MB CD a—'o bO CDB '"B OO -b, -a 4 ) B r*5CDQ cj O B I P 4—CD O 2 CD P CO B C.O s S t s W P*oo * - > 03 coCO.a s tS r a) o PQ CD CO -B pB S S CD 5 Q CO co fj to bO CDCO %* >o CD rB B >, M fa ft B CO r-Ha T3 ftT3 BH co a B pQ &to too c COBC ja.5 I O ft CDco c3 In B tC nO g 9cd Tj PB B "M 15.5 O ft CD bO pB B -i -B "to B to CD o CD CD B 'i-H ft ft P CD 03 g O o rH oo pp B BCD r-H t-Ha CDrH < r5 o CD PQ gB O &C CO a bO& to rP 03 ft OCD S- B—r P H O +"I—73 rP +-> O T3.P rfeT= nd.Pgo CD ftco pBE CD cd O CD * iH > 8CD o B aB B c capa ft -a +- a!ho CD SCO Cfl CO O M-l 03H.2 B C/3 % > CD pQ s pQ OH. BCD "0 co s CDH CTi O CD B bO.B p oB p pP."S g O% <; Okx iH <sB B >.9 cdcoCD in cd Cj5-1 CDSm03 pt> crCD o *-"P Bou <-w< CD CD co Is 'ft PQ 'ft Bcd B s

j-j cd JS 03 p03 O aB o 03f—r> o CD>BO po3 CO CO C3 co -pH arSh 03ft &OJ TB CO ft 43 O ftOo-I B O sco pq

i

o

co >oo

Pi—co co CO <Da

OJ T3

'. *!*,——% <y

i /

-'% if i i

Young Nephi Subdues his Rebellious Brothers,

Lehi and his People Arrive in the Promised Land.

i i

o

bo

b4

CO CO

CO

CO

P

i—I

o

5-io

o U

X

c/3VN1—

a PQ

a Ammon Defends the Flocks of King Lamoni.

Helaman Leads an Army of 2,000 Ammonite Youths piia

SiftlFrom original oil paintings. 7.959 by David O. McKay. Trusteein-Trustfor the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

The Brother of Jared Sees the Finger of the Lord.

Church Moves On tained as head of West Jordan Stake organized as a branch in 1885, with with new counselors, Elders C. Elmo Elder Orrin P. Miller as president.

(Continued from page 775) Turner and Edmund L. McDougal. He became the first bishop of RiverPresident Barben's former counselors ton Ward in 1886, and later president

Second. Branches are Canon City, were Elders Beckstead and Turner. of the stake. Bishop Miller served

La Junta, Rye, Trinidad, and Raton These changes were effected by as a counselor in the Presiding Bish- (New Mexico.) Approximately 2260 Elder Delbert L. Stapley of the opric of the Church from 1901 to

members reside in the stake. The Council of the Twelve, assisted by 1918.

organization was effected by Elders President Antoine R. Ivins of the Elder Glenn C. Shaw sustained as

Marion G. Romney and LeGrand First Council of the Seventy. Riversecond counselor to President Philo

Richards of the Council of the ton, which gives this, the 303rd stake T. Edwards of Sharon ( Utah ) Stake,

Twelve. In 1846, members of the of the Church, its name, was first succeeding Elder Cecil Wagstaff.

sick detachment of the famed Mormon Battalion and a colony of Mississippi Saints wintered in the

Pueblo area.

Taber (Alberta) Stake, organized for those you love from portions of Lethbridge Stake with Elder Ray B. Evanson sustained SEASON'S GREETINGS

as president with Elders James H.

Tanner, Jr., and Keith E. Francis as

counselors. Elder Elmo E. Fletcher,

formerly first counselor to President

Grant G. Woolley, succeeds him aspresident. President Fletcher's counto

selors are Elder John Owen Steed, who served as second counselor to

President Woolley, and Elder R.Donald Livingstone. These organCatfds

izations were presided over by picturing you and your family

Elders Delbert L. Stapley and Howard W. Hunter of the Council of

the Twelve. Taber has been a name

of a Church unit since March 15, 1904, when a branch of the Church was organized. With the Pikes Peak

and Taber stakes, the number of stakes are now 302.

Elder Carman Alonzo Black sustained as president of Liberty (Salt

Lake City) Stake, succeeding President Walter W. Hunter. President

Black's counselors are Elders Don 50 CARDS with ENVELOPES $2.97

Roy Earl and Wells Barney Menden100 CARDS with ENVELOPES $5.49

hall. Released with President Hunter CHOOSE YOUR FAVORITE

were his counselors, Elders Sheldon FAMILY SNAPSHOT

R. Brewster and Abraham L. Stout. The most delightfully warm and

The First Presidency advised that personal Christmas Greeting of so inexpensive!—and Runthe United States Constitution be reall

favorite family through your called in meetings, to coincide with negatives now—pick the one

the national observance of Conyou want to appear on your stitution Week. The knowledge Christmascoupon belowCard today.—and Yourmail

that the Constitution is an inspired Christmas cards will be on their document is found in the Doctrine way to you in a few weeks, and Covenants, notably section 101. envelopesavoid disappointment!and all! Order now to

PHOTO LAB Riverton Stake organ- (Utah) 1115, Dept. P.O. Box AA, Salt Lake City, Utah

parts of ized from West ILLUSTRATED: NEW SAM'S

find "SLIMLINE"enclosed for $ Stake with Jordan Elder J. Photos with attached negatives. I want:. Christmas CARD - ACTUAL SIZE: Please BerrettHarold sustained as president

and Elders Leonard C. Beckstead ZW'tl"Please Print

and Merrill E. Worsley as counselors. SATISFACTION GUARANTEED Name

AddressPresident Howard W. Barben reORDER NOW!

delivery guarantee on orders City Sorry! No RESIDENTS of UTAHStateadd 2Vi% TAX

1. received after Decemberof

NOVEMBER 1960 825

l/Uordniptui Bibliotherapy Where Are the Original

. 55one (Continued from page 813) Manuscripts? is baptized shall be saved, and he ( Continued from page 803

that believeth not shall be damned."lead to protect the contents from

(Mark 16:16.) That sounds as if moisture, and a stone had been closeJesus thought baptism was pretty imly cut to fit into the cavity, which

portant, and who should know, better had been made in the cornerstone than he, what is in our interests? to receive these things, which stone

How wonderfully this minister's was fitted in its place and cemented, situation could be changed by a where it was thought that the papers "treatment"from the books containand other articles would be preing the direct revelations of the served without decay or injury for

Lord to our day. We have made ages, if not disturbed."

some valuable discoveries in our The old wall of the Nauvoo House time, but the most important diswas torn down about 1882, and it discovered that the cornerstone ever is when made man wasthat adds to covery had not been tight, that the and discovers and takes advantage God of the blessings that are thereby elements had done irreparable damage to the manuscript and the other to available him.

contents. Peter, said to "I will givethe iKeuerence madeJesus

thee Mrs. the keys of Sarah of the kingdom of Salt M. Kimball Lake

visited Cityof your heaven,unto and whatsoever thou shall Nauvoo in 1883 and was religious service heaven,bind on andearthwhatsoevershall be thouboundshallin shownscript bywhatMajorwasLewisleft ofC. theBidamon,manuloose on earth shall be loosed in who had married Emma Smith, the

heaven."(Matt. 16:19.) This power Prophet's widow. He permitted her

is available at the very time when to select some of the sheets. She

some are wondering if salvation was selected twentythree pages, which intended only for those who lived appeared to be the most legible, two thousand years ago, or if God brought them to Salt Lake City, and has now changed his program or fingave them to President Smith who ished his work and gone out of busiplaced them in the Church Hisness. How it would benefit the lives torian's Office.

of everyone upon the earth to underIn May 1885, Elder Franklin D.

stand fully all that is involved in Richards of the Council of the the fact that in our own day God Twelve and his son, Charles C, again has the appeared earth upon arrived in Nauvoo. Major Bidamon arrangeconsole dimensions andPlaying to reestablish a knowlamong men then was operating in a hotel that specifications to the rigidlyments conform of the of Genesis. edge has God He city. the In of Elder Richards: words of Organists. Guildof the American certain us given the information that quite willingly were shown "We

of the Genesis the of and God God offers Wurlitzer Organ all A that [in remained BidaMajor is also the Calvary of the DisGodrich, worshipful reverent and mon's possession] of the manuscript Churchtone—a of pensation of the Fulness Times; contribution to themoving Church. of the of Book Mormon. The

full that benefits of the the andService. is paper yellow with age from. and.

if are gospel available will now we the It at its places the moisture of sweated any from command own only ourselves inform about them.

is hiding It infinite place.organist tradibrittle to of range an the

front of the of the In Book Mortouch.tional of voices. the organ leaves Transmitted crumble Many

is a testimonial signed eleven by mon by like ashes,Wurlitzer's Fidelity Sysand are High some Sound of them in to addition the Prophet men is result Ittem, the broken is glorious away. to necessary organ

Smith. handle the care.music... truly Music's Richest Voice. Joseph with them utmost There is not one among us who,

is is writing legible The faint and not the situation, understood if he would lines, fragcontinuous on many but disbelieve that testimony.

clauses The mentary and even whole WurliTzer Organs daregreatest of all messages is that God verses are occasionally discernFREE had again spoken to man upon the ible

Church Organ isearth,for andus tothefindgreatestout whatof allhe goodhas "When they were placed before

Fund Raising Kit said and then govern ourselves our eyes we gazed with rapture and accordingly. reverence upon them. Our hands

trembled as we touched the frail 'The Wurlitzer Company edges of the leaves across which the 111.iDept. 1160, IEDeKalb, Oliver the had traced is habit reading the The only wellbeloved of

'Please information send about me divine words the coming from is in the enjoyment there which no alloy; I Kit Raising Organs. and Wurlitzer Fund

... Prophet's mouth. it lasts all I pleasures other when fade.

j NAME—Anthony Trollope "When the proprietor saw the pro-

I ADDRESS

I | CITY.... ZONE.... STATE826 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

.'

Thayer D. Evans and the Evans Quartet practicing in the Sons of the Utah Pioneers'Museum.

Postum is the natural wholegrain drink that warms the heart

''f>0 ****#* Have a cup of friendship... have a cup of Postum. So many

talented people do. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals,

slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor. It's hearty,

healthful, hospitable.

Postum is 100% coffeefree, contains no caffein or other artificial stimulants. Ready in an instant, it's always welcome.

Make sure you always have Postum on hand.

100% coffeefree Another fine product of General Foods

NOVEMBER I960 827

found interest with which we reknowing as I did where the original garded these things he spoke to us was, [even then in the old cornerabout them with great respect and stone] I turned to the testimony of generosity. We talked with him the eleven witnesses and asked

upon the subject of the writings at Father Whitmer if he and the other considerable length, and through his witnesses signed their own names to complaisance, when we came away, their testimony to the Book of Morwe brought with us all of the manumon, when Father Whitmer unscripts and have them in our poshesitatingly replied with emphasis, quality session."(Desenei News, December 'We each signed our own name.'

14,, 1946, p. 7. 'Then,'said I, 'how is it that the

copper printing Another report states that while names of the witnesses are found plates Major Bidamon said that Elder here written in the same hand?'

replied, gratedon't Richards to it, he Father Whitmer 5 was welcome 1 color process for signed fully accepted twenty dollars have the know. Oliver must

or black old manuscript. them.'Then I said, 'Where are the

& white These pages remained in the original documents?'He replied, 1

Richards family for over sixty years. don't know.'...

Then in December 1946, it was an- "I do not blame him for supposing nounced that President George Alit was the original, for he knew no bert Smith had received the old better, or perhaps had forgotten that manuscript from Elder Charles C. a copy was made of the original."

Richards. (Deseret Evening News, December

At the Church Historian's Office a 23,1899.)

task of love and care and science David Whitmer held this manuwas begun. A photographer was script for nearly thirtyeight years,

selected, and the matter was thoruntil his death which occurred oughly studied. When the project January 25, 1888.

was begun, ultraviolet lights were Herman C. Smith, a historian of

used in an attempt to bring out the the Reorganized Church, has been

CALL COLLECT I IVSS'v-H—RICHMOND 92396 handwriting, and finegrained panquoted by The Saints'Herald, the

ENGRAVING COMPANY cromatic film was used. The probofficial publication of that church, as

or write 1242 Santee St., Los Angeles 75, Calif. lem was to turn the pages as they follows:

were set up before the camera lens. "The one [manuscript] used by the

Sometimes the staff members of the printer was doubtless left in the

Historian's Office used paper to lift custody of Oliver Cowdery and by the manuscript sheets to turn them him transferred to David Whitmer,

Get worlds over. Even with all the care, some and finally fell into the hands of the

of the sheets of the manuscript broke Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ of hot water apart before their eyes. of Latter Day Saints, and is still in

Some of the photographic results good condition."( The Saints'Herald,

3 times as fast of that project may be seen as illusSeptember 26, 1949; vol. 96, page

with a 802803.trations in this magazine. (See pages 920.)The original manuscript that

Now, what of the other manuOliver and others penned sometime "QUICK RECOVERY"script—the second copy that Oliver earlier, as the words fell from the

Cowdery made? After the book was lips of the Prophet, was placed by

printed, Oliver kept that copy as the the Prophet in the cornerstone of the

Prophet had kept the first. Nauvoo House, October 2, 1841. ELECTRIC After the death of Oliver in March All that is left, approximately 125

1850, his copy came into the hands pages, some of which are worn and of David Whitmer, Oliver's brothercrumbled, are now in the possession inlaw. In the fall of 1878, Elders of the Church of Jesus Christ of WATER Orson Pratt and Joseph F. Smith of Latterday Saints in Salt Lake City.

the Council of the Twelve visited HEATER David Whitmer at Richmond, Missouri.

Elder Smith states:

"Father Whitmer showed us the manuscript in his own house in the There is not another nation [the presence of David C. Whitmer, the United States of America] under

son of Jacob Whitmer, Philander heaven, in whose midst the Book of

Page, David J. Whitmer, son Mormon could have been brought

of David Whitmer, George W. forth.

Schweich, Col. James W. Black, Hon. Discourses of Brigham Young,

J. R. B. VanCleave, and others. And p. 109.

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

828 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA New Yorkers were AMAZED By a Frank Newspaper Series That Discussed

VITAMIN PRICE COMPARISONS Now You Too Can Learn How To Save...

:::lv.i: J STOP PAYING HIGH PRICES FOR

I:::;..::::::;;:::::: ".':::: """''."".:.':..': f:m;:mi:g;m::<M:iiSiii mmmamsVITA

A recent public service study of Patent Vitamin Catalog. This interest prompted

Medicines in one of New York's leading us to tell the entire nation our story.

evening newspapers, devoted one entire installment to vitamins and disclosed Hudson Vitamin Products has been many interesting highlights about the serving doctors and nurses for over 25 sale of Vitamins and VitaminMineral years and now you, too, can purchase combinations. your Vitamins direct from Hudson at

savings up to and more. after 50% Page

of the startling in this revelations One in the page Free Catalog Hudson shows article frank of wide variance was the dollar tremendous savings on Vitamins, prices. Vitamin VitaminMineral combinations Food and

The following three paragraphs taken Supplements.

from the series, as it appeared, are of particular concern to every family buyHere is one example from the Hudson ing Vitamins. Vitamin Catalog: A very popular multiple vitamin that is taken once-a-day,

"Any particular vitamin bottled under regularly sells for about $3.10 per 100

one label is, for all practical and thera-... the Hudson formula sells for only

peutic purposes, the same as if it is $1.50 per 100.

bottled under another label. The fact is,

most of the Vitamin concentrates conHere is another—a wellknown high

sumed in America are produced by only potency B complex formula with Vita- a few companies. min C and minerals (similar to a brand

nationally advertised at $4.40 per 100) list ingredients "The in of a Vitamin 100 direct per the from is thing the compound one consumer can Catalog..Hudson.. onlyVitamin$2.10 almost always depend correct. on to be

Any company which fails to label the These are only two examples that you bottle with the exact formula and amount will find in our 40 page catalog that is (or unit strength) of each ingredient simple, easy to read and has been a risks a seizure by the U. S. Government. Vitamin buying guide for millions from

"Bearing that in mind, it is interestcoast-tocoast.

to ing a pick up catalogs Vitamin few for Write the it and to show the and prices compare charged if doctor by difyour you by all means, Cataloglike—but, ferent companies for the same Vitamin discover for yourself why has Hudson compounds."

become a direct moneysaving source

Following publication of the installfor Vitamins throughout the nation. All

ment we received hundreds of telephone Hudson Vitamin Products are sold with calls requesting copies of the Hudson a money back guarantee.

HUDSON VITAMIN PRODUCTS, INC.

89 Seventh Avenue, Dept, M-832, New York 11, New York

MAIL THIS COUPON TODAY!

Accepted HUDSON VITAMIN PRODUCTS, Inc. Dept. M-832

Hudson Vitamins 89 Seventh Avenue, New York 11, New York have been awarded both the Please mail me your Free Hudson Vitamin Catalog. parents'magazine

commendation seal ADDRESS Mc call's parents;, MAGAZINE and

USETESTED SEAL NAME CITY ZONE STATE World's Leading Directby-Mail Vitamin Company

NOVEMBER 1960 829 Stranger in the Land

(Continued from page 808) Neva's cheeks burned. No matter

how great her need, Florence would not have come to this, her own house, which she had freely given to a stranger—a rude, ungrateful, blundering stranger. Her quiet selfreliance would not permit such a

breech of dignity.

"Please do not be upset,"Florence relieved the silence, "I understand."

Neva looked at the Navajo woman.

It was a fine handsome face. A proud

face which failed to reveal the deep humility of the heart. True, its surface was weathered, which was all

Neva had seen in the beginning, but this was softened by a serenity for life. To know the kindness, the selfreliance, the compassion born of

understanding, was to admire—even

to love her. To be like her was to

face the world unafraid, to weather its storms, to learn courage through its hardships. To live in a strange

land of strange ways and become a part of it.

A warmth coursed through Neva, "Thank you, Florence. Thank you

for coming into my house, for coming into my life."Feeling that tears

might again begin to flow, she spoke more lightly, "And please, don't ever hesitate to come here to your house—my house,"she corrected. "As long

as it is mine, you are welcome."

At the sound of a car pulling to a stop, Neva burst from the house and ran to Dan's arms.

I as after the soon I could came as FRIENDLY PEOPLE "Neva, darling, are you all right? storm. frighthave must been You

When you need help a phone call brings the man from Farmers... fast. ened. I never should have brought

He works in your interest, saves you time and trouble. He inspects you into this desolation."He hugged

damages, arranges for repairs, can even sign the check. Farmers is her to him.

famous for fair settlement and for friendly people who work cour- "Desolation?"Neva pulled back so

teously, efficiently and quickly for YOU. Farmers is the best auto insurshe could look into Dan's face. "Dan,

ance buy in America today. I'm surprised at you! Where could

you find a place more beautiful?"

YOU SAVE MONEY WITH FARMERS! Dan could not hide his surprise.

Farmers rates are generally 20% lower than most other companies. He searched her face for sarcasm,

Farmers gives a 10%">:'discount for one year of accidentfree driving, but found none. Only a radiance

;an additional 25% discount on your second car, if you qualify. And your hovered, adding beauty, he thought.

farmers auto liability policy covers you if you are injured, through Then his eyes detected the tall figure no fault of your own, by a hitand-run or uninsured motorist. in the shadow of the doorway. "Isn't

*NOT AVAILABLE IN WASHINGTON, that Florence?"

"Yes,"Neva became serious.

"Hosteen died this afternoon."

Dan's face clouded, "I knew it Farmers Auto would come soon."

"She wanted to walk to her Insurance

Call Farmers Insurance Group AUTO LIFE FIRE TRUCK

830 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA fjA$msm< '-'&ul What better way to take in the glamorama of our West and Southwest than through the big, wideangle picture windows of an S.P SEE -WAY streamliner. Twentyfive running every day, on our eastwest routes

and on the Coast. Curl up in your comfortable Chair Car seat or FOR PEOPLE Pullman room and watch the show go by... mountains, valleys,

lakes, forests, shoreline, desert, cities. Polite, attentive service

wherever you go on board for dining or refreshment pleasures.

'"'::.

FREEWAY FOR FREIGHT Every day of the week, an average of 725 freight trains are rolling over Southern Pacific's 14,700mile rail network in 11 Western and Southwestern states.

They carry a daily average of nearly 300,000 tons of just about everything produced, needed and used by people and industry. The ride is swift and

smooth on a wideopen steel "freeway"—maintained at our expense, not the

taxpayers'. No doubt about it, trains are

the lowestcost and most efficient form of transportation ever devised for carrying freight overland.

Southern Pacific serving the West and Southwest with

TRAINS TRUCKS PIGGYBACK PIPELINES

NOVEMBER I960 831 brother's to make arrangements. I admirable as Florence. In her unsensation filled him, one of tenderinsisted that she wait so you could pretentious way, she has brought me ness for his wife, a oneness between

take her."something all my father's wealth, all them.

Baffled, Dan scrutinized his wife's my mother's good intentions could Several mornings later, as Dan left face. Did he see compassion, selfnever buy."the house and glanced across a small

lessness? "I'm glad you did. Thanks, Dan, not completely understandrise toward the completion activities

Neva, for helping Florence—knowing, gave Neva a grateful hand of Florence's new hogan and sheep

ing how you feel."squeeze. There was work to be done corral, he stopped in amazement. A

She caught Dan's arm as he started now. There would be time afterchuckle, his first amiable, Navajofor the house. "No, Dan, you don't ward for explanation. He felt cerknowing reaction to the bizarre

know how I feel,"she paused. "Never tain Neva would not be leaving tospectacle, was quickly stifled by the

have I met anyone so gracious and morrow, nor any tomorrow. A warm thought of how Neva might react.

He was not sure how big a test her;:tvr.i:,v pride would stand.

How Great Thou Art tions,As heNevadebatedwatcheda varietyfrom theof doorsolu-

By Stuart K. Hine way. "Anything wrong?"she called,

. Slowly curiosity propelling her toward him.

"I was looking at Florence's sheep i j, g j> p\ i p j j ji h 1 1 m j mm corral."1. O Lord my God I When I In awe - some wonder Con - aid -jer "Well is it any different from

2. the I for - through and eat glades wood* the When And hear wan -der

3. I think when thai God, Sent And aparlng, His Sam not to any—"Neva did not finish her quesHim

4. When Christ shall come with -snout of ao - cla - maUon And take me tion. Having turned to look, the

question answered itself through her eyes. unbelieving conThere, i r r r r i own r n e f f u- c spicuously binding posts several n m tightly like together, flowers, twining

were the remains of her vanished dress. -. rolllng face, his her watched blue Dan Ing aweet-W...- hand*! havg A gtfA*-""*'"""""j..ItfltJO"—/ *Lmountainglad-ly eyes unblinking, for exwaiting the

plosion as Neva's pride punctured. ad - -M—o -

At first she only stared, her eyes widening, her lower lip dropping.

Then suddenly the explosion came, her mouth opened wide and squeals of laughter bubbled out. Dan

laughed too, partly from relief.

nga my hilarity subsided, When Dan or RU".. nnt\V SfSSFeasong asked, "Shall get the dress? I go COST LOW I'm sure Florence understand."would

$5.w$5UU for*or like it I'd there. "No. to leave 100100 g

offer is your Tbis of these part I'm people, twined Now only ana missionlives. aderViurcnes their into see, Don't you gong** right or time I feel Dan, every sorry SlSaS&oS for myaoul, my j addvon t my self, I'll look over there as a reSEk3?S t minder that I'm no longer a stranger

in the land."

listened fofcatalogap- with obvious Dan b"*9- recorded W S proval, residual doubts his few creeping away unnoticed in the bright sunshine of Neva's voice.

CP 15 aoul, my 5'"Besides, it's the very least I can it. "How for Florence. *-**idS her Let keep cash;:i encased do or es 10c ("'""""% -CP"'Icheacnf. or it, tell her Don't about ease.) not even now postage, f epaD.dorders,* checkpv $5,t( are times anyway. Later hapwhen

py for her and she's ready to laugh again, we'll tell her. I want to see

her face then, dancing with merriment."

"You're right, Neva."He put his

arm around her, marveling at her sudden depth of understanding. "It

will be our gift to her when she's -PLEASE MOTE: At least 15 copies must be ordered.

ready for it—our gift of laughter."

832 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE of the nation..in education

This fall, more than 250,000 students are attending Utah's schools, colleges and universities.

These young people can look to the future with confidence, because they are receiving their schooling in a state dedicated to attaining the highest possible standard of education.

Utahns have a traditional desire for education. state Our

is number one nationally in the number of school years completed by the adult population, number one in percentage of population completing four years of high school, and number three in percentage of population completing four years of college. This has produced an educational system widely

acclaimed as being well above the national average.

Major obstacles have been conquered to achieve this enviable standing. We are far from being a rich stateUtah s personal income is smaller than 33 other states. Yet

we must meet an exceptional cost problem, because, proportionately, we have more students attending public schools than any other state.

Utah has gained its high standing through a combination of two factors. (1) It has developed an efficient educational system, and perhaps even more significant, (2) only

one state spends a higher percentage of personal income for education.

Utah is truly THE state of the nation in education.

Those who are part of this year's backto-school movement can be thankful that the businesses and people of the

Beehive State are able to make the financial contribution needed to make good education available to all.

Utah CopperDivision Aennecott Copper Corporation

PROUDTO BE PART OF A GROWING UTAH

NOVEMBER I960 833

Gold Ribbon Winner gives you a recipe for Crumbly Light A Writer Looks at the Book of Mormon Dutch Hustle Cake

Here's a hurryup way to make old fashioned apple ( Continued from page 801 tmt'kuchen,"says Mrs. Dallas Kruse, winner of the Gold Alma the Younger. This difference

I Ribbon for yeast baking at Colorado's Garfield County in style is somewhat obliterated by in rises the pan. just mix and spoon—it Fair. "Youv v> translation. the

... you'll topped a cake bake what And not understand people do Some slices ricn tart appie u *cy w *tn really translation jSf, is. Even what give. yeast flavor-> the can only with

some adults who love the Book of Be sure you use Fleischmann's

Active Dry Yeast. It's so fast Mormon think of each symbol on

and easy... everything bakes the plates as having an exact Engup wonderful with Fleischmann's!"lish equivalent. The fact is that

each language has built up through / DUTCH HUSTLE CAKE \ usagecannot finebe shadeseasily expressedof meaningin thatan- ( Yi cup milk Add egg and flour. Beat until smooth. other language. Joseph Smith faced

sugar cup 14 in greased evenly Spread 9x9x2dough this translated the he problem when salt teaspoon Vi slices top. apple on pan. inch Arrange of After knew, he Mormon. Book 14 Blue Margarine cup Bonnet cinnasugar, of with mixture Sprinkle

1 Active Fleischmann's package assistance, divine through every what remaining with nutmeg. and Dot mon Yeast Dry struggle to character meant, he had in let rise margarine. warm and Cover 14 not hot, water warm, cup

1 egg well beaten place, free from draft, until doubled in to put that meaning into articulate \y$ cups sifted flour bulk, about 40 minutes. Bake in hot oven English. He had to use his own

\y% cups canned or cooked at 400F. for 25 minutes. Drizzle with vocabulary—a vocabulary in use

slices, apple drained confectioners'sugar icing. around him, enriched by his reading

sugar tablespoons brown 2 14 teaspoon cinnamon of his loved Bible. Still the sermons

i/4 teaspoon nutmeg of the great Book of Mormon leaders

Scald milk. Stir in sugar, salt and half the transcend the vocabulary. Read

margarine. Cool to lukewarm. In mixing several of these sermons, one after

bowl dissolve yeast in warm, not hot, the other, and you will see what I

V Vwater. Stir in lukewarmANOTHER FINEmilkPRODUCTmixture.OF STANDARD BRANDS INCORPORATED // mean.

Theme the of most IN YOUR HOME... importantWe havecomponentnot spokenin any book—

IN YOUR CHAPEL the philosophy that is inherent in it... Sometimes we call this the idea, the

theme, the objective, the purpose.

A book can be no greater than the mind that conceives it, no deeper than the heart of the writer. Have

you ever read this book with the desire to search it for truth? Wipe

away the wars and the travels, and you have a great human document that pushes back the boundaries of religious and social thinking along many fronts. Remember, for example, that a long peace was secured,

not because either side built up a great show of strength but because of the virtue of the people. Remember that poverty is not a virtue,

but that prosperity may come to man

PRATT LAMBERT if Ihelikeobeysto thethinklawsof oftheGod.Prophet sitting behind his curtain reading,

with divine help, to his scribe. Because I know what goes into a book—

experience as a it from know my

Countless homes in the area and many of our most beautifully decoIwriter teacher of writers—as a and rated LDS Chapels are finished inside and out with the finest—Pratt I think of him dictating sentence

& Lambert paints and varnishes. after sentence, chapter after chapSALT LAKE GLASS & PAINT CO. ter,that withoutI put theintomonthsa book,of researchwithout

"Decorating Center of the Intermountain Area"330 East 4th South Salt Lake City, Utah—See your local Pratt & Lambert dealer—

834 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Rio Grande's Main Line Through the Rockies is a superscenic steel highway described by its patrons as the "best way to see the best of the west!"Carfree, carefree travel, featuring spacious

accommodations, superb dining and seeall VistaDomes, is provided on these fine Rio Grande trains: The VistaDome CALIFORNIA ZEPHYR (cb&q-d&rgwwp) San Francisco -Salt Lake CityDenver- Chicago...The PROSPECTOR overnight, every night between Salt Lake City and

Denver... The VistaDome ROYAL GORGE Salt Lake CityProvo-Grand Junction -Glenwood

Springs -Pueblo -Colorado Springs -Denver... The Vista -Dome COLORADO EAGLE (mp-d&rgw)

Denver - Colorado Springs - Pueblo -Wichita - Kansas CitySt. Louis. Next trip, take it easy...

take the train!

Rio Grande's Main Line Through the Rockies is a heavyduty, highspeed steel highway described by its patrons as "The Shippers'Railroad."Gateways of this major link in the direct central

transcontinental route are located at Salt Lake City and Ogden, Utah on the west, and at Denver and Pueblo, Colorado on the east. Modern equipment, joint yards, direct connections and coordinated transcontinental schedules provide timesaving through service from origin to destination. This is a modern railroad, staffed by skilled, friendly personnel dedicated to giving you

the transportation service you need and want. Next shipment, ship direct... via Rio Grande.

You'll agree that it's pleasant... and profitable... to do business with "The Shippers'Railroad."

nJcruraiiae Traffic Offices in 38 Major Cities

DENVER & RIO GRANDE WESTERN RAILROAD

R. KNOX BRADFORD, Vice President -Traffic

H. F. ENO, Passenger Traffic Manager

Rio Grande Building, Denver 2, Colorado

NOVEMBER I960 835

VCU>C MjjQ /YYUrA<MJ [ SPECIFY thespentpainstaking,in characterlifeabsorbingconception; hourswithout a prearranged, carefully charted

plan for the entire work, without faltering, turning back, constantly

AMERICA'S FINEST FOLDING CHAIRS AND TABLES revising.VIRCO I like to bring this whole concept

VIRCO replacement—because save on original price, and you on the You save into think about and mind my

. priced to of rugged service.. years built for are chairs folding and tables I then with because know my ownit,

meet any budget. Folding chairs and tables may look alike, but when you compare brain and body that the Book of

them pointby-point—for advanced design, structural use of Vircoloy steel Mormon is a divine witness for

(up to 20% stronger), and beauty—you'll find VIRCO furniture ahead Christ, that it came to us in the way

of the field in value and lasting satisfaction. that the Prophet Joseph said it came.

Out of my own experience my testimony has grown, and this is as it should be.

Perhaps as you reread the Book of Mormon you will have an added

VIRCOMATIC Series of appreciation for it. Perhaps my testiCafeteria and AllPurpose mony will reinforce your own.

Folding Tables adjust easily to any height from 21"to 31"—in oneinch increments. Heavy gauge Conversions through the

legs steel tubular and Book of Mormon pattern linen nonglare

Vircolite plastic tops (Continued from, page 815) banded with aluminum. As I read, the Spirit of the Lord

was upon me, and I knew and comprehended that the book was true, as plainly and manifestly as a man comprehends and knows that he exists. My joy was now full, as it

VIRCO #127 ALLMETAL were, and I rejoiced sufficiently

CHAIR FOLDING the for all than to pay me with more steel construction Tubular toils sacrifices, of sorrows, and my braces. fusionwelded three

Tubular steel reinforcement in life. I soon determined to see the

front legs at seat pivot young man who had been the inforward under also point, transdiscovery of its and strument seat. Metal of edge Travels and lation. (Life of Farley leg's with capped

durable rubber P. Pratt, p. 3637.

crutch tips.

SACRAMENT MEETING

FREE! New catalogue showing VIRCO's complete line BY HELEN KIMBALL ORGILL

of church and institutional folding chairs and tables.

Write today to:

are doors Chapel open wide, MFG. CORPORATION VIRCO

Hancock, Los Angeles, Cali 44846 Station L-11, P.O. Box softly are pealing, Organ tones

Plants also in Arkansas and Pennsylvania Voices entering subside,

Thoughts of reverence revealing;

Words from leaders, hymns of praise,

Youthful priests are kneeling, praying, S THE CENTER OF N. on the Sacrament- v CONVENIENCE / Blessings God, our Father's word obeying.

:: Cooeq'A NEW AMERICA I;;'; S % Thoughts of him the crucified,:: %

his love imbuing, and 320BEAUTYBEAUTIFUL ROOMSSHOP Jesus MAINSALONAT FIFTH BABBERSOUTH Hearts with and hope faith and trust,

Sacred covenants renewing;

Sermons follow to inspire, Words of truth, all edifying, salt lake city HumbleFood for spiritsthoughtfortifying.in days to come—

836 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Anything going our, ways

Carload or carton, let us give "kid glove"handling to your next shipment.

Be Specific

sup UNION PACIFIC 837NOVEMBER I960 BH

The Melchizedek Priesthood course of study for 1961 ivill consist of the reading of the Book of Mormon. See announcement

on p. 776.

A Modern Missionary Approach

MELCHIZEDEK

PRIESTHOOD Under our modern Church circumstances, priestform missionary work. So much interest had been

hood bearers and Church members in general have displayed by neighbors of the chapel that we wanted many missionary opportunities that did not exist in to familiarize them with the activities that would ocformer days and under less propitious circumstances. cur in the building. We knew this would stimulate

Now that the Church has become the great worldmany to attend and hear the message of the gospel wide organization that it is, much of its success in from stake missionaries.

the missionary cause results from the use of Church "Friday prior to dedication was scheduled for membuildings and Church programs for their proselyting bers of the Church as well as nonmembers. We urged

value. Church members to preserve the Saturday for nonProbably half of the convert baptisms made in the members in order that guides could devote full attenChurch today, though performed as an immediate tion to them.

result of missionary labor, are in fact the direct result "Seven local papers ran articles and pictures anof the converting pull of the Church itself, with its nouncing the open house. Four thousand invitations

buildings, programs, and auxiliary organizations. were given to stake missionaries and fulltime misEvery Church building, every conference session, sionaries for distribution to residences in the vicinity

every Sacrament meeting, every activity program, every of our building. Three thousand invitations were

organized undertaking of the Church—all these are given Church members to distribute to friends and

missionaries. All have converting power. neighbors. Local stake presidents and bishops and

Consequently, as the General Authorities go city, county, government and school officials were mailed invitations.

throughout the stakes holding missionary meetings in "The building was prepared with signs directingconnection with stake conferences, they urge Church members in general and priesthood bearers in particupeople to the proper entrance, flowers, attendants, lar to aid in using the whole organization and operaguides. Members of the stake presidency and bishoption of the Church for its proselyting value. rics greeted everyone and presented each with a

brochure. A guide promptly conducted them throughFor instance, they say: "Use 'occasions'such as out the building.

building dedications, dedications of new temples, "Midway in the tour the visitors received a slideopening of new foreign missions, and other such events illustrated talk. This presentation briefly explained

mentioned in the news, as a means of making explanathe athletic, social, and intellectual activities that octions to our nonmember friends."cur in a meetinghouse in addition to spiritual worship.

In harmony with this counsel and on their own The differences between a chapel and temple were initiative, the officers of the Whittier Stake in Calialso emphasized to insure that visitors knew they were fornia recently used the completion and dedication always welcome to attend activities and meetings.

of a new stake and ward building to lay the founda- "The tour ended with the guides ushering the people tion for some very effective proselyting. into the chapel after explaining that the formal tour

Whittier (California) Stake President John Collings, was completed and that they could leave at their in a letter to the missionary committee, described their leisure. A continuous organ concert was provided in

stake activities and told of their beneficial results in the chapel by various organists in the stake.

this language: "The results of this activity were most rewarding.

"Two days prior to the dedication of our new Approximately 1920 people attended, of which we

Whittier Stake Center, we held an open house to estimated seventyfive percent to be nonmembers. All

which we invited both nonmembers and members of comments were extremely positive, and missionaries the Church. This program was so successful we received a number of fine leads. The event was such

thought you would be interested in a brief description a successful missionary activity for us that we thought of how it was organized. you might be interested in considering this for other

"The paramount purpose of the event was to perwards and stakes."

NOVEMBER i960 839: ':..''-

Throughout the ages of man, loyalty has been among the most praised and acclaimed of all virtues. With

its kindred attributes of fidelity, constancy, and unwaveringness, it is universally admired. And this is

MniimtRZk,: only proper, for it is in every sense a characteristic

WARD TEACHING0ALTof Loyaltya strong,canmaturehave personality.several objects—we can be loyal

SUPPLEMENT to individuals, to institutions, and to ideas. We should

be aware, of course, that loyalty is only as strong as its object. If the object is not worth the loyalty, then

it can be worthless or even—as was the case with Hitler

and Lenin—dangerous. We must therefore periodically

examine our loyalties to make sure that they are properly directed—to the best that there is in the

world and the best that there is in ourselves.

If our loyalties pass this test, they should be nurtured and developed.

There are no stories more beautiful than stories of individual loyalty, such as the scripture tales of Ruth and Naomi, David and Jonathan, and Nephi to his father Lehi. Loyalty to other people, particularly to

one's mate and family members, develops trust, fidelity, understanding, and devotion. We learn that

in human relations the important thing is not so much to receive as to give and support. And this is appreciated most when times are a bit rough and life's

problems somewhat heavy. What a blessing it is to

have someone who is always there, come what may, to be counted on and leaned on if necessary.

Loyalty to our country, which we call patriotism, demands that we obey its laws, answer its calls, and strive continually to make it a better place in which to live.

Loyalty to God and his Church is surely among the highest loyalties. We are expected to obey the teachings of the Church, sustain its leaders, serve whenever

and wherever called, and do all within our power to help the Church grow and prosper. While we do these

things, we will grow and prosper with it; for a worthy

loyalty, although it requires an object beyond the person exercising it, is invariably most beneficial to that person.

840 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Tucson Priest has Unusual Attendance Record

Kenneth N. Craig, a priest of the Tucson Fifth Ward,

Tucson (Arizona) Stake, has earned five consecutive individual Aaronic Priesthood awards, each of which bears a 100 percent attendance seal.

Kenneth is the son of Mr. and Mrs. John Craig. He

has an outstanding record of achievement and activity in various phases of the Church program.

Bishop Arthur W. Elrey with Kenneth M. Craig of the Tucson

Fifth Ward.

THE OF MEMBERS FOR SENIOR ADVISER CAN BE GREAT SCHOOLSQUORUM PROVE PROFITABLE LEVEL WARD ON AARONIC PRIESTHOODINFLUENCE FOR GOOD

An adviser to a quorum of Aaronic Priesthood Schools for senior members of the Aaronic Priestbearers under 21 has an opportunity for influencing hood and their wives have given a great impetus to people's lives for good that few other positions in the the program for senior members since their introducChurch can offer. tion several years ago. Every year increasing numbers

In his calling he acts in many capacities: teacher, of these members are returning to activity, and scores

counselor, work director, social leader, recreational of these brethren are being ordained to the Melleader, spiritual guide. In each of these he should set chizedek Priesthood.

an examine for his young men to follow. These schools offer senior members and their wives

And follow it they will, for young men of Aaronic two things which are necessary in virtually every

Priesthood age are extremely alert and impressionreactivation: (1) instruction in the principles of the

able. They often follow bad examples as well as gospel, and (2) the chance to associate with fellow

good examples; for this reason the adviser must be Latterday Saints—more importantly, with fellow

very careful in his conduct. Latterday Saints facing the same problems and obHow powerful, how enduring a good example can stacles they are.

be! Many people in the Church today give a great Since they became part of the program, these schools

deal of credit to an example set by someone they have been held on different levels—multistake, stake,

looked up to in the days of their youth, as being a multiward, ward—with varying degrees of success.

Our experience and the reports we have received from major factor in their continued activity and faiththe field lead us to conclude that, as a rule, the smaller fulness. The strength of these examples is often a the unit is the more successful the school, and that

beacon light which they have not lost sight of through ward schools are the most desirable of all.

the passage of years and sometimes even decades. Many reports have come to us telling of a switch

The influence of a quorum adviser should extend from stake schools to schools on a ward or twoward well beyond his quorum members. He can set an basis, and the increased interest, enthusiasm, and parexample for parents, brothers, sisters, and friends of ticipation which results. As a recent example, Orange

County (California) Stake reports three times the athis quorum members. Instances are on record of a tendance at its ward schools than its bestattended

quorum adviser's being responsible for the return to stake school ever had. At the time of this report,

activity of a father or mother, and of being instruOrange County Stake had a school in each ward.

mental in the conversion of a young seeker after truth. There are other advantages besides increased atThese are special occurrences, of course, which every tendance, of course. Holding such schools is very

quorum adviser will not witness. However, each can effective in getting a ward committee for senior members on its feet and in operation. The members themwitness and contribute to the growth and development selves, because of their association with fellow ward

of each member of his quorum. This is in itself richly members in the school, can be integrated into the

rewarding, and in the grasp of every quorum adviser—ward and its program much easier than they otherwise

if he but lives and works for it. could be.

NOVEMBER 1960 841 TODAYS FAMILY.

FLORENCE B. PINNOCK,

EDITOR

LET US BE THANKFUL Now is the time to do more than just think, "I'm thankful."Do

something about it. Make each breath you take, each act you

do say, "Thank you."Gratefulness, appreciation, thankfulness

FOR THE BASIC THINGS are so closely related to a really mature person. To have a day

set aside for these attributes is a wonderful way to remind us to

IN OUR LIVES, count our many blessings. If your country does not designate a

thanksgiving day, you do this yourself for your family. Everyone

thanksgiving. for have a time FOR EYES TO SEEshould

is to share. If you are living at home, a day Thanksgiving

gather your loved ones around a festive table to give thanks. But

NOT JUST TELEVISION TO LOOK AT; if you are away from home and your family, bring others together

who, too, are alone, and make a "family"to share this day with you.

FOR EARS THAT LISTENThe first Thanksgiving in 1621 was celebrated by neighbors joining together, each doing part of the cooking. This is a good

idea now as well as in those days. In this way the spirit of a

NOT JUST SILVER TO JINGLE: large group is enjoyed, and no one is overburdened with work

or expense. Be sure everyone is in on the planning, that is, each

FOR MINDS THAT EXPLOREmother, I mean. First settle on a favorite menu. Decide at whose

home you will have the dinner. Of course take turns each year

so everyone will have the opportunity of having the dinner at

NOT THOUGHTS THAT IMITATE: her home. A nice general division of responsibility is to have the

hostess prepare the turkey, set the table, and arrange a centerpiece;

FOR FRIENDS TO LOVEAunt Nora will bring the vegetables and rolls; Aunt Ann the salad

and relishes; and Aunt Liza the dessert. If there is another family

included, give them the responsibility of a cocktail and something NOT PEOPLE TO USE;

to nibble on after dinner. You see, no one is overburdened with

these assignments, and a luscious dinner will be the result.

LET US GIVE THANKS Perhaps, as you mothers gather together to plan your dinner, you will decide to serve just such a typical Thanksgiving dinner

FOR OUR PRECIOUS as this:

Grapefruit Cocktail

MINDS AND BODIES Sesame Rounds

Roast Turkey Onion Dressing AND USE THEM Mashed Potatoes Gravy

Vegetable Melange Sweet Potato Balls TO REACH Orange Cranberry Sauce

Grape Salad Mold Relishes Rolls

HIGH. Apple Crumb Mince Pie

842 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA t

:r

1*?*; k t y

1 Jl

*t{

.;.

Good to look at—good to eat is the

goal to work toward on this Thanksgiving day. Half the enjoyment of

eating is from what the eye sees.

Let's be sure the table is as attractive as we possibly can make it. That

starts with a spotlessly clean, beautifully ironed tablecloth—linen, cotton,

rayon, or acetate as the case may be.

Next the silver and glassware is polished to perfection. A festive

centerpiece has become the custom nowadays even though our grandmothers used to put all the food on the table at once, covering every inch with bowls of steaming vegetables, meats, and gravies. At one

time, even, it was the custom to line up six or seven different kinds of pies down the middle of the table as the centerpiece, to be later used as the dessert. Now we like to have

our food not so generously spread before our eyes, but we do enjoy a centerpiece gracing the table like the decoration on a cake. Fruit or vegetables make a seasonable decoration

for Thanksgiving day. Most interesting in color and form and luscious

to look at is a large delicate crystal compote or bowl filled with glowing purple grapes, using deep green geraThere's really no need to be fussy with Bigelow Carpets. nium leaves as a color accent. If the

dinner is to be in the evening, tall

Bigelows can certainly take it under traffic. purple candles in silver or crystal

And they make everybody feel mighty welcome and athome,, holders just seem to complete the picthis color to also salads add The besides. So go ahead, delight the family ture. table so the scheme, have on them

and Fido, too—with those Bigelows you promised. at the start of the meal. Use frilly

You'll live better on a Bigelow endive, and on it place a mold of lime

Jello filled with tiny, sweet, seedless grapes—cool, light, and just right

dinner. This the salad with heavy People who know... buy Bigelowrugs carpets since 1825 well as the appetizer could be used

or cocktail.

The recipe for the grapefruit cocktail mentioned in the suggested menu is found in the February 1959 Era.

To make the sesame rounds, cut thin slices of white bread in circles, spread with soft butter and sprinkle generously with sesame seeds. Just before dinner is served put the bread

to toast under the broiler flame for

SALT LAKE CITY'S NEWEST HOTEL OVERjust a minute.

LOOKING The delicious onion stuffing recipe

HISTORIC is found under Dressing Data in this

MORMON issue. If you like a beautiful glaze

j TEMPLE on your turkey without the sweet y SQUARE taste of a fruit glaze, take the turkey from the oven about 30 minutes beModern Coffee Shop & Dining Room -Television Air Conditioned fore dinner is served. Then baste it

Downtown Rates: Singles $5.00 up - Doubles $6.50 upjFree Parking Terrace almost constantly with the drippings

as the skin on the turkey cools slightTeletype Reservations Accepted Collect: SU350 ly. If you do this, your turkey will

CLARENCE L. WEST. MANAGER be glossy, golden brown and suc844 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

'. ':''.;

'.'.. ''

jlr Thirtytwo independent, unduplicated speaking fc Tonal design, console layout and stop stops which can be integrated into any combination nomenclature in conformity with A.G.O. standards

tAt Individual pitch lengths for each stop—-jc Ten couplers

16 ft., 8 ft, 4 ft., 2 ft., 2% ft.

Swell combination pistons Three Tlr Voices from all four families of organ tonepistons Great combination Three

Diapasons, Flutes, Strings and Reeds Four general combination pistons (with toe studs)

traditional buildup of tone for legato attack Smooth, it ic Separate tremolos for each manual crisp, for staccato fast response and it Authentic harmonic structure for each stop, it Great to Pedal reversible corresponding to the natural harmonic series of that tone it Register crescendo pedal

Swell expression pedal jc Threerank mixture on the Great Great expression pedal

These specifications are to be found on a wellbalanced 20rank pipe organ. They are

also available, as standard equipment, on the Baldwin Model 10A Electronic Organ.

No other standardbuilt nonpipe instrument provides such a wide area of similarity in tone, range and design. If you would like additional information concerning

this important new factor in organ music, write for special free literature to Organ

Division, Department J-ll, The Baldwin Piano Company, Cincinnati 2, Ohio.

NOVEMBER 1960 845 WANT TO KNOW WHAT'S GOING ON TODAY IN BUSINESS?

culent as you bring it to the table.

The giblets add a gourmet touch to the dinner if they are cooked carefully.

To cook giblets;

Cover the heart, gizzard, and neck with water. Add 3 cloves, 5 or 6

peppercorns, 1 teaspoon salt, dash of pepper, piece of bay leaf, 1 small onion, 1 carrot, and one piece of celery, leaf and all. Heat to boiling,

skim off foam. Cover and simmer

gently until the gizzard and heart are tender. It will take about 3

hours. Keep adding water to keep

the giblets covered at all times. Add

the liver the last 20 minutes of cooking.

The vegetables can all be served in one bowl if you prepare:

Vegetable Melange

1 package of frozen peas 1 package of frozen baby limas 1 package of frozen french cut string beans salt and pepper 3 tablespoons butter

Cook the frozen vegetables just until tender, no longer, in salted

REMARKABLY COMFORTABLE water. Drain and flavor.

Thanksgiving and yams or sweet potatoes go together. For ease of NEW*DESIGN serving and a treat taste, serve:

WOOD FOLDING Sweet Potato Balls CHAIRS 3 cups of cooked mashed sweet poCORONET salt totatoestaste or yams 220 dash of pepper 1 cup chopped salted peanuts 1 cup dark corn syrup Vi cup of butter or margarine

NOT ON IT Season the mashed sweet potatoes.

Shape in 2 inch balls. Roll in chopped

salted peanuts. Put the syrup and

butter in a large skillet over low heat. When the syrup comes to the

"A"FRAME construction boil, add the sweet potato balls and or rigid No sag balls turn the over and over carecradles your figure DESIGNsway—permanently CONTOUR until fully glazed. rock. firmly They "nest"Won't STACK HIGH.

SIMPLE CLOSING ACTION. Silent and positive A touch of orange in the cranberry

rails or channels No noisy SEAT. Boltaflex cover sauce is good. Try this simple PADDED FOAM

Choice of 14 colors recipe:

RICHLY GRAINED wood. Durable satin finish

Especially suitable for Relief Society rooms Orange Cranberry Sauce or other extra "nice"areas.

Would you like a demonstration?

in your Write for the dealer area. 4 cups cranberries

Pats. Pending *f

1 cup sugar 1 cup light corn syrup NORQUIST PRODUCTS, INC CHANDLER STREET, JAMESTOWN, NEW YORK

846 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Here's the new secret of feeling young, vigorous, fresh again

Does life sometimes seem like too much much or as little effort as you wish. The The total benefits you get from the Alleffort? Are you letting too many good unique Bergfors AllBody Action of Body Action of Exercycle are available

things pass you by just because you Exercycle is so relaxing and refreshing, in no other way. No exercise routine, no

haven't the energy to reach out and it's hard to believe that it brings into other "health program,"no other kind seize them? play the same parts of your body as you of equipment can do what Exercycle

in cycling, use would rowing, does. swimming, of thousands and men women Now to your solution be a simpleThere may satis-... riding all in one horseback pills, and tried unsuccessfully the have who

tiredness. of foundkind have Thousands the fying does Exercycle workout. The fads, food and strenuous can regimens

feelhalf-alive that the tothat answer benefits. the get work; you you easy, vigorous convenient And keep the

activity physical of a kinding is new of the convenience have it comfort and too. Exercycle do can way. You

exercise, unlike musclebuildingwhich, daily taking Exercycle workout your the entirebrings body into action—geneffortlessly.tly, pleasantly, The way right in your own home. ACT NOW! SEND FOR FREE

they are getting this essential allbody Helps renew lost energy LITERATURE! IT'S NEVER TOO LATE

action is with an Exercycle. The effect of a daily workout with the TO FEELYOUNG AND ACTIVE AGAIN

Exercycle is almost magical. In less

Exercycle's AllBody Action than five days, you begin to feel the Fill out the coupon below and you'll reExercycle gives you allbody action by difference. Your muscles soon begin to ceive detailed information on the amazmoving every part of your body in a firm. You feel more energetic, more ing Exercycle with Bergfors AllBody

stimulating, coordinated way. Because youthful. You're more at ease, more reAction, how it works and what it can

Exercycle is motor driven, it conditions laxed than you have been in years. You mean to you and your family. You owe

you without the strain and exhaustion have more vigor and drive. You look it to yourself to investigate this modern

of conventional exercise. You can use as trimmer, slimmer. way of keeping fit and feeling great.

EXERCYCLE CORPORATION

630 THIRD AVENUE NEW YORK 17, NEW YORK Send me free literature on how the

Bergfors AllBody Action of Exercycle can mean new vitality and vigor for me and my family.

Name

Address.

City -State.

IE3with the BERGFORS ALLBODYACTION

NOVEMBER I960 847.

Look Closely!

1 cup water There are TWO NEW BOOKS 1 large impeded orange sliced thin (After Decembe, Fit) and cut into fourths for yOUr gift liSt

By Ora Pate Stewart Combine sugar, corn syrup, and water. Cook 5 minutes. Add cranThe Pages From Book boiling. to berries. Heat Do not

(For or old young of—Evea family book) $2.50 the 2 minutes, add stir. Simmer I $2.00 Children Talk About My

(Family humor—a favorite) orange pieces, and simmer 3 more

Gleanings - $2.50 minutes or just until the cranberry

gift) a beautiful (Poetry—refrigerator. in Chill pop. - - $2.50 skins Turning Brown

is big, the the though meal Even comforting) especially (Poetry Leaves—

Mopey The Mop - $2.00 dessert is still important, and Apple

(Delightful book for small children) Crumb Mince Pie is the answer.

Planted God A Tree $1 00 Those folk who claim mincemeat pie

Israelitish (The family) Branches Over The Wall - - $1.00 is not their favorite, change their

(Book of Mormon) minds when eating this flavorsome,

Treasures Unearthed $1.00 crisp, tangy dessert.

(Littleknown facts, Book of Mormon)

We Believe - $1.00

(Articles of Faith—ten years and over) Apple Crumb Mince Pie

A Letter To My Son $1.00

(For boys—twelve and over) 1/2 cups mincemeat

Daughter To My A Letter—$1.00 1/2 cups grated apple

(For girls and women, any age)

This Word of Wisdom $1.00 2 tablespoons brown sugar

(Timely and important—all ages) 1 teaspoon lemon juice

From Where I Stood....$1.00 1 tablespoon lemon peel

(Selected reporting—any age—Dec. 1) 1 square butter

Dear Land of $1.00 Home

(The Zeniff story—'teens and up—Dec. 1) % cup sugar

Autographed, gift wrapped, mailed anywhere cup flour

ORA PATE STEWART Line the pie plate with pastry, mix 11282 Anabel Avenue, Garden Grove, California Phone: JEfferson 7-2186 the brown sugar, lemon juice, and

peel with the grated apples and put in pie shell. Spread mincemeat over

the apples. Mix the butter, sugar,

* *M**I**;*!**M*****>*>M and flour together until crumbs are

* formed. Sprinkle lightly over top

* of pie and bake at 375 degrees F.! APOSTLES OF JESUS CHRIST for about 35 minutes or until crust

is baked and crumbs are brown.

Reprint of FULLCOLOR pictures of November, 1959 Improvement

Era with text by President David O. McKay. For teachers, parents, DRESSING DATA

or ward or home libraries. Prepare at least one cup of stuffing

for each pound of turkey.

Now available in Bound Booklet Form at your L.D.S. CHURCH BOOK

Use at least oneday-old bread. It

Only $1.00. DEALERS - slightly dry—don't throw should be ****** crusts.2* } "-I*! ""I* I'away the >v* *J* "I* "w* **! "I* "J* *i* *i* *i* "I* *i i* *i *v *i* *i*! { 5- -*5*- I!- J I* * -I *J! r { *5* I-'i* i*!-! "I*! $ -J "J* ** **

Cut slices of bread into lyjj inch cubes—place in a large pan and rub

BE THANKFUL FOR YOUR bread between fingers until it is all finely crumbed.

GOOD HEALTH... GUARD IT!

baking before hours flour grind a few your Stone to When making sage dressing add it's rolls; inexpensive way an your bread and

get more nutrition into your daily diet... salt, pepper, and sage generously

flour. ground fresh whole wheat with

mills. of 4 today! Write for prices! but taste often to be sure too much Choice Order

offer. flour couSend introductory on this Save

lb. pkg. seasoning is not used. order for 5 check pon with or money

Flour is stone ground day shipped.

LEE ENGINEERING CO. Before stuffing season inside of

Milwaukee 1, Wis. bird, rub salt and pepper well into

| LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY IE11-60 I the inside cavity.

| 2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee 1, Wis. j LEE HOUSEHOLD

. 5-lb. Flour, Pkg. $1.50 PPd. Only Deaf Smith light dressing should be Turkey FLOUR MILL I Only 5-lb. $1.00 Pkg. PPd. Flour, Wis.-Minn.I

* not soggy. do you So be sure Electric and

I j Name * Automatic | Street I * Portable City State * Economical

I 848 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Since they had no sugar, they could not enjoy the delicious holiday sweet treats we have today—

cranberry sauce, whipped cream on pumpkin pie, candies, cakes, cookies, candied yams and other Thanksgiving day favorites.

Today we can enjoy not only the turkey but "all the trimmings."

Sugar is plentiful. There's a whole family of U and I Sugar in handy onepound

cartons for all your holiday cooking and baking—

Brown, Fine Granulated, Superfine Dessert and Powdered.

Make sure you have some of each on your shelf this Thanksgiving.

U and I Sugar is as fine, as white, as pure, as any sugar money can buy.

UTAHIDAHO SUGAR COMPANY NOVEMBER I960 849.

not stuff the turkey with a heavy hand. Leave space for it to expand

when cooking. Save the extra dressfor about an hour along with the ood -to eat bird.ing to bake in a covered casserole

3 A turkey can be stuffed with two different kinds of dressing—one in

the neck opening and one variety in the body cavity.

Stuff the turkey just before roasting it. Dressing may be prepared a

day ahead except for adding the liquid. Refrigerate both the bird

and the dressing separately. Just

before roasting add the liquid to the seasoned bread ingredients and then stuff the turkey.

Folks of all ages really enjoy the freshness and finer When dinner is over remove any flavor of ovenfresh Royal Bread. Enjoy some every leftover stuffing from the bird and

day—see how delicious bread can be. refrigerate separately in a covered

bowl.

Basic Sage and Onion Dressing Recipe. 12 cups soft bread crumbs 1 tablespoon (about) salt 1 teaspoon pepper sage to taste

coarsely ground onionsbe a MORNING 12 cupcupsmelted butter or margarine liquid MILLIONAIRE. Combine bread and seasonings. Melt

You just naturally feel like butter, add onions, cover the pan and to minutes. a few simmer for Add a million when you start

slightly moisten seasoned and bread a day with your good hot NEED MONEY? with hot water. Toss gently to mix. authorities, breakfast. Food

in agreement with parents makeYou orupyourto $1,000Churchor organizationmore by sellingcan who know, favor a whole Christmas cards and supplies. Variations to recipe:

wheat cereal for today's acAbsolutely no money outlay. Free Cut the onions to % cup and add

tive family. Fisher's Zoom shipping, immediate delivery. All ma11/2 cups of raisins.

is whole wheat... nothing joravailablelines ofat qualitylowest cardsprices.and supplies Cut the onions to 1 cup and add

celery. finely cut 2 cups nothing taken added

profit Average liquid, onions for cut the milk Use away. Mom, Zoom. And.. last year, over $200 of LDS—severalorganizationmore chestnuts to boiled 1 cup, 3 cups add than $1,000. instantly! cooks

celery. finely cut of 11/2 cups and other raising fund Many projects also the Enjoy good Zoom in for liquid giblet stock Use

flavor, give family your that available. giblets. the recipe and chopped add or call for full Write details. now feeling. millionaire 1 to one cup, onions and add Cut

Look for Zoom in No obligation. pint of drained, chopped oysters.

the bright blue Cut onions to i/2 CUP and add 2 package at your 0. LU. lA/koledate IDidtributors cups of chopped mushrooms.

grocer's! Add 1/2 cup of minced parsley.

LDS Owned and Operated Add prefried sausage with its fat

Whole wheat for 2435 So. State Salt Lake City, Utah and omit the butter.

the Whole Family Phone HU 6-7166 THE SEVEN STAGES OF

THANKFULNESS BIRTH: Mother—warmth—milklovely DRINK love.SIXYEAR-OLDS: Dadschool-

(Concluded on page 852) 4i* | effoveas ficqo A delightful dogs—love.

KITCHEfl CHflRm whohot beveragedon't drinkforcoffee.those WAXED PAPER

AT YOUR GROCERS 850 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Get It Now or Lay Away For Christmas!

WmHiR t55I 59* I:SP BPSwW:{

BELL & HOWELL 8mm HOME MOVIE OUTFIT ELECTRICEYE METER CAMERA, PROJECTOR, LIGHT BAR, BULBS, PREVIEW

SCREEN, TITLING SET

The perfect family gift. Takes beautiful color

movies indoors or outdoors. Cg A ftQS Mfr's. suggested price, NOW $149

Nothing Down... Only $2 Week!

Salt Lake City: 755 S. Main273 S. Main—2190 Highland Dr.

Ogden: 2443 Washington Blvd.; Provo: 161 West Center Street

Idaho Falls: 446 Park Avenue

NOW! Just in time for Christmas giving

entire Book of Mormon on Records!

Over 30 hours of "easy to understand"scripture!

The Book of Mormon comes alive through the medium of long playing high fidelity recordings. Narrated word for word

with reverence and emotion... just as dictated by the

Prophet Joseph Smith. The entire family will benefit

from this new, understandable dimension of this important work. A "must"in the record library

of every L.D.S. family. A Christmas gift that

will be cherished always. Order now!

Your check for $9.95 begins your

collection. Here's how:

Please send, postpaid, the complete 50 for $49.95. check is my

of of Mormon. the Book COLUMBIA D recordEnclosedalbum

RESEARCH Enclosedrecords. I iswillmysendcheck$1.00for plus$9.95.handlingPleasecostssendpermyweekalbumfor andeach therecordfirstfor3

rpm for Dust."the A single 33% Enclosed From "A Voice is my $1.00 GROUP 39 weeks. My 40th and final $1.00 brings me the last 8 records.

If entire album decide the you album. above excerpt sampling from the

3600 SOUTH for you, your $1.00 will be applied to the purchase price. is

MARKET STREET begins your collection. 50 SALT LAKE

records, 100 sides. Handsome

royal blue leatherette album CITY, UTAH ADDRESS.

and cover box included. CITY..STATE.

NOVEMBER I960 851 Today's Family The Formation of the

Book of Mormon Plates (Concluded from page 850) (Continued from page 796) TEENAGERS: Carsallowance-hi filove. promoting lessons. Nor was it

TWENTIES: Marriagechildren-budgetlove. hard to draw such items from the

combined secular and religious part

FIFTIES: Grandchildren—garden—travel—love. of the large plates of Nephi, which

means from the book of Mosiah SIXTIES: Each other—dentists—pensions—love. to the end. It must have been

OLD AGE: Retirement—family—memories—love. considerablyever to gleanmoreillustrationsdifficult, howfrom

the book of Lehi portion of the plates in support of his objective;

for, as we have already observed, the book of Lehi was almost exclusively a political and civil record.

We can well appreciate his satisfaction, therefore, when, just as he was nearing the close of his abridgment of the book of Lehi he discovered the small plates of Nephi and learned that they formed a religious work of the book of Lehi period. The thing that pleased him

about the plates, he says, was their "... prophecies of the coming of

Christ;..."(Words of Mormon

V.4. ) And no wonder. This was

exactly the kind of evidence for the Messiahship of Jesus that he was seeking for his own record. What

was he to do? Could he discard his

abridgment of the book of Lehi and substitute the small plates of Nephi?Get These Before we consider what Mormon

finally did with the volume that he that note the small found should we platesEXTRAS at Western Savings of Nephi, which been had kept by a private line of record

When You Save at Western You Get: keepers, extended from the time of

Nephi to the early reign of King

A solid 4% on your savings. Benjamin. In contrast, the book of

We pay the postage both ways when you save by mail. Lehi, which had been written by an

Savings insured to $10,000 by the entirely different line of record

Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation. keepers, (Jarom, V. 14; Omni, V.

11), extended from the time of

Full dividends from the 1st of the month Nephi to the late reign of the same on all deposits made by the 10th. King Benjamin.

Use This Convenient Mormon Adds a Tiny Historical

Bridge to the Small Plates of Nephi

SaveBy-Mail Coupon To learn what Mormon did with the small plates of Nephi we must

WESTERN SAVINGS now turn to an intriguing little secSALT LAKE CITY, UTAH tion that he wrote late in life. The

Enclosed is my Q check money order for $... year was 385 A.D. and Mormon was

seventyfour. It was then that he

Please open a savings account in the name of:

took the small plates of Nephi, that he had found earlier, and added a

Name little appendage to the end of them, and entitled it, the Words of Mor- (if joinl account put second name here) ASSALTEASTLAKEFIRSTCITY.SOUTHUTAH mon. (Verse 4.) The opening verse

betrays the late period of his writing.

Address. "And now I, Mormon, being about

City. State. It DOES make a difference

WHERE you save

852 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to deliver up the record which I have posited the large plates of Nephi in made other contributions to the been making into the hands of my the Hill Cumorah and passed on to record. At length, when he ceased

son Moroni, behold I have witnessed his son, Moroni, the plates of Morto write, about 421 A.D., he had

almost all the destruction of my mon together with the small plates made four distinct additions to the people, the Nephites."(Verse 1.) of Nephi. (Mormon 6:6.) Then for volume which were ( 1 ) certain reQuite plainly the months or years of sixteen years the record is strangely flections and prophecies that comcareful composing and tedious ensilent. Suddenly, about 401 A.D., prise chapters eight and nine of

graving of his abridgment were now Moroni wrote a postscript to his Mormon; (2) the book of Ether, a

at an end. father's account, lamenting his nathumbnail sketch or abridgment oi

Interesting enough, after extion's downfall, his father's death, the record of a long extinct nation, plaining in this appendage how he and his own intense loneliness. called the Jaredites, whose ruins the

had earlier found the precious little (Mormon 8:1-6.) Intermittently Nephites had discovered about 121

record (verse 3), why he treasured during the next twenty years he B.C., (Ether 1:1-2; Mosiah 8:7-12);

it (verse 4), and why he now felt impressed to include it with his own metal book (verses 6-7), he proceeded, in a few short paragraphs, to give the high lights to King Benjamin's reign. There can be but one

explanation for his adding this historical appendage to the ancient small plates of Nephi. It was necessary as a bridge between the point

in the early lifetime of King Benjamin where the small plates of Nephi end and the point in the later lifetime of Benjamin where the book of Mosiah begins. It was necessary,

that is, if the small plates of Nephi were to serve as a possible substitute for, or complete historical supplement to, the secular book of Lehi.

Perhaps from Mormon's point of view, his action, then and there, made the book of Lehi the supplement and the small plates of Nephi the real history of the early period;

for by integrating the small plates of Nephi with the book of Mosiah he now had a continuous record of the religious writings of his people from the days of the Prophet Nephi to his day. did hedown Nor own Togetherness: a Wicks Pipe Organ and you

hisrely for to the data upon memory fill the gap between the two records.

As he shifts from the explanatory If you were to sit down at this Wicks Pipe Organ right now and play, part of his Words of Mormon to the you would never want to play any other kind of organ again.

history part, he announces, "And Over the years, thousands of organists have discovered the Wicks organ now I, Mormon, proceed to finish is for them, for now and forever. Why a Wicks? Because only Wicks fully

out my record, which I take from the complements the skills of the true artist, providing both tonal and mechanplates of Nephi....."(Verse 9.) We icalwithperfection.consistent Andblendingonly aintoWicksa brilliantassures ensemble.such keen refinement of all voices that this simplyunderstand to mean

he returned to his basic sourcebook, There are many more reasons why you and a Wicks Pipe Organ belong the large plates of Nephi, to obtain together: Wicks'perfection of the "eyeline"console for easy, all around

the information for the historical vision... custombuilding of all parts and complete testing to insure

notes that comprise the little bridge instrument reliability and long life. Find out how you can play a Wicks

that follows in verses 9-18. (Note Organ. No obligation. Send coupon for full details.

especially verse 16.)

Moroni's Contribution to the Sacred. ItCcUl faufioH, 7oday...7U Otitration

Record WicksHighland,OrganIllinoisCompany Dept. 1 30

After Mormon had bridged the Please mail full information on Wicks Pipe Organs to:

historical the gap between two before the Hill and justrecords—.jiiiPPIPE -OR.GAIVS. '; YourYour NameChurch massacre crushed theCumorah of The House Wicks Streel AddressNephite nation deWicks Organ Company forever—Mormon

Highland, Illinois City -Zone- -State.

NOVEMBER I960 853 (3) the book of Moroni, a miscellany compilation. We call these the Joseph Smith Receives and

of epistles, exhortations, and other sealed plates. Moroni addressed Translates the Sacred Record

items pertaining to the discipline specific instructions to the latterday recall will that reader The when of translator of the Book Mormon doctrine of the Nephite Church;and to turn ready the was Mormon this to to translate secnot attempt statedescriptive a summary(4) his to over just son Moroni, 5:1.) (Ether contents of plates The title tion. that the forms modernlyment Hill the battle, before he Cumorah this will revealed record be when of translated thepage volume. little to his- a was prompted add is spiritually the world prepared,

of plates to the bridge small Moroni affirmed; but that day still toricalThe Sealed Plates inplates those and include Nephi lies ahead.

tact his plates with own of Mormon. air of the surrounds mystery An finished with Moroni was When the Smith received Joseph Whenfinal in history the development literary of his labors deposited the he plates, reinspiration Mormon's was of record.the the sacred formation in plates Hill the combined Cuverified, the for Prophet markably thirtysix-year the duringSometime entire compilation morah. The first translated abridgMormon's that Hillperiod followed the Cuplates the small of comprised Nephi,

his of of the Lehi. book ment Then battle, A.D., 385 Moroni plates of themorah the and Mormon, 116lost assistant, Harris, the Martin

added another group of plates to the sealed plates. page translation of this section.

(Joseph Smith, History of the Church, Vol. 1, p. 56.) Although

the Prophet was filled with despair

to that his sorrow suppose turned New Crop Raisins Are joyat this apparent tragedy, we may that the sacred he learned when small plates (with of Nephi Morthereto) covered appendage At Your Grocers NOW! mon's

the same period of history as the more secular book of Lehi and was "more particular concerning the things"which the Lord intended should to the brought be knowledge PAK the of in family HOME our generhuman BRAND ation. (D&C 10:4152.) When the

CALIFORNIA SEEDLESS Prophetthe smallfinishedplates ofhis Nephi,translationhe reof turned to the plates of Mormon and translated the rest of Mormon's abridgement but stopped at the sealed plates, for he was not per- - RAISINS - mitted to translate them.

Joseph Smith utilized Moroni's statement, that summary he found 'VYIoIul ipwc J'jalL JddjcIa. at as of the plates, the the end

"page of the translated volume. titleHe (Riclv wiipL (fcriiinA. explains this action in his journal:

"I wish to mention here that the titlepage of the Book of Mormon is a literal translation, taken from the

DISCOUNTS very last leaf, on the left hand side of the collection or of plates, book TO TYPEWRITERS UP TO ao% FOLDKING which contained the record which especially suitable for has been translated, the language

GENEALOGY WORK Hebrewof the wholewritingrunningin general;the sameandasthatall

is said titlepage not any by means SAVE! TABLE1 K-3 either of composition, a modern

MASONITE TEMPEREDPLASTICIZED or other mine of any has to man who 25% 60% NO. LINE TABLE TOP FOLDING

live lived or in this does generation. social Rebuilts Factory Kitchen committees, on

attention! Directfrom- Smith, (Joseph History of the discounts up PORTABLES - STANDARDS groups,factory

to terms.—Churches, 40%prices Church, Vol. 1, p. 71.) ELECTRICS Schools, all Clubs,—Lodges and

Write For Free Literature organizations.roe 1961 FoldKingOur newFoldingMonThe finished translation, therefore,

Banquet Tables are unmatched included in order, the title page, the 7 for quality, MODELS. durability, convenROLLING. ience SMOOTH, and handsome Sch/uvysLtiL 9nxi. EASY HANDLING, STORAGE. ance. 68 Models andappearsizes. smallthe platesplatesofofMormonNephi, andexceptall theof

of Lehi. Business Machines and Supplies FREE—Color pictures. FullBIGline tables,1961chairs, tableCATALOGand chair trucks, book

757 So. State platformrisers, portable partitions, bulletin boards. 53rd year.

Salt Lake City 11, Utah THE MONROE CO., 249 Church St., Colfax, Iowa

854 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Serving over 60 cities in six The Book of Mormon and great states—and now Calgary

the Three Witnesses (Continued from page 791) in Canada.

witnesses. Mr. Whitmer turned his

large, kind, but penetrating eyes IVESTCOaSTupon me and, in a very pleasant and considerate, but firm and steady voice said, 'Read the printed testimony of the three witnesses which you will find on one of the front First to fly the F-27 PropJet pages of the Book of Mormon, and

I say to you that every word is true.'

David Whitmer did not rejoin the

Church. He died in Richmond,

Missouri, January 25, 1888, maintaining his testimony to the truthfulness of the Book of Mormon.

He was the last of the three witWHISPER SOFTLY TO

NOVEMBER BY BEULAH HUISH SADLEIR Whisper softly to November Through her shutters newly closed;

Whisper lest the sounds offend her,

Sounds predicting early snows.

Whisper reverence as November Recollects the Pilgrims'waysEach new generation's versing

Of a nation's hardy days.

nesses to die. He lies buried in BEFORE BUYING AN ORGAN—SEE

Richmond, in a different cemetery that of Oliverfrom Cowdery.

Harris, the Martin third of the en organs three witnesses, was likewise excommunicated during the difficult days BEFORE BUYING A PIANO - SEE of Kirtland. He came West later,

rejoined the Church, and spoke in the

Salt Lake Tabernacle. My father

and mother were present on that pianosoccasion. Mother often told us, in

my childhood and youth, what he had said and how he looked. She THE WORLD'S FINEST

heard his testimony in the Salt Lake MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS inTabernacle that his testimony the i> BRIDAL GOWNS

AVAILABLE FOR CHURCH OR HOME FORMALS of is true.Book Mormon OR WRITE FOR INFORMATION DRESSES PHONE last five years The of his life were

spent at Clarkston, Cache County, LINGERIE

Utah. He died July 10, 1875, when SUMMERHAYS MUSIC CO.

he was ninetytwo years of age. His 3719 So. StateAM 2-1 061 -S. L. C, Utah

honored grave is in the Clarkston cemetery.

There you have your witnesses and their reputability. Although all

three of them left the Church during IN USE for SEVENTyIiVeTeARS their lifetimes, none ever denied his testimony to the divinity of the Book 38 South Main Salt Lake City Aids in treatment of Canker, simple of Mormon. It is a wonderful book. sore throat and other minor mouth

and throat irritations.It is one of the vital cornerstones of PRESIDENTS OF THE CHURCH

the restored Church. Beautiful full color pictures of all of them.

Available in Booklet Form at your LDS Church HALL'S REMEDY

Book Dealers. Salt Lake City. Utah

$1.00 1—it""n

NOVEMBER I960 855 Right at the Center of the Center of Scenic America

How to Teach the Book of Mormon

(Continued from page 805)

W J. Jesus Christ. But that variable is

iln important. One people achieves

I intogreatbarbarism.culture while the other sinks

*w-J 1 The influence of God, when accepted, led to prosperity, peace, and 'SSiiBSI"'happiness. The rejection of God led

invariably to war, degradation, and oblivion. Thus the book becomes a

promise and a warning to nations.

Adjacent to worldfamous Temple Square Third: Relate the principles and

Your choice of downtown locations: problems discussed in the book to

situations. with presentday air conditioned Hotel with rooms conditioned Utah 1 50 air rooms 500 HOTEL of is not a The Book book television, Mormon pool, conswimming circulating ice radio, TV and ijtau MOTOR

facilities vention adjoining water, for up lobby, garage to 1500 is "to read."to have one The book I nnrF

persons. Empire Shop. Room, Coffee constantly as should turn which we

Max Dean, Manager a guide to presentday living. Nephi

followed this principle in teaching his people the Hebrew scripture:

"And I did read many things unto them... for I did liken all scriptures

unto us, that it might be for our PORTABLE POWER profit and learning.... I spake unto CUTS YOUR COSTS them saying: Hear ye the words of

the prophet... and liken them unto

vourselves...."4

*I Nephi 19:2324

WINTER PEACE

3500 i i BY ROWENA JENSEN BILLS WATT,--mmT% 10OK.W—AllOther Siies—400Voltages,WattPhases.to The valley rests in winter peace. Deluxe Portable Seating

USE POWER TOOLS WITH DEPENDABLE Harvesting done, the combines cease.

by '- ELECTRIC orchard tree, fruitless and bare, HeywoodWakefield OWE* PLANTS Each portable chairs prosave 4 big ways with a Becomes a silhouette in prayer. HEYW00D- 1 You vide an economical, electric 'WAKEFIELD plant: WINP0WER

idles load plant convenient when means of (1) automatically is.. Inside, the fires burn yellow bright, off. fuel cost obtaining additional,

.. lowers extends engine. noise.. cuts.

life; seating temporary hearts mellow from an inner And

less costs. priced to to buy.. (2) sacrificing capacity without comfort all competition; beat

sight supplying production speeds or dignity Available by of decor. up in full- (3)

cost, instant the job; low on power spring upholstered cushion models, long gives you dependable and of As slow winds push outside the door. years ply- (4) service semiupholstered, durable by backed 35 and

Portable experience. manufacturing line entire wood, the features welded cradle units or two wheel dolly Cellars and cupboards hold in store

steel construction tubular types. frame which

COMPLETE BROCHURE assures AND years of extra service. Write FREE INFORThe lavish lush of summer's yield.

MAIL. RETURN SENT BY MATION literature. for illustrated

HEYWOODWAKEFIELD COMPANY Books and music firmly shield CO. MFG. Auditorium Seating Division WINPOWER Young active minds while Mother IOWA MENOMINEE, Dept. NEWTON, MICHIGAN

knitsDistributed by L A. JONES CO. Father dozes as he sits

PRESIDENTS OF THE CHURCH 1120 Richards Si. DA 2-5849Salt Lake City, Utah Content to dream and secretly bring

Beautiful full all color pictures of of them. CONSTRUCTION IdealtorHOME - FARM Visions of another spring. CAMPING in BookletAvailable Church your Form at LDS

Book Dealers. WELFARE

and EMERGENCY PROGRAMS $1.00 856 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Wonderful Christmas Gift!

TWO BRAND NEW ALBUMS The Purpose of Life MORMON TABERNACLE CHOIR

This is a problem of every indi- "A Mighty Fortress""The Holly and the Ivy"vidual, in every age. The answer of (Selections) (Selections)

Lehi is gratifying: "Men are, that AHowMightyFirm Fortressa Foundation DeckFlemishthe CarolHall

they might have joy."But the answer OnwardBehold theChristianGreat RedeemerSoldiers Die BringHark Now,Your TorchesO Shepherds

is not left here. Prophet after prophMore Holiness Give Me Angels We Have Heard on High

et bears witness to the kind of joy TheGod,Lord OurIs MyHelpShepherdin Ages Past WhileO HolyShepherdsNight Watched Their Flocks which man may attain and the possCome,1 KnowComeThat YeMy SaintsRedeemer Lives WattsFirst NoelNativity Carol ible eternal nature of happiness. Though in the Outward Church Good King Wenceslas

Nephi sings of the joy to his soul in FatherAbide within HeavenMe; 'Tis Eventide TheWhenHollyJesusandWastheo IvyLittle Child

Follow Boy Me Athis life: Come

Let All our Fathers isMortalBorn Flesh Keep Silent God of is This? support; Nearer Child hath to Thee Whot God My God "My been my

Est of Christus Hodie, Rock Natus Ages afflicthrough hath minehe led me Light Lead, Kindly Sing Hark! The Herald Angels

tions in the wilderness; and he hath GuideYe SimpleUs, SoulsThouWhoGreatStrayJehovah ML 5592-4.98 Stereo MS 6192-5.98

Breaks; of Morning the the The the waterspreserved Shadows upon me in 15c per U.S.A. Postage anywhere Flee Mailed Thou Glorious of Come, Promise Day

countries to postage foreign deep. album—Mailedgreat All Creatures King and of Our God

accordingly.

filled his love, hath with "He me Stereo 6162-5.98 5497-4.98 ML MS

even unto the consuming of my flesh. I COLUMBIA OTvl "He hath confounded mine eneFirst Department Store America'sZmies, unto the causing of them to RECORDS Salt Lake City 10, Utah

quake before me.

"Behold he hath heard my cry by day, and he hath given me knowledge by visions in the nighttime.

"And by day have I waxed bold in get INSUREDmighty prayer before him; yea, my

voice have I sent up on high; and

of the An agencyangels Federal Governmentunto me."5 came down and ministered Highest Mm so"

B2 Nephi 4:2024. %m Dividend U insured Safety =

your savings received by the 10th earn from the first

COOPERATION BY JULIA WHITTIER WOLFE SAVINGS

Yours be the hands to hold the cup. and

Mine be the hands to pour; LOAN ASSOCIATION

Theirs be the thirst that we shall formerly Zicns Benefit Building Society slake, 33 EAST 1st SOUTH -SALT"LAKE CITY

The strength we shall restore. 49D1 SOUTH STATEMURRAY

Utah s Oldest: Savings and Loan Association

Yes, for the world has many tasks

In which each servant shares, And seeks the sum of the toil of all:

Of yours and mine and theirs.

the world over Yours be the hand that sows the wheat, And mine to make the bread; Please send a free HOME STUDY catalog to:

Name And theirs be the hand to break the Address bread City.State

By which the world is fed.

HOME STUDY Adult Education and Extension Services

Brigham Young University Provo, Utah

NOVEMBER I960 857 Alma portrays the peace of rest of Economic Questions NEW the righteous beyond the veil. To

AND DAMAGED those troubled and afflicted he promTo the individual who is disturbed

MERCHANDISE isespromisesrest, succor,to thoseto thosein prisonrighteoushe bywealth,the collectionthe book andbringsdistributiona sensibleof slain in the field of battle he promand revolutionary answer in the

GROCERIES FURNITURE ises "they shall be received up in words of Jacob:

glory."6 "Think of your brethren like unto

APPLIANCES LUGGAGE yourselves, and be familiar with all

BUILDING MATERIALS The Question of Prayer and free with your substance, that they may be rich like unto you.

"Where a scratch saves To him who wonders about the "But before ye seek for riches, seek you many dollars"very existence of God and his willye for the kingdom of God.

ingness to respond to our pleas, the "And after ye have obtained a

Save Up To 50% book answers in graphic examples; hope in Christ ye shall obtain riches,

All NEW Merchandise to the brother of Jared, Christ shows if ye seek them; and ye will seek

himself long before gracing the earth them for the intent to do good—to

FULLY GUARANTEED in the flesh. 7 To Lehi and Nephi, clothe the naked, and to feed the

God opens the heavens and makes hungry, and to liberate the captive, his plans known; to Alma he sends and administer relief to the sick and

angels to assure him of conditions the afflicted."13

beyond the grave; 8 to Mormon he SHOOL'S sends angels to reveal the Government innocence EL 9-4441 Stale South 359

little of children; the 9 to Moroni road Salt Lake City, Utah 10 to personal revelation. In halfThe the Book of Mormon we see

hearted prayer is chided by the pergovernment in its many forms and sistence of Enos; 11 and the wicked under varying conditions and come

are warned by the fate of Zoram. 12 to the conclusion that then and now

the form of government is not so "Alma 40; 41; 60:1213.

important as the righteousness of the Ether 3:6-16. COAT

41. 40; sAlma people; that the practice of princi- 8:5-15. cutct 'Moroni

HAT RACKS 10Moroni"Book of 10:3-5.Enos. ples transcends the operations of

Bring efficiency checkroom 12Alma 30:5960. "Jacob 2:1719.

to the church and SundaySchool. Keep wraps in an

orderly and "in manner—aired,press". No. 3 walldry

racks length any to come in fit; 4 spaced coat hangers hat THE CONVERT and

spaces per running foot. Mount on

wall at the desired height for each age group.

The 5 ft. Portable No. 50 Checker accommo- (a tribute to the missionaries)

dates 50 people, goes wherever needed on large ballbearing-swivel casters. Answers the wraps problem, in vestibules or for meetings, dinners, BY EVELYN ELIZABETH VESTERFELT

etc. Efficient, sanitary, fireproof and quality

built for lifetime service of welded, heavy gauge steel with square tubular columns.

Write for Bulletin CK690 My door was open but my heart was shut units for fist Tighter than every Shylock's against church need word; your BWardrobe* including portable umbrella and I yet to... And bade welcome you overshoe for racks my house, entrances, and

storage for racks robes. I could not untried, judge a unheard! man

VOGELPETERSON CO.

Rt. 83 and Madison St. Elmhurst, Illinois You spoke of God; you bowed your head in prayer

And told of Saints in these, the latter days;

Skeptic at first, I listened silently,

Loath to discard the old familiar ways.

FIL "What are your teachings? Whom do you worship then?'

DEVELOPED and PRINTED "Why should I take your word these things are true?"

I questioned them... before my wondering eyes,

The Book of Mormon opened pathways new!

PER ROLL Peace which I ne'er possessed has laved my soul;

RollFor B or 12 Exposure any 6, 8 &W to learn, teach there is more and Oh, much to

Roll per only 354 PRINTS JUMBO If very God's own, with number I would

GENEALOGY PHOTOS If I would tread his path without return!

NEGATIVES MADE of OLD PHOTOS, 604 each. PRINTS Thou art God's chosen teachers, this I know;

of NEGATIVE, 41 each And ere you journey to your homes again,

Send coin only—no C.O.D. s Grant me these words to speed you on your way.

MoneyBack Guarantee "You did not knock upon my door in vain!"

SAM'S PHOTO LAB P. O. Box 1115 Dept. AA Salt Lake City, Utah

858 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.. * sparkling

politics. We witness the failure of

governments to meet the underlying problems of society without the conversion of that society to the standards of Christ. All of the above lemon lime

lessons are basic to the survival of civilization in any age and must not be lost sight of in the minutia which - too often accompanies teaching.

Fourth: The teacher should catch in the green bottle

the willingness of the writers to discuss the reasons behind the work and plans of the Lord, the purpose of ordinances and the reasonableness inevitability judgments.and of In with the red label learn of the need2 Nephi 31:6-9 we

and purpose of Christ's baptism; in

Mosiah 18:13 and elsewhere we learn

of the need of our own baptism. In

1:22293 and 3 Nephi Nephi 12:1-2 Get in the Spirit! to understand the method comewe

and value of baptism. 7i

In 3 Nephi 18:1-11 and in Moroni CocaColaBottledBottlingby Co., l SERVE ICE CQlB"?6

4:5 we get a new look at the Salt Lake City, Utah

ordinance of the Sacrament of the

Lord's Supper. In Mormon 9:3-5 and

Alma 12:1418 among others, we get

a new look at the nature and inevitability of judgments. STORAGE CAMPING DAILY USE

The student should be led to use the Book of Mormon as a handbook on the principles and ordinances of the gospel of Jesus Christ, and in thediscussion of each of those principles PERMAPAK and ordinances the student should be YOUR HEADQUARTERS FOR brought to an understanding of the part the Book of Mormon has played FOOD STORAGE and SURVIVAL KITS in restoring the truth regarding the teachings of the Master.

The student should be brought to jpecicLiizina in cJLowoLow IIt tV loidtureloidture srooddbroods an appreciation of the great contribution of 3 Nephi 12:13 and to an SPECIAL GROUP PRICES INQUIRE ABOUT GROUP DINNERS

understanding of the Sermon on the

Mount, especially verses 1 to 12 as—Catalog Available on Request—

explaining Matthew 5:1-12. The

teacher should be constantly awareof the contributions of the book to PERMAPAK an understanding of the Holy Bible 3106 South Main - IN 7-9479 - Salt Lake City 15, Utah so that the student catches the relationship thereto realizes and that the HAND GRINDERSBREAD MIXERSCANNED WATER bothBook of supplements Mormon and affirms the message of the

Hebrew scriptures.

From a consideration of the four itareas, should to the be apparent teacher that the Book of Mormon is A BARGAIN IN TRAVEL! *T HOMEIMPORT

not a story to have read; that the Two Months BUSINESS! Unlimited Train Travelchronological account is secondary—show Women. Men you We in Europe bigprofit items to import howto its great teachings; that in and

prices foreign at low amazingthose find teachings the applicaleft). is we at (examples Your home $125.00 list office. your Get 157 lmoftion to us to our times and so that Full or spare time FREE! only in U.S.A. (ports Can be purchased

take Order. business Mail by Orthe vibrant book fife—becomes with

Calf or writs stores. orders from Imvolume

livinga that forever book clothing, sporting jewelry, may a port be guide to those who would open its Christophcrson Travel Service goods,RIENCE hardware,OR INVESTMENTetc. NOIN PRODEXPE-

pages. UCTS NEEDED. Without obligation

details for complete today Clocks 65* send "Big John Weenig"list FREE! imports Air 157 of and in Germany night. over us reaches mail The

value $5 Co., 1717 Westwood, Meltinger FR 3-5310 Provo, Utah Box 43

U.S.A. in Calif. Angeles Dept.C165B,Los 24,

NOVEMBER I960 859 02227*—$10.75

Marrakesh Persian Morocco, half circuit, leather lined. 64 pages of Concise

Helps. Concordance. Black

or red. 5 x thick. IVa,W

04334x—$9.75

Morocco grain Calf, half circuit, simulated leather ining. Concordance. 5 X

thick.

$11.75 04337x—04434x-$10.95 Levant grain The words of Christ cirGoatskin, half

cuit, leather lined are printed in red.

Concordance. 5 Morocco grain Calf,

VA, Va"thick halflated circuit,leather lining.simuConcordance. 5 x

7>/4, only %"thick.

04884x—$14.95

Levant grain Calf, half circuit, simulated leather lining. Concordance. 5 3A x 8 s/s } less than

one inch thick.

New and distinguished

Ideal for personal use or as a thoughtful gift 01156x—$7.00

An easyto-read, easyto-carry Ruby

Text Bible bound in Goatskin, half circuit, simulated leather lining, round corners, red under gold edges. 3%6 x 5%G x s/a".

-.--W* The NEW Ruby New Testament with Psalms A WideMargin Bible 01510 $8.00—$4.00 0231x—Designed for preachers, teachers, Bible and students. This popular small Testament was Includes generous margins specially and fine made, reset completely in beautiful, legible, quality for paper notes the actual on page the of type. Ruby New in Persian Bound text. in Bound Buckram, boards, over square corners, circuit, half Morocco, simulated leather red edges. Printed jacket. 7 9V4 x x V/z". lining, round corners, gold edges.

23/4X31%6 X 1/4".

Oxford THE X indicates Oxford Ultrathin India Paper Editions OXFORD UNIVERSITY PRESS HALLMARK

Quality

860 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA f f% - / v

4 J

V

NOVEMBER 1960 Marion D. Hanks, Editor; Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor

.#. lot of people get a lot of places >y pulling strings. But the teen who

makes puppets out of parents by wheedling, whining, coaxing, and crying to get his own way, or parents who turn teens into marionettes by manipulating their lives at every turn, will find they are getting no- ''QC-#'where at all in the quest for happy family relationships. We were walking up the

String pulling should be saved road leading to Palmyra, for kite flying or puppeteering New York, from the Hilland parents and teens could better for Cumorah. It had been a

use their energies in learning how—m/-\/-\ s\ full day for the Scouts

to play their own roles more effec- I several hundred of them. lljtively in the home show. | 1 \ 7 First had been the Sacred

And to help you do just that, we BY S. Grove where Joseph Smith

give you this month, our Family DILWORTH YOUNG had learned the truth

Album, complete with suggestions about the nature of the on how to live at home and like Father and the Son; then the Smith home

it... tips on what parents expect and the account of Moroni's visit; finally the

from teens and (hopefully) vice Hill Cumorah, with its stirring memories of versa... important pages sumgreat events, great battles, great visions.

ming up family life data from the Our column was strung out, two abreast, 1960 White House Conference on on the left shoulder of the road. Each boy

Youth.... had a white handkerchief tied to his right

Study our album. Think about it. arm. We two leaders, a boy and I, had the

Practise what it preaches and save arm bands, plus a handkerchief each, spread the string pulling for puppeteers. across our chests, and a flashlight—all of

this so as to be easily seen by motorists. It

was dark—about 9 p.m.

"What do you think of your dad?"I asked

my companion. The day—and now the

night—had been sobering, and easily led to

sober thought, sober conversation.

"You know my dad,"he replied, "rough, tough, smokes, drinks some, yet I love him.

But he doesn't think I do. He thinks I hold

him in contempt. I can't seem to tell him

how I feel. I don't like his habits, but I

respect and love him. He's given me a

home—a good one—clothes, school, allowance, everything I need or want. But we

haven't been companionable, and I couldn't seem to let him know I care about him. I've

often wanted to put my arms around him and tell him, but about the time he'd seem mellow enough, and I'd go to do it, he'd seem to sense it and tighten up."

What that boy didn't know was: why did from mothers—and is surprised to learn that

I ask him about his dad? The night before fathers have it too.

we had started on our trip the father of this "But,"said I, "there is more to it than that.

boy had slipped into my office. He was big Somehow the sons and daughters must realize

and toughlooking. His hands and clothes that they, in their receiving all these gifts,

were stained with the marks of his occupamust also give in return. For if the parents

tion. And he said to me: want to give the children a happy childhood

"I've never been able to get close to my so must the children want to give the parents boy. Every time I try, in my clumsy way, a happy parenthood. But how?

something seems to come between us. He "Fitting into the family pattern; being

tightens up, and seems to resist my effort to obedient to the family rules of conduct; retalk to him. Will you do me a favor? When membering that, if away, they should inform

you get a chance, on this trip, will you tell the folks where they are and when they will him his dad loves him and is proud of him? return; at mealtime doing their share of

I'm proud that he's stronger than I, and that preparation and cleaning; watching out for

his habits are better than mine. Tell him their smaller brothers and sisters; anticipatthat life would be empty for me if he wasn't ing the needs of these smaller associates and

in it."By this time tears were coursing down helping before mother needs to call for help

his cheeks, and his hands were clenched in making father and mother feel glad to have his earnestness. I said, "I'll tell him."them around; entertaining as well as expect-

"Thanks,"he replied. And so this night I did. ing to be entertained; and, above all, remem-

I told him how fathers are made, and what bering that what one is physically and menthey dream when they become fathers. That tally, a large part of it came from them."

even the worst of them have great moments Then I said to him:

of almost heavenly love and feeling. One of "We have been to the places where God

these moments is at the birth of a child. our Father began to explain how he would

While the mother goes through the physical begin his work. And what do you think is

agony, the father goes through the deep pain the key—the center of his work?...

wrong. It isn't the ward, it'sof selfevaluation. He feels he is not worthy "No—you're

of the blessing about to be given him, and your home. After we are resurrected, there

he wants to be worthy of his boy, who is of will be only one basis for your eternity—

the fibre of him, of his sinew, of his heart. your father, your mother, your wife, your

I told him how a mother and a father plan children, and their children—this will be the

and cooperate in the rearing so that he will center of your eternal life.

have the best of everything in his life. What "If your dad can't break the ice, why don't

they had of hardship and evil, they are deyou...."

termined he shall not have; if they lacked Just then, we rounded a bend into Palmyra

in advantage, they are anxious not to let him and boarded our train. I hope that Longstart with that handicap. Such is the love of fellow was right when he said, "The thoughts

a father and a mother. Well, one expects it of youth are long, long thoughts."

NOVEMBER 1960 863 1-t

At fourteen my greatgreat-grandmother children. I wanted to give them high ideals,

Jane took over the household tasks while honor, truth, and love. But I lacked her

her stepmother was ill with the coming of a wisdom. Although I asked for the help of

new baby. It was hard work and she had God, I found myself as poorly equipped for

little time for outside activities. One day a being a mother at the end of each new year

friend visited her and together they overas I had been at the beginning. One day I

heard her parents'voices, drifting to them indignantly stated to a returned missionary from the kitchen. that I didn't see why I couldn't have the same

"But Lara,"her father said, "the girl has guidance that a missionary receives for his worked hard enough, let her rest. She's only work. Surely I was one of God's children, too.

a child and you now expect her to make the This wise young replied, man "This is true,

..."bread take. and and perhaps if you spent as much time

The conversation was never finished bemissionary does in the service of God asyoua cause Jane went quickly to the kitchen. 'Til would have this guidance."

mix the bread, Mother,"she said softly, "I The thought stuck in my mind for many won't mind in the least."weeks. I began to see that preparing for

girls the were When once motherhood was one of the hardest alone, more Jane's friend things I had ever done. Being a good asked her about her un-; mother meant changing lifemany usual willingness, and long habits. It meant hours of replied, Jane "I doam prayer and study to decide what this ing for children. my would be best for family, my patriarchal blessing My

it and brought many heartsays will they follow my example, and I wwsr must start preparing to be a good example now."

/!'Like my greatig**"*

greatgrandmother, I too wanted to do

; something for my

Make mine a Mission BY MARY JOAN RAY SECOND PLACE WINNER 1825 AGE GROUP aches when others criticized or One of the most constructive results of the nationwide when I found that many things preparations which went into the 1960 White House

I did were not yet good enough. Conference on Children and Youth was the Utah survey of

My preparation isn't completed high school and junior high school students, parts of which yet. Motherhood is a very long appear on the following two pages. The thousands of

mission, so it will take a long time boys and girls participating in the survey represent the solid and diligent work to prepare a majority of American youth, with their sound and straighthome fit for the spirits of God. forward suggestions. They spoke frankly, and with courage

My greatgreat-grandmother's and responsibility and good judgment.

willingness to help her stepThe young people were asked to identify what they believe mother has come down to me to be their chief problems and to suggest solutions. They

through four generations and freely acknowledged their own responsibility for some of has been an example to me. Now their problems, but almost unanimously laid the chief burden

I see how I must raise my chilfor youth's troubles on parents and other adults, who, they dren by example. said, lack interest, consistency, and willingness to set a

worthy example. They gave to the adult generation the

charge to reestablish the kind of homes and family life that will provide the love, discipline, guidance, and example that the young need.

In the survey the young people express their earnest desire for more opportunities to work, supervised activity, parental interest, direction, and discipline. They say they want less

early freedom with automobiles, access to tobacco and alcohol, inconsistency and hypocrisy and emphasis on materialistic goals. They ask for better adult example, religious

cooperation and experience in the home, better understanding and communication with their parents. They want

fair rules, consistently and strictly enforced.

They want to belong to a family. They plead for love and

leadership from parents who will show the way.

The survey teaches us that young folks are not so much concerned with things. Interestingly, although they are intelligent and informed and articulate, not one of them

mentioned fear of nuclear bombs or enemy attack as a major problem. Their real worries are closer to home. They

have the good sense to know that what really matters most in this world is what kind of people there are in it, and they want help in becoming the kind of wholesome, happy individuals they would like to be.—mdh

youth's problems

... answers

Some of us do not have a happy relationship parents. There with our

result lot through of our troubles A is of misunderstanding a lack and control, inconsistent of parental lack harmony. Sometimes there is a negadiscipline, from kids not knowing

tive or distrustful attitude on the part what is expected of them.

of both parents and children. We

need closer family ties. We need to

be able to communicate with each other and understand each other. Parents could help us avoid a lot of

pain by letting us know exactly what they expect of us in important matters.

We know we have to learn to make our

Many families have ceased to exist own decisions, but we need some families these days.as The family has

There would be less misunderstanding guidance. organizations dependent uponbecome

and people other than members of the at home if there were less pursuing of family to supply the things they need. independent projects and more doing

things together. The family needs Some parents are unable to say "no"

to do things together. They should when they should. Most young people

their firm decision appreciate from a study, to church, play, go work, go should earlyParents associations have if fully parents, don't they even nights, outings, and have family on their discussions with childrenand it. It helpful understand be would life. family create a wholesome

untilrather than waiting the children if the parents of explain some would are older. Too often they seem to their decisions, but we would like them

interestunderestimate our and intelligence, or else they don't seem Young people need to be loved and to to say something, "even if it's wrong."

to be very interested themselves. know it. It would be wonderful if

our parents sometimes told us they love us, as well as doing things There should be more strict "do's"and

A little common courtesy and respect for us. "don'ts"on important matters.

in the home would help a lot.

Adults should be willing to study, Ninety percent of the kids I know feel of late hours. no comes good for time youth that have ideas, share and

Fathers the should take responsibility in justified Parents are asking teenagers in to order acquainted become sure thatof trying there is activities to make in to certain hours. get at his problems. teenager with the and

interest love loyalty andenough and in the home to hold the family together.

The breakdown in family life seems There seems to be a lack of group to be the result of broken homes, planning and discussion. Parents should

both parents working, selfishness, and be firm in taking the lead; they should

better understanding need a of ourWe be consistent in discipline and fair in interest, love, guidance of lack and protective,religious, and economic judgments. to join together their in the need home. We

relationships.

in activities, discuss our problems, have more time together in work and recreational activities.

Many mothers work who do not need to, but do it to get some of the unnecessary "nicer things."This leads

to family neglect.

42,000 of them did, in preparation for the 1960 White House Conference on Children and Youth, in 99 junior high schools high and some of you said schools in Utah. are Here

some of their thoughts.

Young people have a major responsibility for improving relations with their parents. The adults are taking the

major share of the blame for youth's troubles, but children have a responsibility in the home and community, as well as parents and other adults.

One of our most serious problems is steady dating and tooearly marriage.

Youth should seek advice from parents; Some young people have the strange

take some responsibility in the home, idea that this solves their problems, when cooperate with family members and in fact they soon learn that they parents; respect and honor father and have complicated their problems

mother, be considerate and help to very seriously.

have fun together as a family group.

Parents should realize that more adult

Young people should compromise and guidance and direction is needed and.

be reasonable in dealings with parents. less freedom for youth to do as they

They should appreciate the financial please. There is too much early dating

problems of the family. permitted, and often too many

privileges in regard to the family car.

It would help if a lot of parents All of this forces us to grow up listen willing to to their bewould is caused too fast.

Itchildren sometimes. also be A lot of family quarreling would

very helpful if they would set a by money problems. Parents could

behavior example themselves. help by discussing financial matters

with the family and explaining what More discipline and religion is needed the family situation and obligations in the home. Early marriages could

Some of us find it difficult to honor are. Earning teenagers should consult be decreased if members of the

our parents when they do the things with parents, and an understanding family would become more considerate living, in their should another daily one be reached part of of as to what set thethey they and do example if the family set. the financial would act as responsibility a family the teenager

is lacking, of parentsRespect often because of parent habits. should accept. and not as individuals. Not so much

freedom should be allowed the children.

Many young people lack a sense of Some teenagers fail to accept limits that deep religious feeling because of are set up by parents on boundaries Youth mi/st realize that we are not hypocrisy among adults who show no of trust. Parents should set up limits, mature at this age and should not

real concern for the spiritual aspects they should explain them to their confine ourselves to one steady date.

of their lives. Some parents need children, and then they should see We should go out with a variety of

religion more than children. that they are obeyed. Teenagers should partners so we can make a wise

realize the importance of such choice of a life partner.

boundaries and live within them.

Young people are not given sufficient religious training at home. Parents We need more emphasis and training

have depended heavily on the church in preparing us for marriage and to do their job for them. parenthood. It should be taught "in

the home by instruction and example, and it should also be taught in the

Luxuries and easy life and material school by a competent person whom goals detract from serious concern young people can respect, and in about religious values. the church.

Look who's dating Dad or Mom...you!

And a teenparent night on the town can be one of the most special experiences in a memorymaking lifetime. Can be, that is, if

parties of both parts behave their best. So

when it's your turn to make a public appearance with parents, impress them, yourself, and the world with the nicest manners you can muster.

Fellows, be sure to hold Mother's chairfkmily and wait for her to hostess at dinner. Stand

up politely if her lady friends stop to chat.

Girls, wait for Dad to open doors and take his arm when you cross the streets.

Address your parents as "Mother"and "Father"or "Dad"... saving the homespun titles for hearthside situations. Honor

BY SHIRLEY SEAL.Y them at introduction time by speaking to

them first, as: "Mother, this is Bob,"or

"Father, this is Sally."

Lucky the fellow or girl with builtin manners, but remember, they can be acquired. Don't let lack of social knowhow

keep you from honoring those two special people you love. They're the best friends

you'(Lever have.

NOVEMBER I960 869 The line is long Outside the door While yet she primps And primps some more.

home you and your family...

Her homework waits to your friends and theirs.

Until the hour Of clearing up. Spread your prettiest cloth

Of course Mom's sour.

with the specialties of your house and welcome invited guests with gayest greetings. Keep the party

simple and sparsely populated so that mingling can be manageable. But love at home? go all out on creating a

friendly mood with festive fixings for the party

candles, greens, blossoms, When he arrives and bowls of finger food.

To her dismay Her parents are Your job: seeing that

In disarray. THEIR parents know

YOURS.

Your pleasure: feeling

terribly adult in a new and rewarding social

situation.

Sure, we made fudge But you don't CARE?

(Oh no, it's just the wear and tear!)

MHm

It is surely true that God helps him who helps himself. before applies philosophy same The a game—with

of humility. You promise for and request addedI'd like to an

can promise yourself you'll be humble if you win but how much better you remember that promise in all the excitement of winning, or of congratulating the winner, if you have promised your Heavenlyknow Father.

Congratulations on the scores and scores Prayer before a date is in part for an individual alone to individual do I think for an decide, to and in response sent letters you've wonderfulof to idea it's Certainly right. it is a good if feels he to pray. what and for questionto the on when if carload a for safety wisdom and group a as pray

They've come from many ages and many of young people needs to travel some distance for thedirections. We'd like more—and more sugevening's fun. But it seems to me that a prayer to

girl together is something a and Lord from a boygestions of the questions you'd like to have the are conthat time for when they reserved special ansivered. templating marriage. I advocate prayer alone before

In the meantime, here's a sample answer a date wholeheartedly. This doesn't mean you need

from a thoughtful young woman to emerge from your room with swimming eyes, runs in the knees of your hose, or uncreased slacks. It

The question asked by one of your readers on only means that before you open the door you bow whether or not to pray before school exams, dates, your head in gratitude for your health and happiathletic contests, etc., is a timely one. The youth ness, and request wisdom in your actions and underof today are certainly being made conscious of the standing in your relationships.

fact that "you can't go it alone."We have a greater Conversation with the Lord is such a natural thing.

knowledge of the world—its parts and its very difIt doesn't require mysticism or tears or uncomfortferent people, of the infinite laws of nature, and of able feelings. It only requires genuine gratitude

our relationship to the universe, than anyone before and discretion in requests—not asking him to take

us has ever had. We certainly feel the presence of care of something you have not done or prepared for

greater power in all things, and a need for prayer. yourself. Every person should have in his thoughts

A prayer is a personal and sacred thing. I had at all times a prayer for a clear mind and a humble

never thought about or tried prayer before an exam heart. And beyond that you know how much you

until this summer. I have a friend who prays bedeserve.

fore every exam, and sometimes has even fasted. But Sincerely,

I know how hard she has studied beforehand. She Carol Bjorndal

never savs "Help me get an A,"but only "Let me Gleaner, Federal Heights Ward, have a clear mind to know what material is important Emigration (Salt Lake City) in preparation and to think clearly during the exam."Stake

attic, mount it over pinup board and spray the whole thing to harmonize withConversation your room. Cork cut in varying squares

and corded together, mobile style, makes a masculine pinup prop for boys.

NOTEWORTHY... PatPiece Daniels, an active LDS girl

don't probably you is somethingHome (California) from San Mateo familiar there It's just about. think much Stake of the a was member

... books and. records.. with your... cluttered States'Women's United

filled with squabbles and snacks and small Olympic team as an 800 fry... it's just home, that's all. meter runner. She boned up

But when you have been away from it for on scripture before her awhile, maybe even suffered the pangs of Rome trip and judges the homesickness, you see home through different whole affair as a great miseyes. Familiar old things become bound by a Pat Daniels sionary experience for her. special spirit that makes the place importantly different to you. FAT HAT, for fellows and girls. Fuzzy

Here's one way to take a new look, gain a and furry... either fake (from fur fabric)

new appreciation... do something unusual or the real thing (shades of Mom's old coat?)

with those THINGS you have lying around Cossack caps worn deep over the ears are or tucked away for safekeeping. You might sprouting on teen tops everywhere on chilly

days. And on you they look good

TACK UP YOUR TREASURES... favors,

fans, programs, pictures, souvenirs, FAMILY FIXINS... cut a banana in half crossand "stuff"on a big, fat, madeby-you wise; insert a wooden skewer; dip into melted

strawberry pillow. Use corsage pins chocolate chips (or dipping chocolate), then

for stickers. Or drape gaycolored chopped nuts. Pop into the freezer for a few

fishnet across a bare branch as a catchhours and pass with pride during treat time of all. Rescue an antique frame from the the family hour.

Now see your gift of flowersby-wire just as it will arrive

Beautiful bouquet and vase shown below now delivered anywhere in U.S.A. or Canada just as you see them here

Make something warm and human and wonderful happen... send this flowersby-wire value

Here's your chance to discover the electric Touch her so deeply you'll almost feel the effect of flowersby-wire—at a very special glow come back. This longlasting gift will

price. Stop at your FTD florist and see this grace the home, the table, and give enduring

full, rich bouquet of mums, pompons and pleasure. Take advantage of this special new

fall foliage artistically designed and delivered offer. Look up your FTD florist now in the

in a classic milk glass vase she'll use again phone book Yellow Pages under FTD—

and again. Florists'Telegraph Delivery. This Emblem Guarantees

You'll agree this is a remarkable value. Send Quality and Delivery

your money backit—and you'll reach right out and touch her. Florists'Telegraph Delivery—or

With the passing years, changes come quickly. There Investigate new Beneficial policies

may be new additions to your family—like Stevie. Perthat meet today's needs

haps you've just bought a new house... or Dad has a

promotion. There are many new specialpurpose policies and

Each of these changes mean a corresponding change programs to choose from. Your Beneficial man will be

in your family's financial picture now and in the future. happy to recommend the best one for your family size

And this means that your life insurance program should and income. Ask him especially about the new Benefactor

be reviewed periodically... to keep it up to date... to Plan that provides insurance for every member of the

make it more Beneficial to your family. family. Call him soon, or mail the coupon.

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO. HIIII*""'

, Building,Beneficial Salt Lake City, Utah BENEFICIAL LIFE juJ informationPlease send about: iiiii: i BBSII I! iK

Family Package Plan iiiiii SHI!SB

Name BBS Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah aim firStreet.

City.....Zone...State.

E1160