Obligation to all Nations | MELVIN J. BALLARD

The Mormon Missionary B. H. ROBERTS

Missionary Work in North America PRESIDENTS OF MISSIONS HOME ASPECTS OF MISSIONARY WORK SARAH B. MOODY

STORIES—A MISSIONARY MOBBING

—COMPENSATION

WESTON N. NORDGREN—SILAS L. CHENEY

: y>Af?

g:-;.-..-.-.-.-.':.::::.;.:.:..:::.::....:.::.::::-V.fAyg.;

SPECIAL SUMMER EXCURSION ROUND TRIP FARES FROM SALT LAKE CITY OR OGDEN Via

Southern Pacific Lines TO LOS ANGELES AM) RETURN BOTH WAYS VIA

SAN FRANCISCO $40.00

TO LOS ANGELES VIA SAN FRANCISCO RETURNING

DIRECT OR ROUTE REVERSED $47.50

Proportionately low fares from all other points in UTAH, IDAHO and MONTANA

STOPOVERS ALLOWED AT ALL POINTS

TICKETS ON SALE DAILY MAY 15TH TO SEPT. 30TH

FINAL RETURN LIMIT OCT. 31ST

For further information CALL, WRITE or PHONE

PRESS BANCROFT, GENERAL AGENT 41 SO. MAIN ST. SALT LABLE CITY

PHONE WASATCH 3008—3078

LDjOarments.-iAk-L at prices direct from factory to you For Ladies By ordering garments direct, For Men you save agrent's commission No. 81—Flat No. thus get better quality 92—Ribbed.9a and 9 $1.26 Light for less Wgt money. Order by No. Weave82—Ribbed number and send measLt. Wgt No. 15 93—Ribbed ure, height and No. 1.50 Fine... weight—webust Extra 83—Fine fit. guarantee the Quality CotNo. ton 1.50 925—Med. Specify or style. 1.75 OLD Light Wgt NEW No. 862—Fine Light weights usually made Mercerized 97—Med. with short sleeves legs, No. S pnd Lisle 1.95 Silk Wgt. according to pattern. Temple No. 822—Silk 1.05 Stripe Heavy weights regularly made Stripe, Med. long sleeves and long 1.50 with Wgt No. 975—Med. legs. Garments marked, 15c No. Wgt... 1.T5 Heavy 821—Extra extra. a pair prepay We Silk Fine

Stripe 1.05 postage to all parts of U. S. No. 9107 Wool

Rayon Silk.... 2.05 Samply on request Mixture 4.00

SALT LAKE KNITTING STORE 70 Main St., Salt Lake City

t'Oldeat Knlttlns Store In Utah*'

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Building Future Leaders

The young men and the young women of the State of Utah are entitled to excellent general and professional training. This,

they receive at the University of Utah. In addition, Utah's highest institution of learning is interested in developing character

and leadership. This they are also doing.

SPECIAL SUMMER WORK

The 1928 Summer Season will find special emphasis on the character building side of educational work. For those who

desire this type of work, Dr. Edith Hale Swift, Dr. Daisy A.

Hethcrington and Dr. Henry Neumann, all of New York, will

present special intensive courses in social and character education.

There will be a number of other distinguished educational specialists', such as: Dr. David S. Muzzey, nationally fame J historian; Louis Victor Saar, the distinguished composer and

pianist. These and others are in addition to a large number of

heads of departments of Utah's own well trained faculty.

Utah's summer educational needs will be fully met by the summer session of six weeks June 11 to July 20—into which

will be crystallized in curriculum broad in scope and rich in educational value.

Write for catalog.

University of Utah

SALT LAKE CITY

HHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION TUE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Extra Special!

During Our Big Expansion SALE Offer this Beautiful BrandNewWe

BABY GRAND PIANO Brown mahogany. Latest finish. Small in proportions

but with WONDERFULLY SWEET TONE. A musical

gem—fit for the touch of queenly hands. Worth a

king'sliome—butransompricedfor thesensationallyhappiness itlowwillin bringthis tosaleyourat

only $10 EASY TERMS 399 DOWN—LONG,

DAYNESBEEBE MUSIC CO "Older Than Tlie State of Utah"61 TO 65 SOUTH MAIN STREET, SALT LAKE

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA S1

*IMPROVEMENT ERA MAY, 1928 Pres. Heber J. Grant Hugh J. Cannon

Editor Associate Editor Mel VI N J. Ballard, Business Manager

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Young Men's

Mutual Improvement Associations and the Schools of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

- FrontispiecePortrait of Prest. Heber J. Grant and his Mother

My Tribute TO Mother -... Prest. Heber J. Grant 541

Obligation of the Church to all Nations - Elder Meloin J. Ballard 543

Subjection or Guidance... - Thomas C. Browning 546

A Petition. Poem May E. UlUe 546The "Mormon"Missionary--....- - - Elder B. H. Roberts 547

The Missionary Home LeRoi C. Snow 552The California Mission ------ - Prest. Joseph W. McMurrin 55 5

. - - -. Hetta D. Reid 558Farewell. A Poem

The Western States Mission - - Prest. John M. Knight 559

Make Her Dreams Come True. A Poem - Ida R. Alldredge 5 62

The Central States Mission - - Prest. Samuel O. Bennion 5 63

- - Prest. John H. Taylor 5 67The Northern States Mission

. - -. Roger Howey 5 70Their Testimony. A Poem

- - -. Prest. Charles H. Hart 5 7The Canadian Mission

A Rhapsody of Spring - - - Berneke Gibbs Anderson 573

The Southern States Mission - - Prest. Charles A. CalUs 574

. Pcest. Rey L. Pratt 57The Mexican Mission...

- - Prest. Henry H. Rolapp 5 82The Eastern States Mission

- - WHmer Bronson 584A Boy's Tribute to Mother. A Poem

- Prest. William R. Sloan 585The Northwestern States Mission

- Prest. John G. Allred 587THE Northcentral States Mission

A Prayer. A Poem Laura Hudson 589

- Sarah B. Moody 5 90The Home Aspect of ------Missionary Work

- - Edward L. Hancock 592Message of a Missionary. A Poem

- - Theodore E. Curtis 593Memories of Mother. A Poem

A Missionary Mobbing Weston N. Nordgren 594.... Irvin L. Warnock 598Destiny. A Poem...... -.. silas L. Cheney 599Compensation. A Story

- - - - 604Messages from the Missions. Illustrated

a Wonder Editor's Table—A Marvelous Work and Prest. Heber J. Grant 610

Priesthood Quorums - - - - - - - - 614 - - - - 618Mutual Work Farm WOODLOTS William Peterson 626 Passing Events....-- 627

Entered at the Post Office. Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance

for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, Act of October, 1917.

authorized on July 2, 19 IS.

Manuscripts submitted without the statement, "At usual rates,"are considered free contributions. Photographs, unless their return is especially requested, will be destroyed.

Published monthly at Salt Lake City; $2 per annum. Address: Room 406 Church

Office Building.

-IC

President HeberJ. Grant's tribute to his our modern missionary life. To be the prinmother, together with the many choice cipal figure in a "good"mobbing should

verses on the same theme, by local writers, provide sufficient thrills to meet the soin this issue, are expressive of the heartcalled fantastic demands of modern youth.

felt gratitude, reverence and praise of alIn "A Missionary Mobbing,"however, most all people, within and without the more than mere excitement and thrills were it resulted, also, in strongerChurch, for our mothers. Though to us produced;—

all, as in the words of a local writer of testimonies and increased faith, not only verse, "every day is Mother's Day,"and with the two victims, but with all who rightly so; yet, it is entirely becoming that have heard the story. Read the narrative,

we pause to recognize and hallow that by Weston N. Nordgren, beginning on

second Sunday in page 594 of this number.annual occasion—the

apart and sanctified, especially, "Compensation,"the story by Silas I..May—set

to the memory of Mother. She is a part Cheney (page 599), illustrates vividly the

of, and pertinent to, every theme and amfact, that unselfishness and sacrifice bring bition that affects the human life and their own reward; and in this case,—Oh.

heart: and is worthy of our best, most what a reward! It is often a long time

sacred thought and consideration. coming; but, in the providence of the

Missionary work of the Church in Lord, it comes, and is all the sweeter and

North America is the basic theme of this more appreciated by reason of the susnumber of the Era, and should have a pense. Be sure to read this story;—you'llChurchwide and a worldwide appeal;—like it.

to members of the Church because of their The home is not without a part in the direct interest and participation in missiongreat plan of missionary work in the ary work and their obligation to perChurch. Mother and every other member

form it; to the people of the world as an of the family at home, usually, must work,

example of wholehearted, unselfish service scheme, skimp, save, sacrifice, in order in the cause of humanity. "Obligation of that father, brother or sister be able to

the Church to All Nations."by Elder accept the call to fill a mission, and be

Melvin J. Ballard, and "The Mormon able also to remain in the field for the full

Missionary,"by Elder B. H. Roberts, time allotted. See page 590 for a recitacover the general phases of the theme, tion of some of these interesting "side

while the articles that follow, by Elder lights."in Sarah B. Moody's article,

LeRoi C. Snow and the various mission "The Home Aspect of Missionary Work."

presidents, bring out the detail of what Have you ever listened to the Prophet's we are actually accomplishing, in North Voice? Do you recall his inspiring words

America, in thisi "marvelous work and a and wise counsel? When we attend the

wonder."A careful reading of these general conferences of the Church, and

articles will put you in close touch with listen to the sermons of the various these missions of the Church, and will Authorities, the majority of us arc prone make you feel the spirit and joy of servto forget, all too soon, the content and ice possessed by the writers themselves. A importance of their message. To give

future number of the Era, in a like manEra readers an opportunity to read and ner, will treat the foreign missionary work meditate upon some of the remarks of of the Church, including that on the President Heber J. Grant at the last genislands of the sea. Don't you think it eral conference, April 6, we are publishshould be equally interesting? ing extracts from his opening address, as

Have you ever been mobbed? It must an editorial, in this number. This also

be a wonderful, most exciting experience! places his statements on permanent record

Mobbings were more or less common "in in the homes of the Saints and in many the early days;"but arc rarely a part of of the libraries of the world.

K--=9i5lU- =!@

a %

Tribute to Mother My

to me, My mother was both father and mother as father died when I was but nine days old.

So near to the Lord would she get in her prayers that they were a wonderful inspiration to me from childhood to manhood.

When she died, the Pacific Coast manager of the New York Life Insurance Company, who once boarded at our home, wrote me: "If the God of

nature ever did stamp peace, nobility and serenity upon any human countenance. He did upon the

"face of dear *Aunt Rachel.'

''To know 'Aunt Rachel,'"as mother was affectionately called, "was to love her,"is an expression I have heard times without number.

I do not recall ever seeing her angry, or hearing her speak an unkind word.

Mother was indeed a lovable character, always looking for the good in others and never for their

failings.

She was truly a noble woman, a true Latterday Saint.

I I

tn fs5iW President Heber J. Grant. Foremost Missionary in the Church, and

HIS Mother, Rachel Ivins Grant

Improvement Era

7Vol. XXXI MAY, 1928 No.

Obligation of the Church to all Nations

By Elder Melvin J. Ballard, of the Council of the

Twelve, and Assistant General Superintendent

Y. M. M. I. A.

the opening of this gospel dispensation came a realizaWITHtion of that promise made by John while on the Isle of

Patmos, that in the latter days the gospel should be restored to the earth by the coming of another angel. That the true purpose of its restoration might be accomplished, it should be preached,

John announced, to every nation, kindred, tongue and people. Consequently, this became, at once, the first great obligation placed upon

the Church. All of its leaders, from the days of the Prophet Joseph

to the present time, have recognized its importance, and the Church has spent more in time and means to fulfil this obligation than all its others combined.

missionaries into We have sent approximately sixty thousand this service since the organization of the Church. When we compute

the cost of sending them to their fields of labor, maintaining them while there, with a reasonable allowance for the value of their services, and the cost of returning them home, it amounts to more than two hundred millions of dollars. There are also to be considered the precious lives, beyond all earthly price, that many of

these missionaries have given. Add to this the sacrifice and devotion

of the wives and mothers who, in many instances, have taken upon themselves a man's task, and have spent many years of loneliness, and you will recognize a contribution, in loving service to fellowman, the like of which no other people have ever offered.

Our desire is to be obedient unto the Lord, and to please him.

At the same time, we are prompted to render this service out of the love we bear for our fellowmen. I had a distinct impression concerning the Lord's feelings toward the children of men, while serving as

president of the Northwestern States mission. I was attending a

conference in Salt Lake City, when the father of a wayward, careless boy requested an interview with me. The boy had violated, not

544 IMPROVEMENT ERA

only his promises to his father, but had broken the law of the land and had become a fugitive from was somewhere justice;—he

in Canada. This father told of the love he still had for the boy,

notwithstanding all the sorrow the son had caused: but was unable

xo search for him. Out of that love he had for his precious boy.

he pleaded with me to seek him. While I listened to the pleading of

this man. I seemed to hear the plea of another Father, the Father

of us all, whose ch':ldren, though he does not come to them, are prec

ious to him; and he is imploring every man who holds the Priesthood,

and every woman, too, who is a member of the Church, to seek to win these precious sons and daughters away from the pitfalls of the evil one, and to preserve them unto salvation in his kingdom.

The following extracts from the first section of the Doctrine and Covenants portray the spirit and the attitude of the Father towards his children. He makes it known that he realizes their

danger and is anxious for them; as any true and loving father is

mpellcd to warn his children and offer them the means of escape before it is too late.

"Wherefore I the Lord, knowing the calamity which should come upon the inhabitants of the earth, called upon my servant Joseph Smith, Jun., and spake unto

him from heaven, and gave him commandments;

"And also gave commandments to others, that they should proclaim these things unto the world; and all this that it might be fulfilled, which was written by the

p ophcts; * * *

"That mine everlasting covenant might be established;

"That the fulness of m'y gospel might be proclaimed by the weak and the simple unto the ends of the world, and before kings and rulers."

"For they have strayed from mine ordinances, and have broken mine everlasting covenant: "They seek not the Lord to establish his righteousness, but every man walketh in his own way, and after the image of his own God, whose image is in the likeness of the world, and whose substance is that of an idol, which waxeth old and shall perish in Babylon, even Babylon the great, which shall fall."

"Wherefore the voice of the Lord is unto the ends of the earth, that all that will hear may hear:

"Prepare ye, prepare ye for that which is to come, for the Lord is nigh: * * *

I the Lord am "And again, verily I say unto you, O inhabitants of the earth, willing to make these things known unto all flesh;

"For I am no respecter of persons, and will that all men shall know that the day speedily cometh; the hour is not 'yet, but is nigh at hand, when peace shall be taken

from the earth, and the devil shall have power over his own dominion.

"And also the Lord shall have power over his saints, and shall reign in their midst, and shall come down in judgment upon Idumea, or the world."

The means of escape is here clearly set forth as the new and everlasting covenant, the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ.

Now the Latterday Saints do not have forever to perform

OBLIGATION OF THE CHURCH 545

this work. In section 45, it is clearly set forth that the beginning

of the times of the Gentiles would commence with the dawn of this dispensation, and that this generation should not pass away until the times of the Gentiles be fulfilled. Therefore, we are fast approaching the concluding period of the times of the Gentiles, the

time assigned to us to go to the Gentile nations and gather out the blood of Israel, one of a family and two of a city, that may be found in these nations; and then to extend to every man and woman the

invitation to come in and be partakers of that safety and protection which the Lord has provided for men, in time and in eternity, through accepting the everlasting gospel. If we were going down

the street at night and saw a house on fire, and knew that within were men, women and children, ignorant of their peril and danger, what would the natural action be? If there was any milk of

human kindness in our hearts, we would endeavor to rouse them to the seriousness of their situation and, by every power possible, assist them to escape. Though they heeded not our warning, nevertheless, we who knew the danger would, with all our might, mindand strength, endeavor to rescue them;—-and we would do this

to save their bodies. Will we not do more to save both men's

bodies and spirits? No generation of men and women have ever

had a more serious obligation upon them than the members of this let the whole world know that God has spoken Church;—to

in this hour of warning, and has offered the means of escape for all his children. It is an obligation that rests upon, not only the

man who has a son or daughter whom he sends into the mission field, but upon every man and woman. These missionaries are the

representatives of the ward. It is an obligation upon the members of

the ward to see that their representatives are in the field; and it would

be a matter of reproach upon any ward who would allow a missionary to come home because the finances of his parents, had been exhausted. In each ward there should be created a missionary fund,

by contributions at missionary farewell parties, and by the separate contributions of those who may never be able to go upon missions, that would be sufficient to send each missionary to his field of labor.

That would help greatly and make it possible for many who cannot now go to enter the mission field. I believe that the great inventions

of modern days, that have increased our facilities of travel, have given us the opportunity to broadcast the message through radio and other means of communication, and portray it in motion pictures, have been brought into the world chiefly to enable the Latterday Saints to discharge this great obligation to the nations of the earth. And if all the members of the Church would pay their honest

tithing, sufficient means would be provided that these facilities 546 IMPROVEMENT ERA

could be more fully utilized by the Church, and thus reach millions where we are now reaching only thousands.

May the Lord speed that glorious day, and continue to send his message forward by the faithful, devoted help of the members of the Church, so that no soul may be ignorant of the dangers that arc before us, or be denied the privilege of that protection and safety which the Lord has offered to all his children; and thus, having

done our duty, we shall stand acquitted, and our skirts be clear of the blood of this generation.

Subjection or Guidance

"What was it then except the trustworthy direction of the Church leaders, and the trust of their followers which made the 'Mormons'successful in all their undertakings? ***!(.as a community of equality, whose members, trusting in

their leaders, united to form a system of mutual aid in which the motto, 'Live and let live,'was replaced by 'Live and help to live.'

"One cannot but grant that the 'Mormon'leaders held especially high moral standards. They never misused their office, nor did they ever use it against the interest

of the people. * * * 'Yhe success of the 'Mormons'was due to business

ability and the moral sincerity of their leaders. Into their hands the Saints had

given their entire rights."Dr. Rolf Jungeblut, at University of Frankfort, Germany,

1925. (From thesis on "The 'Mormon'System of Government;"translated by Thomas

C. Browning, Ogden, Utah.)

A Petition O Lord, we pray, bless all thy sons

Who on the platform stand, And have to preach, exhort and teach

The people of the land.

Bless all thy sons and daughters, too.

Give them retentive mind That in the treasure house of thought

They'll inspiration find.

Send each a guardian angel, Lord,

To stand beside him there;

And open wide the gates of thought

In sermon, song and prayer.

We need thee so, we need thee so,

Each hour of every day.

Oh. from our humble plea for help

Turn not thine car away!

May E. Lillie

The ''Mormon"Missionary

By Elder B. H. Roberts, of the First Council of Seventy,

AND Former President of the Eastern States Mission

"Mormon"missionary is THEborn of the system, or religion, known as "Mormonism."It

purports to be a new dispensation of—-thean old everlastingfaith: the gospelgospel.of ThereJesus Christis but

one, and that the covenant "of eternal life, which God, that cannot lie, promised before the world began."(Titus

1:2.) And should another gospel be

preached, even by an angel, it would stand condemned by apostolic anathema. (Gal. 1:8.) Hence, "Mormonism"could not be other than a

new dispensation of the old faith if it was to have any standing as a religion.

To make the claim of a new gospel, other than the gospel of Jesus Christ, would be to carry within itself an element that is selfdestructive. No.

"Mormonism"claims to be the gospel of Jesus everlasting gosChrist—the

pel, which St. John, on Patmos, saw

would be restored to earth, by an angel of God, in the last "the hour of his judgment."(Rev. days—in

14:6-7.) It should be noted that the angel would come, "having the

everlasting gospel to preach to them that dwell upon the earth;"

not that the angel himself would preach it. He was to bring it to

the earth, others were to preach it, presumably those who should first receive it from the angel's ministration, and those who should rise with the system, increasing in numbers with its growth, and strengthening with its strength. These would become the witnesses

of its truth, the advocates of its doctrines, for so God proceeds with the introduction of his message when he would send one to the world.

So he proceeded when, in the Meridian dispensation, he would bring in the Christ and his redemptive work in behalf of the human race.

As forerunner, he sent forth the witness, John the Baptist, to testify:;48 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of the coming of the Christ, "the Light"—"the Light of the world."

He "came for a witness, to bear witness of the Light, that all men through him might believe. He was not that Light, but was sent

to bear witness of that Light."(St. John 1:6-8.) So Jesus, when

he came, added to the testimony of John by saying, in his conversation with Nicodemus, "We speak that we do know, and testify that we have seen; and ye receive not our witness."(St. John

3:11.) Later, and near the close of his earthmission, the Christ

declared: "To this end was I born, and for this cause came I into

the world, that I should bear witness unto the truth. Every one

ihat is of the truth heareth my voice."(St. John 18:37.) He

organized his system for the promulgation of his message in that day by a coordination of witnesses. The Twelve Apostles were

chosen with this end in view (see St. Math. 10); so, too, were

the Seventy, whom he chose and sent out "two and two before his face into every city and place, wither he himself would come."(St.

Luke 10:1.) Comparison of the calling of the Twelve and the

Seventy in the chapters cited will show that the calling and authority of these two bodies in the Church were very similar.

After the resurrection of the Master, and when about to depart from his beloved disciples, including the Apostles, he said to them, answering their question if he would at that time restore the kingdom unto Israel: "It is not for you to know the times or the

seasons, which the Father hath put in his own power. But ye

shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you:

and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Judea.

and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the earth."(Acts

1:7-8.) This idea of the Apostles and of the whole Church carrying the message of God to the world, as witnesses of its truth, permeates all the Christian documents. It is so in relation to the tremendous outflow of mission spirit on the pentecostal day, following the resur1rection. "This Jesus,"said Peter in his discourse, "hath God raise

( Acts 2:32. )up, [i. e., from the dead] whereof we all are witnesses."

"Ye [the Jews] denied the Holy One, * * * ij killed the

Prince of life, whom God hath raised from the dead: whereof we

are witnesses."(Acts 3:15.) "Him [the Christ] hath God exalted

with his right hand to be a Prince and a Savior, for to give repentance to Israel, and forgiveness of sins. And we are his witnesses

of these things: and so is also the Holy Ghost, whom God hath given

to them that obey him."(Acts 5:31. 32.) Again said St. Peter:

"God anointed Jesus of Nazareth with the Holy Ghost and with power: * * * And we are witnesses of all things which he

did both in the land of the Jews, and in Jerusalem; whom they slew

THE MORMON"MISSIONARY 549

and hanged on a tree: Him God raised up on the third day, and

shewed him openly; not to all the people, but unto witnesses chosen

before of God, even to us, who did eat and drink with him after he rose from the dead. And he commanded us to preach unto the

people, and to testify that it is he which was ordained of God to be the judge of quick and dead. To him give all the prophets

witness."(Acts 10:3843.)

So proceeded forth the work of God in those days from these witnesses.

In similar manner has the work of God come forth in the dispensation of the Fulness of Times. God raised up unto himself a witness in the person of Joseph Smith, the prophet, and revealed himself and his Son Jesus Christ unto him in the full light

of an allglorious day, making known the reality of the existence of God, the kind of a being he is, the fallenaway status of the world with respect to their knowledge of God and the religion of

Jesus Christ; also he declared his purpose to rebuild the fabric of his

Church again in the earth, for the last time, and the Fulness of Times.

This revelation was supplemented by the revelation of, and the bringing forth of, the Book of Mormon, by which a veritable cloud of new witnesses was brought forth to testify of the same truths as found in the Old and New Testaments, which, in the aggregate, make up the gospel of Jesus Christ, especially certifying to the resurrection of Jesus, and of all men; also setting forth the gospel as the

power of God unto salvation. To the truth of this new volume

of scripture God raised up three special witnesses, besides the first, lo whom was shown the original plates of the record by the power of God; to whom also God testified of the truth, and commanded

them to witness it unto the world. Later also God commanded

these three witnesses to search for and find other witnesses among the believing disciples of the new dispensation, even twelve, to become the Twelve Apostles of the new age of dawning faith, that they might be sent into all the world with the great message of the fulness of the gospel restored. And this was done.

Since the new dispensation was to be preached in all the world,however,—"to every nation, tongue and is quite evipeople,"—it

dent that the One, the Three and the Twelve Witnesses will not be adequate to the work of bearing witness to what had been brought forth of God in the new age; at least, not with sufficient rapidity to

answer the purposes of God in consummating his great work of restoring all things which had been "spoken by the mouth of all his holy prophets since the world began."(Acts 3:1921. ) Hence, a

greater number of special witnesses were called, to be organized into groups of seventy, with seven presidents to preside over each group of 550 IMPROVEMENT ERA

seventy, and the seven presidents of the first group to be the presidents of all these groups, however numerous they might become; though

they be increased to seven groups, or seventy times seventy (Doc. and

Gov. Sec. 107), or until they number one hundred and forty and four

thousand seventies, if the work of the ministry requires it. (See His

lory of the Church, Vol. II, p. 22 1 and notes. ) That is the only limit

fixed for the number of these groups of requirements witnesses—the

of the work of the ministry in all the world. But besides these arrangements for special witnesses of the work of God, all who receive

any measure of the power of God through having his Priesthood conferred upon the high priests and the elders, organized them—certainly

into quorums as standing ministers in the stakes of such Zion—have

right and power. So also the quorums of the lesser priesthood may

teach the truth, bear witness of it, and persuade all men to come unto Ghrist. (Doc. and Gov. Sec. 20:2859.) This is the privilege also even of the membership of the Ghurch (Doc. and Gov.

Sec. 88:81); but, of course, all things must be done in order; and

the various ordinances of the gospel may be administered only by the respectively designated officers in the organized priesthood of the Ghurch, as therein provided. Here I am merely pointing

out the broad base from which the "Mormon"missionary rises.

He is born of the system of truth for the promulgation of which he labors. The Ghurch has had deposited with it, through the

revelations of God, the truth and the fulness thereof. It knows

the truth necessary to be received of men; the ordinances essential to

salvation; and has both authority to act, and commission to proceed with the evangelizing of the world with its message from God.

A dispensation of the gospel has been committed unto the Ghurch;

and wo! be to the Ghurch, if it preach not the gospel! Hence the

"Mormon"missionary, with his enthusiasm, his zeal, his earnestness, his selfsacrifice of time and means and family association that he might carry this message of a restored gospel to the world, prompted thereto by a love of fellowmen, and a sense of gratitude and of duty towards God.

And now that we have him in God's picture of things, a word as to his essential qualifications. These were made known early in

the opening of the new dispensation. The prophet's own father

would know what was to be his part and lot in the forthcoming work; and so came inquiring of the prophet. Several others inquired about the same time, which brought forth the answer:

"Behold, a marvelous work is about to come forth to the children of men; therefore, O ye that embark in the service of God, see to it that ye serve him with all your

heart, might, mind and strength, * * * If ye have desire to serve God, ye are called to the work, * * * anj faith, hope, * * * and love, with an eye

THE "MORMON"MISSIONARY 551

single to the glory of God, qualify * * * for the work. Remember faith,

virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, brotherly kindness, godliness, charity, humility, diligence."(Doc. and Gov., Sec. 4:1-6.)

Behold what shining qualities are here! Qualities that make

for general uprightness, for completeness! For emcharacter—for

phasis, and for visualizing them at a glance, let us tabulate them:

1. Whole Heartedness. 8. Knowledge.

2. Desire to Serve. 9. Temperance.

3. Faith. 10. Patience.

4. Hope. 11. Brotherly Kindness

5. Charity. 12. Godliness.

6. Singleness of Purpose. 13. Humility.

7, Virtue. 14. Diligence.

all! Not only What a list of virtues! Who hath these hath

the essentials of a "Mormon"missionary, but the essentials of a life that must be of God's life pitched on thelife,—a making,—a

highest and most sublime key. The Christ said to his Nephite

Twelve, after defining for them their powers and duties: "What

manner of men ought ye to be? Verily I say unto you, even as I

am!"This would parallel and justify the virtues here listed as

essential qualifications of those who would engage in the work of the Lord.

Is the ideal too lofty? The perfection unattainable for mortal

man? One is tempted to think so; and, yet, the ideal must be set

forth. Nothing short of it will truly represent God's thought, God's

it; and, in the strivingideal. Men must know that, and strive for

for it, hold in thought that He who commends patience will also be patient with our striving, so long as we do strive; and He who

commends mercy to us, will also be merciful as well as just.

Meantime, it is for the man of God, the "Mormon"missionary, seeking out of love to carry the gospel to his fellowmen, to carry the vision of God's perfections in his heart, and so live by them and in them that his labors will be wrought in the spirit of the things here set down. In the revelations given in the early days of the new

dispensation, God assured one, and through him all, that "the worth of souls is great in the sight of God; * * * anj j-jow great

is his joy in the oul that repenteth. * * * js [f [ 5q I-,

that you should labor all your days in crying repentance, * * * and bring, save it be one soul unto me [the Lord Jesus], how great shall be your joy with him in the kingdom of my Father!"(Doc.

and Gov. Sec. 18:1015.)

Is not the labor of a "Mormon"missionary splendid? Workers

together are they with the Christ for the salvation of souls!

The Missionary Home

By Elder LeRoi C. Snow

all who arc PRACTICALLY called to represent the Church as missionaries come first to Salt

Lake City. Here they receive instruction, go through the temple, are set

apart by members of the Council of the

Twelve or the First Council of Seventy, arrange for transportation and leave in groups for their mission headquarters. This policy has been followed

for many years.

The original purpose of the Missionary Home in Salt Lake City was to be a place for outgoing missionaries to stay during the two or three days required for this preparation. The Home

has since developed into a two weeks'preparatory school of intensive teaching and training, for the benefit of all missionaries.

For a number of years, Bishop David A. Smith had recommended the

establishment of such a home for missionaries. Approval by the First Presidency was g'vcn in May, 1924. The following month, the writer

was appointed to be in charge of the Home, under the direction of a supervisory committee, which was soon afterwards named: Bishop

David A. Smith, chairman, Axel A. Madsen and Harold G. Reynolds. The residence at 3 1 North State street was selected and

extensive alterations and additions made, requiring nearly eight months to complete. In the meantime, the Supervisory Committee

was reorganized thus: Elder David O. McKay, who had just returned

home after presiding over the European mission, chairman. President

Rulon S. Wells and Bishop David A. Smith.

President Heber J. Grant dedicated the Home February 3, 1925.

arrived, and the classOn March 4. the first group of missionaries

work began the next day, with five elders, continuing for one week.

January, 1926, the course was increased to a period of two weeks.

THE MISSIONARY HOME 553

During the two weeks, seventyone classes are held, beginning with devotion each morning at 7 o'clock. These classes are conducted by more than thirty instructors, among whom are a number

of the Church Authorities. The work covers instruction in the

gospel, Church organization, the standard Church works, English and foreign languages, singing, genealogy, priesthood and auxiliary work, personal health and hygiene, gymnasium exercises and swimming, table etiquette and manners. By courtesy of the Salt Lake

Transportation Company, the missionaries are taken on a sightseeing trip around the city. They attend the organ recital at the

tabernacle, after which they join the party of tourists in a visit of the Bureau of Information, the museum and the buildings and grounds in the temple block, and listen to Elder Joseph S. Perry's

splendid lecture to the tourists.

In addition to the class instruction, the missionaries are trained, during their stay in the Home, in proper association, dignified conduct, personal appearance, dress, cleanliness and neatness, order, punctuality and are urged to eliminate from their lives all "light mindedness, loud laughter."etc.

We try to have them apply these teachings in their lives because they know it is the right thing to do, not because they are compelled to do it. Their acceptance of the call is voluntary—not

compulsory. We want them to accept the training at the Home entirely in this same spirit.

The great majority who report at the Home are earnest and sincere and filled with a desire to do their very best. They adjust

themselves readily to the program and requirements of the Home and profit rnuch from the classes. Many have been active in Church

service in their wards and stakes, have a college education and are prepared to represent the Church in a dignified, creditable and able manner. We all might well be proud of this army of devoted and

faithful messengers of truth.

The information which the missionaries receive in the classes is very important, and they are greatly improved by the training in proper conduct. I believe, however, that the greatest good accomplished by the Home is in helping them obtain the missionary

spirit. This most of them do. The degree to which they obtain

this missionary spirit depends largely upon the attitude of the individual missionary himself. The three visits to the House of the

Lord, the close contact in classes with so many leading men and women (Elder David O. McKay, Elder Melvin J. Ballard, President

Rulon S. Wells, President Levi Edgar Young, Bishop David A.

Smith and others), concentrating their minds and interest for two weeks upon the work of the Lord, their blessings by the patriarch 554 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and those who set them apart, their secret and devotional prayers, expressing themselves before their these experiences associates,—all

result in increased faith and strengthened testimonies in God's great latterday work.

Many, during their stay at the Home, perhaps in the temple, or during their visit on the temple block, or in some of the classes, have been thrilled as never before in their lives. Their hearts have

been touched, their understandings opened, and God has given them a testimony of the divinity of his work. When this spirit and

understanding come upon them, they want to tell of their happiness and can hardly wait for the opportunity to preach the gospel and to bear witness of its truth. This is the missionary spirit and most

of the elders and sisters who report at the Home receive it before they leave. Though they may be serious and feel their responsibility

on arrival, the work at the Home makes them realize this responsibility much more.

Until the spring of 1927, many of the classes were held in the the L. D. S. high school and in the Bishop's building.Y building of

Another building, just north iof the Home, was then added to give additional sleeping rooms and a fine class room. We can now

accommodate sixty elders and twenty women missionaries. There

are, frequently, groups of this size. The smallest group this year,

fortyone, has just left the Home.

Since the work began, nearly three thousand young men and women have passed through the Home on their way to the mission field. These representatives of the Church are the cleanest, sweetest

and finest young people in all the world. They are young, their

average age being less than twentyone years. There are more than

two thousand of them now out in the world. They have the sacred

and tremendous responsibility of "preaching the gospel to every kindred, tongue and people."The greatest joy that Sister Snow

and I have felt in our labors at the Home has been our acquaintance and association with these thousands of splendid boys and girls, winning their confidence and helping to make them happy in their will last through life.work. We have made friendships which

About a thousand have completed successful missions, and have returned happy and satisfied. It has been a great pleasure to welcome

them back. This is another purpose of the Home, where returning

missionaries may stay a few days and mingle with those who are preparing to leave.

thus far The great good accomplished by the Missionary Home itsis but a beginning. Its effectiveness will continue to grow and

fine influence will be felt more and more, both in the mission field and here at home.

The California Mission By President Joseph W. McMurrin

I HE California mission comprises, not only the state from which T it takes its name, but also the immediately adjoining states of Arizona and Nevada. It is rather singular

that within this same territory there are also nine fully organized stakes of

Zion, each, in its particular locality, exercising joint jurisdiction with the mission. In this regard the California

mission is quite unique, as, doubtless, no similar situation exists elsewhere in the Church. But, notwithstanding

this novel introduction in Church procedure, it is both interesting and instructive to observe the success with which it operates. Each of these ecclesiastical and stake units—mission

performs its separate and particular work, one supplementing the other, with advantages accruing to both. Indeed, this direct contact between mission and stake in rendering common

service in the same field, each ever conscious and respectful of the authority and responsibilities of the other, furnishes a splendid example of cooperation in religious activities and conduces to good fellowship and spiritual development generally.

Moreover, regardless of the fact that the stakes'combined area constitutes but a fractional part of the mission territory, and thai the great majority of missionaries are far removed from the nearest stake, this overlapping of stake and mission jurisdiction affords the nearby missionaries unusual opportunities to participate in auxiliary organizations and various meetings, including priesthood and sacramental, of both stake and mission. While, unquestionably, the work

of the traveling elders and sisters is primarily to carry the gospel message to the stranger and nonmember, this can and must be done as well within as beyond the boundaries of the organized stakes of 556 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Zion. Accordingly, with the approval and by special invitation

of the several stake presidencies, missionaries are laboring in seven of the nine stakes that lie within the California mission.

if the notdistant future witnesses Nor would it be surprising a still further increase in the number of stakes within the present confines of the mission; for it is only very recent history that

approximately twelve thousand Latterday Saints, formerly enrolled on the records of the mission, were organized into three stakes of

Zion within the state of California alone; namely, Los Angeles and

Hollywood in the south, and San Francisco in the north. This expansion of stake organizations into mission territory is without

precedent and marks a new and important step in Church development.

However, the work of the California mission advances apace;

and, although this recent creation of three comparatively large stakes necessitated the transfer of considerable property and thousands of members from the records of the mission; yet, this loss is already partly offset, as there were organized within the mission during the

calendar year just past more branches and auxiliaries than in any year preceding. The following named branches of the Church,

numbering fourteen in all, were added to the California mission during the past year. Sutter, Homestead and Roseville, in the Sacramento district; San Luis Obispo, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Compton

and Baldwin Park, in xhe Los Angeles district; Logan Heights, Lincoln Acres and East San Diego, in the San Diego district; Taft and

Merced, in the Fresno district; and Hayward, in the San Francisco

district. At present the mission has 54 branches, 71 Sunday Schools,

46 Relief Societies, 62 Mutual Improvement Associations, 40 Primaries, and an enrolled membership of approximately 9,000 souls.

In the matter of chapels and other Church buildings, the Caliin the fornia mission is both fortunate and progressive—fortunate

it from ready cooperation and liberal financial assistance received by the First Presidency of the Church, and progressive in the universal desire of its people to be adequately housed and their substantial contributions toward the attainment of that desire. During the past

year, the mission was authorized by the iFirst Presidency to develop and perfect the following extensive building program, which contemplates the expenditure of about $150,000.00; the erection of

chapels at Elko, Winnemucca and Susanville, in the Nevada district;

the erection of chapels at Prescott and Binghamton, and the enlargement and remodeling of the present chapel at Ray, in the Arizona district; the erection of a chapel at Palo Alto, in the San Jose district;

the erection of a chapel at Fresno and an amusement hall at Modesto, in the Fresno district; and the purchase of a chapel at East San Diego,

THE CALIFORNIA MISSION 557

in the San Diego district. During recent years, more than twenty

modest, but comfortable, chapels have been erected or purchased in various parts of the mission; and this property of the Church, together with the building projects now under way and to be completed

during the current year, represents an aggregate value of about $450,000.00.

Moreover, in other fields of activity, the record of the California mission is no less gratifying. In the number of baptisms and

the general sale and distribution of literature, the year just ended was the most successful in the history of the mission. Special attention was given to placing the Book of Mormon in the homes of

friends, strangers and Church members alike, in reverent commemoration of the one hundredth anniversary of the angel, Moroni's, delivery, to Joseph Smith, of the golden plates from which this modern volume of scripture was translated. The following figures,

compiled from mission records, disclose the mass of printed matter that was distributed by the missionaries during the year: 16,000

copies of the Book of Mormon, of which number 10,000 copies were sold, and 6,000 copies loaned and given away; 1287 other standard works of the Church; 24,367 other books; 367,290 pamphlets;

and 570,515 tracts. There were 597 persons baptized, of whom

331 were converts.

The California mission, like all similar organizations of the

Church, has constant need for more workers than are available.

Latterday Saint Chapel in Douglas, Arizona. California Mission

558 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Everywhere opportunities are abundant for those willing to labor, as the plea for additional help is quite universal. Nor can any

greater honor come to a home than a call to one or more of its members to represent the work of the Lord among the nations of the world as duly accredited preachers and teachers of this gospel.

Prospective missionaries of the Church will insure the presence and aid of the Spirit of God and qualify themselves for their important labors by faith in divine promises, prayerful study, simplicity of speech, earnestness of manner, humility of spirit, and love unfeigned for the human family. These characteristics, rather than

the wisdom of man, are essential to the success of the traveling ministry. Faithful missionaries the world over learn by the companionship of the Holy Ghost that they minister, not in their own

strength, but by the power of God; and, as this assurance increases

in their souls, confidence conquers fear, testimonies grow in spiritual fervor, and men and women, perhaps at first timid and inexperienced,,witness in their own personal development the fulfilment of God's promise to magnify his servants before the world. Eligible

members throughout the Church, who conscientiously prepare themselves for the mission field, will, in due time, join with thousands of fellowmissionaries in the solemn declaration that in the service of the Master there is joy that passeth all understanding.

Los Angeles, California

Farewell (Tune: "Let The Lower Lights Be Burning.")

From afar came voices calling,

Pleading, send an elder here;

So from out our midst was chosen

One whom we all held most dear.

Chorus Farewell! Elder, peace be with you,

Far from us you're called to go,

But we know our Gospel calls you,

For the Lord has willed it so.

Many humble hearts will welcome

You into their dreary life;

You will find staunch friends to help you,

When you're met by toil and strife.

When you raise the Gospel standard,

They will join your glad refrain;

And, then, when your work is finished,

We will welcome you again.

Panguitch. Utah ILETTA D. REID

The Western States Mission

By President John M. Knight

"N many respects, 1927 was the best year in the history of the r Western States mission. Greater

opportunities to present the gospel message to the people were afforded the missionaries than ever before. An increased desire for something real and

tangible in the religious world caused many thinking people to turn to a friendly investigation of "Mormonism."Invitations to speak before civic

organizations and literary clubs were received and accepted. Churches were

opened to some of the missionaries, where gospel truths were discussed in an academic and constructive spirit and favorable comment was brought forth from the hearers. In July, an invitation was extended to the writer, by the

dean of the Iliff School of Theology, to present the "Mormon Question"before a convention of seventyfive

Methodist ministers from the Colorado diocese. Thirty minutes were assigned

the speaker: ten minutes to discuss early Church history, ten

minutes for explanation of fundamental doctrines, and ten minutes to tell of the aim and purpose of our Church in the world. The speaker was accorded every courtesy and was

permitted to speak twenty minutes longer than the time allotted. Twenty minutes more were used in asking and answering question. At the close of the service the Moderator said,

"I am sorry we do not have at our disposal another hour, that we might hear more about this wonderful religion."

An interesting development of missionary work is the organization of Sunday Schools, Mutuals and Primary Associations, in various parts of the mission. The membership of these is largely

non- "Mormon."These agencies have been potent factors in allaying prejudice and bringing converts into the Church. Through the

560 IMPROVEMENT ERA

splendid service of the missionaries and the valuable assistance of the local priesthood and Saints, four hundred fiftyeight baptisms were performed during the year, an average of four and onehalf for each missionary in the field.

An evidence of the interest in some quarters was seen at the

April conference, held at Omaha, when four missionaries laboring in that district reported one hundred six families of investigators in the one city. Since then, forty converts have been baptized, with

prospects of many more in the immediate future. I quote from one

letter out of many received at the mission office during the past year:

Latterday Saint Chapel in Denver, Colorado, Western States Mission

"I am glad to inform you that my wife and I have had the pleasure of forming the acquaintance of two of your fine men on Church duty in this city. Their friendly

visits and conversations at our home have brought sunshine to my wife, whose health has been far from good the past eighteen months. Some four or five weeks ago she

contracted infection in her right hand, which required a severe lancing as an outlet for the pus which had formed. Shortly after this, the next day, our good friends were at

our home and offered a prayer in her behalf. Immediately after, her pain subsided

and at this writing her hand is normal. This, Mr. Knight, is my motive in fcvrwarding

this communication to you. Wc arc glad to claim the acquaintance of two of God's

noblemen. Our home is open to them at any time as well as to any others of your faith."

THE WESTERN STATES MISSION 561

This letter was written by a prominent doctor of Council

Bluffs, Iowa.

It should be stated that a great deal of the progress made by the mission in 1927 is due to the excellent work of the shortterm missionaries. These men and women have been able, through their

greater age and experience, to reach people heretofore unapproachable and to arouse interest through their dignity and their closer acquaintanceship with the history and doctrines of the Church. This is

said without disparagement of the splendid work that has been done by the younger laborers. As a stabilizing force in the field,

and especially among the better educated and more socially prominent people, the labors of the shortterm missionaries have been of incalculable value.

With the splendid assistance of the General Authorities of the

Church, the mission has been able, in 1927, to show appropriate material progress. There was acquired, by purchase, a chapel at

Council Bluffs, Iowa, and we now have a fully organized branch in that city, with all the auxiliary organizations functioning as in a regular ward. At Alamosa, Colorado, we built an addition to

the chapel, at a cost of seven thousand dollars, furnishing classroom accommodations for all the auxiliary associations. A new chapel

and amusement hall has been built at Bluewater, New Mexico.

In conclusion, it may be appropriate to offer some helpful suggestions to prospective missionaries, which will be applicable to other missions as well. Our workers should be as well informed

as possible along the following lines: etiquette and social breeding,

courteous manners, table etiquette, dignity of bearing and approach, and graceful and gracious presence, befitting workers for God and humanity; a better use of English in speaking and writing, which

can best be cultivated by tudy and by imitation of fellowmission- aries who are better informed on these points. Though these elements cannot take the place of the inspiration of the Lord, they

can and will help mightily in making that inspiration more effective, especially among the refined and educated. They should also strive

for a better and more direct knowledge of Scripture, especially the

Bible and the Book of Mormon. I am glad that in the missionary

course newly established in our Sunday Schools and Mutuals, a study of these books has been inaugurated, not only from the viewpoint of obtaining gospel texts, but also from the broad, general view of the origin, history, and construction of the Scriptures. Out

of my experience as a mission president, I strongly commend this study to all the men and women in the Church, and especially those who are likely to be called as missionaries. And in making quota562 IMPROVEMENT ERA

tions from the Scriptures, we should quote from the book itself, not from a commentary.

It goes without saying that the ability and capacity of thoughtfully, prayerfully, and logically studying and analyzing the principles of the gospel, and adapting scriptural texts to their proof and establishment, should be zealously cultivated. The use of

isolated paragraphs, without connection with their context, should be avoided. And if the mind of the missionary is filled with useful

knowledge regarding gospel principles, the Spirit of the Lord will draw on that store of information at the right time and in the right way. If one knows what to say in missionary work, the Lord

will tell him how to say it.

The Lord is wonderfully opening up the way for the earnest missionary in the Western States mission and elsewhere. The crying

need today is for a much larger supply than we now have of intelligent, faithful, prayerful emissaries who will live close to God, cultivate and retain the influence of the Holy Ghost, live the laws of health, study gospel principles, become better and more cheerful and friendly advocates of "Mormonism,"and cultivate the friendship and confidence of their newly acquired friends. For such as

these, the field of missionary work is vast in extent and opportunity;

and the example they set, of clean and wholesome living and faithfulness to a cause, will make their influence for good incalculable.

Denver, Colorado

Make Her Dreams Come True A little mother watches you, And prays both night and day That you, her son, may worthy prove.

And tread the narrow way.

She sees a picture of a man, So fine of form and face, Who plays a part in history.

And takes his rightful place.

Yes, one who loves his fellowmen,

And serves them all he can.

Who does his level best, you know.

Is, through and through, a man.

That picture is of you, her son;

In you she lives anew.

So be the man you ought to be.

And make her dreams come true.

Mesa. Arizona IDA R. ALLDREDGE

The Central States Mission By President Samuel O. Bennion

history of the Central States THEmission dates from the year 1855, when, at a general conference of the Church held in Salt Lake

City, five elders were called to the Indian Territory to labor among the

Cherokee and Creek Indians. They

worked diligently and successfully, baptizing a number and organizing several small branches of the Church.

They also met a number of brethren and sisters, former adherents of Lyman

Wight, who had drifted into Oklahoma, and before the end of the year 1855 a company of sixtyfive of these emigrated to the West.

In the spring of 1859, all the elders but one returned to Utah, being expelled from the Indian Territory by

Indian agents, on account of the

Johnston army trouble. From this

time, excepting the labors of two elders who were called into the field in 1877, little work was done until 1883, when

Apostle George Teasdale and Elder Matthew Dalton arrived in

Indian Territory as missionaries to the Cherokee nation, "to show them the records of their forefathers and make them acquainted with the promises of the Lord to them in the latter days."While there,

Elder Teasdale wrote and published several gospel tracts for circulation among the Indians, being assisted in the work by an Indian interpreter by the name of Eubanks.

Elder Andrew Kimball followed Elder Teasdale, in 1855, in the presidency of the mission, and remained in charge twelve years, when he was succeeded by Elder William T. Jack. The mission had

now developed into one of the largest fields in America, the states of

Kansas, Arkansas and Texas having been added to its territory, making an area of 351,000 square miles and a population of more than six million people. The headquarters were at St. John, Kansas.

On March 29, 1898, the name, "Indian Territory"mission was changed to "Southwestern States"mission. Many new branches

were established and Church buildings were erected. On January

564 IMPROVEMENT ERA

20, 1899, a monthly paper, Truth's Reflex, promoted and edited by President Jack, was published at St. John, Kansas; it was devoted

entirely to religious matters.

The first woman missionary in this field, and one of the first called by the Church, was Sister Belle T. Copening.

In May, 1900, Elder James G. Duffin was made president, and

in October of the same year the states of Missouri and Louisiana were added to the mission.

Before President Duffin left his field of labor, in 1906, two comfortable places of worship had been erected in the state of Kansas, two in Indian Territory, three in Texas, two in Louisiana and two in Arkansas. A Latterday Saint colony had also been established

at Kelsey, Upshur county, Texas, which, in 1906, had a population of about 400 souls. They owned a good meeting house, a school,

a saw mill and about 14,000 acres of land. Other Latterday Saint

colonies were located near Poynor, Henderson county, and near

Spurger, Tuler county, Texas. About 1000 members of the Church

'resided in the state of Texas alone.

In the year 1904, an important acquirement of property in

Independence, Missouri, was the purchase, by President Duffin, under the direction of President Joseph F. Smith, of about 25 acres

of land, part of which had belonged to the 65 acres originally purchased for the Church by Bishop Edward Partridge, in 1831, and which was known as the "Temple Property."On the highest part

of this property a spot was dedicated for the great temple which is to be built in Independence, Missouri.

On April 1 1, 1904, the "Southwestern States"mission became known as the "Central States"mission.

President James G. Duffin was succeeded, in October, 1906,

by the writer, with headquarters in Kansas City, Missouri. In

March of the following year, however, mission headquarters were moved to Independence, Missouri, where the Church, for the first time since the Saints were driven out in 1833, became officially located. In 1914, an excellent chapel was erected in Independence,

under the direction of the First Presidency, and a comfortable mission home was built in 1917. Church buildings have also been purchased, or built, in Kansas City and St. Louis, Missouri, and in other

cities, that the Saints may be provided with suitable places of worship.

is the Zion's An outstanding source of good in the mission

Printing and Publishing Company which was incorporated in the state of Missouri in 1907, under the direction of the first Presidency of the Church. At the present time, the missions of the United States

and some of the foreign missions are supplied with literature from this institution. An adequate building in which to house the

printing plant was erected, and the equipment is of the best.

566 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Central States mission, at present, comprises the states of

Kansas, Louisiana, Oklahoma, Arkansas, and Texas. There are

twelve districts, thirtythree branches, twentyone Church buildings, fiftyfive Sunday Schools, thirty Relief Societies, and fifteen

Mutual Improvement Associations. The membership of the mission

is about ten thousand.

During the presidency of the writer, more than 100,000 copies of the Book of Mormon have been sold by the missionaries, and many thousand copies have been loaned; and thousands of baptisms

have been performed. The year 1926 was one of the most fruitful.

During 1927, however, between five and six hundred baptisms were performed, more than eight thousand Books of Mormon and more than thirtysix thousand commentaries were sold, threequarters of a million tracts were distributed, and more than thirteen thousand meetings held. The average monthly expense of our missionaries

was $29.10.

One particular item of interest during the past year was the calling of twentyfive or thirty local shortterm missionaries to serve within the mission. Practically all of these were born and have

grown to manhood since the writer's appointment. They performed wonderful missions. Their faith is an indication of the

faith of their parents, and their activities in the mission field bring to mind very forcibly the words of the Savior: "By their fruits ye

shall know them."

This mission was blessed, in September, by a visit of President

Heber J. Grant, who dedicated Church buildings at Springfield, St.

Joseph, and Kansas City, Missouri. Public meetings were held at

each of these places and President Grant spoke with great power to the blessing of all who heard him.

During the month of November, Elder David O. McKay visited

the mission, and on that trip conferences were held at Little Rock,

New Orleans, Houston, Dallas, Kelsey, Enoch, Tulsa, Kansas City and St. Louis. The missionaries were greatly encouraged in their

work and the splendid sermons delivered by Brother McKay were an inspiration.

The elders have been well received. Many notable instances

of healing, through their ministrations have occurred, and their testiis an inspiration to allmony concerning the divinity of the gospel who may listen. No college training or other experience that man

can receive can equal that obtained in the mission field. The work

is felt. A wonderfulof God is growing; the power of the gospel

opportunity awaits young men and young women who go into the field and become better acquainted with the power of truth as revealed by the Lord to Joseph Smith, the Prophet.

Independence, MittouH The Northern States Mission By President John H. Taylor

YE into all the world and preach the gospel."Such was GO

the admonition to the disciples of old. The same instructions have

been given to us; and we have made

every effort possible, during these many years, to send out missionaries to impart a knowledge of the gospel to the nations of the earth.

It matters little where one may be called to go, as all missions are engaged in the same splendid work; but

it is important that each individual missionary be diligent and put forth his best effort, wherever he is, if his mission is to equal others in accomplishment, in love and unselfish service. The Northern States mission has

been blessed with this type of energetic missionary, through whose faithful devotion to the cause, thousands of people have heard and accepted the truths of the gospel.

It is gratifying also to see the attitude of the Saints towards the gospel and the diligence they manifest in the performance of their duties as members of the Church.

Sometimes, members get the idea that their responsibility ends when they are baptized and confirmed, and it is very encouraging when our Saints realize the necessity of showing the Lord, by the things they do, that they are grateful for the blessings they have received.

My confidence and testimony in the work have been greatly increased by the faithfulness of the scattered Saints throughout the Northern

States mission. Many of them have the privilege of meeting the

elders only once or twice a year, but they remain true to the covenants which they have made, and often express, in letters to the mission office, their gratefulness for membership in the Church and their appreciation for the blessings of the Lord. It is not so hard

to remain steadfast and energetic when one is surrounded by every568 IMPROVEMENT ERA

thing that is agreeable and pleasant; but it is a more difficult problem

under conditions that are unfavorable.

A large number of the students who are attending the different institutions of learning in Chicago, despite the demands of their school work, find time to come to our Sunday Schools and sacramental meetings. Their influence and help in our various auxiliaries

and other gatherings are both an incentive and a blessing to the members of the Church.

Through the kindness of the First Presidency, we have been able, during the past year, to build a mission office and a recreational hall at Logan Square, Chicago; also to erect a chapel in Indianapolis.

Plans are now under consideration in other branches for the gathering of money with which to build edifices for the worship and service of the Lord.

The mission work looks very promising at present, but we are always dependent upon the effort put forth by the individual missionaries in the field. Two outstanding words that we ever try to

remember are "work"and "humility."They fit rather closely together, and either one without the other can never attain its

maximum of power.

I firmly believe that our heavenly Father expects us to make the best use of our time and our talents; and that when missionaries

come into the field, they should be as well prepared as possible for the work they are to do. I am not a believer in the sentiment that is

often expressed, that the elder who has not been diligent or well trained at home is usually humble. I cannot see why taking advantage of opportunities should not place everyone in a more favorable

position before the Lord. I am certain that an elder who has taken

advantage of his opportunities is much better fitted to preach the gospel than one who has failed in this respect. This does not infer,

however, that every missionary will not be blessed and built up, according to his humility and sincere effort, when he arrives in the field, despite the opportunities he might have missed; but how much

better and easier it is for a missionary to go before the Lord when he knows that he has tried his best to prepare himself, and has taken advantage of school and Church auxiliary and priesthood work at home. 'Tis true, that men never succeed who rely entirely

upon their own strength, no matter how great their knowledge; but

the trained man ought to be more humble even than the untrained, for training and experience naturally teaches the necessity of gradually reaching out, day by day, and little by little, for the better things of life.

The development into a really efficient missionary comes from doing the things that are not easy to do. This gives strength of

THE NORTHERN STATES MISSION 569

character, determination and encouragement to go on. Each one has

certain talents that stand out prominently, and ought to be further developed by constant use; but each one also has talents that are

not noticeable at first, but which, when used and developed, often promote the most powerful influences in the lives of the missionaries.

Missionary life, in a way, is strenuous. The mission field is

not a play ground, not a health resort, not a place to rest, nor a place to go because of convenience of travel, etc. It is where you

have a chance to preach the word of the Lord and to meet people who are seeking to know the truth. You can be a 100% missionary

if you will; but you may also hold your percentage down to sixty,

or fifty, or at the failure point, if you like. The missionary has it

within his own power to set the standard to which he will attain;

but, to climb the mountain of success and reach the top, it takes work and humility, courage and determination. Once on the heights,

however, from the training and experience gained in the ascent, he is able to enjoy, to the full, the broad view of life, unperturbed by the little, selfish motives of men. It should never be a question

of how much the missionary is going to gain from his experience;

but, rather, how much is he able to do for the best mission,—how

can he serve the interests of God and humanity?

It is worth all the struggle and sacrifice one is called upon to make to finish a mission creditably before the Lord, and to come, home with an honorable release, with a strong testimony and a humble spirit. The development has been gradual, as in other kinds

of work; as in the schools of the world, the missionary advances

Logan Square Chapel, Chicago, Northern States Mission

At the right is the mission office and the mission home.

570 IMPROVEMENT ERA

from lesson to lesson, day by day, learning here a little and there a little, adding grace to grace and power to power. When he returns

home, he should have a keen desire to continue in the service of the

Lord, that there may be no retrogression, that his time spent in the field may not have been in vain. This is the kind of homecoming that causes the missionary to say, "It was the happiest time

of my because of passing pleasures, but because of the life;"—not

humility of spirit and close companionship with the Lord in rendering service to mankind.

Chicago, Illinois.

Their Testimony

"The fool hath said in his heart,

There is no God."(Psalm 14:1.)

The bird on the wing, so blithely doth sing

His song of thanksgiving and praise;

He testifies strong, through the medium of song,

God's goodness and wonderful ways.

The flower in bloom, in garden or room,

Its fragrance and beauty displays;

Sweet emblem of rest, you mutely attest

God's goodness and wonderful ways.

Ye mountains serene, and valleys so green,

Your grandeur its message conveys;

The book and the rill are murmuring still

God's goodness and wonderful ways.

Each season, in turn, should help us to learn

The wisdom revealed in its days;

In sunshine or rain, the elements proclaim

God's goodness and wonderful ways.

Ogden, Utah ROGER HOWEV The Canadian Mission

By President Charles H. Hart

is one of the earliest mission THIS fields of the Church. As nowconstituted, it embraces the

provinces of Ontario, Quebec, New

Brunswick and Nova Scotia, in the

Dominion of Canada, and the states of

Maine, New Hampshire and Vermont, in the United States.

Joseph Young, the first seventy called and ordained in this gospel dispensation, found his way into what was then known as "Upper Canada"as early as 1832, accompanied by

Phineas H. Young, Elial Strong and

Eleazer Miller. The Prophet Joseph

Smith himself was one of the noted missionaries of these early days. Other

men who afterwards became eminent in Church history, as Brigham Young,

Parley P. Pratt, Orson Pratt, Sidney

Rigdon, Orson Hyde, Wilford Woodruff, Lyman E. Johnson, John E.

Page, Thomas B. Marsh and William

E. McLellin, were among the early

missionaries to this land. Among the early converts were John

Taylor, who afterwards became President of the Church, Joseph

Fielding and his sister, Mary Fielding, who afterwards married the

Patriarch Hyrum Smith and became the mother of the late President

Joseph Fielding Smith.

The gospel was carried to Ernestown, Mount Pleasant, Brantford, Kingston, Hamilton, Toronto, Waterford, Colburn, Lyonston, and Loughboro in the early thirties. Some of the converts of these

cities were among the first missionaries sent to Great Britain. Heber

C. Kimball said, in 1836, that Parley P. Pratt, should go to Toronto

in "Upper Canada"(now Ontario), and there find a people prepared for the gospel. He said further, "Thou shalt organize the

Church among them, and it shall spread thence into the regions round about, and many shall be brought to a knowledge of the 572 IMPROVEMENT ERA

truth, and shall be filled with joy; and from the things growing

out of this mission shall the fulness of the gospel spread into England, and cause a great work to be done in that land."In fulfilment

of this prophecy, Parley P. Pratt went to Canada in 1836, and,

by divine guidance, was instrumental in finding John Taylor and bringing him into the Church; and thousands of others have likewise accepted the gospel. While England is the earliest of the

foreign missions, some of the converts of Canada were among those who first carried the gospel across the Atlantic.

The missionary activities continued in the territory now comprising the Canadian provinces herein named, from the year 1832 until after the migration to Utah. Each of the noted missionaries

mentioned had many "souls for his hire."From a single convert

in these early years, there are now thousands of energetic Saints helping to further the gospel cause.

While this part of Canada has seen missionary work during the succeeding decades, the Canadian mission, socalled, was not organized as a separate mission until the year 1919, when Elder

Nephi Jensen was appointed its president. He was succeeded, in

1923, by President Joseph E. Quinney, Jr., who, in turn, was succeeded, in March, 1927, by the writer.

During all the years of the missionary work in this field, the labors of the elders and of the sister missionaries have been characterized by spirituality and the blessings of the Lord. From the

year 1919 to the present time, the larger cities of the territory have heard the voice of these humble ministers of the Church proclaiming the restored gospel of the Master.

class of people inhabit these northern regions, A very desirable many of whom are of the Anglo Saxon races. Many choice converts have already joined our ranks and there are thousands of other

earnest souls awaiting the message of life and salvation.

In the centuries which have elapsed since the Master "spake as never man spake,"many of his teachings have become obscured or misunderstood. The restored gospel is a restatement of the principles taught by the Savior of the world and by his prophets. It is

now taught under the pressure of the divine declaration:

"Behold, the field is white already to harvest; therefore, whoso desireth to reap,

let him thrust in his sickle with his might, and reap while the day lasts', that he may treasure up for his soul everlasting salvation in the kingdom of God."

The further glorious promise is given:

"And if it so be that you should labor all your days in crying repentance unto this people, and bring, save it be one soul unto me, how great shall be your }6y with him in the kingdom of my Father! And now, if your joy will be great with one soul that you

THE CANADIAN MISSION 573

have brought unto me into the kingdom of my Father, how great will be your joy if you should bring many souls unto me!"

Great as have been the achievements thus far, there is yet a more glorious work to be done in this mission.

Toronto, Canada

A Rhapsody of Spring Oh, grey awakening of Spring!

shaking off of winter's kindly mantle, A sigh—a

Which covered over all that Autumn stript.

A mighty longing to burst forth in splendor,

From grim, gaunt, saddening crags to be released,

And, hastening down to kiss the lowest vale,

Begin a march triumphant back to force

The Winter's snow from off the topmost peak.

Oh, grey awakening of Spring!

A greygreen whisper over sageclad valleys,

A swish of green across the foothills drawn,

As by a Master and with mighty brush.

A myriad summoning of wee green shoots,

To gladden all the land with brightness later.

When they have drawn from bounteous Mother Earth

The substance which sustaineth life and beauty.

The plowman, whistling merrily, treads the furrow,

Visions of harvests flit across his way.

Dreams of conquests over nature's forces.

Visions of life's great battles fought and won.

The fragrance of the earth turned to the sunlight

Fills all the air with promises divine.

Mellowing all the sharpest breezes lingering,

To threaten with icy breath each bud and bloom.

And, sounding through the halls of nature.

One still, sweet note—thrilling—prolonged; A call to soul to burst its mighty bondage.

To cast off all of prejudice and hatred.

Old hidebound jealousies and earthly ties.

Which souls still cling to and which darken

The love that radiates throughout the Universe.

Oh, glorious destiny of man!

Would that the Spring could waken

A harmony and love of fellowcreature

That, swelling over all the striven world,

Transforms the blackest hour to paradise,

Revealing all of life's astounding beauty,

Unblinded by the glare of useless things.

A call to soul to burst its mighty bondage is the Spring. And be free—as

Corinne. Utah BERNEICE GIBBS ANDERSON

The Southern States Mission By President Charles A. Callis

Southern States mission is THEone of the oldest, if not the oldest, mission in the United States.

Many of the pioneer missionaries have gone to their eternal rest; but the

beauty and greatness of their missionary spirit is still felt in that fruitful part of the Lord's vineyard.

Their achievements find continued expression in the increase

God is giving the labors of his servants, who plant, as Paul planted, and who water, as ApoUos watered, the precious gospel seed in the hearts of their fellowmen.

"And I saw another angel flying in the midst of heaven, having the everlasting gospel to preach unto them that dwell on the earth, and to every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people, "Saying with a loud voice. Fear God, and

give glory to him; for the hour of his judgment

is come."(Rev. 14:6, 7.)

Every spiritual activity supplements the loud voice that the Apostle John heard. During the year

1927 in the Southern States mission, 963 persons covenanted with the Lord, through baptism, to serve him and keep his commandments; 8,516 copies of the sacred Nephite record were placed in

homes; and 1,432,369 tracts were distributed. The missionaries

represented the Church in the holding of 23,419 meetings, 3,637 of which were street meetings, and in participation in 571,032 gospel conversations. These are some of the chief spiritual activities which

go to make up a righteous, freewill offering of labor unto the Lord.

These servants of Christ, in labors abundant, are ever ready to execute the Master's will. They work as if their honor and

salvation depended upon it. Their service is voluntary and rich in

blessings; they find joy in sacrifice and selfdenial, and even in persecution. They are "called of God, by prophecy, and by the laying

THE SOUTHERN STATES MISSION 575

on of hands by those who are in authority to preach the gospel and administer the ordinances thereof."With this assurance, confidence and knowledge, they resolutely face the world as David faced

Goliath, in the fear and strength of the God of Israel.

"Fear not, I am with thee, Oh, be not dismayed.

For I am thy God, and will still give thee aid.

I'll strengthen thee, help thee, and cause thee to stand,

Upheld by my righteous, omnipotent hand."

As the missionaries deliver the message of glad tidings, they receive the testimony that they are pleasing God, and that the sacrifice they and their honored parents are making is sacred in the sight of the Father. His nearness to them is comforting; his recognition of the authority they bear and their relationship to him

is soulsustaining, for "he is not ashamed to call them brethren."

(Heb. 2:11.) Read his words:

"And the voice of warning shall be unto all people, by the mouths of my disciples, whom I have chosen in these last days."(Doc. and Gov., 1:4.)

"What I the Lord have spoken, I have spoken, and I excuse not myself; and though

the heavens and the earth pass away, my word shall not pass away, but shall be fulfilled, whether by mine own voice or by the voice of my servants, it is the same."(Doc.

and Gov., 1:38.)

"So shall my word be that goeth forth out of my mouth: it shall not return to me

Latterday Saint Chapel in Atlanta, Georgia, Southern States Mission

Dedicated by Elder George F. Richards, of the Council of the Twelve, November 29, 1925.

o.

w P n: -

a

. c W 3J OJ u >?iz So Hi

w o a, <:XU Q

Q a; THE SOUTHERN STATES MISSION 577

void, but it shall accomplish that which I please, and it shall prosper in the thing whereto I send it."(Isa. 55:11.)

The desire to be a missionary is inborn in the hearts of the youth of Israel. Every faithful father and mother in the Church

have a fond and anxious desire that their sons and daughters shall be called to preach the gospel, as a witness and a warning to the inhabitants of the earth, to prepare them for the great day of the Lord.

It is a great honor and a privilege to fill the hearts of the people with the knowledge of the Lord and to bring souls unto him.

But there must be true servants of God behind sermons. They

must, in order to reach the hearts of the people, speak in the power and demonstration of the Spirit. 'Tor when a man speaketh by the

power of the Holy Ghost the power of the Holy Ghost carrieth it unto the hearts of the children of men."(2 Nephi 33: 1.)

And what of the future? It promises many additions to the

fold of Christ. Fields that a few years ago appeared to be barren

are now yielding a bounteous harvest. The souls of men, precious

in the sight of God, constitute fertile ground in which to sow the seeds of faith. They are now longing for the truths taught by the

Prophet Joseph Smith. Day after day brings forth evidence that

he was a teacher and a prophet sent of God. Witness many of our

fellowmen, nonmembers of the Church, adopting some of the truths of the gospel. Surely "a little leaven leaveneth the whole

lump.""The harvest truly is plenteous, but the labourers are few: Pray

ye therefore the Lord of the harvest, that he will send forth labourers into his harvest."Every mission president is continually asking the

First Presidency to send reinforcements. The missionaries who join

iheir brethren already in the field go to the "firing line"well fortified. "The power is in them,"said the Lord, and in his service that

power is developed.

The Latterday Saints are a great people because they are engaged in a great work. The Church is the mother of men. The

mission of the Church is clearly and forcefully stated by the First

Presidency in the following words:

*'The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is brought forth and established by the power of God and dedicated to the mission of preparing the way for the glorious coming of the Son of God to reign in the earth in truth and righteousness and peace."

Atlanta, Georgia.

The Mexican Mission By President Rey L. Pratt

HE dawn of 1927 found the Mexican mission very much handicapped because of existing T conditions in Mexico.

The Mexican constitutional amendment of 1917 bars from active participation in ministerial work all who are not citizens of that country.

This affects our whole missionary force, and has made it impossible for us to do missionary work in that land, other than by correspondence and through the local Mexican brethren who hold the Priesthood.

However, for the nearly two years that these conditions have existed, the native priesthood has arisen manfully to the occasion, and the cause of the mission, while it has been retarded, has by no means gone backward, and work in most of the more than twenty branches has been kept up and new converts have been brought into the

Church. Branch presidents have been

faithful in their correspondence with the mission president and, through him, have received instructions in their work. Be it said,

to the credit of the branch presidents and the people of their branches, that they have willingly and faithfully carried out these instructions.

A pleasing and gratifying feature has been the holding of conferences in central Mexico, under the direction of Elders Isaias

Juarez, Pelar Paez and Abel Paez. These brethren were appointed

by the president of the mission to hold conferences in the districts of the mission located in central Mexico, and the presidents of the different branches were informed as to the place of meeting and the date of the conference to be held in their district. As a result of these

arrangements, successful and very well attended conferences have been held, even without the attendance of the mission president or

THE MEXICAN MISSION 579

any elders from Zion, and the people have been greatly built up and strengthened in their faith.

No one can state when conditions will again prevail that will make it possible for missionaries to return to Mexico; but it is

gratifying to note that, even without elders from Zion, progress is made in that land. It is the accepted opinion of observers that

the present controversy in Mexico between, primarily, the Government and the Catholic church cannot but result in greater religious liberty than has been enjoyed in that land, since Catholicism, as the power behind the conquest, was fastened upon the people of

Mexico.

The more than fifty elders and women missionaries now laboring in the mission are confining their labors to those sections in the border states where there are many Mexican residents.

It is interesting to note that when this borderland field was opened and the headquarters of the mission established at El Paso, there were but about five Mexican converts in all that territory. This

was late in November of 1918. From that date, there has been a

steady growth, and the work has been established across the continent from San Diego, California, to Brownsville, Texas. Hundreds

of converts have been made, and thriving branches have been organized in the important cities and many of the towns between these extreme points. A great deal of literature has been distributed,

resulting in many new friends and investigators.

To convey an idea of the number of Mexican people in the border states of our country, I will state that it is estimated there are more than 75,000 Mexican people in the city of Los Angeles alone. Many other principal border cities, such as El Paso, San

Antonio, Tucson and Laredo, etc., have as large or even a larger

percentage of Mexican people. From this, it will be seen that there

is an opportunity for a great work among the Mexican people, even though present conditions keep us from working in the Republic of Mexico. The work at hand is far too great for the

number of missionaries available, and our prayer is that the Lord will send more laborers to this part of his vineyard.

A very great blessing to the Mexican mission has been the building and dedication of the temple at Mesa, Arizona, which brings within the reach of the good Mexican Saints along the border the great blessings and privileges of this most sacred work. A thriving branch of the mission is located at Mesa, and

a number of its members have availed themselves of the privileges of receiving, in the House of the Lord, their own blessings, and of laboring for the redemption of their dead. The spirit of temple

work is upon the people in all parts of the mission, even those re580 IMPROVEMENT ERA

siding in the Republic of Mexico, and much genealogy has been, and will be, gathered, that the work of redemption may be carried on for the fathers of our people in the mission.

The labors of our missionaries arc to be commended in the highest terms. Their humility, initiative, and faithfulness during

the past year have been very marked, and they have been greatly blessed of the Lord. While laboring in a country where the English

language is spoken, but with a call to teach the gospel to a people who speak another tongue, they have so enjoyed the spirit of the work to which they are called that it has seemed no hardship to confine their labors and their studies to the Spanishspeaking portion.

The Lord has richly blessed them in the acquiring of the language and enabled them fluently and ably to convey his message to the people. Prospects look bright for the future of our work in the

Mexican mission.

Through Joseph Smith, the gospel of Jesus Christ has been restored in its fulness again. His Church has again been established'

on the earth and holds all the powers and enjoys all the blessings that were formerly held and enjoyed. This is the very same gospel

to which the Savior referred when he said:

'"And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations; and then shall the end come."(Matt. 24:14.)

We, then, as participants of that gospel, and members of the

Church of Christ, have upon us the responsibility of preaching the gospel to "every nation, kindred, tongue and people."

The Church, since its establishment, has been mindful of this duty and obligation. Its missionaries have crossed lands and seas

and, without thought of remuneration, have carried the message of truth to the nations of the earth, but the work has not been consummated. There are still many millions of our Father's children who

have not heard, to understand it, the glad message of the restored gospel. Therefore, this responsibility persists and necessitates the

maintaining in the field of a force of more than two thousand men and women.

What manner of men and women should they be who are discharging for the Church this great responsibility? They should be

such as would exemplify by their every act the great teachings and truths of the gospel. They should be filled with an implicit faith in

the Lord; should have a knowledge that God lives; that Jesus Christ

is his Son and the Redeemer of the world. They should know that

Joseph Smith was a prophet raised up of the Lord to restore to earth, in this dispensation, the everlasting gospel. They should be "not

ashamed of the gospel of Christ: for it is the power of God unto

THE MEXICAN MISSION 581

salvation to every one that bclieveth; to the Jew first, and also to

the Greek."(Romans 1: 16.)

They should go forth to labor in the Master's vineyard with a feeling of love in their hearts for all men, and a spirit of service that would transcend any selfish motive. Little thought need they give

to personal blessings, benefits or honors that might accrue from their labors. These things will come if they will, in unselfishness, serve

the Master and his children. Let them remember that there is no

other reason for the great missionary service of the Church and their participation in it than the fact that we have the gospel of salvation, which the world does not have; and, further, the world has no means

of knowing and receiving it except through our teachings and our ministry. Each should feel as Paul expressed himself: 'Tor though

I preach the gospel, I have nothing to glory of: for necessity is laid

upon me; yea, woe is unto me, if I preach not the gospel!"(I Cor.

9:16.) Let not a missionary ever go grudgingly into the field, nor

give grudging service therein.

Missionaries should go forth and labor always with an implicit confidence in the authority placed over them in the mission and conform their labors and their acts to the instructions given by that authority. They should be willing to labor diligently in that field

where they are called, for the conversion of the people to whom they are sent. "Remember the worth of souls is great in the sight of God; For,

behold, the Lord your Redeemer suffered death in the flesh; wherefore he suffered the pain of all men, that all men might repent and

come unto him. And he hath risen again from the dead, that he

might bring all men unto him, on conditions of repentance!

And how great is his joy in the soul that repenteth! Wherefore, you are called to cry repentance unto this people. And if it

so be that you should labor all your days in crying repentance unto this people, and bring, save it be one soul unto me, how great shall be your joy with him in the kingdom of my Father! And now,

if your joy will be great with one soul that you have brought unto great will be your joy ifme into the kingdom of my Father,!how'

'(Doc. and Cov. 18:1017.)you should bring many souls unto me

El Paso, Texas

"Our glory and pride of our youth, the snowcrowned queen of wives:—The

our old age, our hope of exaltation in this and in the world to come. Theirs is the

burden of giving life to men in mortality, and the peopling of heaven with spirits.

Givers of givers, never takers. With them we have full and eternal joy; withlife—ever

out them, desolation."John T. Barrett.

The Eastern States Mission By President Henry H. Rolapp

growth and accomplishTHEments, during the last two years, in the Eastern States mission have been outstanding. Each year has

witnessed the baptism of more than two hundred converts; and the year

1928 promises at least three hundred more.

Our ranks have also been materially increased by the arrival, from

Europe, of many German Saints, most of whom have remained in New York and Brooklyn. At present, we have a

German mem.bership of approximately

five hundred in those two branches.

Upon arrival here, these people rarely have any knowledge of the English language, which makes it necessary for us to hold German meetings for their benefit; however, as the majority of

them are young, they are learning the new language very rapidly.

Though the membership of the mission, at present, is about six thousand Saints, it is still small in comparison to the population of our territory, which is nearly thirty million. However, we are encouraged by the fact that our number is constantly growing larger.

The Eastern States mission comprises the territory from Rochester and Brooklyn, on the north, to Charleston and Huntington, on the south; from Boston and New York City, on the east, to Baltimore

and Washington, on the west, with all the large towns in Pennforty-seven Sunday;sylvania. We have fortytwo branches, and

Schools. In the last year, we have organized twentynine Primaries,

which now have an average non-"Mormon"attendance of approximately twenty. The largest of these associations has a membership

of more than forty, while the smallest claims only seven. The

parents of these non- "Mormon"children grant the missionaries frequent interviews, which, I believe, within a short time, will result in many of them accepting the gospel.

THE EASTERN STATES MISSION 583

Aside from spiritual labors, our mission has also been active in a material way, having erected a large number of Church buildings. Besides a large chapel in Brooklyn, New York, where our

mission headquarters are located, we own chapels in Baltimore,

Maryland; Charleston, Verdunville and Fairmont, West Virginia.

We have recently purchased a chapel in Philadelphia, and are now engaged in the building of one in Buck Valley, Pennsylvania. We

are also conferring with the First Presidency as to the advisability of buying a chapel in Pittsburgh.

Our one hundred twenty missionaries, thirty of whom arc young women, are all enjoying good health and the Spirit of th

Lord, and are all doing excellent work. We always welcome new

missionaries into the Eastern States. We could use, to advantage,

many times the number we now have.

Prospective missionaries should depend, primarily, on their knowledge of the principles of faith, repentance, baptism, and the laying on of hands for. the gift of the Holy Ghost. They should

also have an understanding of the restoration of the gospel and the authority of the Priesthood. No mission school can rightfully consider its duty done, until it has imbued the missionary with a knowledge and understanding of these fundamental principles of the gospel,

in which the majority of new investigators are primarily interested.

With a thorough understanding of these principles, the missionary

Mission Home and Chapel in Brooklyn, New York, Eastern States Mission 584 IMPROVEMENT ERA

is well armed, and will be able to answer the questions and meet the arguments that arise in the course of his labors, to the satisfaction of both himself and his questioner, and to the glorification of the work of the Lord.

Brooklyn. New York.

A Boy's Tribute to Mother Oh, what a wonderful thing is a mother,

Given by heaven my refuge to be;

In all the wide world there isn't another

So full of love and compassion for me.

Into the valley of deep tribulation,

Close to the portals of death must she go,

Giving me birth in sweet humiliation,

Bringing me life in the midst of her woe.

Hers were the first tender hands to caress me,

Hers the first kisses to dry up my tears,

Hers the first voice praying heaven to bless me.

Hers the first efforts to silence my fears.

Then when my first baby footsteps were taken,

Hers were the hands that propelled me along;

Gentle, but firm, with a purpose unshaken.

Her heart overflowing with rapture and song.

Gently as dew is distilled in the flowers,

Bright as the sun that illumines the day,

Entered she into my soul's sacred bowers.

Plucking the thorns that infested my way.

Soft as a sunbeam, her arms stole around me.

When in the throes of my long, bitter pain,

Soothing the hurt of the shackles that bound me.

Easing me back to life's sunshine again.

And when I could see through the tears that were falling,

Soft o'er my soul came a halo of joy;

For, there on her knees, my name softly calling.

She was pleading with Gcd for the life of her boy.

Wonderful love, my devotion commanding,

Motherlove, pure as the angels on high,

Love that surpasseth all understanding,

Love of a mother that never can die.

Rarest of jewels with luster untarnished.

Guide of my life on the land or the sea,

In sunshine or sorrow, my way you have garnished.

You have been true, angel mother, to me.

La Sal. Utah WiLMER BronSON

The Northwestern States Mission

By President William R. Sloan

HOLEHEARTED effort and willing cooperation, on the part of the missionaries, combinedwwith the good work of our

Saints, made the year 1927 one of the most successful in the history of the

Northwestern States mission. More

real missionary work was accomplished than in any previous year.

With an average of only eighty missionaries, one of the smallest groups in the Church missions, 260,000 hours were spent, during the year, in effective activity. The records show that 844,-

000 tracts and pamphlets, containing the message of truth, were placed in the hands of the people;—50,000

hours were spent in tracting. The

Book of Mormon was found to be the best missionary we had. More homes

were opened for our meetings and more investigators found by means of this sacred book than through all our other literature 19,164 copies combined;—

were distributed, a large percentage of which were read from cover to cover by the recipients. In the month of September alone, when

a special drive was made in celebration of the one hundredth anniversary of the delivery of the plates to the Prophet Joseph Smith, 3,065 Books of Mormon were placed by the missionaries, and 1,859 by the Saints. "Investigator work"is one of the most important

phases of our missionary labors, because it is through this that converts are 19,439 hours were spent in visiting 204,000 made;—

investigators. Besides this, 12,000 meetings were held by the missionaries, 1,324 of them being on the streets. To maintain these

missionaries in the field, and for the literature they gave away, the total expenditure in money was $47,389.

During the year, five new branches were established, making a total of twentyfour organized branches in the mission; thirteen new

586 IMPROVEMENT ERA

inSunday Schools were organized, and an increase of 26% shown

Sunday School activities; five new Relief Societies, six Young Men's

and seven Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement Associations also were organized, besides Primaries were established in orphan homes in Seattle, Spokane and Portland. The Primaries of the mission

made a phenomenal growth during the year, their enrollment increasing from 1,232 to 2,333 members.

Saints went, by auto- A caravan of one hundred ninetythree mobiles, to the Cardston temple, in July, some of them traveling 1600 miles. During the two days spent in the temple, they performed 1,575 ordinances. Nothing else has ever been experienced

in this mission which tended to build up the faith of the Saints as this group work in the temple.

last The free publicity given the Northwestern States mission year, by the press, caused many to investigate the gospel and to ask for further enlightenment on the work that our people are doing.

The Saints and the missionaries, alike, feel that the future holds a very bright outlook for the Church in this section of the country.

Every Latterday Saint youth should have a fervent desire and determination to go on a mission and do his share in establishing the Church of God among the various peoples of the earth. Regular

attendance at sacramental meetings, priesthood quorum meetings and the classes of the auxiliary organizations of the Church, accompanied by an active interest, is essential to a thorough preparation for a the priestmission. A young man should also magnify his calling in

hood, and fill promptly and energetically all assignments made to him; and he should strive to know himself the message that he will

try to teach to the world. The mission field itself is a wonderful

great miracle of our Church. As the lives of theseschool,—the

young missionaries unfold and blossom into a spirit of service to humanity, they become the very embodiment of the admonition, given of the Lord, "Arise and shine forth, that thy light may be a standard for the nations."

Portland, Oregon.

A Prayer humbleness to thee Dear Father in the heavens above,—in

I kneel in prayer. Oh, may thy Spirit always with me be!

When thou art near to mark the path through which my feet shall go.

All things seem bright. I thank thee for the happiness I know.

I thank thee for the troubles, too, which come across my way.

For knowing such helps makes me strong and better day by day.

Dear Father, though the time be short while on this earth I live.

Help me ever to do thy will and to thy children give

The greater part of all I have that they may happy be.

Watch o'er us all each passing hour and guide us unto thee.

Laura Hudson The Northcentral States Mission

By President John G. Allred

11 HE people in most of the districts of the Northcentral States I mission are becoming more and more susceptible to the teachings of the gospel, as evidenced by our report of baptisms for 1927, which exceeded that of the previous year by fortythree per cent. The mission comprises the

cast half of Montana, North and South

Dakota, Minnesota, the northwest corner of Wisconsin, Ontario west of the

Great lakes, and Manitoba, Saskatchewan and part of Alberta, Canada.

Perhaps our most fruitful field is the state of Minnesota, which is populated, to a great extent, by the Scandinavian people. It is here also, in the

city of Minneapolis, that the mission headquarters are located. We recently

sent out our first missionary to another field, and we expect more to follow in the near future.

Since the mission was organized,

July 12, 1925, we have built four chapels, purchased one, and are now preparing to erect another, in St.

Paul, Minnesota. We have twelve chapels in the mission at the

present time, all of which are owned by the Church.

Our Saints, generally, are devoted to the work of the Lord and are striving diligently to live the gospel as it has been preached to (hem, and many are laboring as well for the salvation of their dead.

Our missionaries are enjoying their labors and the spirit of the

Lord, and are putting forth their best efforts to instill the gospel truths into the hearts of the people here. They get much encouragement and help from the Improvement Era, and delight in the many

splendid articles it contains each month. Last year we celebrated the

one hundredth anniversary of the delivery of the Book of Mormon plates to the Prophet Joseph Smith, by featuring the distribution of this sacred record among the people of our territory. Elders Alma

588 IMPROVEMENT ERA

N. Redding and Clyde Ritchie won the mission laurels in this activity, distributing 305 copies in the month of December alone.

It is a source of satisfaction and joy to see the growth and development of these young marvelous work and a missionaries;—a

wonder. They are called from widely separated settlements, and

from diversified bankers, clerks, stenographers, vocations—farmers,

high school and college students. They meet here in the mission field

on common ground, and their lives are molded to suit the Master's purpose, as clay in the potter's hands. The missionaries who thus

allow the Lord to shape their lives can say that they have stretched their hands high into the heavens, and have clasped hands with the

Eternal Father, feeling the warmth of his presence, realizing that their mission has been accepted. With this priceless joy and satisfaction, they can return home with a deeper, broader view of life

and a well rooted foundation upon which to build in the future.

Should the great throng of gospel messengers who have faithfully and honestly completed their missions be asked the question. Was

your experience in the mission field worth the sacrifice made and the time and effort expended? the ring of an emphasized affirmative

would echo over the four corners of the earth.

We appeal to the young people of the Church who anticipate the privilege of going into the world to preach the gospel to seek more earnestly for knowledge and wisdom and a testimony of the work of the Lord. We have passed the time when men and women

can effectively preach the gospel without preparation and training.

The people of the present day love the truth, but they expect those

One of the Latterday Saint Chapels in the Northcentral States Mission

THE NORTHCENTRAL STATES MISSION 589 who claim to be commissioned of God to have an important message and to be able to deliver it effectively. With the adequate facilities

we have at priesthood quorums, Church auxiliaries, hand—schools,

abundant literature, is a reflection upon any young man or etc.,—it

woman who goes into the world unprepared. It should be the inherent ambition of the youth of the Church to assist personally in

the furtherance of the Lord's work, and they should strive earnestly to be ready when the call comes.

Many well qualified men and women, young and old, would gladly accept a mission if they were financially able to go. Why

could there not be more organized cooperation in the wards and stakes of Zion to eliminate this obstacle of financial lack? A good,

healthy Mutual Improvement Association in a ward should be able to support at least one missionary in the field. Would it not thus

function more fully? And every ward in every stake of Zion should

have a perpetual missionary fund. Men of means, also, who have

no available sons or daughters and are unable themselves to fill a mission, should be solicited to assist financially in this important cause. There are many such men in the Church who could well

afford to maintain a missionary in the field all the time. Where else

could an individual or an organization place their money to do more good or to bring more joy and happiness to all concerned? If there

are men and women in this Church who are willing to devote two or more years of their time in proclaiming the gospel, surely they should not be denied the privilege because of lack of means. We urge

the young men and women of Israel to get ready for this most important call, that, when it comes, they will be fully prepared to enter upon the duties and responsibilities of the ministry with the faith and fidelity that should characterize the representatives of the

Church of Christ.

The Northcentral States mission is proud of the results of its labors, and are ever eager to welcome the youth of Zion who are called to this territory to fill the vacancies of previous missionaries, who have come, served well and returned home.

Minneapolis, Minnesota.

Two Incentives

"To have been the kind of a boy my mother thought I was, and to be the kind of a man my bolys think I am, has been, and is, two of the highest incentives in my entire life. On earth, as in heaven, I do not hope to see a more appealing or holier sight

than my wife with my child in her arms."John T. Barrett.

The Home Aspect of Missionary Work

By Sarah B. Moody

When Fred Stewart received his misside. There she lay calmly, propped upon

sion call, he wavered between conflicting pillows, with Church literature—pamphover her bed.duties: the dependence of his wife and lets and magazines—scattered

children on one side, and his lifelong deThe sisters threw a defeated glance at sire to fill a mission on the other. each other and one of them said: "We

Annie, his wife, took the initiative for have been wasting a lot of perfectly good once, "If the Lord wants you to fill a sympathy on you."

mission he will open the way."She began "Did you think I would be upset at

making plans Sam's leaving? Well, you se I have forti-

"I'll get a lot of chickens, raise and can fied myself against it,"and her hand swept fruit and vegetables, and, with our own over the magazines. "I am reading all

pork, milk and butter, we'll get along. the missionary experiences I can find, and

it is wonderful how the Father has takenWhen fall comes, I'll take the teachers to board, and that will meet our other needs."care of our missionaries and their families."

"The farm is a poor asset in its unde- "Well, you are a brave woman. I wonveloped condition, but, perhaps, John dered at first, as I thought you didn't care."

Wright will take it and furnish you with "Oh, I'm perfectly human, but I'm makflour and chicken feed,"Fred added; but, ing a good fight. However, my predicawhen the test came, he protested honestly ment is nothing compared to that of our

against leaving her with so much hard first missionary families. I have always

work and responsibility. wanted Sam to fill a mission, and, per-

"It is not work, but stagnation, that haps, this is the best time of our lives for kills. Don't you see, Fred, that this is him to leave. I am proud to have him

my opportunity to get experience and selfrepresent our Church, and I scorn the reliance?"thought of lying around pitying myself

Fred went on his mission, and a year when so big things are at stake."

4c * later, when the stake president asked Mrs.

Stewart concerning her welfare, she anDuring that last week, Gladys and Delswered: bert had spent many hours making plans

"I didn't know people were truly so she was to work as stenographer, while he kind, until Fred went away. A neighbor filled a mission to the Eastern States; she

fixed my chicken houses and wouldn't would meet him, on his return, in Salt charge a cent. Friends from all around Lake City, where they would be married

brought me potatoes, beans, melons, stove in the temple, then return home to Southern wood, and there is simply no end to their California.

kindness. I am saving money now to help On their last evening together, they had

replace the team and wagon when Fred each promised to be true and had parted gets home."tearfully.

4< 4c ic He left on his mission, but in six weeks

Little Mrs. Norton was frail in health, was home again.

and had barely escaped death when each of Gladys gave him one measuring look and her four children was bom. When the said: "Well, Dell, I'm surprised."

last one was ten days old, her husband left He hung his head, "I thought, perhaps, for a mission to Australia. you would be."

On the morning of his departure two "Why are you home?"

Relief Society sisters hastened to her bed- "I was so darned homesick that I

THE HOME ASPECT OF MISSIONARY WORK 591

couldn't stand it another day,"and his boys, I would gladly take in washings to voice trembled. send each one on a mission."

"Well, you must go right back again. "Well, surely there must be something

I could never endure a coward and a quitin a religion that makes people feel like ter; but come in, we'll talk it over."that."

Four daysi later he left again, this time

It was a gray, drizzly February morning.he remained for thirty months of devoted

Mrs. Murray, with a baby in her arms, andand successful missionary work.

five other little children, ranging in ages >t> 4t to twelve, were huddled together on the

Mrs. Lambert, the new teacher in the platform of a country station, waving at a

business college, was sent to Mrs. Edwards receding train that was taking Mr. Murray

to find a laundress. away to fill a mission in New Zealand.

"Sit down,"invited Mrs. Edwards as Each little face was grim and tearless,

she drew forth a wicker chair under a shade for mother had whispered, "Don't let tree. Daddy, in his memory, see you in tears."

They had a friendly visit, as country When the train became a mere speck, the people do. Mrs. Lambert was surprised to children all broke down at once, and kind

find a washerwoman so well informed, and friends hurried them home.

said something to that effect. The house seemed empty and desolate,

"Oh, I am only washing to pay my and the winter wind moaned in sympathy.

son's missionary expenses. We will get on For a moment Mrs. Murray felt that she,

fine when he returns."too, must give up and join the weeping

no, she could not fail them. "Doesn't the Church pay him a salary?"children—but

Mrs. Edwards never lost a chance to do She uttered a brief, silent prayer, while

missionary work, so she launched forth she stirred the fire in the range.

"Oh, no. You don't understand. We "Who wants to make candy with nuts

believe that religion is more than a group and raisins in it?"she called out cheerily.

of scientific principles combined with an They responded half heartedly, but, while ethical code. It must have the divine elethe candy was cooking, she told them a

March hadment in it. The Father and Son appeared story from Little Women—Mr.

to Joseph Smith, restored the gospel of gone to war, and his four little girls had

Christ, and put into it the divine element determined to be brave soldiers at home.

which the apostasy had taken away. Mrs. Murray lengthened and embellished

"Not mentioning our hope of a herethe story, and her children quickly caught after, we believe that our gospel will do its spirit and application, and were cheered more to bring health, balance, prosperity and heartened.

and happiness here and now than any other Strangely enough, her efforts to comfort creed ever devised. The Father desires that the children lightened her own heart, and

all of his children, the world over, shall gave her the assurance that, as she stood share the blessings the gospel brings, and he by her children, God watched over her.

has given us the responsibility of spreading The first week seemed long, but, after these truths. You see, feeling as we do, that, time passed quickly, and soon they

we are glad to help without taking a salwere getting long letters containing"pictures ary."and stories of native boys and girls.

"But where do you come in? The boy A few troubles came along now and

getsi the development and the pleasure while then. Mrs. Murray nursed the children

you do the drudging. It seems like the through a heavy siege of measles. FiveChurch should at least support you both yearold Bessie broke her arm, and carried

under the circumstances."it in a cast for six weeks. Baby Horace

"That would rob me of the privilege had a long spell of indigestion. And

of helping. One doesn't take money for managing the fiveacre lot, with two cows

9 labor of love. If I had half a dozen and a horse, brought its worries.

592 IMPROVEMENT ERA

When Mrs. Murray asked her doctor to time passed quickly, and Mr. Murray was

send in his bill, he said, "If Mr. Murray at home again,

can afford to spend three years preaching * * the gospel, I can afford to doctor his famwill say that ily free of charge."- these brave women

For three years the Murray family they were greatly blessed during these misdis- worked, played and studied together, each sions. The wisest philosopher cannot

doing his part. Simple pleasures were pute it; for, who is so favored as she who

it, opening her eyes planned, consisting of rides, walks and picaccepts life as God wills nics. Birthdays and holidays were celeto its beauties and its opportunities, laughbrated with home parties, and nothing was ing and rejoicing in its pleasures, and disallowed to interfere with "Mother's story ciplining her heart to its rigors, knowing

telling"at the twilight hour. Thus, the that God is over all?

San Diego, California

Message of a Missionary Take heart, ye who have not faith and are weary with life's load of sorrow;

Who e'en now are stumbling, seeking for a hold, a firmer knowledge of that tomorrow Spoken of by Christ our Lord.

Hear, now, my soul expression; let me speak and have my say.

E'en though my mind has not yet ripened with the light of many years

I'm but a boy as to my time of life and da'y

Yet give heed, turn not your hearts away,

For full oft the greatest lessons ever told

Were uttered by the mouths of babes.

Long have ye stumbled in error's gloomy way.

As blind leaders of the blind, with their proud and learned minds,

Have led their lesser fellows here below.

Through countless sorrows, misery, and woe,

To merge in discord and dismay.

Finding at last that the future's draped in darkness deeper still,

And yesterday. life—a

You're faced by separation from that greater knowledge.

As by a mightily walled hill.

Towering to your vision's highest reach

Stranded at its base, by error's tide you lie.

As driftwood on the beach you die.

Too long have men built churches, called forth creeds,

Tried hard to formulate their theories so's to rise

Above the weeds of error that have grown.

Reaching upward to the very skies,

I MESSAGE OF A MISSIONARY 593

Obliterating the expansive view of paradise.

Which our prophets once possessed

Coeternal with our God and all the blest.

Awake, ye mortals here below!

He again has spoken, and the very trumps of Heaven blow.

AriseTime—and'tislisten,but awillphantomyou hear?in its passing;

We're no longer left to stumble, calling in life's ego;

Seek Him now, the way is clear.

Light's been all men might know given—knowledge—that

The end of all our wanderings here below

Is not a passage to a deeper, darker, lessknown sphere;

Then prepare yourselves while you are here.

Make ready!

For 'twill prove an opening to Celestial light,

Giving power, through grace, faith, and might,

Where advancement will unfold.

Not in lines of worldly riches men's minds arc ruled by gold, Wealth—where

But in finer things of greater lasting Gifts Rife beauty—God's

Bearing fruits of joy eternal, and of life.

O people, cease from strife and hear.

For Immanuel's second advent now is near!

Denver, Colorado EDWARD L. HANCOCK

Memories of Mother

I love the dear smiles and her tears pictures—her

That memory hangs on the walls of the years,

Her glance of approval, her frown of rebuke

Made soft by the love in the light of her look.

That deep mother love, of all mothers a part.

Rayed out like a dawn from the hearth of her heart,

And, Oh, how they.blended, the human, divine.

Expressed in that little big mother of mine.

Her form was a record of service, her hair

Was white with the snow from her winters of care.

Experience, roughhewn, added grace to her charm.

And character lived in her face and her form.

No hand can erase from my memory green

That little gray cottage where mother was queen;

In spite of the years that would rend us apart.

She reigns, as of old, on the throne of my heart.

Theodore E. Curtis

A Missionary Mobbing By Weston N. Nordgren

"Yes, it is terrible to be mobbed!"The three months old in the mission. His exspeaker was a young man of perhaps twenperiences were few as a missionary, but he

tysix years, light, slight of frame, intellihad a wonderful testimony of the gospel.

gent, and earnest. Around him, seated in It was this testimony that gave him the

chairs and on the single cot, were other courage to resist the unjust demands of the "Mormon"elders. irresponsible, infuriated mob.

"Tell us about it!"they urged. Con- "Two days before the mobbing, which

cern and sympathy were written on the we experienced on Friday, March 13, eager faces of the group. 1 925, we were driven out of a small Indian

"All right,"said Lee, who had spoken village at the point of a knife, and hastened first; "but, mind, I don't want to give you away from a second village later in the day,

wrong impressions. The Indians of Tenwhen threatened with clubs. The Indians

ango del Aire, Mexico, who mobbed mc had been warned to keep all strangers out weren't to blame. They did it as a religof their villages, to avoid the sacking of

ious duty, thinking that my companion and their churches. The Catholic padres, or

I had come to destroy their churches and priests, had told them to be on the alert, idols!"He looked slowly at each elder in and to drive out any strangers who came,

turn. Seemingly satisfied, he continued: for fear they might be Cismaticos. To

"Throughout Mexico, there had arisen a these uneducated Indians, their churches religious controversy due to conflict beand idols were everything, and it was to tween church and state. There were two protect these things that they were so acreligious parties, each striving to obtain tively present.

the vantage ground in Mexico's religious "In the second village, at each door muddle. The first of these, the Mexican where we called, a woman met us with a

Catholics, or Cismaticos, had separated club. After we had gone about four

themselves from the second party, which blocks, without any good results, or withconsisted of the staunch Roman Catholics, out any chance of conversation, we found who held firmly to the Church of Rome. that about fifty or more women were fol-

"In the forepart of March, 1925, the lowing us with clubs and sticks. They

Mexican Catholics, (whom we will call threatened us with bodily harm if we

Cismaticos, to distinguish them from the stayed; so we left rather abruptly.

Roman, or staunch. Catholics) stormed and "Being discouraged in our tracting, we

took by force several churches in Mexico decided to visit a family of Saints in anCity. Immediately, a great religious exciteother little village, Tenango del Aire, about

ment ensued throughout the whole of twelve miles from Amecameca, where we

Mexico. Strangers and merchants found were living. We made it a point to visit

it unsafe to travel alone in any of the outall of our Saints at least once a month, or lying districts, and especially in the Indian get in touch with them through a cottage villages. meeting.

"Our semiannual conference had just "Leaving Amecameca Friday morning at concluded. President Rey L. Pratt and eight o'clock, we arrived at Tenango del

visitors to the conference were returning Aire about eleven o'clock. We went afoot,

home, leaving the missionaries to return to deciding to return by train that night.

their fields of labor. I had been given a Brother Malaquias Indan's family was

new companion, a native boy, who was a indeed pleased to see us, since it was not new convert in the Church, and about often we made personal visits to them.

A MISSIONARY MOBBING 595

Brother Inclan was not at home when we wanted us in court on the morrow, we arrived, having gone to the railway station would be glad to come, but that we didn't

I toldto load corn. We visited with the family wish to be molested before that time.

most of the afternoon, singing hymns, and them we were visiting members of our own explaining the principles of the gospel. Church, and were not Cismaticos, which I

About five o'clock, wc walked uptown to feared they believed us to be. Part of the

see just when the train would leave. On mob listened, but most of the mobbers

the way back to Inclan's, we noticed small milled around and muttered among themgroups of natives standing at corners and selves.

gates, talking eagerly. Not in the least did "At eight o'clock, an officer came in,

we suspect anything amiss. We nodded a stated his occupation, and demanded to

friendly greeting and they returned the salknow if we had weapons. He said he

utation as we passed. When we arrived at would protect us. We told him the only

the home of the Saints, the bells in the weapons we had were our Bibles and Books churches pealed forth with thundering of Mormon. Then he went out, and imnoise. We paid no particular attention to mediately began firing his gun into the air.

this, since the Mexican people are always The mob rallied again and surged against ringing bells, for saints'days, festivals, and the saguan. The noise became greater and

on almost any other occasion. our situation correspondingly precarious.

"Five minutes later the big gate, or We tried to sleep, on palates, or mats, on saguan, swung open, and in rushed an the floor. There were nine of us in all:

angry mob of about twenty men, armed Brother Inclan and wife, his father and with clubs and sticks. The district judge motherin-law, his partially blind brotherwas in the lead; drunk, but supported by a inlaw, and an investigator with his wife,

little girl of about twelve years. His eyes besides the two of us. In another room

glared balcfuUy, and his lips trembled for slept the baby of Brother and Sister Inclan.

words. Wc were seated in the patio near "The noise increased. We hid our val-

a door of the house, and as the judge apuables, and placed our Bibles in our coat proached, we rose to our feet and faced him. pockets. Brother Inclan tried to talk to

'By what authority arc you here?'he the mobbers, but they demanded the 'Morshouted questioningly, 'Why are you here? mon'ministers and would not be stilled.

Who are you?'His eyes were slits of fire. He returned and wc held a circular prayer.

"'Wc are just here as visitors,'I anWe all knelt down together and each, in swered. He wasn't satisfied with my reply turn, offered a prayer for our safety. I

and turned to Sister Inclan. know the Lord heard and answered our

"'Where is Malaquias Inclan?'he depetitions that night.

manded. "We decided to hide in the rafters where

"Sister Inclan threatened to report him cob corn was hung, knowing that we could to the prestdente, and he withdrew, taking not face the mob. We thought that perthe mobbers with him. Time came for us haps the mob would think we had escaped,

to catch the train, but we dared not make and go away. We hid on the boards that

itsthe attempt, since the mobbers had increased held the corn, just as the mob broke in numbers and were murmuring and way in, by pushing over some loose volgrumbling outside the walls. We could canic rock at the rear of the patio. The

hear them quarreling, and felt very unsafe. Saints, women and men, battled with tho

Brother Inclan then arrived, and was met mob, until they were overcome. One of

by the mobbers, who threatened to hang the mobbers grabbed the baby up and him if he let us escape before morning. I threw it back onto the hard slats of the

heard the threats directed at him, and, openwooden bed. After hunting in vain for

ing the saguan, I stepped out to face the us, the mob started to beat the Saints.

mob. I assured them that wc would not Wc were ready to join in the melee, when

leave before morning, and that if they one bright young fellow decided to climb 596 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the loft to look for us. He had a shotdropped flat and held my breath while

gun. I met him with the gun facing me, the mob rushed by. Two stragglers came

and, in the tussle which followed, we fell into the field and saw me.

through the rafters to the floor below. "'Here he is!'And then the scrap was

Then those below closed in on me, strikon again. The mob rushed upon me from

ing at me with sticks and clubs. I fought all sides. From the threats that came my

my way to the patio, to the side of my way, I gathered that someone of affluence companion, who was now in the midst of had convinced them that we were Cisthe mob. We were taken to the street. maticos. 'Why did you come to destroy

Amccamcca, Mexico, where Elders Lcland M. Mortcnsen and

Abdon Aragon lived at the time of the mobbing. Insert:

Elder Mortensen.

i*threatened, and beaten. It was unbearable, our churches and idols Why did you try

and I spoke to my companion in English. to deceive us?'were the questions hurled

'Brother Aragon, let's run!'He got at me. Machetes, rocks, clubs, sticks—all

free first, and dashed away; then I got came my way. I fought a losing fight,

loose and ran around the corner, and down but time after time I struggled to my feet, the street. In some way, we ran in opas I found I could better protect myself

posite directions; then I saw him stumble. in this position. The Mexican with the

'Shoot him! Shoot him!'came the gun was a menace, but I finally discouraged

cry! But the natives either dared not him by dodging when he attempted to

shoot, or had no ammunition, for they ram me with it.

swarmed along behind, uttering curses and "One thing was in my favor. There

threats. I ran zigzag to misplace any were so many natives trying to hit me that

gun sights that might be aimed at me, they got in one another's way, and did but no one fired. I had been a longdist- much damage to themselves. Finally I

ance runner in school, and I could have was beaten to the ground, and the last left the mob behind, but I was afraid for I remembered was the hurting crunch of

Brother Abdon Aragon. I determined pieces of volcanic rock as they hit my head

to return and help my companion. A field, and back.

vacant and weedcovered, loomed up. I "Later, as I was dragged through the

A MISSIONARY MOBBING 597

streets, the moistened atmosphere brought ague. I was taken back to the school

me back to consciousness!. I struggled house, and laid on the palates, and covered

to my feet, and the mobbers started to with quilts. The judge kept two offibeat me again. Some, however, had comcers to guard us through the night, and

passion on me, and in a diplomatic mandispersed the mob. Fever triumphed, and

ner, interceded in my behalf. I was taken I slept. The next morning we were taken

to a schoolhouse where I found Elder to the court house, where our testimonies

Abdon Aragon, and the socalled officers were taken, along with those of the three of the village. I had thought them mobleading mobbers, who had been caught.

bers, but they had not entered the mixup "Later in the day we were put on nor allowed their guns to be used. Brothboard the train and taken to Chalco, the

er Aragon was terribly beaten and lacercounty seat. There we were thrown into

ated about the head and face. I was the 'hospital'section of the jail, to await

dumped on the floor, and the mobbers the arrival of the presidente of the town.

who had brought me in started beating The only claim to being a hospital our my companion. Finally the officers room had was the fact that it held another

stopped them. Then they made me sit sick man. No doctors, no medical care,

on the floor, with my back to a bench. were provided. We were told that we

Every time I leaned over, an officer would would have tjo remain there until the make me straighten up. following Tuesday, when the presidente

"Someone in the crowd suggested that would arrive home.

it would be a good idea to make us con- "Saints and elders from the Ozumba disfess to the cross. With a knife and gun trict came to our assistance, and tried to

poking in his stomach, Elder Aragon valihave the secretary of the town let us go;

antly refused to embrace it. Then the but in vain, for he was adamant in his

judge walked in and took the matter into decision to keep us for the town's overhis own hands. He started a conversation lord. A merchant of Chalco, who was a

with my companion, and drove the mobmember of our Church, heard of our bers out of the room. Brother Aragon plight and brought over his only Amerexplained the principles of the gospel to ican mattress for us to lie upon. During

him, and won him over to our side. the day Mexican Saints brought us food

"I kept pleading for water, but the and tried to comfort us. It made

officer who guarded me (and who had tears of gratitude flow to see those dear promised us protection earlier in the evensisters come into the room loaded down ing) showed me his gun, and taunted with food and clothing.

me, 'This will satisfy your thirst soon.'"The poor old brother who was partly

The judge, after conversing for a while blind, due to age, had escaped the mob.

with Brother Aragon, was moved to symand had traveled in the night from pathy, and ordered out the officers. He Tenango del Aire to Amecameca, a distold one of the mobbers to get me a tance of about twelve miles, to warn

drink of water, over at Indan's; but he the Saints of that place of our danger.

soon returned, saying that he could not Our landlady sent a telegram to the elders gain admittance, and that the women were in Mexico City.

all inside, crying. The judge ordered him "In the night following, I kept Elder

to pick me up, and together we went to Aragon busily engaged attending to me. I

Inclan's. I shouted until the Saints knew was in much the same condition the next

who it was, and they opened the gate. morning, Sunday. Early in the day.

I drank eagerly, and no one tried to preElders William Walscr and Dewy S. Farnsvent me from drinking too much. I was worth arrived from Mexico City, secured

bleeding, and had a fever, and, of course, a doctor, and had our wounds treated.

was very thirsty. Later in the night This was the first medical assistance we

I began to chill and shake as if I had the had received. Elder Farnsworth returned

598 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to Mexico City, and Brother Walser stayed Tenango del Aire gave us a special invitaall of Sunday to help us. He left about tion to visit him in his home any time we

testinoon Monday, and Elder Famsworth rewished. The greatest part of the

turned with Elder Thomas D. Burningham mony I gained was through seeing how

and Vice ConsulGeneral Evans, of Mexico. Brother Aragon's testimony had been tried

They obtained our release, and at oneand tested, and found tt*ue and steadthirty in the afternoon we were taken fast!"

away. I was placed in the American Four elders of the Church of Jesus

hospital in Mexico City; Brother Aragon's Christ of Latterday Saints, in our room

wounds were treated and he returned to the in El Paso, Texas, felt indeed humbled.

Mission Home. We felt in sympathy with the poor, un-

"I recovered rapidly, and in three weeks enlightened people who had persecuted our we were back in our field of labor, preachbrethren; we felt in sympathy with our

ing the gospel. We started tracting, but brethren who had withstood the mobbing,

were stopped by orders from the misand who had risen from their beds of afflicsion headquarters. Our meetings contintion with truer and firmer convictions in

ued, and twice more we were delivered their souls that they had the true gospel.

by the Lord from mobs which gathered And though Leland Mortensen didn't seem about us. We were able to see some good to realize it, he became a hero, where he had

from this mobbing affair, for one of the almost become a martyr. To God he gives

officials of Tenango del Aire made special the credit for the results of the trials he trips to Amecameca every week for tracts. has gone through. In a quiet, unassumBooks of Mormon, and to converse on gosing way, he praises his Maker, and tries to

pel topics. He sold the Books of Morlive the gospel as he sees it, as he has taught

Imon to his friends. The last that it, as he tries to help other missionaries

heard of him, he had become a very earnest investigator. The Saints seemed to to see and live it! And to us who were

have a greater love for us, and many new in that room, the testimony of this dear friends arose on every hand to delight brother is a living, flaming spark of faith our souls. Our testimonies were greatly that will ever be a light to our feet in

strengthened, and even the Presidente of trudging life's uncertain pathway.

Destiny

Destiny spins a silken thread.

As she weaves the pattern of life;

Into her loom the years are fed.

To be crossed with joys or strife.

But we command the shaping hand.

Of Destiny's patient weaving;

Obedient still to our master will,

She weaves, from us receiving.

The pattern is rolled into the past,

Forgotten are details made, But the warp is strong and colors fast.

They neither break nor fade.

For you and I, as days go by.

Must guide the weaver's weaving;

And the pattern, whole, must clothe the soul,

When earthly life we're leaving.

Sigurd, Utah IRVIN L. Warnock

Compensation By Silas L. Cheney, Principal Cyprus Seminary

'"Tis sorrow builds the shining ladder up

Whose golden rounds are our calamities."

David Hoffman sat in his car, nervously nation at the delay when, finally, his dapper waiting for his brother to finish "dolling brother came out and stepped into the car.

up"and join him. It was no fault of his Without the exchange of a single word,

that Dick was to acthey drove out of the company him for a day ". yard and rapidly down

at the fair, since certhe dusty road.

tainly he would have Mrs. Hoffman

much preferred being watched them from the alone with Flavia. But, window with a feeling

owing to his mother's of dismay. Once again

anxiety that there she had been guilty of should be no trouble persuading David to between them, he had submit to his brothreluctantly consented er's selfish whims in to the arrangement, alorder to prevent a scene.

though experience had It was not right, she taught him to be wary knew; still, as she went

of associating with his about her work clever, vivacious, "cockthroughout the long, sure"brother who, unsultry afternoon, disfortunately, was more turbed by regrets and than willing to take adshadowy forebodings, vantage of him in any there was one thing situation in order to obwhich, in a measure, tain his own selfish comforted her: today,

desires. The Author at least, David would

Had Dick been less not be alone with Flainconsiderate of the rights and feelings of via. She considered Flavia a mere emptyothers, he would never have imposed himheaded clothesrack who, in some inexself upon his brother in the present inplicable manner, was proving attractive

stance, since he knew very well that Flavia to her youngest son. Even though they

Thompson would be along. That, howwere engaged, she still prayed for someever, was the principal reason for his doing thing that would bring him to his senses,

so. David had been compelled to play but the more they were together the less

"second fiddle"for so long that Dick had hope there was for this.

come to resent his having anything which Late in the afternoon, as she sat on the he himself could not enjoy. The fact that porch, gazing anxiously toward town, half

Flavia was David's betrothed simply gave expecting something, she knew not what, him added reason for wanting to take a David's car suddenly hove in sight, driven hand. This he fully intended doing and at breakneck speed. It came roaring down

so, as a preliminary step, he was taking the road, swaying dangerously, whirled in unusual pains with his toilet. at the gate on two wheels and came to a

David was boiling with surpressed indiggrinding stop. Mrs. Hoffman hastened

600 IMPROVEMENT ERA

out into the yard as fast as her trembling think of something, but what shall it be?

legs could carry her, and almost fainted at You would better go to your room now sight of David, who stumbled past withand after a while, when we are able to out a word. He was hatless, his hair reason, I'll come to you and we'll decide

insanely. God, everything will come out all right."disheveled,wildly—almosthis eyes bloodshot and staring what's best to do. If we only trust in

"Oh, my boy, what has happened!*""Mother, please don't talk to me of

she moaned, following him into the house. God any more. What has he ever done

were married!"he exfor me? He has permitted Dick to take "They—they

claimed hoarsely. everything I ever had or wanted."

The strain on Mrs. Hoffman had been were married, David?""Who—who severe, and such a statement coming from

"Dick and Flavia."him proved too much. She swayed, moan-

"Oh, you must be joking. They ing for an instant, then collapsed in a

couldn't have been married."dead faint. David stared at her in bewil-

"Well, they were! You'll see! They'll derment, then gradually a realization of

be here soon!"He stamped about the what had taken place filtered through his

room tearing at his hair. "I could almost numbed and clouded faculties. With a

kill him!"he stormed. cry, he rushed to her, dashing cold water

"Oh, please don't talk like that. I'm in her face, chafing her hands, trying to

sure there's some mistake. Please sit down do a number of things at once in his

and tell me about it."excitement. By degrees, she recovered, her

"I tell you there is no mistake. I saw it eyelids flickered, then opened, and she lay

quietly, looking up at him. mother, she didn'twith my own eyes—and, "Mother, forgive me,"he pleaded; "I'lleven remove our engagement ring."

never say anything like that again."

"But, David, how did it all happen?""Then, you didn't mean it, David?"she

For a time he did not answer, but sat asked, fear again creeping into her eyes.

in a heap, racked with deep despair. Fi-

"No, mother,"he replied, "you knownally, looking up at her tearstained face,

I didn't."he made an effort to gain control of him- "Oh, I'm so thankful. I could standself in order to explain.

"You see there was some idiot paradalmost anything but that. If you will

a chiar, I shall be all right,ing as a Hindu, and it was announced that help me to and I think you'd better go to your room,he had been given authority to perform civil marriages somewhat according to the I believe they arc coming."

as directed, but, before leaving,customs of his own country, and that a He did purse of fifty dollars would be given to any bent and kissed her fervently. "Mother,

Icouple who would consent to a public mardearest,"he whispered, "what should riage by him. First thing I knew Dick and ever do without you?"

Flavia were standing on the platform ac- A short time later his mother came into cepting the proposition. They seem to his room carrying a tray of attractively

have had a little difficulty in securing a prepared food. "You must be nearly

license, but it was all arranged somehow starved,"she said. "While you're eatand they were married while the idiotic ing, I'll tell you of a plan I've worked

crowd applauded."out."

"My poor, poor boy!"she cried, sinking David had no desire to eat, but, to

down by his side and caressing him with please her, he made a pretense of doing trembling hands. so, as he listened to what she had to say.

"Mother, what shall I do? They will The idea was that he should prepare himbe coming here to live for a while and I self for a mission. Bishop Reese had injust can't be around them."timated a number of times that he had his

"I know. We'll have to eye on him and, if he knew that David know—I

.

COMPENSATION 601

was ready and willing to go, he would When, a week later, another letter of a like be only too glad to have him called at nature arrived, he could not help feeling once. In the meantime, he could do anygreatly troubled. He was just considerthing he liked. ing the advisability of going to headquarAt first he was dubious about it. He ters for a talk with the mission president,

did not want to leave his mother with when he received a telegram from him tellno one particularly to take care of her for ing him to come at once.

so long a time. Dick would be at home, He walked into the office pale and

of course, but both were well aware that trembling, his fears augmented greatly by he was not dependable. the sympathetic reception accorded him.

"But, son, it is coming to you after all anything wrong at home?"he "Is—is

you have done for me, especially since asked falteringly.

your father died. And it will develop you "I am very sorry. Elder Hoffman, butso much. Besides, just think of how much there is,"was the reply, "though you

good you will be able to do."may be sure a kind Providence will overHe consented, since, under the circumrule things for your best good. Here is a

stances, there seemed nothing else to do: letter I just received from your bishop. It

certainly nothing he would rather do. will explain better than I can, I think."

In the mission field, among other things, David took the letter and read with he absorbed polish like the diamond in the blurring eyes:

rough that he was. At first it was diffi-

,cult for him to keep from brooding over his President

Dear Brother:troubles sufficiently to catch the spirit of

I regret finding it very advisable to request missionary work, but once it came it abthe release of Elder David Hoffman, owing to sorbed him utterly. No task was too the existence of serious conditions at his home.

in some way.great, no time too long, if it afforded A short time ago his brother,

persuaded his mother to sell half the farm, andhim an opportunity of instructing somethen absconded with the money, leaving her one in the principles of right living consuffering with a nervous collapse and things tained in the gospel. He came to undergenerally in a very deplorable state. His mother

stand, to some extent, what God really has been growing steadily worse until, at present, her condition is extremely critical.meant when he said: "This is my work May the spirit of inspiration assist you in

and my glory to bring to pass the exaltareaching a proper decision in this matter.

tion and eternal life of man."The Your Brother,

amount of work he did was phenomenal, Bishop W. B. Reese.

and, due to this, together with his general The letter fluttered from David's hands ability and winning personality, he met to the floor, as he stood staring into space.

with gratifying isuccess. He was con- "Why? Oh, why?"he wondered. But

sidered one of the most valuable elders in he no longer felt rebellious, rather from the field. the depths of his soul he prayed: "Lead,

His mother wrote him frequently, and kindfy light, amid encircling gloom. Lead

always cheerfully and encouragingly. If thou me on."If only his mother's life

she had bad news to tell, she mentioned it could be spared—

briefly, then passed on to pleasant things. "And so we have given you an honorThus he learned that Dick and Flavia able release,"the president was saying.

had separated, but heard little of either "Your transportation has already been arafter that. ranged. You will find it all here,"and

Two years flew by rapidly, then, one he passed him a long envelope. "There is

day, instead of receiving a letter from his a train leaving for the West at nine o'clock mother, there came one from a neighbor tonight. I think you will be able to make

girl, Golda White. It said his mother was it. And, now, goodbye. Elder Hoffman.

not feeling very well, but, as nothing serYou have done a splendid work and we ious was the matter, he must not worry. certainly regret losing you, especially un602 IMPROVEMENT ERA

dcr such circumstances. May God bless keeping up a general air of cheerfulness.

you and your mother,"he said, wringing She was one of those "rare gems of purest

David's hand warmly. ray serene,"capable of making others happy

"Thank you from the bottom of my and contented without always having them heart. Goodbye."Then, to hide his conscious of her. For days at a time,

grief, David turned and hastily left the David was hardly aware that she was room. around. At first he took little notice of

When he arrived home, he was met her, but, eventually, it dawned upon him at the train by Golda White, whom, at how unusually efficient she was in assumfirst, he hardly recognized; she had changed ing the responsibilities of his mother. It

so much since he last saw her. was then he began taking a brotherly in-

"How isi mother?"he asked anxiously. terest in her. Certainly she was just the

She looked at him sympathetically as kind he would like to have had as a sister.

she answered, "She is very bad. The docAll that summer David worked like a

tor has little hopes of her recovery. I have Trojan. He had found things in such a

been staying at your place doing all I could condition about the farm that it kept for her, but I fear it hasn't been much."him busy from daylight until dark trying to

"That is certainly fine of you, Golda,"bring order out of chaos. Then, too, he

he said. "We shall not soon forget your was given considerable religious responsikindness."bility. Everyone seemed to recognize him

With all the preparation he had received, as one of the most capable and dependable

David was shocked at the emaciated condimen in the ward. His earnest application

tion of his mother. He knelt by her bedproduced desired results, causing an atmosside, kissing her fervently. "Mother dearphere of hope and cheerfulness to brighten

est, I am back,"he whispered. their future, and, stimulated by this, David

Slowiy she opened her eyes and looked and his mother began planning to buy back at him, then a great joy overspread her that part of the farm which had been sold.face asi she sobbed, "David—David, my

boy! What a man you are!"Her weak One Sunday in late autumn, David rearms reached out and drew his head down turned from meeting looking rather seriupon her breast. They remained thus for ous. "Mother,"he said, "we are about

a time; she with joy at having him at her to lose our best friend. Bishop Reese is

side, he with fear and sorrow lest she moving to Idaho soon."

should be taken from him. "That's certainly too bad,"she replied.

"David,"she whispered after a while, "I "He has indeed been a loyal friend and a wish you would administer to me."fine bishop. It will be hard to replace

What a privilege to be able to call down him."

the blessings of heaven upon his own David thought so, too, but felt sure mother. Humbly he complied, and in the someone would be found who could do so,

sealing ordinance the Spirit of the Lord since the Church was not dependent upon filled his soul and, under its power and the ability of any one man.

direction, he promised her long life and A week later, the president of the stake happiness and joy in her posterity. She called to see him. "Brother Hoffman,"he

lay quietly, tears trickling from under her said, "we are looking for a new bishop, closed eyelids and running down her careone who is big enough to fill the vacancy worn face. when Bishop Reese moves away. After

"David, that was wonderful,"she prayerful consideration, we have decided breathed. "Now I know I shall get well."that you are the very man we want. What

She commenced immediately to recover, have you to say about it?"

though months passed before she could do A lump arose in David's throat, making much about the house. In the meantime, it difficult for him to answer. "This is

Golda White remained, doing the work and such a surprise,"he faltered. "It seems

COMPENSATION 603

to me I am rather young and incompetent features and giving him a certain sense of for such a responsibility, but certainly I security, which, eventually, lulled him into am willing to do my best."a sleep disturbed and broken by visions

"That's the spirit, Brother Hoffman. I'm of a number of girls of his acquaintance.

sure there's no mistake in your selection. None of them, however, made much of

There is, however, one qualification you an impression upon him, until there came lack but it can be easily remedied. No one much more distinct and vivid than

doubt, you know to what I refer?"any of the others. She was a whiterobed

"I suppose it is that I am not married,"figure who stood smiling down at him, replied David. illuminated by the soft glow of the fire-

"Exactly. Suppose we give you six light.

lovely!"Cermonths in which to get married?""How beautiful—how

David smiled. "I haven't the slightest tainly this was the one he was meant to

idea who the unfortunate one might be,"marry, but where was he to find her. Sudhe said, "but, if it is the Lord's will, he denly he became aware that it was not a

will surely prepare a way. Yes, I will be dream but a reality. He stood up, rubbing

married in six months."his eyes.

That evening when he told his mother "You were staying up so late I wondered about the interview she wept for joy. "To if something were wrong, so I decided I

think you are scarcely more than a boy, might better come and see,"she said.

David, and yet they find you worthy of "Golda!"he exclaimed. "I thought I

such a of the most imwas seeing a vision, you are beautiresponsibility—one so—so

portant in the Church. How happy I ful. Funny I've never noticed it before."

am to have lived to see this day."He stepped up to her, placing his hands

David was happy also; still, he felt wor on her shoulders, and gazed intently into

ried because of the promise he had made her face. Her eyes were now swimming

to the stake president. He was so disturbed in tears and looking at him with an exabout it he could not sleep. More than pression he could not fail to understand.

ever before in his life, he prayed for light "Golda, is it possible you that—that

and knowledge; "Lead, kindly light. * * love me?"

Lead thou me on."He piled wood on the think I almost worship you, Da- "I—I

fire and sat down before it to reason things vid,"she breathed.

out. He must find someone soon and He pressed her in his arms and kissed

yet it wasi a matter demanding the greather reverently. "How stupid I've been.

est care and deliberation. In choosing Why, Golda, I must have loved you all

a wife, one chooses a companion, the moththe time and didn't realize it. Let's go

er of his children, for time and all eternity. and share our happiness with mother. I

To make an error, therefore, would be althink she is awake."

most irreparable. He had been saved from "How wonderful! I can hardly besuch a mistake once. The Lord might lieve it,"she murmured.

not be so kind a second time. "Nor I,"he replied in an awed voice.

Far into the night he sat, the glow from "Surely 'God moves in a mysterious way "the fireplace lighting up his handsome his wonders to perform.'

We Only Hope Let any man examine his thoughts, and he will find them ever occupied with the past or the future. We scarcely think at all of the present; or if we do, it is only to

borrow the light which it gives for regulating the future. The present is never our

object; the past and the present we use as means; the future only is our end. Thus, we

never live, we only hope to live. Pascal.

Messages from the Missions

"And if it so be that you should labor all your days in crying repentance unto this people, and bring, save it be one soul unto me, how great shall be your joy with him in the kingdom of my Father!"(Doc. and Gov. 18:15.)

Working With Might in Hannover District

One of the outstanding conferences in gravity the meaning of the warning, that the GermanAustrian mission was held in we shall not be able to labor with these the Hannover district, January 22 to 24, good people long, and we are working at which President and Sister Hugh J. with our might and with the spirit of

Cannon were in attendance. Every meetprayer "while the day lasts."We finding was an inspiration and a power for

the Improvement Era of great value ingood, and the conference, as a whole, was a splendid reflection of the encouraging helping us to convey our message of truth work done in this district. We sense with effectively. John R. Stewart, Jr.

Elders of Hannover District, Germany

Front row, left to right: David G. Spencer, president of the Ruhr district; M. Elmer

Ghristcnsen, superintendent of the Sunday Schools of the GermanAustrian mission; John

R. Stewart, Jr., incoming president of the Hannover district; President Hugh J. Gannon of

the SwissGerman mission; Robert R. Bowen, outgoing president of the Hannover district:

Leon B. Lindford, president of the Gologne district; Leonard V. Mauss. Second row: O.

Whitney Young, Whitney Parry, Winfield Q. Gannon, W. Whitney Smith, Hans W.

Uhrhan, James E. Burrows, Frederick Wesche, Wm. H. Glissmeyer, Don P. Nebcker, Otto

M. Brey, Francis Seegmiller. Back row: Lane A. Huband, La Voy Hildt, Elmer T.

Housten, Stanley H. Brox, E. David Reed, Dean W. Tucker, Lawrence O. Belnap, Eric G.

PoUei, Glyde W. Broadbent, L. Marcus Jensen.

Large Group En Route to Europe

Among the passengers of the S. S. fortyseven missionaries of the Church of

Leviathan, when she left her New York Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints; perdock on Saturday, February 11, weire haps the largest group of elders to sail for

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 605

European shores. During the six days of and reading talent was in evidence among

the voyage, they mingled with their felthe members of the party. Throughout

lowpassengers, many of whom showed a the trip, the Spirit of the Lord was with special interest in the "Mormon"party. them; they participated in pleasant gosThese people asked many { questions, pel conversations whenever possible, and

listened attentively to the answers given, made many friends. Upon arrival in

and went away with a high conception of England, they went on to London, where the principles of Christ's restored gospel, they met with Dr. John A. Widtsoe, preswhat the world terms "Mormonism."ident of the European missions, and were—of

A meeting was held each evening, in a then sent to various parts of Great Britain, special room reserved by the ship's purser, to the continent, and some went on to under the direction of officers previously South Africa. Weston N. Notdgren, enelected by the missionaries. Much musical route to British mission.

Missionaries Aboard S. S. Leviathan

Front row, left to right: Bertram R. Cutforth, South African mission; Geo. B. Alder,

SwissGerman; Edward L. Blacker, British; Wesley Ward, British; Henry Bates, British;

William Rigby Jacobs, GermanAustrian; William Brockbank, French; Weston N. Nordgren, British; Leo Teerlink, Netherlands; Arthur Livingston, British; Ed. E. Morgan,

British. Second row: Gottfred Bartlome, SwissGerman; Geo. Maw, GermanAustrian;

Daricl E. Reese, GermanAustrian; Henry R. Watson, GermanAustrian; Clifton S. M.

Kerr, British; Howard E. Maycock, SwissGerman; Alan Blood, French; Lynden

Fawns, French; Lorin F. Butler, SwissGerman; Walter K. Kersiek, SwissGerman;

Lynn Wood, SwissGerman; Mrs. Margaret Cannon (traveling to Germany to meet her son,

shortly to be released); Henry Hart, Netherlands; Joseph Brough. British; Richard K.

Knight, British; G. R. Carter, British. Third row: Weston R. Clark, British; Iriving

Pratt Bcesley, GermanAustrian; Moses Hansen. SwissGerman; Joseph Anderson, British;

Ralph Thompson. French; Charles E. Chandler, SwissGerman; Lester Fisher, British;

Alton Geesel, SwissGerman; Don E. Washburn, GermanAustrian; Byron Vance, British;

next man not a member of party; Stanley Hall, SwissGerman. Fourth row: Hans Beckmann. SwissGerman; Warren Perry and John Sieverts. Netherlands.

Other members, who were absent on account of seasickness: Harold H. Blackmore.

Herbert W. Carter, Robt. L. Bradford, and W. Richard Nelson, British mission; Ersal

Bcus, and Brigham Nebeker, Netherlands; iMclvin H. Harris, GermanAustrian.

606 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Three Missionary Conferences in England

Under the direction of Dr. John A. districts of the British jnission. Each of

Widtsoe, president of the European misthe conferences was motivated by the same sions, three outstanding missionary conspirit; but, also, each was characterized

ferences were recently held in the British by some distinctive trend of thought and mission. The first of the series was held by the emphasizing of some particular

in Sunderland, in the north, and more phase of missionary endeavor. The elders

than a score of traveling elders were preswere given ample opportunity to express ent. The second was held in Sheffield, their views and to ask questions. A sumin the midlands; this was the largest of mary of the day's discussion, by Presthe three. The last was held in London, ident Widtsoe, with his wise counsel and

with fortyeight missionaries present, ininstructions, brought to a fitting close the cluding President Widtsoe and his staff. final meeting of each conference.

To this last inspirational gathering came Richard L. Exxins, associate editor, Milmissionaries from the five most southerly lennial Star.

Elders Attending London Missionary Conference

Seated, left to right: David M. Davis, James H. Cantwell, Franklin J. Newman, Ernest A.

Hall, Reese R. Parker, H. Grant Vest, Milford A. Piggott. First row: Heber J. Matkin,

president Birmingham district; Alexander J. Byran, president of the Norwich district;

Nathaniel E. Parry, president of the Welch district; Richard L. Evans, associate editor

Millennial Star; Leah D. Widtsoe, president of Relief Societies of European missions; Dr. John

A. Widtsoe, president European missions; Ralph V. Chisholm, secretary and treasurer of

the European missions; Alma C. Tranter, president Bristol district; Annie S. Brain, Clinton

L. Mills, president of the London district. Second row: Percy F. Hill, Ezra M. Parry, Louis

W. Sanders, R. LeRoy Fletcher. Albert Brain, Cecil H. Toone, Laurence Peterson, Joseph

F. Parrish, N. Homer Hansen, Robert Dell Buchanan, Frank S. Cragun, Harold G. Clark.

Third row: Spencer A. Harris, Rulon F. Thompson, Joseph W. Harmon, Thomas E.

Paskins, Arthur T. Coleman, Alva L. Ritchie, A. Wesley Davis, Wilford N. Hemmert.

Harold W. England, Kenneth H. Smith, Noble L. Chambers, Earle R. Webb. Last row:

Hilliard L. Rose, June E. Bartlett, Roscoe E. Evans, Elmer D. White, David W. Sutton,

Douglas H. Petersen, Adrian L. Orme.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 607

Ground Broken for First L. D. S. Chapel in French Mission

In Seraing, Belgium, January 30, 1928, one in Liege before the end of this year.

the missionaries of the Belgian district, toDuring 1927, in the Belgian district, gether with Mission President and Sister twentyseven baptisms were performed,

Ernest C. Rossiter, and numerous memmore than double those of 1926, and the

bers and friends of the Seraing, Liege and same proportionate increase is reported

Herstal branches, gathered to break the throughout the mission; the past year witground for the first Latterday Saint

nessed the first baptisms wc ever perchapel to be erected in the French mission.

formed in the city of Charleroi. We haveWheelbarrows, picks and shovels had been

previously provided, and everyone set to a large number of friends in the five work with a will to help do the necessary organized branches in Belgium, and the excavation work for the foundation. The prospects for this year are encouraging.

missionaries devoted their entire time for Having recently secured a hall, meetings two weeks to this work. This marks an are now to commence in the city of Verimportant step in the development of viers, for the first time since the war. Wc

the Church in Belgium, and will greatly are now organizing the first troop of stimulate the interest of the people in Boy Scouts in the mission, in the Liege

Seraing and nearby branches. The chapel branch, in connection with the Y. M.

will be finished sometime this summer, and M. I. A. Joel H. Boiven, president

we expect to commence the erection of Belgian district.

Elders in the Belgian District, French Mission

Sitting, left to right: F. Clark Sanford, Salt Lake City; Joel H. Bowen, Salt Lake City,

president Belgian district; Ernest C. Rossiter, president French mission; Venus R. Rossiter.

president mission Relief Societies; Easton C. Woolley, Salt Lake City. Standing: David

Homer, Logan; Kenneth A. Moser, Bancroft, Idaho; Arthur L. Newman. Salt Lake City;

Richard E. Caldwell, Los Angeles, California; L. Grant Lofgreen. Ogden; William W.

Terry, Ogden; Basil H. Bertoch, Granger, Utah; Maxim L. Graham, Salt Lake City; Max

K. Kimball, Salt Lake City; A. George Nibley, Los Angeles, California; John S. Tanner,

Provo, Utah; Alcid F. Rothlisberger, Eagar, Arizona.

608 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Scout Work in Interlaken, Switzerland "Scouting is taking a firm hold on the suit, we have won several good friends.

youth in Interlaken, Switzerland. It is We are assisted by a Troop Committee,

also a means of helping to spread the gosand are looking forward to greater repel. Boys from four towns are taking sults from scouting in this part of Switzeran active part in the work, and, as a reland."Henry K. Aebischer.

ftft ## M

Boy Scout Troop No. 4 of the SwissGerman Mission

The Honolulu District After seventyseven years of incessant We also have, among the members of our labor among the peoples of Hawaii, the Church, Chinese, Japanese, Samoans, efforts of our missionaries continue to Filipinos, and Caucasians, all working show encouraging progress and developunitedly together for one great purpose.

ment in every department of our work. The Honolulu district has a membership

The attainment of such progress is made of more than five thousand Saints, all of possible through the faith and cooperawhom live within the confines of the city tion of our Saints in thesie isles of the of Honolulu. We have nine organized

Pacific. Sunday Schools, having a total average

As our work becomes more firmly attendance of approximately one thousand established, we are endeavoring to place members, and holding classes in both Engin the hands of our local brethren responsilish and Hawaiian languages; besides fifbilities which have heretofore been carried teen Primary organizations, three Relief

by our elders from Zion. The plan is Societies, and three.Mutual Improvement

proving to be a judicious one, and the Associations.

brethren are accepting their new duties Please accept our hearty thanks and apwith a zeal and interest which promises preciation for the Improvement Era. It

continued success. Nor have our labors is invaluable to us in our work. Ralph

been confined to the native Hawaiians. S. Roberts, district president.

Missionaries: 1. Ralph S. Roberts, district president; 2. Wm. M. Waddoups, mission president; 3. Olivia S. Waddoups, president mission Relief Societies; 4. Walter E. Gronlund,

mission secretary; 5. Freda Linnebach, mission nurse; 6. Wm. A. Beazer; 7. Jessie M.

Elliott, president mission Y. L. M. I. A.; 8. J. W. L. McGuire, local; 9. RoUow C.

Kimball; 10. Wilford W. Burt; 11. Charlotte R. Hunter; 12. Almon B. Bate; 13. Jean C.

Nielsen; 14. M. Prentice Leonard; 15. Fisher J. Smith; 16. E. Dilworth Chamberlain;

17. Ellis F. Johnson; 18. LaVanda Mattice; 19. Lyman A. Parcell; 20. Virginia Ashton,

Center: Temple and grounds at Laie, Oahu.

A Marvelous Work and a Wonder Extracts from President Heber J. Grant's Opening Address at the

Ninetyeighth General Conference, Salt Lake Tabernacle,

Friday, April 6, 1928.

It is certainly an inspiring sight to see "For behold the field is white already to this magnificent audience in attendance here harvest; and lo, he that thrusteth in his sickle

with his might, (the same layeth up in store this morning, at the ninetyeighth annithat he perisheth not, but bringeth salvation to versary of the birth of the Church. When his soul;

I contemplate the fact that just a handful "And faith, hope, charity and love, with an of people were in the Church ninetyeight eye single to the glory of God. qualify him for

years ago (the organization was effected the work.

with six members) and that now there are "Remember faith, virtue, knowledge, temover half a million members of the Church perance, patience, brotherly kindness, godliness, charity, humility, diligence.

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, I am "Ask, and ye shall receive; knock, and it

reminded of the very wonderful revelation shall be opened unto you."

given to the father of the prophet (Doc.

and Cov. section 4), over a year before This audience testifies to the fact that

the organization of the Church: a marvelous work and a wonder has been

established. It testifies to the diligence of

"Now behold, a marvelous work is about forth, by the thouto come forth among the children of men. those who have gone

"Therefore, O ye that embark in the service sands and tens of thousands, during the of God, see that ye serve him with all your last ninetyeight years, proclaiming the heart, might, mind and strength, that ye may gospel in all parts of the world. I feel

stand blameless before God at the last day.

"Therefore, if ye have desires to serve God that we have great cause to be grateful for ye are called to the work; the blessings of the Lord to us as a people.

The Prophet Joseph Smith I was profoundly impressed this mornshould have accomplished what be did in less ing in listening to the congregation sing, than forty years, unless there were some great "We thank thee, O God, for a Prophet."reason for it? "Let any one. even a literary genius, after

I am sure that whenever we, as Latterday forty years of life, try to write a companion

Saints, sing this hymn our minds go back volume to the Book of Mormon, and then, to the time when it was written, and we almost daily for a number of years, give out think of the marvelous and wonderful 'revelations'by the score that internally harmonize one with another, at the same time, work accomplished by the Prophet Joseph formulate a system of doctrine for a new

Smith. church, introduce many new principles, resusSpeaking of the Prophet Joseph, an citate extinct priesthoods, and formulate a syseminent writer refers to him in the followtem of church government which has no

superior on earth.ing language:

"Would he succeed in making the system "Yet he being dead yet speaketh. The work coherent? Could he influence scores of inbe began has never ceased. telligent, wise, thoughtful, educated, religiously

"Who can explain Joseph Smith? What trained men, like John Taylor. Dr. Richards,

are 'revelations from God'? What is theii and scores of others, besides attracting thou

test? Is it not beyond all reason that a lad sands to the fold of his church, as did Joseph

born of poor parents, devoid of any save the Smith? Even if one were assured that the

commonest education, too poor to buy books, prophet was an imposter, that does not lessen

EDITOR'S TABLE 611

the marvel. The mystery, the riddle, the probever he may be accounted for by the reasoning

lem, is even greater than before. * * mind, Joseph Smith, the 'Mormon'prophet,

"I offer no explanation. * * * was one of the wonders of his time. That

'To deny such a man a wonderful power he is not an enigma to his followers (as he over the human heart and intellect is absurd. certainly is to his critics) is only another proof

Only fanatical prejudice can ignore it. Howof his wonderfulness."

Marvelous Accomplishments I will read a part of section 135, Doctrine and Covenants, and many other wise trine and Covenants: documents and instructions for the benefit of

the children of men; gathered many thousands

"To seal the testimony of this book and of the Latterday Saints, founded a great city, and left a fame and name that cannot be slain.the Book of Mormon, we announce the martyrHe lived great, and he died great in the eyes ofdom of Joseph Smith the prophet, and Hyrum God and his people; and, like most of theSmith the patriarch. They were shot in Lord's anointed in ancient times, has sealed

Carthage jail, on the 27th of June, 1844. * * his mission and his works with his own blood

"Joseph Smith, the prophet and seer of the and so has his brother Hyrum. In life they

Lord, has done more, save Jesus only, for were not divided, and in death they were not the salvation of men in this world, than any separated!

other man that ever lived in it. In the short "When Joseph went to Carthage to deliver

space of twenty years, he has brought forth himself up to the pretended requirements of the Book of Mormon, which he translated by the law, two or three days previous to his the gift and power of God, and has been the assassination, he said: 'I am going like a

means of publishing it on two continents: has lamb to the slaughter; but I am calm as a

sent the fulness of the everlasting gospel, which summer's morning; I have a conscience void

it contained, to the four quarters of the earth; of offense towards God, and towards all men

has brought forth the revelations and com- I shall die innocent, and it shall yet be said mandments which compose this book of Docof was murdered in cold blood.'"me—he

Another Temple Dedicated I rejoice in the testimony of the gospel tions and having interviews of a favorable of the Lord Jesus Christ. During the last character. In addition, the president of the

year, it has fallen to my lot to have the Church and some of those who were at privilege of visiting from here to New the dedicatory services were invited to meet

York, and in the northern section of the with the legislature that was then in sescountry, and to have the blessed privilege sion, and the president of the senate made of going into Arizona and there dedicating some very complimentaiY remarks regardone more temple to the Most High God. ing the splendid of the finest edifice—one

I rejoice in the rich outpouring of the buildings in Arizona. He also compliSpirit of the Lord that was enjoyed by mented the people themselves on their inthose of us who had the opportunity of tegrity and their remarkable accomplishattending the dedicatory services of that ments in that section of the country. I

temple. I rejoice exceedingly in the recould not but contemplate the difference

markable publicity that was given to us by in conditions as compared with the time the newspapers of Arizona. Never in the when there was a feeling of animosity,

history of the Church has there ever been almost of hatred, existing in the minds of manifest a more friendly feeling toward the people of the state of Arizona regardthe Latterday Saints by those not of us ing the Latterday Saints. I rejoiced in

than was exhibited by the good people of being able to pay tribute, in answer to the

Arizona. They devoted page after page of speech by the president of the senate, to

their papers to an account of the erection the senators of the United States from of the temple, in publishing a sermon upon Arizona and their defense of the "Morthe vicarious labor for the dead by Elder mon"people, and their uniform testimony

Joseph Fielding Smith, in giving illustraof the integrity and devotion of our people.

Another Sacred Spot Secured Within a short time the Church has chase embraces the farm where the hill purchased the Hill CumorahThe purstands, and the adjoining farm, which, 612 IMPROVEMENT ERA

together with one that we had already purhave the house and farm of Peter Whitchased, including a part of the hill, gives mer, where the Church was born. We

us now the entire possession of the Hill now have the Palmyra home. We have

Cumorah. I know that the hearts of the nearly all of the spots that are sacred in

Latterday Saints thrilled with pride when the history of the Church; and we rethe announcement was made that we had joice in the financial condition of the

secured this property. We now have the Church whereby we have been able to achome where the prophet was born, and complish these things.

have erected a monument there. We now

Time For Temple Work I rejoice in the temple work that is months, in going to the temple twice a now done, and I wish to ask the Saints week, and when I can do so I go more to try to shape their affairs so that they than twice a week, so as to make up for can, occasionally, go to the temple. For the time when I am absent from the city.

years I felt that I was too busy to find a Up to the first day of April, I had endowday or an evening In which to go to the ments to my credit of more than two a temple. A little over a year ago I made week for this year. We can generally do

up my mind that, by planning my affairs, that which we wish to do. A young man

by staying away from lectures or concerts can find an immense amount of time to or theatres or operas, that I could go to spent with his sweetheart; he can arrange

the temple at least once every week and his affairs to do that. We can arrange

have ordinances performed in behalf of our affairs to get exercise in the shape of some of my loved ones who had passed golf and other things; we can arrange our

away. By making up my mind that I affairs to have amusements; and, if we

could do this, I had no difficulty whatmake up our minds to do so, we can arever in going through the temple once a range our affairs to do temple work, judgweek during the entire year. Starting this ing from my own experience of the lastyear, I felt that, by a little extra effort,

fifteen months.I could go twice a week, and I have had

no difficulty in doing this. True, I have T pray that the Lord will inspire each

had to miss, perhaps, an opera or theatre or and all of us to greater diligence in persome other function at which I should like forming, to the full extent of our ability, to have been presient, but I have had no the duties and the labors that devolve upon difficulty whatever, during the past three us in doing vicarious work for our dead.

The Hearts of the Children Turning

A very wonderful declaration was made and conferred upon them all the keys of by Moroni to the Prophet Joseph Smith, all the dispensations of the gospel that have one hundred and five years ago this comever existed upon the earth.

ing September: "And he shall plant in the hearts of the

"Behold, I will reveal unto you the Priestchildren the promises made to the fathers, and hood, by the hand of Elijah the prophet, bethe hearts of the children shall turn to their fore the coming of the great and dreadful day fathers.

of the Lord.""If it were not so, the whole earth would

And the priesthood, with all its powers, be utterly wasted at its coming."

rights and privileges, has been restored to No more wonderful thing has ever been us. Elijah has come. I will not take your accomplished in the history of the world

time to read from the 1 1 0th section of than the turning of the hearts of the chilthe Doctrine and Covenants, which dedren to their fathers. From the day this

clares that the Savior appeared to Joseph message was declared by Moroni to the

Smith and to Oliver Cowdery, and that Prophet Joseph, men and women all over

Moses, and Elias, and Elijah also appeared the world have been organizing societies,

EDITOR'S TABLE 613

hunting up their ancestors, and compiling use for it."The Latterday Saints value

genealogical records of their families. Milbooks of that kind beyond price or money,

lions of dollars have been expended for and when we seek earnestly, year after these purposes. I have spoken to, and year, to gain knowledge regarding those of

heard many times of, men who have spent our family who have passed away without large sums of money to compile a record a knowledge of the gospel, I am sure the of their forefathers, and, after it was comLord blesses us in obtaining it. There

piled, when asked why they did it, they is a little account of a remarkable and said: "I do not know; I was seized with wonderful blessing bestowed in connection

an irresistible desire to compile that recwith the ancestors of my wife which is ord and to spend money freely to do it. contained in the last issue of the GenealogNow that it is compiled, I have no special ical Magazine.

A Humble Prayer That the Lord may bless you and me Smith was his prophet, so to order our and every soul that has an abiding testilives that our light, shining forth through mony of the divinit'y of the gospel in the example of our lives, may bring those which we are engaged, to whom he has who know not the truth to a knowledge of given a knowledge that he lives and that the gospel, is my humble prayer, and I ask

Jesus is the Son of the Living God, the it in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ,

Redeemer of the world, and that Joseph our Redeemer. Amen.

Books History of the Teton Valley, by B. W, the valley from the beginning, the InDriggs, isi an interesting recent volume, dians and early trappers, the subject matter

from the press of The Caxton Printers, treats the many noted characters who

Ltd., Caldwell, Idaho. The frontispiece

played so important a part in bringing theis a "Closeup view of Teton peaks;"the

its present state of fertilitybook contains sixteen other attractive ilTeton Valky to lustrations. Besides the development of and home attractiveness.

The Richest City in the World

A recent visitor to this city, conducted to the station by an old resident, remarked to his host: "Well, friend, I must congratulate you on having the richest city in the

world.""The richest city in the world!"replied his friend. "I have heard it said that

we have the prettiest city in the world, but you are the first to say it is the richest."

"Well,"said the tourist, "I guess it is, for in talking over business conditions

I have asked several men the question: Can you make a living here? and the reply

has been, in most instances: 'Yes, we have enough for our needs.'I never met a

man anywhere else, from New York to San Francisco, who had enough for his needs, so I guess you must have the richest city in the world."

One of the fruits of the gospel is joy, and this brings contentment and gratitude for the good things we receive from the Lord, and this is true riches.

At! matters pertaining to the Aaconic Priesthood in this department are prepared under the

direction of the Presiding Bishopric.

Organizing the Quorum for Service

The new era confronting the priesthood spective assignments with a determination of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterthat breeds success; and this has been passed

day Saints—thc new era characterized by on, in turn, to every member of the quogreater activity on the part of all quorums, rum, with the result that there is unity of

whether from the viewpoint of class work purpose and concerted, effective action in in auxiliaries, of quorum affairs proper, all matters coming before the group.

or of service to the Church—-this new era The fundamental basis of the quorum's

finds the 64th Quorum of Seventy, not activities is the belief that every quorum on!y rejoicing at the prospect of greater should have something to an do—that

opportunity, but already organized and idle quorum is not only a useless, but prepared to discharge fully its responsipotentially a dangerous, unit in the priestbilities. Indeed, it may be said that this hood. It is vital to the priesthood that it

quorum, for several months past, has been be kept active; to allow any quorum to

actively promoting a program entailing the stagnate is to invite decay.

essentials of the plan presented in Nibley Motivated by this belief, the 64th QuoHall by Elder David O. McKay, addressing rum did not await the assignment of tasks

the joint meeting of priesthood quorums to be performed by it; rather, it stepped

from Oneida, Benson, Cache, Logan, forward and requested that its bishops and

Hyrum and Bear River stakes. In antiits stake presidency give it something concipating this commendable development in structive to do. It went even further than

the affairs of the priesthood, the 64th this: It came forward with the declaraQuorum of Seventy lays no unwarranted tion that it was organized and ready to

claim to distinction; but it is happy in the render service, that it was already in acbelief that to all quorums has now come tion, so far as concerned its internal affairs,

the opportunity to serve in a manner conand that it was eagerly seeking other tasks ducive to as much satisfaction as has been to which it might apply itself.

realized by the members of this particular These requests, naturally enough, met group. with willing response. That the response

The Cache stake presidency, having was not so ready as we might have wished recognized the unusual interest and acit to be is pardonable, in view of the fact tivity of this quorum, hasi requested that that bishops and stake presidents are not

I discuss its plan of organization and the accustomed to having priesthood quorums scope of its activities. In responding to coming to them in quest of work. It took

this request, I desrie to make clear at the a little time for our brethren to sense our outset the fact that the success of the 64th earnestness, and to recover from the severity

Quorum of Seventy is due, in large measof the first shock of our requests. But a

ure, to the foresight and enthusiastic favorable response was forthcoming, and leadership of our senior president. Brother the quorum now is rapidly finding its place

Edgar Everton, whose ability in this field in ward and stake affairs and there is a was recognized even before he came to the growing readiness on the part of presidpresidency, and is appreciated more and ing officers to assign to the quorum tasks more as, one after another, his proposals which demand attention and close appliare put into effect. Fired by his concation.

tagious zest for the work that has been Since the present activities of the 64th undertaken, the other six presidents of Quorum of Seventy really had their bethe quorum have taken hold of their reginning in the Logan Ninth ward, it is

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS 615

well that the Ninth ward unit be used to That these seventies possess underillustrate the plan of quorum organization standing of human reactions is shown by and to show how it functions. It will the fact that they early appreciated the

be easier then to see how this plan is need of social activities in quorum affairs.

carried over into the quorum as a whole, Occasional relaxation, induced by some and to appreciate its potential value. social event, affords necessary relief from

constant application to duty. Hence, proFirst of all, it was decided that the

Ninth ward seventies should adopt the vision has been made whereby the Ninth ward seventies, at times, may assemble,project plan of work; that is, the work

with their wives and sweethearts, for eveshould be organized on a project basis and the socialdifferent members of the quorum assigned nings given to pleasure. And

activities thus engendered are projected onthe responsibility of advancing the purpose exactly the same basis as the other projectsof each project. With this plan in mind,

outlined. Just as a committee has beenthese seventies looked about them for duties

assigned to look after missionary parties;that might be taken up on the project

just as another committee has been asbasis. What were some of the things

signed the task of maintaining the choirbothering the bishop which might just as membership, and just as another has beenwell be taken over by the seventies? Well,

given the responsibility of attendance atfor one thing, there was the matter of lesser priesthood meetings, so a fourthhandling missionary farewell parties; and

committee is detailed to provide social the parties given to returning missionaries.

needs. In this manner, the entire programThen there was the ever recurring problem

of the ward seventies is so distributed as toof keeping up the membership of the ward give every member an opportunity to keep choir; surely the bishop would gladly be

active, and, thereby, interested in his relieved of this duty. And what of encalling.couraging the lesser priesthood in more

With the recent complete reorganizationregular attendance at priesthood meetings?

of the 64th Quorum, it was natural and

It was perfectly obvious that there logical that Brother Everton should be set were many tasks awaiting the applicaapart as senior president; and it was certion of sincere effort. So, without further tain, also, that, once he had been given

ado, the seventies approached their bishop this larger task to perform, he would set and requested that he turn over to them all himself to expanding on a quorum basis missionary parties, the problem of memthe plan which has proved so successful bership in the ward choir, and other matin the Ninth ward. Consequently, reters as they might arise. organization had scarcely been effected

You may imagine how their bishop felt before the presidents of the quorum were toward these eager seventies. It would called together to consider ways and means

not have been surprising had he embraced of making the 64th Quorum function as them! Certainly, he and his counselors it was agreed it should function in the

were not disposed to withhold the asaffairs of its four wards, the 9th, 4th and signments; and ever since that time the 3rd wards of Logan and the Benson ward.

seventies have conducted every missionary Frank discussion led to the decision that, party in the Ninth ward and have mainso far as concerned the quorum itself, all tained a good membership in the choir. activities should be grouped under at least

Acting under instructions issued subsefour main heads, as Membership, Finance, quently, they have also lent consistent Social and Music. It was further decided

encouragement to the lesser priesthood in that, in each of the four wards represented, increasing attendance at regular meetings. ward activities should be undertaken in

In a number of other ways, equally effecmuch the same way as they had been astive service has been rendered; and, what sumed in the 9th ward. And, in order

is of perhaps greatest importance, the to unify the organization of the quomembers of the quorum have found life rum, it was agreed that each ward should and purpose in their calling. appoint a membership committee, a fi616 IMPROVEMENT ERA

nance committee, a social committee and a words, if the seventy himself is unable to music committee, the chairman of each of preach, let him preach by proxy.

these committees to be dealt with directly Not wishing to evade the responsibility by that president of the quorum who had of their calling, but being unable, in most been appointed chairman of the correscases, Ito serve as preachers of the gospel, ponding quorum committee. Thus, there the seventies of the 64th Quorum have

was set up an organization which permits decided that they will maintain a missionof ready and free action in all matters the ary fund to be used, as wisdom dictates, in quorum undertakes. support of missionary work. To this end,

In the matter of membership, for exthey re pledging themselves to contribute ample, the quorum chairman on memberregularly to this fund, in amounts proporship, deals directly with each ward chairtionate to their ability to pay. And it

man on membership; and he is able is the duty of our quorum chairman of

promptly to get action when it comes to finance to see that these contributions arc insuring attendance at quorum meetings, forthcoming and that the missionary fund representation in temple work, and so on. is properly administered.

In the same manner, it is possible for the Another provision of the quorum is quorum chairman of finance, to get action that a specified amount; namely $2.00 a

through the respective ward chairmen; and year for each member, be used to defray

for the quorum chairman of social accurrent expenses which, plainly, are intivities, to stimulate action in either ward evitable if the desired social and fraternal or quorum affairs. Likewise, the quofunctions and obligations of the quorum

rum chairman of music, through the are discharged.

various ward chairmen, has been able to The ease with which the 64th Quorum assemble our male chorus, of more than can fit into the proposed plan of priesttwenty voices, which has so well enterhood, activity is apparent. We have our

tained on many occasions. quorum organized for just the kind of

In addition to maintaining this more or service that, henceforth, shall be expected less fixed form of organization, each presof every branch of the priesthood. Our

ident is expected to encourage, in his ward, membership committee, functioning as many additional activities as possible, through the senior president of the quoso that there shall always be enough work rum, is already in a position to stimulate in prospect to keep every member of the attendance at auxiliary and at weekly and quorum active. monthly quorum meetings. Our finance

The purpose of the membership, social committee already is laying a foundation and music committees has already been infor even greater activity; and our social

dicated; but the major purpose of the and music committees are prepared to sugfinance committee probably should be gest and help promote ways of providing

clarified. It is well understood that one for the social and musical requirements.

of the primary duties of a seventy is to Moreover, in the various wards, the quopreach the gospel. It is equally well unrum is already organized to receive inderstood by most seventies that this duty structions and assignments from the

is extremely difficult of performance. bishops, and to carry these assignments to

Comparatively, few seventies have been completion.

able to discharge this responsibility as they While, doubtless, there are other and would like to do. Seventies, as a rule, are better ways to organize a quorum of the

young men with families, and with inpriesthood for service, the plan upon comes usually little more than adequate for which the 64th Quorum of Seventy is their family needs. It is seldom that a organized is proving successful; and this

seventy finds himself in a position that plan may serve to indicate how other would warrant his serving in the capacity quorums may be brought up to that stage of a missionary. This being true, the of efficiency wherein they may be most

next best thing is for him to help another valuable in furthering the great work of person to preach the gospel. In other the Church. P. V. Cordon. Logan, Utah.

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS 617

Aaronic Priesthood Day On May 15, this year, it will be 99 To accomplish this, active quorum memyears since John the Baptist conferred the bers should be assigned to do missionary

Aaronic Priesthood upon Joseph Smith and work with inactive members between now

Oliver Cowdery. For many years, the First and that date. Acting teachers may lend

Presidency of the Church have requested encouragement in the home during their ward and stake officials to observe the Sabregular monthly visit. Special seats should

bath nearest this day as a time for special be reserved for all members of the Aaronic consideration of Aaronic priesthood activpriesthood quorums.

ities. This year, on May 13, it is desired One of our educators has said. "One

that the sacramental meeting be given to of the great Jpurposes of Priesthood study the consideration of Aaronic Priesthood is to increase the faith in the divine mission work, and that the meeting be conducted of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterand the program given, as far as possible, day Saints. But just what does that

by young men holding this Priesthood. phrase 'increase our faith'mean to each of

The program for this meeting should be us.'* Does it mean a deeper, wider, more

carefully worked out, and assignment of sympathetic comprehension of the plan of subjects made to priests, teachers and salvation? Does it mean a warmer, less

deacons in ample time for them to prepare selfish love toward God and toward our properly. In the past, singing has been fellowmen? Does it signify a more enerdone largely by these young men, who have getic doing, as well as a more ardent feelbeen carefully trained before hand. The ing? Surely, true faith can mean nothing

subjects assigned have had a bearing on short of all these things. Grounded in the

the history, authority and possibilities of deep soil of intellect, it grows luxuriant in the Aaronic Priesthood, each ward being the foliage and effervescence of the emoleft to work out its program in a manner tions, only to culminate in the ripened best suited to the local conditions. A speseed, represented by the activity of the

cial effort should be made to have 'every will."In the young men of the Church

individual in each ward who holds the beginning their career, this thought should

Aaronic Priesthood present at this meeting. be firmly implanted.

Hurrah for the Deacons!

As evidence of the practical service ren- "Hurrah for the boys they call deacons and dered by the deacons in many wards and scouts. Bless them for the good they do.

stakes throughout the Church, and as When our task seems hardest and weeds thick an example for others to emulate, we pubin the row, the dear boys come and make it lish a letter received by H. Eugene Hughes, easy to hoe. When we get sick, they tome

leader of the deacons in the Spanish Fork with a helping hand. So, dear Lord, bless

Second ward. It was written by a local the boys, that women may be proud they are

widow whom the deacons had assisted. the mothers of such good, charitable men."

Field Notes

secure In the more compact wards the bishopric Ward Teaching. Fremont Stake—To

more effective ward teaching, a stake comand the ward teachers meet at the chapel in the mittee, of seven men, has been appointed to evening for prayer and instructions. In the

supervise generally the work of ward teaching scattered wards two places are designated for in the fourteen wards. This committee prethis preliminary meeting.

pares the monthly messages and makes proIf. for any reason, they are unable to do

vision for anything the bishopric of any ward all of the ward teaching that evening, the may wish to present. remainder of the teaching is done immediately

The second Wednesday of each month is following the monthly teachers'report meeting.

set apart for ward teaching. Each pair of

is in touch with all the teachers is assigned from three to six families. The committee

The members of the various wards are revarious wards each month, and assists the quested to reserve this evening for ward teachbishoprics in promoting promptness and thoring. oughness in ward teaching.

June Conference The annual conference of the Mutual less, a number of changes will be introImprovement Associations of the Church duced into the M. I. A. program. These

will be held in Salt Lake City on Friday, will affect, in whole or part, the entire

Saturday and Sunday, June 8, 9, 1 0. proceedings of the conference, so that it

Because of the new Priesthood-M. I. A. will be a most important gathering for all

plan which has been inaugurated by the M. I. A. workers. We look forward to

General Authorities of the Church, doubtan unusually large attendance.

Special Instruction for M. I. A. Officers

In the new arrangement under the mittee, it becomes the work of the entire

Priesthood-M. I. A. plan, the character of organization. The Community Activity

the work, particularly of the Young Men's Committee, as indicated in the new outMutual Improvement Association, has line, may be made up largely of the memchanged considerably. We have found it bers of the present Recreation Committee.

necessary, therefore, to rearrange our work The personnel of the Adult Committee and committees, and we are publishing may be the same as the Advanced Senior herewith a diagram showing the new comCommittee. The other committees, permittees and their new assignments. haps, are well understood by you.

We are sending this out to the field at Under our new assignment, and in our this time to call attention to the need of new relationship with the Priesthood work, having, as far as possible, from each stake it is very important that we have a good and ward, a representative of your organ'representation at our coming conference, izations in attendance at the June Conferthat the full details of our program may be ence (June 8-9-10), where departmental thoroughly understood by our workers.

work in these new fields, under the new If further information is needed, we committee assignments, will be taken up. shall be pleased to cooperate with you,

Great care should be exercised in getting and we shall be pleased also to hear from the right person for the right position. you and know that you have gone forSince the M. I. A. is now responsible ward with this new work.

for the direction of the leisuretime and General Superintendency and recreational program of the Church, inPresidency M. I. A.

stead of leaving that work to one comNOTES {See diagram on opposite page)

The director of music of the Y. M. M. I. A. and of the Y. L. M. I. A. to plan and conduct the music

of the M. I. A. They and a like officer of the Primary Association to be a committee for general

recreational music. These representatives form a part of the General Committe of stakes and wards.

**The Friday evening program is a part of the general leisuretime and recreation program, and is, therefore, under the general direction of the executive officers. The group or groups assigned by the

Administrative Committee to feature the specific events will be held responsible for the immediate leadership of the same; for example, mass activity for the ward. Community Activity Committee; events for

M Men and Gleaners, M Men and Gleaner Committees, etc.

girls, the fM Men and Gleaners constitute the late adolescent group; older Scouts and Junior

middle adolescent group; Scouts and BeeHive girls, the early adolescent group.

JThe leisuretime and recreation program for children (those under M. I. A. age) is to

be the work of the Primary Association; this organization to cooperate with the M. I. A. in this

division of the general leisuretime and recreation program of the Church.

.

PLAN OF ORGANIZATION FOR M. 1. A. OFFICERS AND COMMITTEES

IN STAKES AND WARDS 1 To study and corADMINISTRA- relate the general

TIVE field of leisure time COMMITTEE and recreation.

(Executive of- 2. To consider and asficers and memsist in carrying forbers of all comward the program

mittees.) suggested by the executive officers.

to be Work. To study the field C 1 planned

and give supervision and to the following: executed by

the executive (a) Annual comofficers: munity project.

1. Organization COMMUNITY (b) Reading program. and MemberACTIVITY

recship. COMMITTEE -< (c) Homereation. 2. Finance and (Two or more

Publication. members of each (d) Ward mass ac- 3. Monthly Sunorganization.) tivities—dancday Evening ing, dramatics,

motion pictures, Joint Sessions.

ward reunions, 4. Sunday Evening of Stake carnivals, festivals, excursions, Quarterly

Conferences. etc.

5. Slogan. 1. To study the field

and carry forward:

eve- (a) Tuesday EXECUTIVEM. I. A. ning program; OFFICERS ADULT

Responsible COMMITTEE (b) Annual project; for with whom are leisurethe time members of (Two associated event (c) Annual recreationand organization.) each THE for the Fridayprogram of the OIRECTORS night program;

Church. OF MUSIC* (d) Reading

program.

M MEN COMMITTEE! (A supervisor or < leader.) GLEANERS Work to be COMMITTEEt recommended OLDER to the SCOUTS Administrative COMMITTEEt Committee by the (In stakes, a executive officers:

district com- 1. YearRound

missioner; in

Recreation wards, a scout Program.

master.) (Friday JUNIOR GIRLS evening**) 2. Conferences. COMMITTEEt

3. Conventions. BOY SCOUTS

4. Contests. COMMITTEEt

(In stakes, a district commissioner; in

wards, a scout master.) BEEHIVE GIRLS COMMITTEEt CHILDt

(5f "Notes"on preceding page) 620 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Report on AprilMay Program It will be greatly appreciated if all whether the groups arc divided according stake Y. M. M. I. A. superintendents will to these activity interests or whether the

report to the General Office, before June former class organization was preserved.

conference, the methods followed and the Special difficulties, if any, and special acresults achieved in regard to the activities complishments should be mentioned. Such

outlined for April and Ma'y. The report a report will be helpful to the general

should state the; subjects selected and committees in planning future programs.

Efficiency Report for April and May

Where M. I. A. officers are prevented, meet at some other time. Where this is

through the new priesthood plan, from done, they may score ten on item No. 1

holding their regular preliminary seven of the Efficiency Report.

o'clock meeting, it will be necessary to

PlayWriting Contest The General Boards of M. I. A. anThe prizewinning plays are to become

nounce a contest in the writing of a onethe property of the General Boards. All

act play. other manuscripts will be returned or ar1st prize $50.00; rangements made for their purchase. Manu2nd prize $25.00. scripts must be submitted not later than

The offer is open to all. No limitaDecember 31, 1928. The play should be

tion is made as to subject matter, but we unsigned and accompanied by a sealed ensuggest a careful consideration of the velope containing the name and address of numerous dramatic events in the history the author and the title of the play. Adof the Latterday Saint people or a theme dress: General Board Y. M. M. I. A., 47

dealing with the ideals of the Church. E. South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah.

NiBLEY Ward Advanced Seniors The Mutual Improvement Associations bers and "possible members"of the class.

of the Nibley ward, Hyrum stake, appreThe hall was appropriately decorated, and ciate the support and cooperation they after listening to an excellent program, are (receiving from their Advanced Senior refreshments and dancing were enjoyed by department. more than eighty Advanced Seniors.

During the month of February, this The final feature of the month was the department featured its work and activities, entertainment held on the evening of Febas outlined by the General Board, under ruary 28, with an attendance of one hunthe direction of very able leaders. Interdred twentyfive. Members of the class

esting preliminary programs for the Tuespresented a delightful program, consisting day night meetings were furnished. of readings, music, speeches, and a muchOn the evening of February 22, 1928, appreciated oneact comedy by six male

a patriotic social was given for the memmembers.

Voices From the Dust fuller knowledge A beautiful Book of Mormon pageant, slogan, "We stand for a entitled "Voices From the Dust,"was preof the Book of Mormon and a testimony sented by M. I. A. members and seminary of its divine origin."Aside from thj

students, March 11, at the Gunnison stake lasting impression it made, its outstanding

M. I. A. conference. The purpose of the accomplishment was the establishment of a

of pageant was to stimulate interest in the new record in attendance, nearly 5 1 %

MUTUAL WORK 621

the total stake enrollment being present. ent LeRoy Whitehead said: "Wc are goElder Richard R. Lyman, of the Council ing 100% strong and feel that we have

of the Twelve, and Assistant General Sudeveloped a corps of workers that cannot perintendent Y. M. M. L A., gave an address on "Courtship."In reporting the be duplicated, for efficiency and faithfulsuccess of their efforts. Stake Superintendness, anywhere else in the Church."

Basketball Leads in M Men Activities

During the last year, under the general young men who reformed their lives in direction of the Senior Department of the order to live up to the ideals and stand-

Y. M. M. L A., there was conducted ards of their associates who were partithroughout the Church a large number of cipating.

M Men activities, the most important of At the interdivision basketball tourwhich, in point of interest and the number nament for the Salt Lake, Ogden, Provo participating, being basketball. It is estiand Logan districts, held at the Dcscret

mated that between eight and ten thouGymnasium, March 10, the Provo First sand y.oung men took part in this activity. ward M Men team scored first place;

A set of rules was carefully formulated while the North Ogden ward M Men team to govern these various events; and many were declared the winners in sportsmaninspirational stories have come to us of ship.

Provo First Ward M Men, Utah Stakh

Winners of the interdivision basketball tournament for the Salt Lake, Ogden,

Provo and Logan districts.

iwi 5H(f S tt

1 jlvAfi|P>*:iiwSi.,1.f -

r-*!'* J-.:.... pl f. \ - - M- 11 1 f

j-i k. >n< 'vXi3p.

%. IPY

*11. <i '-i

North Ogden Ward M Men. Ogden Stake

Winners in Sportsmanship at the Salt Lake, Ogden, Provo and Logan districts interdivision basketball tournament.

Records Worthy of Mention "To be sure, we are converted to Muson, Harold, counselor in the ward Y. M.

tual work,"says Martin Christenscn, of the M. L A. presidency, are all Life Members.

Grant ward, Cottonwood stake. He was In one of the rural wards of the Rooseamong those who subscribed to the first velt stake is a family in which Mutual Imvolume of the Improvement Era, and has

provement has become an idealism in acbeen a subscriber ever since. One of his

cherished possessions is the first twelve voltion; and their activities, a vital force and

umes of the Era, bound. When asked to inspiration to others. John A. Olscn and

furnish 39 subscriptions, while he was his two sons, Clifford and Glen D.. are all

president of the Y. M. M. L A., his ward Life Members in the Y. M. M. I. A., Glen

furnished 74, going "over the top"nearly paying for his membership, from his own 200%. Besides being a Life Member of earnings, when only twelve years of age.

the Y. M. M. L A. himself, his son, ElThe father is a member of the High Counmer, now on a mission in Germany; his cil Y. M. M. I. A. Advisory committee,

son, Rulon, first counselor in the ward and the mother is a member of the Y. L.

Sunday School superintendency. and his M. I. A. stake board.

New Superintendent Clyde Randall Richards, Morgan, Utah, of the Y. M. M. I. A. in the Morgan

was recently set apart as superintendent stake, vice Wm. R. Eddington.

MUTUAL WORK 623

Y. M. M. I. A. Statistical Report, March, 1928

.s 1

.0 2 '5k4 c 1 11

STAKE 2 CO "ca "c3 2 W o S a 5 C c 13un u 6 J u. T3cn

.2 -0 q c c - -o 2 2.2? > 2 11 6Z O J < m g c h 0 < < Jo < h

Alpine. 1000 18 13 140 175 331 335 981 71 46 81 128 327

Bear River 480 13 7 56 36 64 78 234 38 28 30 55 151

Benson 760 14 10 101 179 160 "49 190 679 61 64 61 26 104 316

Box Elder 557 13 13 129 242 227 38 270 906 100 129 231 24 189 673

Cottonwood - 747 10 10 118 125 190 40 320 793 108 90 160 30 220 608

Deseret 521 12 12 114 216 165 20 194 709 78 113 100 15 116 422

Emery 500 9 8 59 63 232 187 541 34 32 88 131 285

Ensign 960 8 8 80 285 267 52 312 996 68 149 108 '18 228 571

Garfield. 310 8 7 54 72 61 23 66 276 38 43 34 27 47 189

Granite 1100 9 9 96 139 280 137 299 951 76 92 153 68 259 648

Grant———-—1400 14 9 88 59 165 66 245 623 76 48 71 80 219 494

Gunnison 279 7 7 64 87 81 107 339 50 38 39 59 186

Juab 333 5 5 50 105 106 102 363 45 65 62 71 743

Liberty 1435 12 12 131 294 290 166 397 1278 110 190 172 101 267 840

Millard - 344 8 5 37 68 95 82 282 25 42 55 64 1 86

Mount Ogden 687 8 7 57 107 117 43 113 437 47 64 53 "34 111 30Q

North Davis 461 7 7 61 60 119 13 166 419 41 17 31 6 100 195

North Sanpete 710 10 7 53 59 144 168 424 36 23 57 102 718 "32 170 449 54 20 50 15 94 733North Weber 636 14 11 77 39 131

Ogden 876 11 11 99 142 238 83 316 878 75 71 109 40 202 497

Oquirrh 483 6 6 65 84 90 25 175 439 50 34 38 13 78 713

Palmyra 475 8 8 73 150 136 26 230 615 41 47 43 7 130 768

Pioneer 746 10 10 92 116 205 55 250 718 71 71 111 27 160 440

Roosevelt 334 12 11 81 144 76 31 144 476 46 97 32 22 71 769

St. George 680 14 11 108 170 122 64 148 612 62 81 46 28 109 326

Salt Lake 1090 13 13 133 205 261 79 333 1011 107 117 144 66 221 655

South Davis 526 8 8 71 95 181 227 574 60 48 100 180 388 "9

South Sevier - 333 8 3 23 33 21 56 142 18 11 13 8 24 74

Tintic - 269 5 3 20 41 16 34 39 150 3 3 1 3 4 14

Tooele. 400 9 8 51 77 100 11 154 393 39 35 44 3 111 232

Uintah—415 10 10 76 124 125 27 168 520 65 83 71 13 110 342

Bear Lake 365 11 8 62 67 70 94 293 41 43 25 55 164

Blackfoot 510 13 7 63 93 58 V9 35 268 9 13 8 3 5 38

Blaine 226 6 3 26 27 26 28 107 19 20 14 5 58

Boise 365 10 9 76 99 80 90 345 65 60 T9 69 233

Burley 318 9 7 46 118 87 13 88! 352 38 33 45 9 52 177

Franklin 434 11 11 95 126 119 13 174 527 66 66 70 7 1311 340

Fremont 662 14 14 122?04 17? 22 186 706 881152 "116 14 1211 491

Idaho—146 7 6 57 37 221 101 511 177 35 20 12 8 401 115

Minidoka 244 8 4 29 59 481 9 57 202 20 20 20 5 24 89

Montpelicr 367 14 10 67 nil 81 7 114 380 42 60 451 3 49 199

Oneida 369 11 9 86 88| 90 1124 388 60 40 48 93 241

Pocatello 552 10 10 98 1131 95 591189 554 69 60 441 16 141! 330

Portneuf. 318 14 8 60 87| 60 13 841 304 44 37 311 9 42 163

Raft River 172 8 4 28 31 13 -- 32I 104 12 11 4 12 39

Risbv 516 13 8 79 111 73 41 63 367 57 77 45 24 33 236

Shelley - 320 9 9 83 117 90 117 407 45 40 41 641 190

Teton 550 8 4 25 14 30 32 26| 127 5 3 2 31 21 15

Yellowstone 377 10 10 7111041 87 --! 811 343 50 641 461 811 241

1 421 186 191 361 23 261104Big Horn 318 6 4 301 681 461

Lethbridge - - 223 9 8 73I104I 68| 221 80 347 571 651 36 151 451218 1158 566 69 851132 1161 402Los Angeles 420 9 9 881107 213

Lyman - 210 6 6 491 89 66 12 861 302 35 651 50 8| 571 215

San Francisco 383 10 10 641 125 83| 30 551 357 46 95 50 21| 371 249 624 IMPROVEMENT ERA

M C

=. fi o 'S STAKE J, - ct9 gjc T) s n < -5 o "E. E a "O C n.ii-n a O C.21-. 13 o 2 2;r "> 2 T3 6 c o c

t55w Z oJj <: ai h O < < < < h

Snowflakc 300 11 8 43 75 18 38 31 205 41 59 16 25 23 164

Star Valley 365 11 9 101 72 117 21 104 415 42 33 41 5 40 61

Taylor 322 6 6 72 108 129 76 90 475 49 60 70 40 70 289

Woodruff. 325 6 6 47 68 61 9 51 236 32 38 33 3 30 136

California Mission 514 25 23 157 230 146 42 158 733 114 186 111 36 97 544

GermanAustrian Mission 721 40 40 247 303 48 286 884 217 260 51 242 770

N. W. States Mission 135 11 5 32 54 79 9 192 31 33 44 6 10 124

Western States Mission 114 7 49 56 100 77 301 44 43 71 18 56 232

Y. M. M. I. A. Efficiency Report, March, 1928

it M

"o

M 8 |s a STAKE w3 v: %4-i c CQ J3 <

S3 bO C5 -g lo o 3 3 s E o -ac > S 1 LL 1"h Alpine 10 5 9 7 10 4 10 6 10 10 81

Bear River 5 10 7 6 6 5 6 6 6 6 63

Benson.. 9 7 7 7 6 5 6 6 7 7 67

Box Elder 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

Cottonwood 10 10 10 10 10 9 9 9 10 10 97

Deseret. 10 9 10 10 9 8 10 10 8 8 92

Emery 10 8 9 8 9 6 6 8 9 9 82 Ensign 10 9 10 10 10 8 8 8 10 10 93

Garfield 9 10 10 8 8 8 10 7 10 10 90

Granite - 9 10 10 9 10 8 6 9 10 10 91

Grant 5 10 10 10 10 10 6 8 10 10 8Q

Gunnison 10 8 10 10 10 8 8 10 6 10 90

J uab 10 10 8 8 10 6 10 8 10 8 88

Liberty 9 10 10 10 10 8 10 10 10 10 97

Millard 8 10 9 7 5 6 5 8 10 10 78

Mount Ogden 6 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 96

North Davis 9 7 9 9 6 6 9 10 8 7 80

North Sanpete 6 8 7 10 7 7 10 6 5 7 73

North Weber—7 8 5 7 7 7 9 10 9 9 78

Ogden 10 9 10 10 10 8 10 9 10 10 96

Oquirrh 9 7 10 10 8 7 8 10 10.10 89

Palmyra 10 7 10 10 9 9 10 10 10 8 93

Pioneer.. 10 9 10 10 9 9 9 6 10 10 92

Roosevelt 10 9 6 4 4 5 8 7 8 7 68

St. George 9 8 9 9 8 8 9 9 9 78

Salt Lake q 10 10 7 1 9 8 10 10 10 10 9i

South Davis 10 10 10 10 1 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

South Sevier. 4 8 4 4 1 3 3 3 6 4 2 41

Tintic 6 1 5 4 1 4 4 4 8 2 4 42

Tooele.... - 10 9 10 5 I 5 5 6 7 7 7 l\

Uintah 10 10 10 10 1 10 10 10 10 9 8 97

Bear Lake. 8 8 6 3 1 4 7 8 8 7 7 66

Blackfoot 5 2 10 10 9 10 8 10 8 9 81

Blaine 5 8 3 2 1 2 1 2 6 3 2 34

Boise 9 10 10 8 1 7 7 9 8 9 8 85

MUTUAL WORK 625

. )i bOc OC 60C n v 4 T3 s sS a STAKE X VI.; o c CQ < o u> C O O S o J3 2 E TS u< "i o 1 3 "-> nj rj y o O O ra

S < cS 00 S:2S UJ U- S h

Burley 10 8 6 8 4 6 8 7 7 4 68

Franklin 10 10 9 8 8 10 9 9 10 9 92

Fremont 10 10 10 10 10 9 10 10 10 10 99

Idaho 10 10 10 8 7 8 9 9 10 10 91

Minidoka 8 6 5 4 5 4 3 5 5 4 49

Montpelier 10 8 6 7 4 5 6 7 6 Sq

Oneida. 10 9 8 8 8 8 8 7 8 6 80

Pocatello - - -. 10 9 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 99

Portneuf 10 8 7 2 5 9 9 8 7 65

Raft River -. -. 6 6 10 2 1 8 10 10 8 61

Rigby. 7 10 6 5 6 9 8 9 6 69

Shelley 10 7 10 8 8 8 10 9 7 10 87

Teton 2 2 5 5 8 10 5 8 3 46 Yellowstone 9 10 8 6 7 9 9 10 10 7 85

Big Horn 6 8 6 10 8 6 6 5 6 6 67

Lethbridge—10 9 9 10 9 8 7 8 10 10 90

Los Angeles..... 10 10 10 10 10 8 10 8 10 10 96

Lyman..... 10 10 10 9 8 9 9 9 7 7 88

San Francisco. 9 10 9 4 9 7 7 7 10 8 80

Snowflake.... 7 10 8 7 8 7 8 10 9 10 84

Star Valley 10 6 7 5 6 7 7 7 7 7 69

Taylor. 10 9 8 10 8 7 10 10 8 10 90

Woodruff 7 9 10 10 8 6 7 10 7 9 83

California Mission 10 10 10 8 9 9 9 9 10 9 93

GermanAustrian Mission 10 10 7 7 3 9 10 2 7 65

Northwestern States Mission.. 10 10 8 1 8 9 9 9 8 8 xo

Western States Mission 10 10 7 6 10 8 9 7 3 /U

Sweet Mother of Mine

So often, when tired and weary,

When days seem so lonely and dreary,

I long for my mother sincerely

And days of my childhood so dear.

I know, though I wander forever.

There's nothing that ever can sever

That love that now binds us together.

That love that is true and sublime.

May God bless you, dear little mother,

For like you there is not another;

No friend true, or sister, or brother.

Can quite take the place that is thine.

Oh. dear gentle mother, with faith so divine.

My own little mother, sweet mother of mine.

Mesa, Arizona Ida R. Alldredgh

Farm Woodlots By William Peterson. Director U. A. C. Experiment Station and

Extension Service When the farms of Utah were first of $3000 or $4000 against the farm. The

settled, there was generally quite an abundtimber has no return value and it is difance of wood, fence posts, and other needed ficult to get a tree taken down for the material close at hand. For the past wood. Had these same trees been hard50 years, this material has been fut conwoods, they could have rendered a better

stantly, and very little phnting done to service, and, at the same age, would have take its place. That farmer who had been considered an asset of probably $20

the foresight, ten to fifteen years ago, to a tree. So, while this farm has had the

plant a woodlot of hardwood trees on his attractions and beauty developed from such farm is especially fortunate. The regretplanting, a great opportunity has been lost

table thing is that there are only few in not planting trees of better quality.

woodlots comparable to the number of There is a big margin in the final value.

farms. If woodlots are planted now, lookThis is cited only as an appeal to the

ing ahead ten or twenty years, it means that farmers to plant trees of wood which will the farm will be more inclusive and more render a real service as fencing and buildself-supporting. In addition to planting ing imaterial in connection with the farm.

a woodlot. trees in great numbers could be There are many trees that will grow

planted along canals, laterals, and fence with little water. Such trees could be

lines. Much of this has been done. When used in great numbers on every farm in

the barren valleys of the state were first the state. Honey locust trees were planted

settled, it was so desirous to have trees on the experimental farm on the Levan that were attractive and trees that would Ridge, in Juab county, some 13 or 14 give shade that little thought was given years ago. These trees had a few buckets

to the type of wood the tree might proof water carried to them when they were duce, the only thought being to have planted. Since that time they have never

something that would be satisfactory as a been watered. They have grown to be

relief from the heat of the summer sun. fine trees and add much attractiveness, in

This experience should teadh that the the way of beauty and shade, to the place.

trees that are to be planted in the state, Several counties in the state are handiif they arc going to give returns, should capped for want of shady groves where be of the better woods. picnics and parties may be held in the

One farmer, unusually aggressive and heat of the summer. Good woodlots will

with a splendid vision, planted a row of serve the purpose and render a real service trees around a 60acrc plat. More than to the community and, at the same time,

400 trees were used in this planting. These develop a Spirit of neighborliness and sotrees are now approximately 30 years ciability which cannot be measured in

old. The planting was entirely of Lomdollars.

bardy poplars. Thirty years approaches Every farmer should think seriously of

the average life pf a Lombardy. Some how he might plant more trees on his

of these trees are dying and have to be farm that will be of definite future use.

removed each year. During years past, The Utah Agricultural College plans to

they have been spoken of as an asset and take advantage, during the coming year, of have made a beauty spot out of the farm the ClarkeMcNary Act, and be the agent which they have surrounded. From a through which the trees might be distribfinancial viewpoint, however, these trees uted at cost to the farmers in the state.

are now at the age where they can be The U. S. Forest Service, the Utah Agriconsidered as a liability of $10 each, and cultural College, and other agencies will

all will have to be removed within the gladly help any farmer to select the type of next 10 or 15 years. This is a liability trees which will best serve his future needs.

xc EVENTS

The Salt Lake Theatre Sold. Mr. F. which is being carved on Stone Mountain,

H. Rcid, president of the Mountain States near Atlanta, Georgia, was unveiled April

Telephone and Telegraph Company, an- 9, 1928, sixtythree years after Appomanounced, April 14, 1928, that the comtox, in the presence of civil and military pariy had purchased the Salt Lake Theatre dignitaries from the North and South. In

for the sum of $200,000, for the purpose the Congressional party was Senator Reed of, ultimately, constructing a large teleSmoot from Utah. Of the magnitude of

phone headquarters on the lot now occuthe scale on which this memorial is being pied by the historic building. The exwrought, an idea may be formed by the

ecutive board of the State Central Comstatement that the image of Gen. Lee's

pany, Daughters of the Utah Pioneers, on historic horse, "Traveler,"measures 175

April 16, 1928, passed a resolution of feet from car tips to tail.

protest against the sale, and expressing a Skull of a Camel Found in Utah. Exwish to purchase the building from, the amination of a camel skull found recently

Telephone Company. in Utah, has led Professor Alfred S.

Captain Edmund Tattle Hulaniski, Romer, paleontologist at the University of

Ogden, died, April 15, 1928, in his home Chicago, to believe that native camels have here, 80 years old. For fortyfive years lived in the western parts of the United

he has been a resident of Ogden. During States in recent times. It has formerly

the Civil War he was known as the youngbeen supposed that that animal became est commissioned officer in the Union extinct about half a million years ago. It

army. He was born in Dowagiac, Mich., is recalled, says an Associated Press disJune 19, 1848. He enlisted in the First patch, that prospectors of the forties

New York marine artillery, July 5, 1862. claimed to have seen queer, camellike,

After serving nine months in North Carhumpless animals in Nevada.

olina, the organization was mustered out America's Peace Plan. Mr. Hugh Gibon account of heavy losses of men. He son, one of the American delegates at the

enlisted in Ballon's Chicago battery, and meeting of the preparatory disarmament was discharged, November 5, 1864, for commission of the League of Nations at disability. He then organized and fiGeneva, presented on March 21, 1928.

nanced the 3 1 2th U. S. Negro artillery, the American proposition for the outwas commissioned as captain in Chicago by lawry of war in all the world. In so

President Lincoln, when still a boy of 16, doing he said: "The American governon November 26, 1864, and was mustered ment believes wholeheartedly that a mulout April 24, 1866. His last service was tilateral treaty outlawing war would be

guarding the people of Kentucky against welcomed by the whole world, and bethe raids of guerrillas. lieves that such a treaty would be more

Chancey M. Depew passed away in New successful in attaining world peace than

York, in his 94th year, after a brief illany scheme of disarmament, however ness, April 5, 1928. He had returned drastic."

from a trip to Florida and suffered from Peace Proposition Turned Down. At

a cold. His condition was not thought the meeting of the preparatory disarmalarming. but pneumonia developed. ament commission at Geneva, March 20.

Depew was famous as an orator. He was 1928, a proposition by the Russian repchairman of the board of directors of the resentative, M. Litvinoff, that the powers

New York Central Railroad, and served disband their armies and navies, was a number of years in the U. S. Senate. turned down. Lord Cushenden. speakThe immense equestrian statue of Robert ing for Great Britain, said the time for

E. Lee, which forms part of the memorial such a radical step bad not yet come. Great

628 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Britain, he said, was willing to abolish were Major General John F. ORyan, S.

submarines and reduce other naval units, Parkes Cadman. Major General Henry T.

and continue the reduction in tonnage. Allen, Henry J. Allen, former governor

Disarmament was reachable, he said, only of Kansas: Harry Emerson Fosdick and

by progressive stages and not by a sudden William Allen White. It favored making

bound. France. Italy and Japan lined up the outlawry of aggressive war a fundaagainst Litvinoff. The representatives of mental principle of international law.

the United States said nothing. Looking for a new planet. The telescope of Lick observatory, of the University Aviators Fly to Death. Second Lieuof California, has for some days beentenant Donald Ferguson Gayer, former

flying instructor in Ohio national guard trained on the sky to locate a new planet and regular army flier, and Marlow Morsaid to have invaded our solar system. It

had not been found on March 31, but rill, an aviator from Provo, crashed to

Professor R. G. Allen, associated director death near Airport, Salt Lake City,

of Lick observatory, said the theory adon March 22, 1928, in the presence of vanced by Professor William H. Pickering,many spectators. According to Leland

former Yale astronomer, that the strangeMadsen. Morrill's partner, he and Morrill

orb had pulled other planets from theirhad come to Salt L.ake with the idea of

purchasing an airplane. They sought a usual orbits, was being investigated.

Sword of Iron in an Indian Mound. Ademonstration, and it was during the

hilt, guard and part of the blade of andemonstration flight that the fatality occurred. Madsen, W. P. Van Fleet, a iron sword were unearthed March 25, near

student flier, and R. Shaffer, also a student Carters, Ga., by Dr. Waren K. Moorehead.

flier, were watching the plane when it head of the department of archaeology of started on its fatal plunge. Clinton McPhillip's academy, Andover, Mass. The

relic was found amid skeletons and cereLean, city salesman for the Air Service and monial objects declared to be of preColum-Survey company, also watched the flight.

bian age, but the sword itself is supposedHe said that the plane seemed to turn over on its wings and then plunge, nose downto be a relic of the famous expedition of

Hernando de Soto through Georgia in ward, to the earth.

1540. In addition to the sword, a num

Terrifying phenomena accompanied an ber of arrow heads and some other war earthquake which shook Smyrna, in Asia implements were found in the mound.

Minor, March 3L 1928. Sixty persons, Captain Wm. M. Keyting, night chief

all Turks, are reported dead in the quake. of police for more than seventeen years,

Witnesses of the disaster say there was a died at his home, 254 West First North play of celestial electricity shortly before St., March 19, at an early hour. He has

the first shock. The waters of the sea been considered a very wealthy policeman,

near the shore rose and whirled and rebut he liked the work, and he was efficient ceded as if boiling over a hot fire in an in the performance of the duties of the open kettle. Terrorstricken inhabitants position he held. He was born in Cleveof the city and suburbs fell to their land, Ohio, in 185 7, and came to Utah

knees in prayer. Then came silence. Next 4 5 years ago. He is survived by two

a tremendous roaring rumble was heard, sons and two daughters. The sons are

greater than thunder. The earth quivered Dr. W. Scott Keyting of Salt Lake and

a moment, then shook and fairly rocked. William F. Keyting, who now lives in

This was the first shock. Eight others California. The daughters are Mrs. J.

followed at short intervals. Marcellus Snow and Ella Keyting.

Urge the Adoption of a Peace Treaty. Northern States Mission. Elder Noah

A group of prominent Americans in a let- S. Pond, first counselor to Pres. Wm. A.

ter to President Coolidge, dated March 18, Hyde of the Pocatello stake, was appointed 1928, urged the government to negotiate a president of the Northern States mission, multilateral treaty outlawing aggressive to succeed Pres. John H. Taylor, who has

war. Among the signatories to the letter held that position since June 30, 1922.

We specialize in making up Stage Curtains and Draperies modern and up to the minute Our work shop is ccjuipped with the very latest appliances C.ill at Z. C. M. I.

Drapery Department Let our Decorator give you an estimate ZCM.T UNIT SETCYCIORAMA STAGE. MWARD

FREE OF CHARGE

HUMOROUS HINTS

He Proved It. A certain prohibition officer boasted of his skill at finding moonshine.

"All you have to do,"he said to his fellow officers, "is to use your nose. Mine never fails."

A few days later while riding through a country town a peculiar odor was noticed. Sniff,

sniff went P. O.'s nose. A still in the neighborhood. The other officers grinned. "We'll

find it within 30 minutes,"he boasted. They followed him to the home of a Danish

dairyman. "Lead us to your still,"demanded the officer.

"Mine friend,"said the Danishman, "dar is no still here."

"Oh, well, why spend time arguing, my nose will show us the way."

"Very well,"said the Danishman.

The officer lead the way to the rear of the house sniffing his way toward a small building concealed by vines. Stronger grew the odor and broader grew the Danishman's grin. The

officer threw open the door with a confident air and stood rooted to the spot. His fellowofficers peered over his shoulder and saw the miniature cheese factory. still—a

Let the Hotpoint 'Thantom Maid''

Do Your Cooking

Know the joy and satisfaction of cooking electrically with the wonderful Hotpoint SuperAutomatic Electric Range!

It has many exclusive features.

The heat is accurately controlled, and is all used for cooking.

Even the novice can cook scientifically with the Hotpoint.

$5.00 Do'Mrn

will place any model in your home. You pay the

balance in most convenient monthly payments.

COME IN AND SEE THIS WONDER SERVANT!

Utah Power & Light Co.

Efficient Public Service

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS. PLEASE MENTIOS'THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

RETURNED MISSIONARIES AND OTHEK AMBniOUS MEN Are iiiitotl to join onr School for S:ilo.siii4'n iiiitl rarii vliile they leurn

WE SELL "CO.MI'LBTE PltOTI0CrrHX"INSURANCE

Life—Aeeident—Ileultli—DiNiibility—Old Akc Inooiiic—All in one Poliey

Write to WILFORD C. BRIMLEY,

Sii|>ervlsor of Agencies Utah—Iduho—Arizona—New Mexico

NATIONAL LIFE INSURANCE CO. OF THE U. S. A.

Suite 302 McComiek Uiiilding:—Salt Lake City

Doing business with a man who believes that every one else is dishonest is rarely safe.

The young woman who gives all her energy to attracting attention seldom attracts anything else.

Young Man Musician: "I'm so glad you came to my recital last night. During the

fitst part of the evening I felt I was making a fool of myself."

Old Lady, (intending to offer encouragement): "Everybody thought the same."D. C.

Retsloff.

Violin Instructor: "I am sorry to tell you, but dear madam, your daughter hasn't the

slightest ear for music. She never will be a successful performer."

Mother: "Oh, dear, I'm so disappointed, she has such perfectly adorable elbows."

D. C. Retsloff.

FOR GRADUATION—

A NEW BULOVA WRIST WATCH AT BALF PRICE!

Ladies'Dress or Sport '= through a Special Vat- / chase We Can Offer This xvT". 1. t2rm High Grade Watch at ym

//..'"'- "'"Gent's Strap Watches jyoMlVOff

Ca)"nW htyle "olDate Xut:Fopular Once!faer jl STREET sX TSiegelMlry

SPECIAL COURTESIES TO MISSIONARIES

ALFALFA, CLOVER, jh.

GARDEN, GRASS AND iMH||, GRAIN, ROLLED FEED,

FIELD SEEDS, BIRD HONEY, FLOUR AND [Mffl

SUPPLIES SEED AND POP MIP POULTRY

BABY CfflCKS—ALL VARIETIES

VOGELER SEED & PRODUCE CO. PHONE AVAS. 804 30 W. l.st SOUTH, SALT LAKE CITY

W. H. W, SMITH, Mgrr. Conference Visitors WELCOME

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

WELCOME HOME Returned Missionaxies capitalize on your missionary training

Sell woolen goods direct to consumer

Energetic workers make big money

Write or call for further information

The Original Utah Woolen Mills 28 RICHARDS STREET SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Wedding Bells

Always Ring in June Our advice to those vlio may be concerned:

Right now is the time to decide who will make your Announcements or

Invitations. You should entrust this work to a firm that assures you the

newest in style and correctness in taste.

See us now, or send for samples and prices of Printed. New Process Embossed or Engraved Wedding Stationery.

Our line of Social Stationery is complete and Prices Right

The Deseret News Press 29 Richards Street Salt Lake City

Did Ton Ever Think This of If you are not specifically trained for some type of useful employment it will not be long before the world will point its finger at you and call you a failure.

Ours is a school of opportunity. Here you have a chance

to do the best you can, independently of what anybody else may do.

EVERY MONDAY we open the doors of opportunity when shall we have the privilege of welcoming you?

L. D. S. Business College

Write for Information

"Utah's Largest Commercial Training SchooF'

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Advertising Policy of the Era Wr nooept only the hiiclicnt cIiimm of nflvrrtlNiiii;. We reoomiiirnd to our

renilerM tlie firiiiM nnd kooUm foiinil in our ndvertlNinK'poffen

AOVRRTISRItS l\ THIS ISSl'IO Beneficial Life Ins. Co. Salt Lake Knitting Co.

Kennett Glass & Paint Co. Salt Lake Ioan Office

W'ilford Pacific Southern Lines C Brinile.v

rni\er.sity Music Co. 1 'aynesHeebe of Utah

1 leseret Book Store Utah Home Fire Ins. Co.

Deseret News Utah Power & Light Co.

Kleischmann's Yeast Utali Woolen Mills

Jos. Wni. Taylor, Undertaker Vogcler Seed Co.

L. U. S. Business College Zion's Cooperative Merc. Inst.

"Who knows?"said the sage. "The hen may be merely an egg's way of producing

another egg."

The man who insists on giving other people a piece of his mind is usually a man who has little mind to spare.

"Betty always has a touchme-not air about her."

"Well, it's generally a case of fresh paint."

Mrs. Knagg: "But John, I hate to go to the seashore and leave you here alone."

Husband: "Then don't go for another week. By that time I'll have nervous prostration and the company of a blonde nurse."

to Regain An Easy Way Your Health

This business man from Sandy, Utah, suffered ill health but found an easy way to get rid of his ailment and regain his health.

"I am a butcher in huiness at Sandy, and have had tonsiderable trouble with my stomach, due to indigestion, and was unable to eat my meals without being greath distressed.

"Had read about Fleischmann's Yeast and what it was supposed to do and finally decided to give it a trial. After eating it for three months regularly I noticed a

marked improvement and I can now eat my meals and enjoy them without havins;

any bad after effects caused by indigestion "In order to keep myself in the best possible condition, I am eating my Fleischmann's Yeast regularly."—I. H. Wright.

Eat three cakes of Fleischmann's Yeast regularly every day, one before or between meals. Eat it plain, or dissolved in water, cold or hot (not scalding) or any

way you prefer. For stubborn constipation drink it in a glass of hot water before

meals and before going to bed.

FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST At All Grocers'

IVHEN WRITING TO ADJ'ERTI SERS PLEASE MEXTIOX THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Reading

Brings wisdom to the young, and instruction to the old—it brings

solace to everyone.

We have laid in a wonderful supply of new books for the boys that instruct and girls—books

while they entertain amuse—that

wliile they impart wisdom.

From the kiddies just able to understand Mother Goose Rhymes, to the more advanced pupil of the High School, we have books that suit every taste.

Come in and let us show them to you or write us for circulars.

Deseret Book Company 44 EAST ON SOUTH TEMPLE

JOSEPH WILLIAM TAYLOR

UTAH'S LEADING 1872 UNDERTAKER 1927 Best Equipped for Calls Night or Day in or Out of the City

Price of Caskets at Your Suiting—Services the Latest Advancement

Phones Wasatch 7600, Both Office and Residence 2125 SOUTH WEST TEMPLE STREET

Fire Is Respecter Of Persons No

You may wait till tomorrow to insure but the fire may not.

**See our agent in your toum**

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO General Agents Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

BENNETT GLASS & PAINT COMPANY

This is "Bed Rooms"month in the yearround A/T *VxV.A "VA painting program for Bennett's "Property Life

Insurance"Products.

Your dealer has them.

ASK YOUR DEALER FOR

Z. C. M. I. FACTORYMADE

CHILDREN'S ALLOVERS In khaki and whitebacked Denim for Boys

Khaki and P e k ST 7 Cloths, Dutch C7nt for Girls > Boys'Playsuits sizes 1 to 8. In khaki, jeans, and whitebacked

Denim The Famous Mountaineer

Overalls GIVE SPLENDID SATISFACTION

of theseSuppose We Should Guarantee You the Fulfilment

You Not Think it Marvelous? Desires—Would to continue even thoug-h accident or lllne<in should suddenly snatch Yonr Income you awny or render you unfit for work. An Income for your wife—a collegre education for your children. The ownership of your home in ten years from now.

The possibility of retirement and the Joy of travel and leisure in your later yeatrls.

.ff Imiiosalblef Absolutely not. These dreams can be reallxed realities tomorrow. if you act now—Make today's hopes IS your

to Success Policy is the Key A Beneficial g WS \ of mind peace worrles—Brlngrs out yonr a Blots a pjl

PENHaL/ Beneficial Life Insurance Go.

Lake o<P Home Office, Vermont Bldg.—Salt \, Stohl, Manager Loreniio N. 'oimxGif'President Heber J. Grant,

IVHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA