The lm.

Lfc. 'k JBfifci'Sfc, # 'Sj*5,<L t fir LHi

is something specialGoing to BYU

And special things are worth working for

Brigham Young University is one of the world's great universities,

yet it is unlike any other in the world. It combines finest academic physical and spiritual training in an ideal social climate.

Standards are high and study is not easy at BYU; therefore,

students planning to seek a superior BYU education should

prepare for it. Demand is great, but there is always room for the

good scholar.

BE SURE YOU QUALIFY

Applications for admission must be accompanied by two copies of transcripts of credits and scores from the

American College Tests. These materials are due for Summer School, first

term on May 31; for second term on

June 30; and for fall semester on July

30. Write to BYU Office of Admissions

and Records, Provo, Utah.

Remember, all entering freshmen and all transfer students with less than 15 semester hours of credit must take the American College Tests. They

are given in every state. Obtain materials from your high school principal

or counselor. The tests are given on

the following schedule:

l!!!!

Register for Test Take Test

Nov. 15Jan. 22 Feb. 19

Jan. 24Apr. 2 Apr. 23

April 25June 4 lune 25

MORE DATES TO REMEMBER

Registration, spring semester Jan. 31 -Feb. 1.

Summer School, first term June 13July 15.

Summer School, 2nd term July 18Aug. 19.

Application deadline, fall semester July 30.

.

A special message to missionaries Exploring and their families!

the Universe

By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr.

WATER COLLECTION

AND ANALYSIS

The capture of water from clouds on the ground (fog) is possible in some parts of the world under special conditions such as those found on Ascension Island in the South

Atlantic and the foggy coastal deserts of northern Chile and southern

Peru. Studies by the Universidad

del Norte, Antofagasta, Chile, have been made using various mazes of nylon threads to collect water from the clouds pushed against the steep coastal slopes of the northern Chilean desert. The best arrangement

collected about 18 quarts of water per cubic yard of collector per day at a cost of about 75 cents.

Security Bank, without charge, to provide you with a cashier's check or bank draft, which is the best means of sending funds

to him.

Young men and women entering It has always been the policy of the Mission Home are also

First Security to provide free invited to take advantage of our service to families sending funds complete banking services. You

to missionaries in the field. are welcome to cash checks at

any First Security office. We

Whether your missionary is in the suggest that you also consider

U.S. or in a foreign country, we opening a checking or savings

will be pleased at any First account.

DIET AND MOTHER INSTINCT

If there is no manganese in the Come in and let us serve you. With

diet of a female pigeon or rat, the 96 banking offices in 71 Intermountain First animal loses her "mother instinct"communities, there is a First Security and will not feed her young but Bank in or near your community.. Security

may smother them in the nest. providing every financial service

you'll ever need. Banks

Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation

JANUARY 1966 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Contents for January 1966 Volume 69, Number 1

ART AND PHOTO CREDITS Church Features 1, 6, 80 Art: Ed Maryon

14 Art: Michelangelo

The Editor's Page: Our Silent Sermons, President David O. McKay 12 1816 Art:Art: TrevorWarren SoutheyLuch

Your Question: Without the Ordinances No Man Can See the Face of God, 2022 Art:Art: TedMichaelNagataGraves

President Joseph Fielding Smith.. 14 2936 Art:Art: RonJerry WilkinsonThompson

49 Art: Michael Graves

Art: 56 and Era of Youth 10; Melchizedek Priesthood: Responsibilities of the Church, 52; 54, Moves On,The Church

Kilbourn Dale 54. Bishopric'sPresiding Page, Lettering: 12, 26, Scanlon 28 Maurice

13 Photo: Rnlph Clark

32 Photo: Ernst Wittke

Special Features 35 Photo:InformationChurchService

38 Photos: Wally Barrus

God and Country or Communism? ]. Edgar Hoover 16 Era52 Photo:of YouthLorinPhotos:Wiggins

Yesterday, Joseph Quinney.... 18 Eldon Linschoten

Home Happiness 20 Growing into Celestial Marriage, Part 1, /. Joel Moss 22

Teaching: The Natural Man—An Enemy to God? Part 2, Alma P. Burton 26

Genealogy: PRS in Full Swing 30

Since Cumorah: The Bible, the Scrolls, and the Book of Mormon:

A Problem of Three Bibles, Hugh Nibley 32

My Responsibility, John Lamb 36

Nauvoo as Seen by Artists and Travelers, Stanley B. Kimball 38

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 1; These Times: The View from Asia: Hawaii

Stopover, G. Homer Durham, 6; Letters and Reports, 4. ->.

The Era of Youth 65 The Last Word 80

Family and Home Features

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Mother Nature and Father Time 56

The Best Time of Our Lives, Janet W. Breeze 60

Stories, Poetry Award Night, Gladys Hesser Burnham 28

Poetry 35, 44, 49, 61, 64

The Improvement Era Offices, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

Editor, Editors; L. L. Richard Albert Zobell, Evans, O. THE and Jr., Research McKay Doyle COVER Carter Grant, M. Darold

Editorial Editor; ManagingB. Today's Pinnock, Family Cabbott, L.FlorenceGreen, Jones DavidMarlowe, Mabel Marion D. Hanks,Editor; Era The Elaine E.Youth of

Editor; Director; Associate Art Era Youth KeithAssociates; Era The Cannon, Ralph The Montague, Reynolds, Director; Art of of Youth General F. Price, NormanEditor; winter scene in Provo Canyon, A Artist. Staff Bill Ratcliffe of Utah, by Orem,

S. G. Harris, Sidney Nirley, Franklin Sperry. B- A. Durham, Contributing Hugh Gardiner, Homer Editors. Alma cover Utah, subject is our G. General Smith, S. Cablos Jr., Manager; Associate Jr.,Florence Jacobsen, General Manager; F. Scott, Business Verl Snarr, Subscription Manager; A. Glen this month. Director. Director; Advertising Evans, Thayer

Superintendent, General Association Mutual Improvement Saints, of Christ of Latterday 1965, of Jesus published and Mutual by the ofYoung Associations Christ AllThe rightsChurchreserved. of Jesus of Subscription Latterday The ChurchMen's in subscripprice, $3.00 a year, multiple advance; Improvementtions, 2 years, $5.75; 3 years, $8.25; each succeeding year, $2.50 price. to the'three a year Saints.added year

Entered of Octoberat the1917,PostauthorizedOffice, SaltJuly Lake2 f 1918.City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act

The Improvement a word and must beEraaccompaniedis not responsibleby sufficientfor unsolicitedpostage formanuscriptsdelivery andbutreturn.welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of 2i

days'Thirty changes cannotnoticebe madeis requiredunless thefor oldchangeaddressof asaddress.well asWhenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address byCoverDeseretlithographedNews Pressin full color

.

This 1,000,000pound towerheaviest load ever carried crosscountry on rails - is one of 8 for Standard Oil's remarkable new

Isomax refining unit, being built to serve the West's expanding

demand for petroleum energy.

The Isomax Process, a revolutionary technique developed by

Standard Oil scientists, is uniquely efficient in its ability to refine less desirable heavy oils into the highest quality motor fuels.

It is a major breakthrough in supplying the ever increasing need for more specialized highquality fuels... so important to oil conservation that Standard Oil licenses the process to other oil companies

throughout the Free World.

The Isomax Process means better gasolines for today's cars, and for cars now being designed for the future.. another proud research

"first"by Standard Oil—for you. The research skills which created the Isomax*

Process go into the development of all our products at the Sign of the Chevron... to take better care

Of your Car. Your boat, too! * Proprietary Name

The Chevron

Sign of excellence STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

JANUARY 1966 YOUR BISHOPS!

Stake Presidents, Home Owners SAVINGS and Commercial Firms Too!

Letters FUTURUS A NEW Flooring that outwears any carpet or tile indoors or outdoors and

Reports

MATT MORRIS:

BOY SCOUTING EXCELLENCE 3 Year Guarantee Matt Morris was an Eagle Scout at thirteen. And his other scouting activities Unique Safety for

have been on just as high a level of Chapels, Fonts, Nurseries, Halls, Stairways, achievement. He is post president of the Classrooms and Offices.

Kalamazoo (Michigan) Ward, Lansing

Stake, Explorer post and chairman of Protection from both the district and council cabinets. He Water, Snow, Heat, Cold, Gravel, and

attended the 1963 world jamboree at Heavy Foot Traffie Cannot Harm If

This he Marathon, Greece. summer

Distributorships Available the tended. BYUatInternational ExFor Free Samples Write to

plorer Conference and two days after returning home the Fruit FUTURUS, INC. headed

1076 Belt Area Council's Calif. W. Ninth- (714)Street9825563 A PILLAR contingent to the Upland,

Fair Scout Boy OF THE FAMILY New York World's Service Corps.

currentEarn our 4.85% when 4.97% MISSIONARY ERA HELPS rate isannual daily compounded For High Quality Reproductions of AND MISSIONARIES and WORK

maintained a year. State Mutual has

never missed an interest payment since Recently I bought the March, April, GENEALOGICAL RECORDS WILLS our founding in 1889—a 77year perfect May, June, and July issues of The ImMANUSCRIPTS PRICE SHEETS

safety record. Daily interest is paid provement Era from two elders of the PROPOSALS and other

when funds are held through end of LDS headquarters here in Toronto. I CAMERAREADY COPY and

so impressed your been magazine have byquarter, to of date and withdrawal when of Printing I like to subscribe. wife should that My sixfunds remain or more. months Assets articles that are there has. noted many HISTORIES THESES FAMILY million.over $325 or Funds postmarked to of are helpful a very mother which BULLETINS and BOOKLETS ofreceived 10th the the by earn month I five not children. a MorAlthough am PRINTING other COMMERCIAL

interest 1st. the I attracted from those by mon, more am

At Reasonable Prices assist understand which me toLet us hear from you... articles

... this great church. American

Mail this coupon. T. James Brennan Toronto, Ontario, Canada imm

PRINTING THANK YOU FROM SERVICEState QUEZALTENANGO

PHONE 3591732 Area 801 I am writing a short note of appreciationMutual to thank you for your dedication in helpCECIL A. CARR

ing the elders and Saints to become better 163 East 2nd South informed on the events of the Church of SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84111

Christ. using the are always We

inSavingsAND LOAN ASSOCIATION Jesusmaterial thoughts from the Era and

Dept. 051, 415 W. Fifth Street our missionary work here in QuezaltenLos Angeles, California 90013 ango....

or Please insured OPEN TO ADD my n I will a always be Era magazine The in account below. name(s)

it to for to the subscribe truths want for is or check M.O. My enclosed. $ is I contains. believe don't there another

further information. savings Send D its that majesty. equal can magazine

Elder Grant Davis Guatemala j/ss/vwvjiA Name(s) Quezaltenango, JEWELRY CO. Central America

Street 2WEST2ND. SOUTH DA 2-1039

SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH City State Zip No.

Social Security or I.D. No.. INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER

.J

1. DOCTRINAL NEW

TESTAMENT COMMENTARY OCTEIIAL Vol. I THE GOSPELS

by Bruce R. McConkie NEW

will help you

of TESTAMEf Thisunderstandenlighteningthe truenewteachingsbook the New

Testament. The Book of Mormon, Doctrine

and Covenants, Pearl of Great Price and the teachings of latterday prophets are brought into harmony to cast the light of understandfull and true meaning of New yt M*caNKe ing on the,y e* Testament doctrines. <r 7 rn

(886 pages) J/.OU

2.THE ABUNDANT LIFE

by Hugh B. Brown

Themes that have provoked the thoughts of man over the ages—character, freedom,

truth, God, science, religion, morality and eternity. President Brown's perceptive study

matured by wide experience brings to the reader deeper meaning and understanding.

An eloquent testimony to all who wish to live the abundant life. <rn nc

3.GIFTS OF THE SPIRIT

By Duane S. Crowther

Duane S. Crowther is the accomplished author of two prior LDS bestsellers, "Prophecy,

Key to the Future"and "Prophecies of Joseph

Smith."In this, his newest book, Mr. Crowther accomplishes a threefold goal. First, to

show that divine spiritual gifts exist. Second,

to explain the nature of various spiritual gifts.

And finally, to show how man can gain the influence of the Holy Ghost and the gifts of the Spirit to enrich his own life. Inspiring

reading destined to become a Church classic.

BOOKCRAFT: 1/66

1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah 84101

Please send the following circled book or books for which I have enclosed a check or money order in the amount of $ 1 2 3

NAME

1186 South Main ADDRESS Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 CITY STATE. ZIP.

JANUARY 1966 Your kitchen stays cleaner when you

ELECTRIC

Nothing is cleaner than a kilowatt—no

products of combustion - c\

The View from Asia:

Hawaii Stopover

THESE TIMES

By Dr. G. Homer Durham

See the smart new President, Arizona State University, Tempe electric range models appears to parents be and children, hour flight and onehalf A seven at your dealer's now. than among Japanese from Honolulu to Tokyo, much greater with

If it's electric, it's better! approximately 140 of your fellowAmerican families. This observation

men, provides opportunity for both seems warranted by the following

UTAH POWER ft LIGHT COMPANY observation and reflection. The "laboratory"experience.

meaning of Asia, as the home of The plane to Tokyo was most of God's children, was sugcrowded. Approximately 90 percent

gested by a Hawaiian stopover. of the passengers were people of

Entry to earth from the preexisJapanese ancestry or origin. We

tence is most frequently made in found ourselves in a plane full of

Asia. Departures to the life beyond young Japanese families. The

occur in greater numbers and at fathers and mothers were accompaearlier ages than in other places. nied by many small children. There

Also, what happens in the life of were also teenagers, girls and man between birth and death hapboys.

pens more frequently in Asia. The smaller children were vigThere are great differences in orous and active. They were conthis country. A superficial visit to fined to the narrow spaces afforded

several border areas only suggests by packages, "carryons,"and the weight and mass of the circumhuman bodies in economy, jetstances. Buddhism and Confucian tourist accommodations. I do not

VACUUM PACKED ethics represent major religious and think I have ever seen so many

PEANUT BRITTLE moral influences. They are mixed active children in such a small

close under space. were They science, techwith contemporary my 100% PROFIT hours. for seven over observation nology, and communications. Two

Cries nonexistent. were things, INVESTMENT impressed however, me Whimpers NO

10 members of your every time$60.00 CASH retwice. But the most were heard are taken from examples most. The Peasell of OldFashioned 12 cans eachgroup

can. at $1.00 pernut of the absence thing life. was markable could be drawn They Japanese

cost size your cans quart BrittlePROFIT!100% yellings, the scoldings, parental in Free observations China from for $1.00! only 50cgroup Theeach—sell

lc! 120 Order EVEN INVESTMENT! NOTNO hears outcries and one influnormal or Chinese from (Taiwan)

to send to 30 days today. cansto 1200 up Take

payment. Give your name, title, phone number ence observed among the 4V2 milexpects from distraught American

address, the address, name, completeand etc. lions of Hong Kong. parents under the same circumofficer, quantity of each group,of 2nd name of

desired, and nearest Freight Office (no parcel Observation No. 1: Japanese parstances.

post). Extras If any Japanese child was told to Rockies. east of sent OFFERFREE toOPENcover TOshippingGROUPScost ents exercise more restraint and

ONLY! WRITE TODAY! achieve better results with quiet, "shut up!"or to "be quiet!"or to

firm, patience than Americans and "put that thing down!"or "leave

VERNE COLLIER Westernerschildren. Thedo in regarddealing withfor theireach business!"Mary alone,or "stopand mindshoving,"yourit ownwas

other, the mutual respect accorded uttered softly or inaudibly. Parental

Dept. 5-21 900 North 19th Street BIRMINGHAM 3, ALABAMAAA J advice teas given. But restraints

were exercised.

One little fellow insisted on trying to chin himself from the over- 1%. **??'

head rack. Two others were MPREHENSM MPREHPSrV

to explore continuallydetermined nose to tail.the aisles from I saw HISTORYof HISTORYof Join LDS Books Club

firm pressure exerted on shoulders, iHE CHURCH HECIBRtt little not I witnessed arms. Buton now and receive slap. aggravated nor spanka single

It was a marvelous laboratory. CENTURY ONE CENTURY ONE

life seat, family an aisleFrom 'v * w---- Vol. I of Comprehensive

a jet into cabin wascompressed observed as if under a microscope.

Parental discipline was operating. History of the Church

Child responses were evident. But

verbalizathere no aggravated was violence. physicaltion nor It was VOL. I voi*,? HALF PRICE

impressive. How was it done?

Observation No. 2: Orientals are

obviously more polite than Occidentals. At least the outward 25evidence is more visible. The

Japanese, especially, have made a ROBERTS ROBERTO Usual Club Price fine art of portraying outward re- $4.50 per vol.

spect for other persons—in elevators, shops, cafes, hotels, airlines. By joining LDS Books Club now you can This special printing is the same as the

The bow of the Tokyo airport porsave 50% on Vol. I of Elder B. H. Roberts'original $9.25 per volume edition except

ter who refused a tip (no tipping monumental work, "A Comprehensive Histhe size is 6 by 9 inches rather than 7 in Japan!) for taking our bags to tory of the Church."You pay only $2.25 by 10 inches.

the limousine, exacting only fifty for the first volume. You will continue to

yen per bag (360 yen to the dolreceive one volume every six months Volume I covers the period of Joseph lar); the charming obeisance of the until you have the complete six volume Smith's boyhood to the exodus from

hotel elevator girls; the respectful set. Volumes II through VI are priced at Missouri.

acknowledgments of departmentonly $4.50 each. The original edition of

store clerks—all were impressive. this excellent work sold for $9.25 per Make your first Club selection from the

All seemed real. volume. following books.

Why? 3. THOUGHTS

1. TO PATHWAYS observations to both answer 2. An THE IVi FOR MINUTE

HAPPINESS LIFE lies ABUNDANT in questions to Japabothand TALKS 0. David by B. Hugh by R. Lindsay by life. for respectnese The home McKay Brown Curtis for association, for familyelders, ex- 0. David McKay and Articles, speeches lessons and Timely

for plains the need addresses conference thoughts fascinating of contemplation and valuesthe pies. A te prized m published. before never talks. Splendid for

classic. Church Oriental in runs deepmeditation all. for reading

$3.95 $3.95 it its $3.00 hypochasculture. Doubtless,

too, Doubtlessrisy sham. and

6. DOTH WHAT 5. MISSOURI THE MAGIC THE as 4. surfaces cover manyveneer may IT PROFIT PERSECUTIONS OF M0RM0NISM true. the outward Sterling W. Butis elsewhere by Earl by B. H. Roberts Stowell by

facts remain, in the face of WestExplains the day by- A moving historical Sill ernization. And although the Church.day operationEspeciallyof thefor accountheroism ofandthesacrificeSaints domThe truthsof the agesand wispre-

in easyto-read sented converts. in Missouri. Chinese as the home,Japanese

forceful terms.

3.50 $3.50 is home, the Western andhome

under modern pressure, certain $3.50

lessons remain. LDS Books Club, Inc. 1-66 [

Lesson No. 1 is that the tradi- P.O. Box 400 / Salt Lake City, Utah 84101

tional Japanese home embodies and enclosed.Check or moneyPlease sendorder"Ain Comprehensivethe amount of History$ of the Church"is

contains its own religious shrine. at the special introductory price.

Each home is, in a sense, a "church"Also, send the following circled book (s) as my first Club

Orientals selection: sense. goin the Western 5 3 4 6 12 cerefor special their templesto reviews. I Enroll monthly send me as a me member and

monies and for special religious hereby agree to purchase a minimum of 4 Books Club selecregular 12 next at the during the tions months or alternates at to church"they "goreasons. But

I after price. purchasing resign advertised at'any time may

is a church. WestThe homehome.

I I a valuable accept, will receive four For each 4 books books.

houses and leave their homeserners bonus book free—a saving of 20%. DS BOOKS CLUB, INC. leave they church.to Then go to NAME

church and go back to their P.O. Box 400 ADDRESS

Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 CITY STATE.ZIP

(Good only in US. and Canada Offer expires Feb 15, 1966) l

JANUARY 1966.

homes and houses, only a tew of filed into the airport waiting room.

which seem to function also as It was preceded by a male relative home "churches."The Church of bearing a garland of flowers. He

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints was followed by another relative has struggled to establish family bearing the photograph of the home evenings since the First deceased, a beautiful young womPresidency's letter of 1915. Rean. Next came the bereaved young

emphasized in 1965, one was husband bearing his wife's ashes reminded of the apparent lesson in a beautiful silken box susfrom the Japanese homes funcpended by white satin ribbons tioning as the chief centers of around his neck. Then came the

veneration and religious worship. relatives bearing flowers. Here was

Lesson No. 2 was that it is imthe Oriental regard for a departed

portant to do things in the home loved one. It was simple, poignant,

that focus attention on the persontouching. Such an event, as with

Prices ality of the individuals comprising an American or Latterday Saint are LOW it. Home is a place of forgotten death, occurs once to every person.

in Idaho privileges, including the privilege His or her regard follows in our it affords to do more than take the customary ways. But where is the

Some 50 styles include all L.D.S. temple individuals at home for granted. equivalent of the Japanese tea

designs in white and latest parchments. The Japanese "tea ceremony"is ceremony, daily, in our homes?

napkins, albums, Matching Mormon other a case in point. This ceremony, When does the American family sit rush order service. accessories. One day

demonstrated to all foreigners, may down quietly together in the appear to be formalistic, stilted, sacred home and reverentially reand very wearing on the knees and gard each other in life: the earnest

spinal column. Occidentals are not hands of the father; the brow of

Send 25c for catalog & samples, refunded accustomed to sitting either quietly the handsome son; the clear eyes

on first order. (50c if air mail desired.) or crosslegged on the floor. Meanof the daughter; the thankful reREXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440 while, to perform stylized motions pose, earned by sacrificial service

Name in slow motion—whether drinking to all, of the mother? Can it be

Address - water, milk, or anything—is foreign done at the hurried family prayer

City, Zone, State - to Westerners. But to the Japanese before breakfast? before the family

family, the tea ceremony is an explodes in six or seven directions?

occasion for silently, thoughtfully at dinner? Will one family home

BLACK & WHITE J regarding each other. Mother reevening per week do the job—in

gards the father. Father regards the these times?

mother. Parents regard the chilThe view from Asia affords

perspectives. are dren. harsh. their regard Children Some brothmany LIVI9 8 exposure roll sisters beauty. parents. are drenched with and their ers and Some

DEVELOPED & PRINTED All regard each other in turn. A The mixtures of the Oriental past

IN JUMBO SIZE Chinese family dinner does the and the screaming technologies of 12 exposures 504 20 exposures $1.00 same. the present are omnipresent. There

36 exposures $1.50 As I witnessed one such cereis challenge to the life of man, beCOLOR FILM monyby facultyas a spectator,wives of demonstratedKeio Univertweenhis nature,birth hisand destiny,death, toandregardthe

sity, I asked myself the question: qualities of his fellow beings. DEVELOPING What is or are the corresponding Especially to be regarded are those

in dear surround ones culture? form and occasions Western who The KODACOLOR

Roll 8-Exposure per altar, all family the it a barking that be too thought answering was

Printing Dev. roll and $2.55 set shrine television or a conceived often Latterday American, even Roll 1 2-Exposure per

Dev. and Printing $3.00 ro || Saint families pay this kind of for the worship of God and the

Color Reprints 204each silent, reverential regard at the veneration of his dear children.

COLORColor Slides SLIDES per mortuaryThe Japaneseafter death.family experiences Theimportanceview fromof theAsiashrine,suggestsa shrinethe 1 35 mm

20 exp., Dev. and Mount...$1.35 roll birth and regards the newly arin every home.

Slides Color per are rived do we. Marriages babe as

Dev. roll 361 35exp.,mm and Mount... $2.40 celebrated. Brides and grooms, Color Movie per

8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 rolf parents, and kin regard each other

thoughtfully as we do during the

GENEALOGY PHOTOS ceremony.tinue to regardBut theeachJapaneseother closelyconof NEGATIVES OLD MADE thereafter, daily. AirAt the Osaka ChurchNo member of this each. 604 PHOTOS, PRINTS

port the I witnessed regard unusual the right husband, father—has 54 of NEGATIVE, each accorded by a Chinese husband to ever to express a cross word to. his..

Send coin only—no C.O.D.'s his dead wife as he returned her wife or to his children.

MoneyBack Guarantee ashes to Taiwan. A little procession—President David O. McKay

SAM'S PHOTO LAB P.O. Box 1 1 15 Dept. AA Salt Lake City, Utah

"Thanks a hundred million!

Thanks for making this American's $100Million Year...

Thanks to you who have saved regularly in American Savings accounts...

Thanks to you who have financed your IN 1965 homes "The American Way"... AMERICAN SAVERS

have improved Thanks to you who RECEIVED $3 1/2 MILLION loans... with your American homes

Thanks to business and community IN EARNINGS!

leaders who have helped make AT

American Savings an integral part of UTAH'S & HAWAII'S a growing Utah and Hawaii. HIGHEST RATE ON

We are grateful for the thousands of INSURED SAVINGS people who have had faith in AMERICAN SAVINGS for more than 43 years. It is you who have enabled us

to become one of the nation's few savings and loan associations to reach $100 million in assets.

We are grateful, too, for the happiness Add to or open your that this growth represents: for the AMERICAN SAVINGS homes and public buildings we have been able to finance; for college educations, account—share the

dream vacations, new cars and a excitement of our hundred million other things that have $100Million Year! been the ultimate result of AMERICAN

SAVINGS accounts.

\S.x/ v / Cmnm (4mMcmS(winui &a. iLOANr\ a m ASSOCIATIONACcnriATinM

HOME OFFICE: 63 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

SUGAR HOUSE OFFICE: HAWAII DIVISIONAL OFFICE: KALIHI OFFICE: KAPIOLANI OFFICE:

2186 Highland Drive, 915 Fort St., Box 3859, 1851 North King St., 1602 Kapiolani Blvd.,

Salt Lake City, Utah 84106 Honolulu, Hawaii 96812 Honolulu, Hawaii 96819 Honolulu, Hawaii

GRANGER OFFICE: KAIMUKI OFFICE: HILO OFFICE: WAIKIKI OFFICE:

2727 West 3500 South, 1142 -12th Avenue, 120 Waianuenue Avenue, 2113 Kalakaua Ave.,

Salt Lake City, Utah 84119 Honolulu, Hawaii 96816 Hilo, Hawaii 96720 Honolulu, Hawaii

JANUARY 1966 TO YOUR HEALTH, NATURALLY! The Church

Moves On

NOVEMBER 1965

Elder Charles E. Mitchener, Jr., was sustained as general

secretarytreasurer of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement

Association at the regular meeting of the general board this evening. He succeeds the late Elder Alma H. Pettigrew. Elder

Mitchener has served as assistant general secretary for ten years.

At the annual meeting of Region XII, Boy Scouts of America,

Now you and your family can concluding at Phoenix, Arizona, today, President N. Eldon

enjoy the benefits of this modTanner of the First Presidency, Presiding Bishop John H. Vandenern electric refinement of the berg, First Assistant General Superintendent Marvin J. Ashton,

old fashioned twostone flour George Richard Hill of the general board, and Elbert R. Curtis,

mill that preserves nature's former general superintendent of the Young Men's Mutual Improvemarvelous nutrition and flavor ment Association, were elected to the Region XII executive exceptional economy. with committee. Superintendent Ashton and Elders Hill and Curtis

AllGrain The serving Flour Mill rewere and reelected.

tains the valuable nutrients of whole grain often lost through heat and damaging action of Elder David D. Lingard sustained as president of Granger

President Frankland Stake North succeeding (Utah) J. Kenmilling methods. other Why

are counselors as first counselor. served nard, he with whom New of commercial high cost the pay

flour with its bleaches, preservaElders Robert B. Barber and Arthur L. Sorensen. Elder Harold V.

tives and additives? Hymas was released as second counselor.

Available in many sizes.

Guaranteed The Mormon Pavilion at the recently closed New York World's

Easy terms available Fair has been chosen to receive a "Plant America"award, highest honor given by the American Association of Nurserymen,

For full information, write: Inc. A companion award for the outstanding exhibit is also being

given to Irvin T. Nelson and Paschall Campbell, landscape archiALL-GRAIN FLOUR MILL tects for the Church.

Dept. E, P. 0. Box 168,

Angeles, of Elder of Los Russon M. John The appointment

Brigham City, Utah priestto the of recently Mission, released president the Swiss hood welfare committee was announced.

Our winter paradise cruise departs from Elder Stanley A. Hutchings sustained as president of Midvale

San Francisco January 27, 1966 and from (Utah) Stake with Elders Lloyd Gardner and R. Kent King

Los Angeles, January 28, 1966. as his counselors. They succeed President Reed H. Beckstead and

Dine, Dance, and Play as you sail over the his couselors, Elders Doras A. Thomas and Henry T. Wahlquist.

blue Pacific on the luxury liner, Lurline, to Elder H. Burke Peterson sustained as president of Phoenix North

romantic Honolulu. (Arizona) Stake with Elders Reed E. Price and John H. Tanner as

Then to the garden isle of Kauai. Then visit his counselors. They succeed President Rudger G. Smith and his

the valley isle of Mauai, then to the big isle counselors, Elders Dow Ostland and Carl C. Jacobson.

of Hawaii.

This wonderful allexpense cruise is priced It was announced that President David O. McKay has set

from $595.00. apart Elder Harry V. Brooks as president of the Hawaii Temple

a President Brooks, Clissold. L. President succeeding Edward

as Mission, been serving has president of the Hawaii For complete details write for folder former

VIDA FOX CLAWSON TOURS president of the Bureau of Information in Hawaii. His counselors

216 South 13th East in the temple presidency are Elders Fred K. Ellis and Faaesea Mailo.

Salt Lake City, Utah 84102 Phone 3280303

io THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

University of Utah Salt Lake city, Utah suit Rose Park North Stake was COLLEGE OF FINE ARTS formed from portions of Rose Department or Mnaic

Park (Salt Lake City) Stake with

Elder Joseph L. Lundstrom as Williaa Kriabe and Company

president and Elders William G. East Rochester, New York

McFarland and Don P. Campbell

called as counselors. The stake, Gentlemen:

412th now functioning in the I am very pleased with my Knabe

Church, was organized under the Its action is superb.

direction of Elder Ezra Taft Benson Its unique structural features give it a rich of the Council of the Twelve and resonantto the transparenttone. Fromtreblethe deepthe andsoundeloquentis somewhatbass

Elder Henry D. Taylor, Assistant akinthe Cremonato that masters.of the stringed instruments made by

to the Twelve. Rose Park is a lowBecause of its responsive action and its vibrant,

cost housing area in northwest Salt mentvariedfortonalplayingqualityaccompaniments,the Knabe is chamberan idealmusicinstruand

Lake City that was developed after the solo literature.

World War II. Very truly yours,

Elder Robert M. Christensen

sustained as second counselor to

President Joseph F. Steenblick of (7t*Tr*j\JhZ<

Rose Park Stake succeeding PresiLeroy Robertson, Chairman dent Joseph L. Lundstrom. UniversityDepartment ofof MusicUtah

Elder John F. Taylor sustained as

president of Snowflake (Arizona)

Stake with Elders Jay B. Williams

and Elbert J. Lewis as counselors.

They succeed President Hyrum A.

Hendrickson and his counselors, I'm very pleased with Elders Arthur C. Whiting and "Francis W. Ericksen... my Knahe

DECEMBER 1965 The appointment of Elder V. So writes Leroy Robertson of the University ot Utah. Knabe

Ben Bloxham as supervisor of grands and consoles are found wherever fine pianos are rebranch libraries of the Genealogical quired. In Utah's Brigham Young University. At New York's

Society was announced. He sucMetropolitan Opera where it has long been Official Piano.

ceeds the late Elder Archibald F. Write us. We will send you a colorful catalog and the name of

Bennett. your nearest Knabe dealer.

President David O. McKay

switched on 40,000 electriclightsB in the first annual Christmasseason lighting of Temple Square.

Speaking briefly to the 10,000 assembled, he urged that these lights be a symbol of the light shining in the heart of every man, woman, and child during the East Rochester, N.Y.

holiday season. Traditional ChristSignature of Quality Pianosmas music was given by the A

Tabernacle Choir during the brief program.

anFirst Presidency The of ATTENTION BISHOPS the appointment nounced

Dunn,Elders J. Howard H. Dale *?% i GENEALOGY PROBLEMS??? RichardGoodwin, W. Maycock,

Henry D. Moyle, Jr., and Van A. "aftj lu,ll< kati com *pvi i /ijiiw ZIONS COLOR INC.

Neiswender to the Priesthood genealogy and templework comHAS A PROGRAM WHICH mittee of the Church. CAN PUT A

EThis weekend's meetings conferences stake closed the <3oo f giememtementbroitce After a brief KU ttm..( mill - &[."1965. yearfor the

ChristmasNew Year's vacation, the r *,. -

quarterly conferences begin for IN EVERY HOME 1966 on January 9th and 10th.

2991 West 3500 South Salt Lake City, Utah Phone 2983491

JANUARY 1966 11 When do our opportunities for preaching the gospel by precept and by example come? They come to us

in our social gatherings, they come to us in our politics, they come to us in our business relations, on the farm, in our dealings in all the affairs of life that the defense of truth ought to exert itself. There may

never come a great opportunity to preach to an assembled multitude about the restored gospel. Truly,

"It may not be on the mountain's height

Or over the stormy sea, It may not be at the battle's front

My Lord will have need of me;

But if, by a still, small voice he calls

To paths that I do not know, -I'll answer, dear Lord, with my hand in thine:

I'll go where you want me to go."

(Mary Brown, Hymns, 75.)

When that still, small voice calls to the performance of duty, insignificant though it seem and its performance unknown to anyone save the individual and

God, he who responds gains corresponding strength.

Let me cite an instance:

A young missionary was invited to a wedding in a

THE EDITORS PAGE foreign country, at which two of his acquaintances

BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. MCKAY were joined together in the bonds of matrimony, the

12 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ceremony being performed by a minister of another to converse with these guests upon the Word of Wischurch. This young man was the only member of dom.

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints Was he humiliated? No, he was strengthened. Were

amidst the one hundred or more guests at the table the guests embarrassed? No. Did they feel to conin the hotel. By each plate was the wine cup, filled demn him? No. Condemnation was replaced by adto the brim, and also a glass of water. miration, as it always is in the hearts of intelligent

After the ceremony, as the guests were all in their and Godfearing men and women.

places, the minister arose and said, "Now, I propose I admire, too, that counselor in the presidency of a that the company drink the health of the newly marstake who, at a political gathering when asked to ried couple."drink the health and success of that party, left his

All the guests arose. Propriety suggested that our champagne untouched.

young man take the wine cup. He was a missionary; The chairman came and said, "You did not respond

he belonged to the Church that preaches the Word to the toast for the success of the party. Aren't you

of Wisdom, revealed direct from God to the Prophet one with us?"

Joseph. Science since then has proved it to be indeed Our brother said, "Yes, I did."The chairman said,

a word of wisdom. He was preaching that, and up "There is your champagne untouched."

to that moment he tried to live it. Here was a time "But,"replied the counselor, "you see the glass of

when he could indulge; no one would know; indeed, water is empty. I do not drink champagne nor intoxiit seemed to be the act of propriety, but he resisted. cants, but I am with you in wishing the success of

Now was the time to defend his Church, and that the party."

is what he did. He took the glass of water, and some The man grasped his hand and said, "I admire your

of his immediate friends by him, dropping their wine strength in living up to your principles."

cups, followed his example, and at least half a dozen They always do. The most powerful sermon

wine glasses remained untouched. Others saw it, and preached is often the silent sermon of our actions

the circumstance furnished an excellent opportunity confirming what the world knows to be our beliefs.

JANUARY 1966 13 YOUR QUESTION

ANSWERED BY

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

Without the Ordinances No Man Can See the Face of God

Michelangelo, Sistine Chapel

question: "I would appreciate an explanation of a ''For without this no man can see the face of God,

passage in the Doctrine and Covenants which is as even the Father, and live.

follows ''Now this Moses plainly taught to the children of

Israel in the wilderness, and sought diligently to ''And this greater priesthood administereth the sanctify his people that they might behold the face of gospel and holdeth the key of the mysteries of the God;

kingdom, even the key of the knowledge of God. "'But they hardened their hearts and could not

'Therefore, in the ordinances thereof, the power of endure his presence; therefore, the Lord in his wrath,

godliness is manifest. for his anger was kindled against them, swore that

"'And without the ordinances thereof, and the they should not enter into his rest while in the wilderauthority of the priesthood, the power of godliness is ness, which rest is the fulness of his glory."(D&C

not manifest unto men in the flesh: 84:1924.)

answer: If you will look at the date of this revelaThe Savior also said:

tion, you will discover that it was given in September 1832, which was two years after the organization of "Moreover if thy brother shall trespass against thee, the Church and several years after the appearance of go and tell him his fault between thee and him alone:

the Father and the Son to the Prophet Joseph Smith. if he shall hear thee, thou hast gained thy brother.

Therefore, permit me to emphasize this fact: There "But if he will not hear thee, then take with thee

is no law or commandment which declares that the one or two more, that in the mouth of two or three

Father could not appear to a man in person when the witnesses every word may be established.

Holy Priesthood was not among men on the earth. In "And if he shall neglect to hear them, tell it unto

this day when the divine authority is here and men the church: but if he neglect to hear the church, let

are appointed to officiate in its ordinances, there is him be unto thee as an heathen man and a publican.

no occasion for the Father to come to any man who "Verily I say unto you, Whatsoever ye shall bind has no divine authority. At a time when the prieston earth shall be bound in heaven: and whatsoever

hood is conferred, and there are authorized servants ye shall loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven."

who bear divine authority, there could hardly arise a (Mart. 18:1518.)

time when the Father and the Son should have occasion to appear to any man who was without that authority. How wonderful it would be if this counsel of our

There is one thing, however, that is of the greatest Savior were universally followed and, when differimportance. The divine law has always been that ences arise between brethren, they would take time

there should be at least two witnesses to every manito sit down calmly and consider their differences in festation of vital importance. It is written in the book the spirit of charity, humility, and prayer. It has ocof Deuteronomy: curred many times that a trivial matter could have

"One witness shall not rise up against a man for been easily settled among brethren by a calm and any iniquity, or for any sin, in any sin that he sinneth: humble discussion of differences in the spirit of prayat the mouth of two witnesses, or at the mouth of er. Many a heart is aching and many a friendship has

three witnesses, shall the matter be established."been permanently broken because the power of Satan

(Deut. 19:15.) has entered into the hearts of men and brethren.

JANUARY 1966 IB CountryGod& or Communism

This revealing and stirring message on the evils ar.d

the threat of communism was given by Mr. Hoover

several years ago* Even though new personalities now dictate in Russia, and another power, Red China, now clamors for leadership in the communist world, the principles expounded by Mr. Hoover have not

changed. Because the principle of freedom is such an

important part of the gospel of Jesus Christ, this message is being printed here in the hopes that it will help Latterday Saints understand more clearly the growing menace of communism.

BY J. EDGAR HOOVER

director, federal bureau of investigation united states department of justice

From the top of a mountain nearly two thousand magnets to communist action. It is in such areas that

years ago, Christ warned mankind against being the divisive tactics of the communists become most duped by the very menace which we face today. He effective.

said: Division and disunity are communist weapons. The

"Beware of false prophets, which come to you in communist capacity to exploit every problem is limitsheep's clothing, but inwardly they are ravening less. The red hand of communism intensifies racial

wolves."(Matt. 7:15.) division while pretending to strive for equality. It pits

No words could more accurately describe the purrace against race, worker against manager, and group veyors of the evil philosophy we know as communism, against group. It muddies the waters of peace while

and no words of warning are more urgently needed shouting, "Coexistence!"

than at the present. The tactics of communism do not change! HypocCommunism—the scourge of our generation—has risy, guile, deceit, and subversion are the hallmarks

not weakened. Its philosophy has not changed. The of communism today as they were yesterday. Here in

danger from it has not lessened. At this very moment America every walk of life has been infiltrated by the

the same old communist crowd is doing business at the fanged salesmen of subversion cloaked in the lamb's same old communist stand in the same old subversive wool of glowing promise.

way! And we are letting them do it! The prophets of communism in America, both those

The Communist Party, USA, is exulting that it has in the open and the infinitely more dangerous conreceived a renewed lease on life. The first concrete cealed coconspirators, are as false, as hypocritical, as

action of the revitalized party has been a tremendous merciless, and as deadly as their Russian counterparts expansion in the field of propaganda. At the same who started on their evil route a little earlier. These

time it is concentrating on its plans for renewed false prophets of twentiethcentury American, emulatexpansion in other areas. New campaigns of infiltraing their foreign masters, sow their dragon's teeth of

tion are being readied as pressure tactics are intensidissension and future slavery among the innocent, the fied. Recently a party organizer speaking before a ignorant, the gullible, and the indifferent. And how

party meeting indicated that the party must revitalize are we to identify them?

its industrial concentration program, and that this Again, Christ gave us the answer in simple words:

meant an increase in party activity by industrial clubs "Ye shall know them by their fruits. Do men gather

and an increase in party study programs. Another grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles?

party leader emphasized that it was most important "... by their fruits ye shall know them."(Matt.

for the party to have its members in heavy industry, 7:16,20.)

in the steel mills and in shipyards. Still another reWhat are the fruits of communism? Its past victims

vealed that the youth of America is to be the object would have many answers. Millions of Russian kulaks,

of intensified communist effort. This party leader speaking from the grave, would say, "Death!"The

indicated that the Communist Party intends to conUkrainians under forced collectivization would shout, centrate on teenagers and to influence them through "Famine!"The racked bones in the cellars of the

use of concealed members, particularly those in Lubianka and a thousand similar dank holes would church groups and civic organizations. Still others shriek, "Torture!"Surely the wrenched minds of milemphasized the need to develop young leadership and lions of brainwashed victims would cry, "Corruption!"

to place young party members in unions. Another, And have not the recent victims, the Hungarians, exspeaking of plans for the future, was more than satisperienced to the full the ride of the Four Horsemen:

fied over the fact that membership in a campus youth war; strife; famine; and the pestilence of corruption,

group which was subject to communist manipulation duplicity, and treason?

had recently quadrupled. "And I looked, and behold a pale horse: and his

Party members throughout the nation have been name that sat on him was Death, and Hell followed working intensively in still another of many areas. with him. And power was given unto them over the

Their purpose has been to exploit protests against fourth part of the earth, to kill with sword, and with continued testing of nuclear weapons and to secure a hunger, and with death, and with the beasts of the ban against such tests. Proposed plans to achieve earth."(Rev. 6:8.)

their aim include the infiltration and influencing of I am not attempting to interpret Revelation. I

reputable organizations and the circulation of pamsimply ask, What better description can there be of phlets, leaflets, petitions, and newspaper advertising. the terror that stalks that unhappy portion of the

High on their priority list of infiltration targets are earth where the mailed fist of communism has closed minority groups. Inevitably, any organizations within shut?

such groups, created for sound, legitimate reasons and "By their fruits ye shall know them."

for the advancement of worthwhile causes, serve as No matter how enticing the mask it wears, no matter

how seductive its promises, the fruits of communism name of communism. Indeed, what better historian

inescapably and inevitably are evil. can the system have than its leading exponent,

What, then, shall we do to insure that Americans Khrushchev? The story of murders, cynicism, deceit,

will never eat the bitter fruit which is the dreadful brutality, and official ineptitude which he detailed in lot of more than onethird of the peoples of the world? his denunciation of Stalin is certainly the story of

The legion of men who have fought to keep America communism under one man. But has there been a

free of tyranny can have but one answer. That answer change?

is: Learn what communism is and make ourselves Not by words, but "by their fruits ye shall know

aware of the tactics used by those who promote comthem."Surely the crash of the mailed fist on Hungary

munism. should sound far louder and clearer than Khrushchev's

What is communism? It is a system of thought and song of "coexistence."The rivers of blood spilled in

action originated by Marx and Engels, developed by Hungary will have been shed in vain if Khrushchev's

Lenin, and continued by Stalin and Khrushchev. That satanic suggestion—the "marriage of convenience"besystem embodies, among other things: a materialistic tween communism and capitalism—is consummated.

explanation of man and the universe; a materialAgainst the background of Hungary's agony, can any

istic interpretation of history centering about the class rational person believe that the proposed bridegroom, struggle; abolition of the noncommunist state; a revocommunism, would prove to be other than he has in

lutionary theory and a flexible course of action by the past—a deadly bluebeard?

which to abolish freedom of enterprise; a code of acJust what does the official "return to Leninism"

tion based not on morals but on utility—the end justiproclaimed by the Communist Party mean?

fies the means; the abolition of all religions; and, It means, simply, more of the same. Communism

finally, a worldwide communist revolution leading to cannot change. Should it change, it would cease to be

a worldwide communist society. communism. The return to Leninism means, as always,

What is the end result of this system of thought and the reduction of every individual to the lowest comaction? It is the reduction of man from a spiritual mon denominator. It means a continuation of infiltracreature to the level of highgrade animal whose sole tion and subversion, of antiSemitism and the strangureason for being is to copulate and die. lation of all religious worship. It means forced labor,

And what are the visible results as the soulless secret police, constant purges, and a gang hierarchy system crunches its monstrous way toward its goal? grimly battling each other for the precarious top role

Those who have eyes and whose will to see the truth of ruthless dictator.

has not been blunted by propaganda can recount the Too many Americans had learned too much about long history of inhumane crimes committed in the the tactics and objectives (Continued on page 46)

W,,, 'ft V

BY THE LATE JOSEPH QUINNEY. JR.,

FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE CANADIAN AND

NORTHWESTERN STATES MISSIONS AND LOGAN TEMPLE

Yesterday, with all her gifts, promises, joys, and opportunities, has forever passed beyond my reach and the power of my control.

Yesterday recorded all my performances of the day. Were they high and

lofty, filled with results, or were they weighed in the balance of neglect and indifference?

Yesterday held for me the great gift of work; there were twentyfour hours

of time at my disposal. I was either slow to grasp the opportunities, or else I

responded to the mighty call of service.

Yesterday was ablaze with problems; someone was busy in their solution;

they were adding to the world knowledge, either in the home, in the town, in the city, in the state, or in the nation. New truths were being unfolded and

moving the world with light and power and bringing to the, human race a deeper meaning of life. Where did I stand in the solution of yesterday's problems?

Yesterday gave me the high privilege of feeling a little deeper the joys of life and the things I should do to appreciate to the fullest the richness of life.

Yesterday my friends were in need of sympathetic encouragement; they

were looking and waiting for me. Did I measure up to expectations? Did I arrive

in time?

Yesterday told me that friendship is a deep and sacred thing. Did I betray

the confidence that tied together these bonds of holy union?

Yesterday found me obligated to carry a message of love to the hearts of my fellowmen; indeed, I felt the mighty sense of duty upon me; there was vouchsafed to me a sacred calling. Did I permit the hour to pass without responding

to such a responsibility?

Yesterday provided the time and place for me to speak to God and tell him of my genuine gratitude for his goodness and his great love, also to have a better knowledge of him and the purpose he had in my creation. Is it possible

that I was so much engrossed in the material things of life that this holy communion with God was omitted?

Yesterday? All I have of it is a memory, a memory of what I could and

should have been. It has now passed into God's care. But today is mine, mine.

The morning breaks, and with it the great light of love sheds its rays upon the pathway of promise. Today is mine to make it my day, God's day.

(TAKEN FROM THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY 1924, P. 334.)

JANUARY 1966 19 Watch these pages each month for inpirational messages to help

is learning and living the gospel together as a family.

No one can teach your children as well as you can. Teach them with confidence—you know

them better, love them more, and are with them more than anyone else. These are reasons why the commandments of the Lord to teach children are given to

parents. "Earnestly we urge parents to gather their families around them, and to instruct them in truth and righteousness, and in family love and loyalty."President David O. McKay

is knowing you have sons, I almost began to feel that all there was to the a home evening manugospel for us was paying tithing, keeping the Word al which meets the of Wisdom, and attending church. We now really

needs of all types of make an effort to have consideration and compassion families. for people. Now we try to help others instead of exThe manual is planned around one basic gospel pecting them to help us.

truth each week. Each of these truths applies to Family with young children: We have become

everyone, from the oldest adult to the smallest child. more understanding of our children's problems and

Every family, regardless of size, age, or interest, can more aware of the effect our actions have upon them.

profit by learning more about how this gospel idea Family with older and younger children: Finding

can help them in their lives. ourselves in a teaching position once a week to our

This is what different families have said about the own children makes us more aware of our own actions.

home evening lessons: We have no desire to be hypocritical. Discussing the

Person alone: It is the highlight of the week when gospel has developed better communication among us

I study my home evening manual. I contemplate what all. We still struggle with petty bickering and other

I can do during the coming week to make myself a faults, but we notice a definite mellowing, a sense of better person. cooperation, and a desire for family harmony. We

Young couple: These lessons have brought us closer talk together more freely about important matters.

as husband and wife. We talk about things that would Dormitory group: The weekly lesson gives us stuotherwise be passed by. This time set aside once a dents a chance to know each other well. We get along

week enables us to discuss our problems, learn more better as we try to live gospel standards. We have a

about the gospel, and try better to apply the prinbetter appreciation for each other's differences. It

ciples to our daily lives. gives us an opportunity for group prayer, which we

Older couple: Until we began studying these lesfind very special.

20 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA you with your Family Home Evenings

JANUARY 1966 21

FIRST IN A SERIES

BY J. JOEL MOSS, PH.D

PROFESSOR OF HUMAN DEVELOPMENT AND FAMILY RELATIONS

BR1GHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY into CeGrowing

I am a husband. At my home, probably bustling

about, as is her nature, is a lovely lady whom I call my wife. Years ago, we knelt beside an altar and,

gazing deeply into each other's eyes, pledged ourselves to love, honor, and cherish each other for time and all eternity.

Now it is sixteen years later. As my wife gazes

across a room at me, what does she see?—a partner

in a celestial relationship, a sweetheart, a source of security, a pay check, a challenge, a boss, a wisp of the wind that can never be caught at home, or a headache? When I look at my wife what do I see?—

a partner in a celestial marriage, a lovely woman, an angel of mercy, a nuisance, a nagger, or a sinister manipulator?

As we look at our marriage, do we see a developing Likewise, clear recognition of what partnership, a growing relationship, an enticing chal- a celestial marriage is becomes lenge, a struggle for survival, a competitive game or needful in understanding how to battlefield, a romantic episode, or a routine existence? develop one. The guidelines for

Celestial marriage, ordained and created by God, such a marriage are contained in is begun with the temple ceremony, but it becomes the scriptures, but they aren't al- a living reality only as a couple grows into it. ways easy to pick out. The scripThere is no perfect marriage. For each of us there tures talk much of love, which

is just this marriage in which we are involved. There is certainly the basis for richness

is no perfect partner, including ourselves. There are in human relationships. But the

just the one we have and the one we are. There is designation of some measuring

no absolute one way to build a celestial marriage. sticks to know when we have

There is just the way which best unleashes the most achieved love, or even what we possibilities in this pair joined by holy ordinance. are trying to achieve, is, like much

There are no other resources to use in building the of the scriptures, left for those who marriage than those brought in the personalities of have eyes to see and ears to hear.

the partners and what they can call forth from the spiritual resources provided by God, by their faith, and through personal growth. There are only principles to learn, understand, and apply. r

Let us discuss some of these principles. But, before

doing so, one other point should be noted. If you had

never seen a large, beautiful plant or tree, you would 1 1 have a hard time knowing when you had grown one. >''f

The three articles in this series were published originally under the -iiii.ii.ius> JB'J||

title "Moss on Marriage,"by Extension Publications, Brigham Young

University, Provo, Utah.

22 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA rF

lestial Marriage

Seeing and hearing such things tributions in building a relationship, one has to feel become even more difficult when likable and liked.

we have been reared in a world in Now, if some of the best thinkers on the subject which the model of marriage is not are agreeing that this type of marriage is the "rich"necessarily the celestial one. marriage, what have we to add from the gospel? The

The advertised marriage model interpretation of love given in the scriptures seems to in our country often sounds like imply sharing and appreciation and companionshipsomething out of a fabulous novel all three being of significance. It would seem that the

wherein feelings and emotions run world is catching a glimpse of some of the vital inhigh and the ecstasy of love is the gredients of richness in human relationships. The one

key ingredient sought. But behind ingredient which the gospel adds is spirituality. This

"1—'Ejg--w.; this front stage appearance, some gives purpose to life and a depth to the sharing and

of the leading thinkers of our world companionship which are above and beyond human are describing a model for marriage creativeness.

which comes closer to our concepIn speaking of a couple whose love had grown tion. In this model, sharing and through the years to full maturity, Felix Adler, the

appreciation and companionship psychologist, 'once said:

are the key ingredients. "Together they have traveled the road of life, and

Let us examine these three inremembrance now holds them close, remembrance of gredients. Sharing implies partnermany hours of ineffable felicity, or a sense of union

ship. Unless one feels such a as near to bliss as mortal hearts can realize, of high

sharing, partnership throughout aspirations pursued in common, of sorrows sharedeternity would hardly be a desirsacramental sorrows. And now, nearing the end, hand

able goal. Companionship implies in hand, they look forth upon the wide universe, and

doing things together—planning, the love which they found in themselves and still find

deciding, and doing. In a celestial there to the last becomes to them a pledge of the

marriage both partners must convaster love that moves beyond the stars and suns."

tinue to grow as individuals if they (Felix Adler, Incompatibility in Marriage [New York:

would feed continually new rich- D. Appleton and Co., 1930], p. 15.)

ness into the marriage. One growOr as expressed by David Mace, the noted English

ing at the expense of the other is marriage counselor:

certainly not sharing nor compan- "What husband and wife need for the full maturing ionship. Without the experience of of their relationship is a sense of shared destiny, a

doing things together, there is little feeling that they are members of a team working in opportunity for sharing. Apprecia- a great cause, united in the service of mankind. Some

tion implies respect. Without reof the most deeply happy married couples I have

spect for self and partner, one has known have found their happiness in pursuing tono hope, no vision, and certainly gether the destiny which they deeply believed they no eagerness to engage in partnerhad come to share."( David Mace, Success in Marriage

ship activities. To be anxious to [New York: Abingdon Press, 1958], p. 42.)

grow individually or to make con- I have an atheist friend who has one of the richest

JANUARY 1966 23 but there will always be honest differences

of marriages. There is sharing and companionship. "I'm sure she does. She seems

Each has a deep appreciation for the other, and they very good at manipulating things share a feeling of service to mankind through the so that she gets what she really education and training of children. They have all wants but he thinks it is his idea.

these things, but they lack spirituality—a sense of She's also strong enough that, in a

partnership with God and the divine love that fills few things, she really holds out the universe. It is this great partnership with God against him."

and the resulting depth of living we must grasp and "Tell me,"I said, "what would exemplify, or we have nothing to provide to the world. happen in this marriage if the

Sharing feeds on emotional honesty. People can husband better realized what he

share only that which they have available within their did and its effects on the marpersonalities. Thus, every person has good that he riage?"

can share. Every marriage has magnets which bind "Well,"said the sister, "I suspect

the relationship together. But these magnets are not she'd not have to manipulate things

the same for all couples. Sometime ago I was asked so much, and life would be a little

the question, "Is there such a thing as a husband who more relaxed. And, I guess, maybe

is too easygoing and doesn't have too much to say they'd find it easier to talk together one way or another?"The question reflects the conand do more things together, rather

cern of a lady seeking for a sense of sharing, but than so much of what he wants.

apparently limited by her husband's responses. Maybe they would even get to

There are many such men—and women—who either know each other better."

have few real concerns or are unable to express what There is a particular pattern of they feel. A sharing relationship with such an indisharing in this couple's marriage,

vidual does not develop the same way as it will with but with some limitations. It will

a different personality. not change quickly, and, if mainThere are dominating people to whom others must tained, its quality will depend

display some signs of dependency. There are cautious* greatly upon the ability of that wife

people married to people who are more dynamic and to create sharing experiences and aggressive. Our partner's personality may be very to weave her life with that presimilar to ours, but there will always be honest differscribed by the husband.

ences which will appear and around which our sense This is not just a matter of family of sharing must develop. leadership. A man can lead and

A girl once asked me what I meant by emotional honesty. Since I knew her brother and his wife, I

suggested them as an example.

"Tell me,"I said, "what was it like to live with your brother?""He's likable, interesting, very capable, and usually pleasant,"was her response.

"I know this,"I said. "Tell me more."

"Well, he always has to have his way."

"Does he realize this?"I asked.

"No, not really,"she replied.

I then asked, "Does his wife realize it, and is she able to handle it?"

24 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

which will appear and around which our sense of sharing must develop

that the girl feels left out?"The answer has to be that

both are problems—realities which would affect

the ability of this couple to share if they should marry.

At the moment, the particular problem was that the girl had feelings of being left out but had been unable to openly and honestly admit them. She was more

sensitive to feelings of being left out than the average girl. This was a reality which she had to deal with,

both in mate selection and in the nature of the sharing which would go on in her marriage.

Continuing with the conversation, she said, "We went to the ball game the other night. In the midst

of the game he became very interested and leaned forward, concentrating on it. He didn't pay any attention to me, and I began to feel left out. Finally, I

reached out and tapped him on the shoulder and said, 'Remember me?'He replied, 'Shut up and watch the

ball game.'"

The girl wanted some sharing. The fellow was in-

\ volved in the ball game, and she was not. So she

preside without imposing his will turned to him to ask him to help her become a part upon people except when inspired. of what was going on. Instead of so responding, he

Dominating men act as though told her to take care of herself. She could not and

their every action is inspired, and as a result spent the rest of the game in resentment there are but few so faithful as to and anger, which she turned loose on him on their walk that closely with God. way home. This fellow's concentration will be most

Sometime ago a girl came into my helpful to him occupationally. But the girl who maroffice and said, "Brother Moss, my ries him is likely to be ignored at times. This was an

boy friend has a problem!"In conemotional reality which this girl had to face and deversation I found that the problem cide whether she could Jive with or not. It was a

was that the fellow could not tell reflection of areas in which sharing would not be easy the girl how he felt about things. for them but, if handled right, could be accepted and

So I asked the girl, "Can't he ever the sharing incidences built in other ways.

tell you how he feels?"I told this story one time at a BYU Education Week,

Her reply, "Only when I press and after the session a lady came up to say, "I have him to tell me."an even better one for you. When we go to a ball

I asked, "Why do you want to game my husband is just like a teenager. He raves

know how he feels most of the and screams with the best of them. This proved very

time?"annoying to me until I even felt embarrassed to go to

She said, "Any girl who is in- a game with him. Guess how we solved it?"I admitted

terested in a fellow wants to know I was most interested, and she went on to say, "When how he feels or she feels left out."we go to a game now, I tell him to go with his friends

Now, we can say, "Who has the and have fun, and I go with my friends. We don't sit

problem? Is the problem that the together at ball games any more, and we both enjoy

fellow cannot express himself or them."{Continued on page 48)

JANUARY 1066 25 The Natural Man...An

BY ALMA P. BURTON

ASSISTANT ADMINISTRATOR OF SEMINARIES AND

INSTITUTES OF RELIGION

The Prophet Joseph Smith received a revelation for the responsibility for the instruction of children upon the Church declaring: the parents. In this dispensation he revealed:

"Every spirit of man was innocent in the beginning; "And again, inasmuch as parents have children in

and God having redeemed man from the fall, men Zion, or in any of her stakes which are organized, that became again, in their infant state, innocent before teach them not to understand the doctrine of repenGod."(D&C 93:38.) tance, faith in Christ the Son of the living God, and of

Man was as innocent after birth as he was before baptism and the gift of the Holy Ghost by the laying birth. Adam's transgression was atoned for through on of the hands, when eight years old, the sin be

the blood of Jesus Christ, as Paul stated: upon the heads of the parents.

"For as in Adam all die, even so in Christ shall "For this shall be a law unto the inhabitants of all be made alive."(1 Cor. 15:22.) Zion, or in any of her stakes which are organized.

Continuing the revelation to Joseph Smith, the "And their children shall be baptized for the reLord stated: mission of their sins when eight years old, and

"And that wicked one cometh and taketh away receive the laying on of hands.

light and truth, through disobedience, from the chil- "And they shall also teach their children to pray, dren of men, and because of the tradition of their and to walk uprightly before the Lord."(D&C

fathers."(D&C 93:39.) 68:2528.)

These scriptures reveal that we are innocent before When a child reaches the age of accountability, he

God because of the atonement of Christ; that the begins to exercise his agency, and this he does on the

wicked one, meaning the devil, takes light and truth basis of his experience and knowledge acquired during from some of the children of men, which causes them his first eight years in mortality. He also exercises his

to go astray; and finally, that others lose die light and agency on the basis of his experience as a spirit

truth which they formerly possessed and go astray child prior to earth life. If he has been properly taught

because of the traditions of their fathers. When we in the ways of the Lord here, and if he was valiant

become accountable before God, we begin to exercise in the preexistence, he will have an advantage over our agency; and if we then follow the enticements of the one who has not been valiant prior to earth life

Satan and do not repent, we are led away from the and who has not had the advantage of good instruclight and truth we once had. If we lose the desire tion and example in the home. It is all the more signifiand the will to repent and become servants of the cant that parents in Zion properly teach their children

devil, then we become carnal, sensual, and devilish. the doctrines of the kingdom. Those having been

When we lose the Spirit of the Lord and love Satan's properly taught have the responsibility of keeping the ways more than the Lord's way, then we become an commandments of God and cannot be relieved from enemy to God as Satan is an enemy to God. the awful and fearful outcome of their deeds if they

The purpose that God has in protecting children do not remain faithful. Benjamin taught regarding this:

against the temptation of Satan is that they may be "And now, I say unto you, my brethren, that after prepared when they become eight years of age to ye have known and have been taught all these things, live above sin, for the most part, and to remain close if ye should transgress and go contrary to that which to their Heavenly Father. has been spoken, that ye do withdraw yourselves from

The importance of youth being properly taught the Spirit of the Lord, that it may have no place in cannot be overstressed. The Lord has always placed you to guide you in wisdom's paths that ye may be

26 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

teachinq CONDUCTED BY THE CHURCH SCHOOL. SYSTEM toEnemy God? PART TWO

blessed, prospered, and preserved—seeking to remedy our own defects, if we are so living

"I say unto you, that the man that doeth this, the that we can ask God for light, for knowledge, for same cometh out in open rebellion against God; intelligence, and above all, for His Spirit, that we may

therefore he listeth to obey the evil spirit, and beovercome our weaknesses, then, I can tell you, we are cometh an enemy to all righteousness [this is Benjain the straight and narrow path that leads to life min's central theme. that when we turn away from eternal. Then we need have no fear."(Gospel StanGod we become an enemy to him by our disobedidards, pp. 184185.

ence]; therefore, the Lord has no place in him, for King Benjamin pointed out that all men would be

he dwelleth not in unholy temples. judged, "... every man according to his works,

"Therefore if that man repenteth not, and remaineth whether they be good, or whether they be evil."

and dieth an enemy to God, the demands of divine ( Mosiah 3:24. ) And then he stated:

justice do awaken his immortal soul to a lively sense "And if they be evil they are consigned to an awful of his own guilt, which doth cause him to shrink from view of their own guilt and abominations, which doth the presence of the Lord, and doth fill his breast with cause them to shrink from the presence of the Lord guilt, and pain, and anguish, which is like an ununto a state of misery and endless torment, from quenchable fire, whose flame ascendeth up forever whence they can no more return; therefore they have

and ever."(Mosiah 2:3638.) drunk damnation to their own souls."(Mosiah 3:25.)

The Lord revealed further information to the Again the thought is emphasized that they have

Prophet Joseph Smith on this subject: "drunk damnation to their... souls,"and they alone

"And that he created man, male and female, after are responsible for their waywardness in following his own image and in his own likeness created he after Satan and for the damnation they suffer.

them; "Therefore, they have drunk out of the cup of the

"And gave unto them commandments that they wrath of God, which justice could no more deny unto should love and serve him, the only living and true them than it could deny that Adam should fall because

God, and that he should be the only being whom they of his partaking of the forbidden fruit; therefore,

should worship. mercy could have claim on them no more forever.

"But by the transgression of these holy laws man "And their torment is as a lake of fire and brimbecame sensual and devilish, and became fallen man."stone, whose flames are unquenchable, and whose

(D&C 20:1820.) smoke ascendeth up forever and ever."(Mosiah 3:26Here again is proclaimed the doctrine that man 27.)

became sensual and devilish and fallen man by transHe who finds himself in such a condition is the gressing the holy laws of God. enemy to God that King Benjamin has reference to,

President Heber J. Grant taught that while man is and he will continue to be an enemy to God "unless

not able to live perfectly, he who is striving to live he yields to the enticings of the Holy Spirit, and putthe commandments of God is following the path that teth off the natural man and becometh a saint through leads to life eternal. the atonement of Christ the Lord, and becometh as a

"I do not believe that any man lives up to his ideals, child, submissive, meek, humble, patient, full of love, but if we are striving, if we are working, if we are willing to submit to all things which the Lord seeth trying, to the best of our ability, to improve day by fit to inflict upon him, even as a child doth submit day, then we are in the line of our duty. If we are to his father."(Mosiah 3:19. ) (Continued on page 62)

JANUARY 1966 27 As Al started out the door to catch the bus to the ski resort, his mother called, "Be sure to watch the time and plan to be back early for the award banquet. Remember,

Dad took the day off from his trucking job to see you receive your Eagle Scout award. He would be very upset if you

didn't think enough of him to be here on time. His job means our living, you know."

"I know. I want him to be proud of me."

Al's blue eyes glowed.

"He is, but his job must come first, as a rule. He felt this occasion was special."

BY GLADYS HESSER BURNHAM The other two boys, Mel and Ralph,?

'-iz*?A Mel's younger brother, were waiting, and they trudged to the bus, all excited.

It was Ralph's first real trip. He had been skiing on short hills for some time.

They boarded the ski lift to the top of Mt. Baldy and then were to climb a

hundred yards or so to the saddle and ski down the other side and around the base of this mountain peak and be picked up not too far from the base of the lift. It wasn't a regular run, but the older boys had done it before, and it gave

them such a feeling of accomplishment, to be so alone and yet not too far away.

It was a long gentle slope and shouldn't keep them out late. Al had such a good feeling to think

his father was to see him receive his scout award.

After eating their lunches at the top of the ski lift, Melvin, Ralph, and Al topped the snowpacked rise of the hill and stood viewing the vast expanse of snowlocked wonderland. All around

them the mountains towered, cold and forbidding. Ahead, down a

smoothlooking expanse the ski run fell away steeply, then more gent- '% ii ly. It had been a hard

climb, but now it was all downhill and easy. iST'

"All set,"said Al. "I surely hope it won't take us too long to get down. My dad stayed home

from his truck run today just to be able to go to my Eagle Scout award dinner with me tonight.

First time in a long time he has been able to take any time off."

Mel said, "I'll break trail the first part. Ralph, you next. Here goes,"and giving a grand push,

down he went.

28 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Ralph, being a year younger and out for the first time on a long run, needed the protection the two older boys offered. He was a little fearful of the long incline, but bravely pushed off.

Al glanced around at the aweinspiring scenery, listened to the eerie stillness, and shoved off.

As he rounded a huge pine tree, he pulled up short and yelled for Mel. Ralph was lying crumpled

up, one leg under him, the other ski sticking up in the air. In the stillness his voice should have

carried, but Mel didn't stop.

Frantically Al checked to see if Ralph were breathing. He was, but seemed to be knocked out.

Al decided his leg must be broken. He eased him around more comfortably and took stock.

Remembering his scout training he searched for limbs and branches to keep a fire burning. He

built a good small fire close to Ralph, who was protected by the big rock that must have thrown him and had been partially uncovered by his fall. It made a little protection from the wind on

one side, and the pine just across the cleared space helped on the other side. With his scout ax he

cut pine branches for a bed.

Now that he was partially prepared, he turned to Ralph and rubbed snow on his forehead, and soon he opened his eyes.

"What happened? I'm a fine

friend.""Careful. Don't move. I think

your leg is broken. You've been

'out'for quite a while. You had

me scared."

"Did Mel go on ahead?"

"Yes, I yelled but he didn't hear me. He will miss us at the bottom

and go for help."

Al washed off the bruised face with snow water. What was he

going to do about the scout dinner? He had promised his dad he

would be home early. Could he

go on down and leave Ralph alone? What if no one came before morning?

Ralph broke his revery. "I'm sure glad I was in the middle. I'd hate to stay here alone."

"Oh, Mel will get help before too long."He threw more wood on the fire.

"It's a good thing you and I have all the canteens and the lunch that was left. At least we

won't starve."

Dusk came early in this high valley hemmed in by higher moun- (Continued on page 64)

JANUARY 1966 29 After three years of acquiring registrations and further developing the program, the Genealogical

Society's Pedigree Referral Service (PRS) is now in full operation. The service was first introduced in

January 1963, at which time all persons pursuing genealogical interests, both members of the Church and nonmembers, were invited to register with PRS their direct ancestral surnames together with the localities and periods of time involved. Since that

time, PRS participants have registered nearly half a million surname entries, and the PRS file is growing steadily each month as more and more persons learn of the service.

The goal of PRS is to bring together those individuals who have the same ancestry and who are performing genealogical research on the same lines. After

registering the surnames, localities, and periods of time from their pedigrees, persons are eligible to request searches in the PRS file for the names and addresses of other PRS participants who have registered similar information. Once in communication

with others of the same ancestry, these individuals can perform their genealogical research in cooperation with one another, thereby helping to prevent duplication in research.

Realizing that several generations back many researchers are descended from the same ancestors, the need for cooperation in locating and identifying these ancestors is obvious. It is with this idea in mind that

the Genealogical Society devised the Pedigree Referral Service to stimulate cooperation among individuals in their research and to encourage sharing of genealogical findings.

PRS is strictly a participantoriented service. The

file of surnames, localities, and periods of time being accumulated can consist only of the information registered by those participating in the service. The

service is in no way connected with the processing of records for temple ordinance work or with any of the Genealogical Society's files of family group records or baptisms and endowments performed. Neither is

IN FULL SWING

PRS connected with the sendees performed by the ever, there is a charge for inquiries. PRS is not a

Genealogical Society's research department. PRS is a profitproducing service; the vast initial investment

separate sendee entity operated by the library. required to develop the program and to get the senice

PRS works on a "pigeonhole"principle. Have you going was subsidized by the Genealogical Society.

ever gone to the post office to ask for general delivery The charge for inquiries is calculated to cover the mail? Did you notice how the mail is sorted alphamajor portion of the cost of the computer time inbetically and placed in little pigeonholes waiting to volved in answering inquiries.

be claimed? PRS works in this manner, except that In the early stages of the program, including the

the pigeonholing is done by computers and the facts present and the next year or so, the registration portion are stored on magnetic tapes. To give you an idea of of the program should receive the most active emphahow the program works, imagine such a post office sis. It is possible that inquiries made at present will

arrangement and picture yourself going to a clerk and yield good success, but there is also a chance that no asking for all the names and addresses in the box results will be obtained. Participants may desire to

labeled: ATKINSON, from Marshfield, Plymouth submit test inquiries to see what kind of response

County, Massachusetts, during the period 17501850. they will receive. If the response is good, fine; but

The clerk then hands you the names and addresses participants should not be discouraged if no results of all other persons who have come in and made are obtained.

registrations containing this information, which were Before inquiries can be made, participants inquiring later sorted into this particular box. Of course, PRS already must have registered with PRS and have reregistrations and inquiries are made in a much more ceived a PRS Number. The PRS Number is the parmodern and efficient manner, thanks to the amazing ticipant's assigned identification number. After this

abilities of today's machines, but the oldfashioned number is received, it must appear on all communiprinciple behind the operation is as down to earth cations with PRS. The reason for limiting inquiries

as sorting mail. to those who have registered is to encourage the

It can be easily understood that the more registragrowth of the file.

tions there are, the greater are the chances that there As stated earlier, the goal of PRS is to get people will be names and addresses to obtain. If there are together who are working on the same lines. Once they

no names and addresses in the "pigeonhole,"this are in communication with each other, these people simply means no one has yet registered the surname can work together. Thus, after PRS has fulfilled

you are looking for from the particular locality and its purposes and has people together, the individuals period of time; but there may be many persons whose themselves should then share their findings. It is

names and addresses could be obtained if only they surprising how often new leads or new informawould register. tion is discovered in the hands of some fardistant

A most important factor in the success of PRS is cousin. Such comments as, "If I had only known about

the size of the PRS file. The file grows as more and you sooner,"are common in genealogical circles.

more individuals register the surnames, localities, and Undoubtedly in the future, the first step for beginperiods of time from their pedigrees. Each year ning genealogists the world over will be to register

hundreds of thousands of names may be added to the with PRS. Next, they will submit inquiries pertaining

file. Thus the sendee becomes increasingly more useto the surnames they are interested in. This will put

ful as time goes by and as the file grows. the beginner in touch with others who are working

There is no charge for individuals to register; howon the same lines he (Continued on page 64)

JANUARY 1966 31 SINCE CUMORAH NEW VOICES FROM THE DUST

BY HUGH NIBLEY. PH.D.

PROFESSOR OF HISTORY AND RELIGION

BR1GHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

[Dr. Nibley conall quite familtinues with the iar, the story of

windows that the the two halves

Book of Mormon of Joseph's garopens on strange ment and what and forgotten they meant. The

customs and trastory has been ditions that are preserved from just now being ancient Jewish brought tolight.] sources in the

(50) Some. pages of Tha'-

years ago we labi, but I have called attention never found it to the undenianywhere else ably Iranian nor ever seen a background to translation of the story of MoTha'labi. Where

roni's "title of could Joseph liberty"in the Smith have got story of Kawe, it?

the founder of (52) In the the religious Book of Morearthen dishes and ancient artifacts, wooden These rare meet we oil mon ofbrotherhood Church recently by the were obtained in Jordan lamps, found peculiar with athe Magi, who Archaeological Museum. Palestine the through

with his leather rite of hanging.

apron borne aloft as a banner ralDead Sea Scrolls/'7 Moroni, howWhen a notorious debunker of relied the people to gain their freeever, while actually announcing ligion was convicted of murder, dom and thus laid the traditional that he is following a familiar Old "they carried him upon the top of foundations of the Persian nation. 36 World tradition, traces the custom the hill Manti, and there he was

It is still not clear how Iran gets back not to the founder of the caused, or rather did acknowledge, into the picture, but nothing is Magi but to the founder of Israel, between the heavens and the more certainly agreed upon among Jacob himself. (51) He recalls to earth, that what he had taught to

scholars today than that Iranian the minds of his hearers a story the people was contrary to the influences are very strong in the with which he indicates they are word of God; and there he suffered

32 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

an ignominious death."(Alma number 42 is even more significant Old World statistical pattern with

1:15.) A like fate was suffered in the Pharaonic economy, where an absolute predominance of the

centuries later by the traitor Zemthe 42 nomes and the 42 blessings name Ammon, with Manti second narihah. This goes back to a very of the king's coronation have a in order, and a heavy emphasis

old tradition indeed, that of the symbolic significance, and the king on names beginning with "Pa"and first false preachers, Harut and must be replaced at the end of a high frequency of the elements

Marat (fallen angels), who first regnal period divisible by six or "mor"and "hor."44 (59) It is hard

corrupted the word of God and as seven years. 41 The reasons for this to explain bull's-eyes like Korihor,

a result hang to this day between we do not know, but the reality and Pahoran, and Paankhi as pure acheaven and earth confessing their the antiquity of the traditions cidents. Paankhi was a popular

sin. Their counterpart in Jewish match very well in the Old World Egyptian name in the seventh

tradition is the angel Shamozi, and the New. century BC, but it was not known

who "repented, and by way of The Book of Mormon is so until the end of the last century;

penance hung himself up between generous with proper names that and what American would dream heaven and earth."38 These may be no other evidence should be of cooking up such combinations

only old legends, but they were necessary to establish its authenas "aa"or "kh"? Interestingly

legends that certain ancient people ticity. Along with a sprinkling of enough, there are two separate

took very seriously, and they are Arabic, Greek, and possibly Hittite Korihors (the name is spelled variknown to the author of the Book or Hurrian names, more than two ously) in the Old World, the one of Mormon. hundred proper names are almost a genuine Egyptian name (Kheri-

(53) The Book of Mormon conequally divided between Hebrew hor, Hurhor, etc., was a high priest

tains a remarkable account of a and Egyptian forms. Incidentally, and chief judge who seized the

plague of serpents in the early (55) the prevalence in Palestine throne in 1085 BC ), and the other days, long before Lehi's time, that of Egyptian culture circa 600 BC of Asiatic origin going back to the made life very hard for the cattle, is one of the claims for which our dawn of history. 43 This is interand of how the snakes were finallytext was long held up to ridicule, esting because there are also two

exterminated in the rule of a great but today a lot is known about the forms of the name in the Book of king, who also led his people in really intimate cultural ties beMormon, the one (Corihor) being big communal hunts. It all sounds tween the two peoples. (56) A an important Jaredite name, and

very archaic, and it can be parallarge part of the Hebrew names in the other (Korihor) the name of leled very closely in the Egyptian the Book of Mormon are nonbibli- a Nephite chief judge.

records that recall how the sercal, but preserve the authentic (60) Of particular interest is the pents once plagued the cattle and forms of the Hebrew names of the name Hermounts because of its how the settlers of the land under period as attested in newly extreme oddity. Until two years

their great migratory king exterdiscovered documents. 12 Some ago this writer always passed it by

minated the serpents and then important place names we have in silence, being unable to make divided the land into hunting doonly in translation in the Book of anything of it. But when a student

main and farm land, exactly as did Mormon, the best known being asked for an explanation of the

King Lib. 39 Bountiful and Desolation. Bountiword in its Book of Mormon con-

(54) Another oddity of the ful is a typical colonizer's name ( cf text, its source became instantly "protohistoric"period in the Book Olbia, Euxin), while it is known clear; Hermounts in the Book of

of Ether is the staging of an upthat the ancient Semites gave the Mormon is the wild country of the rising at the end of 42 years of a name Hormah, meaning Destrucborderlands, the hunting grounds, king's reign. (Ether 8:10, 15, 32.) tion or Desolation, "to any scene "that part of the wilderness which

Why 42? Whatever the reason, it is of defeat."4 "was infested by wild and ravenous

interesting to find in the oldest king- ( 57 ) Book of Mormon theophorbeasts."(Alma 2:37.) The equivalist of Mesopotamia among regnal ic names such as Gadianhi, Korilent of such a district in Egypt is

years that are obviously symbolic hor, Amnihor, etc., follow the Hermonthis, the land of Month,

and astral ( most being multiples of proper rules of construction with the Egyptian Pan, the god of wild 12, 36, or 52) a significant number the conventional employment of places and things. Hermounts and

of reigns that are multiples of 42—mimation and nunation. (5$) The Hermonthis are close enough to

2100, 840, 420, 2310, 21.'The Egyptian names even fall into the satisfy the most exacting philoloJANUARY 1966 33

gist. 4,i (61) The Egyptian Month arunash?50 Aruna-sh corresponds explanation that this document

of Hermonthis was an extremely closely enough with Irrean-t(um), has been written with his own popular figure in Lehi's day, to but we won't include it among our fingers. (Cf. 1 Nephi 1:3: "And I

judge by the great frequency with more valid parallels since we know that the record which I make which his name occurs in the throw it in. just for fun. is true; and I make it with mine

composition of proper names in Another name to play with is own hand; and I make it according

various forms: Montu, Mendes, Rameumptum, designating the to my knowledge.") Incidentally,

Menti, etc.; it is the Book of Morhigh stands at the ceremonial the namepair is interesting: the

mon Manti, next to Ammon, the places of the Zoramites, a people scribe is Amoni the son of Amonah commonest name element in the who preferred the old customs of—a combination strongly reminisNephite onomasticon. 47 the Mulekites to the discipline of cent of certain Book of Mormon

A surprisingly large number of the Nephites. The Mulekites, it family names.

studies have appeared in recent will be recalled, were a mixed (64) In these articles we have years on the subject of Egyptian crowd of Near Eastern emigrants pointed out the authentic form of names for the Red Sea, the reason who took little stock in the rites the Testament of Lehi as thoroughbeing that the Egyptians had and customs of the Jews. Recently ly typical of a large number of

many names and were always Leipoldt has shown that the pillarearly Jewish apocryphal writings, making up others. Especially in sitting monks of Syria, who caused as (65) some years ago we noted

the late period, according to a resuch a sensation in early Christian that Lehi's "qasidah"(1 Nephi cent report, the Egyptians were times, were actually carrying on an 2:9-10) fits every specification of

fond of "evolving new names for ancient pagan tradition in the the earliest known form of desert different seas."48 (62) Again, the land, by which a man would poetry. (66) We have also called

reason for the odd practice is not mount on a high pillar at some attention above to the way in known, but it is entirely in keeping important ceremonial center and which the biblical quotations in with Lehi's behavior: "And we from the top of it pray for the the Book of Mormon depart from

beheld the sea, which we called people. 51 The performance of the the Masoretic and Septuagint texts

Irreantum, which, being interpreChristian stylites consisted of endat those very places (and only ted, is many waters. "( 1 Nephi 17:5. less gyrations atop a high pillar. there) where those two disagree

Italics added.) "Many waters"is A large number of related Greek with each other, showing that the

a typical Egyptian designation words describe the idea: Remb-, original readings have been lost.

(that is the meaning of Fayyum, ramp-, rhamphimply wild ecstatic (67) The muchridiculed Book of in fact), but what about "Irrecircling motions, especially in the Mormon practice of beginning antum"? It is not a Semetic name, air. The word has been traced every sentence with "It came to

and Lehi even goes to the trouble back to a Phoenician original, pass"or "Behold"is now vindicated of translating it. It has recently raba- (Hebrew tab), applied to a as conventional Egyptian usage. 53

been shown that one of the more kind of missile launcher. Could we (68) Also the term "reformed

common Egyptian names for the be here on the trail of our word Egyptian"has been assailed with

Red Sea was Iaru, which is not Rameumptum? furor for many years. When the

Egyptian and the meaning of Literary clues to authenticity Book of Mormon was published, which is unknown. 49 That would swarm in the Book of Mormon. Champollion had not yet applied

take care of the "Irre-"element in (63) The colophons are impresthe name of "demotic"to that

Lehi's name, while "-antum"can sive. The first three verses of the remarkable Egyptian shorthand

be matched by two characteristic Book of Mormon are a perfect which became the vogue in Lehi's

Egyptian forms, iny-t and 'anjt, colophon. Most colophons are day: actually, "reformed Egyptian"

both describing large bodies of more abbreviated than this (there is exactly what demotic is. 54

water, the former possibly the are a number in the Book of MorThe occasional change of person

Gulf of Suez, the latter the mon ). A readily accessible Egypor number in the midst of a sen-

"Waters of Busiris."On the other tian one is that at the end of the tence in the Book of Mormon,

hand, since "Iaru"has never been famous "Story of the Shipwrecked though bad English grammar, is explained, could it be related to Sailor."52 Here the reliability of really characteristic of the ancient

the old IndoEuropean word for the writer is established, the source prophets (and the Dead Sea "sea,"the Hittite form of which is of his information given with the (Continued on page 44)

34 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE TABERNACLE CHOIR SINGS

"THE BATTLE HYMN OF THE REPUBLIC

THE ORGANIST PLAYS THE GREAT ORGAN

BY WENDELL B. HAMMOND

There is a vast stillness on the virgin prairie;

A deep composure rests upon it as a mantle;

Absent is the whisper of a blade of grass.

Then comes the low, muted note of a meadowlark,

Then a chorus of many larks—throbbing, throbbing.

Now a glorious songbird on a golden bush

Pours out a melody so pure That cherubim might wish to echo

And do echo and repeat in chorus swelling,

Which transports us as on wings upward,

Upward and over the undulations of the prairie.

In joyous flight over the sweet prairie lands,

We are borne in serene exultationYes, over the undulations of the prairie

And the waving grass of the sweet prairie lands

To return to the glorious songbird

Whose rapturous chant abides with us

For time we wish unending.

For moments uncounted, for time unending.

Then appear swift eagles, wildly beating their great wings

They swerve near us, then soar upward;

We hear the winnowing of their triumphant wings.

Then the prairie trembles to the tread of armies,

For now the tattered blue and faded gray

Once again are marching, but in columns now as brothers,

Eagerly now to the roll, the stirring roll of drums,

Surely now and swiftly, for, transfigured by his glory,

They press on to meet the coming of the Lord;

The coming of the Lord they must behold.

Again the eagles, flashing by,

Scream as they soar and mount the heavens;

And the heavens in swift accord

Resound and echo in joyous peals of triumph.

The Tabernacle Choir has sung "The Battle Hymn of the Republic"

With the organist at the great organ.

january me,-/ i. "Wj

T.-;

v.:x-

sponsiB1 BY JOHN LAMB

This article was originally a talk given at Sacrament gregation. After seemingly hours of embarrassment,

meeting in the Philadelphia (Pennsylvania) Ward, he finally whispered to the minister, "I want to be where John Lamb is a member of the Church. Brother saved."The preacher asked, "Are you willing to be

Lamb, who joined the Church in 1957, is an ac- a good boy from now on?"Buddy stammered, "Yes."

complished musician and has toured with the Duke He was accepted as a candidate, was baptized, atEllington Band as a bass player. He is 31 years of age. tended meetings regularly, and paid his weekly

I would like to tell you a story about a boy whom church dues.

I shall call Buddy. He was born in a small southern Buddy continued to be active in his church until

town under restricted circumstances and grew up as highschool graduation. It was time to think about a

normally as he could. When he was nine years old career. Buddy enlisted in the Air Force.

he decided that it was time for him to join his parService life was different. While Buddy found that

ents'church. much discipline was required, he also discovered a

Buddy, from his earliest moments, had always parnew freedom from parents. He could have a beer if

ticipated in church activities like Sunday School. So he wanted and smoke without parental interference.

it was easy to become a member, especially after "Boy, this is great!"he said. He began drinking coffee,

promptings from older boys in the church. not because he particularly enjoyed it but because it

Joining was a simple matter. All Buddy had to do gave him a feeling of status and made him feel

was walk to the front, give the minister his hand, and grownup.

tell him why he wanted to be a member. This latter As you can see Buddy was a normal boy. His childrequirement was rather difficult for Buddy. When it hood and early military experiences were much like

was his turn, he just stood there looking at the conthose of any other American boy.

36 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA But there was a difference. classes in Catholicism.

Buddy was a Negro. One Catholic study session pulled me up straight.

And Buddy is me, John Lamb. The Catholic Church claimed that it could act in the

The fact is, I "quit"religion altogether when I got name of God. No Protestant church could claim this

into the sendee. It appeared to be only a Sunday authority because they all had broken off from the

gettogether. The teachings were vague and inconmother church.

sistent with Christian daily living. I began to Confusion thoroughly overtook me.

experience problems of adjustment to my military Jerry's calm answer when I took the question of surroundings and life in general. Frustrations and authority to him was that I had been misled. "Someanxieties took over. I went to doctors and nothing was day I'll prove it, John,"he promised. I challenged

wrong; my health was perfect. "Life must be better him to prove it and the sooner the better.

than this,"I thought. "Something must be done."Sometime later as Jerry was preparing to go to a

As a child I had been taught to pray but discarded meeting, I saw a Book of Mormon on his table and the habit as a teenager. I began to pray again, not inquired about it. Upon learning that it was one of

knowing what to expect but hoping that it would rethe scriptures of his Church, I requested a copy.

lieve my distressed feelings. The first several chapters did it. It was one of the

"If there is a God,"I prayed, "please guide me. most boring books I had ever read. Back on the shelf

I am willing to abide your commandments. I have it went where it collected dust for six months.

to know what is right and what is wrong."Every time I approached Jerry about his religion,

Shortly afterward, I decided to return to my old he was always busy. But I kept at him, and one day

faith. However, I found that this did not work. The he said, "Come upstairs, John."

same feelings of ignorance and inconsistency still linWith that beginning, the wonderful truths began gered in the church. to unfold. As he expounded, the scriptures all started

The next step in my search for peace of mind was to make sense. The Book of Mormon took on signifito study many religions. Not only did I investigate cant meaning. The foundation of revelation, the

numerous faiths, but I lived among many of the Air necessity of apostles and prophets, the authority to

Force members, learned their habits and their teachadminister ordinances, the restoration of the gospel and of the Holy Priesthood became vivid truths. As

I read the Joseph Smith story, it seemed as if I were reliving it. I, too, passed from ignorance to light.

To make a long story short, I was baptized into

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, received the Holy Ghost, and was accepted into membership.

"But John Lamb,"everyone I met seemed to ask,bility "what about the priesthood? You are a Negro! You

ings. The one thing I did learn was that all churches were really brainwashed by those Mormons, weren't

share good principles and hold much truth in common. you?"

But this was not enough for me. I kept searching. And my answer was, and still is: "I know this to be

My path always led me to the same place, the the inspired, restored gospel of Jesus Christ, not barracks where Jerry lived. Jerry was a Mormon from through blind faith, but through a knowledge that I

Salt Lake City who seemed to have the answers to have gained from our Heavenly Father."

many of my perplexing questions. My position in this restored Church reminds me of

I'll never forget first hearing about Jerry. My the parable of the talents. Two men received more

knowledge of Mormons was limited to a faint rememthan one talent each and multiplied them in their brance of Brigham Young, perhaps picked up in high lord's absence. Another man hid his talent. All of

school. One day I overheard a conversation: "Yeh, them were responsible for increasing their talents.

he's a Mormon,"one fellow said. "Who are you talkMen now holding the priesthood have a talent.

ing about?"another questioned. "That guy over there. For the present, God has given me other talents. It is

He's from Salt Lake, belongs to some religious outfit."my duty as a member of the Church to render service

The conversation didn't mean much at the time. in every way I possibly can, to increase the talents I

But I gradually got to know Jerry, which came in have been given. I am not excused and neither is a

handy when I became interested in various religions. priesthood holder.

I would always go to Jerry to find out what he had My brothers and sisters, we are eligible for the to say about points of scripture. Often I would quesblessings of the restored gospel of Jesus Christ. I

tion him on his beliefs. He had some good points, but pray we will ever make ourselves worthy to receive

I figured he could be wrong, so I started attending them.

JANUARY 1966 37 NAUVOO as seen artists and travelers

BY STANLEY B. KIMBALL

ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR OF HISTORY

SOUTHERN ILLINOIS UNIVERSITY

The fascinating, though until recently ignored and of littleknown travel literature, photographs, and forgotten, history of the Nauvoo period of our Church drawings of the 1840's pertaining to Nauvoo. This

is currently being restudied, reevaluated, and reinarticle is similar to the first in that it presents comterpreted as it has never been before. Nauvoo Restorapletely new or littleknown views of travelers and

tion, Inc., has already made considerable progress rare or unknown drawings of the 1850's and 1860's.

towards its ultimate goal of restoring Nauvoo. Southern For convenience the following accounts are arranged

Illinois University has also done much to contribute to in three categories: views of foreign travelers, those

the better understanding and study of Nauvoo. In of American citizens, and the descriptions of river and

1962 it excavated the Nauvoo Temple site and for the immigrant guides.

last five years has been collecting microfilm copies of For several reasons the account of a German, Dr.

all types of source material on the history of the Moritz Wagner, is the most interesting of the foreign

Church during the Nauvoo period. At the moment, visitors. 1 During 1852 and 1853 Wagner made an

this collection, the largest of its kind, consists of over extensive tour of the United States. In October of

ninety rolls of microfilm and is still growing. A second 1852 he was in Nauvoo. He records that there were

edition of an Annotated Catalogue of this collection is then scarcely 2,000 people in the city. He stayed

now in preparation. The National Park Service comovernight in the Mansion House and probably met

missioned David E. Miller of the University of Utah to the Prophet's widow, Emma Smith Bidamon, although

write a book on Nauvoo, and The University of Illinois he does not record it. 2

Press has just published Robert B. Flanders'Nauvoo: The most interesting and important contribution

Kingdom on the Mississippi. Even so, much remains of Wagner is his rather offhand remark that "on

to be done in this important period of church history, October 18 some building stones from the Mormon about which there is to date, unfortunately and unTemple were sold in my presence to a builder from accountably, no complete scholarly account. St. Louis for $1,500."3 (Considerable effort on the

In July 1962 the Era printed the author's sampler part of several members of the St. Louis Stake has

38 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA X

i* fc '- "# W.i *H*

f n i ** %t If Ml A m * av tf.* *vi d r

T

A pencil sketch of "Nauvoo, Illinois, from Montrose, Iowa'.'by Edwin Whitefield, drawn in }$5$ or

1857. Courtesy Missouri Historical Society, St. Louis.

JANUARY 1966 X

been expended in attempting to locate one of these We are fortunate that two members of this party, stones. To date we have not found one, but have sucJean-Francois Cretinon, a printer, and FrancoisMarie

ceeded in exploding several legends regarding their Lacour, a hatmaker, left behind a journal of their whereabouts. trip to Nauvoo, a brief account of Nauvoo, the story

French as well as German travelers visited Nauvoo. of their disillusionment with the Icarian movement

The French were particularly attracted to the area and their subsequent return to France. 5

since it was the headquarters of the Icarian moveWe are told that Nauvoo in 1855 was a modest comment from 1849 to 1859. 4 In 1855 a small group of munity of about 300 homes, which, while called a city

five French families from the industrial city of Vienne, in America, was large enough to warrant only the

France, decided to join the Icarian community at name "village"in France, that there were over 2,500

Nauvoo. French, German, English, and "American"inhabitants

Drawing of "The Ruins of the Temple of the Mormons,"shoiving on the left the Icarian sehoolhouse and on the right the Icarian dining hall and apartment as they appeared in 1855.

The sehoolhouse is still standing and is today used by us as our information center. This is the best known illustration of the "Nauvoo Temple Square."Reprinted from

J. F. Cretinon,

"Voyage en Icarie,"1855 Paris, 1952

c % 1 ** Pit**,*!:# * % 7 tf,mirmiill pim

I p i

in n*mwmsmm

Les mines (in Temple ties.Mormons Le Refeeto

40 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA who belonged to the Lutheran, Catholic, Methodist, Mormon faith, and I want you to tell all who inquire and Anabaptist churches, and the Icarian community. of you about me that I live in it and I intend to die in

They tell the familiar story of the attempt to rebuild it. My son Joseph, who was killed by the wicked, was

the temple, of its destruction by a strong wind in May a prophet, raised up by God to preach the everlasting 1850, and of the subsequent erection of a school from gospel. He preached it in time, and he is preaching it

temple stone near the temple. Lacour and Cretinon in eternity, and he holds the keys of the seventh diswere impressed with the number of travelers who pensation. He held them in time and he holds them in

visited Nauvoo, saying that almost every river vessel eternity and he received the golden plates from the stopped so that passengers could visit the community. angel of God from which the Book of Mormon was

They further write that many excursion boats came translated, and my son Hiram [Hyrum] held the keys to Nauvoo and that celebrations and festivities were of the Patriarchal Dispensation. He held them in time,

held near the temple. Of particular interest to us is the and he holds them in eternity."9

statement that new members of the Church on their Shortly after Kirk's visit, an Irishman by the name of way west to join the Saints in Salt Lake City often Jeremiah O'Donovan sailed down the Mississippi from made long detours in order to make a pilgrimage to Galena to St. Louis. En route the captain gave orders

Nauvoo. to stop at Nauvoo to take on fresh water. "I was

Some years later another Frenchman, Ernest anxious,"writes O'Donovan, "to< see the great Temple

Duvergier de Hauramne, spent eight months in the of Nauvoo, one of the wonderful wonders of America.

United States. No tour of the US was then considered... I was drunk with astonishment, and allowed at

complete without seeing at least part of the Mississippi once that hitherto reports concerning it had not been

Valley. In reference to Nauvoo he writes: "... one meretriciously exaggerated."He describes the desolate

sees the remains of an immense temple which the inwastes, the dilapidation, roofless houses, and dogs and habitants have not yet destroyed."6 He said that it hogs that roamed unrestrained.

reminded him of the Colosseum in Rome or the palace In 1854 Edmund Flagg contributed an article on of the Caesars. Nauvoo and the Mormons to a book The United

Men were not the only travelers on the Mississippi States Illustrated, which was edited by Charles A.

in those rather rugged days. A Swedish spinster and Dana. Most of Flagg's information consists of a hisamateur artist, Frederika Bremer, made a tour of torical sketch, but he does write that the population of

America collecting material on the homes of the New Nauvoo at the time was about 3,000 and that below the

World. On November 3, 1850 she was on the Missistown some thousands of Mormons "had been ensippi going downstream from Galena to St. Louis. camped preparatory to migration to Salt Lake City."10

Unfortunately she did not stop at Nauvoo and noted By far the most imaginative of this group of travelers only that "we are now in sight of Nauvoo, formerly to visit Nauvoo during this period was John C. Van

the capital of the Mormon district, and the magnifiTramp, who did some "adventuring"over the prairies cent ruin of their former temple is standing on its and in the Rocky Mountains. Sometime around 1866

elevated site."7 She reported that the Mormons had he visited Nauvoo. He called the temple a "magnificent

gone west to the shores of the Great Salt Lake and work of art,"and a "wonderful monument of the unity that Nauvoo was then in the hands of the Icarians. and energy of a strange people."At this point he let

The most interesting and least known of the followhis fancy run wild and informed his readers that "men ing comments and observations of American citizens are and maidens festooned the oxen"which supported the surely those of John Kirk, a traveling businessman who baptismal font; that the walls were enriched by "symworked out of Burlington, Iowa, and eventually settled bolic ornaments,"a reference no doubt to the sun,

in Chicago. He visited Nauvoo, April 3, 1853. He demoon, and star stones; that at the dedication of the

scribed Nauvoo as one of the prettiest places for a city temple it was illuminated with the "splendor of lamps he had ever seen and wrote that "if they had been and torches"; and that "prayers were uttered, chants

left alone until this time, what a wonder of the world sung, and bishops were arrayed in sacerdotal robes."11

it [Nauvoo] would have been!"8 The river immigrant guides of the day generally desHe took the time to visit the Prophet's mother, Lucy cribed Nauvoo for tourists and travelers. Conclins

Mack Smith. While visiting her in the Mansion House, New River Guide of 1853, for example, devoted

he asked her if she remained firm in the faith and retwenty-seven lines to Nauvoo, in which is presented corded the following strong testimony: "I am about to a rather favorable story. It related that there were

die. I may live until tomorrow night, I may live a "some very magnificent homes"in Nauvoo, that there

week. I am a member of the Church of [Jesus] Christ had been "difficulties"between the Mormons and the

[of Latterday Saints], and a firm believer in the citizens of the surrounding country, that Joseph Smith

JANUARY 1966 41 Pencil sketch of Nauvoo the temple and the Mississippi from by River Henry W. Waugh in 1858. This drawinahas been published but once before. Courtesy Missouri Historical Society, St. Louis.

42 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "was murdered by an armed band,"and that subsedrawing, but it is today in the possession of the quent trouble led to the expelling of the Mormons Lacour family in France and is printed in Cretinon, from the state. Voyage en Icarie..., facing page 145.

In Dana's Garden of the World: A Complete Guide A little later, in 1858, a Henry W. Waugh made

to Emigrants... of 1857, a brief history of the Church some pencil sketches of Nauvoo and the Nauvoo

is offered; the death of Joseph Smith is accurately preTemple. Little is known about the life of Waugh other

sented as a "murder by lynch law."The short account than that he was born about 1833, was a landscape,

ends with the following: "Not long after this terrible panorama, and scenery painter who worked in the

demonstration of hostility of the people [of Hancock Midwest in the midnineteenth century. It is believed

County] the Mormons left their prosperous city and his picture of Nauvoo is here reproduced for the moved west of the Mississippi. first time. ( See illustration number 2. ) His illustration

The place is now of comparatively small importance, of the temple has been printed but once before as though the beautiful site of the town, and the magfar as we know. (See illustration number 3.) 13

nificent scenery in the vicinity will well repay a visit The author discovered still another unknown view from tourists."12 of Nauvoo. ( See illustration number 4. ) It is a pencil

In Edward's Descriptive Gazetteer and Commercial sketch of Nauvoo from Iowa by Edwin Whitefield.

Directory of the Mississippi River of 1866, there is As with Waugh, very little is known about the life found the somewhat surprising and humorous informaof Whitefield. He was a landscape and flower artist

tion that Nauvoo had a population of 4,000—one who was born in England in 1816. He came to the

grocer, two hardware stores, two hotels (one of which United States as a young man and lived in New York was the Mansion House), three physicians, and fourCity until 1844. In 1856/1857 he made several trips

teen wine and brandy manufacturers. to Minnesota, at which time he made his sketch of

As mentioned in the author's July 1962 Improvement Nauvoo. He died in 1892.

Era article, pp. 512ff, the Mississippi Valley and River This and the previous article of July 1962 are in no

were favorite subjects for artists. Recently the author way offered as complete studies, but only as examples

discovered four slightly known representations of of the many and varied accounts in the relatively unNauvoo in the 1850's. explored field of printed and imprinted travel literaAt the time of the abovementioned pilgrimage to ture pertaining to the Nauvoo period of our Church.

Nauvoo by a group of Icarians in 1855, someone of that For the most part these accounts present fresh, spongroup made a drawing of the Nauvoo Temple which taneous, and generally favorable opinions regarding shows the temple area during the Icarian period better the Church in contrast to the studied diatribes which than any other known illustration. (See illustration were laboriously composed against the Church by

number 1. ) There is no indication as to who made the enemies and detractors.

FOOTNOTES

TMoritz Wagner, Reisen in NordCabet in 1856, the group broke up in 9 of Southern Illinois University collecamerica, 18521853 [Travels in North 1859. See Jules Prudhommeaux, Icarie tion of Mormon documents; original ms

America] (3 vols.; Leipzig, 1867). et son Fondateur Etienne Cabet ITcaria in Chicago Historical Society Library),

its Vol. (Paris, E. Cabet] 2". Founder 1907). 2, pp. 2934.

'Ibid.... Cretinon, Icarie F. en Voyage fanatischer..ein betrogenerBetriiger."Fanitiker,Ibid., dennp. 153.ahand 5 J.em

(ed.), A. 10Charles United Dana The in to Icaria 1855 ed. [Voyage 1855], sIdem. States Illustrated York, 1854), (New pp. (Paris, Ferand 1952). Rude folof Icarians a group were 4The 3746. "Ernest Duvergier Huit Hauramne, de revolutionary of the andlowers French Prairie C. Tramp, and "John Van en 18641865 Mois Amerique, [Eight leftsocial Cabet, Etienne reformer who.. Adventure Rocky Mountain. (Columin (Paris, America] Vol. Months 1866), States. for the in UnitedFrance 1847 bus, Ohio, 328. p. 1866),

1, p. 247. in establish his colony to failureAfter V'C. the Dana, World: Garden of W.

Texas and Louisiana, Cabet eventually 'Frederlka Bremer, The Houses of the A Complete Guide to Emigrants.,.

Impressions city into the deserted of America, New World: of Nauvoomoved York, 105. p. 1856), (New

to the trans. rebuild Mary Howett His attemptin 1849. (New York, 1853), "Bulletin the Historical Missouri of

temple failed, and after several years of Vol. 2, p. 73. Society, Vol. XIX, No. 1 (October 1962),

internal difficulties and the death of sJohn Kirk letterbooks (Microfilm roll p. 49.

JANUARY J966 43

Since Cumorah The theme of the Bible, he says, which from the Apocrypha. None

( Continued from page 34 is history, "the history of a society of the translations are ours.

embarked on a specific quest.... 1. Let us prepare our souls that

Scrolls), who when their speech A Jeremiah or an Ezekiel could we may enter into possession of, becomes wrought up or inspired and did read past biblical history and not be taken possession of. 59

are apt to confuse singular and while each was making biblical 2. (In preparing for the Mesplural, second and third persons. 55 history to come. Neither could siah) they have become free forThis we give as a vindication have named many books that ever... to act for themselves and

rather than a significant parallel. were ultimately to constitute the not to be acted upon,... 60

There are many such minor deOld Testament."All this, as we 1. But judging them little by

tails that might be pointed out: have seen, applies with equal force little thou gavest them an opporthe consistent use of the word to Nephi, who seems to have just tunity of repentance, Thou knew-

"seed"for progeny, for example, is the same idea of the Scriptures as est their nature was evil. 61

actually as common in Egyptian as do Jeremiah and Ezekiel. 58 2. And thus the devil cheateth

in the Book of Mormon. 56 An Identification Test. It is to their souls, and leadeth them away

(69) The peculiar custom of the Apocrypha rather than to the carefully down to hell. 62

Book of Mormon generals of inBible that one must turn for much 1. He that diggeth a pit sha'l fall

forming the enemy commanders of the peculiar imagerv in the Book into it, and he that setteth a saare of their plans and asking for and of Mormon, and that is significant shall be taken in it.63

actually receiving certain -concesbecause (71) the Apocrypha in 2.... that great pit which hath

sions before a battle has been the question were unknown to the been digged for the destruction of subject of intense ridicule in the world of Joseph Smith. We have men shall be filled by those who

past. Today such a procedure noted above such images as the digged it,... G4

would be considered insane, and fountain and tree of life, the olive 1. Woe to you, ye rich, for ye

yet we know it was followed by tree, the filthy water, the three have trusted in your riches, and

Lehi's contemporaries in the Old men in white, the great and from you your riches shall depart. 65

World. One of them, with the good spacious building, the straying in 2. But wo unto the rich,...

Book of Mormon name of Paankhi, the desert, etc. But equally worthy their hearts are upon their

actually "commands his generals of study is the language in which treasures.... And behold, their

to give the enemy choice of time these ideas are presented. Even treasure shall perish with them

and place for the fight."57 using the texts of presentday also. 66

(70) As a literary challenge, the translations of early Apocrypha, we 3.... because they have set

balance of history and scripture in can mix up sentences from them their hearts upon their riches, I the Book of Mormon would prewith sentences from Joseph Smith's will hide up their treasures.... 6T

sent a problem baffling the ablest translation and defy even experts 4.... ye are cursed because of

scholar. Only very recently has to tell which come from the Old your riches, and also are your

E. A. Speiser commented on the World documents and which from riches cursed because ye have set

situation as it actually was in Old the New. Let the reader decide your hearts upon them,.., 68

Testament times in terms that which of the following are taken 1.... may the Lord bless thee

exactly fit the Book of Mormon: from the Book of Mormon and forever, for thy seed shall not utterly be destroyed.69

2. Fulfil my prayer, to leave me

earth, deposterity on and not BIBLE a GREATGRANDMA'S... 70 BY RUBY WATERS ERDELEN flesh all the stroy of man.

Its furrowed cover brown and frayed with years 3.... he has promised unto us

Of hardship make this book more precious still, that our seed shall not utterly be

Creased by an Indians arrow, marked by tears. destroyed, according to the flesh,

With few possessions but steadfast mind and will, 71 the Saints had with Greatgrandma journeyed west, 1. And now my children... how wearypaced and slow. Pushing handcarts

True courage outweighed strife, their efforts blest awful it is to come before the face... who As scriptures, from this book, by campfire glow of the ruler of heaven.

Renewed their faith to trudge across the miles can endure that endless pain?72

Of wilderness, though danger charged the way. 2.... they are consigned to an

And hope was newly born transcending trials awful view of their own guilt...

In trustful prayer, hymns sung at close of day.

Before me now, dimmed pages open wide, which doth cause them to shrink

Great truths revealed, their message sanctified. from the presence of the Lord into

44 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a state of misery and endless tortheir attempt to carry out "the Plan David on the throne,"and that the ment,... 7:i of Belial (the Evil One), to oversupport of all Israel can be countHere we seem to have a plain throw the Sons of Light... and ed on "until the true Messiah, the

case of plagiarism: In a father's make their souls captive to Belial shoot of David, to whom and to

warning to his children the operaby causing them to stray in whose seed the covenant of the tive words are "And now my chilwickedness."Compare this with kingship is given over his people

dren"(And again my brethren—2 Nephi 9:28: "O that cunning for generations without end."This

Mosiah 3:1), awful, the face of the plan of the evil one!"and with is important because until now

ruler of heaven (the presence of Alma 12:11: "... and then they scholars have maintained that

the Lord), endless pain (endless are taken captive by the devil, and the Qumran people knew nothing torment), all occurring in that led by his will down to destrucof the Messiah of the house of order. The only trouble is that the tion."Next 2 Samuel 7:1114 is David and therefore have no real

document from which the Book of explained as referring to "the connection with the later ChrisMormon is plagiarizing was not shoot of David who will stand betians.

discovered until 1892. side the Seeker of the Law in... (To be continued)

These parallels illustrate the fact Zion in the Last Days, as it is that in the preachments of the written"in Amos 9:11, referring to

Book of Mormon we are dealing "the Ark [tent, shrine] of David FOOTNOTES with a consciously formulaic, that that is fallen which shall rise again '"An Approach to the Book of Mormon is, deliberately unoriginal, type of for the salvation of Israel."The (196437"Theed.),Scrollspp.. 175-7... witness to the fact

literature. This readily explains the opening line of the First Psalm is that once more the impact of neighboring

parallels; but if the Book of Mornext explained as referring "to Jewishcultures religion.of the NearAt Eastthis hasjuncturefertilizedthe

mon were not a genuine literary those who have strayed from the Iranian influence has been especially product of its age, it would not road, as it is written in the Book strong."DiscussedK. Stendahl,by Georgeop. Salecit., inp. the5. comsurvive for an hour set against the of the Prophet Isaiah, looking formentary of his famous translation of the

Koran, Ch. II, verse 96. Cf. The Secretsancient stereotypes. ward to the Last Days."It then

7:1-4. Enoch, of

Some Newly Found Scrolls: As cites Isaiah 8:11 as applying to 3BSee The Improvement Era, 59 (June

long as new documents continue to "those of whom it is written in the 1956), pp. 390ff.

be discovered, the comparative Book of Ezekiel the Prophet,"Grammatik""The lists are(Rome,in A. Deimel,1924), Sumerischepp. 127f,

study of the Book of Mormon must quoting Ezekiel 37:23, a significant 245ff, 249f, 255f, 263ff, 270f, 275f, 278f.

necessarily remain an openended chapter. Then there is reference to wright,llOn Thethe SkylengthReligionof reigns,in EgyptG. (CamWain-

operation. A brief glance at some the sons of Zadok seeking their bridge University, 1938), pp. 70 (note 1),

of the more important scrolls that own counsel, "the counsel of the ofT&-83,42, 91,E. A.104,W.106.Budge,On theOsirissymbolism(N.Y.:

have not yet appeared in book church,"that is, setting up their University Books, 1961), I, 340-3.

form or been translated into own church; and lastly Psalm 2:1-2 Jahaz,KSuchetc,namesin areA. Ahimelech,Reifenberg, Gadjahu,Ancient

English will show that the value is quoted as describing the rage Hebrew Seals (London: East and West

of the later finds is not a whit of the opposition—the Gentiles—Library, 1950), Nos. 12, 13, 19, 23, etc.,

and Lomni, in the Testament of Levi, behind that of what has gone beagainst "the Chosen of Israel in 12:1.

fore. 74 the Last Days."75 43L. Woolley and T. E. Lawrence, The

The Florilegium ("Bouquet"; 4Q It would be hard to find in any Wilderness1936), p. 107.of Zin (London: J. Cape,

flor. I) is so called because it is so brief a fragment a more concise MF. Petrie, in Ancient Egypt (1924),

a selection of prooftexts from and telling description of the p.Egyptian,79, giveswitha frequencyAmnion listscoringfor late58,

different prophets, all of whom restoration from the Latterday Montu (Manti) 26, and Hor 16. On die

look forward to the fulfilling of Saint point of view or a neater RevueMorMer-Egyptologique,element, N.P. S.Langlois,I (1919),in

God's plan on earth. In this fragbouquet of Book of Mormon pp. 148162. T. Gaster, in Ancient Egypt

ment 2 Samuel 7:1011 is explained sentiments. The reference to David "definitely(1932), p. plays68, showson thethatnameIsaiahAmen."45:15

as referring to the house of the calls our attention to another 4>B. Hrozny, Ancient History of WestLord that shall be built in the last newly published fragment, called ern Asia (Prague: Artia, 1940), p. Ill,

on the Asiatic version. Cf. Sir Alan

days, while Exodus I5:17f shows The Patriarchal Blessing (4Q patr), Gardiner, Egypt of the Pharaohs (Oxthat only the elect of Israel "who which reads like a typical "testaford: Clarendon, 1961), p. 157.

hold sacred the Name"will be ment"and is a commentary on Month""Herodotus,is exactlyHistory,like theII, Greek46, Pan,says allowed to enter that house which,, Genesis 49:10: "The rule shall not even to the goat's face and legs, and that

unlike the other temple, will never depart from Judah...J'76 This it the,TAnEgyptiansupperEgyptiancall him princeMendes.circa 650

be destroyed. For 2 Samuel 7:11 explains as meaning that "as long BC bore the name Mentumehet, which

makes it clear that the sons of as Israel has dominion there will bein itsin Semiticizedthe Book offormMormon)(i.e., asappearsit wouldas

Belial will never again prevail in always be one of the House of Mantimankhi; Cambridge Ancient HisJANUARY 1966 45

in la III, Bisson F. Cf. Rouge,tury, 381. allsided, illegal in spite of the work and Country

Or., ) God Archeol. Inst. Franc. 40 ( 1941Bui. is traitors of party a laws... and

of the from page 18 name. ( Continued149, forms on."?.. scoundrels Testamentum, in Vetus Copisarow, M.

12 (1962), p. 1. Cf. W. Spiegelberg, in of the "old Communist Party, USA,"It was Lenin, too, who said:

Zeitschrift fur aeg. Sprache, 66 (1931), and the party found itself isolated. "... Only one thing is lacking to

meanand 3739, of names for a listpp. to the In order mainenable us to get back into forward march more

ings. it life of firmly American to victory, where surely and more in Near stream Journal of R. Towers, 49J.

Eastern Studies, 18 (1959), pp. 150-3. could work effectively toward its namely, the full and completely

cit., 191. p. op. Hrozny, "historic all mission,"the thought appreciation out Communist by

51 Religionsgeschichte des J. Leipoldt, all of conin sought countries of the a means Party, USA, Communists

E. (Leiden:Orients Brill, 1961), J.

it really that the public of p. vincing necessity displaying the had utmost10.

.".. it flexibility tactics. in their hoodchanged. once Could more Sailor"the Shipwrecked of "Story The

ends with a typical colophon: "This is wink the American public? The In the face of such injunctions,

written account as it was completethe Party of to are the believe hear? Communist what we we scribe, purpose trustworthy a of handby the of are to Convention 1957 the was to do just Or look behind words we literally, of the son Amonah,"Amoni

"This goes from its beginning to its end that. It was a tactical maneuver for the deeds?

as found in a writing of a scribe reliable designed to fool the public. Naked communism—Marxismof fingers, Amoni the son of Amonah."Through skillful maneuvering and Leninism—is rejected wherever the

Buck, EgyptianText in A. De Readingthe feeding out of carefully pretruth about it is fully known. In Nerderlandsch I (Leyden: Vol.book,

Archaeol.-Philolog. Inst, voor het Nabije pared press releases, the Commuorder to recast the world in the

Oosten, 1948), p. 106. nist Party, USA, sought to create communist mold, therefore, the

hieroglyphische Das 63H. Grapow, it illusion Systhe that "broken promoters of the ideology had show

"the connoting 2325,tem, 25) (p. pp. its their "flexibility"leaderold the past,"shed with by disguising "in to drapass'stant use came of Tt

matic texts. Cf. P. Renouf, in Bibl. ship, cut its ties to Moscow, and their objectives. The glowing promArch. Soc. Proceedings, 1881, pp. 117was now a new and independent ise thus becomes the chocolate

181; P. Humbert, in Archiv fur Orientpolitical party. coating concealing the poison un77-80. 10forschung, pp. (1935/6),

definition of demotic, 54For the W. The clear purposes behind such derneath. The "workers'paradise"

Spiegelberg, in Zeitschrift fiir aeg. moves were, of course, to gain is in reality a vast slave labor camp

Sprache, 37 (1899), pp. 18ff. greater mass acceptance, circumbuilt on a charnel house of bones.

M J. Sperber, in Zeitschrift fiir Assyrivent government prosecution, lay Indeed, it is "by their fruits ye shall

2333.ologie, 32 pp. (1918), This oc- a mass foundation for unity with know them."difficulties principalcasions of the one

in translating the Scrolls. leftwing groups, establish more Exactly what is the situation

MH. Grapow, Die Bildlichen Ausdriicke front groups, recruit new members, confronting Americans today with

des Aegyptischen (Leipzig: J. C. Hinwin back hesitant financial "anrelation to communism?

richs, p. 126. 1924), face an immense slave emS7A. H. Gardiner, in Journal of Egypgels,"and still unrest in the rank We

tian Archaeology, 21 (1935), pp. 219and file, particularly following pire whose rulers utilize deceit and

223: "Paankhi commands his generals to Hungary. duplicity as techniques of governgive the enemy choice of time and place The facts emerging from behind ment and diplomacy. Under those

P. Montet, Discussedfor the fight."by Le the smoke screen showed once rulers the slave empire of commu- (Paris: P. Geuthner, d'AvarisDrame

1941), p. 29, n. 3. more the duplicity and deceit—the nism is engaged in absolute and

E. A. Speiser, in The Centennial Refalse face—of communism. The total war on the economic system

view of Arts and Science, IV (Spring, Communist Party, USA, while at of the United States. It is striving

210. No. 2,1960), pp. 207, the convention, reaffirmed its adceaselessly to capture our markets,

Cf. I 85:9. 5SII Baruch, Jeu.

m2 Nephi 2:26. herence to basic MarxismLeninism. destroy our trade, and, through

'"Wisdom of Solomon, 12:10, speaking It retained its name and traditional infiltration and subversion, tie up

of the Canaanites; cf. 1 Nephi. organization. It continued a maour industrial development at

28:21, w2 Nephi 8. jority old leadership of its rehome. and

Sirach, 27:26. Ben

its "proleof affirmed Entirely apart from the unrelentacceptance 22:13f. Ml 14:3, Nephi

*I Enoch, 94:8. tarian internationalism."It refused ing attack on our economic sys862 Nephi 9:30. to take a stand against the slaughtem, international communism is

67Helaman 13:20. ter in Hungary, or against tyranny striving to isolate the United States

13:21. mlhid

3:3. and antiSemitism in the Soviet from all other nations of the world. 692 Nephi

I Enoch, 84:5. Union. At no time did it declare This is by no means limited to our

2 Nephi 9:53. independence of the Soviet Union, freeworld allies in Europe and

Secrets of Enoch, 39:8. disavow loyalty to the Soviet Asia. Continuous efforts are made

3:25. T3Mosiah

T4The latest and fullest versions of these Union, or urge freedom for the to drive wedges between the natexts may be found in Ed. Lohse, Die satellites. And, following the contions of the Western Hemisphere.

Texte aus Qumran (Darmstadt: Wissenvention, the Communist Party, William Z. Foster, former National

Buchgesellschaft, 1964).schaftliche Party, Soviet the Chairman of the Communist hailed by was USA,

translation, text restored and 75The indiloyal "to the for remaining USA, has explained why. He Journal, press Israel Exploration inY. Yadin,

9 (1959), pp. 9598. principles of MarxismLeninism"! cated that when this nation yields

76The text is reproduced with photoDo we need any other reminder to the Soviets, it will "doubtless in Allegro, Journalgraphs by M. J. said: ".. of that Lenin it was who

Literature,Biblical 75 ( 1956 pp. 174-6, with. lethecarrythreewithAmericas"it all thosenotcountriesyet sovietof combined must be gal work other of discussion aalong with )many,

"Messianic references in Qumran Literaillegal work.... The party which ized. World domination—the histure,"ibid., pp. 176187.... does not carry on systematic, toric mission of communism—

46 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA excludes nothing from the toe of The falsity of this claim of indeexistence of the soul, of immortality, "South America to the northernmost pendence was proved in Hungary. and of values derived from untip of Canada. The key—the bulIt is proved by the fact that the changing moral principles. Reality,

wark of the Western Hemisphere, goal of communism today is the the materialists maintain, consists as Foster indicated—and, indeed, of unchanging goal of world conquest. only of matter. These people, as I

the free world—is the United It is proved by the fact that the stated, are not communists; yet they

States. The United States is, therecommunist bloc of nations is today are preparing mental soil for the

fore, the numberone target of functioning as a solid economic seeds of communism. Their perniattack. bloc against the free nations. It is cious doctrine of materialism, fed to

In what guise do Soviet attacks proved by the fact that opposition young Americans as something new on the United States appear? parties are not allowed to function and modern, readies the minds of

The coldwar attacks primarily in any communistdominated naour youth to accept the immoral, are in the forms of espionage and tion. And it is proved by the fact atheistic system of thought we

propaganda. The targets of Soviet that to be a communist one must know as communism.

espionage in the United States are subscribe wholly to the atheistic It is a fact that the doctrines unlimited, but constant and prephilosophy of MarxismLeninism which the materialists hold to vailing objects of interest are which allows no deviation. today are neither new nor modern.

scientific research, classified data Communism today does not The basic philosophy of materialof our Army, our Navy, our Air mean "new collective leadership,"ism predates modern communism

Force, and of our strategic indusbut the continuing brutal tyranny by many centuries. It is broader

trial areas. Let no one for a moment of past dictatorship. and more diversified than commuallow himself to be lulled into beWe face today an ideology which nism, yet it places today's nonlieving that the red network ceased seeks to utilize science—to reduce communist materialists on common

to exist with the Rosenbergs. On science to the level of a tool—and ground with the "idea men"who

the contrary, the espionage attacks make of it an instrument of combrought forth the curse of comagainst our institutions continue munist world conquest. munism that now plagues the

unabated. We face today a movement of world.

The Soviet propaganda attack everexpanding power and strength The theoretical father of modern never lessens; it simply pours old fanatically bent on achieving the communism is the philosophic maideas into new forms for deceptive subjugation of the world. The exterialism of the ancients. And the

purposes. Whenever the rulers of panding strength of communism is children of this father—both inside

the slave empire need time to ento be found today in numbers, in and outside the Communist Party trench themselves in power, the territory, in economic resources,—are partisans and allies of each

- in political maneuvering, and in other in the campaign to debaseline shifts. We hear pious mouth

ings of "collective leadership,"military might. man to the level of an animal.

while wouldbe dictators claw franWe face a regenerated domestic Atheism—militant on the part of

tically to reach the topmost post. branch of the international conthe communist—is the common deWe are fed fulsome phrases that spiracy, making plans to exploit nominator of all materialists. Lenin

nations are being allowed to find recent court decisions and highly spoke for all materialists, commu- "independent national roads to optimistic for the future. nists and noncommunists alike,

communism,"and the alert will say, Apart from the physical strength when he said: "Our propaganda

"Tell that to the Hungarians!"of international communism, we necessarily includes the propaThere are always the wellknown too often ignore what it is. Commuganda of atheism...."

"cultural exchanges"which lend nism means more than a physical The philosophy of materialism—

themselves readily to both propaorganization. It means more than in all its forms—is the intellectual

ganda and espionage efforts, but an economic system and more than problem of the future.

nothing is quite so effective as the a cultural pattern. Communism is And what is that future to be?

siren song of "peace and coexist- a total philosophy which enslaves Will we sit at the feet of false ence."This theme, which was shot the human being from the cradle prophets and supinely allow this

from its place on the hit parade by to the grave. devastating blight to spread and

the guns of Budapest, has made a And what is that philosophy? To liquidate the free spirit of man?

comeback under the present title: scholars it is known as "dialectical Will we stand by meekly as indi-

"Let's Marry for Convenience."materialism."While all commuvidual man is annihilated and

Who can be hoodwinked by such nists are materialists, not all matransformed into a mechanized brazen propaganda? Sadly enough, terialists are communists. Scores of mass creature? Or will we rise

scores of wellmeaning but unindividuals who have never been against the destroyer by fearlessly thinking people who do not look members of the communist orgabringing to young Americans the beyond words for deeds. Communization contribute to the spread of challenge, the vision, and the subnism in reality is a far cry from the the philosophy of materialism. In stance of a theistic philosophy

fictitious picture it strives to preso doing they are adding generously which holds sacred the dignity of sent. It would have you believe to the strength of the communist each human being? The false prophthat nations in the communist emmovement. Among these philoets against whom Christ warned

pire are independent. And it would sophic materialists are numerous wear many cloaks today. We need

have you believe this in the face of educators, authors, and lecturers. to look well behind words: we need

overwhelming evidence to the conThese materialists deny the existo judge by deeds, for in truth "by trary! tence of God. They deny the their fruits ye shall know them."

JANUARY 1966 47

STUDY IN

Growing into a vidual, each person has a private MEXICO world of meaning and understandCelestial Marriage THIS ings all his own. Others may share

SUMMER! ( Continued from page 25 it only as that person is willing to

share it. My wife is a college

This couple had decided to be graduate in dramatics. When we

honest and admit some realities go to a dramatic production, I am about each other. Some of you aware that she is having feelings

might say, "But that isn't a good and an experience which I do not solution. They should handle it so have. However, when I am at home

they can be together."But, let me sitting in an easy chair, I am havask, what really is togetherness—ing feelings and an experience in

With... to be in each other's presence, or letting my mind wander which she

to be able to share one's feelings does not have. Through each other

about an experience? Sitting sepin such situations we can experiBRIGHAM YOUNG arately, they could share on the ence and share a depth of feelings

way home, and perhaps in time—but only because we are enUNIVERSITY they might be able to sit together. couraged to share each other's

"But,"you argue, "they should be private world.

Earn a full summer's college credit able to come together now."There are many areas, in which

while living with the Mexican people. Ideally, this is true, but whom such sharing between private

Courses in Spanish, History, Archeawould you suggest changing right worlds may be slow and not easily ology, and Political Science. Tour and now? How soon can you expect an understood. The woman whose

classes conducted by B.Y.U. professors. enthusiastic man to learn to keep man loves to fish may not underall of it out of sight? You can't stand how he can sit out on a bank

turn enthusiasm off and on just at under the sky, letting a line dangle will. And embarrassment—if any of in the water. He may not underinformation for detailed embarexperienced have ever you appreciate she cannot stand why efts write: turn it off rassment, can you satisfaction great comes and the which

of Travel Study Department Brigham Young University Gifa on as you please? This couple was from that very experience. All of

Provo, Utah 94601 seeking to build their relationship us have areas of interest which 3&C with what they have, not what they influence our feelings and which would like to have. And the result may be difficult to explain to

creates an atmosphere in which others. Yet, by attempting to exthey feel like reaching out to each plain and to share experiences,

other in appreciation, rather than feelings gradually become more apstriking at each other from frustrapreciated as the years pass.

tion. consharing of must cup The BREADMIXER-- levels at differing occurs Sharing if feel tinually fed would be we for 1 to batch 4 a breadmakes surface mental, emoit in a relationship with and depth -—physical, * y*uloaves PstPaid of tendertions, emotions $13.95 and deep explorafor further eagerness an

IS IT A GIFT? We'll mail it for you,.. ness. Each of us has personality tion into life's many facets. With-

... steel stainless mixcapacity12 quart else depth, one but no and spiritual eagerness be an out such may we

pail tindipped.. lifetimeing rod are willing as it except we real selves express hesitant to our

.. 14".. knows size lid. 12"x 12"x.with aluminum.

... FREE "oldtime"bread recipes included to share with them. Only when we—in which case people live with

with each mixer. Ends tedious kneading. feel the atmosphere is accepting do but part of us. The apparent self

a to people is but to comCoJwml WHEAT MILL weinneropenfearsupandandjoyslet peopleand hopessee andour whichsimple weimageshowcompared by UNIVERSAL for use sorrows. Only when we feel each is plexity underneath. The sharing of

nuts, corn, with wheat, honest do appreciative and we ease this depth and complex quality is etc. Easily adjusts let heart's the the doors and for open important. most grinding. fine or coarse

message flow out. The poet MatSuch sharing also requires recog-

$6.95 thew Arnold may have glimpsed nition of the basic principle that

Postpaid to you this when he said: each marriage carries within it quantity "Special"

prices to church "Alas, is even love too weak the seeds of its own growth and the groups! destruction. In of its own unlock the heart and let it seeds Send orders To to: very of the things which fact, some speak,

Are lovers powerless to reveal act to hold a couple together could the might very attributes which one another what, indeed, they be CO. To apart. drive tension IMPLEMENT causeSMITHRELD and them feel?"SMITHFIELD, UTAH99 N. MAIN line drain wife, her with My

Perhaps this is why another author matic abilities, is an exciting, aclikes to person. She vibrant unlock the tive, that "to commented 1965 Bind ERAs Your

things. love!"reason one This is be doing may strengthen in looseleaf form an heart w th

IMPROVEMENT ERA binder—only $2.50 Being honest requires that we I became interested in her. I like

7965 Indexes free with binders recognize that, as a unique indithe richness into which this acOrde r from 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

48 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tivity can take me. I am more easythe other has really let himself be The price requires spirituality to

going, and although I do get things involved. Just talk or doing without build partnership with God so that

done, I do them in a different way. involvement is not enough. his goodness may add depth to our

At times I enjoy the luxury of just Now, what about spiritualitylives. It requires an appreciative

sitting back and letting my mind how do we feed it? The gospel is heart to set an atmosphere in which

wander. This is an area into which full of guides. Basically it feeds on one feels a desire to try life's activi-

I can lead my wife to new experifaith. The scriptures say that ties with a "togetherness"attitude.

ences as I can share its meaning spirituality comes to those who In these activities come opportuniwith her. But there are times when humbly seek God. In humility we ties for sharing the depths of spirit

I want to sit and she wants to do, seek, but also we must seek in digwhich fulfill the great dream of and the question rises as to which nity. If I do not feel a sense of celestial love. May it be our lot to

will be done. This can produce personal dignity, I can hardly feel find it. To be lost in the search of

tension and cover up all the rich- I am worth God's time, and so may such sharing is to find one's life, ness that could come from these be hesitant to approach him. As I for, as Jesus said, "He that findeth

differences. The security she deread the scriptures, in fact, I find his life shall lose it: and he that

sires and finds in me is at times myself torn between those emphaloseth his life for my sake [which slow and seemingly inefficient. The sizing humility and those emphasizis for creative love] shall find it."

excitement which she shows is at ing the fact that a man must act (Matt. 10:39.)

times to me a feeling of pressure as though he has faith. God says those who seek shall

which I might feel I should fight. Celestial marriage has beauty for find; those who knock shall have

As I travel, one of the most frethose who pay the price to see it. it opened unto them; those who ask

quent questions I hear is, "How can we find some time so our family can be together?"Wives ask,

"How do you pin a husband down so you and the family can enjoy him?"Another idea often expressed

by women is, "Oh, how I would love to be able to have a nice long talk with my husband about anything but money, work, and the children."All of these express eagerness for sharing between two people. Sharing hardly can occur where companionship is not practiced or

appreciation felt. Appreciation

feeds on communication between individuals—communication which

says or shows to the other person FAREWELL TO THE SCULPTOR he is lovable and loved. Without TORLEIFBY ALICE MORREYKNAPHUSBAILEYsuch a feeling we don't try to share.

With such a feeling we are willing to try companionship experiences We who mourn him now have mourned him long in which sharing may be a result. As unrelenting years exacted toll

We shall be dealing with appreIn growing uselessness of voice to speak his will, ciation and companionship in the In slow, uncertain steps, in trembling hands.

articles following, so I will not We watched his dreams outrun his failing breath, elaborate them now, except to say And now we say that he is gone in death.

that both have differing meanings for different individuals. A husCan ever artist die whose works are known

band may feel there is companionIn rich, enduring bronze and carved in stone?

ship because he makes the money and the wife spends it. This is a His concepts live enshrined in sculptured truth;

form of companionship, but not He modeled greatness from his own great self that from which sharing results. And courage in the pioneers'grave tread.

The process of decision making in He caught historic moment, stored the act, which both may participate offers The turning wheel, imprisoned time by craft;

much more possibility of depth And here is testament in sweet design sharing. If one does not feel the That sleep claims peaceful beauty of its own.

other has let himself be involved in what is going on, he may well feel Yield up your tools, let. dryness take the clay,

no companionship in the sense of For these are only paths of your desire, sharing. Companionship comes And sleep, tired body, rest within the tomb,

from doing—but it has to be the Release the spirit's youth, the artist's fire,

kind of doing in which both feel And heaven, open wide to give him room.

JANUARY 1966 49 shall receive. (See Matt. 7:7-8;

Luke 11:9-10.) Scripture also says Three New Books that God's will should be done first

and foremost. This requires a

aggresof humility blending and for the New Year! perhaps, too siveness which, few

recognize. To be humble is tremendously significant in approachCURTAIN TIME U.S.A. ing God. But the scriptures do not

Inspiration of Jay by M. Ambassadors Todd say approach should God that man

is Brigham about Young book new This exciting that nothing. say expecting They

cheerful, This Inspiration."of University's "Ambassadors

friendly group of Mormon entertainers captivated hearts man ought to be engaged in a good wherever they went on both their national and world tours cause and ought to fight hard for of 1965. The warm and touching human sidelights of the this cause. (See D&C 58:27.) Thus,

tours will give the L.D.S. reader a glow of pride in being it seems to me that when we have

called a "Latterday Saint."$3.95 a cause we ought to knock at the

door for its realization as hard as

PARABLES OF THE KINGDOM we know how to knock. If we do

by Melvih R. Brooks not we have not really exercised

The greatest of teachers, the Savior, introduced parfaith. On the other hand, we cannot

ables as a means of teaching attributes that are essential tell God what to do. Even in the

represents This book in to God. inheritance the Kingdomof areas where we might get a negaimport beauty of and catches the full and of study years

Christ's magnificent teachings. The author is coordinator tive answer, I see nothing which

of seminaries and institutes in Southern New Mexico. suggests that we should ask mildly

Texas. Louisiana, and Mississippi. $3.95 and with little effort.

Spirituality tempers us by God's

A SPOONFUL OF SUGAR wisdom and teaches us that we by Daryl V. Hoole and Donette V. Ockey should expect to make changes in

will to It lives as is that years our pass. gives us be a boon a marvelous book Here new spoonfuJ in or at in the Primary, children life. home, teach for in the basis who purpose With otfU those

sugar school. There are six spoonsful of sugar in this volume: such purpose we have vision and

Activity."Cards "Flash Stories.""Family "Retold and hope, the without Apostle which W% "Puppets.""Flannel and Flip Boards.""Games."Charts."suggests nothing. Paul have we includes illustrations 70 over its own and has The book

is It that Cor. 13.) (See 1 hope the flip material of cards. Part flash charts builtin and

included is from the excellent Improvement Era series. gives us the feeling we can try and

$3.95 do. The tempering quality of God's

action in our lives can lead us to discover truth and beauty which

ERA JAN. '65 we cannot at this moment conceive. DESERET BOOK CO.

East South 44 Temple I recall experience such one

Salt City, Utah Lake tteseret P A N COM Book life. in helpful has been which my

find SO. please check AT MALL Enclosed TEMPLE COTTONWOODY 44 EAST AND Gentlemen:

missionary, frequent a As I had CITY SALT LAKE please account, an I have order money 2472 BLVD..OGDEN WASHINGTON visit to the occasion Hawaii $ Temcharge Amount 777 SO. ST. CALIFORNIA MAIN ORANGE.

For the above numbered books 1 2 3. ple. One day in the temple in one

of its rooms, I remember looking across the room at the sisters in NAME....

the temple clothes and having a

ADDRESS distinct feeling flow through me

CITY STATE ZIP. which seemed to say, "You have

never seen anything more beautiful."This experience has had real

influence upon my feelings about

Have You Tried Chesbro's Mail Order Service? beauty, my feelings about hope

Every order is shipped the same day it arrives. It is checked carefully to be sure that it is for the future, and what I want to

filled properly. build in my life.

No order is too small or too large for them to handle.... They have a complete oneIt seems to me that unless we

stop music service. see beauty in that which may be

Band—Vocal Solos—Choral (SASSA-SATBTTBB-SAB) and Instrumental Music. Studies, ahead, we have no hope. Without

orSolos Special Arrcngements. Write details plainly and completely and your instructions hope we do not exercise faith.

followed.will be

They have music of all publishers.... All top brands of accessories... Mouthpieces, Without faith we do not open the

Reeds, Oil, Mutes, Stands, Drum Supplies, Instrument Cases, Bows, every item to make windows of heaven, and in addiyour musical venture a success. tion, we do not exert the effort to

You have really missed something if you have not tried be honest which will give us normal sharing and companionship.

(Next month: Empathy—The

327 Broadway—Idaho Falls, Idaho E.Q. of Marriage.)

QUALITY AND SERVICE SINCE 1917 0i

Music Co

so THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Thank You

E ARE GRATEFUL to the thousands of savers and borrowers who have helped make

PFS the largest savings institution in the Intermountain area, and one of the 100 largest savings and loan associations in the United States.

And we are thankful for the happiness that our growth represents for our savings and home loan customers—happiness in home ownership

... happiness in the security, the peace of mind

and the realized dreams that a savings account brings.

Our continued progress is but a reflection of thousands of individual success stories—people

working and saving to build happiness.

Thank You!

Main Office—

115 South Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah

Branch Offices—

-M Prudential 33rd3365Main SouthandWashingtonBroadway,& StateBlvd.,Streets,Butte,Ogden,MontanaSalt UtahLake City, Utah

ederal avings

The Intermountain West's Largest and Friendliest Savings Institution Assets Over $150,000,000 Gene Donovan, President

INSURED SAVINGSHOME LOANSHOME MODERNIZATION LOANS

JANUARY 1966 51 Respon of the Church sibilities

As we face 1966 we are aware of the fact that the most important product and its fundamental basis for

Chinch is now giving more attention to its individual existence. The wellbeing of people is its chief concern.

members than ever before. This is as it should be, for The Church has several responsibilities given to it

this Church is made up of members. These are its by the Lord which it is obligated to fulfill.

Its people are to share their means with the the bishop's storehouse and the welfare projects which worthy poor. Pointedly, the Lord revealed why the supply it.

Zion of ancient times found favor with the Lord. We have the quorums of the priesthood united in

Among the three reasons given was that there was their effort to improve the earning ability of their no poor among them. (See Moses 7:18.) It has been more unfortunate members. By our active participarevealed that the law of consecration and stewardship tion in the welfare projects and by our fasting, with

is the solution to the problem of the equitable distriliberal contributions to the fastoffering fund, we are bution of the wealth of the people. It provides that progressing toward that happy day when the law of

no one works for personal gain but that all have consecration will be fully effective. Each year we

enough for happy living, with all surplus going for come nearer to obedience to the law in our practice the elevation of those less fortunate. Until the time and ability to comprehend and obey it than we have

when we can fully practice this eternal law, we have for many previous years.

We are to proclaim the glad tidings to the world sionary effort. Each can make a friend and persuade

that the gospel is on the earth once more, restored that friend to listen to the glad tidings. And, listening,

through the Prophet Joseph Smith. Every member many will be touched by the Spirit and by it be moved

may, and should, take active part in this great misinto investigating and joining the Church.

We are to do our part to free from their spirit Each of usi is expected to do research and temple prison those of our ancestors who have died without ordinance work. For 1966 there will be a program

a knowledge of the gospel. of research to discover our greatgrandparents.

With these three great objectives to implement, it the ward to assist them in the application of the probecomes apparent that the home teachers carry an gram. The importance of its weekly meeting cannot

overwhelming responsibility, for it is they who carry be overemphasized. With it stands the ward council.

the message of the necessity to work in these programs Here all of those charged with the temporal and into the homes where all of the work originates. Each spiritual development of the people meet to make

family is visited by the home teacher. Each is repossible the smooth application of the programs dealminded of the three great objectives of the Church ing with the three great objectives. For 1966 the

and of its part in these programs. meetings of these two groups of dedicated leaders are

Reviewing these facts, bishops can readily agree imperative. The wise bishop will use the time to guide

that they need the priesthood executive committee of the leaders into more effective service.

JANUARY 1966 S3 TSm ih%usUiuuj Stinhnprhts huu

counselor and on genealogy committees.

A Mexican family in our ward had suffered some unfortunate experiences that had caused mSm a hardship in the family. As I discussed

their problems with them, I found that they were low on groceries, out of funds, and their car would not run. The father had spent

"our last dollar"to take the bus to work that day.

When I offered to send in groceries and have the car fixed up, they declined.

The father said he didn't want his children to grow up feeling that any time they made mistake or had things go wrong, they could mm run to the Church for help, because As I prepared to leave, the mother said "it would make them lazy and they wouldn't something to the father in Spanish, and he appreciate what they had."He said he smiled and nodded yes. She arose, went to

wanted them to know that they had to work the mantle, and from behind a picture, for what they received, that if they weren't removed a bottle marked "tithing."

physically able to work it would be different, Taking out the dimes, nickels, quarters, and a but as long as they were, it would "be good few onedollar bills, she gave it to me.

for them to go to bed hungry a few times They had realized when they told me they;3 in order to learn the value of money and work."were out of money that this money wasn't

After they had declined all help, I told them theirs, it was the Lord's.

about a family that had moved away and The Lord blessed this family, and they had given me a box of groceries to give "worked"their way out of their problems, to someone in need. They reluctantly and now their oldest child is working his

agreed to accept that box. way through college.

**.. tvhuii fj<> urv in tlu> survivM 00f f/or##* ivMtnv haitufs

54 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Paul W. Bott, bishop of

the Ogden (Utah) brethren of the ward to help support each

Fiftieth Ward has missionary. Upon contacting a successful but

<*w served missions in the totally inactive businessman in our ward to

Eastern States and briefly assist one of our worthy missionaries, he among the Spanishdismissed the issue by stating he did "not speaking peoples. He is a believe in missions because they were purely

former stakemission for the purpose of reforming some president and scoutmaster. misdirected young man."

Bishop As he leaned back in his high leather chair, I

Paul W. Bott quickly enumerated every question a

missionary is required to answer to qualify.

We live in an area generally free from want I stated that these questions must be and where the temporal blessings are many. answered one way, and one way only.

Nevertheless we have had financial demands Well, I didn't get the money; but I did secure

placed upon us to support some of our a commitment that he would consider the many missionaries because neither they matter. A few days passed with no reply.

nor their parents were able to support them So I directed a brief letter of appreciation to completely. Our priesthood quorums have him for giving me audience with him,

worked closely with us and aided us but I made no mention of the money. Very

tremendously, but the monthly demand reached soon afterwards I received a letter containing into several hundred dollars. As a safe practice, a check of an amount large enough to give

I have always involved at least three good primary support to a missionary for two years.

h?

turn

f*o##J"t/0i urn only in tin* survUtu o/ */o# 1

JANUARY 1966 55 MotherNature

-j*Huf 'f 'vW& i4 -/w'xf 1

@\jm3

56 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Fkther Time& As the world celebrates its birthday in January, Father Time takes his toll. But

isn't it good that Mother Nature can step in and make amends? Years do add up,

but they can be beautiful if each day is lived well. It has been said that years are

days and only days, and to make so long a time all beautiful, take each day and make it so.

Living every moment to its fullest is rewarding. It also can be tiring. You all

know people who drain each minute, who wring every experience, every emotion out of it. This can be good or it can be bad depending upon the direction it takes.

It's good to live life on tiptoe, but the time comes to lean back and let a process of rejuvenation take place. A too intense person tires others; a too passive individual is also wearing. Mother Nature calls the signals as Father Time runs the field.

It is well to become acquainted with yourselves, to know your own strengths and possibilities, your own weaknesses and limitations. Perhaps you are attempting to

run around like new Cadillacs when in reality Father Time has taken his toll and you are actually Model-T Fords. What a horrid thought! But Mother Nature can't

mend you if you will not stand still for even a minute.

Take stock this new year. Are you unfair to yourself? Do you get enough rest?

Are you burning the candle at both ends and almost running out of wick? Are the

foods you eat nourishing and body building? Do you take time to feel, to see, to

hear life? Has time filled itself with nonentity? Are the people you spend your

days and evenings with the choice ones you truly enjoy? Has the family taken a

back seat to a too busy schedule? Does your exercise consist just of running out to

the car? How long has it been since you stood still and took a deep breath of fresh,

clean air? If you want Father Time to ignore you, hold hands with Mother

Nature and live as well as you know how. Eat, sleep, rest, and live right.

Mother Nature likes a temperate person. She'll assist you if you just give her a

chance. It is remarkable how fast your bodies and your lives will rebuild if you do

your part.

The beginning of this new year would be a good time to sit down and evaluate ourselves and decide who is winning this race, Father Time or Mother Nature. After

you have done this, make a workable, livable, enjoyable time schedule. Add to it a

new way of eating; include good nourishing, wholesome, fresh foods. Never forget

that again Mother Nature takes a hand and is generous even in the middle of winter TODAY'S

FAMILY, and offers us fresh fruits, vegetables, grains, fresh fish, poultry, and meat. Accept FLORENCE B.

PINNOCK, of her bounties gratefully and use them with wisdom. Father Time and Mother NaEDITOR

ture can be our friends.

JANUARY 1966 87

THE HOT AND COLD OF IT Make a pocket in each chop by 5 ounces dried beef

Meals are made more appetizing cutting along the bone. Melt the 1 16ounce can kidney beans,

by contrasts. Tendercrisp, hardbutter and add the celery and drained

soft, whitecolored, and hotcold onion. Cook slowly until tender but 3 tablespoons finely chopped

all go toward making an interestnot browned. Add the drained onion

ing, delicious dinner. Cold weather mushrooms, mushroom liquid, Yz cup sweet pickle relish

calls for justout-ofthe-oven pies, bread cubes, and seasonings to the 2 teaspoons prepared mustard steaming stews, and pipinghot onion mixture. Stuff each chop Yz cup mayonnaise

soups, but for contrast serve a with Yz cup of the dressing. Brown 4 hamburger buns

chilled salad, a cool drink, or a the chops in the lard. Season the V4 cup grated cheddar cheese

frozen dessert. Try some of the chops with salt and pepper. Add

following recipes to add zest to the water, cover tightly, and bake Cut the dried beef into thin strips your January dinners. in a 350 degree F. oven 1 hour or with the scissors. Combine the

until well done. Remove meat to beef, kidney beans, onion, pickle,

Hot Baked Potatoes platter and thicken cooking liquid mustard, mayonnaise. Split the

(with a cheese topper) for gravy. buns and toast cut side. Spread

Yz cup creamed butter Almost 3 billion pounds of beef mixture on the toasted bun 2 cups shredded cheddar cheese ground beef were consumed in the halves. Sprinkle grated cheese

2 tablespoons cream United States alone last year; each over the top. Place on broiler rack

Dash of pepper person's share would have been and insert broiler pan so top of xk teaspoon dry mustard about 15 pounds. Did you cook all buns is 4 inches from heat. Broil

Yz teaspoon oregano this ground beef in an appetizing about 5 minutes until cheese is

Add the cheese and cream to the way? Try this tasty new 'burger lightly browned and melted. Makes

lightly creamed butter; beat until recipe. 8 sandwiches.

smooth. Stir in the seasonings.

Serve over hot baked potatoes. Cheezy 'Burgers Round Steak Special

(with a steaming sauce) (topped with a hot sauce)

Cottage Dressing lYz pounds ground beef 1 beef round steak, cut Yz inch (for a cool salad) 1 teaspoon salt thick

IV2 cups cottage cheese Ya teaspoon pepper 2 tablespoons fat

Yit cup dairy sour cream 1 tablespoon instant minced IV2 teaspoons salt

IV2 tablespoons lemon juice onion, reconstituted Dash of pepper 1 teaspoon sugar 1 tablespoon green pepper flakes, 1 2-ounce can mushroom stems

Dash of salt reconstituted and pieces

Dash of whitepepper 1 11ounce can cheddar cheese Yz cup chopped onion soup 1 tablespoon Worcestershire

Whip the cottage cheese until it is 12 slices tomato sauce smooth. Fold in the other ingrediYz teaspoon basil Yz cup water

ents. This dressing is delicious 6 hamburger buns or English Yz cup dairy sour cream

served over a green salad or just muffins, split and toasted Yz cup crumbled bleu cheese topping a wedge of lettuce. Mix together the ground beef, salt,

pepper, onion, and green pepper Cut steak into 6 servings. Brown,

A cold night and pork chops hot flakes. Brown lightly. Pour off pour off the drippings. Season with

from the oven go hand in hand. drippings. Add soup, and mix well. the salt and pepper. Add mushDon't forget to use cold apple sauce Cook slowly 10 minutes. Broil the rooms, onion, Worcestershire sauce,

as a relish to enhance the flavor tomato slices until heated through. and water. Cover tightly and cook

of the meat. Sprinkle basil on each slice. Place slowly about IY2 hours until tender,

two tomato slices on each bun. adding more water if necessary.

Oven Pork Chops Spoon the meat mixture on top. Six Remove meat, add sour cream

(with pockets filled with tasty rye servings. and bleu cheese to cooking liquid,

stuffing) and blend well. Cook just until

6 pork rib chops, cut 1 inch thick Monday Supper heated through. Serve the sauce

2 tablespoons butter ( hot meal in a minute over the rounds of steak.

V2 cup finely chopped celery 1 10 x/2-ounce can condensed onion

Yz cup finely chopped onion soup Cool Sunday Sandwich 1 4-ounce can mushroom stems Yz teaspoon celery seed (good served with hot chocolate) and pieces Ya cup chili sauce 6 hardcooked eggs, finely 2 tablespoons mushroom liquid 6 goodsized slices leftover roast, chopped 1 cup caraway rye bread cubes, Add ingredients together and sim- 1 tablespoon crumbled bleu toasted mer until heated through, about 10 cheese 1 teaspoon salt minutes. Serve over freshly mashed Ya cup mayonnaise

V4 teaspoon thyme potatoes. 2 tablespoons chili sauce

1 tablespoon lard 2 teaspoons lemon juice 1 teaspoon salt Bean 'Burger Mix all ingredients together and

V* teaspoon pepper (tastes so good when you come in spread on slices of party rye bread.

Y& cup water from the cold) It is so good.

58 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Hot Velvet Start The New Year PROFIT RIGHT (the smoothest of soups) 1 10y2ounce can cream of mushSwitch your savings to DFS!

room soup At Deseret Federal, your savings not 1 10y2ounce can asparagus soup only EARN MORE... they are IN-

1 lOfeounce can cream of chicken SURED SAFE to $10,000 by a permasoup nent agency of the U. S. Government.

2 cans milk Resolve to have more of the good 1 can water things of life in the years ahead through a profitable savings account

Blend all together gradually, heat, at Deseret Federal. Celebrating 60

but do not boil. Garnish with years of outstanding service.

grated orange rind. Good served

with crabsalad sandwiches. INSURED SAVINGS

Warm Sponge Cake Deluxe (the topping is the thing) Melt butter with slivered almonds, a little sugar, and grated orange rind and juice. Pour over warm

sponge cake or waffles.

Ice cream is for winter as well as psummer. Remember, in contrast DM

there is life.

minute need a last Next time you angeldessert, tubetype cut a food FEDERAL SAVINGS & LOAN ASSN cake into generous slices. Top with 44 South Main Street 95 North University Avenue

a slice of strawberry ice cream and Salt Lake City, Utah Provo, Utah a spoonful of frozen strawberries, partially thawed.

Crispy ice cream balls are so good. Scoop ice cream in balls and

roll them in chopped nuts, flaked coconut, or crushed dry cereal and top with sauce.

Now last but not least, an apricot RETIREnut pie. You will love it. It is a NEED $180 TO $2,500 FOR at the

welcome contrast eaten in front of YOUR ORGANIZATION?a flaming grate fire. NO MONEY IN ADVANCE... MARYLAND Mason NO RISK... NO OBLIGATION RETIREMENT HOTEL

PieApricot Nut your organization supplies Mason Candy Calif. Diego, San

with of beautifully a choice crushedlVi cups Private Room graham crackers can topquality Mints, Beautiful boxed, Mason (about 15) Cocoanut, Assorted Furnished Decorated and Newly help AlmondJellies or Chiffon, and xfa Chocolate pecans chopped cup Included Meals tells you can you how make Va firmly packed cup lightbrown you! sold. every At box Breakfast $1.00 7 400 on days and Dinner

extra no charge each package sugar Large Indoor Recreation Area with group's is wrapped your V3 Miniature Golf picture. only Shuffleboard, Pay and cup melted butter name

3 pints butter pecan ice cream AFTER you have sold the candy. Theatre, TV & Card Rooms

Return what you don't sell. Free Day & Evening Activities today! Mail coupon

Combine the crumbs, nuts, and Tournaments, Programs, sugar. Add the butter and mix MRS. MARY TAYLOR, DEPT. 978 Movies, Songfests, Parties

well. Turn into a 9-inch pie plate; PLEASEMASON, SENDBOX 549,ME, MINE0LA,WITHOUT N.OBLIGA-Y. Central Downtown Location

press against the sides and bottom. TION, INFORMATION ON YOUR FUNDPost Office, Library, Churches

Bake in a 375 degree F. oven for RAISINGNAME PLAN. FOR ONE LOW MONTHLY RATE

just 3 minutes. Chill. Press 2 pints ORGANIZATIONJL. $111 to $196

shell into ice the softenedof cream

ADDRESS FEES OR LEASES NO ENTRY 1 pint freeze. withand Top ice CITY COUNTY, MARYLAND freeze. balls andcream STATE. PHONE.

AGE (IF UNDER 21) RETIREMENT HOTEL

Sauce HOW MANY MEMBERSWrite L.D.S.San Diego,AdviserCaliforniafor Free Folder 1 cup sweetened apricot puree

P/2 teaspoons lemon juice Warm the puree and add the lemon HAWAII LANILOA LODGE 1965 ERA Indexes Available juice. Spoon the sauce over the pie When attending the Hawaiian Temple, itay ot only 10c bought separately

before serving. I like to serve the—alsothe LaniloaadjacentLodge toin Laie.worldfamousClose and convenientPolynesian FREE with ERA binder at $2.50

sauce warm. Makes 8 servings. Cultural Center and restaurant. Special rates Write to

for excursions. THE ERA IMPROVEMENT

for or write Phone reservations 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 295120 Laie Phone

JANUARY 1966 59 Wonder what to serve when you have friends in?

THE BEST TIME OF OUR LIVES

BY JANET W. BREEZE

Why not #Who ever heard of anyone telling a teenager not to study so hard? try Postum?

It happened—to me! Somehow I

always made friends in school with girls who were known as "brains."

In order to keep up with them scholastically, I had to study, and study hard. When I subsequently

brought home my report cards glowing with straight A's, a wellmeaning adult member of the

Instant family scolded me for wasting the best years of my life. She said I

i should have fun and take advantage of my youth while I had it.

still B's or graduate can "You with c E R E A V E R A G E recapture never C's, but can you

No CAFFE/Nf) forthe A's."extra time you waste working

>$ I ignored the advice and continued storing up knowledge, but her words have haunted me ever since. 7s the carefree day of youth

the best time of our lives? Have

you ever made such a comment?

Many people have.

Not too long ago I heard a missionary completely stun a congregation at his homecoming by

Flavorful, hearty Postum saying in his closing remarks, "I just naturally encourages don't consider my mission to be the good talk among friends. best two years of my life"—the

opposite everyone of what Made with pure, exact to report. expects a missionary But

energyfood ingredients then he went on to say, "It was the and no caffein, best two years so far, but I expect

Postum gives you a natural lift. the next two years and each year

You can drink all you like. thereafter to be even better as my

If you haven't tried testimony of the gospel continues grow."Instant Postum lately, to

Needless to say, there are people you're missing a satisfying, who, to this day, are still upset by bracing drink. this young man's words. They feel

You'll enjoy its natural lift. he must have been a poor missionary, although I have heard nuThe Natural Lift merous reports contrary to their

Send name and address belief. But what was it he really

forfree Postum recipes to: said?mission?ThatCertainlyhe didn'tnot! enjoyHe washis

Postum Recipes, merely trying to express his love for

Box 1040, Kankakee, Illinois.

Postum is a registered trademark of General Foods Corporation.

60 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA life. He wanted to impress his

friends and relatives with the idea that the more we grow, whether in the gospel or life itself (if it's possible to separate the two), the fuller our lives become and the more there is to enjoy. He anticipated that, even though his mission

had been a wonderful experience, raising a family would be even more so.

What, then, of the woman who told me I was wasting the best years of my life? Wasn't that a

fairly good indication that her life must be either spiritually or intellectually standing still? Anyone

who lives that much in the past is not getting what they should out of life. Is your church any place to skimp

When 1 finally graduated from on carpet quality?

high school and felt the independence of a working girl, I truly "No!"say the architects who specify for And Gropoint's 19 colors make it adaptso many of the stately new Mormon able to any decor.

church buildings. Good carpet, they But Gropoint is just one of many

point out, absorbs sound, saves on mainBigelows whose quality befits Mormon tenance costs. And, of course, improves church buildings. There are others, inappearance. cluding styles for every public building,

Bigelow can customhas or home. surprisingly, Bigelow Gropoint every Not LEGACY create carpet. the perfect done We've (above) gets the nod. R. BEAN BY HARRIET

it since 1825.

ft CARPETS SINCE 1825 gifts father had fewMy Longwearing Gropoint's allwool loop to leave pile softens noise to a hushed quiet. Bigelow RUGS last to rest: he went When

A clock he always wound at night,

A garden hoe he had kept bright,

A song ivhich he loved best.

Preserve the Inspiration of The clock grew weary counting hours, The rusted hoe lay by; The Improvement Era

But in my heart his tender song

Will live and sing my whole life In Beautifully Bound Volumes long For comfort till I die. The Mountain West's finest bindery and

printing house is prepared to bind your collected Improvement Era's into fine hard cover volumes. Mail or bring the

editions you wish bound to the Deseret

News Press.

thought it was the best time of my life. But with each succeeding 12 issues in hard cover $3.90. Advance

event life became richer and more payment must accompany all orders wonderful to me. Presently, with Please include postage if volumes are

a loving husband and two small to be returned by mail.

children, I feel I have everything life could offer; but I am positive POSTAGE RATE FROM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

that if my number of children were Zone 5 1.05

1.20 6 1 & 2 65 increaseto joy would double, my

7 1.40 75 childrenaccordingly. As my grow 43 8 1.60 85

and leave home, I don't anticipate my life stagnating as some people do. My husband and I have already

made our semiretirement plans for renewed independence and the disiret-||ews1 F>RE best time of our lives, which we TJLS"eternally. will continuehope

1600 Empire Road Salt Lake City, Utah

JANUARY 1966 61

Teaching ( Continued from page 27 When and if he does this he will not continue to be an enemy to

God. Repentance and faith in God

will restore the Spirit of the Lord in him, but if he will not repent

Jfim Jriah. he will continue as an enemy to

God, the same as the devil.

Brigham Young has stated:

"It is fully proved in all the revelations that God has ever given to mankind that they naturally love and admire righteousness, justice and truth more than they do evil. It is, however, universally,

received by professors of religion as Scriptural doctrine that man is naturally opposed to God. This is

not so.... When we do an evil,

we do it in opposition to the promptings of the Spirit of Truth that is within us. Man, the noblest

work of God, was in his creation

inof all the love which good was You Can't Miss If You Read designed for endless duration, for in his nature. corporated It was

never designed that he should naturally do and love evil."( Journal

of Discourses, Vol. 9, p. 305.)

Those who do evil and who love alt ale* gptilnmr evil have become that way by rejecting the counsel of God and his servants. They have rejected the

promptings of the Spirit of Jesus

Christ which enlightens every man that comes into the world and have gone on in the persuasion of the evil one to the damnation of their > PROTECT own souls. They have willfully your copies of turned against the "promptings of

Spirit of that is within,"the Truth The Improvement as pointed out Young, by Brigham and can only overcome their condition by faith in Christ and repentance from their sins in order with an that the atonement may be efficacious in their behalf. ERA BINDER One who has drunk "damnation

only $2.50 tohavehis aowngodlysoul,"sorrowone whofor doeshis sins,not

one who loves Satan more than The Improvement Era God must yield to the enticings of 79 South State Street the Holy Spirit and become a saint

Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 through the atonement of the Lord

Jesus Christ or he will remain as "an enemy to God."But he who

has remained true to God, ever availing himself of the efficacy of -<>- P-Ht-n-B-O HBMH< the atonement of Jesus Christ, and

FASHION CONSULTANTS has exhibited his love for God all

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS LDS WANTED IN ALL STAKES the days of his life is not an enemy to God. President Heber J. Grant

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple Holiday Lingerie is stated that "no man is perfect but sore throat and other minor mouth now being preone who strives earnestly to conLee. >d by Gay into quer weaknesses and growand throat irritations. the Displays

sin. to eleperfection does not That is of modesty. gance

HALL'S REMEDY Salt Lake City, Utah 2511 S. West Temple, S. L C, Utah

62 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA say, he is not a sinner. A sinner is

one who indulges in sin habitually You can stand by the Sea of Galilee because he takes pleasure in it."Join Murdock Travel's Holy Land Tour, W. Cleon Skousen your guide!

One who has remained for the LEAVING 1 4th MARCH, 1 966, FOR 2 1 DAYS most part through his life as a little You'll see all these wonderful places with a knowlchild, "submissive, meek, humble, edgeable guide to explain everything of significance.

patient, full of love, willing to subColorful Istanbul, Turkey Romantic Beirut and the fantastic ruins of Baalbeck, Lebanon Mystic all to thingsmit the which Lord

Damascus, Syria Cairo, Luxor, The Pyramids, The fit inflict seeth to him"upon

Valley of the Kings, Egypt Jerusalem, Nazareth, is not to (Mosiah an 3:19), enemy Tel Aviv, Haifa, The of Sea GalileeMany other is been. nor ever has heGod He Lovely in Spots the Holy Land via Return beautiful child a birth of both and by God Athens exciting and Rome.

obedience.by ALL INCLUSIVEHOTELS, MEALS, TRAVEL expertly arranged child birth be a To of God by TRAVEL the by MURDOCK experienced travel counselors

is great a and accomwonderful plishment. attained This was

* INC. TRAVEL, MURDOCK

faithfulness in ourthrough our preSALT 1 4 SOUTH MAIN, LAKE CITY, UTAH existence. of child a remain To I

God by obedience is also a great Send me full details of the Holy Land Tour I and wonderful accomplishment.

The purpose of this life is for each Name 1 individual forth to show his obediMURDOCK Address lawsence to the and commandments of God and thereby signify @TRAVEL City State Zip to his Heavenly Father that he loves him and that he is willing to endure anything "which the Lord seeth fit to inflict upon him, even as a child doth submit to his father."(Mosiah 3:19.)

Who, then, is the "natural man"to whom King Benjamin referred, or the "unnatural man"by thedefinition of Brigham Young? He now:f

is an enemy to God. He is one who

has become carnal, sensual, and devilish and one who has turned away from the Lord and has gone contrary to the influence of the more than 270 courses in home study.

Spirit of the Lord. He is one who Here is an opportunity to continue your

has turned to Satan and has loved education at your own convenience and in

Satan more than God, thereby your own home. The teaching is personal and

making himself an enemy to God. individual.

The man who is an enemy to God has become that way through his own willful disobedience—from

turning to the love of Satan and Write today for further from the love of God. He is not an information and a free catalog.

because of Adam'senemy to God fully HOME Christtransgression. atoned

for that act. He is not an enemy toGod because he has,, been "shut STUDY

Brigham Young the presenceout"from of God

University of speaking.physically The Spirit Provo, STATE ZIP CODE 'Utah

Jesus Christ enlightens every man that comes into the world. He who

becomes an enemy to God must do so by rejecting the Spirit of Jesus

Christ which is in him and the message of his servants both past and present who have and who do declare his gospel. He who beIDAHO FALLS

comes an enemy to God must love BUY, SELL, TRADE OLD L.D.S.

Satan more than God. He must When attending the Idaho

reject the principles of repentance Falls Temple, stay at the BOOKS, PAPERS, PAMPHLETS—Idaho Falls TRAVELODGE to Christ if he is in Jesusand faith

close convenient—Millennial Press Book Exchange is to remain an if he andbecome Spec ial rates for excursions. open all and—Temple

enemy to God. day Saturdays.—Phone or write for reserva- P. O. Box 635 tions

255 E Street Los Angeles, California 90272

Idaho Falls, Idaho Ph. 5232960

JANUARY 1966 63

Award Night shirt, tie the good ski to the end Genealogy try one, broken of Ralph's and ( Continued from page 31(Continued from page 29)

If could Ralph a toboggan. making

tains. Al dragged another big log just sit up. He had it tied and was intends to research. By correin by the fire so they would be dragging the still sleeping Ralph spondence with these people, he

sure to have enough wood for all onto the sled when he heard a will be made aware of what renight. shout. search has already been performed,

"What about your dad and the "Yoohoo! Hellooo."He had and he can be directed into areas

scout dinner?"Ralph remembered. been so intent on his work—a snow of research where he will be the

"Don't worry. Dad can come find cat was at the bottom of the ravine, most useful.

us."He was glad now that his dad its lights searching for them. The participant may discover

wasn't out on a run. He was usually "Over here,"yelled Al. Relief through PRS that a family organigone three days at a time. made him shake as with a chill, and zation is in existence for the lines

Ralph's leg began to ache and his he brushed away a tear. he intends to research. He can then

head ached, so Al tried binding Al's dad and another man on the join the organization and offer to the leg to a piece of the broken cat maneuvered into position to lift assist in its research projects. Beski, and that seemed to ease the Ralph onto a sled tied on behind, ginners are often amazed at the

boy. wrapped him in blankets, and gave amount of genealogical research

They prayed earnestly before eatthat has already been performed ing most of the remains of the lunch by their own family organizations.

and drinking some of the water Membership in a family organiheated with a milkchocolate bar GOLDEN ANNIVERSARY zation or several such organizations melted in it; they both felt better', BY MABEL JONES GABBOTT cuts down on the amount of inforand the hot drink wanned them mation that an individual should

inside. Note the dream has weathered the register with PRS. When there is

As Al was thinking the dinner years, a family organization, a PRS repwould be starting and the awards Frayed where the edges reached resentative should be assigned by were probably being passed out, too far, the organization to register the

Ralph became delirious. Al wished Darkened in sheen where anxious pedigree lines for which the orgathey had some blankets, but he tears nization is responsible for research.

pulled the bough bed with Ralph Christened its striving toward a Individual participants registering on it closer to the fire and tried to star; for themselves should register only

make him more comfortable. He the lines they are working on that

dropped off to sleep and finally Yet strengthened in fiber through do not fall under the research roused about an hour later to find stress and strain jurisdiction of family organizations.

the fire just red coals, and he was Of two separate wholes being The potential of PRS and of the stiff with cold. He raked the ends welded as one, service that can be rendered geneof the branches into the glow and Mellowed by measures of storm alogists everywhere is unlimited.

piled more wood on, and soon the and rain, Right now PRS is a "sleeping fire was roaring. Ralph seemed to And reaching, reaching toward the giant"—just beginning to stretch its

be sleeping more quietly. Al sun; arms and go into action. If all

checked to be sure he was breathgenealogical researchers through-.

ing. Building a buhvark against all fears out the world will register their

"I wish they would hurry up and And hurts that the heart would pedigrees, completely and properfind us."Just 'then a coyote broke come to know; ly, PRS will become the greatest

the eerie silence with a long unSo is the dream in its quiet years, boon to genealogical research the earthly howl. With love's fire banked to a steady world has ever known.

"I had better keep awake and glow. Priesthood members throughout

keep that fire going,"Al said to the Church should take the lead himself. in encouraging participation in this

After another long wait and new and promising program.

again finding the fire had died Al hot chocolate from one of two NOTE: A 38page PRS instruction

down, he finally was getting uneasy. Thermos jugs. booklet containing examples and

He knew Ralph needed help and Ralph came to when they moved illustrations can be obtained from soon. Could he make a toboggan him. Deseret Book Company. The price

and get him down the hill? They "I'm all right now. I don't know is 25c. The booklet is available with

might be found quicker if they what I'd have done without Al. a plain cover or punched to fit the

were closer to civilization. God helped him care for me."Genealogical Instruction Manual.

He tried weaving a mat with Al got into the other sled, and When ordering, ask for Supplement branches of the pine. If he just had they started down the mountain. B to the Genealogical Instruction

some rope he could bind it to the He glanced back at their camp, Manual, entitled "Pedigree Referral skis. He knew there was too much where there was just a glow from Sendee."PRS registration and inloose powder snow for him to the doused fire. As they rounded quiry forms can be obtained at no

walk, and it was too cold to take a bend, he got a last glimpse of cost from ward or branch priestoff his coat. God's winter wonderland and ofhood leaders or from the GeneaFinally, he decided to take off his fered a silent prayer. logical Society.

64 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Marion D. Hanks, Editor Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor January 1966

1 n

on? The Lords? or..

HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF YOU all over the world are going to

priesthood meeting and MIA, learning in seminary, leading out in a stand for

right, praying in a family circle, working your way, gathering in youth

conference and leadership meets, speaking and singing and dancing and

growing in the gospel of Jesus Christ.

Hundreds of thousands of you all over the world committed to and living by high standards of cleanness and purity—abstaining

from tea, coffee, tobacco, liquor, immorality, and aimless carousing in any

form. You do this under all kinds of conditions in your world of college,

army, brainwashings, and the ilk of adult movies.

You do this, making a mockery of statistics that color your generation

delinquent, unchaste, wasteful, and selfish.

You do this establishing yourself to be on the Lord's side and heir to all his

blessings for those who love him and keep his commandments...

blessings in the now as well as in the f oreverness of life.

In this issue are some provocative articles to help you firm up your faith, understand your problems, meet your challenges... and keep you on the Lord's side.

Who's on the lords side?! 8 1

The first AllBritish hadrace,lostso hissheshoesofferedjust priorhim tohers.his 1955,confirmedwhenasI awasmemberbaptizedof Theand

Youth Conference When her race was called, she Church of Jesus Christ of Lattergreat Saints. day member to of this find the with boy unable A was event for all an exhilaratingwas

I nine years, over Church for of now unher shoes. Because her own R. Sister Margaretconcerned.

Jackson of the General YWMIA selfish kindness and selfsacrifice understand more fully the miracle

Presidency, General Superintenfor a friend, she had to forfeit her of life, why we are here, and dent G. Carlos Smith, Jr., and race, and she did so with no ill where we are going after this life.

President Marion D. Hanks were feelings at all. So when my father died in June

special visitors from Salt Lake 1964, I felt comforted to know that

City. Sister Jackson's report folif I live up to the teachings of our

lows: Heavenly Father and keep his

In spite of steady driving rains, commandments, I will be able to the spirit of 2,600 young people see my father again. The Lord

from -all over England, Wales, and gives and he takes. He took my

Scotland were not dampened as father, but he has shown me the they gathered for the AllBritish I know the youth will never forway that I may further my educaYouth Conference held near Moreget the blessings of their three tion.

cambe in northern England. days at Pontins... as they parUntil recently I was uncertain

We were amazed as the football ticipated and reveled in whether I could go to college be-

I the cause have did not funds to played were soccer gamesand and a "smashing and so. guidance asked I prayed and do splashed put discusthe and shot splashing"good time. from my Heavenly Father, and Iwith each throw on a watersoaked, spongelike field. by Margaret R. Jackson know that my prayers were anEnthusiasm ran high, and swered. On May 4, 1965, 1 received

loyalty to each zone brought real a telephone call from the Bert S.

spirit to every activity. Road Nakaji Scholarship Committee

shows were polished and speechchairman informing me that I had contest talks were far above been selected as the 1965 recipient average. Military costumes for the of the $4,000 Bert S. Nakaji Scholdance festival were made by arship—a scholarship that would

turning up the collars on the boys'see me through four years of coldark dress coats and basting on lege. After I hung up the telephone,

braid trim. Ingenuity and origi- I bowed my head and thanked the

nality were detected at every turn. Lord for opening the way for me.

I then called my mother and told her the good news. She quoted this

scripture: "Seek ye first the kingdom of God, and all these things

shall be added unto you."(See

Matt. 6:S3.)

Then I understood why I was chosen. I seek his guidance and

w=* his counsel, and he in turn answers

A group of young men taking my prayers. We all can receive joy

their vacation time walked all the and happiness if we seek God's way from Scotland to be present, guidance and heed his counsel. If

hearts taking five days each way for and with humble do so the we 'trip. the intent, open he will sincere

A Scottish girl waiting for her way for all of us. I bear you my

turn to run in the races noted that testimony that I know this is the one of the boys in the track meet ROSE MARIE ABINOSA of Hilo, true gospel and that if we live acHawaii, is one of eleven children cording to his teachings, we will of Mrs. Trinidad Abinosa, a widow. truly be blessed and be "exceeding

This statement concerning her life glad."

and testimony should be strengthby Rose Marie Abinosa ening to you:

The most thrilling experience of my life occurred on November 11,

SCOTT WINTCH SONNE, eldest son of Mr. and Mrs. Conway B.

Sonne of Palo Alto, California, is a young man with things going for him. His church, school,

athletic, and social records thus far in his life are impressive.

Currently at Stanford University on scholarship, he is in the Sunday School superintendency already. He has served as a studentbody president and Boys 9 State

delegate, was selected as a federation honor student and a merit scholar, was awarded the Senior

Cup at graduation, is an Eagle

Scout, and spent part time working as an equipment serviceman for a plumbing company.

When Sacramento Stake produced The King and I, these two boys, not yet members of the LDS

Church, appeared for the first time on any stage. They were a hit, as

was the ambitious production.

Colorful, costumed, and carefully directed, the event was one to remember for all participants and viewers, according to V. McConochee, stake leader. The stake has

had great success with their first year of organized camping with 100 percent certification of leaders and girls being the record. Even

making a fire in pouring rain (as pictured) proved possible to these good campers.

MARJORIE MEADS, daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Garner Meads of

Salt Lake City, is an exemplary

LDS girl with Roman candles in her eyes. She won the trip to

the ancient city by being the best seamstress in the US. She's

a highschool junior and a member of the Pep Club, French

Club, and Dance Club and has plans for a career in fashion design. (P.S. Marjorie was

named International Winner at Rome!)

Having been caught in that proverbial tug-o '-war, have you been pulled to the wrong side? Here's the way back.

The Importance

of Being Alma

by Robert Spencer ALMA, known as "the younger'* because he bore the same name as his father who was Chief High Priest or President of the

Church, in company with four sons of King Mosiah, secretly sought to destroy the Church by the use of "much flattery"and "many <.

words."The record refers to them as "the very vilest of sinners"

(Mosiah 28:4), and Alma as "a very wicked and an idolatrous

man."(Mosiah 27:8.)

While thus occupied, Alma received a miraculous visit. An

angel of the Lord appeared to him, explaining that his presence was an answer to the faith, the fasting, and the prayers of Alma's father. The angel told Alma that unless he stopped his deliberate A

effort to destroy the Lord's work, he would be destroyed himself.

During the next three days and nights, Alma suffered the torments of the damned. He recounted the experience to his son

Helaman in later years

... as I was thus racked with torment, while I was >v harrowed up by the memory of my many sins, behold, I

remembered also to have heard my father prophesy unto the people concerning the coming of one Jesus Christ, a

Son of God, to atone for the sins of the world.

Now, as my mind caught hold upon this thought, I cried within my heart: Jesus, thou Son of God, have

mercy on me, who am in the gall of bitterness, and am encircled about by the everlasting chains of death.

And now, behold, when I thought this, I could remember my pains no more; yea, I was harrowed up by

the memory of my sins no more.

And oh, what joy, and what marvelous light I did behold; yea, my soul was filled with joy as exceeding as

was my pain.

Yea, I say unto you, my son, that there could be nothing so exquisite and so bitter as were my pains. Yea,

and again I say unto you, my son, that on the other hand, there can be nothing so exquisite and sweet as was my joy. (Alma 36:1721.)

ABOUT

A father's faith and prayers inspired a son's conversion.

And Alma, the younger—what happened to him?

He became the President of the Church, succeeding his father.

He also became the Chief Judge, the highest elective office of his people. So?

So, from Alma, the younger, we learn that the result of true repentance is not, in God's eyes, like—a board into which a nail has been driven, then withdrawn,

but leaving a hole;

—a bird with broken wing, now mended, which can never

again fly so high;

—a train derailed, back again on the track, but never able to

make the distance it might have reached.

God has taught us, through the prophets, that sincere

REPENTANCE BRINGS FORGIVENESS—COMPLETE FORGIVENESS

Alma repented, and God forgave him. He became the Chief

High Priest, the Lord's Anointed. He learned obedience and fulfilled

his full potential—in this life.

iKofcL the importance of being Alma.

FACE

mi

lite OU of aim mm crow is

won derfa*.

wholesome

'i*fe. i people

- you ii

the right

. *# v * *<r **

:.;.:;...::... -"V.

*SP: *Mr *Pf. -.#*S ways

Jm***

ti being where fond of act/on is

-23%V#?MbiSfe &ft 14 *3&* #A *tt* -life -#k *% Nk #* J

/fcfu&'.'A true story—with youthful

jim yahamech

by Virginia Anderson

yes."called back, "Why, She Who's on the Lord's side? want, "If you added, Jim you may come back

talk."in week, can a and we

is of Canadian, a champion a Yahamech, Jim missionon. Being and went two nodded The

Lord, not the but it has always been so. Maybe aries, the invitation. jotted To they them down

is is so diligent these the that reason days he promise. his a held answer in seeking first the kingdom of heaven.

Jim Yahamech at 34 is six feet, 170 pounds, clear eyed, with an aristocratic tilt to his head and lips with corners turned perpetually into an appreciative smile. He is soft spoken, humble; yet, he emanates a feeling of strength and

courage. Mr. Y. is married and has four children

ranging in age from eleven to a year.

A little more than four years ago, he and his wife talked about finding some church where they could send their three young children, for to them children are important. They were

conscientious parents. Just after Christmas The Yahamechs are vibrant people and a wellwhile Jim was working under his car parked matched couple. Each at this time enjoyed enin front of his home, two yoUng elders walked tertaining and "living it up"around the clock.

down the streets of this new residential area Parties were synonymous with liquor and a gay time. They were such fun to be around

and were always the center of things.

A week after Jim's first encounter with the

LDS missionaries, he was gathering up the liquor bottles from the big New Year's Eve party they had given. He had placed some 17

in a sack to throw out; and as he opened the

door he was confronted by the alert, neatly dressed missionaries. Being true to his word,

he invited them in. The conversion of the family

began.

The youths came back for the second discussion. This was followed by the fourth, then the

fifth, and finally the sixth discussion.

in Vancouver. As they passed his car and ob- "Well, Mr. Y., what do you think?"

served two legs protruding, they stopped and "It sound? good, but I just don't know. Is

one called out, "Sir, what do you know about this all? I thought you mentioned there were

the Mormons?"He edged out, "Nothing, and six lessons. We've just had five."

as you see I'm busy."Then apologetic for his "We bypassed the third lesson because it is

abruptness to the two neatly dressed, smiling a discussion of our Word of Wisdom. We

youth, he shouted to his wife hanging out the wanted you to get the overall story of the gospel wash, "You want to know about the Mormons, first. Are you up to having words of wisdom in

Isabel?"caring for the body?"

missionaries giving the strong pull to help this family get on the Lord's side.

team member

"You're hitting a vulnerable spot, as you They needed a great stabilizing influence that know, but go ahead. Let's see how we respond would continue always. He realized that the

to such advice."Church was the answer. His wife had already

At the conclusion of the evening, Jim said, become convinced of the truthfulness of this "Just don't tell me now I'll be better off if I new religion. So Mr. and Mrs. Yahamech enstop smoking. I feel fine. I like to smoke, and tered the waters of baptism and truly experithere is nothing wrong with me. I enjoy my enced a rebirth. Their lives have been

status in life."completely changed for the good.

An elder wisely challenged, "I'll bet you can't In due time they came to Salt Lake City and stop, and knowing this, you are just making were married in the temple for time and all excuses for yourself."eternity and had the children sealed to them.

Jim Y. pondered this statement many times They then desired to have a child born in the

during the following days. Maybe he should covenant. A year ago this blessing was granted

try, just to find out if he could. So the test them.

began. His wife found the words "I'll bet you In the bishopric now, Jim attended, for the

can't stop"too true. She had been smoking first time, October conference to partake of

three packs a day, and it was hard to leave the spirit found within the great Mormon them alone. Jim called Isabel from work each Tabernacle. He attended all the sessions and

day to check on her progress. She encouraged special meetings pertaining to his position.

him. When Jim was on the night shift, he felt With each he became more convinced of the

a particularly strong desire to "light up"durdivinity of the gospel of Jesus Christ.

ing his midnight lunch hour. When the elders

heard about this nighttime temptation, they dropped in during his snack period for many a night and sat and chatted until it was time for him to get back to work.

The Word of Wisdom slowly became part of their code of living.

The family was now attending church meetings, and Jim's spirit was quickened as he became aware of the opportunities afforded the young people. Time after time he was amazed At the conclusion of the conference weekend,

at the youth program, and the response of he commented, "Oh, what have I to show for youth, and the talents developed by them all my leisure hours before becoming a Morthrough regular attendance. mon? What did I do with my time? Being here

The Y. children were well loved by their paramong LDS who have several generations beents. Maybe it was worth baptism to offer their hind them, I feel humble. Within a home,

seven-, five-, and twoyear-old youngsters such traditions and teachings build up from one an environment. generation to another. We must work fast and

Jim now sensed that parents alone can't prosurely to provide for our young family what vide all that is needed in rearing children. God people here take for granted."

must be called in as a partner; his standards Who's on the Lord's side? Many stalwart

must lay the foundation for life. Then his people who serve well. But in the foreground

thoughts came back to his own little ones. They is the Yahamech family, who know of a surety

needed more than Isabel and he could give. what it means to be on the Lord's team.

by Kay Merrell Hawkes /- rjfrddri'>J%$. WHOdoesn'tDOit?YOUWouldTHINKyou careYOUto ARE?answerSeemsit? to be a simple enough question,

You say you are Larry Jones and you are Mary Smith. Which Larry Where do you fit Jones and which Mary Smith? The ones who live on Pinetree Lane in

in the long line Center City? Fine, fine. But now, who do you think you are?

peopling the "What do you mean?"you say. "I just told you."

Lord's side? Undoubtedly, some day, some place, we are going to be asked just who

we are. We will have to be ready for the question. That you are the

spiritual child of our Heavenly Father is part of that answer. That you

are the son or daughter of earthly parents is another part. But there is

more to it than that.

This miniscule particle of eternity which we are now experiencing is going to terminate before we realize the time has flown. And after that

we will be asked who we are. If we cannot answer, how will we know which

family we belong to? How will we know which loved ones are awaiting

our arrival with open arms? And will their arms be open and eager for

us if we have made no endeavor to help them and to bind ourselves to them?

think do Who you you are?

Surely there are families in the next life after this. Would an existence

be heavenly if there were no father and mother there to greet us? If there

were no sister to put her arms about you? If there were not your beloved

grandfather, the one who bought that first pocketknife for you, there with his smile and comradeship?

Holy scriptures, prophets'testimonies, and individual testimonies prove there is life after physical death. And proof has long existed of family

ties and love continuing in the next life. These wondrous conditions are

based upon one prime requisite. That is: Man must live "by every word

that proceedeth out of the mouth of God."(Matt. 4:4.) And one of the

requirements of each generation is that they be sealed to their progenitors. We know there is no salvation without our dead.

Once more, who do you think you are? There are so many Jones

families and Smith families that you must be certain. You must be

positive your sealing line runs as true as the blood which flows within you.

Can you tell without hesitation what was your mother's maiden name?

Do you readily know the first name of your father's mother? Do you

know from what countries your greatgrandparents came?

Do you know where you can obtain all your answers? Have you ever

filled out a family group sheet for yourself and your parents? If you do

not do so, vital information may be lost and vital links in your personal chain to celestial exaltation may be weakened and even broken.

There is a word for finding who you are. The word is genealogy. Look

4 Vi

it up in the dictionary. It is the science of gaining complete identity.

It is as hypnotizing as a jigsaw puzzle, as inspiring as the golden Angel

Moroni atop the Salt Lake Temple, and as intriguing as any mystery you could ever read. But this mystery surrounds you. Yes, you, Larry Jones

and Mary Smith.

Just how come you have red hair and blue eyes? Are you a bit Irish?

You are tall and athletic. Was your grandfather before you built the

same? You are interested in politics and, what is going on in the world.

Did you have an ancestor whose firm hand signed the Mayflower Compact with a flourish? Was that your sixth greatgrandfather who lay critically

wounded by Indians in New York State and lived only long enough to declare his love for family and his country?

Genealogy means that ancestor may have his beloved family forever if you will submit his family group sheet for temple work. It also

means that you will meet those people who so diligently lived that you are in this land of favored circumstance. They exist. They are real people.

They are your people.

Now, just who do you think you are?

Being in the World Without Being Part of the World

by Mrs. Charles F. Wilcox

FOURTH IN A SERIES

During my fourteen years'experience arranging for the exhibiting of suitable motion pictures as stake projects in the Church, I:,/ have been in frequent contact with officials and workers of the

film world. Never at any time has my strict observance of the Word

of Wisdom been a source of embarrassment to me.

If I am offered a cocktail by someone I do not know, someone

I do know will say, "She's a Mormon—they don't touch the stuff."They all take this in good spirit—nobody has ever shown offense or

made light of my convictions. The cocktail is at once replaced by

'(> a soft drink.

From movingpicture top officials I have heard many words of praise for the Latterday Saints they see and meet. They admire

our people for their clean living, their honesty, their courtesy, and integrity. They are happy to exhibit their films to Mormon audiences.

The theater hands also rejoice—because they do not have to

sweep up the litter of cigarette stubs off the floor.

h*- v..1 Z7 1

and your place on the right team just because you're coaxed, teased, tempted, taunted, laughed at, bribed, begged, enticed. Remember whose side you are on and what the team training rules require.

No temptation (however tempting!) is worth being on the losing side.

Keep your head—and your status eternally.

"The Lord is on my side; I will not fear: what can man do unto me?"

(Psalm 118:6.)

Who else is on your side?

1. Parents 2. Church 3. Good friends 4. Era of Youth

The Last Word

Build thee more stately mansions, my soul,...:0 swift the seasons roll! As

'i ""(''./.y-r-:-:M''t"past! lowvaulted thy Leave

Let each new temple, nobler than the last,.'.I'!

Shut thee from heaven with a dome more vast,

Till thou at length art free, Leaving thine outgrown shell by life's unresting sea! Don't brag. It isn't the

Oliver Wendell Holmes, from "The Chambered Nautilus"whistle that pulls the train.

"I am sorry to drag you If we give everything we have for so far out into the subeternal life, it will still be the best barurbs on a dreadful night gain we can make.—Sterling W. Sill

like this, doctor."

"That 's okay. I have another patient in this vicinity, so I can kill two If the moon isn't made of green cheese, why

birds with one stone."the rat race to see who gets there first?

Nothing annoys a woman more than to have friends drop in unexpectedly and find the If you tell the truth you don 1 1 have house looking as it usually does. to remember anything. -Mark Twain

Oftentimes when I hear people talk of their We would consider it strange that difficulties, it appears like foolishness to me; God should make an earth and

I scarcely notice them.—Hebei C. Kimball not visit it.—Stephen G. Covey

From a letter to Lever BrothThe probability of life originating from acciers: "Dear Sirs, You advertise dent is comparable to the probability of the

it's safe unabridged dictionary resulting from an with the claim—If in water, it's safe in Lux. explosion in a printing shop.—Professor EdNow, about ray goldfish...."win Conklin, Princeton University biologist

Pat and Mike were dining together. When the fish arrived,

Pat took the larger piece. "Foine manners ye have,"said

Mike. "If I'd reached out first, I'd have taken the smaller

piece.""What's ailin'ye?"Pat said. "You got it, ain't ye?"

80 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA KSL, home of radio... 50,000 watts

of penetrating power.,. pacesetting

news... unparalleled variety...

and masterful personalities from our home to your home... 24 hours daily!

home of radio

FROM OUR HOME TO YOUR HOME

PACESETTING NEWS! UNPARALLELED VARIETY!

First broadcast station to report United FarmingHollywood - Music

FirstAirlines disaster. 727 jet

with Roundup"6:45 a.m. "Farm and Ranch with New York n stories. accomplishmentspower failure Such Skinner. Lynn Adair and Morgan

are typical for the leader in Intermountain g 9:40 a.m. "Calling Hollywood"with

America News. Be assured of the last word |f| IP

111 Joe Johnson.in local, regional, national and international "T ||B 6:15 p.m. "Rare but Well Done"with

news by listening to instantaneous reports Joe Meier.

from KSL, home of news.

Steve Lawson Hal Peterson Joe Johnson Herb Jepko HMargaret Masters Paul James Joe Meier Bob Welti Wes Vernon

MASTERFUL PERSONALITIES

These are a few of the KSL, home of radio, personalities who provide you with news, information, entertainment, delightful conversation, and companionship.

f C\ o \J home of radio Broadcast House Salt Lake City, Utah

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

"Catch me. Daddy..."These familiar words express the trust of a child in his

father. He jumps with the full confidence that you will be there to catch and care for

him. This trust extends to his faith in your provision BENEFICIAL IIFE

for his future, too. You can best assure it with a

Beneficial Life plan to suit your needs and income. Virgil H. Smith, Pro. Salt Lake City, Utah