u y The Improvement Era August 1965

.:.: '$. I

Where B. Y. U. students meet in friendship,

Interstate Brick lends its warmth.

A masterful use of sculptured dimension and color in an interior brick wall in the Union Building. A conclusion of artistic

merit, the result of imagination and familiar media.

Brick is fire safe. Brick is maintenancefree. Brick is permanent.

Brick builds better for less. Brick is beautiful.

INTERSTATE COMPANY

3100 SOUTH 1 100 EAST SALT LAKE CITY r

Exploring the Universe

By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr.

||,r r *'||, fl |plIill 11l-';ri rflSS"

ill* rii'11!;:n ||PWORLD'S HYDROELECTRIC TrlVf!.r!5POWER,,|ir iiiirfirl

The US Geological Survey notes that the States United with presently of 23 percent the world's in- r|Fr iH fTl 'iM!

stalled hydropower capacity could,.g Fa gikinjnrfelnri

still potentially the present double capacity. highest,iiii rnrnf rrr 1 has the Norway

per capita consumption of elecii.tirnnmrrrr

tricity with kilowatt 9,000 hours nil i i it rper is year. France near St. Malo

constructing the first major tidalpower project, and Russia is build- r*f* ing the world's two highest dams, one 984 feet high on the Vakhsh

River and the other 988 feet high on the Ingura River.

TRAINED FLATWORMS Soon at the Research at the University of Michigan on the brain and memory Brigham Young Corner has used the planarian or flatworm, which is about a half inch long A NEW ZIONS FIRST NATIONAL BANK when fully grown. The entire

nervous system includes only a Zions First National Bank will soon return to Salt Lake's few thousand nerve cells. The flatmost distinctive address—One Main Street—where the

canworm be conditioned that bank has stood for more than threequarters of a century.

light rewhen a it will is shown ceive a shock, after about 150 trials. On the "Brigham Young corner"the bank will have itsIf the trained flatworm is cut in central offices in a new building with expanded operations—

half, the head end grows a new the most modern service but with the same reliability and tail, the tail end grows a new head, sound management that has been characteristic of Zions Bank and both new worms remember a since its founding by Brigham Young in 1873.

large part of original what the worm had learned. For efficient, dependable service on a checking account,

savings account, or when you need a loan, "See Zions First

ENGLAND'S STONEHENGE National first."

Computations by Gerald S.

Hawkins on the Stonehenge upright stone assemblage alignments Em ZIONS 70 East South Temple

South Mainhave established the existence

South 102 Mainhighlevel, complex sun and moon 8th West 21st South & of a FIRST NATIONAL 235orbit knowledge including irreguCottonwood Mall larities as well as the ability to 450 South 2nd West 7th East & 4th Southpredict eclipses. This to skill seems Kearns BANKhave been more advanced than Taylorsville Founded by Brigham Young—1873

contemporary ability around 2,000

BC in Egypt, Mesopotamia, and China. Send mail to 70 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.

AUGUST 1965 865 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Contents for August 1965 Volume 68, Number 8

ART AND PHOTO CREDITS

Church Features Art direction: Ralph Reynolds

The Editor's Page: The Realm of Women, President David O. McKay 676 665670 Art:Art: EdEd MaryonMaryon

Your Question: Blessings of the Descendants of Ephraim 6767Photo:Art: MauriceTed CannonScanlon

President Joseph Fielding Smith 678 682680 TopPhoto:Photo:DeseretCutlerNews

684687 Photos: Norman Price and

Warren Luch The Church Moves On, 668; Melchizedek Priesthood: Summertime Is Family Home 692-3, 695 Art: Ed Maryon

Evening Time, 712; Presiding Bishopric's Page:. This I Believe, 714. 6936967Art:Art:MauriceBurton ScanlonFletcher

699 Photo: Hugh Nibley

700-1 Art: Warren Luch

71213 Photo: Ed Maryon

71415 Photos: Unknown

Art: Martha Purdy Special Features 71617

Phyllis 720 Art: Luch

American Mother, Dorothy Oakley Rea..680 734729, Photo:730, 732UnionPhotos:PacificRobertRailroadPerine

Salt Lake Temple Story, Albert L. Zobell, Jr. and Edward O. Anderson 684 7357367Photo:Photos:Ralph1 to Reynoldsr Lorin

Heavenly Father's Health Law, Leah D. Widtsoe 688 Wiggins,Ernst Wittke,Joern RalphGerdts,Reynolds

Art: JaNeanne Allen,

Scanlon A Tribute, Marba C. Josephson 689 738740741Photo:MauriceHal Rumel

Teaching: These I Will Make My Rulers, Alma P. Burton 690 743744 Photo:Art: EdErnstMaryonWittke

Since Cumorah, New Voices from the Dust, Part 4 continued, Hugh Nibley..696

Genealogy: Why Family Organizations? 700

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 704, 722

S. Harris, Jr., the Universe, Franklin Exploring 665; These Times: Neither Purse nor Sword, WORLD'S FAIR Letters 674. Reports, and Durham, 670; G. Homer

Information on reservations for housing accommodations while The Era of Youth 729 obtainedattending bythe contactingWorld's Fair may be

The Last Word 744 ErnestLDS World'sH. WiemerFair Housing Center

8569 60th Drive Elmhurst, New York 11373 Telephone OL 1-3540 Family and Home Features Reservations must be made early.

Today's Family, Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Healthy Bodies and Healthy Spirits 716

Home, Sweet Home, FBP! 720

Stories, PoetryWere One So Tall, Leon L. Peterson 692

Poetry 668, 672, 695, 698, 706, 708, 728

The Improvement Era Offices, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

THE COVER L. Managing Josephson, C. Marba Managing Green, Doyle Richard and O.David McKay

Editorial Associates; Pinnock, Davis, FlorenceAssociate Marlowe,Editor; Becki TodaysEditor; FamilyAlbert Editor;L. Zobell,MarionJr., Editor; DaroldResearch Carter

Editor; Direction: Studio. Art Associate ReynoldsB. Ralph Era YouthE. Grant,Editor;L. Evans,DonnaElaineEditors; Youth pond reflects the The Hiccins,Cannon, The Era ofD. Hanks, A beaver of

G. Homer Durham, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., Hugh Nibley, Sidney B. Sperry. Alma A. Gardiner, Contributing Editors. transcendent beauty of a dawn sky

G. Cablos Smith, Jr., General Manager; Florence S. Jacobsen, Associate General Manager; Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A, Glen Snahr, Subscription against a backdrop of the rugged

Director; Thayer Evans, Advertising Director. Grand Tetons in Wyoming. Across

the a tributary pond, formed from

Mutual of Saints, published of 1965, Christ of Latterday by the Jesus Association and Church The Superintendent, Men's Improvement Mutual YoungGeneral of River, the Snake a moose subscripmultiple in price, advance; rights All reserved. $3.00 Subscription a year, of of of Associations Christ Latterday The Jesus ChurchImprovement surveys the day. new price. three year years, $8.25; year,tions, the $2.50 a year to $5.75; each succeeding 3 addedSaints. 2 years,

is color transparency The by Hal section for in 1103, at as Office, for City, Salt rate of at special provided matter, secondclass Post the mailing postageEntered Acceptance Utah Lake act Rumel. authorized 1913. 2,of 1917, October July

Era ImprovementThe a word and must be accompaniedis not responsibleby sufficientfor unsolicitedpostage formanuscriptsdelivery andbutreturn.welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of 2c

notice days'Thirty changes cannot be madeis requiredunless thefor oldchangeaddressof asaddress.well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address Coverby DeseretlithographedNews Pressin full color

666 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA six books for summer

The following are Deseret Book's suggestions for summer reading and inspiration. All six volumes are timely, educational, and extremely

inspirational.

The Apostles and the Primitive Church by Franklin L. West

Completing Dr. West's Bible trilogy, The Apostles of the Primitive

Church reveals the dramatic period of history during the time of the

Savior's ministry. His other two books are Discovering the New Testament and Jesus, His Life and Teaching. $2.05

This Way But Once by J. Stanley Harrison

The author, a public speaker of wide experience, shares with the reader his own personal philosophy of life. Chapter headings include

"Adjust to Life,""Thought and Action,""The Pattern of Consistency,"and many others. $2.05

Our Word of Wisdom by David D. Geddes

Dr. Geddes, chairman of the Department of Physical Education for Men

and Professor of Health and Physical Education at Brigham Young University, presents the most convincing case for the Mormon "health code"available at this date. $2.05

A Reply to "The Church of the Firstborn of the Fulness of Times93 by Henry W. Richards

Elder Richards examines the schismatic movement of the alleged prophet Joel F. LeBarron and calmly demolishes the morass of doctrinal

deviations expounded by his followers. $1.75

Character and Leadership by Leland H. Monson and Clinton W. Barton

assert scholars that prominent America needs and educators IDS A 'Two integrity her in the her use of to guide genuine greatly magnimen of REPLY

TO "The fied powers. An outline for such greatness is included. $2.50

Church of the Firstborn Dynamic Leadership by W. Lynn Fluckiger

of the A New York City public accountant and LDS youth leader provides a Fulness of Times"blueprint for effective,dynamic leadership. Four sections are: "Pursuing

Excellence... the Substance of Leadership,""Acquiring the Prerequisites of Leadership,""Emphasizing the Skills of Leadership,"and

"Inspirational Thoughts on Citizenship."$2.00

OeseretCOMPANY Book 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND AT COTTONWOOD MALL

CITY SALT LAKE 2472 BLVD.. WASHINGTON OGDEN 44DESERETEast SouthBOOKTempleCO. 777 CALIFORNIA SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE,

Sail Lake City, Utah Phone 3288191

order. Enclosed find check please Gentlemen: money (DYNAMIC

charge please Amount $ I have an account, I

LEADERSHIP NameAddress.

City

wl fN(IUCKI"State..Zip.

Residents of Utah, please add 3'/2% sales tax. Residents of California,

when ordering through California, please add 4% sales tax.

ERA AUG. 65

HHK

AUGUST 1965 667

DEAR ANCESTOR

BY MARY V1CKERS HUDSPETH

past, the Sanctuary ofThe Today, at our National Archives,

I searched and for found Your name.Church Moves Through the mist of ages

Or of my happy tears,On You returned so vividly to me:

I saw you walking slowly in the midday sun From the fields, MAY 1965 For you saw him approach—

The census taker.

PJ1 Elder Ariel C. Merrill sustained as president of Monterey Bay Your face is tan,

(California) Stake with Elders Quinten J. Taylor and Carl R. And your clothing holds the

Peterson as counselors. President Merrill and Elder Taylor were fragrance

counselors to President Donald S. Reber who is released. Of the soil, your life, your work.

Then I saw her, too, The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder Your wife, standing at the open

Dale R. Curtis of Salt Lake City as president of the Nethercabin door.

lands Mission succeeding Slooten. President President Don Van

is currently Curtis board. general of the a member YMMIA He Shehersmoothesskirt. her hair and tidies

filled a mission to the Netherlands, 193336. His wife Muriel Morris Together you answered his

Curtis and the couple's three daughters will go to the Netherlands. questions,

Two sons, both returned missionaries, will not accompany their And for a moment you wondered parents on this assignment. why,

JUNE 1965 But you found pleasure,

As I did today, Guide service at Welfare Square in Salt Lake City began for In each child's name the season. And his age, his progress.

Elder Richard L. Evans of the Council of the Twelve was As you counted your brood

named presidentelect of Rotary International at that organiTogether with your wife.

zation's international convention at Atlantic City, New Jersey. Elder Your eyes met,

Evans will serve as presidentelect and director until June 1966, And you exchanged a smile.

when he is installed as international president at the club's conThe children gathered close, vention in Denver, Colorado. Curious about the stranger;'

I saw Bethia's long, golden curls,

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder Richard's plump, upturned face,

Fauntleroy Hunsaker, former president of East Los Angeles Joseph's manly stance;

Stake and the Southern States Mission, to the priesthood church And suddenly my thoughts were welfare committee. Strange to me,

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder Jasper For I missed you

R. Peterson as president of the Northern California Mission succeedAnd longed for our reunion.

ing President William Howard Allen. President Peterson is currently serving as second counselor in the Rigby (Idaho) Stake

presidency. He is a former bishop, bishop's counselor, stake mission

president, and member of a high council. His wife Audra Goody

Peterson and their four youngest children will accompany him to the mission assignment. They are the parents of six children and a

foster son. JUST DESSERTS

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder Jasper BY DONNA EVLETH

R. McClellan as president of the Mexican Mission succeeding President Ernest L. Hatch. President McClellan, who was born in Colonia Juarez, Chihuahua, Mexico, left his Salt Lake City home four My child cannot eat more meat.

years ago to serve as a supervisor for the church building departHe's stuffed. He's full. He is replete.

ment with headquarters in Mexico City. He is serving as a member He says that even one more pea

of the high council of Mexico City Stake. In Mexico with him are Would strain him to the point

his wife Rula L. Price McClellan and two of their four children. where he

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder Horace Would give up with this heavy

D. Ensign of Fresno, California, as president of the Australian Misload,

sion succeeding President Morgan S. Coombs. President Ensign has Collapse, or possibly explode.

served the Church as district Sunday School superintendent, branch This sad conditions just preserved president, bishop's counselor, high priests'( Continued on page 721 Until the time dessert is served.

668 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A "REATJWOMENTS mJAOIMONDOM

The Missouri Persecution by B. H. Roberts

Here is the poignant story of Mormon suffering in Missouri.

Mob outrages met by quiet heroism, noble sacrifice for the truth we proudly inherit today—these are feelingly

portrayed in B. H. Roberts'long outof-print classic now

reissued. Appendices reproducing Missouri county histories

enhance the books'documentary value.

$3.50 Wmm

to historicmormon america

by (t DON OSCAKON *rth StANy. KIMBALL P

The Travelers'Guide to Historic Mormon America by Don Oscarson with Stanley B. Kimball, Ph.D.

Going East? Going West? Then, this is a "must"book, as

it gives you helpful tips, illustrations and short cuts on

Bigger Than Yourself by Wendell J. Ashton travel to important and historic Church areas in states

No one will live long enough to make all the mistakes such as Utah, Wyoming, Nebraska, Iowa, Missouri, and himself... so we learn from the experiences of others. In Illinois. If you plan to attend the World's Fair, this book,

"Bigger Than Yourself,"the author portrays vivid lessons which is treated by geographic areas, will prove an inon character development as drawn from both outstanding valuable aid to extended and interesting trips to Ohio, and "ordinary"lives. A highly stimulating book. Pennsylvania, New York, and Vermont.

$3.00 $1.95

Bookcraft 8/65 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah 84101

I enclose check or ORDER FROM Pleasemoney ordersend forthe $book (books) as indicated for which

YOUR NEAREST The Missouri Persecution Bigger Than Yourself The Travelers'

BOOKCRAFT Guide to Historic DEALER Mormon America OR FROM: NAME

ADDRESS

CITY STATE ZIP

AUGUST 1965 669

uiy[fnns Neither Purse from the Nor Sword Cross LKoaas

Published for Piano, All Organs, or Voice (04516) Solos Duets Trios C Instruments (0451 6A) B{, Instruments (04516B) E[, Instruments (045 16C) Bass Instruments (045 16D) Chorus SATB TTBB SSA in one book (0451 6E) The piano, vocal, choral and instrumental parts may be performed in any combination.

Choral $1.25

Piano, Organ, Vocal $2.00

Parts, each $1.50

arranged by LEROY J. ROBERTSON

SOIOS DUETS TRIOS THESE TIMES for Durham By Dr. G. Homer

Instrumenti C BassE Jj InstrumentsInstruments B Instruments President, Arizona p State University, Tempe including "COME, COME, 29 others YE SAINTS"The Supreme Court of the a thousand years. It molds and in and

Order From United States shares in the governthe final analysis makes our law.

ance of the American political There are sometimes sharp breaks

stitution designed it that way. also was judgemade law in its Music Co system. The framers of the Conwith past decisions. Roman law

Idaho Falls, Idaho 83401 They vested "the judicial power"classic sense. Roman praetors, like

Box 2009 of the United States in the.Supreme British judges of the past thousand

Court by Article Three. They knew years, substituted their judgment

what they were doing. The framers, for past precedents when new

especially James Madison and facts came before them or when

BLACK & WHITE d James Wilson among them, were the spirit of justice and equity students and admirers of the Engseemed to require change.

lish common law. They knew that The Supreme Court has always I LIVI3 8 exposure roll the common law was "judgebeen under attack. The attacks

first chief justice, DEVELOPED & PRINTED made"law. They knew that the began under the

Attacks legislative to continue today. branch began Jay. conJohn SIZE IN JUMBO

attacks to the of the nature has tribute meaningfully growth The 12 exposures 50* 20 exposures $1.00

36 exposures $1.50 of the English law during the changed but little. Jay was accused

political statutes for his philosophy the did not become knew own COLOR FILM seventeenth century. But they of substituting his own opinions,

until their the Constitution. meaningful phrases laws was and He DEVELOPING were pounded and molded into accused of not being a worthy and

British lawyer. jurisprudence said to was competent by the courts. He

judicial this process a "politician"8-ExposureKODACOLORRoll per They knew would be who won

Dev. Printing and roll $2.55 the continue preferment. sysrobes under American by political

12Exposure per after that the provisions Ultimately They knew Jay resigned, Dev. Printing and Roll $3.00 ro || tem.

Color Reprints 20$ each of the Constitution, as well as the serving Washington on a special enactments of the various states diplomatic mission to England and of Congress, would be subwhile still occupying the chief 135 mm COLORColor Slides SLIDES per 20 exp., Dev. and Mount...$1.35 roll jected, finally, to the Supreme justiceship.

135 mm Color Slides per Court. He was succeeded by Oliver

exp., Dev. roll 36 and Mount... $2.40 Ellsof Connecticut. faith Ellsworth in the The founders'

Color Movie per the a "politician,"also worth not misplaced. was Court was 25'Roll 8 mm, roll Supreme $1.35

Their expectations have come to congressional author of the JudiGENEALOGY PHOTOS pass.sword,Possessingas Hamiltonneitherwrotepursein northe ciaryEllsworthAct of was1789.followed by John

NEGATIVES MADE of OLD Federalist, the Supreme Court has Marshall, another politician. MarPHOTOS, 60 each. PRINTS molded the American system. shall slid into the chief justiceship

of NEGATIVE, 54 each It continues to do today what it by appointment of John Adams.

Send coin only—no C.O.D.'s has always done and what English Other Federalist party leaders,

MoneyBack Guarantee common law judges have done for ( Continued on page 672

SAM'S PHOTO LAB P.O. Box 1 1 1 5 Dept. AA Salt Lake City, Utah

670 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA j''*****1 VfcVWb,.r jfj0'3 ":

—*"....

Higher education's high on JUNTERPACE Face Brick

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY, in this instance, chose INTERPACE Face Brick for "Deseret Towers,"six modern new residence halls. Which is hardly surprising.

Face Brick traditionally is first choice of fine schools. Interior walls are smooth;

exterior walls, matt finish. The color, Old Gold. For floors, walls, kitchens, restrooms and showers,

Franciscan Tile was used, for its assured quality, beauty and easy maintenance.

INTERPACE Face Brick gives you summer coolness, winter warmth, varied textural interest, substantial appearance, construction strength and lowcost maintenance.

It is easy on school budgets, at first and through the years. Architects for

Brigham Young University were Young and Fowler Associates; General Contractors,

Christiansen Bros, and Finn B. Paulsen Co.; Masonry Contractor, Leavitt and Pulsipher Inc.;

Tile Contractor, Spiker Tile Co.; all of Salt Lake City. When building or

remodeling, specify Face Brick by INTERPACE. You'll be high on the result.

FACEAINTERNATIONALGladding, McBeanPIPEbuilding& CERAMICSBRICKproduct CORPORATIONby jjjjITERPACE

LOS ANOELFS / SAN FRANCISCO / SAN DIESO / SACRAMENTO / SANTA CLARA / PORTLAND / SEATTLE / SPOKANE / SALT LAKE CITY / DENVER / PHOENIX / HONOLULU (AMERICAN PACTCRs)

AUGUST 1968 671 These Times zens was sustained. Then about They live and work in the great

(Continued from page 670) 1922 the Court began to reapply civic forums of our times. The

the "due process"and "equal proexecutive, however, has the sword.

known as "the midnight judges,"tection"clauses of the Fourteenth Congress has the purse. The

received federal judgeships about Amendment to problems of indiSupreme Court has neither purse the same time. The "midnight viduals. By 1939 some decisions nor sword. It is armed only with

judges"were appointed by lame emerged anticipating the 1964 civil words, the inherited methodology of duck President Adams after his rights and 1965 voting rights bills. the law, the judicial process, the

defeat and that of his party. Meanwhile, in 1954, the school ceaseless search for justice by

Thomas Jefferson and Aaron Burr segregation cases precipitated anrational men through rational won the election of 1800. Marshall other of the perennial attacks on means.

had been serving as Adams'Secrethe historic tribunal. Presidents, Congresses, pressure

tary of State. His first great case, Those and other attacks persist groups, powerful individuals have

Marbury v. Madison (1803), grew today. They come from laymen all sought to bend the Court to

out of Adams'"midnight judges"and lawyers alike. But the Supreme their own special and private purappointments. It established one of Court is made of tough stuff. Its poses. When it does not do so, it

the great precedents in American ingredients and methods run back has been called names. Jackson

jurisprudence. nearly three thousand years, called it "undemocratic and unThomas Jefferson bitterly atthrough beleaguered Earl Warren, American"—probably the worst he

tacked the Supreme Court. He John Marshall, and John Jay, to the could think of in his day. Theodore

viewed Chief Justice Marshall and itinerant justices sent forth by Roosevelt longed for a vacancy to his court as a subversive group of Henry II, back to the Praetor occur when he was President. He

"sappers and miners,"undermining Urbanus and the Praetor Perigrinus wanted to appoint a justice who the true American system. Later of ancient Rome. would do things more to his liking.

Andrew Jackson became so irate The Supreme Court deals in The vacancy occurred. He apwith some of Marshall's decisions cases. It sits. It waits. Until some pointed Oliver Wendell Holmes.

that he refused, as Chief ExecuIn the first great issue affecting tive, to execute them. Jackson is T.R.'s views, Holmes voted his own

reputed to have said: "Marshall independent mind, following the

has made his decision; let him enAFTER RAIN careful and slow workings of the

force it."Meanwhile, some men BY LARRY DEAN R1GBY judicial process. Franklin D. Roosewere hanged, not released as had velt, in his day, was unhappy with

been ordered by the court. "the Nine Old Men."Others

The decisions of Marshall's court Tensely stretched in my yard thought they were nine great it goes. were also nullified in some inIs the rusty clothesline on guard, patriots. And so stances by opposition of some The Court presided over by

states, including his native VirFor birds land on him and maim Chief Justice Earl Warren will ginia. John Jay's first important probably go down in history as one

decision, Chisholm v. Georgia, was The clinging beads of sparkling rain which was particularly careful in

reversed by a constitutional amendBy fluttering their wet wings. looking out for the constitutional

ment, the eleventh. Jay was hung rights of individuals, including inin effigy in many localities. And when they fly away he vibrates dividuals accused of crime, underThe Supreme Court helped proand sings privileged individuals, and even

voke the Civil War by denying the individuals suspected of disloyalty.

"free soil"doctrine of the Missouri His lament to the bending limbs of To follow such a path in the age

Compromise of 1820. That hapof power, of big government, of

pened in the Dred Scott Case of the corner hedge, cold war, of big authority in nearly 1857. Abraham Lincoln attacked Which is strewing in the next yard's every social group has not always

the decision and the court in the been a popular course with some

LincolnDouglas debates of 1858. edge sections of the country and with

The thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifPetals and water drops. some groups. Nevertheless, the

teenth amendments were placed in Constitution and the laws are the Constitution as a consequence colorblind. The judges look to the

of that decision and war. Between facts in controversy, to the evi1870 and 1890, the Supreme Court dence, to the requirements of a

virtually nullified those amendperson or party in controversy millennium's evolution of "due ments, applied their legal princibrings a case to it,for consideraprocess,"and not alone to accusaples to rising business corporations tion and decision, it does nothing. tions, charges, fears, and suspicions.

and railroads, instead of to the The judicial process is part of the The politicians who mount the newly won rights of the freedmen. political process in America. The supreme bench inherit a rational tra-

A civil rights act enacted in 1876 framers of the Constitution dedition. They move with deliberate

under those amendments was designed it that way, together with gait, dedicated by past experience, clared unconstitutional. Later, the the executive and legislative in the human effort to maintain

famous "Mississippi plan"for efbranches. The three great organs "the equal protection of the laws"

fectively disfranchising colored citishare the powers of governance. in these times.

672 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The piano really gets a workout when the Thomas G. Myers family

enjoys Home Family Evening!

With themselves, and seven out of their nine children pianos must serve double the ordinary usage, the Yamaha taking turns playing, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas G. Myers is ideal!'

know the value of a quality piano. Not only on Home Beauty. Craftsmanship. Maintenance of brilliant tone

Family Evening, but anytime, their piano is apt to be and tune under the most taxing conditions. And the exgoing almost continuously. So it has to be exceptional to clusive Yamaha Service Bond. These are the reasons that

produce beautiful music consistently. arid more families, more Bishops and Music Ward That's prefer why they Directors are a Yamaha piano. Yamaha is turning 65 to Yamahafor years one of the

not only durable mechanically and structurally; the tone world's finest pianos.

remains clear, pure and in tune for exceptionally long periods, requiring a minimum of service.

"For our large family, we need a high quality piano for all our hours of use and abused says Mr. Myers. "The

Yamaha tones are really rich, too; even the mistakes

sound better!"

a of As member a Stake in Presidency Southern CaliINTERNATIONALYAMAHA CORPORATION Since 1887fornia, Mr. also Myers the knows value of outside Yamaha 7733 Telegraph Road, Montebello, California 6855135the home. our "For Eastern and Stake Buildings, Ward Branch: 150 Fifth Avenue, where New York, New York YU 9-5554

AUGUST 1965 673

Letters and Reports

HAVE YOU seen through the glamorous haze thrown up by the Becky Aneta Aleta Dawna alcohol advertisers? HAVE YOU learned enough of the truth about

liquor to want to have no part of it? IT COMES

"IF YOU DON'T DRINK,"says the Preferred Risk Mutual WITH THEIR NAME

Insurance Co., "WHY HELP PAY FOR THE ACCIDENTS OF Earning the Gold Medallion award for

in YWMIA THOSE WHO DO?"Preferred Risk, America's first automobile workseven is individualjust part of awardsbeing in the Thamor

insurance company, for nondrinkers only, now makes it possible for Marion family of Ashland "(Oregon)

Stake. Three daughters you to stop paying for the drinker's accidents—and to save money Ward,and a daughterin-lawMedford all have received

at the same time. the award. They are: Becky Marion

If you are a nondrinker,* we invite you to investigate, and inGleaner;Cluff, whotwinsat 21Anetahas earnedMarionherClawsonGolden

sure with Peferred Risk. Save money—and put your automobile and Aleta Marion; and daughterin-law

Marion, also a Golden girls insurance where your heart is—with the thousands of others who Gleaner.Dawna KingAll four are living in

say, "No Thanks—we don't drink."For full details, including an Provo, Utah.

explanation of Preferred Risk's plan for claimfree drivers, return this coupon now. WARD PROVIDES STUDENT LEADERS

'IMPORTANT—Nondrinker means TOTAL abstainer. The occasional social drinker is not eligible.

There are only fifty junior high and

Park South Ward, Salt Lake Stakeand ACT NOWUSE THIS COUPON sixhigh school students in North Central of them held student offices in body

Please send me complete information about your auto insurance for total abstainers. I undertheir schools during the past school year.

stand there is no obligation. IE 8 65 They are: Central Junior High School

Name My auto insurance student body president C. Rick Hansen;

expires: student secretary body Linda Anderson;

Address. Month class sophomore president David K. Isom;

City.State. Dayschool judge Jeanne West; Granite High

School editor newspaper Lori Dobson;

Pat OccupationYear- and Garside, South High School

Age J\ge of principal driver of auto.Age of youngest driverDeseret News correspondent.

Make of Car -Year. -No. CylindersBody type & Model (Series)

Use of Car- Q Pleasure Q Business Q To and from work-.miles one way.

Marital Status of Principal DriverMarried with.children

Single, living at home O Single fOdnk"Send me free copy of Christian Herald article.

PREFERRED RISK MUTUAL C. Rick Hansen Linda Anderson David K. Isom

HI ACCIDENTS THOSE INSURANCE COMPANY

150 South 4th East,

Salt Lake City, Utah Phone 3641804

America's First Total Abstainer's Automobile Insurance Co. William Plymat, President

AGENCY INQUIRIES INVITED Jeanne West Lori Dobson Pat Garside

674 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Hottest Brand Going...

anywhere!

When it comes to good things for your car, you just can't buy better petroleum products than Conoco... Hottest Brand Going anywhere.

YOU CAN COUNT ON CONOCO... HOTTEST BRAND GOING

1964, Continental Oil Company

AUGUST I96S 675 THE Next to that is the realm of teaching, and the third,

EDITOR'S the realm of compassionate service. PAGE

It is not necessary to convince us of the potency of

BY home influence in shaping character. There are certain

PRESIDENT trusts to which it is only necessary to call attention,

DAVID O. MCKAY and minds instinctively assent to them. All else may

be forgotten, but the experiences of childhood will remain undimmed on the walls of memory.

The highest ideal for our young girls today, as for our mothers and grandmothers and greatgrandmothers who crossed the plains, is love as it may be expressed in marriage and home building, and this virtue in which love finds true expression is based upon the

We are living in a changing world. We are in the spiritual and not the physical side of our being.

midst of it, so near us that many of us fail to realize One of the greatest needs in the world today is inor discern while changes are being brought about. telligent, conscientious motherhood. It is to the home

I noticed this as I traveled to dedicate a chapel at that we must look for the inculcation of the fundamy mother's birthplace in Wales in August 1963. I mental virtues which contribute to human welfare and

noticed the difference in transportation. Sixtysix happiness.

years earlier, I crossed on a steamboat to Great Britain. Womanhood should be intelligent and pure, beIt took, as I remember, about seven and onehalf days cause it is the living life fountain from which flows

from Philadelphia. Two years ago this month we the stream of humanity. She who would pollute that

traveled this same distance in six and onehalf hours stream by smoking tobacco, using poisonous drugs, from New York. Think of the progress and the changes or by germs that would shackle the unborn is untrue

during those sixtysix years! to her sex and an enemy to the strength and perpetuity

One of the changes in that two thirds of a century of the race.

has been the status of our women. I do not know that The laws of life and the revealed word of God

there is any objection to women entering the fields combine in placing upon motherhood and fatherhood of literature, science, art, social economy, study and the responsibility of giving to children not only a progress, and all kinds of learning, or participating pure, unshackled birth, but also a training in faith in any and all things which contribute to the fulness and righteousness. They ought to be taught "... to

of her womanhood and increase her upbuilding inunderstand the doctrine of repentance, faith in Christ fluence in the world; but I do know that there are the Son of the living God, and of baptism and the

three areas or realms in which women's influence gift of the Holy Ghost by the laying on of the hands, should always be felt. No matter what changes take when eight years old,..."To those who neglect this

place, these three realms should be dominated always in precept and example, the Doctrine and Covenants by the beauty, the virtue, and the intelligence of says, "... the sin be upon the heads of the parents...."

womankind. The first is the realm of home building. (D&C 68:25.)

676 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Next to motherhood and teaching, woman attains her highest glory in the realm of compassionate service. One of the most impressive instances in the

Bible is the history told by Luke:

"And it came to pass in those days, that she was sick, and died: whom when they had washed, they

laid her in an upper chamber.

"And forasmuch as Lydda was nigh to Joppa, and the disciples had heard that Peter was there, they sent unto him two men, desiring him that he would not delay to come to them."(One of the interesting experiences of tourists today is to visit that old town.)

"Then Peter arose and went with them. When he

was come they brought him into the upper chamber:

and all the widows stood by him weeping, and shewThere seems to be sweeping over the nations of the ing the coats and garments which Dorcas made, earth at the present time a wave of disbelief in God, while she was with them.

in disregard for agreements, of dishonesty in personal "But Peter put them all forth, and kneeling down, as well as in civil and international affairs. There is and prayed; and turning him to the body said, Tabitha,

a reversion to the rule and law of the jungle in which arise. And she opened her eyes: and when she saw

might makes right. Peter, she sat up.

But mother is not the only one who exerts an in- "And he gave her his hand, and lifted her up, and fluence as teacher. Often it is a maiden aunt who when he had called the saints and widows, presented

many times exerts a greater influence than the mother; her alive."(Acts 9:3741.)

yet her labors, "gleaming, hopes, and obscure sacriWhat a story is told in those few words! This scene

fices, her solitary broodings and vicarious ambitions, implies the kind, helpful service rendered by the have seldom received attention from the historian or women in the ancient Church.

the biographer. As a molder and shaper of the unThe desire to render service to the wounded, sick,

promising material of nephews and nieces, she has and dying gave to the world one of the most potent been allowed to live, toil, and die unpraised."organizations among nations today. I refer to the

Thus writes Phillips Russell as he comments upon International Red Cross Association. Its beneficent

the influence of Mary Moody Emerson upon Ralph tree, which now sheds its fruit on all lands, sprang

Waldo Emerson. from the seed of love and compassion in the heart of

Read Emerson's life and see how his aunt's influence Florence Nightingale.

shaped his course and made of a sickly boy one who is Let me emphasize that woman's realm is not man's recognized as one of the greatest thinkers in America. realm, though equally important and extensive, though

And now I should like to write a word about the women excel in many vocations which years gone by young girls as teachers. If we can help our girls to were considered man's activity alone. The greatest

know that they are living in a realm where they have harmony and happiness in life will be found when power to shape the destiny of teenagers, it would be womankind is helped and honored in the spheres in a wonderful thing in society. I do not know whether which God and nature destined her most effectively

we can, but I shall give a hint. One of the greatest to serve and bless mankind. I have named three realms

safeguards for a teenage girl is a consciousness that for women. There are many more, but the more that

by her words and acts she contributes to the bettermen honor her in those realms, the happier will be ment or degradation of society—that in protecting or men and women and children throughout the world.

defending herself from the questionable advances of There is nothing in life so admirable as true man- a scheming young man, she honors herself and womanhood; there is nothing so sacred as true womanhood.

kind by resistance rather than by indulgence. She can A beautiful, modest, gracious woman is creation's

do this by answering his flattering words of premasterpiece. When to these virtues a woman possesses

tended love by saying in her own words, "No man will as guiding stars in her life righteousness and Godliness injure one he loves."Thus, in her early career, she and an irresistible impulse and desire to make others

becomes not an enticer but a teacher, her natural and happy, no one will question that she be classed among noble calling. those who are the truly great.

AUGUST 1965 677 answer: At this present time most of those who are

receiving the gospel are of the tribe of Ephraim. The Blessings Lamanites, as we learn from the Book of Mormon,

are descendants of both Ephraim and Manasseh. The

of the recordto Jerusalemobtaineddeclaredby Lehithatwhenhe hewassenta descendanthis sons backof

Manasseh. We have been informed by revelation

given to the Prophet Joseph Smith that the daughters of Ishmael who married the sons of Lehi were deDescendants scendants of Ephraim. Therefore the prophecy of

Jacob upon the head of Joseph was fulfilled. The

blessing is as follows: of Ephraim "Joseph is a fruitful bough, even a fruitful bough

by a well; whose branches run over the wall:

"The archers have sorely grieved him, and shot at him, and hated him:

"But his bow abode in strength, and the arms of his hands were made strong by the hands of the mighty God of Jacob; (from thence is the shepherd, YOUR

the stone of Israel:)

"Even by the God of thy father, who shall help thee; QUESand by the Almighty, who shall bless thee with blessings of heaven above, blessings of the deep that lieth

under, blessings of the breasts, and of the womb: TION "The blessings of thy father have prevailed above

the blessings of my progenitors unto the utmost bound of the everlasting hills: they shall be on the

the the head on crown of and of Joseph, of him his brethren."49:2226.) separate (Gen. from ANSWERED BY headthat was

When the Lord sent forth his disciples to proclaim JOSEPH the message of the gospel in all the world, he informed them that there would come a time of apostasy FIELDING when the love of many would wax cold. After saying

this he declared: SMITH "And again, this Gospel of the Kingdom shall be PRESIDENT OF preached in all the world, for a witness unto all nathe destruction THE COUNCIL tions, and then shall the end come, or

OF THE TWELVE of the wicked"; (Joseph Smith 1:31.)

This prophetic utterance was an indication that the gospel would have to be restored and that it would be question: "In discussing the blesstaught in all the world. Following these days of

.. the sun shall be darkened, and the ings of the twelve tribes of Israel, restoration, ".

especially verses thirtythree and moon shall not give her light, and the stars shall fall thirtyfour in section eightyfour in from heaven, and the powers of heaven shall be the Doctrine and Covenants, we are shaken."{Ibid., 1:33.)

informed that we are of the lineage During this period of restoration, the burden of of Ephraim. Is this by blood or by the preaching of the gospel would rest on the deadoption? Are the lost tribes really scendants of Ephraim, in other words, the Latterday

lost or are they in the world where Saints. Today this prophetic statement is being fulwe do not recognize them?"filled. In the Doctrine and Covenants, section 133, the

678 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Lord has given us the definite information: was one concerning the migrations of the inhabitants

"Watch, therefore, for ye know neither the day nor of the earth and their dividing the territory of the earth the hour. between them, but this is not the case. While this is

"Let them, therefore, who are among the Gentiles but a very brief statement, yet it speaks of a most imflee unto Zion. portant event. The dividing of the earth was not an

"And let them who be of Judah flee unto Jerusalem, act of division by the inhabitants of the earth by tribes unto the mountains of the Lord's house. and peoples, but a breaking asunder of the continents,

"Go ye out from among the nations, even from thus dividing the land surface and creating the Eastern

Babylon, from the midst of wickedness, which is Hemisphere and Western Hemisphere. By looking at

spiritual Babylon. a wall map of the world, you will discover how the

"But verily, thus saith the Lord, let not your flight land surface among the northern and southern coast be in haste, but let all things be prepared before you; of the American Hemisphere and Europe and Africa

and he that goeth, let him not look back lest sudden has the appearance of having been together at one destruction shall come upon him."(Vs. 1116.) time. Of course, there have been many changes on

From this and other revelations in the Bible, Book the earth's surface since the beginning. We are inof Mormon, and Doctrine and Covenants, we are informed by revelation that the time will come when

formed that the Jews are to gather at Jerusalem. On this condition will be changed and that the land surthis, the American continent, the converted Israelites face of the earth will come back again as it was in the

and gentiles are to gather with the Latterday Saints, beginning and all be in one place. This is definitely

and the revelation states that those who come from stated in the Doctrine and Covenants in section 133:

among the gentiles are to "flee"unto Zion. However, 1820 in the following words:

they are not to go out "in haste,"that is to say, the "When the Lamb shall stand upon Mount Zion, and

Latterday Saints are preparing the way. They are with him a hundred and fortyfour thousand, having

building the temples and the highways and performhis Father's name written on their foreheads.

ing the labors which are necessary for the tribes of "Wherefore, prepare ye for the coming of the BrideIsrael when their prophets shall speak to them and groom; go ye, go ye out to meet him.

they shall receive their call to come to Zion. We know "For behold, he shall stand upon the mount of

very little about the "lost tribes,"who they are or Olivet, and upon the mighty ocean, even the great whence they will come. For our present needs, it is deep, and upon the islands of the sea, and upon the

sufficient to rely on the word of the Lord concerning land of Zion."

these tribes and of their coming, and the Lord has Just when this great change shall come we do not revealed the following: know. If, however, the earth is to be restored as it

"And he shall utter his voice out of Zion, and he was in the beginning, then all the land surface will shall speak from Jerusalem, and his voice shall be again be in one place as it was before the days of heard among all people; Peleg, when this great division was accomplished.

"And it shall be a voice as the voice of many waters, Europe, Africa, and the islands of the sea including and as the voice of a great thunder, which shall break Australia, New Zealand, and other places in the down the mountains, and the valleys shall not be Pacific must be brought back and joined together as found. they were in the beginning.

"He shall command the great deep, and it shall be Before this great work will be accomplished, the driven back into the north countries, and the islands prophecy in relation to the tribes of Israel as recorded shall become one land; in the Doctrine and Covenants must be fulfilled.

"And the land of Jerusalem and the land of Zion Through the preaching of the gospel in all parts of shall be turned back into their own place, and the the world, the preparatory work is being accomplished.

earth shall be like as it was in the days before it The "lost tribes"will be discovered and, as the was divided."(Ibid., 133:2124.) revelation states, the lost sheep among the gentiles

We read in Genesis that in the beginning all of the will flee to Zion and the Jews to Jerusalem as the land surface was in one place as it was in the days of Lord has decreed. The Redeemer will come to take

Peleg (Gen. 10:25), that the earth was divided. Some his place as King of kings, and the great day of the

Bible commentators have concluded that this division millennial reign will be ushered in.

AUGUST 1965 679 BY DOROTHY OAKLEY REA

"As experienced mothers, we should do all in our power to help the younger mothers realize that the home is a dedicated place and that being a successful mother in the home is the most responsible job in the world.

This is part of the message of Mrs. Lorena Chipman Fletcher, Provo,

Utah, who on May 3 was named American Mother of the Year during ceremonies at the WaldorfAstoria Hotel in New York City.

This is the second time this distinguished honor has come to a Latterday Saint mother from Utah. Ten years ago, Mrs. Lavina Fugal, Pleasant

Grove, reigned as American Mother.

Mrs. Fletcher's No. 1 fan is her husband, Dr. Harvey Fletcher, illustrious

physicist and scientist, who cheerfully describes himself as "private secretary to the Mother of the Year."

When he was called upon to say a word during an honor program for

68O Mrs. Fletcher at Brigham Young University, he refather as manager of the company for twentyfive

plied, "I'd rather say three words: I love you."Then years. Stephen L. Chipman was the first president of

he pinned an orchid on her shoulder. Alpine Stake and served for many years. At the time

Also in the cheering section are six eminent children: of his death he was president of the Salt Lake Temple.

Mrs. William Kenneth (Phyllis) Firmage, New Lorena had a happy childhood with her brother,

York; Stephen H., New Jersey; James C, Salt Lake Stephen Howell, and her sisters, Mrs. Carl (Fern)

City; Robert, Albuquerque, New Mexico; Harvey J., Eyring, Mrs. A. Ray (Elva) Olpin, Mrs. Virginia

Provo, Utah; Paul, Pasadena, California. Murdock, and Mrs. Leah Van Wagenen (the latter

When Mrs. Dorothy Lewis, president of the Ameritwo deceased).

can Mothers Committee, announced selection of Mrs. Mrs. Eyring recalls, "Lorena always had unwaverFletcher as American Mother of the Year, the Utah ing faith. She was first to suggest that we pray when

mother said, "I wish all my children were here. They problems arose."

made this honor possible."From her mother, Lorena inherited a delightful

Her wish came true. Within a few days a fullscale sense of humor capable of turning trying family

Fletcher family reunion was in progress while Mrs. situations into scenes of smiles and laughter.

Fletcher received plaudits from leaders of church, "Mother never allowed the children to take themgovernment, and education. selves too seriously,"Mrs. Eyring said.

Sharing the family events were President Hugh B. The Chipman girls remember the old family home

Brown, First Counselor in the First Presidency of in American Fork. It had a steeple on the top that

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, and made it appear like a castle from history.

Mrs. Brown; Elder Marion G. Romney of the Council "It needs modernizing,"Mrs. Stephen L. Chipman

of the Twelve; Elder S. Dilworth Young of the First told her husband.

Council of the Seventy; General President Belle S. Meeting mild opposition from him, she asked, "If

Spafford of the Relief Society and her counselor, the women of the Relief Society decide the steeple

Marianne C. Sharp; President Ernest L. Wilkinson, should come down, what will you say?"

Brigham Young University. The stake president was overruled by the women

"It looked like Utah Day in New York,"was the who stood firmly with Mrs. Chipman, and the steeple

comment of the press. toppled.

Asked for advice that might help young women When Mrs. Fletcher was nominated as Utah Mother

planning to become wives, mothers, and homemakers, of the Year by the Brigham Young University Women,

Mrs. Fletcher outlines as ideals in the homemaking each of the children hastened to write a tribute.

process: "I was very much surprised to learn which memories

"Select a good husband to be the father of your they had carried with them from childhood,"she said.

children. You may think that the man does the selectPhyllis Firmage, who probably would have gone on

ing, but every woman knows there are ways and means to higher educational degrees, settled for a master's of guiding this selection that are much more subtle degree in mathematics and a degree in excellence as than making a formal marriage proposal. wife, mother, and homemaker.

"It is well known that heredity is a great factor in She said, "Mother has always been young in spirit, determining the lives of children. A young woman age making no difference as to whom she chooses for

seeking marriage can do nothing about her own friends."

heredity, except be thankful if she has good parents Stephen H. said, "She always thought we were

and grandparents. But she can do something for her better than we were, and I suppose this made us try

expected children by selecting a husband who has just a little harder to be what she thought we were."

goodly parents and grandparents."He is vicepresident of Western Electric Corporation

Lorena and Harvey Fletcher both came from in New York.

"goodly parents and grandparents."Dr. James C. Fletcher is president of the University

Lorena was born in American Fork, Utah, a daughof Utah. Earlier he was chairman of the board of the

ter of Stephen L. and Sina Nielsen Chipman. Her SpaceGeneral Corporation of El Monte, California,

grandfather, James Chipman, came to Utah with the and vicepresident, systems of the Aerojet General

Mormon pioneers of 1847, only three months after Corporation, Azusa, Calif.

the arrival of Brigham Young. "Mother's most noteworthy individual distinction is

James became first treasurer of the State of Utah. her sympathy and concern for those in need of aid.

He established the Chipman Mercantile Company in This concern is expressed in simple, practical needs,"

American Fork. Lorena's father followed her grandhe said.

AUGUST 1965 681 682 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Robert, father of seven children and vicepresident smoke and cinders of the coalburning locomotives.

of Sandia Corporation, Albuquerque, New Mexico, The young science student, wife beside him, rewrote: ceived his Ph.D. from the University of Chicago. Since

"No matter what discipline she had to impose, and then, he has received many honorary degrees, medals, many there were with these highly competitive boys, and citations. He is recognized as the originator of

and many were the times I felt there were rank instereophonic sound. He is dean emeritus of the Coljustices being served, nevertheless through it all, I lege of Physical and Engineering Sciences at BYU. He

always had the feeling that she had the highest regard was employed with Bell Telephone Laboratories from for us and always expected the most from us."1916 until 1949.

Harvey J., professor of mathematics at BYU, is also Besides her contributions to her home, husband,

active with the United States Apollo Project aimed at and family, Mrs. Fletcher has made vast contributions

rocketing three men to the moon. to communities, schools, and her Church wherever she

Of his mother he wrote, "She has instilled in all of has lived. She believes that "giving is the ideal way of

us an appreciation for beauty, a desire to be of service, receiving."

a loyalty to our Church, country, and friends. Our Mrs. Herbert Hoover once said to her, "A mother

parents taught us to pray and to have faith in God. should go out of the home for education and service.

All these have helped mold our lives today."Then she should use this experience to enrich her

Paul, technical manager of the Quantum Physics home."

Division of Electrical Optical System, Pasadena, Summing up her comments to young mothers, Mrs.

At left above: Lorena Chipman grew up in a stalwart

Mormon family. Top, from left, Lorena C. Fletcher,

Stephen H. Chipman, Virginia Chipman Murdoch, Fern

Chipman Eyring. Below, Stephen L. Chipman, father of the

family, Leah Chipman Van Wagenen, Elva Chipman Olpin, and mother, Sina Nielsen Chipman.

At left below: It was a gala family reunion in New York City

on Mother's Day when Mrs. Fletcher gained her crown.

Below are Dr. and Mrs. Harvey Fletcher and daughter,

Mrs. Phyllis Firmage. The famed Fletcher brothers,

top, from left, are Robert, Harvey J., James,

Stephen, and Paul.

At right: Lovely Lorena Chipman is shown here

as the bride of student Harvey Fletcher.

California, said, "Mother insisted that we learn the Fletcher said, "Love is probably the greatest single elements of housekeeping, which knowledge served factor that influences children in the home. The

us well during our bachelor days and made us useful parents must not only tell each child that he or she as husbands and fathers. She insisted that her children loves the child, but must show it continually by acts

be competent in music, art, and all the finer things of love.

in life.""Ingredients of love are kindness, patience, generLorena Fletcher had high regard for education osity, humility, courtesy, unselfishness, good temper,

as a child. She excelled among her classmates and sincerity, and honesty.

was chosen as an eightgrade 'graduate to speak be- "The children should be taught loyalty. From

fore the board of education. earliest childhood they must understand there are

She went on to high school and college, preparing to certain things the family does and certain things it be a teacher. At graduation time, instead of following does not do. Going contrary to these family traditions

her profession as teacher, she accepted a proposal of is a serious act of disloyalty.

marriage from handsome and promising young Harvey "Each child must be helped to feel that he belongs

Fletcher. to the family and plays an important role in it..

They boarded a train for Chicago with fifty other "Pray together and play together as a family....

students who "shared the honeymoon."Arriving, they Participate in the children's games, picnics, and outlaughed as they saw their faces smudged with the ings from early childhood through the teenage period."

AUGUST 1965 683 THE SALT LAKE TEMPLE STORY

ALBERT L. ZOBELL, JR. AND

EDWARD O. ANDERSON

"There is no labor in which the Latterday Saints the April general conference, 1893.

feel more deeply interested than the building and As it was more than seventy years ago, so it is completing of temples."today:

So wrote the First Presidency, President Wilford "There is no labor in which the Latterday Saints

Woodruff and his Counselors, George Q. Cannon and feel more deeply interested than in the building and

Joseph F. Smith, soon after the general conference completing of temples."

of April 1892. They, the First Presidency, were asking The Salt Lake Temple was dedicated April 6, 1893

"the Latterday Saints throughout the world"to "set by President Wilford Woodruff. Truman O. Angell

aside Sunday, the first day of May 1892 as a day of was the architect. Cyrus Dallin designed the figure

special fasting, prayer, and thanksgiving, and that this of the Angel Moroni that was placed on the capstone fastday fund be given toward the completion of the of the east center tower.

Salt Lake Temple, which dedication was planned for Truman O. Angell was sent to Europe by the First

684 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Presidency of the Church in the days of President tions to the temple that were to be in harmony with the

Brigham Young to study design and construction of architectural style of the temple. Later, Edward O.

important buildings and obtain information on the Anderson, architect, was commissioned to complete the invertedarch type of construction for stone foundadrawings.

tions, which type of work was then performed on the Original temple granite from the quarries in Little

River Thames and was also used in the design of the Cottonwood Canyon was obtained and worked by the

Salt Lake Temple footings. Wilford H. Hansen Stone Quarries of Sandy. Four

The need for added facilities and improvements at brothers working together made this phase of the the Salt Lake Temple was envisioned and recomwork a family affair, even as working on the temple mended by Elder EIRay L. Christiansen, Assistant to in pioneer times often proved to be the joy of many

the Council of the Twelve, who from 1954 to 1962 brothers.

had a dual assignment as president of the temple. Several months ago we stood at the pulpit of the

He and his counselors collaborated with the architects then partially completed temple chapel. Already it

over a period of four years before the final plans were had taken on the grandeur of a cathedrallike atmosapproved by the First Presidency, President David O. phere. The building was bare, except for the walnut

McKay and his Counselors, Presidents J. Reuben paneling on the walls. We were directed to speak in

Clark, Jr., and Henry D. Moyle. The temple alteraconversational tones, and we were answered from the

tions were completed during the presidency of back of the hall. Every word was understood in that

Temple Presidents Willard R. Smith (196264) and echoless building. It was indeed a neverto-beHoward S. McDonald the present president of the forgotten experience as a tour began of the new parts

temple. of the Salt Lake Temple.

The Salt Lake Temple alterations and additions When the chapel is finished and furnishings are extending from the year 1958 to the present time installed, there will be a microphone at the pulpit, ( 1965 ) have been extensive. The work was divided and its attendant speakers will be placed throughout

into two parts: first, alterations and additions to the the chapel.

temple itself; and second, the addition of a temple The temple annex chapel has two murals painted

sealingroom annex and a chapel and office annex. by Harris T. Weberg of Salt Lake City. The one on

Because of increased patronage, all facilities of the the rear (or south) wall portrays the city of Jerusalem temple and the annex were overtaxed. This was at the mortal lifetime of the Savior. The "Ascension

especially true in the lack of sufficient lockers, of the Resurrected Christ,"the mural on the north initiatory ordinance rooms, and sealing rooms. wall of the chapel, directly behind the rostrum, is

In 1958 Harold W. Burton, church building comthe more soulinspiring. The artist purposely tried to

mittee supervising architect, and Arthur Price, archiavoid the old traditional concepts in executing the tect, started studies of the many problems connected painting. And as one looks at this rendition, there

with the proposed changes. These studies culminated is a feeling of power and vigor intermixed with

in a set of preliminary drawings indicating plan wonderment and awe.

arrangements and the architectural design of the addiThe huge canvases, sixteen by thirtyfour feet for

The new addition to the Salt Lake Temple is on the north side of that holy edifice.

No effort has been spared to make the workmanship comparable to original pioneer temple craftsmanship.

As one sees a temple column the eyes follow the granite shaft to the heavens, and one quietly contemplates the reason why the temples were given to this people at this time.

AUGUST 1965 685 each mural, were painted in sections in the artist's ture of the rooms constant but also compensates and studio where he worked on them for over two years. corrects accordingly as a room fills with persons. An

The sections of the murals were glued into position empty room maintained at seventy degrees would be in the chapel with an adhesive prepared from varnish uncomfortable if that same temperature were mainand white lead, and the artist, working on scaffolding, tained after the room was filled with people.

blended the sections together. The air is washed and freed of pollen and other

Elder Weberg also painted some of the murals for impurities before it is circulated in the temple.

the Idaho Falls and the Los Angeles temples. His Ingenuity in the latter part of the twentieth century

father F. E. Weberg painted some of the murals for has devised methods whereby water from the new

the Salt Lake and Arizona temples. artesian wells on Temple Square can be used to cool

New office space and recordkeeping areas are to the building on many days without the additional be found in the temple annex as well as kitchen and help of the airconditioning units that stand ever dining facilities. The nation and the world have been ready to function.

traversed to obtain none but the finest building A well drilled in the northeast corner of Temple material for the annex, as for the new enlargements Square is sixteen inches in diameter and 383 feet in the temple. deep. The one near the northwest corner of Temple

In the basement is the building engineer's room Square is twentyfour inches in diameter and 609 feet where panel after panel control the precisiondeep. This is believed to be the largest well in the

engineered monsters of equipment designed to stay Salt Lake area. In addition to the two wells on

in the background unnoticed, but whose task is to Temple Square, there are two wells drilled near the make the temple and its facilities more enjoyable for Relief Society Building across the street to the east.

those who come there. One of these is twenty inches in diameter and 390 feet

Upon occasion warning lights may flash on one of deep; the other is also twenty inches in diameter but

the panels indicating that some of the automatic in excess of 700 feet deep.

equipment is not functioning as intended. The The water from the two deepest wells, which has

engineer can use telephone facilities to listen for a constant temperature of 57 degrees F., will be

unusual and telltale noises as he first attempts to pumped through the cooling systems and returned spot the trouble. Other machines connected to an underground through the shallower wells. The system

automatic typewriter periodically record their work. is reversible with water taken from the shallower wells

Overhead and in fact everywhere in this underand returned to the deep wells.

ground area which the temple attender rarely sees It is intended to cool the Church Administration are massive pipes painted in different colors and hues. Building, the temple and its annex, the Bureau of

At first glance one thinks that the services of an Information, and the contemplated new church office interior decorator were used. That effect is there, but building by this method.

the pipes and conduits are colorcoded so that mainThere are new locker and dressing rooms, shower tenance crews can trace the function of each one. facilities, and new initiatory ordinance areas.

Automatic equipment not only keeps the temperaMarriage in the temple is a sacred, spiritual ex686 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA perience, whether, as is preferred, it comes at the with an elderly brother in his eighties.

beginning of life together—for time and eternity—or "Years ago, he said, "it must have been 1892, and

whether it comes later as a man and his wife and I would have been ten, down on the shores of Utah family are sealed for eternity. Lake, I was delighted to find a job on an adjoining

For many years it has been desirous to have addifarm. Finally, after long hours of work my neighbor

tional sealing rooms in the Salt Lake Temple, includwas satisfied and paid me twentyfive cents.

ing one large room that could accommodate the "I clutched the coin and ran home seeking out my recommendholding friends and family of a bridal father. 'Pa, look what I have!'I called. 'The next

couple or the family, friends, and neighbors of a time you go to Provo I can get a new pair of Levis family to be sealed. This new construction, so carewith this money/

fully and lovingly made to the north of the original ''Son,'my father said, 'President Wilford Woodbuilding, has four new small sealing rooms plus one ruff needs ten cents of this quarter for the Salt Lake big sealing room that will comfortably accommodate Temple. Here, I'll give you fifteen cents for the coin,

150 guests. and we'll go together to give the dime to our bishop,

The General Authorities can come directly to the who will send it to Salt Lake City/ "temple from their offices by going to the basement He paused for a full minute and then asked:

of the Church Administration Building and there "Now what have they been, doing to the Salt entering electrically propelled carts in which they Lake Temple?"

speed along brightly tiled underground passageways The brother was assured that the sacred building to their assignments in the temple. has been well cared for in this time of change. It is

Members may also park their automobiles in the felt that the skills and workmanship and the devotion new underground parking facilities on the east side to the task of the workmen match their counterparts of Main Street and walk through to the temple in the original construction of the temple up to a full annex, or the temple facilities may be entered through century and more earlier. It is difficult now for the

a new gatehouse recently erected. eye to detect the place where the new construction

These underground passageways now honeycomb has begun, and it will be more difficult as the years the beautifully landscaped Temple Square. come and go. Yet, a twoinch space was planned

The builders—construction people—of the twentieth from the beginning, between the old and the new

century have had their problems in the project. Their building. That amount of space was left to allow

problems have yielded to prayer. "Practical prayer"for the many hazards in adding onto an older buildis the phrase often used. No definition of the phrase ing. The two parts of the building are standing side

was asked for. It is taken to mean that the men, by side, essentially two inches apart.

dedicated to their trade and realizing the purpose The Salt Lake Temple is one of the most important of the building, would go just as far as was humanly buildings in the Church today. The new construction

possible, then humbly pray, and willingly rise to now completed delightfully broadens its beauty and their feet to go about their work again. heightens its ability of being of greater service spiriWe left Temple Square and that evening visited tually to the membership of the Church.

By its very presence, already the new temple annex seems to add to the feeling of reverence and holiness on Temple Square.

The precisioncut stone joins the same patterned stone of the earlier builders as the temple has been enlarged and the two parts have become one.

AUGUST 1965 687 When the gospel of Jesus Christ was restored to earth by our Father to the Prophet Joseph Smith, he "... near toHEAVENLY was told that all existing churches were

me with their lips, but their hearts are far from me,"and "... all their creeds were an abomination in hisFATHER'S sight."(See Joseph Smith 2:19.) Joseph was told

definitely to join none of them, that the true gospel was to be restored in these days for the benefit andHEALTH LAW happiness of all who would accept and live it.

The instructions were not given that in teaching restored truth by members and missionaries, they were

their for fear of existing of rousing churches heads Pi | to teach nothing contrary to that advocated by the instructions given or obopposition. were No such

served by leaders of the gospel in the beginning or to this day.

But, alas, it seems to be different today with the revelation concerning health and temporal welfare, which is, as stated by its first words: A Word of Wisdom which was given to all who would obey it and

live its teachings, with promise of great rewards.

Indeed, there seems to be a general acceptance of an understanding that "scientists"have discovered new truths regarding man's food and his welfare and their word should supersede the Lord's law if we are to be in line with "modern progress,"so called. What is

taught by the scientists and accepted by far too many

Ik 4fl P-<>v l members of the restored Church and people generally must harmonize with that taught by some, and the

LEAH D. WIDTSOE many chemists and druggists who are devising, continually, more and different chemicals and drugs,

all of which only devitalize and impoverish natural

Zfcj brief article, which exfood which our Heavenly Father placed on earth for the good of his. earth children.

presses Sister Widtsoes feelings It is clearly stated in the introduction of the revelation that it is "... showing forth the order and will of

all saints in the lastabout the Word of Wisdom, God in the temporal salvation of days."(D&C 89:2.) Yet, the very suggestion that the

was written and submitted US and other countries could have long lives of health and joy as do the Hunzakuts of northern India, if they to the Era a few months would adopt their methods of production and eating, would bring protests long and loud. "It couldn't be

prior to her done! Our country is too large and complicated for

any such change,"etc., would be exclaimed from all

passing on June 12, 1965. quarters.

6B8 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA But surely a country whose people have brains munity and Church, she was chosen to the Hall of enough and cash enough to spend over a possible Fame by the Salt Lake Council of Women.

thirty billion dollars to put one man on the moon has Her training paralleled that of her husband, John cash and brains enough to devise ways and methods A. Widtsoe, president of two Utah universities: the

of keeping the people on their own world in health University of Utah and Utah State University. Sister

and vigor for long lives of accomplishment and Widtsoe began her education under the capable welfare! Why should not the greatest concern of leadership of Camilla Cobb, sisterin-law of the famed

people today be to make our own planet a land of educator, Karl G. Maeser, who like him was trained

peace, righteousness, health, and joy that was intended in education in Germany.

by our Father in the beginning? Sister Widtsoe followed through the grade school

How long will it take us to realize that the word of and took university classes under Dr. John R. Park.

the Lord is far more authoritative than that of the From the University of Utah she obtained her normal greatest man or men on earth, no matter what may be diploma and then continued her university classes their scientific training and experience? Speed the day at Brigham Young University, from which institution

when this great truth may be accepted! she earned her degree.

Truly, there is a great lesson for all members of She also had taken work in home economics from the the Church of Jesus Christ and for all people everyPratt Institute, New York, at that time the foremost where to leam from the life and food habits and school in the United States in this new field of study.

farming practices of these people in faroff India. It was from this experience that she was called to

Is it not true that health is one of our Heavenly establish the home economics department at BYU,

Father's choicest blessings? Our Word of Wisdom is which she chaired until her marriage to John A.

an inspired code of health given to us by our Father Widtsoe. Following her marriage she accompanied

in heaven for our physical, mental, moral, and spiritual her husband to Europe where he studied for his PhD health. Its results, when lived, have been proved by in biochemistry. Later they served the USU, where Dr.

these people in the land of the Hunzas. Is it not the Widtsoe was first director of the experiment station

duty of our people to whom this health law was given and later president of the institution for nine years.

over a century ago to live it and teach it to the world? Then they were at BYU for two years where Dr.

The restored gospel is growing and spreading Widtsoe established the department of agriculture and throughout the world as our Father has promised. Our Sister Widtsoe was matron or dean of women. From

teaching of moral and spiritual health is needed and this institution they went to the U of U, where Dr.

being accepted by people in many lands. But why Widtsoe was president for five years.

don't we teach as vigorously the ways to gain physical Sister Widtsoe loved children, and it was a source and mental health, which are among the world's of sorrow to her that while she bore many children, greatest needs today—since they are basic for success, only two of whom survived her, Anne Wallace and

progress, and righteousness? Eudora (Mrs. G. Homer) Durham.

Our inspired Word of Wisdom should be our guide, Sister Widtsoe made an impact on the community and, if lived, it will be our blessing. and the Church. She wrote manuals for early classes

in YWMIA; she wrote with her mother Susa Young

Gates, daughter of President Brigham Young, a A TRIBUTEC. JOSEPHSON biography of the Lion of the Lord; and she wrote BY MARBA

ASSOCIATE MANAGING EDITOR countless articles for the various church magazines.

The beloved "Aunt Leah"of my childhood became She was truly one of God's noblewomen. To her

the revered Leah D. Widtsoe of my adult life, wife of bereaved family and friends The Improvement Era

an Apostle of the Church, Dr. John A. Widtsoe. A extends sympathy and will with them miss her retalented writer and a respected member of her comfreshing wit, candor, and ability.

AUGUST 1965 689

::., -:: -

DR. ALMA P. BURTON

ASSISTANT ADMINISTRATOR OF SEMINARIES AND INSTITUTES OF RELIGION

an one who has been foreordained to a cerhis right of choice and that he would not be compelled tain position or who has been chosen to do to be saved. Foreordination does imply, however, that

a given work fail to accomplish a designated the purposes of God will be fulfilled and that the task? Does God's foreknowledge determine decisions made by the Lord will all be carried out

exaltation for one and damnation for another? Will regardless of the lack of performance of individual

any son or daughter of God be assured of his or her men who have been foreordained to a particular exaltation except by striving for this blessing and position or responsibility. The Lord revealed to the

keeping the commandments of God? Have all those Prophet Joseph Smith at the time of the loss of 116

who were foreordained successfully completed their pages of the Book of Mormon manuscript the followprescribed work in mortality? These and many other ing truth regarding the fulfilment of his purposes

questions might be raised regarding the principles even though certain men should not live up to their of foreordination and foreknowledge. Dr. James E. privileges

Talmage has written on this subject: "The works, and the designs, and the purposes of

"God's foreknowledge concerning the natures and God cannot be frustrated, neither can they come to capacities of His children enables Him to see the end naught.

of their earthly career even from the first: 'Known "For God doth not walk in crooked paths, neither

unto God are all his works from the beginning of the doth he turn to the right hand nor to the left, neither world.'(Acts 15:18.) Many people have been led to doth he vary from that which he hath said, therefore

regard this foreknowledge of God as a predestination his paths are straight, and his course is one eternal whereby souls are designated for glory or condemnaround.

tion even before their birth in the flesh, and irrespec- "Remember, remember that it is not the work of tive of individual merit or demerit. This heretical God that is frustrated, but the work of men;

doctrine seeks to rob Deity of mercy, justice, and love; "For although a man may have many revelations,

it would make God appear capricious and selfish, and have power to do many mighty works, yet if he directing and creating all things solely for His own boasts in his own strength, and sets at naught the glory, caring not for the suffering of His victims. How counsels of God, and follows after the dictates of his

dreadful, how inconsistent is such an idea of God! own will and carnal desires, he must fall and incur

It leads to the absurd conclusion that the mere the vengeance of a just God upon him."(D&C 3:1-4.)

knowledge of coming events must act as a determinhe Lord observed our conduct over a long ing influence in bringing about these occurrences. period of time as his spirit children. On

God's knowledge of spiritual and of human nature enthe basis of this observation he was able ables Him to conclude with certainty as to the actions to determine who would become his prosof any of His children under given conditions; yet pective leaders among men on earth. He said regardthat knowledge is not of compelling force upon the ing Jeremiah that he knew him before his birth into

creature."(James E. Talmage, Articles of Faith, p. mortality and that he was foreordained to become a

191.) prophet among the nations. Others have likewise

oreordination does not imply compulsion. Nor been designated as leaders to come forth in mortality.

does foreknowledge determine that something Abraham recorded:

must be. The fact that God knows the end "Now the Lord had shown unto me, Abraham, the

from the beginning does not require that each intelligences that were organized before the world person is compelled to do each and every act that was; and among all these there were many of the

has taken or will take place since the beginning. The noble and great ones;

contention in the council in heaven when Lucifer "And God saw these souls that they were good, was cast out was over the fact that man would have and he stood in the midst of them, and he said:

690 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA teaching CHURCHCONDUCTEDSCHOOLBY SYSTEMTHE

E. BY WILLIAM BERRETT

INSTITUTESOF RELIGION ADMINISTRATORAND OFSEMINARIES

These I will make my rulers; for he stood among lation of the gold plates. The Lord chastised the

those that were spirits, and he saw that they were young Prophet for his error in being unduly influgood; and he said unto me: Abraham, thou art one enced by a man and said:

of them; thou wast chosen before thou wast born."ehold, you have been entrusted with these

(Abr. 3:2223.) things, but how strict were your commandrom this record we learn that many were ments; and remember also the promises

foreordained to be leaders prior to being born which were made to you, if you did not to this earth. Joseph Smith taught that "every transgress them.

man who has a calling to minister to the "And behold, how oft you have transgressed the inhabitants of the world was ordained to that very commandments and the laws of God, and have gone purpose in the grand council of heaven before this on in the persuasions of men.

world was. I suppose that I was ordained to this "For, behold, you should not have feared man

very office in that grand council."(DHC 6, 364.) more than God. Although men set at naught the

There is no doubt that Joseph Smith was forecounsels of God, and despise his words—

ordained to become the Prophet of the Dispensation "Yet you should have been faithful; and he would

of the Fulness of Times. This fact was recorded on have extended his arm and supported you against

the Book of Mormon plates hundreds of years before all the fiery darts of the adversary; and he would

his birth into mortality. It was so specifically desighave been with you in every time of trouble."(Ibid.,

nated that even the name of his father was given 3:5-8.)

and the fact that his name would be the same as Then the Lord made known to the Prophet that his father's. (See 2 Nephi 3.) although he had been called to> do this work, he

*w oseph who was sold into Egypt obtained a could not transgress the commandments and direcpromise from the Lord that a chosen seer tions of God without being in danger of losing his (Joseph Smith) would be raised up by the great calling and designation as the one through

Lord, and he would be esteemed highly whom the Lord would fulfil his purposes here on among those of the house, of Israel. He further proearth. The Lord said to the Prophet:

claimed that the writings he would bring forth ( Book "... but because of transgression, if thou art not

of Mormon, Doctrine and Covenants, the Pearl of aware thou wilt fall.

Great Price, and the work of correcting the Bible) "But remember, God is merciful; therefore, repent

would be used for the "confounding of false doctrines of that which thou hast done which is contrary to and laying down of contentions, and establishing the commandment which I gave you, and thou art peace,"for the house of Israel. (Ibid., 3:12.) still chosen, and art again called to the work;

In the third section of the Doctrine and Covenants, "Except thou do this, thou shalt be delivered up the Lord said to the Prophet, "Behold, thou art Joseph, and become as other men, and have no more gift."

and thou wast chosen to do the work of the Lord, (Ibid., 3:9-11.)

but because of transgression, if thou art not aware This revelation from the Lord in no way interferes thou wilt fall."(D&C 3:9.) As stated above, there with the fact that Joseph Smith was foreordained

can be no question about the fact that Joseph Smith in the spirit world to do a great work among men.

was foreordained to do the work of the Lord. Yet But it does definitely show that the young Prophet

he had to watch lest he should fall. At the time that could not disregard the commandments and admonithis revelation was given the Prophet Joseph Smith, tions of the Lord with impunity.

he had allowed himself to be persuaded by Martin Again, at a later time, the Lord reminded the

Harris to do certain things which had brought about Prophet that he must be faithful if he were to conthe loss of the manuscript of the first work of transtinue as the instrument in (Continued on page 706)

AUGUST 1965 691

ere cm Oae$o

BY LEON L. PETERSON

The rain had started in the mountains and, driven by a southerly wind, had marched down over the foothills into the plateau country. Long before the

thunder could be heard, the lightning could be seen flashing. All afternoon the two men and the boy had

worked without rest in the hay field, tortured by the sweltering air.

Bishop Edgar Leverton staggered as he sought to balance the huge cock of hay over his head on the tines of the longhandled fork. Leaning into the wind,

he hurried after the slowly moving wagon, grunting slightly as he set the fork of hay on the corner load.

He squared his shoulders as he looked at it, towering up straight on the sides and square on the corners. No

one in the valley hauled betterlooking hay to their it raking as he went. SquintM0-: *3*r barns. He walked around

ing, he carefully eyed the work of his nineteenyear- old son, Wilbur. Then assured that both sides grew

evenly, he approached the next cock. On top of the

load a still younger son, Heber, drove the horses and tramped the hay.

Bishop Leverton paused and looked up into the build again."Bishop Leverton looked at the wall,

threatening storm. The lightning was striking in the muttering to himself. "Too many years, too many."

valley now, and the clap of thunder was practically The steady drum of the rain coaxed and lulled simultaneous with the strike. A sprinkle of rain splateach into an uneasy silence. Already the water had

tered in the bishop's bearded face as the wind lifted turned the streets into small rivers, and the bottom and partially turned over the last fork of hay he fifth of the bishop's lot had become part of the channel.

had set on the load. Another drop and then another hit From the door they watched a large wooden box

his sweatsoaked shirt. Muttering under his breath, he float by. Gradually the rain turned to a drizzle and

grimly hurried after the wagon. finally stopped except for a few gusty drops falling

It was not really the possibility of wet, ruined hay intermittently.

that bothered him, serious as that would be. Rather As he stepped from the shed into the corral, Bishop

it was the dirt dam the settlers had built three difLeverton ran his horny hand over his face and ferent times, an expenditure of muscle, means, and thought that it would not be many hours until dark.

spirit so great that Bishop Leverton had marveled at Looking toward the west for a cloudburied sun, he the sacrifice of the lean and sometimes hungry people. said, "Wilbur, hook the horses up. We better go and

Twice the dam had disappeared in the onslaught of have a look at the dam. I'll go tell your mother....

flash floods. Its position in a narrow neck of the I guess you better plan on going with us too, Heber."

canyon through which Willow Creek ran was strategic. As Bishop Leverton drove the trotting horses down

At this point, two miles above the settlement of the road, the ruts made by an earlier wagon were

Beufort, the water could be raised high enough to readily visible in the mud. On the flat approach to the

draw it off into a main ditch. But this position was dam site they could see the wagon, and as they drew

very vulnerable as well, as history had shown, and nearer they recognized the horses as belonging to there was no alternative. The final success of the Brother Lawrence Manahand. But only after they

community had been, and continued to be, dependent drove up to the lip of the canyon and could look on the success of the dam, for the siltladen water down on the dam itself were they able to see Brother carried the catalyst necessary to bring life to the Manahand and Brother Radford Martin intently sunand windparched land. watching the water. Bishop Leverton handed the

The bishop and his sons worked at a backbreaking reins to Wilbur and jumped off the wagon before it pace, while the sweat and dust combined in a band had come to a complete halt. The jar jolted him, and

of burning itch beneath collars and cuffs. A bolt of he realized that he was getting too old for jumping

lightning and a clap of thunder burst about them. The off moving wagons. While he hurried down the gentle

small cottonwood tree at the end of the lane lit up in slope to where the two men stood, Wilbur tied the a blinding flash and seemed to burn as the bolt ran its reins up short to the wagon wheel. He and Heber

length, leaving a startling white streak on the less then followed, stopping a few feet short of their white bark. And the sky fractured, emptying its confather and the other men.

tents in deep sluicy sheets of water. "How long have you been here, Brother?"Bishop

Bishop Leverton and Wilbur unhooked the horses Leverton asked as he shook hands with Lawrence from the wagon, urging them with an unnecessary cry Manahand.

and snap of the reins into a fast trot to the shed. Once "Oh, not more than ten minutes, I'd reckon."

there, the men stood in the doorway, hearing the "Has the water level changed?"

large drops beat a maniacal crescendo on the roof, "Yeah, I reckon it's raised six to eight inches while seeing the hurtling rain turn into muddy ricocheting we've been standing here."

splashes, and feeling the primitive helplessness of "Is the spillway open? How about the gate on the

man in the face of such unusual ferocity. irrigation ditch?"

The first swollen burst of the storm slackened. "Yeah, nobody ever closes them this time of year,

Wilbur, who had been silently kicking the post which do they?"

supported one corner of the shed, turned to his father "No, I guess they don't."The bishop was dodging

and said, "We got most of it, Dad. We're lucky we the obvious. "Funny that the level would rise eight

got as much as we did."inches in such a short time if everything is open."

"Hang the hay, Wilbur. It's the dam that worries "I don't reckon it's so funny, Bishop. Just natural.

me. If it goes, who'll rebuild it? I can't."Don't you remember the last one?"

"Even if the hay that is down is ruined, the third "Of course I do,"Bishop Leverton snapped. "I was

cutting will more than fill the barn."here."

"I couldn't face the ward members and ask them to "Well?"

694 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "What can we do?"The question was directed to no the last visit of the brethren from Salt Lake City. It

one in particular. "Just wait and pray?"was the fall conference of 1889, following almost im-

"Dad, we could try to build it higher,"Wilbur said. mediately after the dam had washed out the second

Bishop Leverton absently stared at his son while the time. The sounds and events of the conference were

red, swirling water eddied and foamed as it struck so clear. There were memories still painful to recall,

the dam. Ordinarily Willow Creek, a tributary of the for he had been called to task—memories that he had

Little Colorado, was not a big body of water. Yet it been prone to relive too often. Elder Dalton's voice

was capable of carrying great quantities in its channel throbbed in his mind as strong and demanding of which had been etched in hard rock during the course respect as it had been better than three years ago.

of many centuries, creating canyon walls that soared "You are forgetting, Bishop, that one of your duties eighty and ninety feet. is to see that the dam is rebuilt. You have a temporal

The water lapped nearer the top of the dam. It was responsibility to these people as well as a spiritual one,

obvious to Bishop Leverton that it would soon start you know."

spilling over. When this occured, he knew only a "Yes, yes, I'm aware of this, but I'm getting old. A

miracle could save the structure. Galvanized he younger man, a man with the strength and enwatched the turbulent water consume the remaining thusiasm of youth, could do it much better. The older

inches. He thought he must do something. He could I get the more I long for my home and friends in

not stand submissively by while another dam washed Cache Valley. I still have land and a house there."

down into the Colorado. Musingly he muttered, "May- "Bishop Leverton,"Elder Dalton's voice edged

be, just maybe!"Then, coming to a decision, he concrossly, "I shouldn't have to remind you that the Lord

tinued, "Go to the granary, Son, and get all the sacks didn't call a younger man, should I? You were called!

and shovels we have. We'll build the dam higher!... Called here to make this land blossom. That means

Wait! Heber, you go with him and get all the help rebuilding the dam. One other thing, Bishop, I suggest

you can. Tell them to bring their shovels and their you forget Cache Valley. Beufort is your home."

gunnysacks. Hurry, sons!""You're right, of course, Elder Dalton. The dam will

The shadows closed in around the three men. And be rebuilt. But don't ask me to forget my home. I

in the dim, failing light Bishop Leverton stood couldn't really. It would break my heart. It's the only

despairing as the first trickle of water wiggled its way, home I've ever known, and I have children buried snakelike, onto the top of the dam. He remembered there. Someday I'll go back."(Continued on page 724)

NAUVOO

BY MARILYN MC MEEN MILLER

There is quiet in the green marshes; insects hum

Above the brown wooden docks, rotting poles

Where seaweed grows and water skimmers run;

The grass grows tall—blue gristle holds

The webs of spiders brushing in the sun.

The houses watch the silent scene loith eyes

Cut, bleak from thick adobe bricks, still numb

From fires, and shouts, and women's cries.

The streets have died. Somewhere an echo rings:

Above a grave a footstep falls. Or from a room

A light repeats the flickering soul of things

As once they were. The city is a tomb.

Now all the soul is gone, the shades are drawn;

And hushed, it weeps its death before the dawn.

AUGUST 1965 695

Via Dolorosa, Jerusalem.

The Protestant cemetery on Mount Zion showing the scarp of the Jebusite fortress and the Valley of Hinnon.

v,Kp -'w3ki

A.-'*- <--v.}"\- vV

SINCE CUMORAH NEW VOICES FROM THE DUST

BY HUGH NIBLEY. PH.D.

PROFESSOR OF HISTORY AND RELIGION, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

The Testament of Lehi / Part I, continued are lost."35 In our culture the broadest roads are the safest, but it was

not so in the desert. In the popuDesert imagery. We have just—but that thou wouldst clear my lar Egyptian literature of Lehi's

mentioned Lehi's "desert vision."way before me, and hedge not up day "it became a very common

The desert imagery of Nephi's writmy way, but the ways of mine teaching,"according to H. Grapow,

ings has been studied against the enemy."(2 Nephi 4:3233.) "that a man should never depart

real desert background before now, It is all straight desert lore—-the from the right path... but be

but it has never been compared low valley, the plain road, the flight righteous, not associate his heart with the rich desert imagery in the from relentless enemies, the great with the wicked or walk upon the apocryphal writings, both Jewish sheikh placing the fringe of his path of unrighteousness."36 Recently

and Christian—which is not surrobe (kuffeh) around the shoulder Couroyer has shown that there was

prising, since Lehi in the Desert of the kneeling suppliant as a sign actually a close connection between appeared before the Dead Sea of his protection, the open passage, this Egyptian concept and the "way

Scrolls had been published. Take and the stumbling blocks—but it of life"teachings in Israel, the two

Nephi's supplication: is also authentic apocryphal imstemming from a common literary

"O Lord, wilt thou... that I agery. So Ben Sirach: "His paths tradition. 37 "We went astray from

may walk in the path of the low are plain for the blameless; even the way of truth,"says the Wisdom

valley, that I may be strict in the so they present stumblingblocks to of Solomon, "... and we journeyed

plain road! the offender."33 Sirach sees in the through trackless deserts, but the

"O Lord, wilt thou encircle me dangerous journey through the desway of the Lord we knew not."38

around in the robe of thy righert the most compelling image of This is exactly the lesson of the teousness! O Lord, wilt thou make a man's dependence on God, as Liahona

way for mine escape before mine Nephi does. 34 "Therefore, they tarried in the

enemies! Wilt thou make my path The latter describes those who wilderness, or did not travel a distraight before me! Wilt thou not fall away as being led "away into rect course... because of their

place a stumbling block in my way broad roads, that they perish and transgressions."(Alma 37:42.)

696 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

WKKm -:'> '**

The Haram Esk Sherif with the golden gate is shown from the

Garden of Gethsemane.

Lehi, in "a dark and dreary wilfrom the living fountain of the says that his father failed to notice derness"(1 Nephi 8:4), found a Lord.... Come and drink and that the water of the river was

wonderful tree (v. 10), and near it rest by the fountain of the Lord!"39 filthy, and that it represented "the

"a river of water"(v. 13) at the "... he that refuses the water shall depths of hell."(Ibid., 15:26ff, 12:

source of which he saw the righnot live!"says the Zadokite Frag16.

teous members of his family standment.* "I saw the fountain of righ- "This was a typical desert sayl,"

ing as they considered where to go teousness,"says I Enoch, telling of we wrote some years ago, "a raging from there (v. 14); he called them his vision, "and around it were many torrent of liquid filth that sweeps

to join him at the tree (v. 15 ), and springs of wisdom, and all the whole camps to destruction."43 The

also called Laman and Lemuel to thirsty drank from them and were same queer and unpleasant imjoin the rest of them, but these refilled.... But woe unto ye who... agery meets us in the Odes of Solofused. (Vs. 1718.) While some got have forsaken the fountain of mon: "Great rivers are the power

to the tree by taking hold of an iron life!"41 The Thanksgiving Hymns of the Lord, and they carry headrod, "Many were drowned in the of the Dead Sea Scrolls often refer long those who despise him: and

depths of the fountain; and many to the knowledge of God as a entangle their paths; and they

were lost from his view, wanderfountain and declare that only the sweep away their fords, and catch ing in strange roads."(V. 32.) The humble of broken heart and contheir bodies and destroy their

obedient, members of the family trite spirit partake of it. 42 This lives."44 The foolish ones who refound both the waters and the tree theme is strongly emphasized in fuse counsel are swept away in the

of life. The tree and the water are Lehi's story, where those who parwreckage of the flood.

often mentioned together, for the take of the fruit are mocked for The Thanksgiving Hymns use the simple reason that in the desert their humility. (1 Nephi 8:2528.) same flood image in a different but

the two necessarily occur together. Filthy water. In the treeand- related sense—the vanity of the

(Cf: the First Psalm of David.) river image the emphasis is someworld is the torrent; "the way of

Lehi's appeal to his sons must times on the fruit, sometimes on the princes of this world"is such a have sounded like that of the Odes the water. Nephi gives a special confused rush of water that brings

of Solomon: "Come and take water interpretation to the latter when he only ruin and is soon dried up. 45

AUGUST 5965 697

The early Christian Acts of Thomas The writer of the Thankgsiving eat of the Tree of Life and wear a contrasts the pure perennial water Hymns, that is, though a genuine white garment... and they will

with the filthy seasonal flood: poet and inspired preacher in his never thirst."51 In these instances

God's fountain being "never filthy, own right, draws the whole of his the tree and the water go together.

and the stream thereof never failmaterial from very ancient Jewish The two things so wonderful as to eth,"it is "the sweet spring that sources, many of them long since defy imagination, according to the never ceaseth, the clear fountain vanished. In describing a clever Acts of Thomas, are "the incorthat is never polluted."46 false prophet of his own day, the ruptible food of the tree of life and

In the Thanksgiving Hymns the author here uses the language of the drink of the water of life."32

soul that refuses to drink of "the earlier scripture throughout. An odd aspect of the tree in the

Wellspring of Life, even though This peculiar practice of the Book of Mormon is the perfect it was yielding [life or water] everDead Sea Scrolls, of which the whiteness of it (the whitest of lasting"becomes "as... rivers in Habakkuk Commentary has betrees, 1 Nephi 11:8) and of its

flood, for they poured forth their come a classic example, is highly fruit. (Ibid., 8:10f.) Whiteness is

mire upon me."17 Again the filthy characteristic of the Book of Mornot an appetizing quality in trees or

water. The Zadokite Fragment mon, where Nephi "did liken all fruit, and so it is impressive to

speaks of the false teachers of scripture unto us, that it might be learn from the Creation ApocIsrael as drenching the people with for our profit and learning."( Ibid., ryphon that though the tree of life

"waters of falsehood,"the evil 19:23. Italics added.) Nephi's imlooks like a cypress, its fruit is percounterpart of the waters of life: agery meets us again in Baruch: fectly white. 53

"... there arose the 'man of scoff- "Thou hast forsaken the fountain of Sometimes imagery seems to get

ing,'who dripped [or preached] wisdom and wandered away from remarkably jumbled up in the Book to Israel 'waters of falsehood'and the way of God,"49 and in a strikof Mormon, as in Helaman 3:29f:

'caused them to go astray in a ing passage of the Talmud, where "... whosoever will may lay hold

wilderness without way'by 'causRabbi Isaac says, "I will give you upon the word of God,... which

ing eternal pride [or: pride of the shall divide asunder all the cunning

world] to become low'by turning GENEALOGY and the snares and the wiles of the aside from the pathways of righdevil, and lead the man of Christ teousness...."4S BY ADAH LEMPKE in a straight and narrow course

... It is not only the images but the For so long across that everlasting gulf.

combination of images that are I let their feathered ivhisperings "And land their souls... at the

arresting here. Let us recall that Pass me by. right hand of God in the kingdom

Nephi saw that "many were "Let the dead past be,"I said; of heaven, to sit down with Abraham, and Isaac, and with Jacob... drowned in the depths of the foun- "Theirness."mumblings point to nothing-

( Italics added. tain [of filthy water]; and many One day the petalled fragrance to go no more out."

were lost from his view, wandering Of their voices enveloped me; Here in a single sentence we

in strange roads."(1 Nephi 8:32.) I cupped my ear to listen. have the image of the rod or staff

This wandering, he explains, was I listened. ("lay hold"), the sword, the nets,

I listened the direct result of "the attitude of Until their timecoated words the path, the yawning gulf, the mocking"(v. 27) of the people in Surrounded me. ship, the throne, and the kingdom.

the fine house that represented "the Then I learned the joy To us this may appear rather tastepride of the world."(Ibid., 11:36.) Of eavesdropping on the echoes less and overdone, but it is typical.

Scoffing, filthy waters, the pride Of the past. Take this from an important Manof the world, and straying in the daean writing attributed to John:

wilderness are a strange combina- a likeness: Once there was one "Come, come to me! I am the

tion, but the coincidence is exwandering hungry, weary and shepherd, whose ship soon comes.

planned by Rabin's translation, thirsty, in the desert, and he came... Who does not hearken to my

which we are giving here; in it, to a tree with beautiful fruit and call shall sink.... I am the fisheralmost every phrase is put in quoshade beside a stream of water, man... come, I will rescue you

tation marks, because almost every etc."50 from the filthy birds. I will rescue

phrase is actually a quotation from The newly found Apocalypse of my friends and bring them into the Bible or (usually) some old Elijah tells how the righteous are my ship. I will clothe them in garapocryphal work. led to the place where "they may ments of glory and with precious

698 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

* 4'mi.

-J AS P &t V sferv

... ***

r

Il|

*r..#

r/ie remains of a religious community in the desert 40 miles east of Qumran. Only early Moslem and Byzantine

buildings have been excavated.

light...,"54 biographical notes on some of "Our father Lehi was driven out

Incidentally, Helaman's "lay hold them, from which we can see what of Jerusalem because he testified upon the word of God,"while rekind of men they were and what of these things...."(Helaman

minding us of the iron rod, is also they did; and we are given exten- 8:1920, 22.)

authentic usage. Mormon wants us sive extracts of their teachings, so Lehi, loaded with "seeds of fruit

to "lay hold upon the gospel..."we know what religious tradition of every kind"(see 1 Nephi 8:1),

(Mormon 7:8), and five times they are supposed to represent. was hoping to found his own reliMoroni speaks of laying hold on What all of them had in common gious community following the patevery good thing. 55 The Zadokite was a clear emphasis in preaching tern of Jonadab ben Rechab and

Document deplores Israel's refusal the coming of the Messiah, by others who had gone out before to "grasp instruction,"as Rabin which they incurred the wrath of him. 58

translates it, noting that the excertain factions among the Jews and Today, of course, all this puts pression is found in other early were often obliged to flee to the one at once in mind of the Qumran

Jewish Apocrypha; 56 and urges the desert with their followers to community and other such settlepeople to "take hold of the way of carry on what they considered to ments of pious Jewish sectaries.

God,"another expression found in be a purer and more honest version An essential part of the picture is other Apocrypha. 57 of the religion of Moses and the the machinations of false prophets

The forgotten prophets. The prophets. of a special breed who play a conBook of Mormon refers repeatedly Lehi is expressly included in this spicuous role both in the Book of

to a line of prophets that nobody line of Messianic prophets: Mormon and in the newly found

ever heard of in Jewish or Christian "... there have been many Apocrypha. Those false teachers,

circles—such men as Zenos, Zenock, prophets that have testified these for example, who drenched the

and Neum. These were not Nethings; yea, behold, the prophet Jews with the filthy water of false

phrite prophets but were "prophZenos did testify boldly;... doctrines are depicted as clever

ets of old"in Palestine. (Alma "... also Zenock, and also Ezias, intellectuals and skilful rhetoricians

33:3.) We are favored with brief and also Isaiah, and Jeremiah,... ( Continued on page 702

AUGUST 1965 699

hUffil fl 'lt'*1'(mtsl GewjeEubr dahler

Simpu* Ew My(|][ Ethel Aiuue Otll Gram JtfllM ClairlU WiHaid lohn ink r!r,r

Ihwtlon EnijtDail L-firun

QrMn (.:'Ediit iri'fAAlmi,.'Yl.. luiioh Ft.n Hjtllt Mil8*it Htlmlt Simpson M*nsMabel

Willwn Stpnin """WW""* M.ct l.i*

lfl|h( H.nMh M, B-| fundi i

*.- 1 'if 1 -c iMrttE.M* Thorn is MAHum

Elizabeth tml> a,|,j [U((M S.l.i J M*iclU

h rm*s C*dd* * Cuohnt HtM) limei bihui 1 8t<lh Ann Williid John Btnamm Ihunlon ftol! Bf6f [> Dlr Cuii II J 1 ft COliM (HitJint /

Mjl!hJ i ""?* Sn|im>a Pilmtn N II(1J

Hruiffl Hfnr, Mlr '[llEn *** Chtpitun tiuii Oo'i Sum ji 1, f'td Ctnrj p.'It*') b MjntlU

1 W-e ""Minnuh*v W it*row Ptftl JaitphNrm*<i * *""Mlr Blanch l(* w My SltDmi \. i V!(;'Chjrlf! Cfi>r-,|, Lo Minn* (dill Hk \,

H.lhjn, lohn

''\, lQ t'"Ed-**d *'""SWW* Ml, Until j* YlHti * * Thornis WUlhbIIjifim. v tf* t Alien limti

- *-.hu -ChWi M"li* Vticu Mar>el s, rf

Cum Mice

Cioite w>iiiin ***. V flr* iM*(,iOiuihltP|

( \ THE HYTVLAS EAMIIX"w GENEA vr>* '""'""feM*RY ANN AtKINS HERITAGE I JULY 1962

President's Message

Family Tree

Perspective

Why Family Organizations':?

question: Just why is the formation and con- "Who are there besides the Latterday Saints who

tinuance of a family organization considered so imcontemplate the thought that beyond the grave we will portant as a church activity? continue in the family organization? the father, the

mother, the children recognizing each other in the answer: In these days when especial stress is relations which they owe to each other and in which

being placed by the presiding Authorities of the they stand to each other? this family organization

Church on the importance of the family, it is well to being a unit in the great and perfect organization of bear in mind certain essential facts in our gospel God's work, and all destined to continue throughout doctrine. The Latterday Saint family faithful to its time and eternity."(Gospel Doctrine, p. 227.)

lofty standards is destined to endure eternally. Said Those endearing ties of affection, the outgrowth of

President Joseph F. Smith: loving association and devoted service, are meant to

700 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA be everlasting and to find their full fruition in a the father, mother, and children, but of all the dehappier hereafter. That abiding tenderness we feel scendants also. Those intermarrying with descendants

for father and mother, wife or husband, and children also become members of the family. New members

is not intended to die with death but rather to achieve are continually entering the family by either birth or its most exalted status through death. Only in the marriage. When the marriage of the parents is for

family can the resurrected soul reach its highest eternity and the children are born in the covenant, achievement. The unit of perfect exaltation is the this family organization will be of everlasting duration

family. for all those who prove faithful.

This perfect exaltation or eternal life is not attainIn a family the father presides, and the family is able even by isolated family groups unconnected with named with his name. While he lives no further organithe families of their descendants or with the families zation is needed. In case of his absence or death, the

of their forefathers. Since parents are themselves mother is the presiding officer. Where both parents

children in the families of their own fathers and are dead, it becomes necessary for the children and mothers, it follows that there must be a linking of other descendants (including those who have married family units in a veritable "chain of families"from into the family) to choose a president and other offithe latest generation back to the beginning. "For we cers to act in lieu of the natural president—the father—

without them cannot be made perfect; neither can they who is dead.

without us be made perfect."(D&C 128:18.) Such a group, known as a family organization, is

The love engendered in the family circle extends organized with a specific purpose: to carry on the

out to include the children's children, and their work which the parents were responsible for doing children's children, and on unendingly. Such ties are while alive. Thus the formal family organization is

mightier than death and will reach out in eversimply acting in the stead of the common parents of widening circles to an endless posterity. the group; and the officers chosen should regard themThis truth was well understood by the early leaders selves always as the representatives or delegates of the

of the Church. In a patriarchal blessing given by departed father and mother of them all.

Patriarch Hyrum Smith at Nauvoo, he stressed this Any descendant may take the initiative in inviting continuance of blessings from parents to children, other members to unite in forming a family associapredicting that "the blessings of the priesthood with tion. Whoever does this should first draw up as

its gifts and graces shall be sealed upon your head and complete a list as possible of all living descendants and upon your children after you from generation to genof their present addresses. This may be a task of great

eration."(Patriarchal Blessings, book 2, p. 224.) proportions; yet no one should be neglected and not

It may readily be demonstrated how rapidly the receive an invitation to this first meeting. As an addiposterity of one couple may increase over a period tional safeguard against this, ample notices should

of several centuries. If the average number of chilbe published in newspapers serving the area where

dren in the families of the Church is about four, let us the descendants reside, inviting the members to attend.

suppose that a couple has four children who grow to When the group has assembled in response to the maturity and that each of these, on the average, has call, the one who called the meeting should act as four children. If this rate of increase should continue temporary chairman and explain the desirability of a

in each generation for three generations or one hunregular family organization and its proper objectives.

dred years, there would be 64 greatgrandchildren; Those present should be given an opportunity to

in two hundred years, 4,096 descendants; in the ninth express their views and approve the plan. If that

generation, 262,304; in the twelfth, 16,787,456; and in endorsement is given, the nomination and election

the fifteenth, roughly five hundred years hence, 1,074,- of officers is the next order of business. Later a consti361,184 descendants, fully a third as many people as tution and bylaws should be adopted so that all may

there are now in the whole world! be done in order.

Some families multiply much more rapidly than Through family reunions and outings, family memthis; others die out and become extinct. But it is a bers become more intimately acquainted, and this

fact to be reckoned with that a progenitor who came should lead to a greater love and more sympathetic to American shores nine or ten generations ago, in appreciation for one another. Family research and

16301640, may have today a tremendously numerous temple work can be organized so as to unite the efforts posterity, including families in all parts of this land of all and avoid needless duplication. Learning of the

and abroad. lives of forefathers should stimulate families to live

A family, in the larger sense, consists not only of worthily.

AUGUST 1965 701 Since Cumorah religion of revelations, dreams, Dead Sea Scrolls, where the three (Continued from page 699) visions, and constant awareness of are constantly mentioned together,—it is surprising how often their the reality of the other world and and a single one of them almost

"flattering words"are blamed for the poverty of this one. 03 never occurs alone. 66

the straying of Israel. 50 In the We have called this the conflict Twelve times the Book of MorZadokite Fragment they are between the "sophic"and the "manmon names the prophet Zenos, next

charged with having "removed the tic,"and it goes back to the earliest to Isaiah the most conspicuous Old mark which the forefathers had set records of Greece and the Levant; 04 World prophetic figure in the book.

up in their inheritance,""and there but it was brought to its sharpest The people of Lehi had brought is a solemn warning to "all those focus in the period just after 600 his writings with them from Jeruof the members of the covenant BC, which scholars have called the salem, and they were evidently who have broken out of the bound- "Axial Period"because it has set popular, for preachers living hunary of the Law,"or stepped bethe stage for man's intellectual dreds of years apart enjoin the yond the designated mark.*51 history ever since. Nephites to remember what they

The early Christian Gospel of The conflict between these two have read of his words. (Alma 33:3;

Truth says Israel turns to error views of life and religion flared up cf. Jacob 5:1.) How, one wonders,

when they look for that which is at that time when the old sacral could an important prophet like beyond the mark. 02 How well Jacob order of society, weakened by corZenos, if he ever existed, have

puts it in the Book of Mormon ruption, wars, and migrations, was simply dropped out of sight withwhen he tells how the clever Jews attacked by a new skepticism and out leaving a trace of himself in the "despised the words of plainness, rationalism which suddenly beBible or anywhere else? That is

and killed the prophets, and sought came bold and outspoken. 05 This just the question that is being asked

for things that they could not controversy, fanned to feverheat today about certain prophets now understand. Wherefore, because of in the political and moral crisis of rediscovered in the Dead Sea

their blindness, which blindness Jerusalem under Zedekiah, was Scrolls.

came by looking beyond the mark, carried to the New World in the Of one of these J. Danielou

they must needs fall...."(Jacob baggage of Lehi and Mulek and is writes: "... between the great

4:14.) nowhere more vividly described prophets of the Old Testament and

One of the most interesting feathan in the pages of the Book of John the Baptist he emerges as a tures of the Book of Mormon is the Mormon. It begins with Laman and new link... one of the great

inclusion in it of long speeches by Lemuel, the perfect exponents of figures of Israel's prophetic tradifalse prophets. These men are the smug "horizontal religion"with tion. It is amazing that he remained

skilled Sophists who use all the its careful concern for outward obso unknown for so long. Now that

stock arguments against the gospel servances of the Law and its utter he is known the question arises as with practised "skill and great succontempt for visionary prophets of to what we are to do about this cess. It is hard for a philosopher doom: knowledge.... Why does not this

today to find anything to add to "And thou art like unto our message, then, form part of the the arguments of Sherem, Korihor, father, led away by the foolish inspired Scripture?"67 The last

Zeezrom, or Nehor. imaginations of his heart;... question was prompted by the fact,

But are not such arguments typi- "And we know that the people pointed out by Danielou, that the cal of a later age, that of the schoolwho were in the land of Jerusalem prophet in question indubitably men in the days when Greek were a righteous people; for they prophesied the coming of the Mesthought had pervaded the East? kept the statutes and judgments of siah many years before the event.

Indeed they are, but their history the Lord, and all his commandSo here we have a major prophet goes clear back to the beginning. ments, according to the law of foretelling the coming of Christ but

The split between rationalists and Moses; wherefore, we know that completely lost to the Christian and

believers, which runs right through they are a righteous people; and Jewish worlds.

the Book of Mormon from the first our father hath judged them...."It has often been pointed out

page to the last, is what Good- (1 Nephi 17:20, 22.) that the scribes and Pharisees of

enough calls the perennial conflict The issue is clearly drawn and the New Testament, the legitimate in Judaism between the "horizontal"has continued to this day. Incidescendants of "the Jews at Jeruand the "vertical"types of religion, dentally, the formula "statutes, salem"whom Nephi so often takes

that is, between the comfortable judgments, and all his commandto task, after they had sought the and conventional religion of forms ments,"redundant though it seems death of the Lord and the Apostles, and observances as opposed to a to us, is highly characteristic of the also determined to eradicate every

702 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA When we have a tire sale...

TIRES m DOWN TIRE EASY TRADE NO DOWN TIRE PAYMENT IARGAIN5 PAY PLAN km SAVE PAYMENT lAROAtffS

WE HAVE A TIRE SALE!

I've put special sale prices on every Atlas tire and watch for my ad. Then come early and avoid the

Amoco 120 Super Premium Tire in my station. rush. I'll take your recappable tires in trade. And

And I'm going to tell the entire town about it with a you can take up to 12 months to pay with your big newspaper ad. If this year's sale goes anything American Oil credit card. Or ask me to arrange easy

like last year's, you can expect an early sellout. So terms. Sound like a good deal? It is.

Your American Oil Dealer

You expect more from American and you get it!*

AMERICAN OIL COMPANY Trademark,

AUGUST 1965 703 trace of Jewish apocalyptic thought words were first published in 1893, des Aegyptischen (Leipzig, 1924), pp.

as well. (;s That is why the line of the same as our Book of Mormon 64f.37R. P. B. Couroyer, "Le Chemin de

Messianic prophets disappeared. Zenos? 71 At least the names can Vie en Egypte et en Israel"Revue

To judge by the Dead Sea Scrolls now be confirmed, as also the exisBiblique,Wisdom56 of(1949)Solomon,pp. 5:6f.392411.

they were closely associated with tence of a suppressed line of prophOdesDamascusof Solomon,Covenant30:1.{Zadokite Fragthe priestly line of Zadok—"the ets and the fact that very great ment), 3:16.

priests who remain true to the prophets have actually disappeared 41IThanksgivingEnoch, 96:6.Hymns, 18:14f.

covenant"—which was also supfrom sight because of their mes- H. Nibley, An Approach to the Book

pressed."9 An important name in sianic teachings. Let us take the of "OdesMormon,of Solomon,p. 225. 39:1.

the Zadokite tradition was that of case of Zenos. Thanksgiving Hymns, 8:1-120.

Enos, another vanished prophet; (To be continued) formerActssectionof Thomas,the best25 renderingand 29. Inof thethe FOOTNOTES is "filthy,"Syriac kairah since first word prophets of the Nephite one Sirach, 39:24. aBen turbulent, foulmeans both muddy, and 34:1117. or "Ibid., 70 Is the that Zenes name. also had

:1 > smelling.

cf. 8:32. 12:17; 1 Nephi "Thanksgiving 8:15; T. Hymns, H. of Zenos, fragments whose some Ausdriicke Bildlichen Die:illH. Grapow, Gaster, Scriptures Sea The Dead (New

York: Doubleday Anchor, 1957), p. 166.

Rabin, The Zadokite Documents, p.

4; Damascus Document, 1:15.

iSBook of Baruch, 3:13f.

mTanith, fol. 5b6a.

51Apocalypse of Elijah, 21:8.

36. Acts of Thomas, I THE THE DOCTRINE OF 9 Creation (Labib), 158: Apocryphon SPOKEN WORD a COMPLETED WORK 16.

Mandaean Book of John, c. 36, ed.

Lidzbarski (Giessen, 1915), II, 144ff.

E5Moroni 7:19, 20, 21, 25; 10:30.

RICHARD L. EVANS ""Rabin,57Ibid., p.op.40.cit., p. 22.

We have seen sometime, somewhere, a title—"The doctrine of completed BookSeeof H.Mormon,Nibley,pp.An127-9.Approach to the

work"—which suggests a subject for those who are looking for challeng59As in the Thanksgiving Hymns and

see Commentary; Habakkuk below, notes. life. is in tasks before unfinished us too assignments ing Having many Damascus (Zadokite FragDocument

is a limit pursue effectively one confusing. can There at any to what we 1:16. ment),

time; and one way to keep from ineffective fretting is to finish, to comaiIbid., 20B:25f.

plete what should be done. In the pressure and complexity that is all 62Gospel of Truth, fol. xi, line 24.

around us, those responsible for moving work forward must delegate Goodenough,s4Old Babylonianop. cit.,literatureI, 1719.offers a

duties to others. But there comes a time when someone must follow to the good illustration; W. G. Lambert, Babylofinish—must take responsibility for final decisions. We may give a child nian Wisdom Literature (Oxford, 1960),

a small task to do, and in the learning process he comes back again pp. 4-19.

Jaeger, Paideia Ox- (New York: EW.

I. and again for an opinion on each phase of his performance: "Is this all ford University Press, 1943),

right?""What do I do now?"And he might reach the point where he ""So Alma 58:40, "... to keep his

says: "Now you finish it for me."In childhood, and in the learning statutes, and his judgments, and his comprocess, this we understand. But it is priceless to find a person who will mandments continually,"and Helaman

take responsibility, who will finish and follow through to the final detail 3:20.occurs Thoughin consistent"statutescombinationand judgments"in Deu-

—to know when someone has accepted an assignment that it will be teronomy, for the most part "statutes"

effectively, conscientiously completed. But when halffinished assignoccurs alone in the Old Testament. In the

ments keep coming back—to check on, to verify, to edit, to interrupt Book of Mormon (where it occurs 13

the and Sea Scrolls, howDead to take repeated thought, attention—obviously and someone it occurs alone. never has failed times)ever,67 the doctrine to follow of completed work. There is much competition, Danielou, Sea Scrolls The Dead J.

much technology, much need for training, for knowledge, experience, and Primitive Christianity (New York:

81. Books, p. Mentor Omega 1958), decisions, leadership; the judgment, need for best and honest much

is in well they succeeded ""How shown reattention efforts of us to needless reshuffling problems, all. And every cit., I, 2021. op. Goodenough,

of papers, redoing of projects once assigned and supposedly solved is Damascus Covenant, iv, 2; Battle

wasteful and worrisome. The doctrine of completed work requires not Scroll, iii, 20f.

is the the which 70Enos John name It character. requires requires skills, but also and only the knowledge

it is himself; Baptist discussed gave by

responsibility, to to take to willingness discipline ourmake decisions, II, Eisler, Basileus, R. 36, Jesous 42, 26,

selves to pursue good purposes, not only partly, but to see them through 76, 107, etc. According to Jewish trato a realized result so that we can close the file on that particular part dition, John the Baptist was the greator project or compartment, then go to the next opportunity and effort thegreatgrandsongreat-greatgrandsonof Zadok, who ofin turnZadok,was

without too many unfinished tasks too long hanging over our heads. He Tha'labi.

that endures to the end shall be saved—but he who both endures and 71Under the title Visio Zenez (Kenaz),

does what he should, shall find the greater return and satisfaction, as the fragments appear in M. R. James,

he puts into practice the doctrine of completed work. Apocrypha(Cambridge),Anecdota,II, 3 (1893),Texts and179.StudiesThe

fact that this Zenes is the father of Oth- "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia niel puts him right in the midst of the

Broadcasting System, May 23, 1965. Copyright 1965. Qumran tradition.

7Q4 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

L,

What's so traditional about the Hammond Grand 100 Organ?

When we say the Hammond Grand 100 Organ is conform to the highest traditions and requirements.

built to conform to the purest concepts of traditional Voicing, balance, reverberation and volume in each organ architecture, this is what we mean division are adjustable.

The Hammond Grand 100 is a totally straight In short, you won't find anything on the Hammond organ. It has no duplexing or borrowing; each of the Grand 100 that is not traditional in function or con50 stops is separately derived and has a tone quality cept. There are no dial controls, no blowing devices,

unique unto itself. no cheating or compromise with tradition.

The Grand 100 incorporates an antiphonal division Don't take our word for it. Play it. Appreciate its

entirely independent of the main organ. Not merely an response. Test its tonal versatility—its completeness.

echo organ or switching arrangement, it is an ancillary Write today. We'll help you arrange to play a Grand

division in the truest sense of the word and can be 100 and send you complete specifications.

played from the swell, great or pedal keyboards to HAMMOND ORGAN COMPANY simulate the performance of a pipe organ in which the r antiphonal organ consists of separate ranks of pipes. Hammond4200 West OrganDiverseyCompanyAvenue ie 8-46

The Grand 100 has in its specifications traditional Chicago, Illinois 60639 church organ percussions located on the great—Please send me complete information about the new

chimes, note 25 harp which and to G, can G be stallationGrand 100nearestOrganme.plusTherethe nameis no costand addressor obligation.of the inceleste. as to 4'Intraplayed a and coupled harp

manual and intermanual couplers function exactly as Name.

they do on traditional organs. Mixtures, separately

derived, not borrowed, from the mutation stops are Address.

provided on each manual using pitches up to the 26th.

The ensemble of the Grand 100 is not diminished City -Stateby its vast range of solo voices. Each possesses its own

distinctive tone. All the controls, including the comChurch.

bination action, the sforzando piston, the two expresMusic's most glorious voice...

sion pedals, the crescendo pedal and the toe pistons HAMMOND ORGAN

Music's most valuable franchise

AUGUST iS65 705 These I Will Make My Rulers ever been able to receive eternal pelled to occupy the position to called? basis they I do other have been than which on any (Continued from page 691) blessings of any, to the do you?"(JD, that of adherence not know commandthe hand of the Lord. He said in ments of God and by faithfully 22, 7-8.)

a revelation to Joseph Smith and following the teachings of his Is it not probable that Oliver

Sidney Rigdon: servants. Cowdery was foreordained to as-

"And I have sent forth the fulThe right of free agency is as sist in bringing forth the work of ness of my gospel by the hand of evident in the lives of individuals the Lord in these latter days? Did

my servant Joseph; and in weakin the Church today as it has ever he have to do what he did? No, he

ness have I blessed him; been, either here on earth or in the did not. And when he got to a

"And I have given unto him the council in heaven prior to earth point in his life where he ceased to keys of the mystery of those things life. The same proposition faces accept with full purpose of heart

which have been sealed, even men today as has always faced the work to which he had been things which were from the founthem, "If thou doest well, thou called, he began to falter and dation of the world, and the shalt be accepted. And if thou finally separated himself from his

lieth at raised well, sin the brethren, the not Lord and up this doest shall from things which come posistead, his 5:23.) door,. even another in.."(Moses Hyrum The coming, the time time until of my

if he abide in me, and if not, tion in which we find ourselves was Smith, whom he designated as a another will I plant in his stead."well expressed by President John prophet, seer, and revelator to

(Ibid., 35:1718.) Taylor when he said: stand with Joseph Smith even as

Note the words "if he abide in "We received the gospel; was Oliver Cowdery had been privime."This admonition and warning any one forced to obey it? Was leged to do previously. (See D&C

could well have served to warn there any coercion in any possible 124:9195.) Had Oliver Cowdery

Sidney Rigdon of the dangers of been faithful would there have falling from one's position of trust been a need to give the additional as well as to make known to both responsibility to Hyrum Smith?

Patriarch calling as Smith's Hyrum Smith Rigdon Sidney and Joseph HELPER office, but a significant was also fulfil his purcould only that God poses through Joseph Smith when BY ETHEL JACOBSON because of the falling away of and if the Prophet should abide in Oliver Cowdery, it was necessary the powers give to unto another if the Prophet that Lord, the and swept and dusted. mother My held, privileges and he once and in Lord, to the abide not able too. was the dishes She washed

another would be appointed in his She made the beds and these were conferred upon Hyrum stead. Baked some beans Smith.

At still a later date, when some And sewed new buttons The fact that Abraham, Jereother Smith, or any miah, Joseph false claims were by some made jeans On mu not does person was foreordained to purported be revelators, who the bath mat blue. dyed And

the Lord gave further witness to She even iced some cookies. mean that he was predestined to

Foreordination things. do certain that of elders the Church the you know when she was JoAnd

individual that the was ormeans the the Prophet was Smith seph through?

one to whom the revelations for By half past three right on the dot, dained to attain unto certain posiwork; a certain or tions accomplish given and be the there, Church would I helped 'Cause and I was

it, to do not have does he but ".. shall apelse. that be none lot a

it. to choose do rather must he it gift... this except unto be pointed the cookies. Specially with

through him; for if it be taken from Everyone has this right of choice.

him he shall not have power except God was able to observe that certo appoint another in his stead."tain ones of his children were more

(Ibid., 43:4. ) If for any reason the determined to follow his counsel

Prophet had not continued faithful, way manifested toward us? Not and more obedient to his comso that the Lord could use him to that I know of. Was Oliver Cowmandments than others and, on

fulfil his purposes, the Lord would dery, who was the second Elder this basis, certain ones were forehave been under the necessity of in the Church, obliged to receive ordained to positions of responsiappointing another in his stead. this Gospel? No, he was not. Was bility. But it would be foolish for

Many men in the Church have Hyrum Smith obliged to receive it? anyone to claim that he could not

significant promises given to them No, he was not. Were any of the fall from a position to which he had

by the patriarchs of the Church. In witnesses to the Book of Mormon—been foreordained unless he fulsome instances rather specific the Whitmers and others? No. And filled the responsibility in a satispromises are made while others are after they did identify themselves factory manner. Life is based upon

general and become specifically with this Church, were they comthe operation of free agency. We

identified in a call to a position or pelled to stay in it? No. Have any must remember that whenever we

positions in the Church only as the of the members of the Quorum of choose to do good, we also choose brother proves himself worthy to the Twelve, the Seventies, the not to do evil and, conversely, receive the promised blessings. All High Priests, or the members of when we choose to do evil, we

these promises are made on the the High Councils, or the Presichoose not to do good. We cancondition of faithfulness on the dents of the Seventies, or any class not keep rejecting the good without

part of the individual. None has of men in the Church, been comforfeiting the blessings, but we can

706 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

NEW AMERICAN TEMPERANCE PLAN

'100PAYS WEEKLY..

! even for life to Nondrinkers and NonSmokers

At last—a new kind of hospitalization plan for you thousands who realize drinking and

smoking are harmful. Rates are fantastically low because "poor risk"drinkers and smokers are excluded. Since your health is superior there is no age limit, no physical examination, no waiting period. Only you can cancel your policy. No salesman will ever call.

Starting the first day you enter any hospital, you will be paid $14.28 a day.

sickness, of hospitalization caused use by or drink do smoke not You THIS TODAY! DO

else narcotics. everything liquor or On Fill right application mail below out and for so pay premiums why fully low amazingly you're protected—at will policy approval, your away. be Upon those do? who rates! begins mailed. at Coverage promptly noon see in your day newspaper youEvery policy. of date deyour Don't on effective loss for 3. benefits that evidence drinking smoking and Othermore lay. people enter almost 50,000 Every day

life. of America's They'reshorten one now of 90 accident days within hospitals. protection get now. your Soleading health cause prime problems—a in policy). $2000 (as described pay We hospitalirates the highof most premium cash accidental death. for Or $2000 cash

policies charge.zation foot, of sight or for loss of one hand, one GUARANTEE MONEYBACK

for carefully. loss policy your eye. of cash Read overyour minboth Ask one $6000 Or are rates based your on Our ister, doctor sure lawyer examine and Be feet. eyes, hands, or both both

it it provides what exactly say Then, towe health, superior all satisat not are if for reason you any 100%does.it.

as nonsmoker. nondrinker a and to The back just policy us within fied, mail your 30 invite close comparison We

will immediately endays refund your and we HospitalizaAmerican Temperancenew plan. other with any tire questions asked. premium. can You No offer unbelievablytion Plan can you

.. dollars risk gain thousands nothing..you of is like ours. other comlow Actually, But no drinkersrates because not accept do we save. rates. See what you pare rates. Also, smokers, high causeand who

your premiums can never be raised because you grow older or have too many TEAR OUT AND MAIL TODAY BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE claims. Only a general rate adjustment

affect or low rates. could your downup

policy. only can cancel your youAnd We ApplicationExecutiveto BuckinghamOffices, Libertyville,Life InsuranceIllinoisCompany AT100cannot.

READ YOUR AMERICAN AMERICAN TEMPERANCE HOSPITALIZATION POLICY

TEMPERANCE PLAN BENEFITS Name (PLEASE PRINT) 1. You receive $100 cash weekly CountyStreet or RD -City..State. -Zip.

TAX FREEeven for life, Age Date of Birth.

from the first day you enter a hospital. Month Day Year

Good in any hospital in the world. We pay Occupation Height.Weight

in addition to any other insurance you Beneficiary.Relationship.

carry. We send you our payments Air I also apply for coverage for the members of my family listed below:

Mail Special Delivery so you have cash NAME AGE HEIGHT WEIGHT BENEFICIARY BIRTH DATE on hand fast. No limit on number of times

you collect. 2.

2, Sickness and accidents are covered. 4.

pregnancy,except any act of war or milibelief, and of are best and the you all members your knowledge service, accidents preexistingtary free Yes or disease? physical impairment, from any or Toand

of have No Qlistedlistedhadabovemedicalin goodadvicehealthor the above or any best you knowledge, your member To

IMPORTANT: include your first premium with application. treatment, or have you or they been advised to have a surgical operation in the last five years?

give details please stating person affected, cause, date, name and address Q If so;

fully recovered. LOOK AT THESE ofYesattendingNo physician, and whether

AMERICAN TEMPERANCE LOW RATES Pay Monthly Pay Yearly

Each adult 1959 pays $080 $38 Neither I nor any person listed above uses tobacco or alcoholic beverages, and I hereby apply

Each adult 6069 pays $590 $59 forpriora topolicyits effectivebased ondate,the andunderstandingthat the policythat istheissuedpolicysolelydoes andnot entirelycover conditionsin relianceoriginatingupon the written answers to the above questions.

Each adult 70100 pays $790 $79 Date Signed: X

child Each under ond pays 18 $980 m ATIATMail this application with your first premium to 3286

SAVE TWO MONTHS PREMIUM BY PAYING YEARLY! AMERICAN TEMPERANCE ASSOCIATES, Inc., Box 131, Libertyville, Illinois

continue rejecting the evil and, Mormon were separated from the unworthy. I can truthfully say that

thus, obtain the blessings. The Church by official action. All of from October, 1882, until FebruLord has said, "I, the Lord, am these and other men in the early ary, 1883, that spirit followed me

bound when ye do what I say; but days of the Church exercised their day and night, telling me that I

when ye do not what I say, ye have right of choice with respect to their was unworthy to be an Apostle of no promise."(Ibid., 82:10.) One conduct in the Church. No other the Church, and that I ought to

cannot continue to break the person was responsible for their resign. When I would testify of my

commandments of God and expect lack of dedication except themknowledge that Jesus is the Christ, the Lord's promises to be fulfilled. selves. When individuals are forethe Son of the Living God, the ReBut one who keeps the commandordained to an office or when deemer of mankind, it seemed as

ments of God may know that he blessings are promised to them as though a voice would say to me:

will be fully rewarded by the they are set apart to fulfil a par- 'You lie! You lie! You have never

Lord. God can foresee that his ticular responsibility or when they seen Him.'

children will act in certain ways receive a patriarchal blessing and President Grant continued by under given conditions, which conare promised special blessings by stating that one time while he was ditions he can also foresee, but on the Navajo Indian reservation because God can foresee these with several others of the brethren, things does not cause them to hapUSELESS TEARS he found occasion to be alone and pen. We are all confronted each that during that time the following

day with the proposition of how BY DRAKE EVANS experience took place:

we will perform in keeping the "... I seemed to see, and I

commandments of God, and there A small, bitter drip of pain seemed to hear, what to me is one is no force or coercion upon man. squeezed from aching eyes of the most real things in all my

He is a free agent to choose for slithers down the burning cheeks life. I seemed to hear the words

himself. to where it stops and dries. that were spoken. I listened to the

From the beginning the Lord discussion with a great deal of inhas protected man in his right to Until another, larger still, terest. Trie First Presidency and

make his own decisions and has close beside it falls, the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles not interfered with this right nor trying in vain to reach the breast had not been able to agree on two will he. Each of his children from wherein the sad heart calls. men to fill the vacancies in the

the beginning has conducted his Quorum of the Twelve. There had

life upon the principle of freedom Slowly along their moistened path been a vacancy of one for two of choice, and each one has and the glistening droplets glide years, and a vacancy of two for will become what he is to be reaching farther, trying to help one year, and the conferences had through the choices he makes. the mournful soul inside. adjourned without the vacancies

Many men and women are called being filled. In this council the

to positions in this Church, and Faster they fall, more and more Savior was present, my father blessings are pronounced upon trying to heal the pain, [Jedediah M. Grant] was there,

their heads with respect to the but meager tears cant soothe and the Prophet Joseph Smith was particular calling, but the blessing the soul there. They discussed the question

that is given is promised on the or future goals attain. that a mistake had been made in

basis of the faithfulness of the innot filling those two vacancies and dividual. The Lord has said: No, tears of sorrow and bitter grief that in all probability it would be

"Behold, there are many called, don't help the heart of man, another six months before the but few are chosen. And why are but courage, strength, unending Quorum would be completed. And

they not chosen? love, they discussed as to whom they

"Because their hearts are set so and faith are all that can. wanted to occupy those positions,

much upon the things of this and decided that the way to world, and aspire to the honors of remedy the mistake that had been men, that they do not learn this the patriarch, the fulfilment is almade in not filling these vacancies one lesson—ways dependent upon the faithfulwas to send a revelation. It was

"That the rights of the priesthood ness of the individual. given to me that the Prophet

are inseparably connected with the President Heber J. Grant had a Joseph Smith and my father menpowers of heaven, and that the spiritual experience in his life tioned me and requested that I be

powers of heaven cannot be conwhich taught him that the percalled to that position. I sat there

trolled nor handled only upon the formance of the individual is alland wept for joy. It was given to

principles of righteousness."(Ibid., important when he has been me that I had done nothing to

121:3436.) foreordained or called to perform a entitle me to that exalted position,

Three Counselors in the First certain work. He remarked with except that I had lived a clean,

Presidency during the term of respect to his calling as an Apostle sweet life. It was given to me that

Joseph Smith and over onehalf of of the Lord Jesus Christ that: because of my father's having

the members of the first Quorum "There are two spirits striving practically sacrificed his life in of the Twelve Apostles for one with us always, one telling us to what was known as the great reforreason or another did not prove continue our labor for good, and mation, so to speak, of the people faithful to their calling. All three one telling us that with the faults in early days, having been pracof the witnesses to the Book of and failings of our nature we are tically a martyr, that the Prophet

708 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FROM TO HERE HERE

HEAR JOE JOHNSON

TO 6 A.M. TO 8:30 A.M. HERE

If you start your day with Joe Johnson—it'll DIAL 1160

be a better day because you did! This

engaging personality will make rising in the morning a little easier... your breakfast KS

a little better... your ride to work more

enjoyable... the day ahead brighter. BROADCAST HOUSE

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

AUGUST 1965 709

Preserve the Inspiration of

it position, that have and me to improvement Era Joseph and my father desired faithful their of labors because was

In Beautifully Bound Volumes thatof anythingI was called,I had anddonenotofbecausemyself or any great thing that I had acThe Mountain West's finest bindery and complished. It was also given to

printing house is prepared to bind your me that that was all these men, the collected Improvement Era's into fine Prophet and my father, could do hard cover volumes. Mail or bring the for me. From that day it depended

editions you wish bound to the Deseret upon me and upon me alone as to

News Press. whether I made a success of my

life: or a failure.

12 issues in hard cover $3.90. Advance 'There is a law, irrevocably depayment must accompany all orders creed in heaven before the foundaPlease include postage if volumes are tions of this world, upon which all

to be returned by mail. blessings are predicated—

"'And when we obtain any blessPOSTAGE RATE FROM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH ing from God, it is by obedience

Zone 5 1.05 to that law upon which it is

1 & 2 65 6 1.20 predicated.'(D&C 130:2021.)

1.40 3 75 7 "It say, as I given to me, was

8 1.60 85 4

it that depended me."upon now

(Alma P. and Clea M. Burton,

Stories from Mormon History, pp.

2931.

To repeat President Grant's words, "It was given to me, as I say, that it now depended upon 1600 Empire Road me."So it is with us all. OpporSalt Lake City, Utah tunities come to us, but the outcome all depends upon us. We may

exercise our free agency and make our decisions to follow the leaderHAVE MORE TIME FOR ship of the Lord and his servants thereby and be blessed may or we YOUR CHILDREN WHEN reject of the the counsel servants YOU STUDY AT. of the Lord and lose the blessings

that might have been received. HOME. The Lord revealed to Abraham

that following the preparation of the earth, man would be placed it, and he made the statePlease send upon ment, "And we will prove them Free herewith, to see if they will do all

HOME STUDY thingsGod shallwhatsoevercommandthethem."Lord (Abr.their

Catalog to... 3:25.)says, "WeThis willmeansproveexactlythemwhathereit

NAME with."No person has claim upon

the blessings of the Lord unless he

ADDRESS proves himself worthy of those blessings. No man or woman, even

though he may have been foreCITY ordained to hold certain positions or perform certain works, can STATE claim the blessings that pertain to

HOME STUDY, Brigham Young University, that foreordination unless the perProvo, Utah son merits those blessings through faithful obedience to the laws and ordinances of the gospel and folthe lows leadership of those who

Little Giant Hotomatic 25TH ANNIVERSARY preside affairs direct the and of 3 Heater No. Water Gas Droke, Founder Maxwell QUOTE

all the Lord's Will supply the hot water work. President AsInvaluable layleaders. for clergymen and Each

Baptistries, needed for Church 21 cover readers books, than 250 moreweek Grant pointed obtain out, when we Kitchens, Rest Heats Rooms. to timelymagazines newspapers gather and

20 in rise temperaGPH, fresh 450quotations, anecdotes humorous and it any blessing from heaven is by ture. for free folders Write on forstories Free Sample. QUOTE.

YEAR ONE MAGAZINE,(Regularly $9.50)P.O. NOWBox 683$8.00 tistries,water heaters,spires. Fiberglass BapQUOTE

Dept. A, Anderson, S. C. 29622 LITTLE GIANT MFG. CO.

907 7th Street, Orange, Texas 7tO THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

"obedience to that law upon which it is predicated,"and that in his case, once the appointment was made, it all depended upon him. ROYAL w/palm tabulator, OLYMPIA Long Carriage UNDERWOOD, completely

The Lord is proving us day by fully reconditioned: $119.50 Port, w/case new: $149.50 automatic. Special: $89.50

day as he has proved his children in all times. We have full opportunity to live the celestial law and

become citizens of the great celestial kingdom where God and Christ dwell, or we can forfeit that great blessing and privilege for all eternity. The decision is ours, and REMINGTON Super, w/features ROYAL KMG only 4 models I.B.M. only one model

we are under the obligation of found on $270.00 mach.: $89.50 from being new: $99.50 from being new: $279.00

determining what the outcome shall be. Each day that we live we

are moving either toward or away from our eternal goal. Good and L—ifl—, "*t4 J

evil are ever present, and the decision is up to us. No one forces us

to do good nor does anyone force us to do evil. President Wilford SMITHCORONA, almost new, REMINGTON KMC full featured SMITHCORONA 215, all

Woodruff stated: (save $120.00) Priced: $139.00 and rugged: $59.50 electric, and it's new: $202.00

"I want to say to my brethren—

and what I say to them I take to up, should wakemyself—we we Over 200

to see, our our eyesshould open ears to hear, and we should open Long Carriage ourour hearts to understand apGenealogical Typewriters position before thepointment and for Saints, if, as LatterdayLord; lose to select from to are stop praying, goingwe

the light of the Holy Ghost, and turn to the beggarly elements of the world, the Lord will have to ELECTRICS STANDARDS PORTABLES NEW AND USED ofsay out way, to us—'Get my my

.. in Drop browse and limited for We're space thwarted';purposes cannot and be selecthrough our wide... or we could show raise else to will all somebodyhe reof up tion models, you more many new with conditioned new this work."18, 115.)perform (JD including machines, $59 50—machine guarantees... $39 50 portables new deProphet Smith from The Joseph

... from clared: "God did elect or predestinate, that all those who would be

saved, should be saved in Christ

Jesus, and through obedience to Mail the Gospel; but he passes over no SCHREYER'S ordersman's sins, but visits them with

promptlycorrection, and if his children will TYPE RIGHT,iSSTOREfftffffigaai not repent of their sins he will YOUR OetpHfua DEALER filled.

discard them."(DHC 4, 359360.)

3289726 We may be called to positions 28 WEST FIRST SOUTH of responsibility in the Church, but to be chosen we must keep the of the commandments Lord w ti duties the faithfully performandwhich are associated with our BURNED OUT calling. Neither the foreknowledge

of God nor the foreordination of REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY the individual will be sufficient in live,itself for one's exaltation. And in A fire may mean you are out of a place to

our future existence it is probable with tremendous added expense before you find that the Lord will say to those who another.

have faithfully performed their Let us explain your need for ample insurance duties in this life as he did to to cover today's higher values.

Abraham and others prior to their birth into mortality, "These I will make my rulers."UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

AUGUST 1965 711,r. -., s

fgCr1 a

....: \., r?: *:%R*

-m r *. gf. <, an.

I i**\ai3*'jc

i-..i

;v:

PR|*] >

,Kh** m |M t '# * il '.1. V\ It 1... SapIKf&r a

V %jBm-*E*:#*ii

>$* - 1 E*>

a;HE )MPf*qVEMENT ERA

of Montana in a breeze, the corn fields of Iowa, the wide sweep of the prairies of Alberta, the sapphire beauty of Lake Louise, the deep woods of Maine and its storm swept seacoast, or the quiet mists of the Margaree Valley on Cape Breton Island—we could

go on and on, all over the world. No child would

have any trouble discovering the matchless glory of our Heavenly Father when these are pointed out by an earthly father.

There are many families which cannot go far enough from home to see these wonders, but indeed they need not. The fatherhood of man is an embryo of

the Fatherhood of God. Fathers may do such common

things as play ball, take walks, enjoy moonlight hikes,Summertime cook hot dogs, or sit around campfires, to achieve something reserved only for fathers, if they do it with their children and enter into the child's world in Is Family the process.

There will continue to be study of the formal lessons during the summer. Why not do the next half dozen Home Evening outof-doors by a small campfire? Can anyone fail

to be lifted by "Love at Home"or "For the Strength of the Hills"as the fire lights youthful faces, each lime reflecting parental enthusiasm. The lessons are genCanyons with their cool evening breezes playing erally stories. Why not transfer these to the magic spot

ethereal music through the needles of fir and spruce, created by all campfires and, when finished, add lakes with their kaleidoscopic variety of changing others to them—others which give meaning to the

scenery as the boat churns its way into ever new tragedy, exaltation, faith, and works of those who vistas, campfires with their flickering flames lighting crossed the plains and who often forgot their troubles up the faces of young and old—all of these give added by the magic of the fire as they sang and danced their

incentive to add variety to the Family Home Evening cares away.

during the summer months. If this is done, there will grow a new meaning, a

Somehow the lessons concerning our relation to our new bond between parents and children. It is quite

Father in heaven take on deeper meaning at the right possible for children to learn of the love of Christ time during the family excursion into the spots unby experiencing the love of parents. They can better

spoiled by man. One has said that no poem is as understand his sacrifice for them if they know somelovely as a tree, but sometimes it is necessary to point thing about the inner thoughts of their own parents

out the beauty and wonder of this product of the concerning them. Fires outof-doors tie families tobounty of God to the unseeing of this generation. gether with bands stronger than steel—stronger than

Surely no monument raised by man can match the life or death.

sheer rise of the cliffs at Glen Canyon or the splendor The home evenings spent with the children outof- of the variety of stone structures in Monument Valley doors in the summertime will enlarge the feeling of or the grace of the Rainbow Natural Bridge. love which should be with the family as it sits before

Nor does the desert hold all of the masterpieces of its own fire in the wintertime. And more often than

the handiwork of nature inspired by heaven. Consider not the family will play at being in those choice

the canyons of the giant redwoods of California, Mt. haunts of last summer as the heat from the crackling

Shasta by moonlight, the undulating buffalo grass fire warms their hands and their hearts.

AUGUST 1965 713 If flil fra ";-:,a

un M\l 11 E ',,".:..:...:........,..-r:--

of our ability can we achieve real joy in our acoi complishments. Whenever I can, I want to direct my I Mi/0 d ldkp<- efforts in pursuit of what is best for me.

Fred William Erickson, born July 22, 1947, at Ontario, Oregon, I have three goals in life which I feel to be the is and of President the son Mrs. most important steps towards attaining the ultimate

Erickson of Albin Nyssa Dehlin

Stake. The family are members of goal—the celestial kingdom and the realization of

Ward. In Ontario Second the May eternal life. Both the Church and my parents have from graduated he was 1965

Ontario High School as an honor helped me establish these goals, and the accomplishof the student and a member life. will ment of these goals is of prime importance in my National Society. He Honor

attend Brigham Young University They are: a good education, a mission, and a temple

and participate in the Honors marriage.

Program.

Fred is an Eagle Scout and is The vast and overwhelming complexity of this of as president now serving Extechnical age makes the ability to use our brains as plorer Post 425. been. He has

secretary of the YMMIA and has well as our muscles a greater necessity every day.

received his Duty to God award. FRED W. ERICKSON I am thankful to those who taught me the importance

The Boy Scout oath expresses one of the attitudes of mental work. I have felt the joy of its rewards.

I have always been encouraged to maintain. It says, During my junior and senior years in high school, I

"On my honor I will do my best...."I believe that have worked at a parttime job which has taught me

only through hard work and performing to the best the necessity of physical work and at the same time

I- of the Tower of Babel? They came in ships like subanswered iVU/)Ji&OGary D. Hinton was born in marines, using special stones for light He

Logan, Utah, on June 13, 1950, "no"to both questions. But he did say he would like

California, lived in Duarte, but has are Delto find out about those in the submarines who used His parents 1951. since

mar and Juanita Hinton. Gary is stones for light. That night was MIA, and I made sure

in a currently freshman high there was money in my pocket to purchase a copy of is student. an honor school and

He is president of the teachers the Book of Mormon for my teacher.

in the Monrovia quorum Ward, Our priesthood assignment is to read the Book of Stake, and has earned Pasadena three Aaronic Priesthood CertifiMormon. I've read only about half of it, and yet I

of cates Achievement.

is an Eagle Scout, has believe that it is true, and this is why I want to tell Gary served as patrol leader, senior other people. It would greatly strengthen my testipatrol leader, and den chief. He

is presently an Explorer and is mony to see my teacher converted, and I'm sure that looking forward to going on a GARY D. HINTON he would be very thankful for having been shown the mission.

truth, because I do believe it is the truth and want to

My social studies teacher at high school is a very intell others.

telligent and welleducated person. A couple of months My experience continued as I gave him the book

ago, I stayed after class because I wanted to talk to and showed him the references for the two stories. He

him. I had some important questions to ask. Did he said, "I have other books I must read first—some

know that there was a family that came across to long ones on psychology for a class I am taking. I'll

America from Jerusalem? Then I told him that the probably get to reading this one by the end of

American Indians are descendants of this family. Did summer."

he know that another family came across at the time The next day I asked the "Golden Questions."Then

714 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA enlarged my college and mission fund. I have also temple marriage. And when I go to the temple, I

learned to budget my time and have realized how want to be sealed for time and all eternity to the little of it we have here on earth. best and most perfect girl I can find. I expect her to

When I am old enough I shall plan to go on a feel the same way about me, so I realize the impormission. This conviction has been a part of my plans tance of remaining close to the Lord and continually

since I was too young even to know exactly what a trying to perfect myself. I realize I must never waver

mission is. I am thankful to the Lord that I was born in my devotion to maintaining the standards and obeyinto the gospel, and I know that one of the best ways ing the teachings the gospel gives us.

to show my thanks is to serve a mission. I believe The thirteenth article of faith states: "We believe

there is a time and place for everything of importance in being honest, true, chaste, benevolent, virtuous, and in life; and when a young man in our Church becomes in doing good to all men;... If there is anything

nineteen years old, the place for him is on a mission. virtuous, lovely, or of good report or praiseworthy,

I know that The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday we seek after these things."If we are seeking eternal

Saints is the only true Church on earth and that its life, this is our guideline. The gospel of Christ and

message and teachings are those of Jesus Christ, the the commandments and teachings we receive through

Son of God and the Savior of the world. It is our it must come first. The Savior himself said, "... seek ye

honor, privilege, and duty to carry this message to first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness;..."

those who have not heard it. If we do this, then shall all else be added unto us, and

When I am married, I want nothing but the bestwe shall receive full and everlasting joy. This I believe.

: "::< '': "'''",: ''"':: ':: '';.::;:,.. A"";": '"..,,.

I found he had at one time lived near Palmyra, New he said he would be sure to begin reading the book.

York. Yes, he had heard of the Mormons, had the I had another idea to share with my teacher, one

opportunity of seeing the pageant, and had talked with that might help prove that the ancestors of the Indians one of the other teachers at school who is LDS. The came from Jerusalem. I said, "Take a good look at an

second question, "Do you want to know more?"was Indianhead nickel. If you compare the nose of the

a failure. Or was it? His wife has strong convictions Indian with the nose of the people of Israel, you will

in her church, and so does he. But he repeated, "I find that they are the same."He asked why I picked

will read the book."the Indian on the nickel instead of some other source.

About a month later my opportunity came again At that time I didn't know, but later I remembered as we talked together following a class discussion of that my Sunday School teacher had said, "To get the the American Indians. I told him again that the Book picture of the Indian, they compared many Indians

of Mormon tells how the people came across the waters and then took the common features for the image on and later became known as the Indians. He wanted to the coin."My teacher agreed to look at the nickel and

know why it was not recorded in the history books. again said, "I will read the book."

Just then the LDS teacher walked in, and I was glad to During the time of this experience, I have thought let him finish the discussion as I went on to my next a great deal about these things and talked to my class. mother several times. We decided I have done the

A couple of days later, my teacher was telling the right thing. I can only present the Book of Mormon to

students that there was another group of people that my teacher; he has to make the decision whether to

came before the Indians. Later, I told him that the accept it. I think he will read it and understand the

people he was talking about were the family that wonderful message, history, and meaning of this book.

came across at the time of the Tower of Babel. Again, This I believe.

"'*>..'.. 3''..::"..... S'v:vv;-::v;TV*>-S""''.;,,. *: r >*-:il*

AUGUST 1965 715 r

TODAY'S FAMILY FLORENCE B. PINNOCK Healthy Bodies EDITOR

"Mother, what do turtles eat to grow such hard Meat Group shells?""Why is Jim's daddy six foot five?""What has

Sue done all her life so that at sixteen she has no Foods: Beef, veal, pork, lamb, liver, heart, kidney,

cavities?""Jane seldom has a cold; what is her secret?"poultry, eggs, fish, and as alternates dry beans, lentils,

A mother would be wiser than Solomon if she could dry peas, nuts, and peanut butter. Choose two or more

answer these questions correctly. But there is no reason servings of these foods every day. Serve 2 or 3 ounces

why any mother should not know how to feed her of the meat, fish, or poultry without bone, 2 eggs, children so that they will be well nourished. What 1 cup cooked beans, peas, or lentils, and about 4

a feeling of satisfaction it gives to look at your boys tablespoons of peanut butter to make one serving.

and girls and see sturdy bodies, rosy cheeks, good posture, bright eyes, and alert reactions. You should be VegetableFruit Group

commended; you have seen to it that they have received good, nourishing food. Always remember that Foods: All fruits and vegetables are included in this

there is safety in variety, especially if the variety area. Emphasize those that are valuable sources of

comes from all four basic food areas. This daily food vitamin C and vitamin A. Choose four or more servguide was developed by the Institute of Home ings every day. Be sure to include one serving of a

Economics of the United States Department of Agrigood source of vitamin C such as grapefruit, orange, culture. It gives choice and variety while still ascantaloupe, broccoli, green pepper. Also include, at

suring a balanced diet. least every other day, one serving of a fruit or vegetable that is a good source of vitamin A, such as darkBread-Cereal Group green and deepyellow vegetables and a few fruits

such as apricots, cantaloupes, persimmons. Count as

Foods: All breads and cereals that are whole grain, one serving Yz cup of vegetable or fruit.

enriched, or restored; crackers, grits, macaroni,

noodles, spaghetti, rice. Choose four servings or more Milk Group

daily. One slice of bread, one ounce readyto-eat

cereal, Ya to % cup cooked cereal or macaroni proFoods: All types of milk and cheese. Children should

ducts make one serving. drink 3 or 4 glasses, teenagers 4 or more, adults 2

J \ 716 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Healthy Spirits&

or more glasses a day. Part of this milk may be renourishment. No child is too small to learn right from

placed by cheese, ice cream, milk sauces. Oneinch wrong, to be guided into honesty, truthfulness, and

cube or 1-ounce cheddartype cheese will equal % to be taught to live by the Golden Rule. Cleanliness is

cup milk; Vs. cup cottage cheese is equivalent to Vz as essential in spiritual food as in body foods. Filth

cup milk; and Vz cup ice cream is equal to xk cup milk. can touch the spirit perhaps easier than it can the

Strong bodies are made of wholesome foods conbody. Fathers as well as mothers are responsible in

sumed in the right proportion. feeding the spirits of their children. The parents'

strength of character and their examples are a rich

UNDERNOURISHED SPIRITS source of soul nourishment.

To be strong in body and spirit is a neverending

If, as we look at ourselves and our children, we task. This building or tearingdown process does not

could see our spirits, I wonder how well nourished stop night or day. Eat the right foods, live the right

they would be. Would they be sturdy and strong and principles, and a whole person will be the results.

be able to cope with life and its problems? A malnourished spirit is an invalid, too weak, too listless, too "V"FOR VEGETABLES AND VARIETY

illformed to do anything but pull down the human race. If it were possible for the world to see an underIf yours is a canned corn, canned string bean family,

nourished spirit as it is to see a malnourished body, do something about it right now. There is excitement

I wonder if more would be done to make it healthy. and adventure, as well as good eating, in new fresh

Our spirit, like our body, must receive its nourishment vegetable dishes. Let each menu sing with tantalizing,

from four basic areas. To have a healthy, robust spirit, delicious, seasonal vegetables. Don't cook them by

it is necessary to keep our Heavenly Fathers comcovering each tender morsel in quarts of water and mandments, serve completely when called in the then walking away and letting the vegetable boil to an

Church, obey those in authority, and develop a living unappetizing slush. Vegetable cooking needs your

faith. These four basic areas will nourish the spirit and loving, careful care. The end product should be

make it strong and attractive. These spirit foods are tenderly crisp, colorful, and loaded with vitamins. No

needed from the time of birth throughout life. A one could dislike vegetables prepared the following

mother's loving concern can be the source of this ways.

AUGUST 1965 717

room mixture; toss and blend. Stir V.O in the cream and lemon juice, add

to the cooked limas, sprinkle with the chopped chives. Serve immediately.

Supper Salad ( 8 servings Salad greens i—green drained beans, 1 can Healthy Bodies & Healthy Spirits

into cut.-J V., 1 2 avocados, wedges

4 tomatoes, sliced 4 green onions, thinly sliced 12 radishes, thinly sliced Watercress Stuffed Peppers 1 cup milk 1 cup sliced cooked carrots 6 mediumsized green peppers 1 tablespoon salad oil 1 cup cooked peas

IV2 pounds sausage 1 cucumber, sliced % cup chopped onion Cut off root end of the onions and 1 cup diced cooked beets 2 cups seasoned mashed potatoes slip off the loose skin. Use the stem

1 egg, beaten end as the handle, slice the onion Line the salad bowl with the greens 2 teaspoon paprika about Va inch thick. Separate into and mound the vegetables on top.

Ya teaspoon sage rings. Save end pieces to chop and Garnish with grated cheddar cheese.

Dash of pepper freeze. It is important to use just Serve with an easy creamy dressing

2 tablespoons minced parsley the perfect round rings in this dish. using a mixture of 2 cup sour cream

3 tablespoons grated Parmesan To make the batter, beat the egg and 2 cup French dressing.

cheese until thick and lemon colored. Add

the milk and oil. Stir in the sifted Sprouts Delicious (8 servings)

Remove slices from tops of peppers dry ingredients. Beat until smooth. 2 pounds brussels sprouts

and scoop out the seeds. Cook for It is easiest to fry these rings in a 1 cup chopped onion

4 minutes in boiling, salted water; temperaturecontrolled skillet. Heat 1 cup water chestnuts, sliced

drain. Lightly brown the sausage P/4 to 2 inches of oil to 375 degrees 2 tablespoons butter

and onion. Pour off the drippings. F. With a longhandled fork dip a 2 cups sour cream

Combine all the ingredients and few onion rings at a time into the spoon mixture into the green pepbatter. Be sure each ring is comSteam the sprouts just until tenpers, using approximately 2 cup pletely covered with batter. Let der. Cook the onion and chestnuts

mixture for each pepper. Put 1 drain a second, then drop into the in the butter until slightly browned.

tablespoon of water in each of 6 heated fat. As the rings brown turn Add the sour cream and heat, stirmuffin tins and place the stuffed only once. When golden brown on ring constantly. Do not boil. Mix

peppers in each section. Bake for both sides drain on paper towels. lightly over the sprouts. Sprinkle

30 minutes in a 350 degree F. oven. Serve at once. Can be frozen and with ground pepper and serve.

reheated in oven.

Vegetable Relish Creamed Chipped Beef Luncheon Baby Limas De Luxe (8 servings) 1 cup grated carrots 2 cups medium white sauce 2 packages frozen baby limas 1 cup diced cucumbers 3 ounces chipped beef 1 pound fresh mushrooms 1 cup minced green pepper 2 cups freshly shelled peas or 1 onion, minced 2 cup minced onion 1 package frozen peas 6 stalks celery, sliced diagonally 3 cups chopped cabbage 4 baked potatoes about Vs inch % cup vinegar

Vs pound butter % cup sugar Cook the peas in very little water 2 tablespoons flour 1 tablespoon salt until they are barely tender; add to 2 teaspoon salt 2 teaspoon celery seed

hot white sauce. Tear the chipped 2 teaspoon nutmeg 2 teaspoon dill seed

beef into pieces and crisp in 1 Dash of freshly ground pepper Y< teaspoon coarsely ground pepper tablespoon butter; add to the white % cup cream

sauce and serve spooned over fluffy 1 teaspoon lemon juice Combine the vegetables in a large baked potatoes. Serves 4. 1 tablespoon chopped chives bowl. In a jar combine other ingredients; shake well. Pour dressSpanish Onion Rings Cook the lima beans according to ing over vegetables and let stand

(4 to 5 servings) package directions. Wipe the mushin refrigerator at least 5 hours be-

4 large sweet Spanish onions rooms with a damp cloth. Slice the fore using.

1 cup sifted flour mushrooms and gently saute them 1 teaspoon baking powder with the cut celery and onion in the Vegetables plus Imagination

Yi teaspoon salt butter until all are tender. Mix the

Dash of pepper flour, nutmeg, salt, and pepper toFor a party dinner opener serve 1 egg gether and sprinkle over the mushchilled, jellied consomme in avo718 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA cado halves. Top with a tablespoon

of sour cream and garnish with a sprinkle of paprika. Set in nest of

greens.

For a quick spinach soup, mix 2 cups cooked spinach, 2 cans mushroom soup, onion salt, and pepper to taste. Add milk to thin to desired thickness. Combine in blender,

heat, but do not boil, serve topped with chives.

Mix cooked wild rice or brown rice with mushroom soup. Fill

scoopedout and welldrained tomatoes with mixture, sprinkle lightly with buttered crumbs, and bake for 30 minutes at 350 degrees F.

When in a rush grate carrots and cook for 5 minutes in a small amount of salted water.

Cook sliced celery, chopped onions, and chopped green peppers in canned tomatoes and season to taste.

Try boiling parsnips and when cooked drain, mash, and whip in butter, cream, and minced parsley.

Cook zucchini in tomato juice;

sprinkle with chopped green onions.

To perk up broccoli after it is cooked, pour over melted butter to which have been added ground walnuts, paprika, and coarse pepper.

Cut asparagus on the bias—it

is more attractive. U&l Sugar gives you get up and go!

Season cooked, shredded, red cabbage with vinegar. Serve with m

lemon butter.

For the active outdoor To 2 cups of fresh corn cut off cob, add Vz cup cream, dash of family, the natural food sugar, salt, pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, and 2 tablespoons minced energy in picnic treats Wlbs.

onion. 10 minutes. Simmer with 1 Sugar U made &

or fresh frozen with peas Season vital... is for healthy, I

salt. juice,oregano, and lemon |m1<tf -!'1*1 active bodies! Serve m To make a really tasty dish of U

turnips, cook, mash, and fold in energyhigh U & 1 Sugar mcooked, grated carrots. 1 SUGAR

treats often. enFINE GRANULATEDWRE Try cooking 3 sprigs of fresh

mint with 2 cups of frozen or fresh Buy Energy High U & 1 peas if you want them to taste like """"""""""'"spring. the sugar from our land.

H..;';-if4

AUGUST 1965 719 HOORAY!

A brand new box for our little honeys!

/"""MX

HONEYGRAHAMS

into that dive right and FLIP 'ER Honey Graham JUST OPEN cutting, ripping, tearing, HOME, SWEET HOME punching, peeling, goodness! No

don't chisels needed. You saws or pounding! No knives, outof-doors can add The great have #

! the sides and flip it open to fight it. Just lightly press

to enchantment EveFamily Home ning. Sometime in August on this

Ql special night, plan the activity out- - jS side. Gather around a patio table Pr>

- \ enjoy lesson the a beauand,M for a-fl \ tiful together. evening studying O ***M*r-3m or Play a lawn on the two game

family fun with a and end the 1 l fLW ice sandwich. cream 3 homemade (TO -jB NEW! CRISPLOCK TOP >"H I This dessert is made with two large 5* M

plates, ice cream. There will be nom sugar cookies enclosing a layer of HONEY GRAHAMS &L Tj \ or other utensils to bother spoons,

LOCKS CLOSED! Just STORES IN ANY POSIREAL SWEETHEARTS. with, but it would be best to tuck

tap the top and it locks TION. Tidy! How about Naturally sweet. Made a paper napkin around each sanditself up! Clever those grahams inside.... with gobs of real honey. wich for easy eating.

Sugar Cookies

1 cup butter So let our new Crisp Lock 2 cups sugar in to your send YOU Top Who are the Kitchen Rich people? 4 eggs, well beaten store. for the Honey Ask

Grahams from the Kitchen 1 teaspoon salt 4 teaspoons baking powder Rich people. SUPREME

(of course!) 2 teaspoons vanilla

2 or 3 tablespoons milk 3 cups flour

IT! RENT CAN eggs, the butter, add sugar, Cream ITEMSSICK PARTY ROOM

vanilla, milk, with and flour mixed WHEAT MILL YOU CONSTRUCTION

ONLY the baking powder and salt. Add

a if needed to make consistency. Drop $695 HOWE RENTS morethick dropdoughmilk

POSTPAID SALES AND RENTALS from tablespoon onto a greased ANYWHERE

IN THE sheet. small Press cookie with I down SALT LAKE CITY BOUNTIFUL STATES UNITED

So. 4860055 State 500 640 2375 glass West plate large that or been has

grinds or Cracks 2-0684 IN FA NEVADASouth to in granulated sugar dipped corn and make wheat, East 2nd Reno, RENTS Nevada - 1490 - RENO kinds hard of let 4-inch cookie. not a 3- or Do grains, soft orII

'/2 lbs. per min. For the Finest Hawaiian Tours cookies touch each other. Bake

GUARANTEED at 375 degrees F. until lightly

SPECIAL PRICES TO LDS GROUPS Write or phone browned. Remove from pan and

VIDA FOX CLAWSON cool. FBP

PEHRSON HARDWARE 216 S. 13th East Salt Lake City

21 15 So. 1 lth East, Salt Lake City Ph. 3280303

720 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

The Church Moves On Elder Clarence D. Samuelson mission assignment will go his wife

(Continued from page 668) sustained as second counselor to Rachel Wilson Mabey and a daughPresident Henry E. Peterson of ter and a son. Another son is curquorum president, and as a member Bountiful North (Utah) Stake sucrently serving as a missionary in

of a stake high council. His wife ceeding Elder Frank D. Eggett, Germany; their oldest son resides

Laurine Anderson Ensign will acdeceased. in Massachussetts.

company him to the field of labor. Elder Davis R. Roberts sustained

They have three married children. as second counselor to President The First Presidency anWalter H. Hick of Norfolk (Virul nounced the appointment of

Elder Jesse R. Curtis and ginia) Stake succeeding Elder Elder Richard G. Scott as presicounselors Elders Robert L. Robert C. Morris. dent of the North Argentine MisBackman and Joe E. Whitesides sion succeeding President Ronald

sustained as the presidency of Par- V. Stone. At the time of this apleys (Salt Lake City) Stake. They Norwegianborn, noted LDS pointment President Scott is serving

Torleif sculptor Severin Knapas clerk of succeed President the Washington Eldredge, (DC) W. Jay

at his 83, passed away Salt Stake. served his counselors Jr., Elders He in the Uruguayan and Robhus,

Lake City home. Among his works Mission 195053 and has served as ert R. Sonntag and John Farr Larson. are the Hill Cumorah monument a president of seventy and as a

Elder Samuel H. Bailey sustained and the handcart pioneer group on stake missionary. His wife Mrs.

as president of Corvallis (Oregon) Temple Square. Jeanene Watkins Scott and their

Stake succeeding President Hugh three children will accompany him

F. Webb. Counselors sustained The First Presidency anto this mission assignment.

were Elders Ray W. Hardman and nounced the appointment of This was Old Folks Day in Salt

Henry H. Rampton. Elder HardElder Rendell N. Mabey as presiLake City and senior citizens—sevman and President Bailey were dent of the Swiss Mission succeedenty years young and up were

serving as counselors to President ing President John M. Russon. feted. It was the third time in the

Webb. President Mabey is currently servninety-year history of the day that

Elder Irvin M. Brooks sustained ing as president of Bountiful East rain had forced the use of an alteras second counselor to President ( Utah ) Stake and is a former bishop nate plan, the shifting of festivities

Edwin B. Jones of Detroit (Michiof Bountiful Seventeenth Ward. from outside to cultural halls of

gan ) Stake succeeding Elder Newel He served in the GermanAustrian The Church of Jesus Christ of

K. Richardson. Mission 192931. With him to the Latterday Saints.

READY FOR

RATED FIRST over ALL other automatic sewing machines

Getting ready far school with a Bernina it a breeze since it's so easy to sew with the Bernina. And think of all the money you'll save on new clothes while

at the same time satisfy the "creative urge"to make something beautiful. For

the full story on the many benefits the Bernina offers, see your nearest Bernina dealer...

at no obligation..

sendfor a free BERNINA BOOK NEW FROM

Fill in, clip out and mail the coupon below for the free Beautiful fullcolor booklet that BERNINA MAGIC NEEDLE tells the full story of the remarkably versatile and economywise Bernina Sewing FOR BASTING

Machine. Baste op to 15/16"long without attachment or adjustment

Bernina Bernina offers you...

Drivf i Orchard 70 South

Saltj North Lake, Utah 84054 a great Business Opportunity, too! Selected dealerships for the Bernina

At no obligation, would like to receive the full color Bernina Book are available in key market areas... join the progressive Businessmen serving the

on Better sewing Busy Beehive of the homesewing market. Write or call for full particulars today—

NAME

ADDRESS

CITY & STATE PHONE... 70 South Orchard Drive North Salt Lake, Utah Phone 3632515 Area Code 801

AUGUST 1965 721 Your kitchen stays cleaner when you The First Presidency ancalled as an Assistant in October nounced the appointment of 1961. He is a former instructor in

Elder Boyd K. Packer, Assistant to seminaries and coordinator of Inthe Council of the Twelve, as presidian affairs at the Intermountain

dent of the New England States Indian School, Brigham City, Utah. Cfi(ftK Mission succeeding President TruHis wife Donna Smith Packer and

ELECTRIC man G. Madsen. Elder Packer was their nine children will accompany

Nothing is cleaner than a kilowatt—no

products of combusWHERE ELSE BUT HOME

RICHARD L. EVANS

"Every home is perforce a good or bad educational center,"says a source we have before cited. "It does its work in spite of every effort to shrink

or supplement it. No teacher can entirely undo what it does, be that

good or bad."1 "The personal responsibilities which parents assume in

... they should bear

in pull parents See the smart new bringing... these childrenresponsibilitiesinto thewillingly."world are2 Andso greatany homethat 5 where

electric range models two different directions, any home that fails to teach children the solid at your dealer's now. truth and the basic responsibilities of life, any home that fails in service

or sacrifice, or fails to hold the family together is a kind of failure that

If it's electric, it's better! cannot be calculated. "Ask yourselves whether your household is kept

open by pure, refined, unselfish, elevated living,"said Phillips Brooks.

UTAH POWER & LIGHT COMPANY "... In the home, hearts ought to lie nearest and openest to one another."3

There should be an exchange of confidences, understanding, sympathy, patience with problems. Where else can we better be ourselves, or better

understood? Where else could we make mistakes and be so fully forAUTO DECALS given?disappointmentsWhere elseof wouldany day?we Wherebetter goelsewithis soanmuchachingserviceheart,soorunselfishlywith the

in Identify yourself your community given without rules of work, or demands for pay, or even, in a sense, travel. as you the right to quit. Home—where "hearts are of each other sure."4 And the

GOLD & GREEN answers that are being sought in so many other places, in so many other

Available at Church Bookstores in character, respect, faith ways, reverence are found where homes and order to or send check/money loyalty are love in the basis of the lessons learned and tolerance, and

LUCILE'S CERAMICS "Happy will that house be,"said Emerson, "in which the relations life.are

P.O. Box "P"Provo, Utoh formed from character."5 There is no place so strong, so able to absorb,

each postpaid 50c Presidents, etc. no place which gives so much and asks so little, and is entitled to so Bishops, Quorum

Write for quantity discounts much more. "To be happy at home,"said Samuel Johnson, "is the ultimate

results of all ambition."6 And when all else has failed, when all ambitions

are drained away, when there is weariness and disappointment, he is

IT'S SUMMER FUN TIME most lonely who hasn't a home he can count on. As Petronius said many

and also time to make money for that decenturies since: "He that flies from his own family has far to travel."7

pleted Ward, Stake, Mutual or Boy Scout "If I were asked to name the world's greatest need,"said President

Treasure Chest. We have the supplies (for McKay, "I should say unhesitatingly: wise mothers, and... exemplary

for sale) rent or need. your every Sno fathers."8

...... Bever-.. Popcorn Kones. Candy

ages... Cups. "Out of the dreariness,

its Into cheeriness, or CALL WRITEW in weariness we Come THEATRE CANDY

DISTRIBUTING CO. Home."9

1 232 South Stale Salt Lake City, Utah daCharlesM. F.Tarbell,Thwing,"The"TheBusinessAmericanof BeingFamily,"a Woman,"Living AgeAmericanmagazine,Magazine,August March19, 1911.1912.

PHONE 3643669 'Phillips Brooks, Brotherhood in Christ,

First Christian Year: Keble, in Lent. Sunday

Solitude: Society Life.EHYour Concession Supply Headquarters 4John5Emerson, and Domestic

"Samuel Johnson, The Rambler, No. 68.

"Petronius, Satyricon, Sec. 43.

"President David O. McKay. THE NESTLE INN

"Stephan Chalmbers, Home.

cleanest Washington's and most beautiful guest house at moderate "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia prices. Along Embassy Row.

Sister Molloy (code 202) 2657137 Broadcasting System, April 25, 1965. Copyright 1965.

2126 "R"Street N.W.,

Corner Florida Avenue Washington, D. C. 20008

Families encouraged

722 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a

him to the mission field.

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder Cecil

Broadbent of Price, Utah, as president of the West German Mission succeeding President Wayne F.

Mclntire. President Broadbent has

been president of the North Carbon Stake for the past twenty years.

He has served as chairman of the

Green River Region of church welfare and chairman of the Deseret

Coal Mine operating committee.

His wife Edna Johnson Broadbent will accompany him to the mission field. The couple has four children;

a son is currently serving in the

Swiss Mission.

PreJune conference events—Is your church any place to skimp

YWMIA allday camp institute and the Master M ManGolden Gleaner on carpet quality?

banquet this evening were well at- 'No!"say the architects who specify for And Gropoint's 19 colors make it adapttended. so many of the stately new Mormon able to any decor.

carpet, buildings. church Good is of just they But one Gropoint many of general the boards The

out, point E!l saves sound, absorbs on mainbefits quality Bigelows whose Mormon il Men's Young and Young Womcosts. of course, improves And, tenance inothers, buildings. are There churchen's AssociaMutual Improvement appearance. building, styles public cluding every fortions greeted those to coming or every can customhas Bigelow home. surprisingly, Bigelow Gropoint Not in line aconference reception on the carpet. create perfect We've done gets the (above) nod.

Saltthe grounds, Tabernacle Lake 1825. it since

allwool Gropoint's Longwearing this Itbeginning at 7:30 morning.

RUGS & CARPETS SINCE 1825 pile quiet. softens noise to a hushed early perfect a daywas summer loop Bigelow

the flags of greenwith gold the and

Mutual flying.

General sessions of the 66th anconferencenual were held MIA in the Tabernacle at for all beginning 9:30 and 1:30. Elders LeGrand

Richards and Thomas S. Monson

of the Council of the Twelve were speakers at the morning session.

Here was announced the MIA theme for the coming year: "He

that hath my commandments, and keepeth them, he it is that loveth me: and he that loveth me shall be

loved of my Father, and I will love him, and will manifest myself to him."Special 14:21.) music (John

the from..armchair Choruswas by MIA

southern California. The afternoon or active

session was addressed by Elder

Spencer W. Kimball of the Council

of the Twelve. Deseret News sports writers

An allday MIA idea display was and cameramen give fans the open. facts... fast and first

The LDS Explorado was preevery day. Turn to the

sented this afternoon and the folfinest sports pages in thelowing day.

"Lift Voice,"the up Thy MIA DeseretMountainNewsWest in your festival, featuring vignettesspeech from history where speech played a vital part, was presented this evening in the Salt Lake Tabernacle.

The speech festival was repeatedSaturday evening as well. DESERETSALT LAKE CITY, UTAHNEWS

AUGUST 1965 723 "Pot Pourri,"the MIA drama Were One So Tall

Wedding wasfestivalgivenfeaturingin KingsburyroadshowHall acts,and (Continued from page 695)

Announcements the Pioneer Memorial Theatre, The lightning flashed in the

University of Utah campus, this north and many seconds later the evening and Saturday evening. thunder rumbled. Bishop Leverton

"Rainbows of Tomorrow,"the started and shook his head. He

PRINTERS MIA dance festival featuring over kicked up a ridge of mud, tempoeight thousand participants, was rarily blocking the progress of the Creators of Fine Wedding Stationery given before overflow audiences water, and watched as it pooled

Friday and Saturday night at the and backed up, finding a new route quality crafted University of Utah stadium. A tape around the ridge. Raging he

recording of this festival was prestomped into the puddle and then two day service sented twice by KSLTV. felt foolish as the water splashed save up to 50%

This was a day devoted to up around his legs. He quickly

100 North 155 East into the Illustrated Send 25< blank waiting up departmental work at the MIA looked 1 Provo, Catalog Actual Samples Dept. andfor

faces of of Refunded with order Lawrence "Home BYU"Utah and Manahand conference. June

Radford Martin.

fjl With a general session this Lawrence Manahand cleared his spit into the water. He

if it over, goes Hearing Aid Users! Tabernacle,morning,underin thethe directionSalt Lakeof throatsaid, "Evenand maybe

throw away your Don't the First Presidency, the 66th anthe dam won't wash out."Aid Mercury old Hearing

Batteries. Use the nual MIA conference closed. Truly, "It'll go! All the water has to do

Electronic "love lights the way in MIA."is run over it for a couple of hours,

it'll It go. built for wasn't and water BATTERY First anPresidency The

to It top. the over erodes."go He of the nounced* appointment CHARGER to stopped speaking the two men nickel all cadmium mercury and Charges Y. presias Elder Komatsu Adney

overnite. Specify battery number batteries feet. to mutter, and "Four began of 'Far the dent MisEast Northern Designed Will overcharge. not ordering. when

It's feet four last higher the than lifetime a use. for save you $50 Can up to sion President succeeding Dwayne in cost. or battery check year Send still one, the goes water and over guarantee. back Money this of the time N. Andersen. At M."*O. it."accepted. C.O.D.'s

is President appointment Komatsu LAB. KENT GEORGE jangle of harness the The and 61 E. 11 St., N. Y. Dept. ME-8 New York, serving of the as bishop Anuenue

rattle of shovels in an empty wagon Stake. (Hawaii) Honululu Ward,

audible bed over became the sound of native is believed Honolulu, he A river. of the the three As one, men first to of president mission FLINTSTICK be the

turned their heads. (Mormons Match) Japanese ancestry to be called to

Guaranteed to light serve. With him to the mission "Good! Here's Wilbur,"the

Fires all—Food

ply canned heat sup-—headquarters in Tokyo will go his Bishopfilled."said. "Let's get the sacks N. Fujitani Komatsu and wife Judy Scout Campfires the clay From a bank hundred four children. stoves. their Missionary—Boy rods filled upstream they sacks, the ppd. $1.00 a kit

FLINTSTICK throwing them on the wagon as tied. they soon as were First They anPresidency P.O. Box, 82-E The

Calif. FLINTSTICK,i Lakewood, lantern light, by and quietly of worked the appointment nounced

Elder J. Arvil Jesperson as presiother men from Beufort joined them

M)'n4l(]4l>'<>0- (}OI)4D[i dent of the Andes Mission succeedunnoticed. No one spoke, and the

ing President Sterling Nicolaysen. only sound heard above the faint

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS At the time of this appointment background of the running water

President Jesperson is serving as was the rasp of the shovels and the

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple first counselor in the presidency of whispering wheeze of an asthmatic sore throat and other minor mouth San Diego East (California) Stake. man.

and throat irritations. As a young man he filled a mission Bishop Leverton walked a few

to Argentina. He has served as a feet in front of the loaded wagon as

it straining horses pulled to the bishop, of a bishopric, and the member HALL'S REMEDY His lantern dam. torrent revealed a council. of a stake high member City, Utah a Salt Lake His wife Doris L. Bender Jesperof water, rumbling over the top. A

son and three of their children will gentle swell showed its upcreek accompany him to the mission field. edge, while the sudden rolling disThe couple has two married daughappearance of the deluge marked

ters. the other extremity. The horses

stopped, braced at the water's edge,

The First Presidency istheir eyes flashing white, their

JEWELRY CO. sued a statement concerning flanks quivering. And no amount

42WEST2ND. SOUTH DA 2-1039 the "right to work"legislation now of urging could banish their instincSALT LA KECITY1, UTAH pending in the United States. tive mistrust of the night and the

INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER

724 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A FULL

swiftly moving, foulsmelling water.

The lantern light cast long, groLONGtesque shadows as Heber asked CARRIAGE ELECTRIC TYPEWRITER from his position on the wagon, "What shall I do, Dad?"$20200

Bishop Leverton gaped wood- + tax enly at Heber's frightened, pinched a month face, as if the question were beyond TERMS the realm of his comprehension, the wrestled his withwhile mind

IT RENT IN TRADE it. waiting of Withoutconsequences FOR ONLY YOUR OLD reply bishop's Wilburfor the A MONTH the TYPEWRITER jerked to load the andjumped Apply) SMITHCORONA MODEL 215 (3$12Month

"Get off, hands.reins Heber's from

work."is man's ThisHeber! He WITH YOUR CHOICE OF TYPE

lashed furiously at the horses'Just Perfect for All Genealogy Workrumps, shouting harshly, "Heyya there! Get up you craven crow

bait. Get up, I say!"The horses ALL MAKES TYPEWRITER CO.

stood firm, shrinking under the CORNER SECOND SOUTH AT STATE - SALT LAKE CITY reins. redoubledlashing Wilbur his 3284941 - Park at Grant's

efforts, at the hoarsely howling team. Suddenly with the toss of | MAIL ORDERS ACCEPTED

her head and a snort, the offhand horse took a hesitant step forward;

but feeling the weight of the wagon Tour the Holy Land This Fall and the balking harness mate, she set back into the doubletree. Via Pan American Jet

to his lantern Heber, Handing into the TOUR LEAVES OCTOBER 7th stepped LevertonBishop water and grabbed the jangling bit Murdock Travel's annual Fall tour of the ever inspiring Holy Land prorings. He jerked on the leather vides you with 21 days of high quality, worryfree travel. You are

which enclosed the tossing heads assured of luxury travel on Pan American jet clippers and succeeded in only frightening and superb accommodations in the finest hotels...

the horses more. Futile stupidity, he all at unusually low cost! The tour includes all of

thought, as he began exerting a the Holy Land as well as places such as Istanbul, steady tug, speaking all the while in Cairo, Athens, and Rome.

a soft monotone. He felt the rigid- W. Cleon Skousen, Tour Director

ness of their braced legs melt. Mr. Skousen is a foremost L.D.S. authority on the

They took an exploratory step into Holy Land and the author of several successful books.

the water, and the weight of the The First Two AmongThousandtheseYears,are: andSo YouThe ThirdWant Thousandto Raise a Years.Boy?

wagon and the pull of their heads kept them moving. Bishop Leverton

felt the water swirling about his MURDOCK TRAVEL, INC.

Street, Salt Main 14 South Lake City, Utah 84101, 3283161 Phone losing track ofknees, the edge and

'. FULL PARTICULARS SEND ME FALL TOUR OF ON THEof the over PLEASE back he glanced dam,

his shoulder to regain his bearing. THE HOLY LAND.:

The blackness was impenetrable. He Name i

did not think of any danger, only of to preserve done be what must Address | MURDOCKthe the ache between and of dam

his shoulder blades. @TRAVEL City State Zip.. I. E. Aug. 65 Without warning, the offhand

horse slipped to her knees and struggled to find her footing, coming dangerously close to the shoul- 2-WAY RADIO FOR EVERYONE MISSIONARIES

Will for pressed be time Business, Sports,der of Pleasure and Her violent pawing the dam. Home

after anc'your mission? mneyyou d&

U. position. S. Lines several of In the have her Willonly you worsened anxious be to start We BfekHk Radios, P % working? Do you a want his lost Test Antennas, Equipment and Levertonconfusion Bishop in career Business Administra- I

Accounting, 'Sellina 'Data service. for installation bit and thehold rings, while on the -Smm>w 4M&1i*5*,ionProcessing, or other Business

"$79.95 Pair."W WalkieTalkie to Very Small closerstruggling horse Field? moved

sloping bank.the could do nothHe License Required. No Call or Write for CatalogWrite fortoday:a fell, she hering to help when Literature Free or Demonstration.

pulling the other horse screaming L. C. SAUNDERS

after her down into the darkness. AIRWAY DISTRIBUTORS LDS Business

4861048 2983641 2666158 College 3167 South 7th East Salt Lake City 41 1 E. So. Temple

Salt Lake City, Utah

AUGUST 1965 725.

LDS Gifa andJeuwlrt/ He saw the upright, dark shadow of his son still on the wagon as it "WE BELIEVE"BRACELET swept by. His warning shout caught The 13 articles ol faith are indelibly stamped on the

in his throat as he felt the dam beneath his feet give and crumble.

The warm, dark waters reached up with greedy fingers as his body pitched and whirled with a sickening motion. Something struck him

in the back. The pain was intense,

making him gasp, choking him with muddy water. Panicstricken he

fought to get his head out of the flood not at all certain which dithe to rection was up. He bobbed Prices

wildly to keep thrashed GoldANGELOnly LAPEL PIN/TIE$1.00TACeach LDS BLOCK GoldLAPELor SilverPIN/TIE$1.00TACeach surface and are LOW

his nose and mouth above the in Idaho violent, pummeling water. Out of

large loomed a night the shadow <w all L.D.S. include temple styles 50 Some rolled him. before menacingly He latest in parchments. and designs white or SilverPIN/TIE TAC51.00 each Gift boxed.ANSEL TIE BAR $1.50 root AntiqueLDSBromeSCROLL a other as napkins, albums, it bore down; Matching kicked and Mormon

accessories. One day rush order service. tore into his face forcing him down

into the water again.

He commenced swimming the closer for the that could best he can earn Priesthood Quorums Auxiliaries and funds. building and budget missionary, for swept down Wardextra shore him as the water money samples, refunded for catalog & 25c Send

card greeting gift and complete for free our Send curve. the around and the canyon if prices. air mail desired.) wholesale order. confidential first (50c with catalogue on

REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440 The current banged him into the

Name - wall and then teasingly swept him on, tantalizingly close to the side.

Address Desperately he thrust himself at the Sm'u Gwtifuj Cud tomfrntf

City, Zone, State. smooth wall and felt his movement 4937 So. Durfee, Pico Rivera, California

turn to flux. He was caught in a

vortex and thrown into the rock

MORE SCRUBBING*. again. His clawing fingers suddenly m f, means Big Money for encircled the stem of a desert bush

> your Club or Church,J growing at the edge of a ledge GRADUATION OR

Amazing new formula spray slightly above the water level.

dirt, grease, prevents Starch Later, rested. Anchored, he penetrating etc. from stains, he WEDDING GIFT? bleach. detergent, fabric. Saves ledge the and out on clambered

wrinprevents ironing, Speeds wall, to a matter the crawled over sold starches than kles. Better

Try it. back! in stores or money it of feet, and collapsed, breathing to have friends You'll want

...they'll never want to be and alive though sick and weak.

without it! As in a daze of awakening, he Nothing finer than a twelvetime-

STARCHWrite for profitable-O- RENEdetails: pulledlooked around.himself Theto hiswaterkneeswas andstill a-year gift. Give

Box 220-F, Benton, III. rising. Above him the cliff, glasssmooth, soared twenty feet. He

LDSS FASHIONCONSULTANTS happenedslumped backto Wilbur?against it.NoWhatearthlyhad The Improvement

WANTED IN ALL STAKES structure was worth that price. He

i Lingerie with forced the thought from his head / sleeves, displayand ceased thinking.

ing the elegance Sometime later he heard Heber's of modesty. voice calling, "Dad!... Father."

Call or write: He looked up and saw Heber's face Only $3.00

South Temple 2511 West lighted by the flickering flame of a

City, 4862359 Salt Utah Lake lantern. We send a beautiful gift card free

"Are you there, Dad?"

W. H. BINTZ COMPANY "Yes."

CASH & CARRY right?""God be thanked. Are you all

DEPARTMENT "Yes. Are you?"Need a good building fund project?

SKIING AMERICA 3rd Dad."- 3635821 - S. L. C. "Yes, West 310 So. color movie 90 minute 16 mm..?""Is Sverre Engen narrated personally by... it Wilbur Supplies Featuring & Equipment packed Hilarious—exciting—action "Yes, Dad."It was.Wilbur's. Feeding THE For FOR ENTERTAINMENT Mass voice. WHOLESOME

ENTIRE FAMILY Inquiries for Banquet Supplies and For details write Sverre Engen Ski Films

Camping equipment solicited P. O. Box 1212, Jackson Hole, Wyoming 83001

726 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Wilbur, is that really you?"

"Yes, it's me, Dad."

Bishop Leverton was silent, his mind adjusting to what his senses told him. "What about the horses?"

"Dead!"Wilbur replied. "The

last I saw was a hopeless tangle of harness and wagon and horses."

"How did you get out?"

"Down at One Mile. I climbed

out there. There was this eddy. It

wasn't hard."

climate subtropical The warm a rope?"find you "Can

life. the pleasant campus enhances something. find "We'll Hang on."

Bishop and They disappeared water. CJaj NEWCOSTSMODERNARE LOWERCAMPUS the looked again atLeverton

rising. longer As noIt was he sat A two year junior college WIDEMATCHLESSCHOICEWINTEROF SUBJECTSCLIMATE bitterness welled ledge, theback on

up in his heart. The night was black where the emphasis COMPLETE LDS INSTITUTE PROGRAM

around him; but looking up out of is on the individual WIDE VARIETY OF RECREATIONAL ACTIVITIES

the canyon, he could see the stars. For further information write The Registrar, Dixie College, St. George, Utah

"Dad?"Wilbur had returned.

"Over here, Son."He heard Wilbur and Lawrence Manahand

talking. "We're letting a line down,"Wilbur said. "Holler when you feel it."

strained Leverton Bishop his MAKE IT A DATE SUNDAYS, 8:30 P.M. trying to see the line.eyes, A movement at his elbow warned him the

rope was there. Taking it in his KNAK RADIO IS NOW BROADCASTING ITS 3RD COMPLETE

hands, he felt the smallness of the rope. Can it possibly hold me, he PRESENTATION OF THE BOOK OF MORMON. AN EXCELLENTthought.

"Tie it as close as you can, Dad.

It's short—so short that we can't HALFHOUR PROGRAM FOR YOUR "FIRESIDE"GROUPS.

give you any more slack."

Throughout the entire rescue DELIGHTFUL FOR FAMILY GROUP LISTENING. A RELAXING

procedure, the bishop was silent.

Even when his shoulder jarred into METHOD OF STUDY.

a protrusion in the canyon wall, he did not cry out. Finally he felt

Wilbur's hands under his arms, rope, of cut the and he theeasing JCjjJMCglEiBfc liMMMM lip of the the canyon. onwas again

"Your* onThe storm had completely blown the Right Track with KayNAK over, and a moon bathed the area 1280 Kcs. Salt Lake City

making an eerie creation of a familiar scene.

"Your face, Dad! Are you all

right?""Yes, yes. Brother Manahand, is

the dam gone? Totally?"

It like only part looked "Nope.

I reckon gone. you BONUS BOOK The Buyer Gains Who Dealsof But it was

can't rightly tell under such conBOOK OF MORMON STUDY GUIDE, Jr. Ed. H With Daynes"

ditions. The water had just fallen."by Eldin Ricks $1.50 or FREE

his feet, to climbing Wearily with the purchase of one of the following: SPECIAL said, "Let's go LevertonBishop

ONE FOLD AND ONE SHEPHERD If look. part of it is still ahave $3.95 PRICES Stuart Ferguson by Thomas

..."there, maybe

At the dam the water level had CREATIVE FAMILY LIVING CREDIT TERMS dropped, exposing the great gaping by Beverly Romney Cutler, cloth $1.50

hole between the two short abutOn Your Diamond From

PUBLISHING OLYMPUS JEWELRY CO. CO. DAYNES Station House 6137, Sugar Box

Utah's First Jewelers 128 So. Main—City, Salt Utah 84106 Lake

AUGUST 1965 727 merits where the dam had joined here, high above Beufort, the gan to push while the first one the canyon walls. The water ran bishop had been able, in the past, now moved to the top of the rock.

smoothly between them. While to think through the clutter of his For a moment it seemed that they

Bishop Leverton plodded up and life to the essential. He knew the were to be successful, but the

down at the edge of the destroyed trail well, having used it many pulling ant slipped, and the ants dam, Lawrence built a fire out of times, yet in the darkness it was unand seed fell together. Undaunted

dead cedar. The light of the moon familiar to him. they tried again and again, only

was less revealing, less brilliant When he recognized the two to be disappointed; but on their

after looking into the fire. large boulders, he felt a great resixth attempt the seed was at once

"Dad, why don't you come over lief that the climb was almost over. over the obstacle, and the original

here and dry off?"Wilbur asked. He had tired noticeably—further ant hurried off, dragging the grain.

"And do something for your face."evidence, he thought, of the toll of As the rays of the sun touched

"Where is Heber?"the years and the night. Stepping the top of Red Knoll, Bishop Lever-

"Sleeping in Lawrence's wagon."around the first of the boulders, ton strode down off the hill. The

"I'm practically dry already. The he caught a glimpse of the valley descent was easy, and there were

cut's all right."bathed in the mysterious halflight no false steps. He walked down

"You must be cold. Come on, of the moon. The other larger the damp lane that led to the main

Dad."boulder briefly blocked his view. street of Beufort. He passed RadBishop Leverton, for the first Not until he had walked in front ford Martin's house at the edge of

time, felt the chill of the night in of it did he see the full sweep of town and noticed a faint whiff of his damp clothes. He moved over the valley rising to the plateau, to white smoke rising from the chimto the fire and stared moodily into the foothills, to the mountains lost ney. A dog began barking but upon

the flames. Most of the men had in the night. recognizing him ceased.

gone home, but those who reLeaning against the boulder, he In front of the building that mained talked of the hay crop and looked up at the sky. A coyote served Beufort as church, school,

of the nearness of the winter. howled in the still night, and a and town meetinghouse, the men of

It was gone. Three times it had shiver ran up his back. Suddenly the settlement had gathered. They

gone. He had come to this windhe spoke—a jarring noise, more disstopped their talking and waited

blown, desolate land years ago to cordant than the lonely howl. "Oh, expectantly as the bishop joined

cultivate and to settle. He came God, has it been enough? What their semicircle. Bishop Leverton

after his youth had passed, a middlemore must I do? What else can I looked quickly from one sunburned,

aged man, wellto-do with livestock, give? I want to go home. Let me winddried face to another. Finally

wagons, and equipment. But his go home to die."He waited, strainhis gaze rested on Wilbur. His voice

resources as well as his strength ing to hear, but there was no sound. rang. "Wilbur, harness the old mare

had been expended in an effort to Carefully he sat down with his with the filly, and hitch them to the scratch a living from a hard, reback against the boulder. And old wagon."

luctant earth and to help others while he sat there, Orion and the "What are we going to do, Dad?"

do the same. As he stared into the Dipper wheeled in the sky, and the The bishop stared long at his son.

flame, the sound of gurgling water morning star appeared, its intense "We are going to take a look at the was the sound of defeat. He wonbrilliance dimming the other lights damage and start cleaning it up.

dered if now he could quit trying, in the east. We are going to build the dam

leave this wilderness, return to a Imperceptibly at first, the dawn again!"

life he had known well—a land less crept into the valley. Bishop Lever- "How are we going to finance it,

resistant, a people less hard, and ton tried to move and found his Bishop?"Lawrence Manahand

a God more benevolent. legs numb and cold. Straightening asked. "Most of us,"he waved his

Bishop Leverton became aware them, he waited for the tingling to hand loosely about, "are ready to that his son was standing silently, stop. A movement close to his hand pull stakes and try someplace else."

sadly behind him. The other men attracted his attention. In the dim "We'll start by selling my land

had moved to their wagons or light he saw a small ant struggling in Cache Valley. After that...

horses. Some were already moving with a seed twice its size. He well, who knows. There'll be a

down the road. He turned, "Son, go watched the ant as it tried repeatwav.

on home with Lawrence. Tell your edly to get the seed over a small "But, Dad, you can't do that—

mother not to wait up for me. I rock that stood as an impossible your dreams, Dad. How can you

won't be home for a while. I've got obstacle. Another ant appeared, sell your home in Cache Valley?"

some thinking to do."scurrying out of nowhere, and be- "Wilbur, Beufort is my home!"

"All right, Dad."

As the noise of the last wagon NOCTURNEbecame part of the engulfing night,

Bishop Leverton left the fire. He BY MARY EVA KING

walked with singleness of purpose. The sky has lost its radiant sunset gloiv.

He was going to a knoll west and The cattle in the meadow softly low.

north of town which overlooked Bird songs are ended; flowers close their eyes.

the entire valley. From its top, A hoot owl stirs the air with plaintive cries.

mile upon mile stretched out alThe soft mysterious night darkens the west, most endlessly to the eye; and Enfolds the world, and lulls it to its rest.

728 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA X \

MidsummerMoods i. * 1

ERA OF YOUTH

August 1965 Marion D. Hanks, Editor

Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor 72? /j &#/y #//

..* AitSit

$m f v#

*V3

-.M \ |j[l*y'T*.LaBal% firilB*

at MiT: "% <jf?.jB/$"%

V* *S

1 H<*

*'."*> Star

imT? hi.,7V

rifc

1\[N j4 JT..

ips

9gJiplK|ij>

IPROVEMENT ERA

by Elaine Cannonaround... and he who has eyes to see shall see

pect—inThere isWordsworth'sbeauty in allhostthe ofplacesdaffodils,one wouldin Maseex-

field's sea, in Emerson's pompous sunsets and

Thoreau's winter animals, in Willa Cather's plains, in all the orderly arrangements of nature and God's universe. There is a certain magnitude

in even the smallest part.

There are some places where one might not expect beauty to be, but looking for it, it is found, after all!

Youth have a corner on appreciating beauty, for they see with fresh eyes, uncluttered minds, eager hearts. But real richness in life comes when seeing

beauty is more than merely recognizing it, when being in the presence of beauty is an experience.

This takes some conscious effort. This takes some

cultivating. And it is well worth working for.

To be aware of beauty, wherever it is found, to respond to it fully is to be enlivened, to be instantly pleased, and weaned from all other interests for a moment. It is refining and uplifting and

soulstretching. It is a coming close to Christ.

In Plato's Symposium Diotima tells Socrates that "one who has learned to see beauty in due order and succession, when he comes toward the end will suddenly perceive a nature of wondrous beauty... beauty absolute, separate, simple and And thts ourUfe,

everlasting."She goes on to describe the order of

ascent in appreciating beauty. It begins with "the

for the beauties of earth mounts upwards and exempt frompublic haunt, fair beauty,"going other from one sake of that form to "all fair forms, and from fair forms to fair fair to practises fair practises, from and trees, at arrive the Finds tongues in fair notions [we] notions, until from notion of absolute beauty... which notion is God.

she This, dear Socrates,"my brooks, should all others above which man says, live—in"is the lifethe books in the running

contemplation of beauty absolute."

The purpose of this issue is to encourage the search for the beautiful about us in all phases of Sermons in stones, life, to instil the idea among LDS youth that to settle for less than the highest ideal in books, music, clothes, entertainment, experiences, people andgood in every thing is to shortchange the measure of life. We've given

you a quotation from Shakespeare to start the search. These are only a few lines, but take each Duke Senior,

phrase or idea separately and look where it can As You Like It, Act II, Scene I lead you. What a rich unfolding! Shakespeare

AUGUST 1965 731 Books in Running

TREES

I think that I shall never see

A poem lovely as a tree.

A tree whose hungry mouth is pressed

Against the earth's sweetflowing breast

A tree that looks at God all day,

And lifts her leafy arms to pray

A tree that may in summer wear

A nest of robins in her hair;

Upon whose bosom snow has lain

Who intimately lives with rain.

Poems are made by fools like me,

But only God can make a tree.

by Joyce Kilmer

by poem TREES TheCopyright Kilmer1941 and renewedJoyce 1913assigned to CopyrightJerry Co., MusicSt., Inc.York

copyright WestVogelby permission44th 112Used Newof 36,ownerNX,

THE BROOK'S SONG

Alfred, Lord Tennyson

I come from haunts of coot and hern,

I make a sudden sally And sparkle out among the fern,

To bicker down a valley.

I chatter over stony ways, In little sharps and trebles, I bubble into eddying bays, I babble on the pebbles.

I wind about, and in and out, With here a blossom sailing, And here and there a lusty trout,

And here and there a grayling,

I murmur under moon and stars In brambly wildernesses I linger by my shingly bars I loiter round my cresses And out again I curve and flow

To join the brimming river, For men may come and men may go,

But I go on forever.

From The Brook

AUGUST 1965 733 THE GRAND CANYON /. B. Priestley

The Grand Canyon is a sort of landscape Day of Judgment. It is not a show place,

a beauty spot, but a revelation. The Colorado River, which is powerful, turbulent, and so thick

with silt that it is like a saw, made it with the help of the erosive forces of rain, frost, and wind, and some strange geological accidents; and all these together have been hard at work

on it for the last seven or eight million years. It is the largest of the eighteen canyons of the

Colorado River, is over two hundred miles long, has an average width of twelve miles, and is a good mile deep. It is the world's supreme example of erosion. But this is not what it really

is. It is, I repeat, a revelation. The Colorado River made it, but you feel when you are there

that God gave the Colorado River its instructions. It is all Beethoven's nine symphonies

in stone and magic light.

From Midnight on the Desert, copyright 1937, by J. B. Priestley

734 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.ri

"ii TlinmrtBST,

l >tUNfe.Ai yUki %

2 * X**

l SJ

A THOUGHT ON THE SEASHORE

John Newton (17251807)

In every object here I see Something, O Lord, that leads to Thee;

Firm as the rocks Thy promise stands,

Thy mercies countless as the sands,

Thy love a sea immensely wide,

Thy grace an everflowing tide.

AUGUST 1965 73S

f

Good in Everything. r

STAND TALL by Sue Forbes

A weathered tree on a lone hill stood,

Its leafless limbs just lifeless wood.

Time had left its mark, 'tis true,

But the weathered tree a secret knewStand tall!

A sunflower in a garden dwelt,

The sun's warm rays the flower felt.

And as it steadily upward crept

Its precious secret ever kept Stand tall!

The bell inside the old gray church,

A sturdy structure on its perch,

Would start each morning with a song

Sounding such a maxim strong Stand tall!

The lighthouse on the rocky shore

A special warning always bore.

Its profile brave against the sea

Always seemed to say to me Stand tall!

Life's hardships can be faced each day

Till error soon will pass away,

If man will put his trust in God

With feet set firmly on the sod,

Stand tall!

REASSURED

by Nancy Farr

Sometimes I bow my head and sigh

And wonder, "Can I bear it all?

Can I get up after I fall?

Or will I sit and moan and cry?

And think it better if I die?

Can I stand up—be straight and tall?

Or must I stoop to beg and crawl?

Will I forever ponder 'Why?'"

Then I look up and face the sun,

Throw back my shoulders, lose my care,

Rememb'ring well, when day is done,

That there is One who hears my prayer.

He'll never leave me all alone;

I still can hope and know He's there.

WILL WE PAY THE PRICE?

Lynn W. Miles

Mesa Sixth Ward, East Mesa Stake, Arizona

It has been said that we live in perilous times, declared, "Every member a missionary,"and we and I am inclined to agree. Never before has there certainly can't hope to convert others to something

been such a need for leaders of vision and strong we ourselves don't know to be true.

it ismoral fiber—men and women who know what is In our quest for spiritual development,

right and who have the courage to live up to their not wise for us to overlook the material side of convictions. That is why we as youth must prepare life. We should prepare to be worthwhile members

ourselves well for the tasks we will soon be underof society, able to do something to make the world taking. It won't be long before we are called into a better place in which to live.

positions of leadership in the Church as well as in We often hear the phrase, "The glory of God is the world, and it is important that we be ready intelligence"(D&C 93:36), and we have been

when we are called. admonished to seek a knowledge of all things.

Those in authority over us have counseled us It is becoming increasingly apparent that without little hope for success.to make the most of our youth—to "put away an education we have

childish things"and to set our houses in order. As But education is not enough. Brigham Young

members of the kingdom of God, we have no time believed that the Lord intended for his people to for procrastination, no time for immorality, no have the good things of life, but he expected the time for excuses and apologies for deeds undone. Saints to acquire them through their own diliIf we are to serve best our Lord and fellow men, gence. We should not expect to receive everything

we must begin now. we need merely because we are good members

Many of us will fill missions for the Church. It of his Church. How many people who have burning

is imperative that we do not wait until we are testimonies just sat and waited for them to drop called to begin studying the scriptures, to begin giftwrapped right out of heaven into their laps?

seeking a testimony, or to begin preparing How many successful businessmen just sat at financially and physically. Now is the time to home watching television, waiting for someone to

study. Now is the time to discover the truthfulness call up and offer them a vicepresidency? Things

of the gospel. One young man, realizing how just don't happen that way.

much more a missionary could accomplish during I shudder to think what would happen if the his mission if he didn't have to spend two or three Lord sent us fifty dollars every time we obeyed months memorizing the necessary scriptures and a commandment and whacked us with a thunderdiscussions, is now meeting weekly to learn the bolt whenever we were disobedient. Under such

lessons and study the scriptures so that he will be circumstances there would be no initiative, no ready when calls come. free agency. We would all be forced into subIt is also important for a young man to look jection out of fear for our very lives, a situation

beyond a mission. We know that the only way we comparable to that proposed by Satan.

can reach exaltation in the celestial kingdom is Fortunately, such is not the case. It is true that

to be sealed in the temple by the power of the priestliving as we do the risks are greater, but so are hood. We must therefore keep ourselves worthy the rewards: living by faith, we profit by our

of temple marriage. We must pay a full tithe, live mistakes and are made stronger by overcoming

the spirit as well as the letter of the Word of evil. We are able to exult in our victories and have

Wisdom, associate with those who share our lofty compassion on those who are not so fortunate.

standards, keep ourselves unsullied by immorality, We are given opportunity to learn, both by our and we must magnify the priesthood. own experience and by that of others, with the

We must also realize that we, of ourselves, do knowledge that if we are valiant we will again not always know what is best. We should therefore dwell with him.

seek the power that comes from fasting and And all he asks in return is a clean hand, a pure prayer. And that means real prayer, not the kind heart, a contrite spirit, faith, obedience, and

you've said wordfor-word every night for the service.

past ten years, but sincere, humble prayer offered Will we pay the price?

with a knowledge that it will be answered. If we do, we will be able to say, as did Paul,

Through fasting and prayer we may also gain "I have fought a good fight, I have finished my a testimony, and we should. President McKay has course, I have kept the faith."(2 Tim. 4:7.)

AUGUST 1965 739 like this: "Jane? I wanted to

come over to see you, but I couldn't get the car. The horse

went lame. Didn't dare try the

mule. Forgot how to ride a bike.

Missed the bus. My little brother

wouldn't let me take his tricycle,

You can travel farther and so I had to phone. Hope you're

faster than anyone, using your coming to my transportation nnnRRRRRnnswewMW imagination to plan a transparty."Remind her of the date,

portation party. the time, and the place.

:X\ tV WITH A m >'ss

* I 'STANLEY STEAMER Go through old magazines and Li newspapers to find pictures of unusual modes of transportation. The day before the party, preGlue them to the front of your pare this good mixer game to

invitations, and use some as be played as the guests arrive.

decorations for the party. Cut 3x3inch squares of paper.

Write the name of a famous by Virginia Baker means of transportation on each one. You might use Stanley

Steamer, The Old Gray Mare, St. Louis, Shank's

good two ownywMwwwwffiww y-M\> PoniesSpirit of(your feet), the Bismark, Chattanooga

Choo Choo, Nautilus, canoe, the

XT) Constitution, the Wabash Cannon Ball, surfboard, skis, snow- t?"horseshoes, andskates,buggy,prairietractor,schooner,balloon, caterpillar, etc.

As each guest arrives, pin one

Do you seem to be the only of the slips of paper to the back teen in town who hasn't been on When you phone to check on of his clothes. He or she must

a trip this year? Fret no more. who's coming, say something guess what is on it by asking

740 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA questions which may be anThe first team member must swered simply "yes"or "no."As open the bag, put on the clothes

soon as a successful guess is over his own, close the bag, run made, the guest gets to pin the to a predetermined goal, run name on the front of his clothes back to his place, open the suitand gets another name for his case, take off the game clothes, back. put them back in the bag, close

the bag, and hand it to the next one on the team, who repeats the routine. The first team to finish

wins the prize which could be Away with Me, Lucille, in My Merry Oldsmobile,""The Little

Nash Rambler,""May I See Your Driver's License, Please?"

This game can be continued "Flying Down to Rio,""Harbor until a few minutes after the last Lights,""Around the World in guests arrive. An airplane or anchocolate turtles, the slowest 80 Days,""The Wreck of the Old

tique automobile kit will be a things on feet for the fastest 99,""Midnight Flier,""Carry fun prize for the guest who has team on feet. Me Back to Old Virginny,""The

the largest number of guessed Caissons Go Rolling Along,"etc.

name slips.

(ni) 'A&#r$Q LLi

Make suitcase favors from To provide some rest after the either or penny Use and matchboxes. everyone suitcase game, seat Another fun game of travel is size. regular kitchen boonMake pencils. Give and provide paper teams. Prepare played by two the to handles doggle and fasten five minutes guests by the your several arsuitcases with two cover of with the matchbox all side to list alarm) clock (set the

sizes in large ticles clothing of will tape. cellophane box The transportation of the methods

easily. can Put be put on which if like look luggage more you of. a prize think As can they in articles of number the same triangles colored fasten of paper give something for this game, each suitcase. b that can be used on the winner's or colored cellophane tape to the

next trip. It could be a crosswordcorners. Tape initials will perpuzzle magazine, a wash cloth sonalize each box.

in a plastic case, a foldaway toothbrush.

TVWUeK i; uS'A -v For background music while U

you serve refreshments, use only tunes with a transportation theme: "I've Been Workin'on

the Railroad,""99 Miles,""Come

AUGUST 1965 741

HONESTY AND HONOR

by President Ernest L. Wilkinson

DEVOTIONAL ASSEMBLY, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

On April 24, 1876, Karl G. Maeser, the spiritual for you to sit by in a class and permit someone

architect of this institution, met his first class. else to cheat in an examination, for to do so is

It was composed of twentynine students. His adto become a partner with him in the weakening of

dress was short but full of meaning: "I trust you his character, in his alienation from the Spirit of

all, I give you my confidence. I hope you will do our Father in heaven, and in the arresting of his

nothing to weaken that confidence. I put you on eternal progress. Incidentally, you also harm

your word of honor."yourself and other students because your comLater on, in another address, Brother Maeser parative grades are based on your relative pergave further definition to what he meant by formances in that examination.

honor at this institution. "My young friends,"he I have heard it argued that obedience to the

said, "I have been asked what I mean by 'word of letter and spirit of the honor code should be a honor.'I will tell you. Place me behind prison matter of individual conscience. Presumably, if

walls—walls of stone ever so high, ever so thick, an individual does not agree with a rule or with

reaching ever so far into the ground—there is a the system, no one ought to force it on him.

possibility that in some way or another I may But any system that leaves it to every indibe able to escape; but stand me on the floor and vidual to decide whether a code of conduct is to

draw a chalk line around me and have me give be observed or violated is no system at all, but my word of honor never to cross it. Can I get out anarchy. It is like having a criminal code in which

of that circle? No, never! I'd die first."the murderer decides whether he has committed

These statements of Karl G. Maeser have been an offense. An honor system differs from any

basic to the philosophy of this institution from other regulatory mechanism only in the mode of the beginning. enforcement. It is enforced by the subjects themBrigham Young University has an honor code in selves rather than by external authority. May I

which all students agree on their word of honor suggest, therefore, that you have the same rethat they will not only not cheat themselves, but sponsibility at this university as you do civic rethat they will report also any cheating done by sponsibility at home—even more so—and that

others. for you to fail to report wrongdoing does not re-

I know there is a natural instinct for students present manliness on your part, but lack of cournot to report the wrongdoing of others, not to age and a lack of respect for the standards of tattle on other students. But I would like to sugthis institution. Indeed, this is a greater responsigest to you that one of the first duties of citizenbility, for by signing the honor code, you have

ship is to inform officials of the improper and given your word of honor that you will report any unlawful conduct of others; that except for such wrongdoing.

action we would not be protected in the preservaAlexander Pope in his Essay on Man has stated tion of our property, our liberty, or even our lives.

"A wit's a feather, a chief a rod;If you see someone committing a robbery, do you An honest man's the noblest work of God."think you are a good citizen if you do not report

the robber to the police? If you should see an As opposed to the standard of honor on this

accident, do you think you would be doing your campus, I note that the father of one of the cadets duty ii you did not report the hitand-run driver? at the Air Force Academy who was actually inIf you saw someone assaulting your sister, do you volved in the cheating scandal there came to the

think you would be honorable if you did not redefense of his son by saying: "I always taught

port it? my son not to tattle on his companions."Obvi-

I repeat that if, in private and public life, we ously that father had not taught his son the differdid not report the wrongdoings of others, there ence between petty or malicious tale bearing and would be a complete breakdown in law enforceresponsible reporting of wrongdoing which needed ment. I submit to you that it is equally wrong to be stopped for the benefit of all concerned. No

742 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

wonder that the son became involved in the cheating scandal.

As opposed to this view, let me read from the letter what another Air Force cadet wrote to the commandant of the cadets: "... The American

people—the very people who are providing this

wonderful opportunity for us and who will one day depend on us as they have depended on those valiant men who have gone before—have the unquestionable right to demand of us the very

highest standards of honor and integrity. We

must not merely maintain the average standards of American society, we must emulate those

Americans who have the very highest standards of individual honor and integrity."In the same

way your parents and the leaders of our Church have the right to expect of us the highest standards of honor and integrity. President McKay

has. advised us, "It is better to be trusted than

loved."William Shakespeare, in King Richard II, said "The purest treasure mortal times afford

Is spotless reputation; that away,

Men are but gilded loam or painted clay.

Mine honour is my life; both grow in one

Take honour from me, and my life is done."

And so at this institution, your faculty and your parents have the right to expect of you the very highest standards of individual honor and integrity. We should like to put you on your honor

as Brother Maeser understood and explained it, in a way which truly will help you and your fellow students. I have therefore instructed the dean of

students that we are going to be much stricter in the future than we have been in the past with respect to the enforcement of the honor code. You

are in violation if you see any cheating and refuse to report it, just as much as if you engage in it yourself. The degree may be different, but you

have nevertheless violated your oath, and at this institution we hope your word is your bond. If

it is not, we may have to tell you that you are unworthy of remaining at this institution. We ask

for your voluntary wholehearted cooperation. Will

all of you who are willing to make this a year of great honor for this institution please stand?

(All the students stood.)

AUGUST 1965 The Last Word Many strokes, though with a little axe, Hew down and fell the hardesttimber's oak.—Shakespeare

Every real and searching effort In the parching August wind, Cornfields bow The August cloud...

at selfimprovement is of itself the head, Sheltered in round valley depths, suddenly melts into a lesson in profound humility. On low hills outspread—Christina G. Rossetti streams of rain. -Bryant

Let us all do the will Loud is the summer's busy song of our Father in heaven The smallest breeze can find a tongue, today, and we will then While insects of each tiny size be prepared for the duty of tomorrow, and for Grow teasing with their melodies, the eternities to come. Till noon burns with its blistering breath

—President Heber J. Grant Around, and day lies still as death. -Clare

A man whose life was given to the study of books had a wife who never read at all. She did, however, take down a volume from time to time

in order to show some sympathetic interest in her husband's pursuits.

One evening the lady said to her husband: "I took down a book this morn-

*-* ing by an author named Voliv. Is he considered a good writer?""Voliv,

my dear?"repeated the husband in perplexity. "Voliv?"But while he was

ffllfl puzzling over the name, his wife thought of something else and went away u to attend to it. Then he stole into her room to see what book she had

on hand, and found a volume of Browning's poetry. It had been

bound with no name on the back and simply bore the legend, "Vol. iv."

—theThere false,aye twowherefreedomsa man Thingsthey are,andand actionsthe consequencesare what Thereit is bestis a tobestlivewaytheto bestlive, way.and

is free to do what he of them will be what they The past is dead, it lives only for likes; the true, where he will be; why then should we us to learn from. The present,

is free to do ivhat he desire to be deceived?—Bishop the present only, is ours to work ought.—Charles Kingsley John Butler, Sermon No. 7 in, and the future ours to create.

A Reminder—

Improvement Era Youth Writing Competition for young members of the Church

For Winning Entries: For All Entries:

CASH AWARDS AN SCHOLARSHIPS OPPORTUNITY ii OTHER PRIZES TO WRITE!

BYU, RICKS COLLEGE, AND NOW THE CHURCH COLLEGE OF HAWAII PARTICIPATING

See the July Era of Youth, or your ward bulletin board, for rules, categories of entry, and further details.

CONTEST DEADLINE EXTENDED TO DECEMBER 31, 1965

744 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Where B. Y. U. students meet in friendship,

Interstate Brick lends its warmth.

A masterful use of sculptured dimension and color in an interior brick wall in the Union Building. A conclusion of artistic

merit, the result of imagination and familiar media.

Brick is fire safe. Brick is maintenancefree. Brick is permanent.

Brick builds better for less. Brick is beautiful.

INTERSTATE COMPANY

3100 SOUTH 1 100 EAST SALT LAKE CITY

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

It WOn't fit him for fifteen years... But now is the time to assure him a two year

opportunity for service and growth on an LD.S mission. How? With a Beneficial Life Mission

Motivator Plan. Here's how one plan works: It's a regular program designed to make cash

available for a mission!—Premium is paid by Beneficial should Dad not live to complete paying!—Paid up options in case plan can't be continued!...

To make a mission for your child more than a good intenDept. E865

tion, let your Beneficial Life agent show you these and many JjJuJNiljJ LL;lAJu I A r

rjompa/iuother unique features of a Mission Motivator Plan... OR Q/rttutomce 'wfW

Write for further information. 47 West South Temple nT?)!,/ Salt Lake City, Utah