;.**3 j

- f*< '*5v

=Sft>,

V; ':;-SSi:S IK

BATHROOM PORTRAIT BY

WMMBBflfiBHS ''---

HACKGROUM) FOR MODERN LIVING

A PRODUCT OF GLADDING, MoBEAN &. CO

TILE TALK BY YOUR HEKMOSA TILE CONTRACTOR

To today's woman, the bathroom is a beauty workshop, as well as beautiful initself. It can be as glamorous as any room "BbikI new telef

in your house, a room you'll always be proud of. Builtin vanities, with spacious

efficient lighting plentymirrors, and lotions, features are of In Crackers! creams androom for

today's bathroom should include.

Smart builders find Hermosa Clay Tile Try these delicious new crackers ideal not only for bathroom floors and walls, but also for these vanity counters. <—different from anything you've

Spilled cosmetics or perfume never stain ever tasted! They have a rich,

or mar its DuraGlaze surface. And it's

impervious to cigarette burns, medihearty flavor... crisp, delicate texture.,. and an

cines, rust stains and alcohol. It can be

cleaned in a matter of seconds—simply inviting "twobite"shape!

wipe off with a damp cloth.

Hermosa Tile's wearproof, fadeproof qualities are equally important in your kitchen. Because it's fireproof, you can

put the hottest skillet on a Hermosa deck.

It won't scratch, burn or blister.

YourHermosa Tile contractor will be glad to show you the complete Hermosa line, help you select colors and designs to personalize your kitchen and bathroom. And don't forget: when you specify Hermosa Tile, you know it will be

installed by experienced craftsmen.

Remember, too, one of the first things a buyer looks at is the bathroom. That's

why careful planning pays off any way you look at it—in comfort, in livability

or as a financial investment.

To show how Hermosa Tile can bring a smart new life and leisure into your home,

Gladding, McBean & Co. have prepared NEW

a colorful folder,"/ never knew what tile could do!"It illustrates Hermosa's comshape!

plete color range, suggests modern bathroom and kitchen designs. For your free

copy, send a postcard request to:

GLADDING, McBEAN & CO.

2901 Los Feliz Boulevard, Los Angeles 39 other offices: San Francisco

Pocatello Portland Seattle Spokane Phoenix PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Phoenix

JUNE 1954 369 Power Steering. Hydraulic power takes the tugging out of

steering—makes short turns easy and quick even in soft ground.

New driving position, high and well forward, provides "eagle eye"view.

Hydraulic Speed Control. Gives wide range of travel speed in

each of three forward gears—like feeding gas to a car. Brings

bigger capacity in good going, better work in tough spots.

Hydraulic Header Control. Works from little lever on steerby Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

ing column, sets sickle height instantly. Quickdetachable

header comes off for truck transport or easy access to cylinder.

45Bushel EyeLevel Bin. Easy for driver to see when it's Tt has been found that wingbeat frefull. Fast unloading auger empties slopingbottom bin in about quencies of several hundred each secone minute, whether combine is stopped or moving. ond are commonplace among flies. The

Drosophila fruit fly being capable of continuous flight for an hour and a half may thus beat their wings 1.5 million

times, according to Williams, Barness, and Sawyer.

"TThe forests of Australia are famous for their shadowlessness or lack of shade because the leaves turn sideways so that the sun will not strike them directly. The compass plant points

directly north and south to get the weak morning and evening sun, but not that at midday when it has its edge turned toward the sun. In the EgyptianArabian desert there are plants which

point eastwest. There are also plants

which place the axis of all their leaves in a direction parallel to the maximum elevation of the sun.

/ooking with automatically controlled temperature is now available. An electronic control can be set

for warming, boiling, or frying and by means of a small button in the center of the electricrange heating element held against the bottom of the pan, the temperature of the pan is known.

Heart of the button is a thermistor which has very great change of electrical resistance with temperature, making possible regulation to half a degree with the help of the control circuit. Even if

the housewife should be called away and the water all boil away, the

You save costly manhours with this fasttemperature is not permitted to rise working, quickadjusting Case Combine. You above 235 degrees. No more burned

save more of the crop with either the new 9-bar, pans!

90tooth cylinder—or rubbar cylinder with reversible, renewable bars... plus famous Case Dy giving enamel a static electric

AirLift cleaning. New singlelever concave charge when spraying, ninetyeight

adjuster sets both front and rear of concave; percent of the enamel gets on the surindicator shows exact clearance. Hinged section face compared to about fifty percent

of spout and auger swings back beside combine, using a nonelectrostatic spray system.

out of the way for road travel or compact storage. Choice of 10, 12 or 15foot cut. See your /upboards which open when the hand

Case dealer now about a demonstration. Be sure approaches are possible if capacito ask about the Case Income Payment Plan for tance switches are used on the cupbuying moneysaving machines with payments boards. The approach of the hand

scheduled when you have money coming in. changes the electrical capacitance at

J. I. Case Co., Dept. F-444, Racine, Wis. the switch which results in the door

opening. 370 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NO, THANKSWE DON'T DRINK YOUNG PEOPLE ARE WAKING UP... More and more, they find on your own safe driving record. This can amount to an addiyou don't have to drink to be smart, that they can say "No thanks"tional 25% savings.

still... fine. get and along They not believe do

start In 1946, with policyholders, of only a 200 temperance and drinks. see total They all abstainers over America that—wellknown"everyone"

insurance leaders, Rev. Morris, headed the launched by Sam athletes, political prominent leaders, important businessmen. They

Preferred Risk Its Mutual Insurance purpose: to write Company. find don't to you have to drink success. be a

automobile insurance exclusively for drink. people not do who

THEY ARE LEARNING THE REAL TRUTH ABOUT ALCOHOL AND Its theory: those who do not drink should not have to help pay

AUTOMOBILES... They know you don't have to be drunk to be for the accidents of those who do.... They should get a lower

a killer on the highway... that the occasional social drinker is rate.

just.. as great a alcoholic the menace as only drinks two

.. theory actuality. Today, has losses become Fewer have

. impair can driving your ability than more.. that alcohol 25%. that justified rates. the lower assets to over have. Company zoomed

is responsible to for of all fatal accidents 30% 40% The policyholders $2,000,000. 200 to have over 70,000. grown

last traffic year alcohol killed accidents three times. as.. manythat its success. Preferred Risk By history. insurance has made More

people polio! as

it it clearly important has to proved abstain. now pays...

AND HERE IS SOMETHING ELSE THEY ARE LEARNING... "It pays IMPORTANT... Nondrinker means total abstainer. The occato abstain."sional social drinker is not eligible for this auto insurance. If

If YES, IN IT PAYS drink, DOLLARS you do not are... you a youyourself.qualify, get a quotation today and make the comparison Preferred Risk and insurance at auto can buy a savings to up

25%. You also earn further reductions year after year, depending Phone or send coupon for full details. There is no obligation.

PREFERRED RISK MUTUAL INSURANCE CO.

Building Judge PREFERRED RISK 501Salt Lake City,

Please me, obligation, send without complete information your MUTUAL INSURANCE CO. about Utah Insurance for Total Abstainers. Auto

(Auto Insurance for nondrinkers only) Name Ages of all drivers ( ) ( ) ( ) 501 Judge Building - Phone 4-1 931 - Salt Lake City Address City State

Experienced Adjusters in all 48 states Make of Car Year Model & Body Type

NOTE: This ad has appeared in several metropolitan newspapers inPresent Insurance Co

cluding the Salt Tribune Lake and Deseret News. From

people United States written their have to us expressing all viewover thatthe Use of car: ( ) Business ( ) Pleasure ( ) To and from

this will in advertisement do spreading strong great good a temperance work—miles, one way.

to hundreds message of of thousands our This people. young adver-

) Married with children whotising insureprogramtheiris carsmadewithpossibleus. Youby toothe cantens helpof thousandswith this advertisingof persons Marital Status of(

project your car Risk. by insuring with Preferred

this of for use bulletin advertisement on boards request. available are free on or for.. mail. Extradistributioncopies i Principal driver ( ) Single living at home. ( ) Single. J

JUNE 1954 371 \-Jtticial \Jrqan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, IMPROVEMENT MUTUALTIONS, DEPARTMENTIMPROVEMENTOFASSOCIAEDUCA-

TION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF "THEERSTVOICE OF THE CHURCH"

*Jhe Lhurch of

or oLatteraau Saints n*J n-J VOLUME 57 n*> NUMBER 6 June 1954

Editors: DAVID 0. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON '

Production Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT - Research Editor: ALBERT L. +Jhe Ccover

ZOBELL, JR - Manuscript Editor: IRIS PARKER

- Contributing G. ARCHIBALD HOMER DURHAM of fortieth anniversary Bee Hive The

- LEE FRANKLIN Editors: NIBLEY A. PALMER JR. - HUGHF. BENNETT in Imwork Mutual the Young Women's B. SPERRY - SIDNEY B. PETERSEN CLAUDES. HARRIS,

General Manager: ELBERT R. CURTIS - Associate Manager: BERTHA S. REEDER provement Association will be commem-

D. GILES - Advertising Business Manager: JOHN

Director: Subscription A. GLEN SNARRDirector: VERL F. SCOTT orateddelightfulthisBeeJuneHiveconference,Girls on 1954.the cover,The

Raelene Barney and Nancy Erickson of

Salt Lake City, are typical of the 21,059 members of this department throughout the stakes and missions of the Church.

The Editor's Page Thecourtesyphotographof the Saltof LakeTempleTribune.Square Onis byit

is the photograph by superimposed Hal "Live—in All Things Outside Yourself By Love"Hive of the Bee Rumel Girls. Hal Rumel

...President David O. McKay 381 also colored the photograph.

Church Features

Your Question—Urim and Thummin.Joseph Fielding Smith 382 EDITORIAL50 NorthAND MainBUSINESSStreetOFFICES New Approaches to Book of Mormon Study—Part 8..Hugh Nibley 382 Y.M.M.I.A. Offices, 50 North Main St.

General Conference Section: Y.W.M.I.A. Offices, 40 North Main St.

Present Responsibility of the Church in Missionary Work Salt Lake City 1, Utah

President David O. McKay 390 Copyright 1954 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a CorporaBe "Not Ashamed of the Gospel of Christ"tionAssociationof the ofYoungthe ChurchMen's Mutualof JesusImprovementChrist of

President Stephen L Richards 393 scriptionLatterdayprice,Saints.$2.50 Alla year,rightsin advance;reserved. foreignSub-

"Our Bible"President J. Reuben Clark, Jr. 395 subscriptions, $3.00 a year, in advance; 25c

"The Field Is White..."President Joseph Fielding Smith 400 single copy.

MIA June Conference Calendar 374 Dallas Stake Enthusiastic About asEnteredsecondclassat the Postmatter.Office,AcceptanceSalt Lake forCity,mailingUtah,

special for in rate section provided of postage General Conference Index 375 MIA

July 1103, authorized 2, of October 1917, Act 376 Master Church The Moves On MProgramMen Breakfast at Confer473 at1918.

Priesthood Melchizedek 464 Era ence 473 The Improvement Bishopric's Presiding 466 Page solicited manuscripts, butis notwelcomesresponsiblecontributions.for unAll manuscripts must be accompanied by sufficient

postage for delivery and return.

Special Features Change of Address In the Steps of Abraham—Part 6 Stanley Kimball 386 Fifteen days'notice required for change of adThe Spoken Word from Temple Square dress. When ordering a change, please include

Richard L. Evans 446, 448, 462, 476 addressAddress slipchangesfrom cannota recentbeissuemadeof unlessthe magazine.the old

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. These Times, Mexico, G. Homer address as well as the new one is included.

Harris, Jr 370 Durham 378 Your Page and Ours 480 Today's Family—Iris Parker National Advertising Representatives

Verona Bowen's Casual California Make Potpourri, Ruth Jeffrey 471

Supper, Angela Bowen 468 Come Over, Kids! Louise Price

S. TOWNSEND COMPANY If Bell 472 EDWARD I Were in My Teens, Bertha S. Building Russ

470 Reeder Francisco, California San

EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

1324 Wilshire Blvd.

ies, Poetry Los Angeles 17, California

SADLER AND SANGSTON ASSOCIATES 342 Madison Ave.

17, York Handcarts Westward—Part 4 Helen Kimball Orgill 384 New

Something New Mary E. Winchell 388 DAVIS & SONSN. Y.

Frontispiece, Returning, Delia Adams Architect, by Ethelyn B. Kincher....471 30Chicago,N. LaSalleIllinoisSt.

Leitner 379 Cryptic Code, Hazel M. Kerr 475

Poetry Page 380 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

372 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA...and what satisfaction to

know that Pabco Colorok

asbestos siding is practically

a oncein-a-lifetime investment,

both in appearance and protection.

PAJNT - ROOFING - SIDING. ONLY PABCO COORDINATES ALU THREE]

PABCO PRODUCTS INC, SAN FRANCISCO, CAtlFDRNIA

JUNE 1954 MIA June Conference Calendar L. D. S. PreConference Events

Temples Plate WEDNESDAY, JUNE 9 8:45 a.m. to 8:30 p.m. YW CAMP INSTITUTE—Wigwam, Mill Creek Canyon (Bus

leaves Lion House 8:00 a.m. Lunch $1.00, Dinner $1.25. Reservations by June

9:00 a.m. DISTRICT DANCE SUPERVISORS—U of U Field House. Lunch—Lion

House—SI.80.

2:00 p.m. STAGE ACTS REHEARSALS—U of U Field House.

4:30 p.m. NO. 1 GIRLS'DANCE REHEARSAL—U of U Field House (Girls dancing

Thursday, June 10, see April Leader.

6:00 p.m. DRAMA FESTIVAL REHEARSAL—Kingsbury Hall, U of U.

6:00 p.m. GENERAL DANCE FESTIVAL REHEARSAL—U of U Field House and

Stadium. 8:30 p.m. NO. 2 GIRLS'DANCE REHEARSAL—U of U Field House (Girls dancing

Friday, June 11).

THURSDAY, JUNE 10 8:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. BEE HIVE CAMPOREE AND SPORTS INSTITUTE (for Stake

and Ward Sports and Camp Directors and Stake Bee Keepers)—Wigwam, Mill

Creek Canyon (Bus—60c—leaves Lion House 7:00 a.m. Breakfast 75c, Lunch

Ten Temples SI.25.Special MeetingSmall chargefor Stakefor BeematerialsKeepers—Amphitheatre.used in Camp Crafts.) 1:00-2:00 p.m.

11:00 a.m. STAGE ACT REHEARSALS—U of U Field House.

A new 10 inch commemora- 5:30 and 8:30 p.m. DRAMA FESTIVAL—Kingsbury Hall (Tickets: 60c adult, 30c chiltive picture plate in glowing 30 p.m. dren).ALL CHURCH RELAY—University of Utah Stadium.

colors. Exclusive design fea00 p.m. MUSIC FESTIVAL REHEARSAL—Assembly Hall.

of U Field House. tures all Ten Temples. Trim3030 p.m.p.m. ALLDANCEDANCERSFESTIVAL—UGATHERof FORU Stadium.FESTIVAL—U

med with gold filigree.

Postpaid in U. S. $1.98 each MIA June Conference Events

FRIDAY, JUNE II

Grounds. RECEPTION—Tabernacle Temple 8:00-9:109:3011:30 a.m.a.m. GENERAL SESSION—Tabernacle.

Bank 11:45 a.m..-1:15 p.m. STAKE MIA SUPERINTENDENTS'AND PRESIDENTS'LUNCH—Hotel Utah,

1:30-3:30 p.m. GENERAL SESSION—Tabernacle.

3:45 p.m. REHEARSAL FOR MUSIC FESTIVAL—Tabernacle.

Antique Bronze Finish—Model 3V2x4 inches 4:00 p.m. GOLDEN GLEANER SUPPER—Union Bldg., U of U Campus ($2.25—

Excellent reminder for... reservation necessary by June 5).

SAVINGSTITHING-PRIMARY PENNIES 45-7:45 p.m. ALL CHURCH RELAY—U of U Stadium.

Etc. 30 p.m. ALL DANCERS GATHER FOR FESTIVAL—U of U Field House.

Postpaid in U. S. only $1.69 each 30 p.m. DANCE FESTIVAL—U of U Stadium.

SATURDAY, JUNE 12 Templej ($2.25, reservations necesSalt 6:45-8:45 a.m.sary MASTERby June 7).M MEN BREAKFAST—Hotel Utah and

Pepper\ DEPARTMENT SESSIONS Sets MflJ&i&Mi EXECUTIVE AND SECRETARY

Hall. Stake Presidencies—Assembly 8:00-9:00 a.m. YW

in Replica finish metal antique Models 9:3011:45 Stake and a.m. Ward MIA and Presidencies—Tabernacle.

U. in Postpaid pair S. $1.00 Hall. Stake 9:3012:00 and Ward noon YM andSuperintendenciesYW Secretaries—Barratt

9:3012:00 noon Stake and Ward YW Attendance Secretaries—17th Ward. 1:30-3:30 p.m. Stake and Ward YM and YWMIA Executives and Secretaries—TaberIMPROVEMENTricLCiG ERA—9:30 a.m. and 1:00 p.m. General Sessions, Ensign Ward (9th

Cup and Ave. and D St.). Lunch 85c at noon.

Saucer Set SPECIAL INTEREST—8:005:00 p.m. Era Citationa.m. StakeAwardLeaders;Dinner,10:00Hotela.m.Utah.18th Ward (A St. and2nd

Ave.) and 1:30 p.m. Memory Grove (mouth of City Creek Canyon) all Stake

and Ward Leaders and Class Officers, Smorgasbord Lunch $1.00 at noon in

Memory Grove.

Miniature collectors'item with hand- M MENGLEANER—9:30 a.m. and 1:00 p.m. General Sessions, Monument Park Ward

painted Temple scenes in color. (975 So. 20th East) Lunch 85c. Dinner Bell for Stake Supervisors 4:30 p.m.,

Postpaid in U. S. only 75c set Monument Park Ward, $1.50, reservations necessary by June 7.

JUNIOR M MEN—JUNIOR GLEANERS—6:45 a.m. Stake Supervisors'Breakfast $1.25,

Send your order to reservations necessary by June 10; General Sessions 9:15 a.m. and 1:00 p.m.,

Institute of Religion, 274 University St., 11:30 Lunch U of U Cafeteria.

EXPLORER—9:00 a.m. Bonneville Stake House (1535 Bonneview Drive) 11:00 a.m.

Barbecue place); 12:00 Lunch noon (same Maids with Meeting Mia Joint TEMPLE GIFT SHOP (1431 Gilmer Scouts, at Yale both with Joint Ward Meeting $1.00; 1:15 p.m.

55 West So. Temple Salt Lake City, Utah Drive).

Satisfaction Guaranteed MIA MAID—7:00 a.m.—Stake Supervisors'Breakfast $1.15, 9:30 Stake and Ward Leaders,

11:00 a.m. Joint with Explorers, 1:30 p.m. Stake and Ward Leaders, Bonneville

City, visiting in Salt Lake When 85c. 12:00 Drive). noon Stake Lunch (1535 Bonneview House

in around. browse come and Many Exwith $1.00 12:00 Barbecue Session, Lunch 10:00 a.m. General noon SCOUTS—the items Temples. featuring more Drive). Gilmer (1431 Yale Explorers, plorers, Session with Joint Ward 1:15 p.m.

(Continued on page 454) 374 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CONFERENCE INDEX

Speakers Bennion, Adam S., 421 CHERISHED

Benson, Ezra Taft 406 Brown, Hugh B 401 Buehner, Carl W 426 MEMORIES

Christiansen, EIRay L 418 Clark, J. Reuben, Jr. 395 Should be

Evans, Richard L 415 Hanks, Marion D 427 Recorded—

Hunter, Milton R 433 Isaacson, Thorpe B 432 Ivins, Antoine R 403 Kimball, Spencer W 423 Kirkham, Oscar A 410 Lee, Harold B 408 Longden, John 408 McConkie, Bruce R 417 McKay, David 381, 390 Morris, George Q 429 Moyle, Henry D 430 Petersen, Mark E 413 Richards, LeGrand 404 Richards, Stephen L 393 OUR TEMPLE MARRIAGE

Romney, Marion G 436 This beautiful white, embossed record

Sill, Sterling is the only Brides book especially book 429 W designed married temple. Smith, Eldred 416 G thro the engagementfor those From the in weddingthe Smith, Joseph Fielding 400 ception, to the return home and thankyoure-

Sonne, Alma 426 notes,memory.this book will be your guide and

Stapley, Delbert L 440 Only $4.50

Young, Clifford E 420 Levi Young, Edgar 411 Young, S. Dilworth 402 MISSIONARY JOURNAL

A 'must'for every Missionary...

and the perfect gift for those going out into the Field. This

Journal Subjects lovely and is coveredis indesignedbeautifulto last,maleather. roon Every of phase the

Mission can Bible be recorded, 427.. day to day experiences'fully can Bible Revisions 395 treasured. be always. there's And

of Book 427 Mormon place for a reserved interviews, ordinances, and special dates Chastity 403, 414 408, names you'll rewant to Children 413, 390, 420, 432 andmember.

Church 392, 400, 402, 417, 426, 436

Commandments 440 Faith 432 390, 401, 406, 408, 415, 429, 421 GENEALOGICAL BINDER $1.00 History 41 1,

Honoring Parents 409, 432 leatherThis lovelybinder goldis a perfectembossed,startersimulatedbinder

Indians 423 for those just entering the fascinating field

Jesus Christ 408, 426 of genealogical research. Other binders

Jews 404 available from $3.00 to $5.00.

Joseph Smith 406 Joy 433 GOSPEL IDEALS Marriage 390, 393, 403 DAVID O. McKAY

Missionaries 390, 404 The inspired written and spoken

Music 413, 414 words of President David O. McKay.

all for rewarding book most 417 A TestamentNew of life. $4.00 seek who a better way 401, 421Pioneers

Prayer 401, 432 Priesthood 393, 402 THE AMERICAS BEFORE 404Prophecies COLUMBUS 436 403, 416,Repentance FARNSWORTH DEWEY 402 393,Restoration drama of a golden em- A graphic

Selfrighteousness 416, 423 pire that existed twentyfive hunServicemen 402, 408, 410 dredcontinents.years ago on the American$5.00

Talents 406 Temple Square 427 Temple Work 418 Testimony 429 Word of Wisdom 413 NOTE: Elder Thomas E. McKay, an

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve, was in attendance at some of the meetings, but did not speak. The First Presidency

L. Wirthlin Presiding Bishop Joseph 1186and

session SaltSOUTHLake CityMAIN4, Utah Saturdayaddressed the priesthood night.

JUNE 1954 375 The Church Moves On Events A Day To Day Chronology Of Church

The fortyeighth annual conferAcademy, which is now Weber ColMarch 1954 3 ence of the Primary Association lege.

concluded its sessions.

21 Elder El Ray L. Christiansen, AsTwenty thousand priesthood members Elder Leo A. Crandall was sussistant to the Council of the attended the priesthood session of the U tained as president of Kolob

Twelve, dedicated the chapel of the general conference. Loud speaking sys- (Utah) Stake, succeeding President

Draper First Ward, Mount Jordan tems of eleven buildings in Utah, Idaho, Ernest A. Strong. Counselors to Presi-

(Utah) Stake. and Wyoming were connected by direct dent Crandall are Elders Perry Goodwire with the Salt Lake Tabernacle. liffe and Glen Christensen. They suc2n "Highly superior"ratings were Other groups of returned missionaries ceed Elders Andrew Peterson and Glen

given the Murray Sixth Ward and servicemen held their annual reSumsion.

Men's quartet and Murray First Ward unions.

Mixed Quartet in the finals of the 1954 Elder Sterling W. Sill was set

Salt Lake Regional Spring Quartet Festi- 4 The one hundred twentyfourth 14 apart as an Assistant to the Counval, sponsored by the local Mutual Imannual conference of the Church cil of the Twelve by President David provement Associations. The twoday opened on Temple Square. Thirtyfour O. McKay.

festival also gave "superior"ratings to radio and television stations in Utah,

Arizona, Idaho, Colorado, Washington, Centerville Third Men's,Winder Ward of Bruce R. President McConkie 1r California, broadand Hawaii Oregon, Hill Second Capitol andWard Mixed,

First of Seventy 'the the Council all conference cast of the or part Ladies'quartets. "HonorableWard of the the Barstow chapel sesdedicated

sions. Laurelcrest were givenmention"Ward

Flighland ParkMen's, South Ward "Jesus, Our Risen Lord,"was the title (California)During his Branch,mission Californiatour, ElderMission.McMixed, and Lorraine Ward Ladies'of a preEaster address given by PresiConkie dedicated chapels in Bishop,

quartets. dent J. Reuben Clark, Jr., on the Barstow, Needles, and Brawley, Cali-

"Church of the Air"program of the fornia; in Williams, and the chapel of

student that System's announced radio Broadcasting Columbia for the a building Branch, Quechan at 2 7 Itapartmentswas Brigham Young network.

just outside Lamanite Yuma, members for LatterUniversity be would named the attended audience An overflow Arizona.

day Saint women. Names chosen for semiannual general conference of the

the halls are: Lucy Mack Smith, Eliza Deseret Sunday School Union in the

R. Snow, Mary Fielding Smith, EmmeSalt Lake Tabernacle. Announcement was made thatline B. Wells, Aurelia S. Rogers, Ro- n there would be a regional conmania Bunnell Pratt Penrose, Anna T. Sessions of the 124th annual genference for the Mutual Improvement

Maeser, Ellis Reynolds Shipp, Louie B. 5 eral conference of the Church conAssociations held in Los Angeles during

Felt, Ruth May Fox, Alice Robinson tinued in the Salt Lake Tabernacle. August. It will be patterned after the

Richards, Louise Yates Robison, Alice A special missionary conference, in traditional June Conference, and will be

Merrill Home, Mima Murdock Broadwhich greater missionary service was designed for the participation of as many bent, Emma Lucy Gates Bowcn, and stressed, was held in the evening in the MIA members in southern California as

Estella Spilsbury Harris. The sixteen Salt Lake Tabernacle. possible.

units house nearly one thousand women Other groups of missionaries held students. their semiannual reunions throughout -< n Grand Coulee Stake organized in

Mrs. Emma Ray Riggs McKay, wife of the city. I O Washington from portions of the

President David O. McKay, was named Northwestern States Mission, with Elder

Utah's "Mother of the Year."Elder George Q. Morris, an AsElmo J. Bergeson sustained as presi-

6 sistant to the Council of the dent and Elders Claude Kimber WakePresident David O. McKay reTwelve since October 1951, was susfield and Thurn James Baker sustained

2 8 turned to Salt Lake City, complettained as a member of the Council of as counselors. Wards were organized

ing his recent trip that took him to the Twelve, filling the vacancy which at the following: Moses Lake First, with

Mexico City. has"existed in that quorum since the Bishop James David Stevens; Moses Lake

Bishop Carl W. Buehner of the Prepassing of Elder Matthew Cowley last Second, with Bishop Emron Hopkins

siding Bishopric dedicated the chapel December. Wright; Ellensburg, with Bishop Ronald

of the Cottonwood Third Ward, CottonElder Sterling W. Sill was sustained Ellis Walton; Ephrata with Bishop

wood Stake. as an Assistant to the Council of the Dean Ross Bair; Othello, with Bishop

Twelve. Oscar Franz Yorgensen; Quincy, with

The 124th annual general conferBishop Elden James Hope; Wenatchee,

ence of the Church concluded in the with Bishop Albert Aagard Olson.

April 1954 Salt Lake Tabernacle. Branches were organized at Coulee Dam,

with President Herbert W. Schwab; and

B. Francis with President George fortyeighth conferElder was orBridgeport, annual Q. Morris 2 The of this, the 213th Robins. Membership dained Association an Apostle by President the Primary ence of

opened on Temple Square and in David O. McKay. stake now functioning in the Church

adjacent buildings. is approximately 2160. The stake was

missionaries returned and Groups of their re- 9 Presidentcated a plaqueDavid inO. McKayOgden dedicom- MarkorganizedE. Petersenunder theanddirectionMarion ofG. EldersRomsemi-annualservicemen held

unions. memorating the founding of Weber ney of the Council of the Twelve.

376 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA s

THAT ENDURES

A thing of beauty is a joy forever. Thanks to the skilled

architects whose inspired designs specified Interstate Brick, these modern chapels will be a joy forever—they have beauty

that will endure. But brick's

beauty is more than surface deep. It's economical, dependable and versatile as well as

durable. Brick offers more now

... more for the years ahead.

jgggjjgsa

"""".:.:....

Parleys Ward Chapel W. J. Eldndge,Jr., Bishop

W. F. Thomas, Architect

John Ok/and, Jr., Contractor

I 3100 TERSTATESOUTH 11th EAST SALTBRICKLAKE CITY.CO.UTAH

JUNE 1954 377

MEXICO

by Dr. G. Homer Dun

VICE PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

As Canada constitutes the northern uranium strike in the Sierra Madre, who landneighbor of the United States knows?)

and is too little known and appreciated, Of particular interest has been the the same is even more true for our great religious situation in Mexico. Had the

southern friend, Mexico. events of the ninteen twenties and

The Republica Mexicana (or, the thirties occurred today, it is quite likely

Estados Unidos Mexicanos, as Mexico that Americans north of the border is known to her own people) is, like the would have been paralyzed with fear

United States of America, a federal reof nearby "communist plots."Also, the

THE BEST JAMS OF ALL ARE public of some twentyeight states, three American press, radio, and public disNOW MADE WITHOUT COOKING territorial units, and a federal district. cussion might well have been filled with

BeThe nation's capital, the third city of much talk about the threat to liberty WHYcause it'sTHEthe BEST?cooking and

boiling that cause loss of North America, Mexico City, is located and the rise of statism in Mexico. As

PECTIN'Sfresh fruit original,flavor. M.C.P.excluin the federal district. one looks back at those events and

recisive uncooked jam pes year The Republic of Mexico contains reads the literature today in the age ol (introduced a ago) do away with this 767,198 square miles, with long coast the FBI, loyalty investigations, and red with jams and fresh make 100% fruit vor; use less sugar, yet get and fruitmoreflalines on the Gulf of Mexico and the terror, one wonders how the world and

jam. working no And is so the could Its climate with one of Ocean. calm have been America stove! the Pacific Make imagine—your FRESH

. M.C.P. close In at..BERRYand seeoverJAMSthea difhot boasts best in uncooked City occurring events hand. the world. way such Mexico

ference! a winter temperture of fact, one ponders with

HERE'S RECIPE* THE reflection, so 72 about with 85 some why 1. stem, crush Wash, thoroughly enough

in the opinion American berries to level much cups; 4 or make put in 2 4 degrees,summer—April

qt. kettle. Sift in package as reported govfavored the Mexican and May M.C.P. (no slowlyJELLY 3V2oz.PECTIN JAM

will ANDstirring other do), aside vigorously. Set efforts "hottest in ernment's these months."$ II M minutes, stirring 30 occasionally disto

solve pectin fully. This land and climate days and didn't get ex-

2. Add 1 cup light corn syrup. Mix well. nurtures some twentyfive cited. The difference is

3. Measure exactly 5% level cups beet or million people, all but perhaps measured by the

sugar cane berries. crushed into dryWarmingdish; graduallyto 100F.stir(teminto about five percent of extent of Russian power,

perature dissolving. forNobaby'shotter,milk)please!will hasten sugar them being Indian or then and now.

4. When sugar is dissolved, jam is ready to mestizo (mixed IndianIn the Constitution of

eat. Makes 4 full pints. (Note: For Spanishwhite). Fortytwo percent, ac1917, all churches in Mexico were placed

Strawberries, add Step 3, after sugar is% dissolved;cup lemonmixjuicewell.in cording to a statement of their Presiunder government inspection and their

5. Because these are uncooked jams, never dent Adolfo Ruiz Cortines, are still property "nationalized"by law. No

store pantry shelf. them on won't They

refrigeration. without keep keep for a illiterate. But Mexico, having gone denomination could acquire land. Each To

chill for it freezer, in or more, month hours 24 of revolution elect a century to represent through must or more an official or freezing or ice reof compartment cube before the long only (broken since 1810 by be responthe government and frigerator. store Then, use do milk as you and

as desired. 1867of Porfirio Diaz, sible for in dictatorship the property national

"Copr. 1954 M.C.P. Co. |S*g.

"socialistic"etc. of upheavals to it after churches, available 1911), plus the made

Complete IMPORTANT!

recipes for both cooked the twenties and thirties of this century, "nationalization"of existing properties.

jams and uncooked are is emerging as a stronger and stronger It was ruled that all ministers must be now in the being packed

M.C.P. PECTIN package. world force. Mexican by birth. The number perIf

does recipeNOT folderincludeyouthosegetfor uncooked jams, It will be well if Americans look mitted could be determined by state write M.C.P. Co.. Anaheim, Calif., and northward to Canada and southward to legislatures (in some cases one to every

they'll be sent promptly.

Mexico occasionally, and not forget obli500,000 members during one crisis in gations and opportunities with respect one of the states!). These laws were not

WHY NOT GIVE THE YOUNGSTERS A to both. Such an occasional look will strictly enforced until the regime of

TREAT THAT'S GOOD FOR THEM? help stabilize our viewpoint as more President Calles, who in February 1926

noisy crises in Europe and Asia beckon nationalized property all church not yet PURE LEMONADE!...

Everyone for attention. likes it, and it's of registration ordered transferred and

so wholesome, like so many beveragestoo; not Mexico obtains its name from the all priests and ministers before August

taste aren't that but good really so for us. Aztec wargod, Mexitl. Mexico has been 1, 1926. On August 1, 1926 the Roman good

However, lemonade made one of the world's treasuretroves. In Catholic priests "struck"in angry prowith M.C.P. CANNED production alone, test. the recorded jiffy, the of In archbishop or silver in a March 1927 - muss JUICE fuss,LEMON glass a... for pennies—withoutis pure Spanish) to 1821 (under the from 1537 that could, Mexico announced laymen is unadulter- M.C.P. pure, JUICE forLEMON

ated, rich in billion C. totaled in dollars. And over two administer emergency, sacramental.Vitamin, juice "reconstituted"

(taxable!) was production rites the recorded of marriage unction kind, of any and of extreme such. containsas unIt'sno preservativesNOTfullstrength,

dioxide or sulphur wholesome benzoate soda. this out for to watch ( Be sure when youof only a portion of the actual production. in the absence of available priests.

juice, or buy lemon canned oil, century, Its became in the twentieth Despite the of the church power and its the label carefully. M.C.P. bottledLEMON—read Mexican costs juice famous less than world govstrength when the homesqueezed) with the populace, the governJUICE

for instant ready... is always use for ernment "nationalized"("expropriated"ment held fast. Today, nearly twentylemonade, making, jam cooking—and jelly

baking, and every other and need. household it 193738. in it in the called five later, at situation years the USA) law we for Write Recipe to a the Folder FREE

bisarsenic, Its of M.C.P. deposits Laboratory, CaliKitchen antimony, Anaheim, ("socialized"the remains same much

fornia. {There's M.C.P. FROZEN LEMON lead, iron, gold, copper, cadmium, muth, relaxed 1946, education about howwas If it, too. your grocer doesn't stock JUICE,

he can get it for you.) zinc, tungsten, and other metals are ever).

rich. (There may even develop a (Concluded on page 478)

378 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA wanderer, I felt the callworiel

For childhood scenes, and here

I sought the cabin Father built,

Landbreaking pioneer.

How vividly in memory by Delia Adams Leitwr

I lived in that dear home;

One corner only now remains, It bids me, "Cease to roam, Come back to simple life, and find

Contentment for your weary mind.

That pleading I'll obey in part;

This place I'll hold within my heart.

JUNE 1954 379 BRIDE'S MEMO PRAYER FOR A YOUNG BRIDE CHANGE

By Elaine V. Emans By Lee Avery By Zara Sabin

sparrow's wing, the heeds Lord, who I to talk you. stopped with yesterday Dear ust shiny: to keep muchCo life is sing! her so She young—let ask were you you howw-'To floors, and windows, The ways, wilful her in so youth, Like

filtered silver sunlight through your The kettles, silverware,The acts, her instruct days. her well Guard hair; doors; the knobs onAnd is trusting hands love Her new—in stir soft breeze did not A in pride takes car heThe its strands. multicolored holds She

across that lay furrowed your The wave if new, it wereAs she that weave her a wisdom Grant cheek; kisses, that he hair lifeThe deceives, well. For pattern Her well said that were you You too; fingernails,And they always seem, things, not what And the springthat mentioned warming, And that shimmers mirrorThe snarl a shining dream. twist and Can

air time wall, the winks onAnd to testing times, her, in know Help of flowers; the smell thought Brought ring, slim weddingThe slow. quick, anger be must and Love

to sod sweet you; and raindamped was Of all. love, above ourBut sweet, is so and young, and She gaytoo, that,

all the her beside go way! Lord,

so to It be good seemed A SUMMER PAINTING OutdoorsAnd I agreedagain, after the winter's cold.

Today By {Catherine McClure Amyx You are not here. Your smile

Perhaps will gladden morning walks for me IN Of summerpurple—athe deepdyedironweed wearshue; a bonnet In heaven, aftervvhile.

The willow writes a green sonnet;

And the sky is sapphire blue. WITH SPACES FOR DREAMING

NOUNS FOR JUNE By Lucile V. McCurtain

By Lucretia Penny Wherespaces arefor dreaming,the long slow days with

With evening remote from the hours of the

T"\une, bayou and crater, dawn?

"Canyon, island, lake—The unhurried stretching, the time to

the window: by a printed uponNouns

morning watch for the dazzling advent page The kneel

I'd take. at tripsTo hint sunlight, of

Canyon, island, crater, To feel it tipping the hilltop and poplar,

Lake, bayou and dune—Plating the tall barn roof and glistening the

Nouns that beckon always, meadow, join the birds the with joy of To

But demandingly in June! the, leisurely of cattle! the calm And

LEGACY One rhythmmoved throughof sureness,the day with a rounded

Sure that the tasks would be done

By Mabel Law Atkinson (With spaces between for dreaming).

There was time for play with the children, looked around the room and saw his The visit, and taking one's sewing.

time always was -Photograph by Lottie Hammer Single]) There |ten.

rest the twilight porch in the on The few short hours was all he had to live.) (A the of progress slow moonrise To watch

to sit in the dark He smiled, Or just "Six stately women! Four tall THE SACRED GROVE men! spaces fill the broad with dreaming. And

To you I leave no lands or gold but give By Lottie Hammer Singley

An honored name on which you each may build If Inyougrassescould deepwalk theacrosspathwaya singingthat brook;I took SUMMER cherished castles, live your dreams, Your

and find Into a shimmering wood with rich black By Dorothy O. Rea

sod, be needs that of scandal must breath No feet Joseph's very path had where The stilled, shimmering trod, spens violets there listening see white You'd of peace your that can mar Uncleanness breeze In the prayer; soft forth her whispering wind To

mind; Where lacy fern, and flax blow free On a summer day,

For though I have but walked the lowly Sheltering the busy honeybee.

road. The wild grape lovingly intertwine; Sky's blue arch

have been as high as yonder The My thoughts Bow tall,low herwhiteheadbirch, and columbine NoisySpreadingstreamswide at play, star.

said. is being prayer her though load, As every lightened heavy love has My of which These the air pours rose wild upon The to where climb you watched I have And is there; made to grace A day an altar Incense

you are And birds like many harps combine Makes a lifetime bright

Pride in my heart. Now my short trek is To make and keep this grove a shrine.

ended, When fashioned Continue choosing pathways, broad and Can mind conceive a place more grand, In a memory to splendid."For God to give his word to man? Comfort you at night.

380 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA B'Editor's Page,

in All Things Outside Yourself

By Love"

by President David O. McKay

v#w, my brethren and sisters, the hour is In closing this conference I should like to apply drawing to a close, wherein our great it in two phases. First, either saving our lives or

conference gathering will soon have belosing them in the home. Children may lose their

come an event of the past. The sessions lives in attempting to save them. The home is the

themselves will be mere history, but the foundation of society. It is a sacred institution to

messages, we hope, will ever remain members of the Church of Christ. We believe in

on the tablets of our memories and will become movthe eternity of the marriage covenant, in harmony in ing factors in our daily lives. the home. Indeed our ideal is to have home just a

There are one or two features I should like to name little taste of heaven. Children constitute a very

before announcing the closing hymn and benediction. important part of the Latterday Saint home.

It has been most gratifying to see the number of We believe in obedience of children to parents.

young people, college boys and girls, who have atYoung people in their teens particularly, strike out tended these sessions. I refer not only to the 350 or to find pleasure, to save themselves, to seek to gratify

400 students from Brigham Young University but to desire; they seek to achieve some sensation, some thrill,

others with them, who have taken places throughout which may or may not be in harmony with the the congregation and who have manifested an interest wishes of the parents. If out of harmony with the

in spiritual things. This is most encouraging. They desire and advice of the parents, then those diildren

have come voluntarily, showing their eagerness to seek to save themselves and in so doing may lose the know something about the real things of life. happiness they seek.

It has been most gratifying to note how the Spirit Indeed, we find it applicable even among friends.

of the Lord has directed the remarks of members of One of our writers, not called a poet, but he is a the Council of the Twelve, the Assistants, the Seventy, very good, practical philosopher, Rotarian, said, and and the Bishopric, and how frequently and impresthis is to you young people:

sively the messages have been directed to the young for ought the to be true sake of the in confidence them. "You love them. We have We folks will the be read by others messages whom Wefolks.hope true. are believe you Who represented. they have

And now in conclusion I should like to say just If you're false to yourself, be the blemish one word or two and associate the thoughts with a but small, very remarkable saying of the Savior. He repeated You have injured your friends; you've been

it several times. It is a paradoxical statement. "He false to them all."

that findeth his life shall lose it: and he that loseth And this is better:

his life for my sake shall find it.""You ought to be fine for the sake of the

That form is recorded in the tenth chapter of folks the chapter sixteenth in the over Matthew, and fine. are think you Who

it different in a little way: "For again repeats Savior faith If others in you, have doubly you're

whosoever will save his life shall lose it: and whosobound

ever will lose his life for my sake shall find it."To stick to the line.

The pith of that paradox is found in the use of the It's not only on you that dishonor descends:

word life. You cannot take it literally, that you are You can't hurt yourself without hurting

spending your life, your mortal life, that you are your friends."

going to sacrifice your life in mortality, but it rather suggests two planes in life: the baser and the higher, Can you lose yourself for the good of your

the animal and the spiritual. You can apply it, with friends? If so, you will be happy. Higher than

those two ideas in mind, in any phase of our activity. {Concluded on following page)

* President McKay's summary address at the April general conference. The poem above is by Edgar A. Guest from Collected Verse,

Copyright, 1947, and used by his permission. Addresses of all the

General Authorities are in the special General Conference section, beginning on page 390.

JUNE 1954 381 lllC LflltOr S I ftjJC (Concluded from preceding page)

that, can you lose your impulses, your proud. When Festus warned him, "Remember faith, virtue, knowledge,

desires, for the love you have for your Paracelsus answered, saying, "Festus, temperance, patience, brotherly kindparents? If so, you will save your life are there not two experiences in the ness, godliness, charity, humility, diliand your home. life of a diver? One, when a beggar gence."(D. & C. 4:2-3, 5-6.)

Husbands, that applies to you. Very he prepares to plunge, one when a "He that would save his life"in the

frequently discords arise in the home prince who rises with his pearls. Festus, home, in business, in society, in politics,

because husbands desire to save their I plunge."His friend said, "We await and particularly in association with his

own dignity and have their own way, you when you rise."fellow men should lose that life for

have their own wishes carried out. Wives Years afterwards, after a life of scienthe good of others. "He that will lose his

desire the same. Some exercise their tific inquiry, and a successful life, his life for my sake shall find it."(See

prerogative to have the last word. Husfriend found him on his deathbed in Matt. 16:25.)

bands are sometimes even more eager a Greek conjurer's house. Without God bless you stake presidents, presito have it than wives. Each really is going into the story I will merely say, dencies, high councilmen, bishoprics of

trying to save himself or herself, and Paracelsus recognizing his friend, said: wards, members of Melchizedek Priestinstead of having harmony and peace "Festus, I have found the secret of hood quorums, Aaronic Priesthood quoin the home there arises discord. Inlife."rums, members of the auxiliary organizastead of saving the life of harmony in "What is it? All that I have detions—Relief Society, Sunday School,

the home, you lose it, merely because pends on that answer."Young Men's and Young Women's Muyou are seeking to save your own selfish And the great philosopher said: "It tual Associations, Primary Associations.

life, or have your own selfish way. is this: Live in all things outside yourNow I have included the entire memBetter to lose that desire. Say nothing, self by love. That was the life of bership of the Church, excepting the

and in losing your desire and that feelGod. It ought to be our life."little babes. I repeat, God bless you

ing of enmity, of ruling, of governing, In harmony with that, I read what that the spirit of this great conference you say nothing, and you gain your life the Prophet Joseph said, quoting the may go with you to bring peace into in the home. passage with which our conference your hearts as you lose yourselves for

In a broader sense you can apply opened: the good of others; harmony in your

that to life. Browning in that great "Therefore, O ye that embark in the homes as you curtail that impetuous

poem "Paracelsus"illustrates that same service of God, see that ye serve him with tendency to cause discord, as you contruth. You remember how he started all your heart, might, mind and strength, trol that tongue and do not say the

out to save himself, that is, to gain that ye may stand blameless before God thing that hurts.

knowledge as a great scientist with the at the last day. God bless the youth throughout the

intention of handing it down haughtily "Therefore, if ye have desires to serve world, members of the Church particuto the people. Festus, his friend, said, God ye are called to the work;... larly, that they may seek first the king-

"You had better not withdraw from the "And faith, hope, charity and love, dom of God and his righteousness, that people."That is the great benefactor. with an eye single to the glory of God, all else may be added unto them, I pray

But Paracelsus was haughty. He was qualify him for the work. in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Urim and Thummim

;::;'.:;: -;>-:s-Vr-J-:::;:;:::: --..;.:-;-,.-;-,,,.,..,... "Will you please tell us something about the Urim and Thummim? Was

If so,iilll! the one used by the Prophet Joseph Smith the one had by Abraham? how did he get it?"

The history concerning the Urim and and Thummim which he brought with him to this contiIfiyHill Thummim, or "Interpreters"as they are nent. These were separate and distinct from the Urim

called in the Book of Mormon, is not very clear. and Thummim had by Abraham and in Israel in the

Abraham had the Urim and Thummim by which days of Aaron. The account of this set is found in

he received revelations of the heavenly bodies, as he Ether 3:2228, and, in part, is as follows:

has recorded in the book of Abraham. (See Abraham "And behold, when ye shall come unto me, ye shall

3:1-4.) What became of these after his death we do write them and shall seal them up, that no one can

not know. Aaron also had the Urim and Thummim, interpret them; for ye shall write them in a language that

and these were, evidently from the reading of the Bible, they cannot be read.

handed down among the priests of Aaron from genera- "And behold, these two stones will I give unto thee, tion to generation. (References: Ex. 28:30, Lev. 8:8, and ye shall seal them up also with the things which ye

Num. 27:21, Deut. 33:8, 1 Samuel 28:6, Ezra 2:63, Neh. shall write.

7:65.) The Lord gave to the brother of Jared the Urim "For behold, the language which ye shall write I have

382 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA confounded; wherefore I will cause in my own due time they could not be used for the purpose of interpreting

that these stones shall magnify to the eyes of men these those sacred writings of this vision, until such time as things which ye shall write. the Lord should grant to man to interpret them. When

"And the Lord said unto him: Write these things and they were to be revealed, they were to be interpreted by

seal them up; and I will show them in mine own due the aid of the same Urim and Thummim. (See Ether

time unto the children of men. 3:2128.)

"And it came to pass that the Lord commanded him The people of Limhi brought to Mosiah a record, that he should seal up the two stones which he had "... engraven on plates of ore,"(Mosiah 21:27) which

received, and show them not, until the Lord should record Mosiah translated by the aid of "two stones which show them unto the children of men."(Ether 3:2224, were fastened into the two rims of a bow,"and which

2728.) gave an account of the Jaredites. (See Ibid., 28:1119.)

We have no record of Lehi bringing with him to In translating this record Mosiah kept from going forth

America the Urim and Thummim. The Lord did give to the people that particular part forbidden of the Lord

to Lehi the Liahona, which was a ball which directed to be revealed until after he was lifted up upon the cross.

him the way he should go, and writing appeared on it (See Ether 4:1.) These sacred revelations given to the

from time to time, but this was not the Urim and Thumbrother of Jared were kept from the Nephite people, as mim. (See D. & C. 17:1.) well as many other things, until after the resurrection

King Mosiah possessed "... two stones which were of Christ. (See Alma 63:12.) After the appearing of

fastened into the two rims of a bow"(Mosiah 28:13) the Savior to the Nephites, the vision of the brother of

called by the Nephites "Interpreters,"with which he Jared was revealed to the Nephites. When Moroni made

translated the Jaredite record (see ibid., 28:1114), his abridgment of the record of Ether, he copied on his

and these were handed down from generation to generarecord the vision of the brother of Jared. (See Ether

tion for the purpose of interpreting languages. How 4:2-7.) At the command of the Lord, however, Moroni

Mosiah came into possession of these "two stones"or also sealed up the greater things in this vision and the

Urim and Thummim, the record does not tell us, more "interpreters"—which were the same "two stones"had

than to say that it was a "gift from God."(Ibid., 21:28.) by the brother of Jared, so that this vision should not be

Mosiah had this "gift"or Urim and Thummim before made known even in our day among the Gentiles, in the the people of Limhi discovered the record of Ether. They day of their wickedness (see 2 Nephi 27:8); "... until

may have been received when the "large stone"was the day that they shall repent of their iniquity, and bebrought to Mosiah with engravings upon it, which he come clean before the Lord."(Ether 4:6.) So we today

interpreted by the "gift and power of God."(Omni 20do not have the fulness of the account written and sealed

21.) They may have been given to him, or to some up by the brother of Jared and again sealed by Moroni.

other prophet before his day, just as the brother of This part of the record the Prophet Joseph Smith was forJared received them—from the Lord. bidden to translate. We have, then, received but the

That the Urim and Thummim, or two stones, given "lesser part."(3 Nephi 26:8-11.)

to the brother of Jared were those in the possession of Joseph Smith received with the "breastplate"and the

Mosiah appears evident from the following statements plates of the Book of Mormon, the Urim and Thummim, in the Book of Mormon: which were hid up by Moroni to come forth in the last

The brother of Jared was commanded to seal up his days as a means by which the ancient record might be writings of the vision he had when Christ appeared to translated, which Urim and Thummim were given to him, so that they could not be read by his people. This the brother of Jared. (See D. & C. 17:1.)

vision was in a language which was confounded, for it was not to go forth until after the resurrection of Christ. o-3<. &&*j&ht&-

The Urim and Thummim were also sealed up so that

-Photograph by ]. K. Anderson

JUNE 1954 383 Buffalo they were, a whole herd of them, making right for the string of wagons and handcarts.

SYNOPSIS

Pamela Brownlee and her young brother Allan, English emigrants, arrived in Iowa City in 1855 on their way to Zion. Here they meet the

Saunders family and the Weilers, longtime members of the Church.

Pamela is particularly attracted to

David Weiler. Iowa City is the outfitting post for the Saints in their trek

west. David and his family join an

early company, but Pamela and Allan wait for their parents who, having joined the Church, have immigrated. The Brownlee family leave

with one of the last handcart companies early in September, and huniH dreds of miles from their valley destination, the weather turns unHi seasonably cold.

As the previous chapter closed the handcart party had met the last survivor of the Thomas Margetts company, which had been massacred by Indians.

ANDCARTS WESTWARD

\>y Helen Kimball Orgill Part 4

upon endless miles "Kind of withered, aren't they, in low, serious tones, "It is my dutyMiles—miles

three hundred of them since honey?"to break the news that it is necessary

they had left Florence—Florence, Her brother, Allan, was striding to cut the rations to fifteen ounces

Nebraska, where the decision had along, driving the Saunders'team per man, thirteen to a woman, and been made, the decision which was like any of the men. five for babies."

unalterable now. Pamela with the "Allan, what are those moving obSober faces went about the preparaothers had been dragging through the jects?"tion for supper, but Grandpa Tollihills with leaden feet, for, as usual, "Buffalo."Buffalo they were, a ver spoke cheerfully, "My bedroom is

the order stood, "Everyone but the whole herd of them, making right for well ventilated."Looking up, he

sick must walk."'the string of wagons and handcarts, went on, "Its ceiling is studded with

Baby Joseph, wakened from a nap, and only by the most skilful maneugolden lights and ornamented with was cross and fretful. He always vering were the members of the compictures of a big bear, a little bear,

wanted to be in the thick of things pany saved from being crushed under a dipper, and other nice things. And

and refused to ride. their huge feet. besides that, there is the sweet smell

"Walk, walk,"he lisped. Later, Azariah Brownlee was walkof the prairies."

"I'll take a turn at carrying him,"ing beside Elder Savage listening to Night settled and as things were

Pamela volunteered, at the same time his explanations and description of quieting down, wheels were heard lifting him from the wagon. the surrounding country. cutting through the silence of the vast

"Fowers, fowers,"he was smiling "The sharp hill ahead is called outdoors. Wagons pulled up and

and reaching for some wild roses. North Bluff. We are about six hunthere were the beloved President

She picked a bouquet but they readdred and thirteen miles on our way."Franklin D. Richards, and companily fell apart."Joining them, Captain Willie spoke ions George D. Grant, Joseph A.

384 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA harsh methods be used to tame them, that his father was manager of the was having some words with the stables of a large estate in England wouldbe cowboys. where the boy was reared.

"I won't have those horses spurred His willing offer to break more and whipped,"he admonished. horses was accepted and while he did

"But captain, how can we break so members of the company kept the beasts?"themselves busy. Brother Wright

Things were at an impasse when a rendered out the grease from a whole boyish voice cut in, "Want any help?"buffalo which was used to lubricate

They turned to see a stranger the vehicles. If youth is measured by

standing near. "Yes,"answered one ardor, then Grandpa Tolliver was inof the young men. "We've got a deed young. He kept astride his last

crazy horse here."all day long, mending shoes, for, as

Stepping close to the sweatcurded, he declared, "A good day's travel is foamcovered mustang, the stranger a wellheeled one."

touched his near quarters. "Good "Here, Kathleen, put patches on

boy,"he said. the socks and stockings,"said her

The onlookers expected the horse mother, but with a soft expression in to jump but he made not a move. her eyes, Kathleen's attention strayed

The young fellow did not pat the from the task at hand to the young horse; there was just a firm touch, man breaking horses. After he had

and then a quiet waiting. finished, she said: "You have done

Pamela and Kathleen stood arm in so much for us, please stay for suparm, gazing breathlessly at the strange per."

proceedings. Kathleen's big brown "Thank you, I believe I will."

eyes were staring at the young, manly Afterwards, while the company was figure. She noticed that his eyes relaxing, he placed Kathleen on his

were hazel, flecked with brown, and own pony and mounted one of the > that his complexion was fair under freshly broken ones, and together the bronze. The rein that held the they rode alone in the purple twihorse was slackened. A firm hand light.

Young, William H. Kimball, Cyrus was sliding along the back till it Allan was sizing things up and

H. Wheelock, Chauncey G. Webb, reached the shoulders, moving forformulating a plan. He asked the

James Ferguson, and others. They ward ever so slowly. Of a certainty young man if he would like comhad remained behind to see the Marthe creature would move now. It pany home.

tin Company and still later the Hunt didn't. Closer and closer, until the "Why, yes, I'd be glad to have you

and Hodgett wagon trains, started on hand was on the neck, crept to the come."After a few words with Capthe journey to the west. These were crest and fondled the ears. But extain Willie the two departed.

the last to take the trip this year. cept for another quiver, the horse Camp pulled up next morning with

These brethren endeavored to never moved. Twisting the foreno sign of Allan, but during lunch

cheer the weary pioneers, but they lock in his fingers, the boy slipped on the rumble of a wagon was heard.

had little success in hiding their own the bridle and jumped onto the They recognized Allan riding horsedepressed spirits after seeing the conhorse's back. After a few stifflegged back and Denton driving the team of

dition of the companies on the plains. jumps, the animal settled to a run. the wagon.

The real problem and worry was to "You shouldn't have much more Allan explained, "All night I anreach the valley before winter set in. trouble with him,"the young man swered questions about our people

Next morning a meeting was held in averred after he returned. Allen enand the gospel and he has become so

which God's blessing was invoked, gaged him in conversation and learned interested he is going along with us.

encouragement given, and rousing that his name was Denton Greene, Before they started the trek each songs sung which rent the sylvan that he was staying with an uncle morning, prayers were held. The

scene. New life was injected into the who kept a nearby mail station, and (Continued on page 455)

beloved hymn of the plains, "Come,

Come, ye Saints."

After more earnest prayers were offered up, President Richards promised to press on to the valley with alj sible speed and have relief sent v

He also agreed to purcha robes and provisions and have them waiting To replace the los.

horses, some trading with friendly IndianTSffli These animals were as wild as country which bred them. Cap

Willie, who always insisted that no

JUNE 1954 385

Panorama of Jerusalem from the Mount of Olives. Large area in the foreground is

the temple area. A moslem mosque now

occupies this area where the Temple of

Solomon stood.

Genesis we are told that AbraInham saw all the promised land.

Moses, we are told, also had this by Stanley Kimball experience from atop Mt. Nebo. Palestine is such a small country that from Part 6

certain vantage points it is entirely possible to see the whole of the land at once. Such a place was Nebi SamEven Zionism, a comparatively new Melchizedek, King of Salem to whom

will, one of the highest points in development in Judaism, "has its Abraham paid tithes.

Judea. It is situated on the direct roots in hoary antiquity. The Patri- I spent nearly ten weeks in and

route from Bethel and Ai to Jeruarch Abraham was the Zionist protoaround Jerusalem. What a privisalem. It may have been from this type.""'1 The Arabs'claim to the lege! The Mt. of Olives, Garden of

promontory that Abraham saw the Holy Land is based upon tenure, and Gethsemane, the Holy Sepulchre, promised land. I climbed this hill they also state that inasmuch as they temple area, all were as close as a

and was able to view "from Dan even are descendants of Abraham through neighborhood shopping center. I

unto Beersheba"(135 miles) and Ishmael that they have as much right never did get used to their nearness.

from the Mediterranean "over into is the "promised land"as the Jews do There were several places in JeruJordan"(fiftyfive miles). through Isaac. salem that were of particular interest

The Arabs claim descent from IshAbraham's life never lacked exciteto me in connection with Abraham. I

mael and the Jews from Abraham ment. Following this upset in his dug out the following ancient and

through Isaac and Jacob. Unto this household, we find him dragged into modern, possible and improbable

day the prophecy regarding the unthe War of Four Kings in order to sites:

wanted Ishmael and his posterity has rescue his nephew, Lot. This war The Jaffa Gate; since this gate also

been fulfilled. took place in the "Vale of Siddum,"opens on the road to Hebron (tomb

Abraham's influence on Judaism is generally considered to be the desoof Abraham) it is called by the Arabs, incalculable. A prominent Jew has late area around the Dead Sea. El Khalil, The Friend of God; The

recently written, "At the head of our Abraham obtained much spoil from Church of the Holy Sepulchre; in

religion stands Moses. He deepened this war, and here is where we meet this edifice, reared over the tradithe faith whose more ancient begintional site of "the tomb,"are also

nings may be traced to Abraham,"48 found the Greek convent of Abraham,

Abraspot traditional where the years, four thousand the last For since:\::: Y the Church and found the ram, ham considered themthe seed of Abraham 1iPBSli

It Moriah. Mt. of and Abraham; promise"of the "children the selves

.::;-vc: i'-'-;--g;:-:-;,:-::-;:: -:,. of "prayerniche the contains also dreams, f|:; * their cherished own they have

followed their own way of life, and Abraham"in a cave on Mt. Moriah.

worshiped their own God, the God I visited the Jaffa Gate only once of Abraham, "hopelessly at variance As in the time of the Christ, three lanand then was not able to enter or in Jerusalem. still necessary are is it, for Here exit this gate now through

Arabic, English, marker in see a road with every species of gentile worguageswe beno-man's-land of edge on the Hebrew. ship."50 and

386 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA -r:l

f:;;. &%&'*iwx-.'"':<$&::!mSM

tween the fighting Jews and Arabs. venerated by the Moslems as the especially interested in gazing to the

The Greek convent of Abraham is place from which Mohammed arose southeast, in the direction of the Dead to the right of the atrium or court of to heaven astride his steed, El Borak. Sea.

the Church of the Holy Sepulchre. Indeed, the very footprint of the I had always been fascinated by

The traditional place where Abraprophet is shown in the rock along this strange body of water. One day

ham found the ram is marked by an with the fingerprints of the angel a group of us took a picnic to the olive tree. Gabriel. The story goes that as the area to bathe in the saline water and

Abraham was commanded by the prophet rose, the stone started to folto visit the cave where the famous

Lord to take his son Isaac and prolow him, and it was necessary for Dead Sea Scrolls were found.

ceed unto the '"land of Moriah,"to Gabriel to restrain it. We were told the following story:

"one of the mountains"which God The Al Hararrual Shariff, the Noble "In the bleak area surrounding the would point out. Sanctuary, one of the most important Dead Sea, Arab herdsmen find little

Just where Abraham actually premosques in all the Moslem world, toof interest to do. Rock throwing is

pared to sacrifice Isaac is not known, day protects the rock and occupies a favorite pastime. One day in the

apparently. part of the site of Solomon's Temple. summer of 1947 a hurled stone

Solomon built his majestic temple From the temple area atop Mt. struck something and caused a curious

on Mt. Moriah. Today the mighty Moriah, one of the highest parts of sound. Upon investigation several

rock atop Mt. Moriah, fiftyeight feet the city, I could look off into the earthen jars containing the scrolls

long and fiftyone feet broad, is world of Abraham on all sides. I was were found."

An important part of the cache was a scroll of Isaiah that is reported to have antedated any previously known manuscript of the Old Testament by one thousand years.

Some of the other scrolls included a commentary on the book of Habakkuk and an interesting manual of discipline of a sectarian group of preChristian Judaism.

'wsS* T eaving the Jerusalem area the next point on my itinerary was

Hebron, about thirty miles to the south. I happened to be at this

particular part of my journey at

Christmas time. The very contemplation of being in Bethlehem on the

traditional eve of the Savior's birth filled me with joy.

The actual visit was almost overwhelming. Through friends in JeruThe "Harem Ramet el Khalil,"the Sanctuary of the Hill Top of a Friend. These salem, we were the guests of the

impressive ruins date from the time of Herod. (Continued on page 459)

JUNE 1954 387 sm ometMng \\i fc

<i...*. *5tS?f>

1 V <O * vii':'<>-V';--K&$$$5* ''.'.'<

TOSiSE m&U:;K>yWJ m *W?AS*5.m 2*=x:*!r?&5

fts;Ir&'{>?> 5*?S562 -: by Alary B. Winchell

tw\ he morning of December second, the school nickname, "Flick,"was one

I I after I had dressed sturdy, yellowof the big girls, fourteen years old.

X haired, little sister Ella, Bessie It was always a pleasure to be in and I were getting ready forschool. the Reeves home, for there were so

The schoolhouse, a oneroom, wooden many good things to eat, and in the building, painted red, was not far big barnyard, such interesting aniaway, and so Bessie and I could do mals to see, of different names and a few tasks before we left, though we colors from the ones we had. Even

were always eager to get there, to see the chickens were different. I supwhat had happened since we left our pose, too, we enjoyed being little girls

friends the night before. among these kindly folk, for though

'S'KS'J When we were ready, Mama said, Floy was the youngest in her family, "Mrs. Reeves has invited you girls we were the big girls at home.

to go home with Floy and stay overAfter school we hurried with Floy night with them."to our little old farmhouse, with the

"Goody! Goody!"we exclaimed. prospect of the long, interesting walk

We've never stayed all night before."ahead of us, for our house was pro-

"Stop in after school,"continued vokingly near the schoolhouse.

Mama, "to get your nightgowns and Mama wasn't expecting us so early clean aprons. I'll have them all and didn't have our things quite

ready, and Floy will wait for you. ready. She had ironed our longTomorrow is Saturday, and you may sleeved blue calico aprons, but was

stay until Papa comes for you in the pleating a piece of lace for a collar, afternoon."in the neck of each one. It was the

"I could go to Mrs. Weeves,"said custom at that time to have a collar

small, towheaded brother Albert, "I on all aprons and dresses. This lace,

went there once, and she gave me tancolored, and rather heavy, had bwead and butteh and jelly."red roses woven into it. Mama had

"You may go again sometime,"said bought it once when she had sold

Mama, "but this time the girls are some chickens at Bean's store in going to stay overnight. You stay Blanchard. It was more suitable to

here with me and little sister. She wear with calico than fine lace would

would be lonely without you, and have been. Anyway, it was what we

maybe we will have something new."had.

Small brother didn't look too conWe wished Mama would hurry.

vinced of this, and Bessie and I gave What made her so slow? We were

it no heed at all, as we hurried out the anxious to be on our way. We ran

.'I; | door and away to tell the other girls back to the road where Floy waited

at school of the pleasure ahead. All in the sunshine, then back to the

day we felt important, for Floy, with (Continued on page 474)

New Approaches to BOOK OF MORMON Study

by Dr. Hugh Nibley

professor, history and religion, brigham young university

Part 8

TheLehilifeandof theIshmaeltentdwellerseffectedwhichwas "hadbers, onetwentyabovestoriesanother.of upperTherechamis poetimpossibleintendedfor tous convey,to see orwhatto apthe

not the way of the Bedouin renedisagreement as to its height and preciate the truth and beauty of its gade, but the traditional choice of breadth, for some say each of its expression."103 One is constantly

seekers after righteousness. Lehi's conwalls measured a thousand by a thoucoming upon strange little exprescern to keep his people from degenersand (a "great and spacious house"sions that recall the Book of Mormon.

ating into Bedouins is thoroughly indeed!), while others say it was Thus the non -Biblical "white and

typical of an attitude illustrated in greater, and that each of its (20) delightsome"of the Book of Mormon

Jawad Ali's new twovolume Arabs stories was ten cubits (15 feet) high. is the exact equivalent of the Arabic

Islam, says: the the poetbefore of the AlA6sha kind And first work very early exal-hasan wa'lbiyad—a

to in Arabic. appear of author pression, 104 That while the designation

never splendid aswas And there a more notes in his opening lines that semblage of people the sea by the earliest Arab poets as the term Jahiliyah, "time of ignoThan the people of Ghumdan when they "the ocean spring"or "fountain,"rance,"is used to describe the pregathered. immediately recalls the term used

Islamic Arabs not because of their But dire calamity befell them, by Lehi's wanderers, "the fountain of of Islam,ignorance because but solves Sea,"a knotty and Red of Evenutterlyas a wailingbereft. 102 woman who has been the

their level: low cultural cut. 105 single a were with "They problem

nomadic tribesmen, living in ignoNumerous other accounts of this A recent study by Rosenblatt on rance and sloth, having no contacts and other castles are cited but the oaths bears out well what we said with the outer world, and keeping no moral is always the same: the magabout the episode of the swearing of

records."100 This state of things has nificent gathering in the great and Zoram. Among both Arabs and

always been regarded as utterly spacious building high above the earth Jews, says Rosenblatt, "an oath withabominable by the cultivated Arab, is doomed to the destruction reserved out God's name is no oath,"while (as it was by Lehi), proud though he for the haughty and the wicked. "both in Jewish and Mohammedan

is of his desert heritage: the danger If no evidence for the provenience sources oaths by 'the life of God'are

of degenerating into a desert tramp of the Book of Mormon existed exfrequent."106 So Nephi's "as the

is a real and constant one, and the cept the 8th chapter of First Nephi, Lord liveth"is strictly correct.

only way of combating it—by adab, that alone would be quite adequate to The whole picture of the racial and

a thorough training in the poetry of establish its oriental origin beyond a linguistic composition of the human therecords—hasfathers, andbeen byan theobsessionkeepingwithof jectiondoubt. toIndeedits claimsthere ofis authenticity,but one obraceof historyin thehasJareditein our eraownatdaytheunderdawn

the highminded men of the desert and that is a farfetched story that a gone such a complete alteration that throughout their history. 101 certain young man once told about those theories so stoutly defended in

In the summer of 1953 a copy of an angel. the 1920's and 1930's as the final

the eighth book of Hamdani's AlThe reader may find in our above verdict of scientific objectivity now

Iklil came into the author's possestranslations of Arabic poets ample appear almost pitifully biased. As

sion from the library of the late J. A. proof of the claim that the greatest Pittioni pointed out in 1952, a "soMontgomery, one of the great Arabists verses of those artists cannot be made ciologically oriented evolutionism"

of our time. Here is the key to one into anything remotely resembling has so thoroughly preconditioned the

of Lehi's most wonderful dreams, for good literature in English and still thinking of the experts, who have this book of the Iklil is devoted to preserve a trace of their original form "unconsciously and unquestioningly describing the early castles of Arabia, or content. To judge the Book of assumed a point of view sprung direct-

"great and spacious buildings"which Mormon as a literary work, therely from the naturalscience orienta- "stood as it were in the air, high fore, is the height of folly. Nicholtion of nineteencentury cosmolabove the earth,"filled with proud son notes that the very best oriental ogy,"that they address themselves

and finely dressed people who held poetry contains "much that to modern to the problem of origins with the the wandering Bedouins in contempt. taste is absolutely incongruous with implicit conviction that they already

The imagery is Nephi's, but it might poetic style. Their finest pictures... know exactly how everything haphave been taken right out of Hamoften appear uncouth or grotesque, pened! 107 So ingrained is this childdani: "And the castle of Ghumdan,"because without an intimate knowllike faith in the infallibility of the

he writes of one of the most famous, edge of the land and people it is (Continued on page 447)

JUNE 1954 389 ':;;:;.:..

rip,

I

Conference Secti

Addresses delivered at the 124th Annual General Conference

April 4, 5> and 6, 1954.

Present Responsibility

Of The Church In Missionary Work

PRESIDENT OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

from Sec- I take that of without qualification following exceptional a England, a Owen man of "... PHHEI tion ability, forth 4 of the religious person, Doctrine decried the work is about and marvelous a to come

Covenants. It was recorded among the children of men."departure of the churches from the

in 1829. Another significant feature of this simple teachings of Jesus. He was disconditions also with economic revelation, others the satisfied given about and

for children, of that time, he saw little a work"Nowis aboutbeholdtoa comemarvelousforth essential of is the same period, naming the children in workingamong indeed he had some his own of qualifications to were those who factories, "Therefore, ten only eight were and who O ye thatof men.embark in the participate of this bringing in the about

service of years of see that introduced the God, law ye serve him age. He qualifications work. marvelous These

of little heart, your the prohibition requiredwith all might, mind of possession not the wealth, not which and were strength, that ye may stand blameless social distinction, not political preferchildren from working at night and before God at the last day. ment, not military achievement, not limited others to ten hours a day. He

if establishing to of desires conditions "Therefore, serve desirous ye have was of nobility birth; to serve a desire but

.. are least to called at ye the ameliorate some work; which wouldGod all "heart, your mind, and

faith, love, charity of conditions hope, almost these were and. which "And qualities that constrength"—spiritualGod with at single that of glory to society in eye time. thewith an unbearable God, I soul. nobility to of tribute repeat: no

forqualify the work."(D. him C. & popularity, theological wealth, no no of leaders, confidence the He won4:1-3; 5.) in training Church Victoria's of the and (Queen Kent Duke government—yet that revelation to given the was When to a marvelous work about was come forhis father) a patron. became WithProphet Smith, only Joseph he was forth of the children men. among to his in the tune hand, he came new of years age.twentythree Book The

1823. established what about He Manifestly, higher was world some powerof yet not published; was no Mormon

society. ideal be he an hoped would this to operating bring about marvelous priestto ordained the been hadman

lost three years two he had Within other than work and mere mahumanhood. organized; not was Church The

exdollars, his thousand and hundred terial means.yet the statement written was and made

failed. periment

it is passing, interesting In to note is the address the delivered at *This opening Sunday morning session, April 4, 1954. that about that same period Robert Joseph Smith had no such royal

390 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA -Photograph, courtesy Salt Lake Tribune

patron, no potentially influential friends. were called and ordained Apostles of as near to the Church headquarters as

Over one hundred years have passed, the Lord. Provo was when President Brigham

and the work of the Church today Second: The message implied by Young traveled by horses and whitetop

is stronger and more flourishing than Matthew and stated definitely by Mark wagon. London is nearer than Fill

ever before. that, to use Peter's words, "... there more; South Africa, closer than St.

This morning I feel impressed to is none other name under heaven given George! What a marvelous age we

refer briefly to the missionary phase of among men, whereby we must be are living in!

this "marvelous work."saved."(Acts 4:12.) Second, another condition that intensiRecent visits to the various missions In these passages are also intimated, fies the importance and magnitude of the

of the world have impressed me more if not clearly stated, that there are two Church in its responsibility to the peoeverdeeply than the importance with is of ples of willingness the the world great divisions of in Jesus the Church of theand magnitude and Church, their to consecrate and women men is First Christ. the missionary, the and

its responsibility towith make more their to ability their time, means, and instruction, for second, organization muof thepotent of proclaiming gospel the of of the the advancement kingdom service. edification, tual and

Christ.Jesus associate intimately can one God. No incontribute the conditions to Four

therefore, all ye teach and na- "Go mispresidents with mission with and of of tensifying or sense the thought tions, baptizing in of the them name filled sionaries being without with comof responsibility the Church.

the Father, and of the Son, and of the mendation and praise for their sincerHoly Ghost: First of these are modern means of ity, their untiring energy, their concern

"Teaching them to observe all things transportation. These have made pracfor their associates, and for their unwhatsoever I have commanded you: and, tically all nations neighbors. When selfish devotion to the proclamation of

received Apostles I of oldlo, Twelve alway, with the the unto even you am will. peace the good and same is And

to go the the admonition from Lord of the 28:1920.) world."end (Matthew of true other in various occupations men

gospel, into to preach all the world the the charge given was Such by the throughout the and callings Church.

to Nichols, they Beverley had, quoterisen to disciples his Lord authorized of admiration, worthy Even more the over bear to the "only wind themover nineteen years ago! hundreds Such

of meriting highly gratitude the more seas, pockets, their in ais few pence only to charge the given risen the Lord by blessed intelligent, their the by many hearts. faith their in shining but ahis servants authorized the today. In

service, loving entire forgetfulness and fell ideal, their far of their short Theycorresponding given account by Mark of are themselves our wives mothers. and twisted and words mocked, were and all reads: passage intothe ye the "Go inestimable in the they work The do false their built over bones temples were toworld, the every gospel preach and

field, as missionary in too the home, in praise of a they Christ have wouldcreature.

receives recognition seldom due and yet, light rejected. their of the by And is that believeth baptized "He and I praise. for respect, profound* have loveliof inspiration, world's the manyshall saved; be believeth that but he for president's the mission wife

est of example, created, things were and many shall or benot condemned. damned,"tenderher while showing deepest who,

finest inspired."world's the minds 16:1516.)(Mark in ness his helping to her husband do

In both these records you will note Today "God has given us the power duty, yet in her own sphere, by intellitwo fundamental messages are clearly of whispering across space, of transgent, superb planning and unselfish servstated: mitting our thoughts from one end of ice, gives to any habitation the true

First: The responsibility to proclaim the earth to another."Geographical spirit of home; and by tender admonithe gospel of Jesus Christ to all the conditions or distances are just the tion and encouragement, lightens the

world is explicitly given to those who same, but in point of time New York is (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1954 391 1. That the Church is divinely esPresident David 0. McKay continued tablished by the appearance of God the

Father and his Son Jesus Christ to the heart of homesick elders with the as- A marvelous work and a wonder! Prophet Joseph Smith, and that divine

surance that they can and will succeed. Creditable chapels are now found in authority through the priesthood is givThird, the fulfilment of prophecies Finland, Denmark, Sweden, Norway, en to represent Deity in establishing

made over a hundred years ago regardFrance, Germany, Belgium, Holland, Christ's Church upon the earth.

ing the growth of the Church brings Switzerland, and throughout the British 2. That its assigned responsibility is

forcibly to our minds the responsibility Empire. Members in Johannesburg are to fulfil the admonition of Jesus to his

of proclaiming the truth. waiting for plans to build a modern Apostles to "Go ye therefore, and teach

Let us take a glimpse at what the chapel on a very suitable lot already all nations, baptizing them in the name

Church has accomplished since its humsecured for that purpose. of the Father, and of the Son, and of

ble in 1830. beginning have There the Holy Ghost: tour recent our to South America On since that missionariesbeen 67,615 time things to observe all "Teaching them of pleasure laying the the corhad

set apart, cost approximate at an whatsoever and, you: I have commanded of in to wenerstone a chapel Montevideo,

them lo, I unto the with you alway, even am a credit to any be would and their families of $54,500,- which ward 000.00. of 28:1920.) the (Matt. world."end recreaits chapel, in the with Church,

Within the last fifty years the numtion hall, and classrooms. Other sites 3. To proclaim peace and good will

ber of missions in the Church has are already chosen throughout the misunto all mankind.

doubled from twentyone to fortytwo sion. At Durban, there will be a chapel, 4. To exert every effort, and all means

today, with 1754 branches. recreation hall, and classrooms ready for within our reach to make evilthinking

In addition to what the individuals dedication some time next month. men good, good men better, and all

in spent missionary the work,have happier. people

city fastest in the In the growing inclubetween 1910Church 1937, 5. and the that truth proclaim each To

so told world, they Paulosive, us—Sao expended $18,620,028.00. is From of child a individual imand God

is lot of for price a the a chapel where inclusive, 1938 to 1953, $34,026,640.00, is sight; in his that portant entitled he

prohibitive, president of the almost the total of amaking funds from to Church of of thought, speech, freedom freedom see is authorized mission to he can what does include$52,646,668.00. not This of assembly; that the freedom he has

lot to find a suitable building do and spent the thewhat Church right between to to according worship the God for his flour- a recommendation make Iyears get 1910. 1830 not could and his dictates of posithis conscience. In

ishing branch is figures.those So that in that great city of tive a total amount declaration, that organiwe imply

million. threein dollars for servover expended missionary zations or churches deprive the which

ice of $107,146,668.00. Just let your Other branches in Brazil are calling individual of these inherent rights are

mind go back now to the beginning befor suitable accommodations. In the not in harmony with God's will nor

fore there was a Church organized, beArgentine Mission we visited six chapels with his revealed word.

fore the Book of Mormon was published, near Buenos Aires, in fact, in that city. Finally, ours is the responsibiliy to

and think how truly was the word Though it was merely an investigating make available to the tens of thousands spoken that a marvelous work and a tour, we found at each place from fifty of faithful members throughout the forwonder was about to come forth. to one hundred and fifty members waiteign missions the privilege of participat-

A half century ago there were coming to greet us. ing in the eternal nature of covenants

paratively few chapels in the missions Ever since its organization, the Panaand ceremonies.

owned by the Church. Today there are ma Branch in the Central American Not counting Kirtland and Nauvoo,

410 completed in the United States, Mission has been the recipient of the eight temples have been completed and

Canada, Mexico, and Hawaii, at a cost hospitality of Rabbi Nathan Witkins are now in use, with two more under of $8,488,431.00. There are 206 comand the members of the Jewish Church construction at a total cost of $13,758,-

pleted in foreign lands at a cost of who shared their meeting accommoda750.00.

$4,525,335.00. tions with our Church members. Here One of our greatest responsibilities is

There are 142 buildings now under an active, energetic group merit a meetto make accessible to faithful members construction in the missions at a cost ing place of their own. We express apof the Church in foreign lands suitable

of $6,058,450.00. Besides these mission preciation of the cooperation of this houses of the Lord. Tens of thousands

chapels, there are thirtythree mission Jewish group who entertained us while of them are not able to come where homes purchased at a cost of over we were there visiting officially. temples are, and where they receive the

$1,000,000.00. In Guatemala there is already being blessings of the endowment, to have

At the turn of the century there were completed a chapel with its tile flooring sealed to them their wives and their fortyfive stakes, with approximately 550 and oak finish at such a reasonable cost children for time and all eternity. Ours

wards. Today there are 212 stakes with as would make any ward in the Church is the duty to carry the temple to them.

1683 wards and 232 independent envious. It may not be expensive, but it will be

branches. Commendable progress is being made complete, and thus will churches be

In addition to this, there are 112 throughout Mexico in regards to furnishbuilt and strengthened throughout the seminary and institute buildings coming suitable houses of worship. world.

pleted at a cost of $2,788,798.00; Brethren and sisters, I cite these few On this Sunday morning, may we

Brigham Young University buildings, conditions and references not only by demonstrate our knowledge of the reali- $9,470,000.00, or a total cost of $32,464,- way of commendation to the officers and ty of Christ's existence and our love for

438.00. members of these various missions, but the gospel by renewed service to his

Now note in the wards and stakes, for the purpose of calling your attenChurch, by greater kindness and foralthough this is not directly on my tion to this important question: bearance toward our associates, and by

theme, we have nearly 1300 chapels, Fourth, if within a little more than a exercising more charity for the honest completed at an original cost of century this Church could achieve such in heart the world over.

$76,196,505.00; 351 others under consuccess in numbers, wealth, and influIn the words of President John Taylor,

struction at a cost of $34,916,707.00; a ence, how much more, comparatively and radiating his same spirit, we say

total cost for ward and stake buildings speaking, might we accomplish within to the priesthood throughout the world:

of $111,113,205.00; or a grand total for the next half century with a million and "Go to every tribe and nation;

Church buildings of $143,577,643.00. a half loyal members, with comparative Visit every land and clime;

—baptismsHere is anotherfor thosephasewhoofdidChurchnot haveworka prosperitya better understandingattending our inefforts,the mindsand withof SoundTell to toallallthethetruthproclamation;sublime;

chance to hear the gospel before they the intelligent, wellinformed people as That the gospel, died. As of December 31, 1953, there to the purposes and aims of the Church Does in ancient glory shine."

had been performed a total of 17,357,931 of Jesus Christ? God give us this power and the spirit

baptisms, and a total number of endowOurs is the responsibility, greater than of our callings in rich abundance I pray ments of 15,035,700. ever before, to proclaim: in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

392 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of intelligence is required to compretruths beautiful and vital Be "Not Ashamed of transcendentlyhend and acquire the eternal and behavior and concepts of life, human and destiny coming through revelation, than the findings of science, I do not the Gospel of Christ"understand. Both are important, all a

part of God's wise provision for humanity. Why disparage either?

There is one type of thinking with which I have some sympathy, and that is for the man who is hesitant to make

OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY professions who has not acquired the falls, live to to them. up He grateful to deeply of be asthe am Son he strength be ashamed, when man |

so in the category not however, much I sociated you, with glory in dear the of his Father cometh with my; brethren and sisters, in this the holy angels."(Mark 8:38.) of those ashamed of the gospel as of

sufficient conhave not had who I great conference of the of should the those be ashamed men Why viction of to to truth the bring them It I In Church. presence of gospel your Christ? that is conceivable

s of habits. their themselves mastery and for give thanks blessings the converted not be have and many may

of health and strength sufficient to enfaith sufficient to accept the divinity of Now while I may not have pointed able me to participate in the cause so the Lord Jesus and the efficacy of his out all of the factors and circumstances rise give state to this of being whichdear to our hearts. for gospel, I thank but having once had assurance God

I like gospel, to of the should ashamedthe testimony of his reality blessings and conviction has and the which which come to me in my youth, and grown flow therefrom, why are they so hesipass to the more important and positive throughout the years, that he lives, that tant in the acknowledgment of his goodaspects of my theme by asking the comhe is the Organizer and Ruler of the ness and merciful consideration for prehensive question, "What is there universe, that his Son is our Redeemer them? I don't know that I am compeabout the gospel of Christ to be ashamed

and Savior and the Lord of this earth, tent to point out the psychological basis of?"

and that his gospel, planned in the befor this state of mind, but I doubt that The gospel of Christ is revelation.

ginning to bring to pass the immortality a psychologist is needed to understand The Savior himself was a revelation, and eternal life of man, has been ausome of the factors that contribute to it. coming to earth to reveal to men in the

thentically restored to the earth in its Undoubtedly one of the factors is flesh the Father, his personality and fulness, after a long period of time durpride; I think a false pride, which inhis attributes. Christ himself was in

ing which its spirit and power were duces a sense of fear, nearly always no sense an outgrowth of his times and lost to God's children. without justification, that a confession environment. He came in shocking

So grateful I am for these transcendent of religious faith will make for loss of contrast to the philosophies and pracblessings which have come into my own prestige and standing among a certain tices prevailing at the time, as is being life that years ago I resolved that with class of associates. There is sometimes pointed out so impressively by our curthe Lord's help and the limited powers fear that ridicule will follow such an rent speaker [Hugh Nibley] on the Sunat my disposal I would do what I could acknowledgment, and of course no one day evening radio hour of the Church.

to extend these benefactions to my fellikes to be ridiculed because that is The gospel was restored in the latter low men, my brethren and sisters in great injury to pride and selfesteem days through revelation. Few people

the family of the Lord. With such and hard to take. acquainted with the life and history

a purpose in mind, I have selected a There are some who may regard the of the Prophet Joseph Smith, and the text today, which after the most inacknowledgment of spiritual power as a circumstances under which the restoraspiring addresses which have taken place stigma of weakness,'that the humility tion took place, will honestly contend not only at this session but also at the which is essential to the acceptance of that the great work he initiated could

Church of the Air session, I would think divine power is incompatible with have come about on his own initiative to be substantially unnecessary, and yet strength of manhood and selfdetermina- and personal capabilities. Revelation

which I fear in the interest of some at tion. That was in large measure the is the foundation of the gospel of Christ.

least, may with propriety be called to doctrine of Hitler and is today the Why be ashamed of it? Would it make

your attention. I have in mind the philosophy of Communism. I hope there anybody happier to ascribe the origin

preface to the famous definition of the are not many who adopt such a philosof the gospel to the rationalizing of gospel which Paul gave to us years and ophy of life. men? Such a position would surely rob

years ago, in the following wellknown There are some who seem to feel it of its authority and vitality. Why

words: "... I am not ashamed of the that their liberties are circumscribed by should any Christian wish to do that?

is a Christian. be not That maygospel of Christ."of He acceptance 1:16.) and (Romans acknowledgment I am the

is of his election, right within but if he spiritualinduced that to dwell forces and upon these words they are much through the observations which I have freer and better off to make no pro- a Christian, how can he be ashamed of made for many years pertinent to the fession of faith whatever. Considered revelation?

conduct of men and women both within in the light of a deterrent to wrongPriesthood is an essential component and without the Church. I have redoing, perhaps they are right, but such of the gospel plan. Why should men

marked on previous occasions that Paul a concept is really an abandonment of be ashamed of the priesthood? In grantmust have been inspired, as he gave his the underlying principles of righteousing the priesthood to man, the Lord

definition of the gospel, to look down ness and good character. has dignified and honored him as perthrough the ages of men and with Then there are those, constituting perhaps he could have done in no other

prophetic vision fathom the reasoning, haps the largest portion of that group way. The priesthood is the power by

the philosophies, and the dispositions of within the Church who seem ashamed which the worlds were created, and is men of all ages. Not only was his of the gospel of Christ, who are just... without beginning of days or end

preface justified on the premise of vision too weak to stand up under all cirof years."(Alma 13:7.) It is the specific

and understanding, but it also concumstances and conditions for the right delegation of the authority of the Lord formed to the words of the Master himand the truth as they know it to be. to administer the ordinances of the

self, when, at the conclusion of his Some of these are our socalled intellecholy gospel, and it is the requisite insermon after feeding the multitude, he tuals, who persuade themselves that vestiture of a man to receive his highest uttered these portentous words: "Whothey suffer something of a loss of caste reward in the life to come. It is the

soever therefore shall be ashamed of in the sophisticated world in which they kindest, most charitable, most considerme and of my words in this adulterous move by plain, unequivocal acknowledgate and merciful power and authority and sinful generation; of him also shall ment of the Lord's supremacy and our ever described in all literature. It tem-

*Address delivered at the Sunday morning session, dependence on him. How they come to pers and sweetens the life of him who

April 4, 1954. persuade themselves that a lesser order (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1954 393 think you suffer in obtaining the promPresident Stephen 1 Richards continued ised blessings.

We live in a world where good men holds it and blesses the lives of those and the coming forth of his Son, perpray for brotherhood and peace. I am

to whom he ministers. It is the perfect haps the greatest contribution emanating sure that to many their prayers seem in

plan of service to humankind because from the holy Bible is its historical and vain. So many years have passed since

within its province come the greatest doctrinal support for the unity of the there was a measure of good feeling of all blessings to man and woman. family in the patriarchal order. From among nations that we have mostly

Why should any man be ashamed of the beginning man and woman were to forgotten that it ever existed and this precious endowment? If he had cleave together. Marriage has been ordespair that it ever may be. Only the

a commission from political authority, dained of God, and sons and daughters Lord knows what the future holds in he would probably boast of it. I speak commanded to honor their fathers and store. We as a people are resigned to

to my own brethren when I ask them their mothers. All of the earlier prothe acceptance of his will and purhow they justify themselves in speaking nouncements concerning marriage and poses. I think, however, it is not dislightly of this sacred and divine blessfamily ties set forth in the ancient pleasing to him for us to pray and hope

ing which has come into their lives. scriptures were adopted by and infor peace, and certainly it is not out

There are men, I know, and I hope I corporated into the gospel of Christ. of order for his Church to endeavor to

won't offend by mentioning them as a Revelations given with the restoration lay the foundations for peace. It has

class, who have flippantly joked about of the gospel in the latter days have been made known to us through revelathe priesthood most of their lives. Some expanded man's understanding of this tion that a lasting peace can come only

of these men, like myself, are reaching allimportant relationship. The wedthrough righteousness and brotherhood.

an age where life's expectancy is not lock of a man and woman has been So long as the adversary of light and too long. Out of my friendship for given a significance never before mentruth is able to lead his followers in

them, I ask them to repent before it. is tioned in all Christian literature, alrebellion against God and the gospel

too late. though undoubtedly wished for and of Christ, so long will there be conflict

I mention next the wisdom which the hoped for by countless thousands who in the world.

gospel of Christ brings to us about the passed away before the new revelation I am not one wrho believes that that human body, its status and its care. came. I say wished for and hoped for conflict will never cease, for I have

We are indebted to science, and the because I feel sure that Christian men faith in the triumph of truth and of great men of research, for the developand women of firm faith in immortality God's plans. His eternal plans are

ment of much knowledge concerning the have always longed and prayed for the laid out for us in the gospel of Christ, human body. I pay sincere tribute to reunion of their families in the hereand however much stress statesmen and

those who have contributed so much after. Well, that assurance came with men of the world lay on other formulas,

to our health, our comfort, and our the restored gospel of Christ and the true Christians know that conformity longevity. I believe that there will be authority of the Holy Priesthood, under to the plans of the gospel alone will

unfolded to these devoted men of sciwhose power men and women were no bring enduring peace. The gospel proence many more of nature's secrets to more united in marriage until "death vides us with full understanding of all

combat dread diseases, to free men for doth them part,"but they were sealed the requisites. It tells us that first there

a larger measure of usefulness in the together with bonds that persist in holy must be recognition of the supremacy world. But science has not discovered matrimony for time and for all eternity, of and love of God the Father, and

the secret of life itself, its beginnings and and into the marriage covenant so essecondly, that man recognizing himself its purposes. The gospel of Christ has tablished came their children to belong as a son of God must love his fellow

disclosed that information. It has told to them forever and forever. What a man. These are the basic requirements,

us in plainness of our beginnings as satisfaction to the true lover of home but we are given innumerable instrucspirit children of the Father, of our and family! What a consolation in tions as to how to implement them.

coming to earth to take on mortal times of sad earthly partings! What a His Church has been set up in the

bodies, of our probation here, and our hope and faith to live for! earth as a tangible institution to foster

divinely the appointed if and encompassdestiny, to so elect, high win we all that loving I wish husbands and live. society This in which may menplaces to return the in our Father the on wives, fathers mothers, and have who

jurisdiction the of government is under toeternities bodies, thus come. Our lived in at past live the and who

Priestin servants the appointed spirit, Holy eternal the takehousing a on present, satisthe could peace, enjoy glorified spiritual concept which science faction, and encouragement that this hood, who are authorized to give counsel in decisions the operation and make give of that concept them.cannot Out great of doctrine the of Jesus Church

is itself of society the Church. The to that desecannot know comewe we brings. Christ can be one How

princifounded the upon fundamentalcrate the impunity, with and body exalting of this principle of ashamed salthat individual assumption and offering affront towithout him who life Is of ple and salvation? one ashamed

vation here it. and hereafter is acquired for us to havemade provision It it prefers he or she when a wedding

follows that take we cannot poisons in costly, with elaborate, a church and throughliving inourcomplianceSavior by individualwith the goodlawsinto it, or otherwise abuse it, without pageantry for social showy designed injury to our own selfrespect and withprestige, to the simple, quiet, sequestered, and ordinances of the gospel. The

overall is of function to the great Church ingratitude. inout an What sacred meaningful, service in performed

its bless all of members and God's tocentive health cleanliness of and of Is the temple she of God? ashamed

its children. of All altrupurposes are is!life lofty this their concept In major of the gospel Christ declines she when

istic It Christlike. constitutes his and of scienceaspects the demonstrations in yield to to the of requirements modesty

set in fulfil the kingdom earth to up last yearsthe to have tended hundred appropriateness in and for dress the it. set the destiny high for has he All of theconfirm of the wisdom Word sacred Is ceremonies? temple he

its of strive agencies through of devoted gospel a of product theWisdom, of the gospel ashamed cannot he when leadership faithful and to isChrist. the members thoughtful Where man muster forthe courage strength to and

great these reach ends. isor of this ashamed woman who sake a personal habit incompatible with

exalted concept of the human body? the life which is contemplated for the It endeavors to create a brotherhood

In the society of men it is pretty participants in the holy order of matriamong men in fraternities of the priestgenerally there that acknowledged for exemplify the hood oneness who friends, is mony? conyoung my who O greater of that establishmentno than his which he prayed disciples with own life, selecting template I for partners arethe Families the home. component his before departure. fraternity This entreat you, of be not gosthe ashamedunits nations, in communities and and sufficiently in extended will the world

pel of Christ. Avail of the yourselvesthoughtful assert the over people world bring peace. bring to the peace To

that if all could be right with the homes great and beautiful privileges it offers human soul and all mankind is a major of the people, the progress of civilizato you. If you do, a rich happiness will objective of the gospel of Christ. Who

tion would be assured. Next to its come into your lives that will far exis ashamed of this noble aspiration?

witness for the supremacy of one God ceed any slight deprivation you may Who is ashamed to be identified with 394 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Our Bible"

J3zAif

OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

r -have thought I might apThe "Byzantine"Greek text, which revisions of 18811885, 19001901, and | propriately talk today about in translation is our Bible, the King 19461952.

I our Bible. What I want to James Version, is said to have been the Before going farther it might be well

| say is of a technical and generally accepted text in all nonbriefly to note that, out of over four | controversial nature, and I Roman Christendom from the last half thousand known Greek manuscripts (in **'have written it out so that of the fourth century, till the middle of large part fragments), the Extreme

I might be sure to say what I want to the last century. Textualists pin their faith primarily to

say. What I shall say will have This King James or Authorized Vertwo Greek Codices, Sinaiticus (disprimary application to the New Testasion, "as far as it is translated correctly,"covered in a convent on Mt. Sinai by

ment. has been the version accepted by this Tischendorf in 1844) and Vaticanus

As of today and outside the Roman Church since it was organized. The (brought to the Vatican at Rome as

world, which uses the Latin text, there Prophet Joseph Smith undertook, under early as 1481). These are claimed to be

are two principal Greek texts of the the inspiration of the Lord, to make a the two oldest known vellum manuBible used for English translation. We revision of the Bible—not a translation. scripts. Tischendorf exploited Sinaiticus;

are today interested only in the text of This work was never completed, except Westcott and Hort, Vaticanus,, using the New Testament. The first of these as to certain portions appearing in the Sinaiticus as a supporting text, along

is the "Byzantine"Greek text. Our Pearl of Great Price. Since the work with Alexandrinus, sent as a gift from

King James Version is a translation of was not completed, the Church has the Patriarch of Constantinople to this text. The second is the "Alexnever formally adopted it, save as to the Charles I of England in the year 1628.

andrian"text (as identified by some parts in the Pearl of Great Price. Westcott and Hort prepared a new

scholars), which is the controlling text At this point, it ought to be observed Greek text from these and a few others of the translation found in the Revised that Bible critics may, for our purpose, that supported their readings (princiVersions of the last three quarters of a be placed in two schools—Extreme pally C and D). A third primary

century. There is a popular impression Textualists and Sound or High Textualsource of recent criticism is the Chester

that these Revised Versions are merely ists, Beatty Papyri—in Greek—discovered in

corrected translations of the "ByzanThe Extreme Textualists rule out 1931 in Egypt. These have been extine"Greek text. This is not the fact. the whole of the socalled miraculous ploited by Dr. Kenyon who affirms they

Of these Revised Versions, the first apelements of the Gospels—those events are "the most important Biblical dispeared in 1881 (a British Version with which lie outside the range of known covery since that of the Codex SinaitiAmerican participation), the second in laws of nature (as understood by these cus"(Tischendorf). Thus first Tischen1901 (an American Version, largely a Textualists)—and brand. all these eledorf, then Westcott and Hort, then

duplication of the 1881 revision), and ments as myths, legends, popular exagKenyon have each had his favorite the third in 19461952 (an amended geration, symbolism, allegory. One manuscripts which each interprets and

American Version). In all these transscholar has measured their thesis as uses to the maximum to develop in

lations the "Alexandrian"Greek text follows: "The Gospels, as manipulated text form his Extreme Textualist views.

controlled in certain great essentials. by the uncertain methods of this sort of The Byzantine Greek text—which is

The title page of the latest revision criticism, seem capable of yielding a the basis of our King James Version, and the Revised Standard Version (New picture of any sort of Jesus that the critic the Sinaiticus—Vaticanus text existedTestament, 1946)—in common with the desires."(Hastings, Encyclopedia, vol. side by side apparently for almost the

other revisions, is not so fully revealing 4, p. 320a—1928.) first eight hundred years; they appear

as it might be. As each of the others, The Sound or High Textualists admit to have been in virtual competition.

it carries the impression that this is a the miraculous element but seem someThen the church as a whole adopted the further revision of the King James Vertimes to treat it somewhat gingerly. Byzantine text which became the ruling

sion, whereas in fact it is rather a reWe have now to do with the Extreme text from that time till the challenge of vision of the earlier revisions. Textualists, in considering these various (Continued on following page)

of Christ, if you will always pray to

President Stephen L Richards continued him and never defame his sacred name, if you will never make light of the Holy such a lofty cause? I wish I could anchildren: If you will develop within Priesthood and the ceremonies and ordiswer: Few Christians and none withyourselves a deeper appreciation for the nances of the gospel, a spirit of rebelin the Church of Jesus Christ. I am benefactions coming into your lives lion will never come into your hearts.

afraid that answer would not be acthrough the ministry and gospel of our Your confidence in the leadership of curate, but I express the earnest hope Lord, and if you will more freely acthe Church will grow and increase.

that as the years go by and the designs knowledge in the presence of all men Your relationships with your brethren and purposes of the Lord become more his divine Lordship -of the earth, a and sisters will become more tender apparent, the number of those who measure of peace and happiness will and sweet. You will grow in faith and

are ashamed of the gospel of Christ come into your hearts and souls which in good works, and when your life's will rapidly diminish. I take the liberty will enrich your lives, and the lives mission has been completed and you

of holding out a promise to Christian of countless others, and God will bless go hence to your reward, the Savior will men everywhere and to their wives and you and make you happy. greet you, as he has promised, with

"This is the complete text from which President Then too, my brethren and sisters those glorious words, "I am not ashamed hisClark gave conference address in the in the Sunday of our of Church and kingdom you."

session,afternoon 1954. April 4, Because lack of I declaration: solemn make this that be our lot, I humbly pray in May conference, the inof time he omitted parts and Lord,

summarized parts of the text as printed here. If you are never ashamed of the gospel the name of Jesus. Amen.

JUNE 1954 395 The Virgin Birth (Matt. 1:25.)

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr. continued

In this connection it should be noted it in the middle of the last century. quoted as having observed in The Inthat the Revisionists have so manipuof birth Jesus, of lated the the account terpreter's of 180,000 Bible, that all "some this time, the ChurchDuring Roman

as give to in as recorded Matthew, alterations in Testament, its the words developed Latinhad New own text—that the that for contention the ground or to an estimated 30,000, an amountedinto Vulgate. the

is of myth. virgin birth a Jesus Matthew of verse."per average 4V2 its criticism appearance Modern made about Bible in our says—speaking the quarter, a a century For and 1700s. ofat the Once the middle about till she not her Joseph: knew "And of Latterday Christ of Jesus Church it as increased time steadilybegun, son."firstborn forth her brought had Saints the Verdeclared has King James it first to primarily related on. Atwent the follows Inspired Version The of of to sion Bible the the word be Testathethe then Testament; Old New Version. King James as incorrect reservation to a with God, the involved, while and becamement reads: Version Standard Revised The text of translations the Greek which on Byzantine Textus Rewhole text—the until borne she her not had "But knew it of Inspired Version based. was The (in translation, theceptus King James for a door the son,"opens a which finished, far as so supthe Prophet, fire, the brought underVersion)—was virginity. Mary's regarding contention all esin ports Version the King James of Textualist the objectivechief Extreme this question admit on can no We of this sentials of point the on Godhood Gospels. the endattack the By became the certain in point, was which made in belief Christ. the our Jesus With first 1800s, ofof quarter the warthe the 1 to (See great vision Nephi Nephi. of as the the BeJesus God, Son Only textfare was against "Byzantine"the ff.) Greek 11:18 overwhelming The this gotten, accept cannot any Church It vicious, unrelenting. mustopen, and (there are authority more Manuscript takes version Christ the that Jesus from the of attack the thatbe remembered fragments) of mostly them, than 4000 attribute of any Godhood. the Textualists pivoted uponExtreme Version. This sustains the King James I to shall a attention call very few of of characterpersonality Jesus and is to the take tends a that change away of sixteen) of the thousands only (some of truth the accuracy andNazareth and of birth Jesus. of the concept Christian revisions, parrenderings in these newhis works. doctrines, teachings, and Arianism. toward This bends ticularly Revised the Standlatest—the first centuries, three Christian the For

this ard Version. will that They show Sorcerer the following Simonand (Luke of Message Host Heavenly the verof accept these cannot any Church

for execrated scathingly Peter(whom 2:14.) as setting forth sions true the record

of God's word to men.

In the King James Version, the messeekinggold—seeto Actsbuy the8:17ff,Holy hereticsGhost withand

heresies, to great small, sought and shephost of to the the heavenly disLiterature of the New Testament sage oftort recognition Jesus the out or wipe the in herds, reads: "Glory to God

hereticsas the Christ. buried and Time will highest, peace, earth on good and I first In place, the that note must

heresies. heresy the of But onemost Inspired Version toward men."The of virtues the the one claimed Reby inlived again on, appearing and now the essential follows, change, without is visionists for their that work new in centuries, the usually flowingthe Revisionists Version. King The James it sets deliberately consciously and about

ecclesiastical discussions, corners ofdark this to to read: "Glory changed have to as destroy a the book Testament New I to refer in the open. sometimesbut highest, earth peace in the and on God of literature. classic supreme have They Christhe nearly that wreckedArianism is pleased!"with he among men whom fairly succeeded. well say the They

of in timetian the ConstanChurch Revisionists the Obviously, have changed is of English the King Version James is It shiftingtine. obscure an and of the scope sense the from message and is of elegance, in too beauty and much put, general in that, shortlydoctrine and all to blessing greeting to a a and men, lofty for English majestic too the and Christ. toterms, denies the Godhood restricted few. Christ's to a message I of writings times. Testament New I, ff.; History, Vol. (Robertson, 385 pp. all for affirm Scholars mission men. was ask, could too merely language any be "ArianHastings, Encyclopedia, sub voce first this in into change view comes great, elegant, beautiful, too too too

II, History, Vol. 403ism"; Neander, pp. in disappears century the second and lofty, to record sayings doings the and

ff.; Schaff, the Christian History of fifth. this the accept muticannot We of of Christ? Nazareth, the Jesus

Ill, Vol. 620.)Church, p. lation.

While not now paraded, the doctrine Elimination of Word "Miracle"lies behind the thinking and writings "The Son of God"(Mark 1:1.)

of those Bible critics who are grouped I have already noted that the Extogether as Extreme Textualists. To treme Textualists rule out the whole of Mark's opening sentence in the King

this group (as already intimated) must the socalled miraculous element of the James Version reads thus: "The bebe charged the Bible revisions of the New Testament and brand them as ginning of the gospel of Jesus Christ,last three quarters of a century—the myths, legends, popular exaggeration, the Son of God."The Inspired VerBritish, which the great body of the symbolism, allegory. To further this sion follows the King James. So do

Christian Church refused to accept; thesis of theirs, they have eliminated the Revised Versions, but the Revisionthe American, which had no better rethe word miracle whenever it occurs in ists have a marginal note that casts

ception; and the recent (19461952) the New Testament (except in some half doubt upon the phrase, "The Son of

American revision (Revised Standard dozen places) and have substituted for God,"by noting that some authorities

Version), which perpetuates the unthe word miracle the word sign. A omit these words, but they do not tell

acceptable changes of the two earlier miracle may be a sign, but a sign is not us that these words are said to be all revisions. The Greek manuscripts renecessarily a miracle. This attempt to but universally recognized in the manulied upon by the Extreme Textualists discredit or destroy miracles by changscripts and the writings of the Fathers.

seem all to be tinctured with Arianism, ing the name we give to them seems At best, this doubtraising marginal which had its birth in Alexandria, from puerile, yet over the years, if not cornote,* unexplained, carries to the uninwhich the text gets its name, Alexrected, it would leave its effect. We formed the idea that he has a legitiandrian. Latterday Saints know that Jesus did mate choice whether he will accept or

The translation found in these various perform miracles, that his ancient *Dr. Scrivener, who was one of the scholars who

revisions, contains, on the one hand, Apostles performed them, and that made the Revised Version of 1881 and carried the many passages that in effect voice Arian through the exercise of the Holy PriestcharacterizedGreek text throughby Dr. theKenyonpressas (he"theandtwo Dr.mostHortlearnedare

or nearArian concepts, and, on the hood after the order of the Son of textual critics then alive"—-1881), made, in his great

other hand, omits many passages that God, those duly authorized perform work,New TestamentA Plain Introduction(3rd edition,to 1883),the Criticismthe followingof the contradict Arian doctrines. It is affirmed miracles today. This is our testimony observations about these marginal readings: "...

that the changes they have made run to the world. We cannot accept a Bible thenothingvariousbetterreadingsthan rejectedrecorded readings,in the margindeliberatelyare

in set the refused margin, place in the text, ainto and out that in the miraculous Greek text text take the would thousands—5337 spirit lightly, in of a always too yet sometimes is lives. translation. 36,191 in the English of our manipulation Thisand Scripture."of the reader to a iffairness unlearned Holy

In a recent magazine, Allen Wikgren is prop for Arianism. (Preface, p. ix.)

396 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

reject these words. There is, on the Every Sunday School child knows, or The account in the last revision

record, no chance for a justifiable choice. should know, the Lord's Prayer found the Revised Standard Version—reads:

Here is an Arianism. in our Bible. I shall not repeat it. I "And he took bread, and when he had

will repeat the form found in the last given thanks he broke it and gave it

Christ the Creator (John 1:3-4.) revision (the Revised Standard Version) to them, saying, 'This is my body...'"

so omitting the final sentence regarding

In the King James Version John de- "Our Father who art in heaven, the atoning blood.

clares: "All things were made by him; Hallowed be thy name. Here again the doubt that was cast

and without him was not any thing Thy kingdom come, in the first revisions by a marginal note, made that was made. "In him was life; Thy will be done, becomes in the latest revision the actual

and the life was the light of men."The On earth as it is in heaven. text, while the King James Version

Revised Standard Version substitutes Give us this day our daily bread; text becomes a marginal note introthrough for by in the phrase made by And forgive us our debts, duced by the words: "Other ancient

him. The Inspired Version of the As we also have forgiven our debtors; authorities add..."(quoting).

Prophet Joseph follows the King James And lead us not into temptation, Thus the latest revision practically

Version in part, with a different renderBut deliver us from evil."completely eliminates from Luke's acing for the fourth verse: "In him was count of the institution of the sacrathe gospel, and the gospel was the life, The British and first American rement, the portion dealing with the

and the life was the light of men."visions said, "but deliver us from the atoning blood.

But the Revisionists have cast a doubt evil one,"and there was a further slight The accounts given in Matthew on these passages by a marginal note difference between the two earlier texts. (26:2629) and in Mark (14:2225) are

which adds an alternative reading which We miss from the foregoing those not substantially changed in the reomits and contracts the passage to great sanctifying words that ended the visions from the account given in the read: "Without him was not anything prayer: "For thine is the kingdom, and King James Version. But this leaves

made. That which has been made was the power, and the glory, for ever. the record where, so far as the general

life in him."Scholars affirm that this Amen,"—found in our Bible. reader knows, he may make a choice.

is a known perversion brought in by A marginal note in the earlier versions We of the Church cannot go along the Gnostics in the second century. It reads substantially as in the latest verwith a text that thus deals with the

is an heretical change. sion: "Other authorities, some ancient, elemental principle of Christianity. This,

This is another omission and change add, in some form, For thine is the too, tends to Arianism.

affecting the dignity and personality of kingdom and the power and the glory,

Christ. forever. Amen."Casting Out Evil Spirits (Matt. 17:21.)

Thus was eliminated from the Lord's

The Son of Man Which is in Heaven Prayer that great commitment made by The King James Version records in (John 3:13.) the Only Begotten in the Council of Matthew that when the disciples quesHeaven, as he countered the proposal tioned why they could not cast out an

John quotes Jesus as saying to Nicoof Satan, the record quoting the Father, evil spirit from one afflicted, Jesus, demus: "But, behold, my Beloved Son, which having cast out the evil spirit, replied:

"And no man hath ascended up to was my Beloved and Chosen from the "Howbeit this kind goeth not out but heaven, but he that came down from beginning, said unto me—Father, thy by prayer and fasting."

heaven, even the Son of man which is will be done, and the glory be thine This declaration of Matthew is in heaven."The Inspired Version folforever."(Moses 4:2.) omitted in all the revisions (including

lows the King James Version. The The prayer as given in Luke has been the latest), with a marginal note readBritish revision of the 1880's and the considerably tampered with. ing: "Other ancient authorities insert

American Standard Version (190001) Scholars affirm the changes made in verse 21, 'But this kind never comes out print the passage substantially as in the these prayers stem from the pen of except by prayer and fasting.'"This

King James Version, but add a note Marcion, the heretic of almost 1800 elimination has been made notwithwhich says: "Many ancient authorities years ago. The reliance for these standing scholars say that, as of the

omit who is in heaven."However, the changes is placed in the five manuscripts time of the first revision (1881) it is

latest American revision (the Revised (out of the 4000) adopted by the Exvouched for by every known uncial

Standard Version) leaves these words treme Textualists and scholars say these manuscript (manuscripts written in out of the text and adds a note: "Other greatly disagree as among themselves capital letters) but two, by every

ancient authorities add who is in on this point. known cursive (manuscripts written in

heaven."That is, here, as in other The Church cannot accept a text so a running hand) but one, by the Latin

places, the doubt cast in the earlier reconstructed, eliminating fundamental and other versions, and by the ancient visions is made a certainty in this last principles, as against the King James Fathers.

revision, and the King James text is Version, supported, as it is here, by the The account of the same incident in relegated to a note. Yet scholars tell us Inspired Version. Mark (9:1429) is substantially as in

that the omitted words are found in the King James Version, except that the every Greek manuscript in the world The Institution of the Sacrament phrase, "and fasting,"is omitted, with except five, in the Latin, Syriac, and (Luke 22:1920.) a marginal note giving the usual inother versions in number totaling ten, formation about "Other ancient auand in the works of thirtyeight Fathers, During the Last Supper in the Upper thorities add and fasting."

recognized certain institutedand are by Jesus Chamber, Extreme the sacrament. Inspired The Version follows the

isTextualists Luke's suspicion."as "quite account thereof as above follows: Version. King James

is again type, tookHere he of Arian a change "And thanks, gave bread, and to belittle braketending Jesus. We of the and

this alteration. This acceptChurch cannot is myit, andbodygavewhichunto them,is givensaying,for ledHereto believeagain hethe isuninformedjustified in readera choice,is

you: this do in remembrance of me. though in reality there is no justification

The Lord's Prayer (Matt. 6:9-13; Luke "Likewise also the cup after supper, for a choice. Fasting is an essential

11:2-4.) saying, This cup is the new testament element in the exercise of spiritual

in my blood, which is shed for you."powers.

In his great Sermon on the Mount, The British Revised Version text was

Jesus taught the multitude how to pray, in substance the same, but a marginal The Son of Man Is Come to Save having warned them against praying note said: "Some ancient authorities (Matt 18:11.)

in vain repetitions as the heathen do, omit which is given for you"(following who "think that they shall be heard body) and "which is poured out for Introducing his parable of the lost for their much speaking,"because, said you"(following blood). (The King sheep as recorded in Matthew, Jesus said,

he, "your Father knoweth what things James Version says, "which is shed for as recorded in the King James Version:

ye have need of, before ye ask him."you.") (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1954 397

Christ Displays His Hands and Feet

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr. continued (Luke 24:40.)

In his account, Luke follows the "For the Son of man is come to save specific suffering (Mosiah 3:7) and the salutation, "Peace be unto you,"with

that which was lost."Lord himself recounted it in a revela- a passage reading as follows, in the

The revisions omit this verse entirely tion to the Prophet Joseph. (D. & C. King James Version: "And when he had

from their text, but insert a marginal 19:18.) thus spoken, he shewed them his hands

note in their conventional form, varied We cannot accept the elimination of and his feet."slightly in the latest revision—The Reany part of the record of this great The earlier revisions (British, 1881,vised Standard Version—"Many aumoment of almost unbearable agony. American, 1901) add to this passage a

thorities, some ancient, insert ver. 11 marginal note (though printing the

For the Son of man came to save that The Words on the Cross (Luke 23:34.) verse in their text): "Some ancient auwhich was lost."thorities omit ver. 40."

the notto nailed verse After eliminated, Jesus This been has had been latest the more, Once revision—the tell of cross, as in that, planted scholarswithstanding us been and it had good Standard the Revised Version—makes

it forgive "Father, attested 1881, prayed: every ground, Jesus by known was earlier revisions, raised in the the doubt

uncial manuscript except three, by every them; for they know not what they do."and omits this passage from the text

known cursive except three, by the All the revisions print these words, and adds a marginal note reading:

Latin and other versions, and by the but add the customary doubtraising "Other ancient authorities add verse 40, early Fathers. The Universal Eastern marginal note, "Some ancient authoriAnd when he had said this, he showed

Church has read it in their churches ties omit And Jesus said, Father, forgive them his hands and his feet."

from the beginning. them; for they know not what they do."Again the doubt cast by the earlier

Here also the uninformed reader Scholars writing in 1881 say: "And revisions has become the ruling text.

feels, without justification, that he has yet these words are found in every Our collator of the 1880's comments a choice as to whether Jesus did or did known uncial and in every known curthat the words are found in eighteen not say this. sive Copy, except four; besides being uncials, beginning with Aleph A B; in

The Inspired Version of the Prophet found in every ancient Version,"and every known cursive; in all the ancient

follows the King James Version. upwards of forty of the Fathers, beginversions, and he names ten of the earlier

The omission of this verse seems ning with Irenaeus of the second cenFathers who quote them.

clearly in the interest of the Arian doctury. The Inspired Version follows the

trine. No other prayer offered by Jesus on King James Version in this passage.

Our Church could not accept this earth brings us closer to his divinity This record regarding the resurrected elimination. than this plea for his crucifiers. body of Jesus is of the last importance.

Prophet Inspired of the Version The inciloss suffer of this the reading of the King the JamesThe Agony in the Garden and the gives its testi- a doubt VerWedent,cannotnor admit on

Ministering Angel (Luke 22:4344.) sion, but inserts in brackets following mony.

the words, "for they know not what they

In Luke's record of Jesus in the Garden do,"the words, "(Meaning the soldiers Conjectural Emendations of Gethsemane, he states Jesus prayed: who crucified him)."

"42. Saying, Father, if thou be willing, Bishop Westcott and Doctor Hort, in

remove this cup from me: nevertheless Christ's Salutation to the Apostles their own built Greek text of the New

not my will, but thine, be done. in the Upper Chamber (Luke 24:36.) Testament, introduced a number of "43. And there appeared an angel changes—additions and omissions—for

unto him from heaven, strengthening Luke's account in the King James which they adduced no authority whathim. Version reads, as to the appearance of ever. A very learned collator declares

"44. And being in an agony he prayed Christ in the Upper Chamber the night that these conjectural emendations are

more earnestly: and his sweat was as it following the morning of the resurrec- "destitute not only of historical foundawere great drops of blood falling down tion: "And as they thus spake, Jesus tion, but of all probability, resulting

to the ground."himself stood in the midst of them, and from the internal goodness of the Text

All the revisions print these verses saith unto them, Peace be unto you."which its adoption would force upon

substantially as in the King James VerThe Revised Versions (British, 1881, us."Another collator likens the claims

sion, but add their doubtraising marand American, 1901) print, but cast urged for these emendations as equivalent ginal note, in their conventional doubt upon the phrase, "and saith unto to a claim of revelation, and says: "If

form: "Many ancient authorities omit them, Peace be unto you,"with a note these distinguished Professors have enver. 43, 44,"—the verses regarding the reading, "Some ancient authorities omit joyed a Revelation as to what the

strengthening angel and sweat of blood. and saith unto them, Peace be unto Evangelists actually wrote, they would

These two verses contain our sole you"do well to acquaint the world with the record of this event found in the New In this passage in the latest revision fact at the earliest possible moment.

Testament. Scholars affirm that as of (the Revised Standard Version), the ReIf, on the contrary, they are merely rely1881, these verses were witnessed by visionists have again made good the ing on their own inner consciousness

"the whole body of the Manuscripts, doubt raised in the earlier revisions and for the power of divining the truth of uncial as well as cursive, and by every have entirely omitted the phrase from Scripture at a glance,—they must be

ancient Version,"and by "upwards of the printed text, and print a marginal prepared to find their decrees treated forty famous personages from every part note: "Other ancient authorities add and with the contumely which is due to imof ancient Christendom,"including the said to them, 'Peace to you!'posture, of whatever kind."

—someFathers, of"fourteenthem, aof greatthem dealbeingolder,as old, yetYettheourpreciousscholarwordsof 1881('andaffirms:saith "Andunto RevisedThe RevisionistsStandard Version—theresponsible forlatestthethan our oldest MSS."them, Peace be unto you') are vouched revision—rather plume themselves upon

The justification offered for casting a for by 18 uncials (with Aleph A B at the fact that they have kept but one doubt upon them is that they are "an their head), and every known cursive "conjectural emendation"offered by early Western interpolation,... a fragcopy of the Gospels: by all the Versions: Westcott and Hort. This is not quite

ment from the Traditions, written or and (as before) by Eusebius,—and Amaccurate, but that point is immaterial.oral,... an 'evangelic Tradition,'therebrose,—by Chrysostom,—and Cyril, The emendation they affirm they retain

fore, 'rescued from oblivion by the and Augustine."is Jude 5.

Scribes of the second century.'The Inspired Version expands the The King James Version reads: "I will

The Inspired Version, with a slight, King James Version but does not in any therefore put you in remembrance, unimportant change, follows the King way destroy the essential elements of the though ye once knew this, how that

James Version. Furthermore, the quesrecord. the Lord, having saved the people out

tion is settled for us by modern revelaWe of the Church cannot surrender of the land of Egypt, afterward detion, for King Benjamin predicted this this passage. stroyed them that believed not.

398 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "6. And the angels which kept not McKay this morning, "Go ye into all more tolerant of contrary opinions than

their first estate, but left their own the world, and preach the gospel to some others. In the concluding parahabitation, he hath reserved in everevery creature."graphs of his book, Our Bible and the

lasting chains under darkness unto the The earlier Revised Versions (British, Ancient Manuscripts (1948), he disjudgment of the great day."1881, American, 1901) print these pascusses the Revised Versions as compared

The particular phrase of interest to sages as part of the text, but leave extra with the King James Version, and the*.—"theLatterdayangels whichSaint iskeptfoundnot intheirversefirst6 spacetext, sobetweensuggestingversesthat8 andsomething9 of theis whilesuperioritynever forsurrenderingthe revisions,the claimhe doesof

estate."wrong. They add this marginal note: yield these concessions:

The English revision (1881) pro- "The two oldest Greek manuscripts, "More than fifty years have now posed: and some other authorities, omit from passed since the publication of the Re-

"5. Now I desire to put you in rever. 9 to the end. Some other authorivised Version [British], and the dust

membrance, though ye know all things ties have a different ending to the Gosof the original controversy has had time once for all, how that the Lord, having pel."to die down. In less than that time the

saved a people out of the land of Egypt, The Revised Standard Version (again Authorised Version [King James] drove afterward destroyed them that believed making the earlier doubt cast a near the Geneva Bible from the field; but

not. 6. And angels which kept not certainty in their text), omits these there is no sign of a similar victory of

their own principality, but left their verses (Mark 16:9-20) from the text the Revised over the Authorised. The

proper habitation, he hath kept in everand prints them as a marginal note, general verdict is, we thinks this. There

lasting bonds under darkness unto the beginning: "Other texts and versions is no doubt that the Revised represents,

judgment of the great day."add as 16:9-20 the following passage:"in the New Testament, a very superior

The American Version (1901) was Then follow the verses named. Greek text.";

identical save for two words: how is One collator (1881) says these verses This is the Extreme Textualist view,

omitted before "that the Lord,"and "are recognized by every one of the but not the view of the opposing school which is changed to that after "angels."Versions,"are "attested by every known—the High or Sound Textualist. KenThe Inspired Version of the Prophet Copy, except two of bad character: by yon continues:

Joseph follows the King James Version. a mighty chorus of Fathers: by the un- "There is no doubt that in very many

The Revised Standard Version faltering Tradition of the Church uniplaces, especially in the prophetical and which retains Westcott and Hort's conversal."And a second collator of the poetical books of the Old Testament and

jectural emendation—reads: same era affirms that he defends these in the Epistles in the New, it makes the

"5. Now I desire to remind you, verses "without the slightest misgiving."meaning clearer and represents the

though you were once for all fully inReferring to the first noted collator, the original more accurately. On both

formed, that he who saved a people second one says that the first "has now these grounds the Revised Version is out of the land of Egypt, afterward dethrown a stream of light upon the indispensable for anyone who really stroyed those who did not believe. 6. controversy"in a tone of "one who is wishes to study the Bible. On the other

And the angels that did not keep their conscious of having triumphantly mainhand, it is universally felt that very own position but left their proper dwelltained a cause which is very precious many of the verbal changes introduced ing have been kept by him in eternal to him."by the Revisers, especially in the Goschains in the nether gloom until the The elimination of these last twelve pels (where they are more noticeable

judgment of the great day."verses of Mark would undoubtedly add because of the greater familiarity of

No one with an understanding of the comfort to the Arians. If this whole these books), are unnecessary and disgreat truths announced in Abraham 3, record could be discredited, their cause turbing.... In the Gospels the sense

would have eliminated "first estate."would be that much advanced. It is of discomfort from the constant changes

The expression "nether gloom"may be gratifying to note that the great scholar of the familiar words is too great, and good mythology (we do not know), but Scrivener thought his contemporary Burthe changes, where they do not rest on it does not describe any Christian congon had successfully established their a change in the text translated, are uncept. authenticity. necessary.... It is true that the AuThis emendation sufficiently estabIt is not opportune now to discuss thorised Version [King James] has

lishes the unreliability of the Revised almost innumerable instances from struck its roots too deeply into our lanStandard Version, so far as the Latteramong the thousands of changes by the guage and literature, and is itself too day Saints are concerned. Revisionists. Many, many of them are great a monument of literary art, to

We shall consider one more omission, on a par with those we have mentioned. be dispossessed without a preponderating

perhaps the largest individual omission Enough has been said to show that the balance of loss. We can no more do

made in all the text, and certainly Latterday Saints may not safely accept without the Authorised Version [King among the most important the latest revision as containing for James] than we can do without Shakethem the word of our Heavenly Father speare and Bacon.... Both are now

The Last Twelve Verses of Mark for his children, nor a dependable recessential parts of our heritage; and the

(Mark 16:9-20.) ord of the work and mission of our final verdict must be: The Revised for

Lord Jesus Christ. We must cling to study, the Authorised for reading."

These tell that Christ first appeared to the text that has guided us for a century (Kenyon, Our Bible, pp. 24344.)

Mary Magdalene, who reported to the and a quarter. This may be the final verdict where

disciples, but they believed not; then of We will close by quoting a few senthere is not too much concern over

the appearance of Jesus to the two tences from Dr. Kenyon, who seems Arian doctrines denying Godhood to

disciples on the way to Emmaus, who more than any other to be today, the Jesus, and other erroneous doctrines, butreported to the disciples, who still beleader of the Extreme Textualists—to be to the Latterday Saint, the final verdictlieved not; then of the appearance to the looked up to by the rest—and who is must be that no text that minimizes or

eleven who sat at meat, whom he redenies the Godhood of Jesus, can be proved for their unbelief and hardness regarded as the word of God, no matter of heart, and then commissioned them how old and respected the manuscript to go into all the world and preach the may be which sets out such views.

gospel, telling them of the signs that To the Latterday Saint, Jesus was the would follow the believer, with their Christ, the Only Begotten, the Son of powers to heal the sick; and finally of God, a member of the Trinity. All our

Christ's ascension into heaven sitting on modern scriptures are to this point, and the right hand of God, with the disciples the true ancient scriptures will neither scattering to preach to the people, "the take away from, nor destroy this everLord working with them, and conlasting truth.

firming the word with signs following."God grant to each and every of us

It is in this section of Mark that there this priceless testimony, I ask, in Jesus'occurs that passage quoted by President name. Amen.

JUNE 1954 399 "But that every man might speak in

of the world; Savior "The Field the name of God the Lord, even the faith also might increase in "That

."* the"Thatearth; mine everlasting covenant

established; be might Is White.. the "That fulness of my gospel might

be proclaimed by the weak and the simple unto the ends of the world, and before kings and rulers.

"Behold, I am God and have spoken and are of me, it; these commandments PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OP THE TWELVE

in their given were unto my servants weakness, after the manner of their have always taken a great inIt is rather remarkable, is it not, that language, that they might come to terest in Section 4 of the Docall the great religious teachers of the understanding.

of passing trine the of since time the and Covenants, one world, as they erred it might inasmuch "And

this to youth that the time reason being the Apostles that it was given known; be made

I directly to my greatgrand- went out into the woods to pray, had "And inasmuch as they sought wisfather, who made inquiry to no clear understanding of the nature of dom they might be instructed;

know what the Lord would have him God. "And inasmuch as they sinned they

do. Second, because I have always The men of the Protestant Reformamight be chastened, that they might

considered that this revelation was writtion did not understand it, and in their repent;

ten to me, not only to me, but also to endeavors to correct the evils that they "And inasmuch as they were humble every man in the Church holding the saw then existing, it never entered into they might be made strong, and blessed

Holy Priesthood. their minds that the doctrine that had from on high, and receive knowledge

It was not intended as a personal been proclaimed since the third century from time to time.

revelation. or the fourth century of the Christian "And after having received the recMay I make a comment? I do not era was not in accord with the revelaord of the Nephites, yea, even my servwish to detract from anything that has tions given by the Apostles of God as ant Joseph Smith, Jun., might have

been said by President McKay, but I they are recorded in the New Testament. power to translate through the mercy

would like to make this comment in That never entered their minds, but of God, by the power of God, the Book relation to verse 4: "For behold the field they continued that same doctrine of of Mormon.

is white already to harvest; and lo, he the mysterious nature of God, that Jesus "And also those to whom these comthat thrusteth in his sickle with his Christ lost his body after the resurrecmandments were given, might have

might, the same layeth up in store that tion and was swallowed up in some power to lay the foundation of this he perisheth not, but bringeth salvamysterious way into the great body church, and to bring it forth out of tion to his soul."of God, ethereal in its nature. obscurity and out of darkness, the only

There is a great responsibility resting Now, when Joseph Smith went out true and living church upon the face upon the members of the Church, both into the woods to pray, he had no unof the whole earth, with which I, the men and women, to proclaim the words derstanding that the Father and the Lord, am well pleased, speaking unto of eternal life, but more especially upon Son were separate Personages. I am the church collectively and not indithese men who have accepted the sure of that. How would he know it vidually

priesthood with a promise that they after listening to the teachings of the "For I the Lord cannot look upon would be true and faithful and would ministers of his day? But he came back sin with the least degree of allowance."

magnify their callings, and in the verse after the manifestation was given to (D. & C. 1:1731.)

that I have read the Lord proclaims him, having been instructed by the Son I wish the Lord could have said, and this fact: that if we fail in the duties of God with that knowledge clearly in I wish he could say it today, that this

that are assigned to us and refuse to his mind, and proclaimed it to the is the only Church upon the face ofaccept the responsibilities which come world—that Jesus Christ is literally the the earth with which he is well pleased

from that priesthood, that we ourselves only begotten Son of God in the flesh, considering this Church individually.

are in danger of losing our own salvaand that he is in the image of his That he cannot say, but if we would tion. It is a great responsibility resting Father. humble ourselves, if those who are wayupon each of us to proclaim this truth to He gave that great truth back again ward and indifferent, who have received

a benighted world. I say benighted beto the world, and unfortunately many the testimony of the truth would repent,

cause for hundreds of years they have of them, even to this day, are not ready and if every man and every woman and been without the guidance of the Spirit nor willing to receive it. child who is old enough to understand

of the Lord and tbe proper understandNow, in the preface to the book of would turn unto the Lord with full ing of the things which are written in Doctrine and Covenants, the Lord's purpose of heart and honor and serve the scriptures. They have not had a preface, the first section in the book, we him as we are commanded to do, the

correct understanding of the nature of have some proclamations given for the Lord would be able to say it.

God, not until the Prophet Joseph Smith benefit of the world which I would like The day is promised when righteouscame to reveal it. to read to you. ness shall prevail, and when it shall cover

Strange as that may be, considering "Wherefore, I the Lord, knowing the the face of the earth as the waters do the plainness with which the doctrine calamity which should come upon the the sea, and I am sure that many of us is taught throughout the scriptures, and inhabitants of the earth, called upon will have to humble ourselves if we live so plainly presented this morning by my servant Joseph Smith, Jun., and to see that day, and if we do not humble

President Clark in his radio talk, that spake unto him from heaven, and gave ourselves, and should that day come,

Jesus Christ is the Son of God, that they him commandments; we will have to be removed.

are separate individuals or personages, "And also gave commandments to Brethren and sisters, let us keep the one the Father and one the Son, but others, that they should proclaim these commandments of God as they have the world did not understand. They things unto the world; and all this that been revealed. Let us set the example

do not understand it today notwithit might be fulfilled, which was written before the people of the earth, that standing the fact that the Lord has by the prophets they, seeing our good works, may feel made it so plain through the revela- "The weak things of the world shall to repent and receive the truth and tions that came through the Prophet come forth and break down the mighty accept the plan of salvation, that they

Joseph Smith. and strong ones, that man should not may receive salvation in the celestial

* Delivered at the Sunday afternoon session, April 4, counsel his fellow man, neither trust kingdom of God, and so I pray in the 1954. in the arm of flesh name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

400 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Our Debt to the Past

> \t

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

r—jpMRETHREN and sisters, there are If for a moment we become personal, May we, as we leave this conferfflfMkm times when silence would it is not because our experiences and ence, not forget them, but let a flood of

ffS seem to be more appropriate heritage are unique—they are but typical letters go out to them, expressing our wmfmjm than speech, when one is so of the lives of Latterday Saints—but we faith in them, letting them know that

1 overwhelmed that speech is are thinking now of a father, willing we are praying for them.

no longer an adequate meall his life to lay everything upon the Thank God, too, for the great privilege dium of expression, when one could altar, sending boys on missions, building of associating with the students in wish that he could broadcast a message up new areas, struggling against the Brigham Young University, the inspirafrom his soul without opening his elements. We are thinking of a pioneer tion that comes from those thousands of

mouth. mother, a woman who somehow had the valiant young Latterday Saints, fruits

Some years ago we took our little genius to inspire in the hearts of each of the gospel, nourished and sustained family down to the Grand Canyon of of her seven sons and seven daughters by the blood of their pioneer ancestors.

the Colorado. The children were young. a sense of their individual worth and Truly they are thoroughbreds. We alWe stood where thousands of you have who predicted for them blessings in the most envy you young people who are

stood, on Inspiration Point, and we future predicated upon observance of listening in, and who are here today, saw with awe and wonder the depths, envy you the future, dark and difficultthe distances, the majesty of that scene. law.We are thinking too of our companthough it may seem. Do not allow the

We felt our littleness and insignificance. ions, and I am sure all of you brethren huge events that are darkening the horilistening are and are assembled who who souls, for to intimidate your zon God stood there absolutely As speechwe

in will join tribute to those a know who to will time equal your and you makeless, with our arms other, each around still best, us in weaknesses, our and parents task. led your one same who Thelittle slipped in her Mary hand mine

to contrive of bring out us somehow if will forsake stand him you by you said, don't thinkand "Daddy, you we of potential something our worth; who forth not. as with go envy you you to We pray?"ought

better into love pray our us being and increased the improved and methods great this Looking out upon canyon selves. been reference has power to which faces,of realizing that and out beyond not This speech be made would now poet, say, the with made, and wethere in, are other listening thousands it for of of not choicest the one were

is smittenagain one sense of with a faith of Israel. daughters the Her and Ye that have faith to look with fearless

itlittleness insignificance, again and loyalty chart and love were sail and eyes that prayerseems the only be would life's voyage. compass and on God, strife, O at of world a tragedy the Beyond ofappropriate speech. form man A for thee our companions. thank we We night of that death out and And know is talk to afraid to he when Godmay infor grateful, too, are the hallowing rise shall totalk join in men. then you Would of fluence children in the home. They life: of ampler The dawna of continuation beautiful the prayer like storm. in us hold the anchor an heart, the rend anguish Rejoice, whatever offered inthat invocation the was by their knelt think back by we when We priceless the dower given has you That L.]President God [Golden Woolf, which to affliction, beds nurse through them

gratitude forexpressed thanks our in these great times and have your and To live called to bless and when on we God partblessings? All of to the indebted us are restore us; he them, and heard we

past, and I am sure we could, with thank God for the influence of their lives That ye may tell your sons who see the profit, join in prayer and thanksgiving upon us, and for the continuing divilight to God for those who preceded us. dends of their love and loyalty. In Freedom's crowning hour,

like of us,All streams, the mountain High for that the privilege thank in the heavens—their heritage to God We

take for ourdepend volume and quality of upon has ours the been working with the springs and tributaries that lie far young people of the Church. The in- "I saw the powers of darkness take their

back in the hills. spiring message of our beloved Presiflight;

Indeed some of us are aware this dent about conditions in the world and "I saw the morning break."f

morning of sustenance from tributaries the need for missionaries makes those which have their source on the other of us who have had that experience Now, while it would be inappropriate side of the valley of life. We thank feel, as I am sure these mission presito even mention the first personal prothee, our Father, for our ancestors. Many dents here today must feel, how great noun in this speech, it would be unof us look back through five generations it would be if there could be a hundred grateful indeed if reference were not

of Latterday Saints. We think of thousand of them. I am sure each made to the gratitude that fills our

them who were associated with the mission could absorb all the missionhearts for the privilege that now is ours

Prophet, of their trials and difficulties; aries that we now can send. to associate with these great men, a

their heartbreaking experiences in KirtThank God for the privilege of workprivilege that must not be misread as land and Nauvoo; their "subsequent ing with those young people, worthy merit. We love and support and honor

journeys across the plains with their ox descendants of pioneer stock, faithful, them. We thank God for the privilege

teams or handcarts; and for some of full of integrity and faith. They have of sitting at the feet of greater men

them the memorable march of the meant so much to our lives. than Gamaliel of old who tutored

Mormon Battalion. They established Humbly we thank God for the pricePaul.

themselves in this desert land, and less privilege that has been ours to God help us all that we may add to some of them were called by the Auassociate with the men in the service, our faith, virtue, and to virtue, knowlthorities of the Church to move again men who are willing to die for freeedge, and to knowledge, temperance, and go into even more rugged and fordom and country, and have the courage and to temperance, patience, and to bidding areas extending from Mexico to live the principles of the gospel. We patience, godliness, and to godliness,

to Canada. We thank God for our have seen them coming back from brotherly kindness, and to brotherly

great progenitors. With Nephi, we feel bombing missions, kneeling in their kindness, charity. God grant that these

that to be born of goodly parents is one battle dress and talking to God as few things may be in us and abound, in the of heaven's choicest blessings. men talk. Thank God for the privilege name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

associating with the servicemen. God 'Delivered at the Sunday morning session, April 4, of fFound on

: bless1954. them. to Sir; credited theOwenbodySeaman.of an Australian soldier and

JUNE 1954 401 Sunday Afternoon Session, April 4, 1954 firesides to go out and find their brethren of the priesthood, to warm them up and make them feel necessary, that ceases to be a statistic but begins to

said, "Greater love hath he meant when Be Engaged in approach what the Savior must have. this. 15:13.) than.."(John no man

Surely they are finding their friends.

If they will keep it up, the fruits of that action alone will activate their A Good Cause brethren until there will not be any necessity for doubling of positions in the various wards and auxiliaries of the

Church. It will also have its effect upon

the home. When the Church was organized with six members in 1830, it was

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY prophesied that it would fill the earth.

I should like to say this about a man children. wife and four and a They

six. this any Whenever man in 1N Tuesday, April 6, 1830. sixthe men who handle the great organizamake

men gathered in the home of tion of the priesthood. They are learning Church takes his proper place in the

I; IB the Whitmer lamily and orhow to preside and to conduct their home as head of that home, under the

\ ganized the Church. I can affairs so that the body of the priesthood righteousness of the priesthood, and

t, remember with what surprise is beginning to take its place. takes care of his family the way he

I learned for the first time, I have on my desk a number of should, raising his children to believe, years ago, that it did not happen on a statistics which would bear out that to have faith, and to accept the princiSunday. Apparently the sixth day of thought. I should like to refer to just ples, the ultimate destiny of that family,

April was more important than the day two of them which I think are imthe final end to that man will be the of the week. Joseph Smith, the Prophet, portant at this moment. same as though he had organized a

on the; day of the organization of the There is a quorum of elders in a city church. In the final accounting, his

Church, ordained Oliver Cowdery to not far from here. (I shall not identify place will be so high that his six will

fee one of the Presiding Elders; Oliver it.) The members of this quorum are have swelled into a multitude. So we

Cowdery ordained Joseph Smith to be composed largely of men who do shiftmay, ourselves, brethren, do things one of the Presiding Elders. Thus there work; consequently their time is eaten which will duplicate for us, alone, what

were two presiding officers over four into at the moments when they should the Prophet has done so nobly for us others. be attending their meetings. That quoall.

Last night I sat with the assembled rum of elders, under the direction of a Well, that is using the priesthood. I

multitude who filled this building. Represident who seems to know how to have often wondered what would hapports said there were in the neighbordo it, with the able assistance of two pen to a man who suddenly found himhood of nine thousand men here. If very splendid counselors, has had for self without it. Many of us do not

we should take all of the men who the past two or three months, if the care much about it and let it go, but are presiding officers in the Melchizedek facts are reported correctly, fiftyfive suppose we did not have it? Suppose

Priesthood, the stake presidencies who percent of his men attending the weekly we could not use it? Suppose we sudguide them in their work and the morning priesthood meeting. He took denly were told we could not exercise it?

high councilmen who assist the stake sixty percent of them to the monthly I had such an experience one time presidencies in directing the efforts of priesthood meeting of the stake. He during World War II. My son had

the presidencies of quorums, and put has them organized so that there is not occasion to come home on a furlough them in this building, the group would a class in the Sunday School of his from his army camp. It was during

be just about as large as the number ward, but where one of the elders is the time that conference was being here last night. In 124 years, the assigned to sit there, with the lesson all held, and in obedience to the request of

Church and its Melchizedek Priesthood prepared, ready to take part in case the government, the Church had ceased has grown sufficiently so that officers the regular teacher should fail to come to hold its meetings in this building but would now fill this building. The or should need assistance. was holding them in the Assembly

bishoprics or officers of the Aaronic The same thing is done in the other Hall. Consequently, because of its size,

Priesthood are not included in the total. auxiliaries, in case they are needed. admission had to be by ticket. Unless

I do not detect that Joseph Smith Such is the possibility of quorums of the a man had a presiding position in the ever lacked confidence in the destiny priesthood if they recognize the need. Church, he could not get a ticket. There

of the Church. How much of our day The remarkable thing about it is that was just not enough room to have anyhe could see I do not know. I suspect there is not a man who holds the body come but the stake and ward

the Lord showed him the ultimate priesthood but what if he feels necesleaders. The Presidency of the Church

end, if not all of the immediate steps. sary and wanted leaps to the cause. in their kindness, thinking of these

I always marvel that he did not waver Your job, brethren, is to make them boys who needed an extra lift, saw to as to what was going to be accomfeel necessary and wanted. it that any boy who came home on a

plished. He did not set a timetable, Another instance: There is taking part furlough cpuld have a ticket and get

but the assurance is there for all of in a bit of work a large body of the Melin. I recall bringing my son down

us, to read, and to understand that chizedek Priesthood quorums from about from Ogden and stopping at the south the Church will fill the earth. We 135 stakes. I estimate there are somegate and watching him go through. As

are now well on the way. We should where in the neighborhood of a thouthe guard let him pass and closed the

not waver ourselves because it cannot sand quorums. In one item, that of gate in my face, I pressed up against the

be stopped. From the beginning with whether or not the presidents of the bars, watching him as he finally disaptwo officers we have grown until those quorums and their counselors will visit peared into the open door of the Aspresiding could barely squeeze into this their members often to encourage them, sembly Hall. And then I think I knew

tabernacle. there has been an improvement of more what it means if a person suddenly canWe have been a long time learning than four hundred percent. Now, that not do what he would like to do in this

how to use presiding authority. Offiis a statistic. I do not like statistics, Church, cannot associate with those

cers have been appointed by the hunbut I would submit to you that when with whom he would like to associate.

dreds and have not known what to do the president of a quorum, and his coun- I was completely cut off from my rights.

with their appointments. I believe selors, pick up their hats and their I held the priesthood, but I could not

there is, and has been going on for some coats and with courage in their hearts exercise it. There were doorkeepers and

time, a new awakening in the hearts of and humility in their souls, leave their attendants, and gardeners, and ushers 402 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA there—but I was not allowed to enter. priesthood or who is the wife or child you must go after them, you must meet

I turned away with the dreadful feeling of one who holds such priesthood. them, you must visit them, and you

of being left out. I hope I never have I can think of one scripture I should must make them feel necessary and

a similar experience again. It was a like to apply to you, you men who hold wanted. Then watch them respond.

lesson to me of what could happen to the priesthood and who preside over the This is the scripture:

me if I lost my rights. I do not want priesthood, because without your active

to lose my rights. I want to be able, presidency, nothing much will happen. Verily I say, men should be anxiously

when the time comes, to walk through In this Church, men have been taught engaged in a good cause, and do many that gate and meet my family and my to wait until they are appointed to do things of their own free will, and bring to loved ones and then go on to that destiny something; men normally do not volunpass much righteousness. (D. & C. 58:27.)

which is reserved for those who desire teer to hold office or perform service.

to be righteous. I believe I echo the That is a traditional method. So if May the Lord help us to do it, I

feeling of everybody who holds the you want these men to work, brethren, pray, in the name of Christ. Amen.

With FAITH in GOD

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

y beloved brethren and sisobservation rather than experience, but the moral effects of its infringement ters: My wife once asked it is a fact that throughout the world could be entirely overcome and forgotif Father, "Do you ever get a tremendously large proportion—too ten. It is true that there is a law of

over all that, being nervous large marriages the repentance and forgiveness and when a proportion—of

. to the conferbetter it that are you speak produce not entered into do we is when but how much

ence?"And he said, "I the desired happiness. In order to begin life in that capacity, if we do not

haven't yet."And neither have I. guarantee it there* must be a proper have to invoke that law for that par-

I seek an interest in your faith and foundation for it. I have been trying ticular offense. I believe it is possible

prayers, that the testimony which I may today to think of some of the foundafor fathers and mothers, if they set the endeavor to bear may be directed by tion stones; and who should lay them, example, and teach under the Spirit

the Spirit of our heavenly Father. We as well as when the laying of them of God, to get close enough to their

have listened to some wonderful testishould begin. children to lay such a foundation.

monies today. I hope that mine may It seems to me that the purpose of the After having laid the stone, then

be in full harmony with what has been family relationship is to furnish bodies they must build upon it, and that buildsaid. to spirits who are waiting the opportunity ing must be the reflection of a chaste,

There are many things for which I to tabernacle in the flesh. I have come virtuous, honest, upright life on the

am truly grateful, especially the testito think that when we assume the part of the father and mother of the mony that I have as to the reality of obligation of offering such a tabernacle, family. You know and I know that does

the Sonship of the Christ, that he lives, we should be equipped, if possible, to not always exist, but it should always that he has done a wonderful service produce a perfect one, and to that end exist, when a family starts out.

for you and me and that he has preour lives must be wellnigh perfect as Children should be taught that there pared the plan for us, which, if folto chastity and moral purpose. is a greater likelihood of success if the

lowed, will give us the joy for which I believe the foundation should be contracting parties have community of the Book of Mormon says that man laid in the beginning by the parents interests. It may not always be imexists, and will bring us back into the who, when entering into marriage, perative, I presume, that they should

presence of God with the ultimate posshould give due consideration to their belong to the same church, but the sibility, if we attain to perfection, of anticipated children. Those of you who chances are better if they do. It may

Godhood. are beginning now, and those of you not always be necessary that they have

There are many things requisite to who are in the process of rearing famithe same background, but the chances that. President Richards referred to lies, should bear that in mind for it is are better if they do, and the chances

one of the most important of them toincumbent upon you to lay the foundaare always better if they do not rush day, and that is the family organization tion stones for the happy marriages of into the union thoughtlessly, not unentered into with the approval and your children, to teach them the rederstanding each other. Then they

under the authority of the priesthood sponsibility of it, so that as they apshould be taught that there may be obof God, sealed by a servant of God proach that age, an age when there are stacles to surmount as they move along and under the holy spirit of promise. certain urges developing within the together in married life; that victory

It should be our purpose, brethren human body, that they should have over these obstacles is what develops and sisters, as we approach this situa- a high moral and religious purpose and strength and power and ability. I do

tion, to do it in all seriousness, underbe able to dominate those impulses, not know whether we would have been standing its tremendous potentialities bringing them under absolute subjecso much better off if He had made it and responsibilities, with a determination, so that when the time comes, the so there would never have been any tion in our hearts that we will do contracting parties can enter into the sorrow come into a family organization everything we possibly can to make it temple of God and make the promises because I think that is one of the ways a success and to enjoy in that relationthat are made therein to each other, God has of testing us and mellowing ship the Spirit of God, our heavenly realizing that they have a right to us. When we survive them, when we

Father. do it. There is nothing that will tend can put our arms around each other in

One of my friends, one day, in talkto make a marriage happier than faith a mutual feeling of faith and of trust ing to me, said, "You know, Antoine, if in each other, and there is nothing, and reliance, then we develop from

I were God, I would have done things I think, that will produce greater faith those obstacles. That, brethren and

differently,"and I said, "How?""Well,"than the testimony of each to the other, sisters, I believe, is our duty to our

he said, "in the first place I would have of a pure previous life. children, to teach them so that when

fixed it up so that whenever a man The physical dangers from the nonthey enter into this relationship they married a woman, he would have been observance of the law of chastity can will be sweet and clean, with faith in happy."well be overcome, but I have never God, realizing that the marriage they

I prefer to think he was talking from yet found anybody who could say that (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1954 403 spiritual purpose, and the relationships

Antoine R. Ivins continued that are entered into in the family

should always be directed by the Spirit celebrate will not end with this life, our heavenly Father, find a few of the of God. If that could be, we would

but that it is to be for all eternity, and, solutions as we grow older, it would always be happy in that relationship, consequently, it should be properly be much easier for many of us. The and then we would have a solidarity

done and done under the inspiration of court records tell us that these things in our organization that would astound the Spirit of God. Then, I believe, it do happen. They ought never to hapthe world.

would always be safe. pen in a good Latterday Saint family. I do not want to say more today, but

But after having gone that far, Our efforts should be to so live that I plead, brethren and sisters, for an efbrethren and sisters, we are not always we will have claim upon our heavenly fort on our part to so instil in the hearts safe. There are too many cases where Father for his Spirit to help us over and minds of growing children, who

older people fail. Many of the things these rough places, so that the example are our responsibility, a desire to make

which disrupt families are trivial in the we set to our growing children, and to this the highest social relationship that extreme, and many of them come about, their children, when they come along, there is, a grand, glorious religious privijust because people cannot bring themwill be one above reproach. lege entered into with the approval of

selves to acknowledge that the things The family, we have been told, is the the priesthood of God, with a determinathey do they ought not to do and to foundation stone of our society. It is tion that nothing under heaven shall

try to make adjustments for them with not brought together just that we may ever disrupt it.

each other. enjoy each other's association here. As God bless us in it, I pray, in the name

If we could, under the inspiration of I have suggested, it has a higher, more of Jesus. Amen.

The Word of Our God Will Stand

OF THE COUNCIL OP THE TWELVE

1 feel humble, my brothers and And another is the marvelous feeling not commanded him not to preach | sisters, as I occupy this posiof faith that the Lord plants in the Christ and him crucified in the streets of: tion. I pray that I may enhearts of the missionaries. I have seen Jerusalem, and his reply was: "Whom

\ joy the Spirit of the Lord for missionaries in the field who would shall men obey? God or man."(See

8, thehere.fewSincemomentsour lastthatconfer-I am testimonygladly haveof giventhe truththeir thatlivesthefor Lordthe ActsI thank5:29.) God that among the marvelence, I have had the privilege, by aphad given to them. ous things in this Church is this wonderpointment of the First Presidency, of We had a missionary in our mission, ful spirit that binds the Saints together

visiting the islands of the Pacific, and who was on his second mission, and and motivates the members of the now I think I can understand why he told of when he was on his first Church to be willing to sacrifice, in

Brother Matthew Cowley loved those mission. While at lunch, two men rode order to build the kingdom of God in

colonies and people as he did, because up on horseback and said, "Aren't you the earth.

I found the love they had in their holding a meeting this afternoon?"and I would like to say a few words about

hearts for him. It was while I was in he said, "No, we hadn't planned on it."another phase of this great and marNew Zealand that I received the word "Well,"the man said, "there is a whole velous work that has appealed to me,

of his passing. Those people truly love group over at the chapel waiting for and that is the fulfilment of prophecy.

him, and as you travel through the you, and they expect you to come."So As I read the words of Isaiah, I read

Church and you feel the faith and the the missionary said, "We will be right that the Lord has planned all of his spirit of the members in whichever over,"and when they arrived they work from the beginning, and he has land you happen to go, be it in those found a posse of men on horses with permitted his prophets so to announce lands, or in the Hawaiian Islands, or in lasso ropes, and they said, "We are unto the people. That is why Peter

Europe, you cannot help but be imgoing to string you Mormon elders up tells us that, tree."thispressed missionary the to words of the Apostle with happened This

also have a of sure more word We bit said: witty, a he he said, to and "Well, bePaul, when whereunto well that ye ye do

is is all right, there but that no as hurry prophecy;take heed, a light unto that in shineth

For ye are all the children of God by about it, is there? Come on inside, and a dark place, until the dawn, and the day

faith in Christ Jesus. let's talk it over,"and before they got star arise in your hearts:

For as many of you as have been bapthrough, the leader of the mob took Knowing this first, that no prophecy or tized into Christ have put on Christ. the two elders home with him. But the scripture is of any private interpretation.

old in prophecy the For not time came as facing death, were, they is there even is there Greek, neither nor There Jew of holy will the but God of man: by men is it neither free, there fear there were,neither nor because but no bond was

as they the spake Holy were moved by all in are for one ye female: normale Spirit the of the marvelous Lord has

(II 1:1921.) Peter Ghost. 3:2628.) (Gal. Jesus.Christ this into work. put

I have heard it said, I have never And so, today, we have the more

And that to me is one of the marvelread it, that once the Prophet Joseph, sure word of prophecy, and as I read ous things about this Church, about when he appeared before the President the prophecies of the scriptures and which President McKay spoke this of the United States, was asked the those of our modern prophets, I am morning, when he told of the andifference between this Church and sure in my own mind that there has nouncement the Lord made to the other churches, and he said, "The differnever been a period in the history of

Prophet Joseph that a marvelous work ence is that we have the Holy Ghost,"the world when there were as many was about to come forth among the and then I thought of Peter before he prophecies being fulfilled as there are children of men. The faith and the received the Holy Ghost, how he denied today.

unity and the oneness that exists among the Christ three times during one night, There will not be time to go into the Saints of God wherever you find and after he had received the Holy the details of what has transpired in them, whatever their color might be, Ghost, you remember, when he was the restoration of the gospel, in the is a wonderful thing to me. asked by the chief priests, if they had gathering of the Saints to these valleys

404 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of the mountains, in the building of his friends said, "Brotherso-andso, the regathering of the Jews. At that

these holy temples. I think of the words wouldn't you rather pass on into the time, it was a wasteland, with very few

of President Young when the cornernext world, where your wife is and so people there, and today they are going stone of this Salt Lake Temple was many of your loved ones, and so many back by the thousands and by the hunlaid, when he made this statement: of your friends?"And he rebuked him dreds of thousands.

"This morning we have assembled and said, "Not much. I have lived to I have in my heart a feeling that it

on one of the most solemn, interesting, see the Lord accomplish so much in this will not be long until the Presidency joyful, and glorious occasions that ever dispensation, I want to stay as long as of the Church will feel to open up have transpired, or will transpire among I can and see him finish his work."the missionary work among these people,

the children of men, while the earth It would be an interesting thing were because the Savior indicated that the continues in its present organization, there time to consider the prophecies fulness of his gospel would be preached and is occupied for its present purposes. that are yet to be fulfilled, but I do unto them in the latter days and not

And I congratulate my brethren and want to say a word about what is going only that, but also in a revelation to sisters that it is our unspeakable privion over in Jerusalem and the Holy the Prophet Joseph, he indicated that lege to stand here this day, and minister Land at this present time. So many of the gospel was to be preached, as Presbefore the Lord on an occasion which the prophets, and the Savior of the ident McKay pointed out, to all nations,

has caused the tongues and pens of world, himself, and particularly when to the Gentiles, first, and then to the

Prophets to speak and write for many he visited the Ncphites, have told of Jews, so that the day will come when scores of centuries which are past."the day when the Jews would be gathwe will carry the message to them.

(Discourses of Brigham Young, p. 632, ered back to that land and how the I have one specific little illustration

1925 ed.) Lord would fight their battles and how of how it would appear the Lord is

Think of it! Some three thousand he would do a marvelous work among working with them I would like to

years ago, the Lord permitted Isaiah them. And when you read what is refer to here today. First, I will read

and Micah to see this temple, and they going on and see how they have be- a few words from Zachariah, the twelfth declared: come a nation today, it is a wonderful chapter:

thing. shall In that the the defend day Lord it shall last the to pass in come And contrast then I And the prophecies is of inhabitants hal that Jerusalem; anddays, that of the the mountain Lord's

to relation their regathering and feeble at that as be day shall them among shallhouse in established of with top the be the mountains, and shall be exalted above their rebuilding of their temple and David; and the house of David shall be as

the hills; and all nations shall flow unto their rebuilding of the waste places that God, as the angel of the Lord before them.

it. have been desolate according to the And it shall come to pass in that day,

nations the I will seek to destroy all that shall go people and And many say, Come prophets for generations, the many with 12:8-9.) (Zach. against that Jerusalem. come to the let usye, mountain and go up of of prophecy Isaiah with respect to the

to of of Lord, the the housethe God their fight destruction of city great the said of he Lord would Babylon. The his will us of ways, teach he andJacob;

at You the be strong, should battles they will remember that time and it was 2:2-3.) (Isa. his paths. in will walkand we

city the greatest all in It like went David David. the world. unto When

Do we need any better evidence of is interesting to read the descriptions out to meet Goliath, no mortal man the fulfilment of this prophecy than of it, with its beautiful gardens, and would ever have thought that in and these great congregations that are asyet Isaiah announced that that city of himself he could have conquered sembling here to worship the Lord and would be destroyed; he said that it that great giant. David went forth, and

to listen to the words of his prophets would never be rebuilt, that it would when Goliath ridiculed him, saying, of this dispensation. never be inhabited from generation to "Am I a dog, that thou comest to me

I think also of the words of Jesus, generation, that it would become the with staves?"David replied: "Thou

as he walked along the way to Emmaus abode of reptiles and wild animals, and comest to me with a sword, and with with his two disciples, "But their eyes that the Arabs would no more pitch a spear, and with a shield: but I come

were holden that they should not know their tents there. That was a declaration to thee in the name of the Lord of

him,"and then after listening to them that the greatest city in the world would hosts, the God of the armies of Israel, tell of the events that had transpired in not only be destroyed, but it would also whom thou hast defied.

Jerusalem pertaining to the crucifixion never be rebuilt. "This day will the Lord deliver thee

of the Lord, he said: "O fools, and slow No one would dare say that of any into mine hand,"and by that same

of heart to believe all that the prophets of our great cities today. Now, contrast power, the Lord is today wresting this

have spoken."And then he began with that with the destruction of Jerusalem. great land of promise and delivering

Moses and the prophets and showed The Savior said it would be plowed as it back unto his people. (See I Sam. 17:

them how that in all things the prophets an acre and not one stone would be left 43, 45.)

had testified of him and what would upon another, but all of the prophets A short time ago, when a committee transpire as part of his ministry and declared it would be rebuilt, and not was sent there by President Truman, his labors. And then we are told that only that, but that her waste places they were told by Chaim Weizmann,

he opened the understanding of his should also be restored until it should the first president of Israel, that it was

Apostles, that they might understand become as the garden of Eden. their belief in a "mystical force that

the scriptures. (Luke 24:16, 25.) And the desolate land shall be tilled, would return the Jews to the land of

And then we are told by Mormon whereas it lay desolate in the sight of ail Israel, that had kept them alive."

that "... the eternal purposes of the that passed by. In the Jewish Hope, of September

Lord shall roll on, until all his promises And they shall say, This land that was 1950, was an article by Arthur U. Michshall be fulfilled."And then Mormon desolate is become like the garden of Eden; elson. I will not take time to read it,

the and desolate waste and ruined and of Isaiah.''said, prophecies the "Search of a visit but he tells he to Jerumade

are fenced, inhabited. become and are in the cities then he salem, experience known thatAnd heard made the he when (Ezek. 36:3435.)

day when these prophecies should be of the Jewish army. They had only one

fulfilled, that it would be given unto If you read your current magazines, cannon, and were facing the Arabs with the people to understand them. (Morsuch as the article that appeared in the their welltrained and equipped army,

mon 8:2223.) March Reader's Digest about what is and so when they used this cannon,

And as I read the prophecies of Isaiah, going on over there, how the men use they moved it from place to place so it seems to me that the Lord almost the Bible to find where the springs and the enemy would think they had many, permitted him to live more in our day wells were, and the reservoirs and the and every time the cannon was fired, than when he was actually upon the iron mines, it is a marvelous thing, they would beat tin cans in order to earth, for so many of his prophecies and that land is being rebuilt. make a lot of noise so that the enemy

deal with the latterdays and the things I could not help but think, as I read would think they had many cannons.

that are to transpire in this dispensation. some of these articles, of how Brother I want to read what he said about

I think of the words of one of our Orson Hyde would feel today. He was what happened when the armies of

worthy patriarchs, not so long ago. sent there in 1841 by the Presidency of Israel were about to give up:

He was in his nineties, and one of the Church to dedicate that land for (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1954 405 sufficient to cause a whole army to leGrand Richards continued surrender.

In permitting these Three Nephites "One of the officials has told me how to realize that God was fighting for to tarry upon the earth until he, Jesus, much the Jews had to suffer. They had them."should come in his glory, he must have

hardly anything with which to resist And then he told about another case had in mind some great things for them the heavy attacks of the Arabs who when one man with a white robe and to accomplish in bringing about a fulwere well organized and equipped with a long beard appeared, and they all saw filment of his promises. Whether it was

the latest weapons. Besides, they had him, and they gave up their arms. Now they who convinced the army of the

neither food nor water, because all their I do not know, but the Lord said that Arabs to surrender, I do not know, supplies were cut off.... he would do something for the Jews in but this I do know: That what is going

"At this critical moment, God showed the latter days, and when he permitted on in the Holy Land should convince them that he was on their side, for the Three Nephites to tarry upon this one that the Lord is moving rapidly he performed one of the greatest mirland, he said: toward restoring the Jews to the land

acles that ever happened. The Arabs of their fathers and is giving them that

will they behold be And the among Genits land redeeming it from and waste theirsuddenly threw and arms down the Gentiles shall and know them as condition, the prophets foretold. have theirsurrendered. delegation When apnot.tiles,

In closing, I give of the you words flag,peared the asked, white with they will also be the They among Jews, and

Isaiah. I believe the words of the prophare led three the you, that"Where men shall the not. Jews know them

and where are all the troops we saw?"And it shall come to pass, when the ets with all my heart.

fit in his seeth that Lord they told wisdom that did they notThe them Jews grass withereth, the flower The fadeth: all tribes scattered minister the unto for shall anything of the threeknow men, but the of our shall word for stand God Israel, all of nations, unto kindreds, andthis their entire force. group was The (Isa. ever. 40:8.)

shall tongues people, bring out and and said that persons, they threeArabs saw souls, their that Jesus of them unto many iswith beards long flowing white and prophecy great To one of the me fulfilled, also desire because be and may robes who warned them not to fight of the convincing power of God which is evidences that there is really a God and any longer, otherwise they would all in them. (3 Ne. 28:2729.) that he is directing his work and will

be killed. They became so frightened do so to its ultimate decreed destiny,

that they decided to give up. What an Whoever these persons were, they and I bear you this witness in the name

encouragement this was for the Jews seemed to have "convincing power"of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

Trust in God MM

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE Do the Right

Y beloved brethren and my teens, a particular course of study in Some will hate thee, some will love thee, sisters and friends: Humthe Young Men's Mutual Improvement Some will flatter, some will slight,

bly I acknowledge the Association made a deep and lasting imTurn from man, and look above thee, great honor, privilege, and pression upon my life. It was a series Trust in God and do the right.

is of responsibility lessons of charwhich on the development rule safest Simple guiding, and acter. into your mine, as I look often I have that wished that light, Inward peace inward and

—thankfulfaces. I amtogratefulthe LordforthatthisI amconferenceable to thecourseseriesmightwasbe a repeated.group of Thelessonsfirst onin TrustStar uponin Godour andpathdoabiding,the right.

be here, to mingle with you, partake of courage. There is a rather interesting

this sweet spirit, and grateful to him sidelight which I recall. In those days At the head of that first chapter apthat he has seen fit to call these general in our manuals, it was not uncommon peared those reassuring words of Joshua,

conferences of the Church and the to carry advertising, and I remember later used as a theme in MIA:

quarterly conferences in the stakes of that on the lower front cover was an

Zion. advertisement which read as follows: Be strong and of a good courage; be not

afraid, neither be for the thou dismayed: largest, best. "Oldest, Business LDS just offer in desire to a I have mind thee thy whithersoever is with God College. Sessions, a $7.00 Day ofa encouragement and and hope word goest. 1:9.) month; thouLord (Joshua

Sessions, a $4.00 month."I this afternoon. a Nightadmonition owe

great deal, as all of us who are gathered It is not about the advertisement that And then the Psalmist:

here do, to this great Church and king- I wish to speak, but on the flyleaf of dom of which we are a part. Throughthat excellent course of study there apBe still, and know that I am God.

out my life, I have felt very keenly my peared a few stanzas from a "Selected"(Psalm 46:10.)

the under caption, poem "Trust in God to this, kingtheobligation and Church

It blessing, great and brethren is a my Right."the and Do to gratitude of God, anddom my my sisters, to peace, to have inner have an

lot Father that been hasheavenly my brother, Courage, do not stumble, spirit of serenity, to a assurance, have an this people.cast with is thy path Though as night; dark strife of times during inward an calm

star There's it a to guide the all possible for to of us humble were I wish during times of sorrow and and struggle, in Trust right. and do the God trusts inplace our completely and God It is soulsatisfying reverses. to know

to keep his commandments fully. I wish Let the road be long and dreary, that God is at the helm, that he is mindwe had the courage, the faith, and the And its ending out of sight, ful of his children, and that we can

strength of character so that we would Foot it bravely—strong or weary, with full confidence place our trust in

in very deed place our trust in our Trust in God and do the right. him. I believe that all the truly great

all of his keepheavenly Father and of earth the been have men who men "policy"cunning, and is Perish that do and whichcommandments trusted in striven have and God who Perish all light; that fears the

right. Whether losing, whether winning, to do that which is right as they underMany years ago, when I was a boy in Trust in God and do the right. stood the right.

406 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I have often read the words of AbraAnd you will recall, the word came Our heavenly Father is continually ham Lincoln when he said, back to him: mindful of us. It is his "work and glory"

possible. of to exaltation the make man

I this rules full world, God soul; peace a thine be unto thy... am My son, is outlined whicfh course has he Thebeliever that afflictions adversity knows what thine shall God wants and be He

stature to but simple, able yet men's make to pleasesa which It a man him. small moment; do—that fear. free reflect living confident from is never that if well with it heeds then, well, shall who thou man endure And God

it not... without the assistance of that exalt thee on high; thou shalt triumph over Hear his words:

Divine Being, I cannot succeed, with that thy foes. (Ibid., 121:7-8.)

assistance I cannot fail. Let him trust in me and he shall not be

... (Ibid., confounded. 84:116.) this to the pointed out Lord Then

offered similar he And admonition this great that of prophet man, God, sisters, So, there for brethren of and the earth, may nations as the my have all for these things the given been had there persecution; opgreat other come come spiritual great Americans may and of of gaining experience, purpose helpposition; reverses; there there leaders. come Said Lincoln: may to ing for build responsigreat the him criticism misrepresentaand come may bilities of lay that him. ahead is It of the nations How as of duty as well tion. questioned. Your motives be may

to reassuring their are of sweet the and words the dependencemen upon own if attacked. place But be You may weoverruling of confess to their God, power that the occasion Lord on memorable trust in our that the Almighty do andsins transgressions in and sorrow humble as counseled: he

is right, will there inner which an.. come. to recognize the and sublime truth

that those nations only are blessed whose... know thou, my son, that all these assurance, an inner calm, a peace that

God is the Lord. things shall give thee experience, and shall will bring joy and happiness to our

be for thy good. souls.

I thrilled, as as did, sure you fear I am not do, can what man In in the in Washington, my office for chief executive, shall elected, stoodour forever ever. be with you newly and. God.. therefore, of Agriculture, established Department

(Ibid., 122:7, 9.) at that occasion, of solemn the timeon I President Lincoln, by have Abraham

his inauguration, offered a and humble in a small frame these words of the to his sons of Lord, speaking The to prayer In the Almighty. majestic great Emancipator: dispensation membership and the simplicity President Eisenthis D. Dwight

the following adof his Church, gavehower petitioned on that occasion: If to try less to read, I were answer, much

revelation: in another monition all attacks the this shop on me, made might

... Give us, we pray, the power to as well be closed for any other business.

to sons, for good, not Fear do whatright clearlydiscern my allow from wrong, and I the best do very very know how—the

shall that reap; ye soever sow, ye alsoall to actions our be governed and works I I best to can; so doing keep and meanI

if therefore, also shall reap good ye ye sow this of thethereby laws land and by If until all the end. brings the out end me

for your reward. for that of theso. our.. good good work is right, all may said against won't what amount me

little flock; fear not, good; do Therefore, for glory.beloved country and Amen. Thy If to anything. the brings out end me

let for against hell you, earth and combine right angels ten swearing wrong, would I was

It is reassuring to see men in high if ye are built upon my rock, they cannot make no difference.

prevail. in in in government, church,

... the soberness perform with work is spirit the life should which all of And that walks of the places,business—in I you. have commanded which lives characterize the of the Latterday their afraid are acknowledge notwho in doubt thought; every unto Look me

is let right, Saints. consethe are what "Do notdependence upon (Ibid., 6:3336.) not. not, fear toGod—who afraid to trust him—not afraid to try quence follow,"goes one of our favorite

to do that which is right. You will also recall the admonition hymns. Shrink not from duty where it

Yes, God is at the helm, my brothers he gave to the early disciples of this is made known. Keep the commandand sisters. I know it, and you know it. dispensation, recorded in the Lord's ments. Trust in God and do the right.

Surely no group of people in all the preface to the Book of Commandments, In the early days of the Church, you world has greater evidence of that fact the first section of the Doctrine and may recall, the Lord frequently praised than do the Latterday Saints. Even Covenants: the elders for certain things they did,

during the days of persecution and hardbut ofttimes he would chastise as well, forth shall they go none shall and section in the 60th And of the Doctrine andship, continually encourthe has Lord for I the have stay them, Lord commanded after Covenants, giving and words a few to trust in his us to keep him,aged (Ibid., 1:5.) them. praise, of said: he is to that do whichcommandments,

right and then be unafraid. So among the Latterday Saints, parBut with some I am not well pleased,

We live in a world of fear today. ticularly, there should be no fears, even for they will not open their mouths, but

Fear seems to be almost everywhere in a world where many people are they hide the talent which I have given.of of fear the them, because man. for placepresent. fear there But is no the bombs, about concerned atom

is for such, unto kindled anger mine hyWounto Saints, Latterday the fearing are amongamong where drogen bomb; many against (D. C. them. 60:2.) & keep the fearand comare talkingmen women who and some Communism

their trust in placemandments, depression. of a who fully need be There sisters, as and And so my brethren

arethe Almighty, not afraid fear of Latterday in the hearts who to no President out pointed so beauRichards get down on their knees and pray to Saints. People who live the gospel, who tifully this morning, let us never be

our heavenly Father. keep the commandments, who trust in ashamed of the gospel of Jesus Christ.

I remember an incident in the life God and do that which is right, need Let us never be afraid to do what is of the Prophet Joseph. God bless his never fear because God speaks peace right. Let us trust in God and keep his

memory! He had been persecuted with to the honest in heart through his Spirit. commandments, for this is the whole

his people, driven, and at this particular Said the Lord in the 11th section of the duty of man.

time he was in Liberty Jail, incarcerated Doctrine and Covenants: I know, and so do you who have

Finally, charges. trumpedupupon when this testimonies of of divinity work, the I verily, verily, thee, now, say unto Andit it as seemed though could he stand that help without cannot God's we trust in put Spirit that to leadeth which

longer; cried in the out he anguishno achis succeed, but help can with we to yea, to do judge do... good—your hisof as soul, in recorded the 121st to is do. complish asks anything Spirit. he righteously; this (Ibid., us and justlymy

section: 11:12.) And we can do it with a feeling of assurance, of confidence, and with a spirit

art is thou? God, where where And O another deoccasion the Lord On of serenity can be a which joy and

pavilion thatthe place? covereth thy hiding clared: all us. blessing to of

shall thy stayed, long be hand and How his us to help keep God commandeye, eye,thine thy pure behold yea from things shall weak of the world The come to order, ments, put to our in homes eternal of heavens thethe forth wrongs thy break the and mighty and down people and of thy servants, and thine ear strong ones, that man should not counsel his pray to God, to trust in him and do the be penetrated with their cries? (D. & G. fellow man, neither trust in the arm of flesh. right, I humbly pray in the name of

121:1-2.) (Ibid., 1:19; italics added.) Jesus Christ. Amen.

JUNE 1954 407 Monday Morning Session, April 5, 1954 Charles P. Steinmetz, that little hunchback German who came to this country

as an immigrant boy. I shall ever be

grateful for the privilege of shaking his mortal his passing from this hand. After

statement existence a very choice I read Spiritual Power which he gave to the world. He said:

greatest clearly the teaches has been of force in Yet As a Force "Spiritual power is a force which history man. the development

we have been merely playing with it and have never really studied it as we have the physical forces. Some day

people will learn that material things

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE do not bring happiness and are of little use in making people creative and "The clouds of error disappear of God, command this stone that it be powerful. Then the scientists of the

Before the rays of light and truth made bread."The significant remark world will turn their laboratories over

divine."of Jesus to Satan was: "It is not good to the study of spiritual forces which

for man to live by bread alone but by have hardly been scratched."

grateful that the have Church we I am of of Still the God."Son

toin of the earth and kingdom God took not satisfied. HHI amthis suremorningwe havebybeenthe upliftedbeautitheeveryMorningword was He

| ful music which has been the Savior to a high mountain and day. We have that spiritual strength

| rendered through these fine showed him in the twinkling of an eye and power, and I humbly pray, Latter-

L peopleversity. of BrighamIf there YoungshouldUnibe thepowerskingdomswhich heandclaimedprincipalitieshe had a rightand weday willSaintscomeand topeoplerealizeof thethatworld,the onlythat

any in the congregation this morning to bestow if the Savior would but bow greatness that can be evolved is through who had a feeling of discouragement, a down and worship him, Satan. Again, the development of spiritual strength.

feeling of frustration or insecurity, I am the significant remark, "Get thee behind Then the clouds of error will disappear, sure those thoughts were dispelled when me Satan, for it is written thou shalt and we will allow the rays of light and you heard that lovely music, "The Spirit worship the Lord thy God, and him truth divine to take precedence in our of God Like a Fire Is Burning."That is only shalt thou serve."We are told lives.

the opportunity which is ours, my he brought him to Jerusalem and set May God bless us that we as a people brothers and sisters, to enjoy the Spirit him on a pinnacle of the temple and may go forward in the spiritual strength of God as we live each day and each said unto him: "If thou be the Son of which is rightfully ours, to proclaim the

hour of the day. God, cast thyself down: for it is written truths of the gospel and enjoy his spirit

Yet, not to throw a negative thought he shall give his angels charge concernby doing a great missionary work. This

into this lovely meeting, I would remind ing thee: and in their hands they shall is our responsibility. I bear witness to

you that Satan would destroy that which bear thee up, lest at any time thou you that God lives, that Jesus is the we have heard and felt this morning. dash thy foot against a stone."Jesus Christ, that President David O. McKay

Thatworld—tois thedestroymissionfaith,of Satanto destroyin thea notsaid temptunto thehim:Lord"Itthyis God."said thou(See Lukeshalt isin thethemouthpieceearth and ofthoseour Heavenlymen associatedFather

testimony of the gospel of Jesus Christ. 4:3-12.) with him in the Presidency and the

How grateful I am that the gospel has Do we need any other key today as Quorum of the Twelve and the Patriarch been restored in its fulness—that we Latterday Saints? I believe not. We are prophets of God. May we take their

can enjoy the spirit, inspiration, and can live in obedience to the truths if teachings and counsel and effect them power of the Holy Ghost and of our we will seek that spiritual guidance in our lives that we may truly enjoy

Master today, as is true whenever there which is ours, and that is the guidance the spiritual strength and happiness has been a generation of righteous that has been the influence in the dewhich will bring the sweet peace that people on the earth. velopment of man throughout the ages. passeth understanding, I humbly pray

It is nothing new that Satan would In 1929 it was my privilege to visit in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.

endeavor to destroy. I believe it was the laboratory of the great scientist, Amen.

Socrates back in 353 B.C. who declared:

"Philosophy has struggled to find some substitute for the divine commandments and the surveillance of God."And

today there are men who would deny appeared again hasthat Jesus Christ servants to his chosen and Concept of theand spoken that there has been reestablished in the earth the Church and kingdom of

God. Christlike Life

As we read in history, we find that

Satan endeavored to deceive Moses

Moses who was a prophet of God.

Satan endeavored to have him believe that he, Satan, was Jehovah, but because Moses was a righteous son, a faithful son, living in obedience to the commandments, he had the power of OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE discernment and was able to rebuke the adversary. The adversary, we are told, would be indeed ungrateful I could wish for no better background

was very much discouraged and disthis morning were I not to for the few thoughts I would like to appointed, and he wept bitterly. | acknowledge the blessings of express than the buoyancy of the wonEven our Lord and Master Jesus -* my Heavenly Father to me derful youth representing our great

Christ, the great example to us all, | and mine, and I do that most Brigham Young University who have suffered temptation. Satan knew that -"humbly. sung to us so inspiringly at this session

after he had fasted for forty days and I seek for the uplift of the spirit of of our conference.

forty nights there would be a physical this great conference and your faith The text that I would like to conweakness. He said: "If thou be the Son and prayers in these next few minutes. sider for a few moments is in the na408 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ture of a question from a young Lattertion: "We believe that through the the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saint youth at Fort Lewis military Atonement of Christ, all mankind may day Saints. In the letter which accomtraining camp, a son of a prominent be saved, by obedience to the laws and panied the picture, he had said, "I am

Latterday Saint family. His question ordinances of the Gospel."(Third preparing now to live worthy so that

was: "What is your concept of a ChristArticle of Faith.) when I come home, I can be ordained

like life? Please explain in detail the A great philosopher has said the same an elder and together we can be marqualifications necessary for one to gain thing in other words when he declared: ried in the house of the Lord."

an exaltation in the kingdom of "Every one of us, with the help of God There, young man, is the first thing heaven."and within the limitations of human that you must think of, if you would

I was intrigued by that question, and capability, himself makes his own dishave an exaltation in the celestial kingif the Spirit of the Lord is willing, I position, his character, and his permadom. Marriage is eternal, and there

should like to make an answer to that nent condition."(Emil Souvestre.) was a youth who realized the foundayoung man within the time limitations May I give you in answer to your tion on which she must build if she

this morning; and if the congregation question the example of three youths were to have a fulness of eternal happihere will pardon me, I will talk directly who, faced with the stern temptations ness.

to that young man who may possibly of life, met those tests and came through The second example is that of an be in attendance because I believe that nobly and victoriously, despite the odds impetuous young man. One morning

his question is the question that is being against them. I say I give you these he was confronted by his mother with

asked by every seriousminded Latterexamples in order that you may learn rather a startling statement. His

day Saint youth today. and recognize three of the great dangers mother said to him, "Son, last night I

Young man, your question is not which confront youth today. had a premonition. I had a feeling

unique. It is not different. It is the The first, an example of a young girl, that you are going to be faced with a

same question that has been asked by whom I met when I was asked to adgrave temptation by a certain woman the honesthearted ever since the world dress a group of young girls a few who is setting her cap for you. I warn

began. It is the question that was in years ago over at the Lion House where you to be on guard."And this youth

the mind of Nicodemus, the master in they were being shepherded under the brushed it aside in his characteristic

Israel, when he came to the Savior by direction of the great Young Women's way, "Oh, Mother, you are silly; nothnight, and the Master discerning the Mutual Improvement Association. At ing is farther from the fact. She is a

purpose of his coming, explained to the close of our meeting this lovely girl fine woman."And the mother replied,

him what was necessary in order for took me aside, and from her purse she "Well, be careful, my son."Within

himto enter or even to see the kingdom unfolded a picture of a handsome young thirty days from the time of his mother's of God. soldier. Underneath the picture was warning, that youth stood face to face

It was the same question asked by something about love, and his name with the temptation about which his the zealous Saul of Tarsus on that signed. I asked, "Well, what does this mother had been warned.

memorable occasion while on his way mean?"Tears were swimming in her Youth, if you want to be guided by

to Damascus when he was blinded by eyes. She replied, "I met that young wisdom, stay close to your parents. Listhe light; he heard a voice speak out man here in an army camp. He was ten to the counsel of your father and

of heaven; humbled as only one can be not a member of the Church. He was your mother and lean heavily upon the

humbled in the presence of a great clean and fine, and he had the ideals experience of their lives because they spiritual experience. In answer to the I had longed for in a companion, all are entitled to inspiration in the rearing

Lord's rebuke, the humble Saul asked, except one thing, he was not a member of their family. Young man, may I

"Lord, what wilt thou have me to do?"of the Church. And when he proposed plead with you to keep yourself morally

(Acts 9:6.) marriage to me, I said, 'Only will I be clean? Revere womanhood. May I

It was the cry of the sinful David married when I can be married in the remind you of what you repeated some who, amidst his pleadings and his sufhouse of the Lord because love means years ago as a slogan in the MIA. It

ferings, gained the knowledge of the something more than just a thing that was a quotation from a portion of a mescourse which he must pursue, in order pertains to this life. It is an eternal sage of the First Presidency particularly

left in hell. soul his not bethat would

asked thing the the on temple.'same JewsIt was thing, and"I want to be married in the tosomeservicemenof these instrenuous,military difficultservice duringtimes

the day of Pentecost: "What must we do Well, he reasoned with her, he through which you and others like

to be saved?"(See Acts 2:37.) pleaded with her, he scolded, and then you have lived. This is what the First

To answer your question fully, and he became angry; and finally after Presidency wrote: "How glorious and

that of these others to which I have repeated efforts to break down her renear to the angels is youth that is clean.

made reference would require a full exligious objection to a marriage out of This youth has joy unspeakable here planation of the plan of salvation given the temple, he finally left her. It was and eternal happiness hereafter. Sexual

in the gospel of Jesus Christ. While now time to go overseas, and she cried purity is youth's most precious possesyet in your youth, you have done well her heart out the night he left thinking sion. It is the foundation of all rightto ask that question, young man, to seek that maybe she had made a mistake eousness. Better dead clean, than alive

counsel as to your course in life, for because her heart had gone out to this unclean."

every soul who lives has the possibility, fine young man. Honor your name, young man. You

as you have, of an exaltation in the During a long ocean voyage over to have come of an illustrious family. Not

celestial kingdom. Australia where he was to be stationed to maintain the high standards which

I wish you could have been here to and from where he was to go into comthe Presidency have suggested would not the general priesthood meeting on Satbat, he began to think about this young only be a blight upon you, but a blight urday night, but maybe you were. I woman. He began to think that he upon that great family name you bear,

wish you could have repeated under had been a little hasty in his judgment and a blight upon the Church for which

President McKay's direction the first about her religious convictions. Perhaps your forefathers and ancestors sacrificed

Article of Faith, "We believe in God, it was her religion that had made her their lives to establish.

the Eternal Father, and in His Son, the fine girl that she was. With that In the prayer at the dedication of the

Jesus Christ, and in the Holy Ghost,"on his mind, he began to seek companIdaho Falls Temple the First Presiand then listened intently to every ionship with our Latterday Saint men. dency said something of great imword as you repeated with President He finally met a Latterday Saint portance to the girls about the purity

McKay the thirteenth Article of Faith: chaplain there and became associated of life. This is what the Presidency

"We believe in being honest, true, with the Latterday Saint boys of the wrote in that inspired prayer: "We pray

chaste, benevolent, virtuous, and in docamp and began to study the gospel. for the daughters of Zion. May they

ing good to all men...."But I would On her birthday he had sent her this be preserved in virtue, chastity, and

have you this morning think of another picture attached, and behind the picpurity of life, be blessed with vigorous of the Articles of Faith in connection ture was a slip of paper which proved bodies and minds, and with great faith.

therewith because it has a particular to be a certificate evidencing the fact May they develop into true womanhood significance in the answer to your questhat he had been baptized a member of (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1954 409 And after you begin to understand

Harold B. lee Continued that, then, young man, go to the 76th

Section of the Doctrine and Covenants, and receive choice companions under is no God,'or I warn you that somein some respects, one of the most glorithe new and everlasting covenant for thing terrible will happen to you."ous visions that has ever been given to

time and for all eternity in thy temples The mother and daughter prayed mortal man. Read from the 50th to

provided for this priceless privilege and nearly all night that night, and then the 70th verses of that great vision, purpose."next morning they fasted and went and you will have understanding in

Young man, should you find compantogether to the room of that teacher. better words than I can give you today.

ionship with a beautiful young girl, They waited for him to come. The My son, go and have your patriarchal

will you remember that quotation, and time came for school to convene, and blessing, for there under inspiration your will you take occasion during your he didn't show up, and the principal, patriarch will give you, as someone has courtship to read to her that most vital seeing that they were waiting, came to said, "paragraphs from the book of message from the prophets of the living them and asked, "Are you waiting for your own possibilities."

to in also against our her day warnGod said, "Yes, teacher?"your are She we after this brief conversation And now sins of besetting of this theone world for waiting sorry him.""Well, I am I brother, with you, young may my live?in which we tell to suffered that a heart you he it little close quotation a from a great by

I give the third you examnow May attack this died and suddenly mornthis: said thinker whople to third suggest a danger? The ing."

story this of incident the from comes it terrible did Something happen, but is arts all of of living art the highest The of oftestimony a wife the mission girl. It to that wasn't young happened well. of sculpture the beauty Beyond andpresident just returned one from who is of poetry to music, painting, or inspired the satanic beauty motives. with a man

of countries. our Communistdominated all life. of wellspent a be can Here I you, along would Young man, warn

girl in that a school attending youngA artists. hero. a Every be can man others of forethe age, to with your be

country one day was abused by her warned of the threats to your faith. Obedience to that divine command, "Be

identity ofteacher learned her he when perfect, as Father therefore your even ye I against the warn you manmade girl,as faith Latterday is a Saint is having perfect,"(Matt. in 5:48) heaven which philosophies doctrines the and which

will of ally willin living with a to and make God. As a punishment God man in faith that destroy basic would God paradise. earth a sither that she he demanded down to in exaltation celestial the kingdom.

is fifty write times,and "There no

If those examples, you remember friend. little girl, bless you, young the This shakenGod."by God my

punishment imposed by that teacher, young man, and live worthy of your Keep on thinking the serious thoughts went home and talked it over with her name, the marvelous rewards of our and asking those serious questions, and will Father heavenly be yours. Listen fixed eyes as said, keep in time, yourmother. upon you Her mother "No, my to what the Lord promised: is stars write, to the guide and never on on and 'There you nogirl, you must

tell objective reach your teacher go back upward, yourGod.'and you will You

It Verily, thus saith the shall Lord: come celestial can't in exaltation the there is a an kingdomyou you and know God to that pass soul that every forsaketh his

girllie."Father, I pray the faced our Heavenly back went and which And sins calleth and unto me, cometh and on of

this teacher, and he said, more angrily my name, and obeyeth my voice, and keepfor you and all youth of Zion, and all than ever, "You go back and write eth my commandments, shall see my face the world if that were possible, in the that and write it a hundred times, 'There and shall know that I am. (D. & C. 93:1.) name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

Hold High the Standards z OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

very humbly pray for the "Well, try Latterday Saints."They and said: "What do you know about

blessings of the Lord to be did. it?"

with me as I address you. "Sorry, young man, we have no one "Why, I am a Mormon. I can show

I take the privilege because affiliated with that Church here in you where there are a couple more."

of having been twice presiShanghai."My friend, when he first opened the

of of of the the dent Brigham alumni saw Book and Mornon, to his barracks. the package back went He On

for silent to appreexpress University, a grew then andYoung he moment my there package, a large he and saw bunk fine for said, great this for the "Hello,ciation chorus, Mother."back was He eight sitting fellows there. SomeIt wereinstitution established. again. that has sent home knew had God He who of this thing arouses generally type

heritage, therepresents so of our book. much the curiosity of soldier boys, the part on

fatherssacrifice of mothers. our happy to say to youth everywhere, and I am seriously that suspected very and they

that prayerfully bless they of the the study youth may God. This wordGod or there probably goodcandy was some

is this glorious greatest opportunity.treasure one opportunities of the Hold we ies in the package, they and had come

I this of have, standards will the takehigh the and hope you Church festivities at to the enjoy the with young it University. of the opportunity before thatBrigham Young hunnow May man.

it in ger in spirit after to years. bless in grow and theLord comes you now. Do

truth. He took his time in opening the Make it a part of today and tomorrow

I have a friend far away, stationed at package, which, of course, was his and the next day. Here at this conShanghai, China, very much discourprivilege. Finally he snipped the string ference we have enjoyed the guidance

aged. He went to see if there was a and opened it. A lovely white napkin of the living oracles, and we are greatly

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday was unfolded, and in it, a Book of Morblessed, but now, also enrich these

Saints in Shanghai. He was weary, mon. The title was printed in large words by being a student of the word

wanting to find someone with whom he letters on the outside cover. of the Lord.

might talk about his religion. He went The fellows began to drift back Another humble suggestion I would

to the United States consul. The consul to their bunks, but one chap sitting like to make is, live and enjoy the gospel.

sent a clerk to review the records. "No, near said, "Book of Mormon."The Live it, you have often heard, but also

we haven't any Mormons here."young man quickly turned to his friend enjoy it. Reflect it in your life to the

410 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA man who lives over the fence, works in would operate with great skill, and gospel of Jesus Christ in that moment the office, in the shop, wherever you that I would be blessed."when we need it so badly, when life

may go. Reflect the joy and the happiFor an hour and eighteen minutes he calls us to a great task at a deciding

ness of living it. The man and the was on the operating table; then they moment, may we be prepared by good

woman who live the gospel of Jesus took him back to his room for rest and living to speak freely and frankly to the

Christ are our greatest exponents. They recuperation. I went down to meet Lord and enjoy his holy blessings.

are our greatest missionaries. my friends coming for me. The doctor May I add one word further. Share

I received a call not long ago from passed by the door of the waiting room these blessings. It is not quite complete

the general hospital in Los Angeles, of the hospital and called me out and unless we give to someone that which while staying in Los Angeles at one of said, "I know you were seriously inGod has graciously given to us. Share

the hotels. On the other end of the terested this morning with what hapthe blessings.

this just another to pened, but was meline said: Kirk- a "Brother young man in elevator the days ago on two Just I at hospital. here operation the am I just Korea, back having fromham, am I office, a general young met our man I to say day, a every but nearly want I will airplane. in operlanded be an mission. just a twoyear from He home I will to be you, and you word know at thisated o'clock eight morning. on to said, "I mother. meet you want my his that interested. opened boy When with you and beWon't come me?"is this Brother Kirkham."Mother, Then I I gone. said, 'No, eyes not and am I at "Yes, eight o'clock there."will be is said, to turned "Mother he and me for your to guide praying was God

I just mission. a going home, came on for prepared the operating was He I I felt to as hand,'work went do my

it out. working have been and Of to said the as doctor we nurseroom. The spirit special a that that there was was

is a course, widow. Mother know you forward, histhey were "Take moved It ordinary beyond me. was upon my

little store, country a but I have wepulse, will see please? eyes his you We skill. in sent message a had boy The

it is out. she working have been I closed.are gone. Now have have may He to prayer, help the answer me. and came

been preparing him quite seriously."I am not sentimental, Mr. Kirkham, going, and we are very happy."

In a moment the young man opened about things like this, but I wanted to Yes, prayerfully study the word of his eyes and said, "Doctor, I am not tell you that this morning was a great God. Live and enjoy the gospel. Share

gone. I was just saying a prayer that event in my life."its blessings, I humbly pray in the name

God would guide your hands, that you Yes, to live and enjoy the spirit of the of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Letter to German Students

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

|—"—-- < few weeks ago, there came inant people were English. Most of the Constitution of the United States.

|P||MSffl to Salt Lake City, thirteen them had a profound belief in religion If you were attending'our schools, you

WjBm students from different parts and morality, which ideals were exwould learn that the opening state-

I of western Germany. They pressed in their civic documents like the ment of the Mayflower Compact is:

had been sent to the United Constitution of the United States. It "In the name of God, Amen."And a

..asMUl States their government, was a period of great and wise men, little later you find the words: "... for

and while in this country, they became and among them were families from the glory of God and advancement of the the guests of the different cities they your native land. The noted German Christian faith."Americans have alvisited, and the railroads gave them soldier, Baron Von Steuben, was an ways promoted the ideals of the Chrisfree transportation. They were imofficer in Washington's army, and the tian faith. Among our noted documents

pressed with Salt Lake City, and their name of Hyam Solomon will ever be of history are the Articles of Confederafew hours here visiting the centers of remembered for his giving his entire tion, which begin with these lines:

interest and meeting some of the people fortune to the American cause at the was to them a memorable thing. One time of the terrible suffering at Valley Whereas we all came to these parts of

of the young ladies remarked that they Forge. Your own forefathers had not America with one and the same end, namedid not like the large cities for the peorecovered from the terrible times of the ly, to advance the kingdom of our Lord,

ple seemed to have little interest in Thirty Years'War when they turned Jesus Christ, and to enjoy the liberty of the them. They had words of gratitude for to America. In Germany there were gospel in its purity.

the manner in which they were received intense poverty, suffering, and religious and the spirit of brotherhood that they persecutions in the eighteenth century. Then I have pride in calling your atexperienced here in Salt Lake City. America had been settled along the tention to the first meeting held in

One of them said: "Tell us about the Atlantic coast, when and from the mass Virginia known as the General AssemUnited States and particularly of your of human misery came your forefathers bly of Virginia. To this meeting came

city here in the mountains."They were who settled largely in Pennsylvania, many of your German people, possibly

promised a letter to be sent to them in Maryland, and Virginia. They brought there were some of your own forebears.

Germany, and I am taking this opporwith them a love for the arts and music In the account of the first meeting of the tunity of reading it to you. and adapted themselves to the new Virginians, we have these lines:

Our government of the United States world.

our entered of your fathers is, Children the youngest one of know, as you as men's affairs do for as much...

universities came and history. and of the world's The schools nations to little prosper service God's where

government was organized in 1789, ununderstand our American civic and neglected, all the burgesses took their placesis der the supervision of the first president, political life. In this country, you in the choir till a prayer was said by the

George Washington. There were thirhave preserved your arts and music and Reverend Mr. Buche, a German minister,

teen divisions called states, which had literature and great schools of philos- "that it would please God to guide and to all our proceedings to his own was Kant known sanctify ophy. Your Immanuel England, from by people been settled

glory."educators. Germans Italy, Spain, The by our earliest and France, Germany,

the Scandinavian countries. The domhave come to know the fundamentals of (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1954 411 in the oldest archives of wisdom gives levi Edgar Young Continued only a faint idea of the sublime doctrines of the ancient teachers. The

texts, older pure, the the the more more that tainty his of to heart IndeFinally, the Declaration opens read whoever doctrines are aweinspiring the they life, of Savior receives the the Crependence, acknowledges mankind which and reveal. echo merely be an They may

light, strength. liberty,ator as of source and the life and of doctrines. sublimer come down Werelies of protection Divine "the upon that the the Prophet anday From of to the prophets. the age a Says

is spirit in writtenProvidence,"a and his calling until divine his nounced historian: noted

of reverence, with an appeal to the death, he wrote and spoke the revelaright as established by God. You see tions of God and became the clarion of How fitting it is that Malachi should

our fathers always in this civic and a new day. He awakened a new eagerseal up the book of the Old Testament

political life, acknowledged the leaderness in the hearts of men. He met the prophecy by such a clear statement of the

of of. the Lord, the the Messenger coming ofship to sought and humbly God of ethical the problems religious and

of righteousiness, the and Covenant, Sonfollow Bible him. your Take and read of conditions gave mankind and anew

last of prediction give thus the with him,the 127th Psalm: the the material to world way from gospel their evangelists begin the the whom

of finer kingdom God. elements The history. Except the build the Lord house, they life of restored were to primacy. Human

it: inlabour that build vain except the conduct to issues, better was won which Univerof Harvard Munsterberg Hugo city, the keep theLord waketh watchman

are the cultivation of righteousness in sity, in his wrote, a noted German, in vain.but

the entire life and activity of mankind. Psychology and Life, something of the

Here in America, men were free to The coming of John the Baptist, and past glory of the sacred words:

believe as they wished. The history of later of Peter, James, and John, rethe United States has largely been a sulted in the establishment of the There is a truth, a beauty, a morality,

of is psychological conindependent which of Church Jesus of Christ Latterday beliefs.history of religious fact, In

to ditions. straightforward Every man, for Saints, these holy restored had menthe American people are naturally belife of real his duties are no the whom the priesthood of God, and the divinelievers in the eternal Father, God, and voice brass, speaks a with sound sounding

of these latter work days was hisin begun Christ. Jesus, the Son things are psychologist: the to more "There

for the redemption salvation of and After lapse of the the ages a of are earth when dreamt in than and heaven new world of discovery and invention mankind. The plight of the world at in your philosophy."

had changed man's social outlook, and that time was its lack of vision, its the way of living had been recreated in loss of the principles of the gospel of By the power of the Holy Priesthood the world, it was natural that someone our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. With which Joseph Smith received from

should come forth to look to God for a the restoration of the gospel came a heaven, he established our true relarevelation of his holy word. Many spiritual conviction, a dynamic knowltionship to God. Out of this grows thestouthearted followers of the Holy Bible edge, which has been woven into the salvation of man—his true immortal

looked toward the new day. In 1620, very lives of the Latterday Saints. life. The nations all bear witness to

Pastor John Robinson, in bidding the Man's relationship to his heavenly the need of a light that is not of man.

Pilgrim Fathers goodbye as they left Father has become known. There is a We can give our word to the world that

the shores of Holland for faroff Amernew vision of the kingdom of God, the the forces which are to make the world ica, said to his congregation of faithful purpose of which is to culminate in the what it ought to be are now within it.

men and women: reign of righteousness upon the earth. We are to study more deeply and conThis is the prevalent note in the restantly the divine truths of the gospel

If God reveal anything to you, by any stored gospel. God reigns in heaven of Jesus Christ. We must know the

other instrument of His, be as ready to and in earth. He is the divine King of history of the Church of which we are

itreceive as ever to receive were you truth nations. the understand members. must We

I for ministry; fullyby persuaded, my am the priesthood of which meaning of of God, faith, Out our find everything we confident, very that the Lord hasI am

to is given has been must know that holy and us. We pure of and good retruth yet to forth break ofmore out His

holy word.... I beseech you to remember port. The morning of the first Sabbath the divine teachings of the Holy Bible,

it is an article in your Church Covenant day after the arrival of the Pioneers in the Book of Mormon, the Doctrine and that you be ready to receive whatever truth this valley, Saturday, July 24, 1847, diCovenants, and the Pearl of Great Price.

shall be made known to you from the writvine services were held, and the people How beautifully do they teach the words ten word of God. were seated in a circle out in the sageof Shakespeare:

brush, and nearby were the waters of Revolution, the French During piece a of work noble What is man! how lovely a stream. Gratitude to was God infinite in of faculty! history in in his reason! France: in formMichelet wrote how expressed in song prayer, and and the express and admirable! moving and how

of Isaiah words read were by Apostle is like for to in in action apprehenwaiting a Faith an angel! march world how The

forward again, to breathe and to live. But Orson Pratt, who gave the sermon: sion how like a god! (Shakespeare, Hamlet,

never can a faith have a beginning in deAct II, Sc. 2.)

ceit, cunning, or treatise of falsehood. How beautiful upon the mountains are

feet the of him that bringeth tidings, good directive purpose a Prophet the What that publisheth peace; that bringeth good written, these after were words Soon gives as us in the Smith Joseph words tidings of good, that publisheth salvation; of the frontier thethere on born was section in the of found 88th the Docthat saith unto Zion, reigneth! Thy God to Faith march States "a newUnited trine Covenants: and lift shall watchmen the Thy voice; up

live."to to breathe again, andforward the with voice shall together sing: they

A young boy walked into the woods one for they shall see eye to eye, when the Lord... seek ye diligently and teach one anof yea, seek of ye out for food, wisdom; words hungering not boy but shall bring again Zion. (Isaiah 52:7-8.) otherday—a

the best learnseek books words of wisdom; of old, like the shepherdsfor God, and

faith. also study even by and by "... even unto go felt he musthe Saints Latterday believe and ing, The prepare yourselves; Organize every need- (Luke 2:15.)Bethlehem."honestly to earth know came that Adam ful establish thing; house, a and even

The youthful prophet was Joseph sent of God, from heaven. He held the house of prayer, a house of fasting, a housea

Smith, who knew that what the world priesthood of God and became the first of faith, a house of learning, a house of needed first, and to the end, was God. teacher of the gospel to his descendants. glory, a house of order, a house of God.

Not God in the heavens alone and in The divine ideals as taught by the (Verses 118119.)

the past, but God here, and ready by Father of us all were held sacred, and the man "whom he hath ordained"to from that time to the days of the Messiah From the beginning of the history of repeat and enlarge the work given to upon the earth, the truths of God were the Church, Joseph Smith organized the world eighteen hundred years beplanted in the hearts of his children. schools of learning. He became a stufore. Joseph Smith had that divine Maurice Maeterlinck, in his book, The dent and a member of the Latin, Greek,

discontent, which gave him the cerGreat Secret, says that what we read and Hebrew classes established in the 412 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Kirtland Temple. He established the world have been welcomed to Utah. In some of our earlyday buildings

University of the City of Nauvoo, One of our Articles of Faith says: we find no lack of knowledge and apofencouraged the building the Sevenof fine arts. the preciation You may privilege the of worshiping We claim

Science.ties'Hall of these inFrom been had Germans you how instiAlmighty according to the dictates of recall God

tutions came the wonderful schools of our own conscience and allow all men the fluenced by the Greeks in your fine learning in Utah. same privilege, let them worship how, where, architecture. I recall a number of great

In 1851, the first extensive library or what they may. buildings notable in architectural hisstate. brought is thiswas to ox by plainly teams influence tory the Greek where

settled, the Wherever have MormonsIt I had been in purchased York seen. old the mention New Museum may attitude has the of been the Church Dr.City Bernhisel by Berlin, in M. and the John was this Gate and Brandenburg

all toward peoples. denominations anda collection of wonderful books. in There House. the Parliament Vienna, and In an relating ordinance to religious thewere of hakespeare, great works of Milton, listen the the to music As you

societies city passed the council by ofBacon, Lucretius, orJuvenal, Homer, built noted a organ by was which Nauvoo, these have words: weVirgil, Euripides, it Sophocles, Plato, gives days, ganist in Pioneer me

Montaigne, Tacitus, Spenser, Herodotus, AN ORDINANCE RELATING TO pride to tell you that the Tabernacle

Goldsmith, and many others of the RELIGIOUS SOCIETIES is now known as one of the greatest great of masters literathe world's best halls in world. the As early symphony

it ordained Be City by the Council ofture. library as of received copies The the heard people music 1875, our of the City that of Nauvoo, the Catholics, York Herald, picking Bach, York Beethoven Eveand andthe New up New Presbyterians, Methodists, Baptists, Latterning Post, the Philadelphia Saturday day Saints, Quakers, Episcopalians, Uni- a program of Easter Choral Services in

Courier, and the North American Reversalists, Unitarians, Mohammedans, and 1949, we find that ]esu, Priceless view. Of the scientific works there were all other religious sects and denominations Treasure of Johann Sebastian Bach, toNewton's Principia, Herschel's Outlines whatever, shall have free toleration and gether with the Requiem of Johannes

of Astronomy, and Von Humboldt's equal privileges in this city; and should any Brahms, constituted the program. The

guilty person of ridiculing be or abusing is for great treatisesCosmos. not Brahms Requiem philosophy a mass The on

or otherwise in depreciating another conto the the deincluded the but ode dead works rather an Mill, Stuart of John of religion, his sequence or of disturbing or parted.Martin Luther, Wesley, John and interrupting religious any meeting within

Emanuel Swedenborg. the limits of this city, he shall on convicThis is just to tell you that the LatterThe pioneers were always striving to tion thereof before the Mayor or Municipal day Saints have been lovers of the

understand the arts and sciences, for Court be fined or imprisoned at the disclassical music as well as of all the they sensed keenly the power of all cretion of the Mayor or Court. arts and literature since the Church

the They knew conhuman organized. time, peothe a was Many are to to our be conducted You now

labor, and seedtime and ple in choir: the have worship with sungtruth.stants—hunger central of place worship, the Tabernacle.harvest, love and entered Is Place, Lovely Dwelling "How Thy faith—which Elder in brother the Zimmerman, myinto their lives first. the from very of Hosts."Lord O of priesthood will conduct God, you built theThey Tabernacle which you

I tell there will in conclusion, fellow and say about you May much myvisited. continued They establishing the building. students, Professor E. that the Tall- T. people have Mormonschools colleges and established and a Institute expressed Fellow their madge, of their love of American by Godtheater in the wilderness in time which Architects, says in faith his Story constant prayer Archiand have which ofbecame recognized artists by the of the in tecture resulted in all America: for great love peoples stage asLondon well as the famous live earth. wherever they the on the Atlantic and down Seaboard,dramatists Up of America. B. Mr. M.

I pray the reserve, that students the along a Western you have Gulf mayLeavitt has written in his Fifty Years of throughof the Mississippi, Mexico, up over and the prosperous and journey throughhappy Stage:the American

plains, the spread. Revival Greek I have out that America return and you may

the that noticed famous Tabernacle built to your safety. in peace as homes Sweeping the and statement I seem, May may in City that extraordinary Salt Lake by man, not believedo the that ever bless theater you. has ever God

telltale has Young, the Brigham Greekrested a plane, higher its on as to both its profiles in cornices. mouldings and Levi Edgar Young itspurpose offerings, and at Salt than Lake

City, the Capital of Mormondom.

Utah today has become a great state.

Ellsworth Huntington of Yale University, has recently written in his book, entitled, Civilization and Climate: Be Instructed YOUNG

The proud position of Utah is presumably the result of Mormonism. The leaders

of that faith have had -the wisdom to insist on a thorough system of schools, and have obliged the children to attend them. The

"Gentiles"have in selfdefence, been forced OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE to do equally well, and the result has been ofadmirable. think one Whatever may

r I ago, boy, a in time "Mormon"short com- A boy, "Mormon"religious belief, as a it mustMormonism

I a I boy; "Mormon"am Brother Leonwith pany J. a accomplished havingbe credited with

I king, might envied be a by welfare of the in ard Love spreadingremarkable a moderate work

I a boy. "Mormon"am I of universallydegree education almost opFor the had committee, fflm|H

among the people of Utah. portunity of attending a

written song That by Evan was PH nHl at stake conference Snowit I as sung, Stephens, was and rememKeyserling, noted the Count Hermann there, flake, Arizona. were While we

I this as that bered sang song a boy historian, philosopher andGerman to a invited being dinner was which

I also; the singof opportunity and had to years ago Salt City a few Lakecame for Priesthood boys the Aaronic held

ing large in with boys'a here chorus his in Travel afterwards wroteand It stake. occaof a the memorable was

this of direction the under Tabernacle these Philosopher, words: aDiary of delightful. sion. program was The

I to learned Stephens. Evan honor given, beautiful Several were numbers

I civilizathis song. then, loved achieved a Let have and him The Mormons solo of a a young by one which was people. other attained hardlytion any by little it: to a read you from more me It voice. clear a soprano had boy who changed they half have barely a centuryIn

a saltdesert into a garden. They are, was a solo which brought back to my My father is a "Mormon"true,

moreover, admirable citizens, law abiding, mind a number of wonderful memories. And when I am a man,

honest, and progressive. That young man stood up before those I want to be like him, and do

All the religious denominations of the four hundred or more boys and sang: (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1954 413 Mark E. Petersen Continued catedand defileso thatit, youto makedon't knowyourselfwhatintoxiyou

are doing, even losing your selfcon-

Just all the good I can. important things Sister Snow taught to trol, or to bat yourself on the head?

My faults I'll try to overcome, young people in their childhood, hoping Which is the crazier of the two?

I life enjoy, whileAnd in science. establish their to terms of in hearts the song modern by Now think

I'll lift say, prideWith head and my are vital doctors are so that standards discovering, high Think and how boy. a "Mormon"

all despite girls the to of the these as tobacco important arguments boys and boy, a boy, "Mormon"AI am"Mormon"

I am a "Mormon"boy; they grow up and accomplish the things companies, to the contrary, that you do

I might be envied by a king, that Brother Lee has referred to here tend to develop cancer of the lung

For I am a "Mormon"boy. this morning: through cigarets. Which is crazier, to

bat yourself "on the head with a stick,

About this time my father was my That the children may live long or to bring into your body these things be beautiful strong and And little teacher, a School andSunday is that will destroy your body? Which

coffee despise, they tobacco and and Tea instructor in ourlater the he crazier? became

liquor, eat they Drink and no to honordeacons'I used quorum. him

little a very meat; But

liquor, eat Drink no they and I this alsoas I song. sang remembered are to seeking great be good and They and

little a very But meat; the Father, and heavenly commandmy wise.

are seeking to great be They and good and strive to to us Savior the gavewhich wise.

I as like would then him.become And I I in time, school one was When

I this have song,sing only not would class to the Provo accompanied and I ask is there people, you anyyoung father, earthly butgratitude to my institution there the through to went down childish this in thing song you when

I also, Father, would heavenly andmy afflicted. for the mentally saw We it? really think see about you Can

just likesing, to him, do be and "I want there a queer had young one who man childish this in to anything injunction all the good I can."tendency in that he always wanted to avoid these stimulants, these narcotics,

As I listened to that boy in Snowflake be striking himself on the head. I rethese intoxicating things, which not only

sing this song, I thought how often it member as students how we thought affect your body adversely but will also is that our boys and our girls, when this man was so to be pitied because destroy your spirituality and your faith they get into junior high and possibly he didn't have any more sense than to in God, if you allow them to?

into senior high, feel as if they are strike himself on the head. As we were

growing up and must put away childtalking about that one day, I thought That the children may live long ish things. It is true that they must of this song: And be beautiful and strong,

put away certain childish acts, but Tea and coffee and tobacco other things which are taught them in That the children may live long, all strong, beautiful liquor other evil be and these and and are so very and And importantchildhood coffee tobacco and and Tea despise! they despise, things they lives all theirso basic that through liquor, eat and they Drink no is there the next stanza: then And them.they The mesremember must little meat. very But a

sage of this song by Evan Stephens is They should be instructed young one of them. As young people we talked about it, How to watch and guard the tongue,

evil train, their passions tempers and And to this wanted remembering man who. boy. "Mormon"A bind; of the the strike head. himself on OneI king, envied be a might. by. i polite, should always be They is said, "Well, students which then boy. aFor "Mormon"I am right, treat ev'rybody And the crazier, yourself batting to be on

affable ev'ry place in kind. be and And

to things or taking time, the be head all another song there then was And that I loved very much as a young lad. into your body that would poison you? I have thought a great deal aboutIt carries with it another glorious lesson Which is worse—to poison your body that at different times. I am sure we

which our young people should rememshould be instructed young. I recall

ber even though they begin to grow up that Solomon said that if we are properin those high school years. The song ly taught when we are young, we will

to which I refer is one written by Eliza not depart from those important things

R. Snow. You remember that Sister when we grow up.

Snow wrote, "O My Father,""How "We should watch and guard the

Great the Wisdom and the Love,"and tongue. I used to think this meant only

some others of our most beautiful profanity, and that is extremely imhymns. But sheknew also how to portant, because one of the great comwrite for young people. In this beautiful mandments is that we shall not profane

song she placed the ideals of the Church the name of God. He will not allow

in the language of children, and had us to go free if we do profane his holy them sing it in the hope that as they name.

grew up they would not abandon the But the more I think of the things ideals of which she spoke, but would that Brother Lee so beautifully disallow them to become steadily more cussed here this morning, the more I

I every in their lives. hopeimportant that Eliza was R. Snow am convinced

it, to sing continuesone of you to and r inspired the in guiding people young to hum it over as you go along the 0'% |S* watch and guard the tongue against street, and that you remember the speaking of evil and demoralizing things great lessons she wrote into it: 1&t *A l which put evil thoughts in the minds

acts to evil and sometimes lead which

Deseret,In our lovely destructive of the very are themselves the Saints of God have met,Where

There's a multitude of children all around; soul; including evil stories and evil reThey are generous and brave; marks about the opposite sex. "They

They have precious souls to save; should be instructed young how to

They must listen and obey the gospel's watch and guard the tongue, and their sound. tempers train."And that is so important.

All of you know those words. Aren't "And evil passions bind...."

they glorious? And isn't it stimulating I, too, get letters from young people.

music which has been written to these I got one the other day from a girl who words? But listen to some of the more wanted to know, Is it wrong to pet? She

414 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA said, frankly, "I don't know. Will you And treat ev'rybody right, As I have studied that song and the

tell me, is it wrong to pet?"And I wrote And in ev'ry place be affable and kind. philosophy expressed in it by this glorious

back to that girl and told her that poet, I begin to understand what in my petting is one of the most pernicious Nothing childish in that, is there? boyhood I did not understand: why; it

things that ever came into the world, Shouldn't we, as we grow up, even is that a Mormon boy might be envied and that when young people pet they through high school and college and by a king.

lay the foundation for the destruction into mature adulthood continue to sing And now because I have some realizaof their morals. In fact petting is in "In Our Lovely Deseret"? tion of what Sister Snow wrote in this

girls I that you understand song, can itself loss virtue, partial of a andand of last every verse this then which And of you, might every one of Church, the pet, people they any youngwhen particularly of us remember, should to one if will a queen, you envied by be lose chastity. theirthat degree The it will as help well people, because young

of the principles to live the up but that looks said anyoneLord upon when right to the path: us keep on

others to lust after them, they have everlasting gospel.

committed adultery with them already And every boy in the Church i truly in their heart. They must not forget to pray, might be envied by a king because, he

Night and morning, ev'ry day, himself is kingly; by reason of the

safe to the keep Lord them For s cleanliness, the faithinstructed should young, be from ev'ry righteousness, theThey ill, his life. of fulness to the guard tongue, watch andHow right, assist to do them And

every. and girl experience boy May train, their tempers andAnd all their might, with and mind evil pasThat

sions bind; They may love him and may learn to do that joy is my humble prayer, in the

They should always be polite, his will. name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen:

Monday Afternoon Session, April 5, 1954 the birds were making, but the human

the range of "normal"human above The Future Before Us ear could not hear it as it reached hearing.

Who knows what unseen and unheard things may be all around us? There

are limitless possibilities; there is infinity before us, and revelation must be

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE continuous.

Sometimes we wonder why others cannot see some of the things that we <———--? here are always overwhelming them back into his presence, if they see. Sometimes we wonder why: we

\ feelings on these occasions. will. cannot see some of the things that they

v Two of those that rise to the A great man has been in our midst see. There may be many reasons for

top at this time are inadehere for a few days, one of the notable this. We differ in our experience; we

—* quacy,lowshipandwithgratitudeyou andfor felfor mening, whomof medicine,we haveSir hadAlexanderthe pleasureFlemdifferpreoccupation.in our perception;Some ofwe usdifferhavein ourour

any part in the Church. in this community of meeting and hearthoughts fixed on one thing at one time,

I recall reading a statement that Presiing on one or two occasions. He told the and some on another. But there are

laboratory in a if in of working story how, to great things we will be discovered is to made, have reporteddent McKay 1928, he in back hospital in see to a London eyes and ears to hear and have of of one at the airport alighted as he accidental of action an the observed the interested "to pursue be sufficiently his cities on American large Souththe his laboratory into drifted that of great had this as mold subject"was man beautithree are "there that tour:recent

an had source which and some from medicine. and in the ful things world—love colonies effect some germ arresting on of us that things some be There may are brotherhood."Theyfriendship and

of his in one culture in the that were Paul, seemingPeter not and do feed to help here and all evidence in see—as

reas statement, he dishes. petri His things the see ly did not always same enus to send away us sustain andand

this: "I it diary, was his in was corded gospel; they the loved both but they enriched. andcouraged

subthe to interested pursue sufficiently it, willing for lived were both and both princiglorious of the I mindful am culture the of it. ject. appearance great for are to The die some There here, enunciated been that have ples it I should thought that such plant was requirements and fundamentals and this most a others, make withwhich, penicillin Thus, neglected."not be there can be which commandments on soul. the feed to gospel human satisfying to immeasurable put discovered and differences, of was which no no and doubt the faith, repentance, are: of theseSome benefit. definitely. the Beyond spoken has human Lord reproper forgiveness of with assurance to interested pursue sufficiently "I Sir this, Flemas Alexander was such some, of continuance eternal the pentance; so com- a with subject."Well, of mold us ing, that the things see some some the identity; individual of personality, accessible, wonders one see. why so not mon, do everlasting have that assurance may we it sooner, see not did free why mercifully to someone agency: and As testilove; those with association we subject"the "pursue settled did in not the that wonderfully someone was that no man knowledge themony; so go should the world Lucifer sooner. That ago a time long heavens when the our us God; and between stands discovery it. is from It a great of such without the long one challenged purpose; eternal and plan of assurance source available of and a of principles gospel the glorious such common and agency; free and revelation; continuous indicafurther to a but be Christ. seem would Jesus

is mesinclusive this fact that an the inis us before an ever I there that reported to tion recall have a comment gospel and opportunity and and sage that things of and finity undiscovered to grad- a President Clark been by made exclusive one not an and Church, that limitless, are and said, opportunities last class in spring, he uating which are all are to its blessings who men that is continuous, this of "revelation"kind Lucifer in substance, that have must are not and of them, partake to willing is Father our revelation direct from as "oldthat very God. thought was predestined by special few a to reserved in heaven. Lucifer proposing fashioned."some was

blessthe to have in heaven Father our all are that of birds around of. songs things. different doing very ways some The

ings and benefits. It is his purpose to us, we often do not hear. Two enterIt seems that he would have done some

save all his children and to exalt all prising scientists not long ago made things in a much more "efficient"manhis children, not merely to warn and some "visual recordings"of bird songs ner, if you will put "efficieney"in quoturn them away, but to labor with them with an audiospectrograph, so that the tations. He would have delivered all

in love and in patience, and to bring human, eye could "see"the music that (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1954 415 will live as best he knows how to live

Richard L Evans continued and will partake of these things which our Father has prepared for us.

our Father's children back to him—but future is not on us except as it comes May I close with the testimony of a

in a strait jacket! moment by moment. beloved friend, who is not with us, Dr.

The only kind of "efficiency"that the In the words of Thomas Carlyle, "The John A. Widtsoe. In one of the closing

Lord God is interested in for us is that crash of the whole solar and stellar sentences of his book, In a Sunlit Land, kind of efficiency which contributes to systems could only kill you once."There in which he looked back on his life as

and promotes the development and is no point in living in fear, in panic, a scientist, as a convert, as an educator, growth of his children in helping them or in apprehension. Endure to the end, as an Apostle, and as a great and humchoose for themselves the great things keep faithful, for he who made us and ble servant of men and of God, as a man

life—forand the rightthe eternalthings,salvationthe rightandwayexalof gaveits courseus lifewilland notwho forsakekeeps creationus. Andin whosides hadand seenwhoi muchhad comeof lifeforthfromfrommanyittation of their souls. And I would say though we have acquired the instruall with a sweet and simple faith—on

today, keep faith in freedom. Avoid ments for destroying the works of man, the last pages of this book he wrote these

the principle of compulsion. if we should be so foolish as to set them words which he left for the record of

And now for a moment or two, may loose, yet the power and the purposes posterity:

I yield to the temptation to speak anof God as concerning us and all his other thought or two to these young creations are constant and ever surround During this long life, I have had occasion of test, verity the again, time time and their us their to protection withpeople Brigham from and who are here of of Jesus the the Church foundations will peace, University, others to these of these be partakersYoung who if we Saints. answer Latterday of Christ The

are here in this congregation, and bethings. has always been the same: Joseph Smith

yond here, to all who will hear or read, God lives. He has eternal plans and told the truth. (In a Sunlit Land, pp. 243and to all those of this generation, whom purposes for his children. Jesus is the 244.)

they represent, following along the lines Christ. The gospel has been restored,

of the moving and impressive instrucand despite all the answers we do not I leave this with you as a witness of tions of Brother Lee and Brother Peterknow and all the areas where there my soul this day, to you a choice and sen this morning: may be differences of opinion, we know blessed generation of youth. God bless

It is apparent that man has acquired all we need to know for our everlasting you and be with you; go forth and live

the power to destroy the works of salvation and exaltation and happiness your lives; rely on him; keep sweet and

man. The instruments of destruction—if we will use what the Lord God has humble, and his blessings and guidance

are ever more fearful with each passing given us. Truth will triumph; justice will be with you. May he bless you in

day. But man has not acquired the will be done; and there will be no all your decisions, I pray, in Jesus'

power to destroy the works or the plans good thing lost in the life of him who name. Amen.

or the purposes of God. All of us at

times have our fears. All men have

their fears, their uncertainties. But

may I say to you: Go ahead and live

lives. in life. are not aloneyour You "If Thou Wilt Be Perfect"

is acthere and everThe Lord God cessible to you.

This is no time for panic. Our Father

made us in his image. He sent us here.

He looked out at what he had made PATRIARCH TO THE CHURCH during the creation, and he saw that it is It very good. and itwas was good, express gratitude to keeping wish the commandments. who my We

still for good. intends happiness He also are that offered for the prayer of the Church are members was

it privilege but onlyus, our is not and at of the the this session, opening more righteous who are trying to

'also our happy, to be and duty we shall I shall that I pray keep receive and the commandments.

be if we have the courage to live as we f my share of the answer to The young man went away sorrowful.

ought to live and to be what we ought that prayer. I wonder how many of us do a similar

to be. Truly, these are great gatherings, thing when we leave these conference

Be honest, clean, chaste, humble. gatherings of a faithful people, seeking sessions. President Smith called our

Keep your lives wellbalanced. Always spiritual food to buoy us up and give attention to the fact that the Lord is

reserve some of your time and means to us courage and strength to carry us along pleased with the Church collectively but the things of the spirit and to the servthe way a little farther. not individually.

ice of your Father in heaven as well as In my mind I see a parallel in these The instructions from the Lord and to the things of the mind and the things gatherings to the young man who asked from the prophets of all times comes of physical sustenance. Work, study, the Savior, down to us: "Say nothing but repentance

to truth; an open Keepand pray. mind

live as to quiet Good Master, what good thing shall I do, unto this generation."(D. & C. 6:9.) so the faith; a havekeep

is I of in counsel that such found most eternal have And may life ofconscience. rewarding way The

said callest he him, unto at these conferences, addresses And thou given the life?Why is to the keep commandments. The

is there good? one, that none but good are trying to keep we, and when who is life live to me contrary to ofhard way is, if wilt enter but into God: thou repentare life, his taught commandments, to contrary theconscience comand keep the commandments. it as ance, accept only something do wemandments. saith unto him, Which? He for as other the person—the sinner—or this in are world, not and I do We to prerequisite as a once something done of a Jesus things enumerated number it to except to anything about doknow not baptism then needed more? and any to answered, and he do it, live of to the good most andmake

lives, to find purposefuluseful and and All these things have I kept from my in Afterthesea sessions,spiritual itfeastis naturalsuch as weto wanthave that thejoy in the opportunity Lord lack youth I yet? up: what

God has given us until the time comes Jesus said unto him, If thou wilt be perto share with others what we have reto leave this life, which will be swiftly fect, go and sell that thou hast, and give ceived, and surely we should do so.

and soon enough. There is no running to the poor, and thou shalt have treasures in But do we accept the instructions tor

away from life, no running away from heaven: and come and follow me. ourselves and put them into practice,

the that heard young But when first? for his man benefit each ownourselves. run from can away We for sorrowful: saying, he he went away as perfect, are, are not long As but not from what wewhere we we we possessions. 19:1618, great (Matt. are had

all are of in repentance, are; need for all imor have from and we we who 2022.)

to do is to live a day at a time to the provement comes as a result of repentbest of our ability. The weight of the Nevertheless the young man had been ance. Each should take daily inventory

416 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of himself and try to do better each surely he shall receive all he has earned.

day. Repentance is a daily affair. "Repentance becomes more difficult as

to pride... as the time the overcome? sin is more willful; The we have Do

is procrastinated, the "Where repentance the of says, thouLord humble; and "Be

Lord thy God shall lead thee by the ability to repent grows weaker."(James

E. (Ibid., 112:10.) Talmage.)hand."tells us, Is the greatest Alma pitfalls that we One of

selfof pride the watch ismust Behold, invitation unto all an he sendeth guilty everrighteousness. Are we for the arms of are extended men, mercy

so time of our much we devotewhen towards he saith: them, and Repent, and I A activities efforts in to theand our will receive you. 5:33.) (Alma

Church—of being lifted up in the pride

just says,? not "All men"; Heof importance? our own

says, selected, are "Repent, but he a few Church... a discussion recently bewho There was

tween a member of a stake board and a and I will receive you."

ward officer over a roadshow that had If you just stop and think of it, how just been presented. The stake officer wonderful the mercy of the Lord is.

was highly indignant because the All manner of sin, except murder and daughter of the ward leader had a blasphemy, can be forgiven through reOF THE FIRST COUNCIL speaking part while her own daughter pentance. If we will try to do his will, OF THE SEVENTY

was only in the chorus.. his arm of mercy is outstretched toward

Are we always wholeheartedly glad us. | ay I invite your attention

when others succeed, or is our praise Not one of us is perfect now, but we to a comparison between of Jesus are here to perfection. attain Church ye the "Be grudgingly, inlacking

organChrist, therefore perfect, as it was Father as your even all?sincerity—givenor not at

Are you so selfrighteous that you which is in heaven is perfect."(Matt. ized and perfected in New

have neighbors on all sides of you 5:48.) So as we overcome our weakTestament times, and the

who do not attend Church or are not nesses, and our sins, we grow and draw selfstyled Christian churches that exist members of the Church and you do nearer our aim of perfection. in the world today? In order to do so I

nothing to assist them? Let us not be so selfrighteous that we shall take the liberty of raising a numAnother common fault for which think that we have no need for reber of queries, and shall assume that

many of us may have cause for repentance, for the Savior himself preached each of us has a sufficient working pentance is repeating a bit of gossip repentance to the more righteous who knowledge of the New Testament to we have heard. Whether it be true were spared from the great destruction recognize the basis upon which each

or not is beside the point. If it is not at the time of his crucifixion. At that query rests.

kind, it does not bear repeating. time, on this hemisphere there was Where in the world today will we

Are you willing to forgive? Rememdarkness for three days and great defind a church that has as its official

ber, in the Lord's prayer, Christ prayed, struction; many cities and all their intitle some combination of the names of

"Forgive our trespasses as we forgive habitants were destroyed. Then the Christ, according to the New Testament

those who trespass against us."voice of the Lord was heard declaring pattern?

Do you refrain from passing judgment, that the more wicked had been deWhere is there a church whose minor do you condemn others for the faults stroyed, and the more righteous had isters claim divine authority in the real, you see in them? been saved. To the righteous that complete, and actual sense that it was

Understand, I am not condemning were spared he declared as he might claimed by the ministers among the anyone. I just say, "If the shoe fits, well say to us here today: primitive Saints?

is there claims a church which Where it."wear

ye I Israel of house spared, O have whom of orders the Aaronic Melchizedek and various in so our involved become We oft I will gather how as a you hen gathereth anas these priesthood were the had activities that sometimes weChurch her chickens if under her wings, will ye ciently? it "arrived,"as were havethink we repent return and full unto with purme

is in there a church which Where for repentance.that need have no of we pose heart. (3 10:6.) Nephi

Leave that to the poor sinner. we will find the ordinances practised

Carlyle uttered a great truth when Then a warnmgthat were practised among the primitive

Saints? all acts, said, is not repentance "Ofhe if But not, of Israel, the places O house find baptism immerdo by we Where greatest divine?most The of faults of shall your dwellings desolate until become

sins perof for remission sion the of none."is to conscious be fulfilling the time of the of the covenant

There are those also who are conto your fathers. (Ibid., 10:7.) formed under the hands of a legal

scious of their mistakes, yet they do not administrator?

try to change their habits. Yea, verily I say unto you, if ye will Where do we find a people who lay

life. shall ye eternal unto come have of me every baptized the on head hands at the priesthood film saw we The

is of Behold, extended mercy arm mine for of present the the bestowal convert a the other good night wasmeeting will you, towards whosoever come, and or are there Ghost; Holy who, when are there that shows whichexample I receive; will blessed are those and him elders call sick of in the them, among people. of thesemany (Ibid., 9:14.) me. unto come who

church, anoint that the they them may have they that say heard some I have been told that because of their past acts And ye shall offer for a sacrifice unto me with oil and pray over them, that the they cannot receive the blessings of a broken heart and a contrite spirit. And prayer of faith may heal the sick and

a heart broken with unto cometh me raise up? them God if may theyexaltation even anyway,

I spirit, will with baptize a contrite went to whosoand him is there a people has the that Where try? so temple,the why the Ghost. Holy... Testament ordinance of baptism to New the prodigal liken themselves They to the world Behold, unto I have come

son who returned only to be a servant. bring redemption unto the world, to save for the dead?

If one procrastinates the day of rethe world from sin. Where is there a church that has the

pentance until the day of his return Therefore, whoso repenteth and cometh same organization that existed among to the Father, surely he cannot expect unto me as a little child, him will I rethe primitive Saints, that has Apostles is of ceive, for the God. of such kingdom evangelists, pastors, prophets, and and servto a other become thananything

life, I laid for such have Behold, down my rest? all theant.

it retherefore again; up taken and have is there that a people beWhere reprodigal son the However, had of the ye pent, ends unto and come me lieves that there should be Twelve his wealth regained earlierpented and (Ibid., 9:2022.) earth, saved. be and

and his birthright, he could then have Apostles holding the keys of the kingreturned to the father without being a May the Lord's blessings be upon us, dom, presiding over and directing all servant. Likewise, if a man repents I pray, in the name of Jesus Christ. of the affairs of the Church and kingand restores his rights to the blessings, Amen. (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1954 417 miracles, the ministering of angels, the

Bruce R. McConkie continued gifts of the Spirit, and all of the powers

anciently? graces that were had and spirit, the in that to be conshould such group cording anddom, and God questions on multiply might we Now is flesh? faith? in to the oftinue until a unity there the according judged men

I to all submit matters, of you but these is is believes that believes people there there that a a church Where Where charessential, identifying every that grave, literal set the resurrectionthat from in has in the the Church, some God acteristic of Church the Testament Newfirst all Apostles, will fact bestand that prophets, secondarily in the men propriety, be intelligence and can, with of after teachers; Christ, forethirdly bar miracles; the that and judgment

six heads: these of one outlined under

gifts spirit, the of to according healings, judgedthen the tongues, having been organizaordinances, authority, name, flesh,helps, will in be awarded the governments? and deeds done

Spirit. gifts of the doctrines, tion, and

is glory, of either a in that in there place pro- a a church kingdom Where

I there further that to submit you And celestial all terrestrial,fesses of telestial, to or the a doctrines that a a have all in is the world Church only one taught inwere times; Testament kingdom? New to as every have claims so that much isthat believes believes there that that a people our heavenly Where God of the characteristic identifying essential

first personal in thatFather being, second a the combetween and whose perfected organized by and Church is to created; Christ, of that there ings aimage comhas be was unan manis anciently, his Apostles and Christ and

is total, falling plete,derstanding that universal his from Jesus Christ away is of the Jesus that Church Church one is to Saints? faith the Begotten delivered a once in the Being Son andOnly

Saints. Latterday of Christ

isthe of express believes of there that a people the person image the Where testi- I of say both by way Now, may last toFather? there the in that days be was

Where is there a people that has a an era of restoration, a time of restitumony and of doctrine, that you and I real, intelligent, and scriptural undertion, in which God would give again are living in the era of restoration. We

standing of the atoning sacrifice of all things that he had spoken by the are living in the times of restitution.

Jesus Christ, that knows that because mouths of all his holy prophets since The heavens are no longer sealed. The

is kingagain. of voice heard The Godof all act that transcendent will the began? world men

is earth, that established and on dom is in raised therebe immortality those that believes a people and Where who of Christ is the Jesus kingdom Church of believed to this restoration that the gospelhave gospel the obeyed and was it Saints, again has of Latterday andlaw, effected in ministration, both angelic immortality be unto by and and eternal life? that the gospel so restored was then to every grace and right, power, privilege,

Where is there a people that knows be carried to all the peoples of the earth? and authority that the Almighty ever

that the plan of salvation, based on the Where is there a people that believes gave to the Saints in primitive times.

atoning sacrifice of Christ, consists in that in a day subsequent to New TestaAnd now we are nearing the end of having faith in Christ, in repenting of ment times, the kingdom was to be the world. The time is not far distant

one's sins, in being baptized under the restored to Israel and the scattered remwhen the kingdoms of this world will hands of a legal administrator, in renants of that people gathered back to become the kingdoms of our God and of ceiving the gift and guidance of the the lands of their inheritance? his Christ, and if you and I live worthily

Holy Spirit, and then in enduring in Where is there a people that actually and walk as most of us already know we righteousness unto the end? believes that signs will follow those should, we will be entitled to receive

Where is there a church that believes who accept and obey the gospel law, an eternal inheritance in his eternal that the gospel is preached to those in that professes to have among the memworld.

the spirit world, that they may live acbership of the church the working of In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

WORK for the LIVING and the DEAD

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

have always enjoyed listening addition to that, he has given us the same principles, the same ordinances,K;I to that beautiful little song, responsibility of identifying our dead the same conditions that apply to the

1 "The Prayer Perfect,"and I kindred, of placing their names in the salvation of the living apply also to the

I am thinking just now of the temples and there receiving ordinances salvation of the dead—even that of

4 last few words in that song: as proxies for them. baptism, which we know is indispenThere are those, even among us, who sable for our membership in the Church

And with all the needy, O divide, I belittle and minimize this part of the and kingdom of God. The Lord has

pray, gospel plan. There are many in the said,

yet believe it not at all, This vast treasure of content that is mine world who of of Excepttoday. a water be born and man it is true, to the it is indispensable and

Spirit, the kinginto cannot enter the he of salvation, welfare the the both and sisters, of 3:5.) (John God. sit brothers here, dom and As we

is of living dead! Since the and God of treasures vast blessed with arewe baptized just, of his inand be salvation divine he plan must That means full having well andcontent, knowing

receive Ghost. the the cludes the Holy and power means by lives, that that and assurancethe God

that, said Savior the he those a died without have which when Now, who is his knowthis kingdom; and Church

it exceptions. of no gospel was There hear the knowledge no made may if will the keep commandthating we

it if the living distinction will, the accept and, and between they and may go back of that Lord, the may wements all included; dead. meet receive already All has that must were been which reach that presence; hisinto may we

for this prerequisite this and in conference; membership namely, mentioned our loved ones and our bringout and

gift citizenship in that great of eternal kingdom. immortality the and brings blessing. This thisfriends same

life. years seventyeight Woodruff, Wilford But of contentment. great measurea

said about ago tomorrow, something this the gospel for for preached cause For was the rest contented, not mustwe this, significant this he made when that also to are they that dead, might them shoulders our placed upon hasLord statement: flesh, in to according the be judged men perfectof only not responsibility,the

spirit. the to live in according but God of teaching also lives, but our is will ing of respecter persons; own he no God (I Peter 4:6.) has gospel. this privileges to generation That give and one all not the worldto

been emphasized in this conference. In Inasmuch as God is a just God, the withhold them from another; and the

418 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA whole human family, from Father Adam to the 110th section of the Doctrine world might, if they will, be blessed, down to our day, have got to have the and Covenants, we will find that the and so that all of the ordinances of the privilege, of the hearing gospel somewhere, in to prediction Prophet Malachi's administered gospel been has be might..of Christ; to be have preached. They literally fulfilled: that Elijah in righteousness. come. has power and spiritto in the world. will But nobody

that they 3, 1836, and Joseph when Now, I know On April men say, and there, thereforebaptize them someone must administer to them by proxy here in the Oliver were in the Kirtland Temple, have said to me, "We do not believe flesh, that they may be judged according after certain ceremonies, including the this."But the disbelief of a million

to man in the flesh and have part in the sacrament, had been taken care of, they men does not change the fact! The

first resurrection. (Discourses of Wilford retired to the pulpit; and the veils being restoration of this priesthood will, as has

Woodruff, p. 179.) dropped, they bowed their heads in been predicted, save the earth from being

And then a few years later this great solemn and silent prayer, and then they utterly wasted at the coming of the man said this: "We have got to enter declared that after arising from this Lord, otherwise his purposes would be

these temples and redeem our dead.... prayer, that thwarted; and we are told he has said

will designs his his that purposes and is last disthe of great theThis work veil taken was The from our minds, and designs the only frustrated, but be not of living thepensation, the redemption of the our understanding opened. were

acts of the purposes the and men and of the dead."and the standing the saw Lord upon Weeyes

to naught. will brought be is task, this a tremendous pulpit, of us; breastwork the before Now, and

a stupendous assignment. I feel sure, under his feet was a paved work of pure We must not assume that the mission

however, that as we work with the gold, in color like amber. of Elijah and the powers that were

fire; of eyes as His flame a the hair to were the only are confined given by him that and have powers andmeans we

of his like white the snow; pure head was receive also living for the must dead, this great our utmost towarddo

his brightness the above shone countenance ordinances have and them these same of that dead, the the redeemingwork of the his voice the as sun; sound and was if exaltation have they would performed will, in as the he has doneLord immeof of great the rushing waters, the even

celestial life in kingdom the and eternal past, diate additional provide ways... 110:1-3.) (Ibid., of voice Jehovah.

and means and improved facilities by of heaven.

which this work can be better acThe Lord told them that their sins How wonderful it is to see the young complished. were forgiven; that he had accepted people—all people, come to the temples

It is for a good reason that he has that house, the temple in Kirtland, as of the Lord in great numbers and placed this responsibility upon us. It the work of their hands; that it should receive their blessings. How fitting it

teaches us unselfishness. It teaches us be only the beginning of such things, is to see the parents and the grandlove of others. It teaches us to be Christand that parents come with their children. This

is for are going ideal the way, if we like reality, saviors in even become, and hearts tens... the of thousands and in next the as families together of to be Zion.upon Mount shall greatly rejoice in consethousands

it life, that to has always seemed me that has Another reason placed he of shall the blessings quence be which it upon our shoulders is to provide poured out, and the endowment with which we should get some practice in getting through us the necessary ordinances for my servants have been endowed in this together with our families under such those who have passed on. My brothers house. circumstances in this life.

this of the shall spread house fame obligation of the Latterday And The this asescape cannotand sisters, we... (ibid., lands; foreign to 9-10) is threefold: Saints of behalf the dead!signment on *

1. to to the themselves prepare go To in that righteous the order dead Now this told only Savior the was and them receive their blessings and and temple receive proper authority the bymay blessings of the the beginning which

live so to that their to children teach are for necessaryordinances that the of the shall the be heads poured upon desire a have they be worthy and may life, ofblessings eternal immortality and all world. people over the

go. to long, the long Lordthe ago promised part, fulfilment seen, in the have We 2. of gather, records the our dead To that hisworld send he from would of that.

in temples. place the and them possessed authority onepresence the who this closed, vision After apMoses

3. to of the the Lord house go To this keys to the beginand anew work to peared to committed and them them services occasionally give there our and earth. the promiseupon was The made of Israel the of gathering keys the from to a those without passed on have whothrough the prophet, Malachi, he when earth. of parts the four the This was of gospel. the knowledgesaid, visitation of Elias followed the by who perfect so doing can by Only we

I of the gospel will Behold, committed then Elijah send Abraham, the you fulness of receive joy ourselves the and of beforeprophet the great the coming and that: declared they

hereafter! here and ofdreadful the Lord: day

And he shall turn the heart of the fathers After this vision had closed, another great The Prophet Joseph has said that we to the children, and the heart of the chiland glorious vision burst upon us; for should not procrastinate in this work.

prophet, Elijah the to taken was who lest I fathers, their todren and come it, I are in active that know many tasting before death, without heaven stood curse. 4:5-6.) the earthsmite (Mai. a with are in it, anxiously but engaged many

us, said: and

of are majority us unconcerned. the We said fully the Smith the Prophet Behold, has time come, Joseph which Now,

it or to not leave must Aunt Martha of of the spoken was Malachi by mouth this should underthat turn be word stood to mean bind or seal the hearts testifying that he [Elijah] should be sent, someone else to identify our dead and of the children to their fathers, and vice before the great and dreadful day of the to go to the temples; we must not assume

it it is Lord that indihas come our done; been I like ofversa. to the words Moroni

of hearts the the to the fathers turn To this to obligation vidual work! do The this. to Prophet in regardthe Joseph children, fathers, to the children the and Saints said has that Prophet the haveSaid Moroni: lest earth the smitten with be whole to too save a not time and redeem much curse I Priestwill reveal the Behold, unto you to together the gather the dead and

of the the prophet,hood, Elijah by hand relatives, that is important, and "Therefore,"this is the imliving (And of great the the dreadbefore and coming also. that they saved.. "They may be thing).. portant of the Lord.ful day

said, not time,"have he "betoo much of hearts in the plant shall the he And the Therefore, of this dispensation keys fore will earth the the be smitten and fathers, the the to promiseschildren made are into committed your hands; and by falls shall the decreed consumption turn of the children hearts the uponand this ye great that the and know may fathers theirto (See the Teachings Prophet of is of at world."the dreadful near, Lord even day

So, Smith, before that p. 330.) Joseph (Ibid., doors. 1316.)as they have done in a most marvelous the #

lasts comes, day while the and dayway.

brothers Thus, has and sisters, before night the my comes when no man

If it were not so, the whole earth would the fulfilment of Malachi's prophecy can work, let us rejoice in this great be in this of to pass ours? time utterly wasted at his coming. (D. & G. come participate in it He restoration and to our

2:1-3.) the that and powers has come, were satisfaction. our joy and to we May

The literal fulfilment of this promise given to Joseph have been extended to do this, I pray humbly, in the name has been made in our day! If we turn others, so that the people of the whole of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

JUNE 1954 419 The Lord has said that those who

those token law, who by the same and blessings the privileged Sharing the Blessings liveare without law shall be judged without to have not in this life that you and I have who are mentally and physically able and strong, they also shall ultimately receive blessings from our heavenly

Father, and through the atonement of

Jesus Christ, blessings that are withheld

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE from them through no fault of their own shall not be withheld from them.

has prophet Book The of Mormon that the is an infiatonement r - *1ast Friday the General AuLord that the hearts of the children told us fmM thorities met with the misshall be turned to their fathers, and the nite atonement. This means that there

sion presidents who had hearts of the fathers to their children, is no limit to its blessings and privileges,

I been serving in this country for "were it not so the whole earth and these blessings and privileges will at his coming."in wasted to be Central not received extended America. It would have and In be all who

fe "- "'""I life. to afflicted listening Christiansen Brother meeting, inspiring was these in this we an them What

and they who were there expressed their have been impressed with the magniones lose in this life will be made up gratitude and appreciation for the privitude of this work, and we have been to them in the life to come.

lege of coming here to the headquarters given an insight into the mercies of And so I am grateful with you, my of the Church and meeting with their our heavenly Father. brethren and sisters, for the gospel of

brethren and reporting their labors, feelAs we are permitted to enjoy the the Lord Jesus Christ. It is not naring the spirit of testimony as expressed blessings of being here and are made row in its application. It is unlimited

by their associates and by all who were aware of the blessings and privileges in its privileges and blessings to all of privileged to speak in the meeting which that come and will come to us through God's children who will to do right was held in the temple. the atonement, we cannot help being when once they understand. For those

Then we have had our brethren who made aware of and be concerned with who are mentally deficient, through no have offered prayers or spoken, express the thousands of God's children who, fault of their own, someday these prestheir gratitude for the privilege of being through no fault of their own, are not sures will be lifted. The healing power

in attendance at this conference. We, blessed as are we. of the Almighty will come to their

spirit,ourselves, of that partaken have it ours, will to just as bodies, and come I of in the one ago weeks was two homegrateful to are the that Almighty we it Savior; of as to the the body came is little a there of brethren our where

sithere, that the can under sound we offspring spirits, their are the which and little is girl deficient, child a who who ofof of the voice the prophets and God inprivilege of of will the have God, this will in opportunity the never have asof Authorities they the other General their that bodies, bodies habiting own fulfil life of to the the purposes Lord listen to their counhave spoken and will free pressures from healed and be unless for here, she placed which was spirit.sel, are their of partake and affliction so that will We there be no and shall miracle a intervene and with God blessthis for privilegegrateful and spirits, possibilities of to limit their the little her her mind. heal and Her body

ing. souls. their their minds, and physical apparently through some mind are listening in people and You who are are blessings that these 'of fault her pressure Now through and no also are television are watching onwho of ours. part of are gospel the a it is They of failure any nor through own, privilatter thisgrateful. Yesterday just as gospel the Christ, and Jesus to will of Lord, parents the the her do ever wider than extendedlege was for not will provides those have is who that able things to grasp the not

of history the inbefore the Church, privilege, not the have and had I who grasp, are to thus able and you and

I as all thrilled were weand know we it of privilege, times in hearing the life underprivileged, will through she go tell extent of the Presidentheard McKay future, in the past, not and may in who the physically lacking only, not but servtelevised broadcastedof these and will just ultimately as gospel the be It of powers. expression her mental

ices. for the possible through them is made spirit is injured, her that but her not in this question raised a But my sacgreat work, vicarious atoning the is of the the body, and body medium misthe as with our did meetingmind, rifice this of Christ, so through Jesus life; spirit this of in expression the and

I of of presidents. thought somesion blesswill infinite there atonement come is birth either injured in the body when old the in over presidents missionour deficient ings are to those now who result as afterwards, or before a or and

faithfully, are workingcountry who who are blessings withheld from and a spirit expression whom to give cannot the their of this giving work,are to devoted I enjoy. that you and life of here, speak then normal we their to faithful their means,time and defective, as handibeing and such to appreciate us help the Lord May with could be nottrust, yet they and

is capped. of this the things. these one To meus.

of of blessings the gospel Jesus of are such great thousands of of the thousands too, And there I thought revelaof great Christ. the It is one I go with wish everywhere. you could of islands the sea, andSaints, in the

in the old country, and even in this me to our state training school in Utah tions that have come down through the the as expressed Prophet by Joseph, of little see the hundreds of the and partake County cannotcountry, who prophets in the Book of Mormon. We are are children and and they services women who men becausespirit of these

as processes, the understand not do we I these, afflicted. observed thus have As to within or to here come be ablenot

in processes the understand not do many in arisen radio, the question has mind, or of the television of my radiusthe fact things, the not that does but make is this of to are the answer problem as as just anxious are "What they yetand is It real are true as as untrue. and children, these underprivileged these are as just as devoted are theywe, and

to are of that things the apparent many as are blessed are we?"not people forget them. who will not He Lordwe. The

us today. I to conthe as back same they come bless And them in hiswill way own

learn of these services; as they read the clusion that as those who are not here May the Lord help us to understand

testimonies of these meetings, they will will also sometime share in the blessthese things better than we have in the partake of the same spirit, perhaps not ings that we are enjoying in these past, and may he give comfort to the so potently as we; but the Lord will meetings, and as those who do not know hundreds and thousands of mothers

bless them, and they too will share with the law will be judged without the law, whose hearts are bleeding because of us because he will not leave them even so will the Lord grant to these the deficiencies in their children, dealone. who are not privileged, his blessings ficiencies that have come through no

Brother Christiansen has been telling so that nothing will be withheld from fault of the parents or no fault of the ing us of our obligations to those who them if it is through no fault of their child, I humbly pray in the name of have gone, of the revelations of the own. Jesus. Amen.

420 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The second conviction that must attach to any such reading is that Satan

The Modern Challenge atto blockevery theturn program.in the roadYou wasremember,trying

from the very beginning, when the

Prophet went out to the Sacred Grove to pray.... Let me quote:

After I had retired to the place where I had previously designed to go, having looked

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE around me, and finding myself alone, I kneeled down and began to offer up the desire of my heart to God. I had scarcely

done so, when immediately I was seized fY BRETHREN AND SISTERS! It is good to be with you. This has upon by some power which entirely overTomorrow I shall officialbeen a wonderful conference. To come came me, and had such an astonishing

to as over so influence bind tongue me my listen first to these this birthly Tabernacle into celebrate and my

I that speak. could not darkness Thick in heart that is to your testimonies thing day. only know The

it around and me, seemed to me I that gathered for I work. tell bear this you is God's you can now if I as to for a were sudden time doomed

is witness. does sure year that one destruction.

I suggestion the October, difference Last in your madenot make much all call to exerting But, powers upon my unusual perhaps that could an as havefeelings face you you this of of to deliver out the power me God '53 if it a in read Christmas you has a wonderful beenBut at seized me, and upon which had chapter enemy this undertaking.year—the

most challenging, the most enriching, from the New Testament each day bethe very moment when I was ready to the most satisfying year in my life. I tween that conference and the Christsink into despair and abandon myself to

come to you with a new witness, blessed mas holidays. I want to thank those destruction—not to an imaginary ruin, but

beyond any hope I ever had. I come to who have written in their letters, some to the power of some actual being from the

marvelous such world, had who I unseen entire families. of signed that leaves the assurance with by themyou no

I felt in before any never had grateful to in children soul. your thedoubt who caught am alarm, of great this at moment

spirit suggestion. of It has your to the out end gone week Each we have light over exactly pillar of being—justpowerI saw asa mysome stake to meet the people who conbeen wonderful to me-—so much so that head, above the brightness of the sun, which

stitute the membership of this Church. I am going on with that reading. I descended gradually until it fell upon me.

It is a singular thing that you are not do not mean to replace it or substitute It no sooner appeared than I found myin a stake thirty minutes but you feel for it, but I resolved when I came into self delivered from the enemy which held as if you might have been born there this calling that, among other things, me bound. When the light rested upon

as if you had lived there all your life. I would read into two fields very fully: me I saw two Personages, whose brightness

The people of this Church are a won- 1. The New Testament, and try to and glory defy all description, standing

of air. spake in the them above One me spirit ofderful people, servgratitude in the catch and whose Him I express my

said, calling and by unto name me, me theirfor their thoughtfulness, ice and, are engaged; hospiwe

is to Beloved other the "This pointing Mytality, 2. friendliness, forefathers their of their history our and The Smith's (Joseph Hear Him!"Own

I grateful, the Son.kindliness. too, received that have we am we through whom 2:1517.) Price, of in Pearl Story Great

are remembered in their prayers, and blessings of the restoration of this glori-

I want to assure them that they are ous gospel. From that moment of assurance theremembered in ours. And so in the spare time—that we do Prophet Joseph knew in every fibre of I have been sitting here today thinknot have—I have been trying to find a his being that his destiny would be

ing that this great audience in the few minutes regularly for Church hisfulfilled in the earth.

it I I of tory. soul that to you. is yours,kindness to want know commend just for pause second us Let make a

I all reading, this nightmight this day and the time have been remember And to in minutes I a Jackson County few in your prayers three wonderful women, have come to two convictions, and they catch the spirit of the expulsion of our among the many, who may stand in constitute the burden of what I want people.

need. These three I know about. to say this afternoon. As you read the

Brother Lee in the eloquence of his history of the pioneers, it becomes inAt the order of Lieutenant Governor witness did not confide in you the sorcreasingly clear with every page that Boggs the state militia marched into Jackrow that is in his heart. Sister Lee lies you read, that they endured adversity son County and disarmed the Mormons.

critically ill as the result of a fall and and hardship. They could stand perseConcerning the brutalities that followed,

a broken hip. Knowing her as we do, cution; they could bear up under abuse; B. H. Roberts writes: "The Colonels in

and knownI Lucas—were of command—Pitcher infliction bid to her the recover good people from could they you remember

as bitter of the the Saints. enemies prayers. hatreds.in your all kinds of harmful That

officered a militia, such such by From.men..

is clear. before today, stands question alone the little record There The as Pitcher Saints Lucas, the could and hope

woman who has gone around the world our generation is: Can we and our chilfor no protection.... The agreement

and stood at the side of Elder Matthew dren endure prosperity and.ease? made by Colonel Pitcher, to disarm the

Cowley, one of the finest witnesses this I have not the time this afternoon mob was never executed; but as soon as the

Church has ever had. May God put it to compare the two struggles. I somebrethren had surrendered their arms, bands

into your hearts to remember her. times wonder which is the harder. It of armed men were turned loose upon them.

.. the rank had The up made who men is of easier to slide third along very the wife our sounds The much woman

file of militia of the the 5th.and on Novemsoul, President. that everythingbeloved heroic with This in complacency,

riding ber, next over the the were day carried thirtyfive has never course through a thousuch need. on But wewho in gangs threatening country armed men,

of traveling, miles, all kinds route the yet followed with by God'ssand been violence, children searchwith and women, day and night, and who never flinched, chosen people. ing for arms, and brutally tying up and

has given out of her devotion the reserve To go in upon any scene in Church whipping some of the men, and shooting of strength which is the difference behistory fully would take more time than at others. The leaders of these ruffians

tween full enjoyment of health and the I have, and yet I want you to pause with were some of the prominent men of the struggle to bear up against the load me all too briefly at five spots along county; Colonel Pitcher and Lieutenant

the being Boggs number. Governor among history, of to the the one youthat the comes helpmate way. whose you read As

it the in seems, Priests county, were The first so, is so tremendous. out that impressedburden become was And God polito the be not determined outdone by

I all love his the that time; bear people westof the both moving know you for Isaac ticians, the Reverend and McCoy

of them, I am sure you will remember from New York to Salt Lake City, his other preachers of the gospel were seen them, that there shall be built back hand was in their moving; and as he leading armed bands of marauders from

into their bodies the strength that was moved them, he seemed to be preparing place to place; and were the main inspirers

spent on that, one of the greatest misthem for that greater trek which was of cowardly assaults on the defenseless."

sionary trips ever taken. still ahead. (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1954 421 Adam S. Bennion continued poorlyContraryclad people,to thetheanticipationfall and earlyof winterthese

of 1856 were unusually stormy and merciWillie's less. blizzard broke upon A winter first the of Throughout they stopped were weeks two Governor Ford and by Novemstruck Sweetwater, the at and it Companyber, staff, 1833, his to fled carried children men, Carthage. back women, and them who across struggling that Martin's was groupin their confusion citizens of After burning the the from remaining homes. warning

last the lands above waste alkaline the in testimony the court gave that that be Wight coming,Lyman would town Mormons

Platte. of the crossing"one of his off at galloped one he ninety midnight hundred company and and men

all women and children, except three defor Warsaw. He later testified that he The frigid, twoday storm, covering the

of snow, a foot than with morecrepit old fully thirty that expected driven miles Carthage would be laid country men—were covers. Ten, tents and wagon smashedacross prairie. a burnt before in ashes morning. ground was The

thinly crusted with sleet, and the trails of On the morning after the martyrdom, twelve, and sometimes as many as fifteen these exiles were easily followed by the Willard Richards and a few friends, having deaths came in a day. Shallow graves were

blood which flowed from their lacerated dressed as best they could the bleeding scraped out. At night packs of marauding

feet."wounds of Elder Taylor at the Hamilton wolves howled or fought at the burial

Before the Jacksonites ceased their wholeHouse, put the bodies of Joseph and Hyrum places. From all appearances these two

sale depredations, they had killed Andrew in two boxes, which they placed on two companies were doomed to perish on the

Barber and wounded several other brethren; borrowed wagons and started for Nauvoo, eastern slopes of the Rockies, three hundred

had burned 203 homes and one flour mill; the "City of Joseph."miles from Zion.

had driven the owners—twelve hundred in Describing the sorrowful scene of that When the storm subsided, the companiesnumber—northward to the bleak bluffs of tragic day, Dr. B. W. Richmond, a nonmade a fresh start, but moved only a few

the Missouri River, where the refugees in Mormon reports that the two wagons were miles a day. It was under these trying

wind and rain made camp, awaiting their met near the temple grounds by a "vast conditions that two horsemen, riding ahead turn to ferry the river barrier into Clay concourse of citizens. The officials formed of the rescue parties from Salt Lake City,

County, seeking needed protection and around the bodies, while the masses silently met Willie's Company October 28, 1856 on shelter. opened to give them way, and as the mournthe Sweetwater River.

this P. Elder leaves on, Pratt ful Parley the broke vivid procession moved women of Willie's Chislett, a Commember John

of of exilespicture sight the at the the Missouri along in the lamentations out exjoy, his overwhelming expressing two pany,

River: to covered shore lined with in wagons, the began be rude "The boxes on claimed:

ferry sides of theboth blankets. weeping with was Indian comwomen, men, The

and children; goods, wagons, boxes, promunicated to the crowd, and spread along "More welcome messengers never came

visions, etc., while the ferry was conthe vast waves of humanity extending from from the courts of glory than these two

stantly employed; and when night closed the Temple to the residence of the Prophet. young men were to us. They lost no time,

upon us the cottonwood bottom had much The groans and sobs and shrieks grew after encouraging us all they could to press the appearance of a camp meeting. Hundeeper, and louder, till the sound resembled forward, but sped further to convey their

dreds of people were seen in every directhe roar of a mighty tempest, or the low, glad news to Edward Martin, the fifth handleft about Florence had company, who tents (D.tion, of the roar in the and distant tornado."open deep some in some H. C, cart

us, after it was feared and who two weeks fires, Historical 102-1 their while the rain Jenson, air around 12; deVII: Andrew

scended in torrents. Husbands were inRecord, pp. 572576; B. H. Roberts, Rise were even worse off than we were. As they

quiring for their wives; wives for their and Fall of Nauvoo, pp. 330, 312, 404456.) went from our view, many a hearty 'God

husbands; parents for children and children bless'you,'followed them."

for parents. Some had the good fortune to Pause four is a brief glimpse at the Dan W. Jones, one of the rescuing party,

their families, goods,escape household with provisions; others whileand some knew exodus across Iowa, February 1846: givespany: a "Thedistressingtrain waspicturestrungof Martin'sout for threecomfate their friends, of lost thenot pulling miles. old and had four or were There men blizzard, a raging 1846 22, February On all their goods. indescene carts, their at children, The was tugging and and

of struck inches the snow, leaving twelve

I sure, scribable and, of melted have struggling years age, would six eight am and their pioneers in temporary huddled Mormon of hearts the earth, the people exany on night the As through came and snow mud.

at Creek, Iowa. Following Sugar camp oppressors."ourcept blind Smith, (Joseph to froze cloththeir the and snow on mud the terrible this storm, turned weather 1:426440;History B. the Church, H. of ing.""12 sealing Zero,"frigid, the even below 105Persecutions, Roberts, Missouri pp. lost After Martin's almost had Company to shore. shore Mississippi great from River 107.)

its of in "Martin's fourth one number babies of nine these nights came one On this afternoon, the time have Did we it to forward the SweetRavine,"moved variety every into almost born under camp,

I to into ask should Carthage you go feet waist wide, water hundred life Eliza frontier imaginable. of R. camp River—a

stirred stood, Jail ice. filled with me, I have where floating the deep, with At and tells birth of that occurred in a one Snow

by the bloodstains on the floor, to rude improvised shelter, the sides of which sight of this barrier, many Saints sank by ponder the deaths of the Prophet Joseph were formed of blankets fastened to poles their carts. In this helpless condition they

and his brother, Hyrum; the inspired stuck in the ground. The owner of the were found by three sturdy young men who

of the supply wagons. ahead pushed had trees peeled cottonwood from bark hut had trust faith of friendship Willard and and

rescuers heroically the These brawny waded sort of covering a roof a and made had tarry Taylor. Richards But John and sick river carrying the began and and helpleaked, but the water which through try to just and a minute with me across. feeble fording conThis human the sisters over newborn ful pans held

imagine the impact of the martyrdom: child and its mother.* tinued back and forth, trip after trip

It was during these adverse conditions through those chilling waters until every "He has jumped the window,"shouted the that an unknown camp poet penned this person and his cart had been safely landed rabble, and they rushed pellmell downprayer: upon the opposite shore.

stairs. to the Richards, hurrying Willard

this Young., of President learning upon the Prophet, looked window, upon down exiles, storms come pity the when "God freely. service, valorous while wept And then frenzied men. surrounded by He

it down to in Saints reporting the ConGeneral distressed for started stairway, a the but the clouds low on hang snowladen act ference, predicted: inWhen will alone "That

call him, Taylor "Take from stopped John ground, P. Kimball, sure Grant, George David W. dead, not that was me."John Happy frost winter, of with blast chill the everlasting When C. Huntington Allen and an the bed under from dragged Willard him its breath on the in of Celestial salvation God, Kingdom hiding into room. another him While and of angel like the tents the through Sweeps end."worlds without

mattress, admonished old he under an death!

relief outfits of the 104 coming from With fatal, are "If not gravely: your wounds is heard childbirth of cry sharp the When Salt the City, emigrants Lake abandoned tell story."Brother I live to the to want you air, the on their carts. to were Those unable who momentarily. to shot expected be Richards breaks father of down the voice the And into the wagons. loaded walk were Death they that believing had excited mob, The prayer, his in nevertheless, freezing exposure, and from hearing all prisoners the killed four of and ones his loved Jehovah, pleads with he As last survivors the daily. Before continued fled are coming,"shout, Mormons a "The Tullidge, The spare!"(Edward to W. City, Salt arrived in Sunday, Lake Novemterror, followed most in by Carthage from 307309; pp. of Mormondom, Women of these valiant pioneers ber 30, 222 had false It this citizens. frantic was of the Pioneer, Utah R. Young, of John Memoirs Fieldroadside. the graves (Joseph found by lives of Willard the that saved cry, doubt, no 14.) p. 1847, Essentials History, in Smith, ing p. Church Taylor. Richards and John

Young, Utah, Founding 489; Levi Edgar of to disaster and the terrible To report live all too five, let us pause F. And for Kimball, 148; David p. Solomon Life of David Grant and D. aid George obtain

of companies Roberts, the handcart Comprehensive p. 9; P. briefly Kimball, with toward horseback hurried on Bettisworth

Nauvoo. Within three miles of the city October 1856: History, IV:100107.)

422 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Under the spirit of achievements like to twentythree miles to attend a semfor the lovely daughter who is studying these, it is inspiring to hear these fine inary class that meets at seven o'clock the piano to be led to believe that she young people of Brigham Young Uniin the morning, for which work they cannot do any work which might interversity put their hearts, as well as their get no high school credit. The young fere with the softness of her fingers.

voices, into "Come, Come, Ye Saints."girl, Janie Kimball, who pinned an God bless her. Her hands will take care

How fitting it is to be able to turn honorary seminary pin on me, was of themselves. Nature will do that, if

to that classic volume of President given that privilege because her father she will do a little something to take

Clark's To Them of the Last Wagon had driven her fifteen miles every the bend out of the back of the mother and The Pioneers for a tribute and a morning and then had driven her back who has been caring for her these many challenge. to her high school, and she had not years. Give your children tasks to do.

missed a class all year. She reported The Pioneers were never made on an

One thing in common all these peoples to me they might have to miss high easy trail. They gloried in hardship,

had in their search for freedom to worship school, but they never would miss the and the parent who would spare his

God—a schooling in hardship, persecution, class where they learned the word of the child in the interest of kindness, does

sacrifice, that burned out from their souls Lord. the unkindest thing possible to a child

the dross, leaving in them only the pure To you parents, as you dream dreams when he saves him from work and reloftiest ofgold character faith, fully and I for sponsibility. offer children the you cherish, may

tried, tested, refined. has never God worked chilsuggestions: these your 3. Be about what

hisout purposes the through vicpampered 1. is, at sure children that dren do your Make know carefulnight—what oftims ease living. luxury riotous and and

their story. said pioneer our not Let it companions be have who theirare—andprogram crises has to usedAlways great the meet He

in His work, those in whom hardship, privain any Latterday Saint home that the them in at a reasonable hour. Try to

tion, and persecution had built characters children grow up in ignorance of the see that they go with young men and and wills of iron. God shapes His servants achievements of their forebears. Both women who inspire them to higher

in the forge of adversity; He does not fashion you and they will stir to the materials ideals, rather than with those who make

them in the hot house of ease and luxury. in the books already quoted in this adthe rounds at glittering night spots,

(The Pioneers, p. 41.) dress and in such other publications as: rich in temptation and low in appeal.

lives let living forget In us that our never survived Pioneers hardship The and ofthe are fathers deeds our mothers and Diaries Family Journals and adversity. careful training our Withtheirs, their ours; that not works cannot Egan, Pioneering be Major Howard the West children will prosperity endure and to glory; that our claimcounted can no we P. Autobiography, Parley Pratt ease spirit will in of and the grow up place,excellence because no of what and Clayton's Journal William

this chorus to today everlasting be an rise did; thatthey our must by we own Leaves Woodruff from My Journal—Wilford fall. credit, failinglabor, shall that labor to and not honor only and themselves, we Its Doctrines Church, The L.D.S. and

honor, reward, claim no no no their families, may to toWe the and Church, to be Carter Achievements, published—byrespect, special recognition, position or nor to their in but Father heaven. E. Grant. May

of fathers credit were because whatno so, they I pray do in the humbly, name our they wrought.or what upon Weourstand let responsibility; 2. of Christ. Give them them Jesus Amen.

is feet shoes. in our There no ownown It thing ungracious work. is an some do

it this ofaristocracy birth in beChurch;

longs equally to the highest and the lowliest.

For as Peter said to Cornelius, the Roman centurion, seeking him: "Of a truth I perof persons: thatceive is no respecter God him, Tuesday Morning Session, April 6, 1954 in every nation he that feareth "But

and worketh righteousness, is accepted with him."(Acts 10:3435.) (To Them of the

Last Wagon, p. 28.)

What of us? Can we keep and preserve

to Shall on they wrought? we passwhat The Evil of left us, or they the heritageour children

shall we lightly fritter it away? Have we

their faith, their bravery, their courage;

could we endure their hardships and sufferings, make their sacrifices, bear up undertheir trials, their sorrows, their tragedies, beINTOLERANCE lieve the simple things they knew were true, have the simple faith that worked miracles for them, follow, and not falter or fall by the wayside, where our leaders advance, face the slander and the scorn of an unpopular belief? Can we do the thousands

of little and big things that made them the heroic builders of a great Church, a great OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE commonwealth? (The Pioneers, p. 45.)

blood the that as I am, Confident, [his I never con- a glorious live has been dreamed I would to see the veins the still in flows the pioneersof day invite when the Church Inwould ference. It pleases an me greatly

of their grandchildren and greatgrand- to notice that at each sucdian buck to talk in the Salt Lake Taberchildren, I give you in witness the young ceeding conference there is nacle—an Indian buck appointed a bishop

Indian I an to talk squaw in the have chorus. of this Ogden and womenmen larger of sprinkling a Japato go the through Salt these spirit of of the Tabernacle—Indians caughtalready nese brothers Chinese and Lake Temple it I as give university. at theiryouths of other and sisters; Hawaiians and sacred places desecrated inThe the by face to called upon that judgment,my islanders; of Indians, Mexicans, Spanishis vasion of everything that forced the on contiacross the trek or theCarthage,

... others. race. Americans very and white It makes me

nent, they would heroically meet both happy indeed, and I wish to address my challenges. I honor this new generaremarks this morning in behalf of those This letter now goes into the fire also,

tion. minorities. but it gives me the theme for the words

On the fifteenth of March I was in Recently there came to my desk a I wish to say today.

Los Angeles. There had gathered there letter, anonymously written. Generally If Mrs. Anonymous were the only one

some 1600 fine young people, and the the wastebasket receives all such meswho felt that way! However, from many

next night we had a thousand at San sages, written by people who have not places and different directions I hear

Diego. Then it was that I learned that the courage to sign their statements. intolerant expressions. While there is

1700 grand young people, every mornBut this time I saved it. It reads in an everincreasing number of people

ing of the school week, go from three part as follows: (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1954 423 thousand hectic years of varied expeSpencer W. Kimball Continued rience and did he not reiterate frequently his willingness to forgive and his

this bless to very eagerness people? Did

of are circumcised those willing the to the accept kind and whenwho And special the preferred and Lord show renot sure, Peter, as very into groupsminority the complained, they come now interest reIsrael? in his not he Did

still story are there concluded the hearsed speakChurch, whole and many who visits for serve his personal alone them in priestlike these disparaging terms, words: with memorable and who not ministrations? did he and And

Levitelike side of pass other the by on visit of a personal himself make many that brethren, ye a good and know Men street.the his to Lehite days to people say and us, that choice while ago among God made It step delightful a forward be would them: the hear Gentiles should the by mouth myif periodicals our newspapers and and

believe. gospel, of the and word

writers speakersour disconand would... are disciples. Ye hearts, bare my the knoweth God, which And

tinue the term buck and squaw and them witness, giving them the Holy Ghost, And behold, this is the land of your substitute "Indian men and women"or even as he did unto us; inheritance; and the Father hath given it

"Lamanite brethren and sisters."And put no difference between us and unto you.

Their ancestors and ancient prophets them. (Ibid., 15:7-9.) And they [the Jews] understood me not

foresaw this day and knew that this that I said they [the Lehites] shall hear my voice; the that not they understood and me I withstand I could that was "What reviledpeople disparaged. be would and

at hear not time Gentiles should any my defense. said in he God,"is letter quoted, In the there the sug-

I should manifest myself not voice—that to the brought gospel been had The ofgestion race! a superior the From it the save were unto Ghost. Holy them by

to Israel, taken be was or and now of Jew history socalled seen have wedawn voice, both ye heard have behold, But my all. It for Gentile. the to was racessuperior heights go the from are down sheep, ye ye seen and and and me; my

to the depths in a long parade of exits. The Savior finally instructed his are numbered among those whom the Father

Among them were the Assyrians, the Apostles: hath given me. (3 Nephi 15:1213, 2324.)

Egyptians, the Babylonians, the Perscorn Indian those the who Would all nations, therefore, teach ye and Gosians, the Greeks, the and Romans.

reblessings of the deprive of Father, the and him in the baptizing name themThey, nations, with more have modern of Ghost. the of the Holy Son, his loves the and and Lord Lamanmember how battle, defeated inbeen humiliated and 28:19.) (Matt. -first ites his told leaders he and how life. Is incrushed imthe economic

this to dispensation in plication of justified Mrs. Anonymous he Prophet Nephi the through And

...that the race or white the American the Lamanites. journey among

people is superior? Baptist,... what thou John the

in forceful terms, rebuked a similar.... and.. invitethhe remembereththem all theto heathen;come untoandhimall shaltAnddo.it shall(D. &beC. given28:1415.)thee

selfstyled superior group: alike unto God, both Jew and Gentile. are to he authorized them Remember how

26:33.) (2 Nephi the build of vipers, "among Church up his who hath warned O generation

you to flee from the wrath to come? Lamanites"(ibid., 30:6) and from the

the preserved Lord see the how Then forth fruits therefore Bring for remeet later said: Taylor, Prophet, who John preages and dark the Bible throughpentance: instruct must them "And we now plates gold of to think yourselves, not within say Book the served And Mormon into further organize churches and them

for to father: I say our so that have period Abraham barren the sameWe through presidencies, attach to proper with them is able of these stones you, thatunto God scriptures be might these of holy both organizations."stakes our and (The raise childrento unto (Matt. Abraham. up Israel to back Gentiles the brought by Gospel p. Kingdom, 247.)3:7-9.) first shall "the fulfil that saying the and In the days immediately preceding the

first."(See last shall be last the be and of the Lord, eliminated coming even the have Lord Lamanite would The

bigotry and class distinction. He talked Matt 19:30.) Prophet Samuel felt the sting and smart

to the Samaritan woman at the well, And now, Mrs. Anonymous, when the of the caustic discriminations when he

healed the centurion's kin, and blessed Lord has made of all flesh equal; when said:

the child of the Canaanitish woman. he has accepted both the Gentiles and

And though he personally came to the Israel; when he finds no difference beAnd now, because I am a Lamanite, and

"lost sheep of the house of Israel"and tween them, who are we to find a have spoken unto you the words which the

Lord me, because and commanded it was the exclude from to difference and first rather to his Apostlessent them you, hard against are ye angry with and me blessings its activities and and Church other to Samaritans the Genthan and seek to destroy cast do have me, and out me the read Indian? you the lowly Havetiles, later to bring sent yet Paul he you. from 14:10.) (Helaman among you or scriptures, ancient modern? Have revealed Gentiles to the gospelthe and

to Peter that the gospel was for all. felt the magnanimity of the Savior, his If Mrs. Anonymous would exclude the

The prejudices were deeprooted in kindness, his mercy, his love? Indian from the temple, how could she

Peter, and it took a vision from heaven If the Lord were to acknowledge a justify the Lord's provision that they to help him to cast off his bias. The superior race, would it not be Israel, would assist in the building of the New

voice had commanded: "Rise, Peter; the very people whom you would spurn Jerusalem with its temple?

kill, and eat,"when the vessel deand deprive? Do you carry in your veins O intolerance, thou art an ugly creascended from the heaven containing all as pure Israelitish blood as those whom ture! What crimes have been commanner of beasts, reptiles and fowls. you criticize? Do you find any scripmitted under thy influence, what inPunctilious Peter expressed his lifelong tures, my critic, which would show that justices under thy Satanic spell!

prejudices and habits in saying, "Not so, the Christ would exclude the Lamanite Charlotte Gilman wrote: "I ran into

Lord; for I have never eaten any thing Israelites from the waters of baptism, a prejudice that quite cut off my view."

that is common or unclean."Then the from the priesthood, from the pulpit, (From Stanza I of "An Obstacle.)

heavenly voice made clear that the or from the temple? Did not the Lord It was to a hypocritical and intolerant

program was for all. "What God hath remove the Amalekites, Midianites, group to whom the Lord gave his classic

cleansed,"it said, "that call not thou Canaanites to make place for the chosen parable, common."Peter's longsustained prejuIsrael, and when centuries later he saw

dices gave way finally under the power the impending destruction of Jerusalem... unto certain which trusted in themof the thrice repeated command. When and the temple, and when it was imselves that they were righteous, and despised

the devout Gentile Cornelius immeminent that Judah and Israel were to others:

the to went up into temple Two men for Lord did not the thereafter appealeddiately be captured and exiled, to him the a Pharisee, the other one and a few, Lehi, of the under a righteous gospel, send the full meaningthe to publican.pray;

vision burst upon Peter and he exfind and colonize this American land, The Pharisee stood and prayed thus with claimed, "God hath shewed me that I this choicest land under heaven? Did himself, God, I thank thee, that I am not

should not call any man common or he not lead and teach and punish and as other men are, extortioners, unjust, unclean."(See Acts 10:1128.) forgive this same people through a adulterers, or even as this publican.

424 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

I fast twice in the week, I give tithes of I remember that the Lord was longscoffing, nor your cold, calculating tolerall that I possess. suffering with ancient Israel. For a ance. It is a people who, unable to raise

the off, publican, afar And standing call their pettiness, their themselves long endured time he by own bootstraps, lift notwould his so as eyes up unto much those assistance to push for their eternal listened can complaining, from w7hoheaven, his but breast, smote saying, upon is It peodoors. a at filthiness, at their revolted open groaned and lift and to sinner.God, merciful be a me

forgivefor ask mercy, adulteries, idolatries their ple pray and and who I tell this to you, his their went down man house justified rather than the other: for wept at their faithlessness; and yet ness, beg for membership in the kingevery one that exalteth himself shall be finally forgave them and led the rising dom with its opportunities to learn and

abased; and he that humbleth himself shall generation of them into the promised do. It is a good folk who ask for frabe exalted. (Luke 18:9-14.) land. They had been the victims of ternity, a handclasp of friendship, a

four centuries of destructive background word of encouragement; it is a group of

If it be so wrong for fraternization and of servitude but consistent now with nations who cry for warm acceptance brotherhood with minority groups and their continued faithfulness, every door and sincere brotherhood. I give you a

their filling Church positions and pews was opened to them toward immortality chosen race, an affectionate and warmand pulpits of the Lord's Church, why and eternal life. hearted people, a responsive but timid

did the Apostle Peter maintain so posiHere he has the Indian or Lamanite, and frightened folk, a simple group tively: "[God]... put no difference with a background of twentyfive cenwith childlike faith. I point you to a

between us and them."(Acts 15:8-9.) turies of superstition, degradation, idolpeople in whose veins flows the blood

atry, and indolence. He has loathed of prophets and martyrs; a people who

And, "What God hath cleansed, that their wickedness, chastised them, have intelligence and capacity to climb call not thou common,"(Ibid., 11:9.) brought the Gentiles to them for nursto former heights but who need the viing fathers and mothers, and (it would sion and the opportunity and the asOf a truth I perceive that God is no seem) has finally forgiven them. Their sistance of the nursing parents.

ofrespecter persons: sore,.their sufferings humiliahave been rise loftiness people to the can These

in every But nation he that feareth him, severe their tion complete, punishment has fathers of their opportunity when righteousness, workethand is accepted with their long, heartaches many, and generations. their at a door few and knocked (Ibid., 10:3435.)him.

their opportunities reduced. Has he If we fully help them, they. can eventualDid not the Lord know that in these not now forgiven them and accepted ly soar to greatness. The ungerminated

times there would be many duplicates them? Can we not now forgive and seeds are waiting for the rains of kindof Mr. and Mrs. Anonymous who might accept them? Ancient Israel was given ness and opportunity; the sunshine of

need the warning which he gave through forty years. Can we not allow at least gospel truth; the cultivation through the

of forty years patient intensive and activity, training of program Church andhis will Prophet Moroni: "... Who

proselyting organizing and among life, to will the seeds and and comedespise of the the Lord? works Who

Israel before judge too modern we will for harvest the fabulous, be thewill despise of Christ? the children Beharshly? it repeatedly. promised has Lord all arehold, of despisers the ye who

is It prejudice! a monster What of the Lord."works 9:26.) ye, hiss (Mormon spurn, despise and and who

of prejudging. us means many How scoff, reject, and and condemn who wrote: Prophet The Mormon it? of ourguilty are think Often we in pride yourplace haughty your who

its force, of destructive free selves but Yea, shall that the unto him selves wo superior these deny above to and test to ourselves. only need Our we... ofrevelations the Lord. I to pray NephiteLamanites: not you

expressions, voice tones, our our movehiss, longer Yea, ye not and need any to until despise are able you them are us. betray our spurn, thoughts ments, ofnor nor the Jews, game make We their folk equal faraway such had

of of thenor of the any remnant House willing the that others so often make faith fortitude and and strength—untilwhoIsrael; for the behold, Lord remembereth proselyting, contacts, the the do have faith to stake at that the have you burn

... tohis according unto covenant them ourselves associations. project Until we It is the poswith Abinadi. Prophetthat sworn. 29:6, he hath which (3 Nephi little situation, realize very into the we sible prophet's the that children be may8.)

bias prejudice. our our and us. of could be among them Some

will prospered, the the we, Why or called Shoshones. Lagunas now is It all of that evident the most many oh, will hiss? blessed, when, When, we

1 fail spirit ones to ofprejudiced catch you, the not disparage the beg do to will cease spurn? we who When

of of the gospel the teachings unless the too, and LamaniteNephites you, have free bias, of are purge think from we

Christ as they hiss and spurn and scoff our souls the sometimes unconscious the devoutness and strength to abandon office to do missionary workand criticize. The Lord said in prejudice we possess? will we public When

despised peopleMatthew: and this withamong a these wanderour making game of end

as out sons did compensation, four the ers? cease will our throwing we When riot not, that judged. ye be Judge of until too Mosiah; walk you can at disdainfully the pennies to them judge, with For ye ye judgment what ease the from luxury and away and gate?...shall be judged: kingthe of and power emoluments I present Mrs. Mr. and Anonymous: that the beholdest thou mote And why

thirst, to ship perseto hunger and beis eye, to in brother's considerest to a according thy not but people who, you the beam that is in thine own eye? prophecies, have been scattered and cuted, imprisoned, and beaten for fourThou hypocrite, first cast out the beam driven, defrauded and deprived, who teen years of proselyting endeavor as

their people, did his brothshalt eye; then thouout of thine and and Ammon own tree of of are the a "branch Israel—lost of the to cast clearlysee out out ers, mote great as did the and Nephi who its in a strange thy from body—wanderers 7:1-5.) eye. (Matt.brother's proselyte. to the judgeship gave up Some I give land. nayou own land"—their of their also descendants could be among the tions through deep have gone who said the through again, Lord And us. called seed could be Their Samoans of rivers of the sorrow waters andPaul: or Maoris. pain; a people anguish and have who

Therefore thou art inexcusable, O man, had visited upon their heads the sins I ask you: Do not scoff and ignore

whosoever thou art that judgest: for whereof their fathers not unto the third and these NephiteLamanites unless you can

in thou judgest another, thou condemnest fourth generation but through a hunequal their forebears in greatness and thyself;... dred generations. I bring to you a until you can kneel with those thousands

this, thinkest thou And of in Saints the the O man. sand on Ammonite for asked bread have who

of shalt the escape.. God?that multitude judgmentthou field of of battle songs they while sang a stone received have and and have who

2:1, 3.)(Roman their lives praise as very being were fish for a given been have asked and

serpent. (See 3 Nephi 14:9-10.) snuffed out by their enemies. Could

And again, through Moroni: This people ask not for your distant, you look heavenward, smiling and singing, the bloodthirsty while demons dissympathy, haughty your faraway rashly judgeth that the behold, For same slashed your with body and sword despicable contempt, your dain, your that again; rashlyshall he judged... be

scimitar? of the Perhaps children the scorn, supercilious nose, your turnedup again, of the Lord. shall smittensmiteth be

(Mormon 8:19.) your scathing snobbery, your arrogant (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1954 425 Spencer W. Kimball continued Foundation of Our Faith

Ammonites are with us. They could be

called Zunis or Hopis. A Tribute

Do not prate your power of speech or your fearlessness unless you too could stand with the Prophet Samuel on the city wall, dodging stones and spears and arrows while trying to preach the gospel of salvation. The very deASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

scendants of this great prophet are with us. They may be Navajos or Cherokees. ifY BRETHREN AND SISTERS: I I will have nothing to do with him."

I ask you who sneer: Are you better am very happy about the I regret to say that many of the modern

mothers than those of the Ammonites? appointment of Elder religious teachers have adopted the view

Those Lamanite women trained their George Q. Morris as a expressed by this wellknown unbeliever.

sons in faith to the extent that they member of the Council of Not long since I read again the Book fought many battles and came home the Twelve. It has been of Mormon and found that on almost

clean, full of faith. Are you training a great joy and certainly a great pleasure every page Jesus is declared to be the

your sons as did they? Do your sons for me to have been closely associated Son of God and the Redeemer and

resist evil, grow to greatness, receive with him during the past few years. Savior of the world. This may also be

manifestations from the Lord? Do your He is a man of faith, a man of splendid said of the revelations given to the

sons praise your names and say, "We leadership, who is solid and sound in Church through the Prophet Joseph knew our mothers knew it. We are the doctrines 6f the Church, and who Smith as recorded in the Doctrine and

blessed of the Lord because we live his will be of inestimable help to the Covenants.

commandments as our mothers taught brethren who devise the policy of this What is there left, my brethren and us."The posterity of these unparalleled great Church of which we are members. sisters, if you eliminate Jesus as the Son

mothers and these faithful sons may be God bless him in this great responsiof God? It is the foundation of our

among us and may be called Mayas or bility and give him the strength to do faith. Surely, no Church that is inPimas. the work which will be required at his strumental in destroying Christ's divinity

I urge you: Do not mock in derision hands. has any right to be called a Christian

until and unless you, too, have children I have been abundantly blessed, as church.

loved and fondled by the Lord of creayou have, by the spiritual uplift which A few years ago, H. G. Wells was

tion, children who are encircled about has come to the Latterday Saints durinvited to write down the names of six with fire and ministered unto by angels ing this conference. This uplift has men who stood, as it were, on the

of history. corners hesitate did not the of the various singing from emanated He prophesy unutterable who—children in writing of the first fervent testimonies was name, the which choirs, from children things. Their could be the

Piutes or Mohicans among us. the Lord's servants who have spoken, Jesus of Nazareth, and then as if he

Do not condemn and make game of through the timely admonitions, and wanted to apologize, he quickly rethese good LamaniteNephites until you through the clarifying demonstrations marked, "I am not a Christian. I am

have produced a superior people who of activities particularly as they have a writer of history,"implying no doubt, compare with their ancestors who lived pertained to the missionary work of that he had not accepted the deityship for nearly three centuries in peace and the Church. I believe that the paraof Jesus Christ.

righteousness. Has our own nation ever mount obligation resting upon the So the mission is resting upon you

exceeded a quarter century without war Church today is to proclaim the divine and me and the missionaries of the and commotion? mission of Jesus Christ. His Church, Church to proclaim in our messages that

Let us not spurn these Nephitewhile standing practically alone amongst Jesus is the Christ, the Son of the living

Lamanites until we are assured that all the Christian churches, is boldly God, and that he did in reality rise we, too, have the love of the Savior as declaring that Jesus is the Christ, the from the dead and appeared to his did their people when the Lord stood Redeemer of mankind. friends and disciples, and proved beyond

in their midst and ordained them with We must not fail in this very definite any question of a doubt, that death is his own hands, blessed them with his responsibility. There are many among not the end, and that we are expected

'own voice, forgave them with his own the religious teachers of the world who to obey his commandments which he great heart, broke the bread, poured are making compromises in this respect. has given through holy men, called

the wine, and gave the sacrament himIt is not long since Colonel Ingersoll, prophets.

self to these upright folk; until we shall the gifted agnostic, said, "For the man May we be qualified and anxious to

have the privilege of feeling the prints Jesus I have the highest admiration. discharge this important responsibility,

of the nails in his hands and feet, and I gladly pay to him the homage of my I pray, in the name of Jesus Christ, the the spear wound in his side. tears. But for Jesus as the Son of God, Lord. Amen.

And in these living descendants are all the seeds of faith and growth and integrity of development, honor and but wait for op- A Check Upand greatness. They

portunity, encouragement, and brotherliness; and these will be redeemed, will rise and will become a blessed people. Spiritual and Physical

God has said it.

I love the Lamanites, the Indians, and all their cousins. I expect to see them

rise and fulfil their destiny. I know that

the prophecies concerning them will all OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC be fulfilled.

May God bless the LamaniteNephite fY dear brethren and sisurday evening to and including each peoples, stir their hearts; bless the misters: Each general confersession to this very moment.

sionaries that are sent unto them; and ence seems to be more I was grateful to raise my hand this

help us, their nursing parents. And may inspiring than the last, morning and sustain these great men

God speed the day of their total deand this is certainly no who comprise the leadership of the liverance. This I pray in the name of exception, from the.outChurch. I welcome with all my heart

Jesus Christ. Amen. standing priesthood meeting last SatElder George Q. Morris, whom I have

426 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA learned to love over the years, as the Do I sustain the General Authorities tell you, brethren and sisters, that no new member of the Council of the of the Church? greater security can come to any memTwelve. I also wish to extend my supDo I go to sacrament meeting and ber of the Church than to keep the

port and sincere best wishes to Elder renew my covenants with my heavenly commandments of our heavenly Father,

Sterling W. Sill whom I have also Father? especially those of tithing, fast offering,

known for many years and who I am Do I have family prayer in my home? and aiding the welfare program. When

sure will be a great strength to the Do I have The Improvement Era I think of the great blessings promised

Church. in my home? to the membership of the Church from

My message this morning has to do Do I study the gospel for fifteen minthe payment of an honest tithing, I feel with overweight and underweight. We utes each day? there is not a member of the Church

are a great people to check up on each Do I have home evening? who can afford not to pay his tithing.

other. We have our plans, our schedDo I pay my ward maintenance? Likewise, great blessings come from fastules, our programs, and our organizaDo I offer assistance to my bishop? ing and prayer.

tions. I should like to suggest this Do I do something to make my home I remember not long ago being in a

morning that it might be a good idea happier? stake where I had given a little talk on

to check up a little on ourselves. I Am I a good neighbor? the value of fasting and paying fast

know the first look I have of myself as Do I fast each month and pay my fast offerings. Near the end of the meet-

I peek in the mirror early in the mornoffering to the bishop? ing, one of the brethren said, "Brother

ing is really quite frightening, and then Do I contribute to the stake and Buehner, I believe all you have said when I realize what the next fifteen ward building program? but would like to ask this question:

or twenty minutes can do with the aid Do I expose my neighbor to the What if after the fasting period is of a few common implements we find gospel? over you are so hungry that you don't

in the bathroom, such as a comb and Do I pay my debts and live within only eat the meal you are entitled to brush (for those who need it), a razor, my means? but you literally eat the two meals you

washcloth, toothbrush, etc., for the men; Am I honest with the Lord in the fasted?"I could not help feeling that

and for the sisters, some cold cream, a payment of my tithes, and do I go to this is very typical of us human beings.

little rouge, face powder, and lipstick, tithing settlement? We are not going to give away anythe transformation brings confidence and Do I do my ward teaching? thing that we can reclaim. I made

courage to face the problems of another Do I participate in the welfare prothese observations at the time. First,

day. Then when you arrive at work, gram? my advice would be that we should

eat three meals at the and greets same time by saying, you "Goodand someone Am I doing my research and temple not that has blessing wonderful the fine,"undo look you aremorning, you so work?

fasting, important but from more anyconquer that canenthusiastic you auxilicome the of I taking advantage Am I this, indicated, care "I not than do day your way. thatthing comes The

aries: Society, the Relief the Mutual, after twentyeat, the bright. you much how cheerful andseems

School, Primary? and Sunday is just over, fasting period fourhour us of fact that the I appreciate some

have physical difficulties that require a We might add to this list many other see that you do not eat the Lord's two doctor's checkup, and usually after a questions. If we could transfer some meals."I feel sure this is good advice.

good physical checkup, we are informed of the surplus weight we carry around The Lord has promised wonderful that bodies physical add our and blessings from keeping the commandand in blood pressurethat high have we

I lives to (and our spiritual do weight fast. ment of the overweight are and shouldthat we

reduce. This could easily be one of not think we will ever become over- I feel I should not take more time. I

respect), in this weight we will its inlove I love this Church. devoted supportdifficulties. been I havemy

better crease our weight and become leadership. love I admire and you great plan in his ing Brother Benson

of disposing of government surpluses able to fulfil the responsibilities and people. The world looks bright and

and assisting him every way possible in obligations that the Lord expects of us happy to me. I am glad to be alive,

that respect. I am also thoroughly and to carry out the counsel of the and sincerely pray that the Lord will

converted to the welfare program in leadership of the Church. bless each and every one of you, in the

which we are admonished to put away We are all interested in security. I name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

a year's supply. No one has ever indicated that we should carry around a

half a year of it and put the other half year's supply in the basement; but many

I just that of us way. do it am sure Monumental Gifts

it is well tell us that doctor our would to be converted to these great programs but that we would be healthier andmuch better off if we would put the of the Church full year's supply in the basement and get our blood pressure down.

Along with these physical habits and checkups, I would like to suggest that we have a little spiritual checkup, and OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY ask ourselves a few simple questions. I

am appreciating, too, a great deal more remember a conference years on these grounds for the past six years.

the value of visual aids as we have ago in which someone folOne cannot have intimate acquaintance observed them during this conference, lowing Bishop Richards spoke with these buildings day after day and and would like to suggest that we make of the still small voice. I not acquire in his soul an appreciation

a little chart, one that can be marked, may fit that description today for them and for those who built them.

and see just how good we are. In filling after this wonderful and These buildings attract others, in adin such a chart, we might find some energetic and lovely message from Bishdition to us. I remember the guide tour

blank spaces. In other words, we might op Buehner. which was joined by a sweet woman

find that we are spiritually a little unMy heart is full of gratitude today from an eastern city. As we left this

derweight. We might even be lightfor many things. I am very grateful building she, who had come with

weights. Some of us might even be for the rain, and for the lovely weather some preconceived negative notions

featherweights. A look at such a chart which preceded it, each of which is a about Mormonism but had been touched

will indicate in some degree our spiritual blessing suited to our needs. I am very by what she heard and felt here, turned

activity and give us a checkup in that grateful that we may meet in this to her husband and almost reverentially respect. May I suggest that we ask ourmarvelous old building. I am grateful and with a tear in her eye said to him,

selves some of these questions: for the privilege of missionary service (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1954 427 tells which me who Marion D. Hanks Continued came, and what my destinyI am, mightwhencebe.I

I am grateful for many other monubut still with her notions, "George, around, and I had a casual and very mental truths. If it were feasible we

isn't it marvelous what ignorant people pleasant talk with him. He was a jolly might show you a file, full of letters

can do?"fellow of the kind Brother Buehner has from people of education, wealth, power,

Well, it has been a great blessing been talking about, a little bit corpulent prominence, good character, reiterating, these years to be able to tell such good and pleasant and humorous. He was each of them in his own words, the

people, and many thousands like them, a Jew of intelligence, with rabbinical simple story one of them told as he that the people who did the work which training in fact. He asked many queswrote, "I found in one hour on these

we enjoy here today and each day, were tions of interest about us and our faith, grounds among your people more peace not ignorant. They were people of and I had the privilege of telling him as and faith and something to hang to

courage and faith and dignity and initiabest I could of the great truths, monuthan I had ever known before."Well,

tive and integrity, who were always mental truths, that had come to us from these are monumental blessings, but willing to give up conveniences and God through our forebears. He invited they come to us only as we individually

comforts but never their convictions; conversation about our relationship, earn them, which is the only manner

they were not ignorant people. him and me, and I told him we were in which we might really possess them.

It has been a great privilege also to cousins in a real sense, that we both May I suggest to you, as I conclude, know, as we have learned to love came from the family of Israel, and I one other little item which I think will these buildings and those who built identified myself as being of the lineage be of interest. I mentioned the great

them, something of other monuments of Ephraim. He leaned back, gasped, scriptures, these books of truth and

which they left us, not so physically and said, "Say again."And so we revelation, which God has given us.

tangible, but infinitely more important. began to repeat, "Through Abraham, These too must be individually earned

Last night as I walked through these Isaac, Jacob, and through Joseph to to be possessed. It would thrill you,

grounds at a late hour—and I make a Ephraim, came the covenant blessings; and in a sense make you chagrined, as

habit of that, I commend it to you, for many of us are of Ephraim."it has me, to learn the reaction of many

these are beautiful and thoughtful and "Well,"he said, "I came to America great and good people to these scripwonderful hours, in the early morning to learn about agriculture. I came to tures. Let me read you two lines from

and late evening—I thought of the Utah to learn about irrigation. I extwo letters from a certain doctor from

words reported to be inscribed on the pected to learn many interesting things, TelAviv. He had had the Book of

tombstone of Sir Christopher Wren, the but I never expected to find the lost sons Mormon. He said, "The first reading

great British architect and builder. It of Ephraim."has made this material precious for me

is said that there is written on the tomb He went away. He came back in the in another sense. It deals with many

of this man who built more than fifty morning. He said, "Tell me again."problems occupying me, as every man

chapels in London, including St. Paul's, So we told him, "From God to Abraconcerned with his and mankind's

and was one of the great architects of ham, Isaac, Jacob, and through Joseph destiny."And he writes a little later,

his day, these words: "If you seek his to Ephraim come the birthright bless- "I would like to add that I have been

monument, look around you."ings."And we talked for some time, deeply impressed by everything that I

I suggest to you that as Latterday identifying his progenitors, his forebears, have read about you, and particularly

Saints it isn't very difficult to look with ours, and he left figuratively, alas a Hebrew scholar, by the true conaround us and see the monuments left most literally, holding his head in his tinuation of the Bible spirit in the by those who worked here so well and hands with what he had heard. We Book of Mormon."

courageously, and with such integrity, have heard from him several times I will read one other simple sentence so long ago. In the moment or two since, he bearing testimony in his own from a lovely woman who picked up a

available, may I suggest two or three way of this, to him, new and marvelous copy of the Book of Mormon and who of these other monuments which they story. And I thought how grateful I am wrote this: "I am reading with greatmade available to us: the monumental for the monumental link left me which est delight the blessed truths contained

blessing, for instance, of truth and connects me with all dispensations past, in that book. I never dreamed that the

testimony, of spiritual knowledge, of Book of Mormon was like that; in fact,

freedom from the sins of the world; the I thought hard things about it and you,

monumental heritage of possibility for for I received my information from artipersonal union with God, for peace in cles in secular magazines. I belong to

this life, and eternal life in the world another denomination, but,"and get to come; the monumental gift of great this, "how I rejoice to know the truth

books of scripture, in which are written and drink in the precious words of men not only the lessons of life, but the like Nephi and Mosiah and Alma"; and

great revelations of God to men. And my heart rejoices, and I think to myself,

with these and all the other monuments, how marvelous it is to be able to drink they left us the monument of work, in the precious words of Nephi and which they were willing and able to Mosiah and Alma, and yet how many perform. O how we need to learn it. Latterday Saints have lived and died

With a knowledge of these monuwithout ever having known them.

ments they dedicated to us, there comes God bless us to appreciate, to underthe sober second thought expressed well stand what the scriptures say. Hear the

by Goethe, the great German poetLord's word recorded in the Doctrine philosopher, who said: "What from and Covenants: "For what doth it profit

your fathers'heritage is lent, earn it a man if a gift is bestowed upon him, anew to really possess it,"which is to and he receive not the gift? Behold,

say that while these great blessings of he rejoices not in that which is given monumental value come to us from our unto him, neither rejoices in him who pioneer forebears, they are of such a is the giver of the gift."(D. & C. 88:33.)

nature that they may be really posGod help us to appreciate the monusessed only by him or her who is willments around us. God bless us that

ing to really earn and merit them. we may have sense enough, faith

There was the day, and I recall it with enough, courage enough, to understand pleasure, when a man came here, a that there are marvelous truths that we man from the government of Israeli, in might really possess, but which we must fact he was a ministerial official of that individually earn anew, if we would nation. It happened to be late in the have them, I humbly pray, in the name

evening, and there weren't many people of Jesus Christ. Amen.

428 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA them on the altar for his service and for this work.

f feel say more. that I should do not

is but performance, one of duty now A Heritage of Faith My

I do bear witness that this Church is the Church of Jesus Christ, set up by him, directed by him, a power for the 0-Lcj salvation of the human family. And

that this Church is equal to every situOF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE ation that arises in the world, and if the world would accept it, it would meet r:: "]y dear brethren and sisters: lonesome but she has always stood by everyganizedsituation.movementThisforChurchworld ispeace,an orif

WM I am sure you know how me through all these years when I put the world only knew it. This is the

*Jm one feels in this place my Church work first, before my busiworld peace movement, both for indi-

1 sushas before ness condithese She home. and and under my viduals and for nations, and there can be

left as I in it. tions. her ten tained gained a I have And me no substitute. more thorough underdays ago in New York, sick in bed, she I thank the Lord for the love and

standing of one passage of scripture in would not have it any other way, and confidence of my brethren with whom

I last principle. stands everthe by this had she than few moments labor. am to

before, shall says that the Lord which taught mother all My with me to seek first Ithem Imyloveheart;themandand I sustainthank

select the weak things of the earth to the kingdom of God and his righteousthe people of this Church who have do his work. But I also must have faith, ness. I want to bear witness to you, received me so kindly, for their kindas he also says that those who are weak my dear brethren and sisters, that that ness and their consideration. I want to

he will strengthen, and that the weak principle is true, that in this the Church pay a tribute to the men and the women things of the earth shall rise and go of Jesus Christ, the Church of the living throughout the Church who carry forforth and break down the mighty and God, there is no other principle that ward so faithfully and so well, this great the strong, which means that we trust we should follow, no other principle, work to the humble and dutyloving in hisin work. engaged God. We are to seek except first the kingdom of God forget themselves women, and who men

I recall in the the passage DocAnd all and and keep his commandments, families, their in lose themselves and trine and Covenants where the Lord else will be added. And I thank the in their children, and in the Church.

says through the Prophet Joseph Smith Lord for the abundant and unexpected God will bless them, and they will enter to Orson Hyde and to all the faithful and continuing and unfailing blessings, into their celestial joy.

elders of the Church: temporal and spiritual, that he has given May God help us all to be true and

Wherefore, be of good cheer, and do not to me, beyond all my hopes and all my give ourselves with all our hearts to his fear, for I the Lord am with you, and will deserts, and I acknowledge his hand in service, I humbly pray in the name of stand by you; and ye shall bear record of these things. And I am glad to lay Jesus Christ. Amen.

me, even Jesus Christ, that I am the Son of the living God, that I was, that I am, and that I am to come. (D. & C. 68:6.)

I bear that humble witness with allmy heart. I am glad to place on the In the Service of

altar whatever I am and whatever I possess.

I know that this is the work of God,that he lives, that Jesus Christ is the Our Father

Son of the living God, and that he lives, that he is very close to us, and that he directs our beloved President and

Prophet, David O. McKay, and his associates, and that these are men of God.

And I am very grateful to them for the kindness and consideration and patience they have shown toward me. I love ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

them and I try to emulate their example. "

I am privileged beyond my power to r::'"-:=:..;.:;.;'"::.-;HHERE have been a number of tion that I feel for all of the blessings

express my gratitude for the opportunity I circumstances that have comof my life.

of continuing my labors with them. bined themselves together this I am very grateful for my wife and

My mind naturally goes to my dear morning to produce in my family. I am grateful for my parents,

mother, to whom I pay tribute, than heart great humility, accomgrandparents, and greatgrandparents.

whom I can imagine no man or woman panied by a feeling of inAs my greatgrandfather marched with ever being more valiant than was she in adequacy to discharge properly the the Mormon Battalion to assist in the her service to her God. She came as a responsibilities of this appointment. I war with Mexico, my greatgrandmother

girl fifteen years of age, a true believer pray that I might receive the necessary marched with her little family across in the gospel of Jesus Christ, to St. Louis, strength to fulfil those obligations. I the plains to establish herself and her

where her mother died, and she came on am grateful for the confidence of the posterity in this valley. The wagon

to Zion. At nineteen she had lost her brethren who are responsible for this containing her earthly possessions was

husband and her first child, thousands appointment. I also appreciate very drawn by a team of oxen. Before reachof miles away from her home in Engmuch your sustaining vote. I promise ing her destination one of the oxen

land, in a wild, unbroken country. She the General Authorities of the Church, died. My greatgrandmother lifted the

entered into conditions that tested her as well as the general Church memberyoke of the fallen oxen to her own soul, and would test the soul of any ship, and Him whose name the Church shoulders and continued the march.

man or any woman, but she was valiant, bears, that I will do the very best I I pray that I may draw from her strength uncomplaining, cheerful, and true under can. and determination.

all conditions, and I thank God for her, Many times I have prayed to my I appreciate the great opportunity of and I know she is happy today. Father in heaven that he would help being a part of this Church, both for

I pay tribute to my dear wife, who me to do my work. I hope that I may what it has meant to me in the past,

through years of sickness has been forced pray more and more effectively that I and for what it will mean in the future.

to be absent from me at sea level and may help him to do his work, and by The real worth of a man is not in under a doctor's care. She has been that means express to him the apprecia- (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1954 429 Sterling W. Sill Continued goingof us ison,a creator—thatand in a very is,realthesenseattitudes,each

the enthusiasms, the faith, the deterare so that to imserve mination God, himself alone, in but stands what he in of strength service spend our the our exaltation, are eternal to portant our for. It is inspiring an to thing that in to Father to help heaven me bring about

created currently us within being and the of most for us humble stand his may purposes.

others. in the things. most important Joseph great psychologist, William The is It to great build important a more Smith great was of because he what life said greatest that of the James, use skygreat to build a character than for. stood is to it for outspend that something of scraper. the that worth know We

it. lasts arose Joseph Smith his When from is are great, souls not mostly but we

knees, after his first vision, and walked In a Sunday School class which I great for what we are, we are great across the fields to his father's house, visited recently I heard a Sunday School for what we may become, and it is my and went into the kitchen where his teacher recount that thrilling story of hope and prayer in my own behalf that mother was working, and leaning creation, that "God created man in his I may develop those qualities that will against the fireplace for support, said own image,"and I found myself wishenable me to accomplish the duties of in substance, "Mother, I have seen ing that I might have been there to this assignment as is expected of me by

God,"at that instant he did not know have witnessed this great beginning, and my Father in heaven and those who a bit more surely than I know or than then it occurred to me, as it has ocpreside over me in the Church.

you know that it is right to be honest, curred many times since, that the creaMay the blessings of our Father in that it is right to be virtuous, and that tion of man is not'something that was heaven be with us that we may underall the other principles for which this finished and done with in the Garden stand our opportunities, I pray in Jesus'

Church stands are right. It is right to of Eden. The creation of man is still name. Amen.

assembled there on a Sabbath morning

The Church in Europe withhymns aof beautifulZion in German,choir, sosingingdear to themy heart. We listened to the testimonies

of those men, the expressions of gratitude in their hearts for that which they had, and when you looked around, you wondered really what they had to be grateful for, as compared with us. They

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE have but one thing, the most priceless gift that our Father in heaven has given to man, the testimony of the divinity am grateful, my brethren Christ, for my membership in the of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. It

| and sisters, to be back in this Church, and for what strength the Lord has brought strength to their hearts; it

w Smr goodly land. I am very haphas given me to assist in helping his has destroyed fear; and it has reconciled

3 this to morning earth. children here welcome the upon py My to their lot whatever be. them may

I into circle of the the this labors in General great countries winter the

; privilege the I had of shaking hands Authorities those of close have to the Europe brought have who me four with some hundred people who of calledbeen I our heavenly people. of to Father the opportunity have had live I Iron the behind Curtain. heard

fill these important positions susvisiting their their in in and towns and them their leaders that say that they knew thistained of the villages, day vote the by seeing in their peohomes, them a they mission there to had that perform

Iple. can't help feeling of faith their with their of commenting devosome and far greater was than any mission thatpride father, as that well tion, as Brother slight to understanding and my some could they perform in elsewhere the

his Morris difficultiesGeorge father extent the and confront that and Q. world. did not seek They migraby

his lives, mother, old in Fifteenth the their daily from came the them manner to tion relieve themselves of the burIt I still as seemed, areWard. in to ostracized grew they up which by of dens, oppression, the or of persethe

that their Fifteenth themanhood, neighbors the that they moment Ward cution live. under they All which they

I of part a join to the althoughbecame never proclaim begin and Church me for strength prayed that was they might it, of in privilege living the of gospel to their the because Christhad neighJesus withstand the in same, and overcoming

I lips so of heard families. friends bors from their the and and much my My I their obstacles strong. grow one had

father all the to concerning heart famigoes wonderful out them, and above sister lovely to say so she glad was me lies else, in lived that that desire ward. that to a always within I have He me she that lived did she where and had

I I Sister family, of to feel Morris the be asmentioned help them. and now, all the opportunity to of these meet

felt all lovelyMorris, winter, a she every that ounce and have what woman oppressive life of circumstances because father Morris's of strength, Brother everywas. blessing that the one Lord was she within her very being that knew

of great leaders industrial the the of has given shared should with me, be stronger, she growing was she rather and

I livestate people. of others those our with love helped to and would pitied of those us been had born who

is. it state thisforefathers to to to ask the what Lord and make them among in the as considered Church, in a way

I I to bless to Brother continue that have welcome mightSo happy me am so being though by been born had we

I this strength to to day.Morris into impart Council our unto them and of lap in the luxury ease. and

to associations blessings that give the that appreciated the themhave come I tell you in that meeting in Berlin of the priesthood the in the past. from power which have had with himwe

pity, was not a word of not a word It latter days. there restored also in these has has been been to work my privilege

of complaint, praises nothing but sung slight of extent has Brother Sill, the priestNeverto with the power a and spoken to our in for and Father heaven or so in gratitude heart bestowed goes out to been hood upon him memy blessings that the gave he them, for the in presence, as faithfulnessfor his to the felt devotion it has been and my work of the Lord, and I pray that the this winter, as we have gone forth to freedom that they enjoyed.

Lord will bless and sustain these wonseek to bless the Saints in Europe. I I might take you from Berlin for a

derful men in the offices to which have been impressed with the one attrimoment down into Switzerland where they have been called. bute common to them all, and that was circumstances are a little more favorable,

I have never before in my life been so the fact that they wanted no pity. I but where still in some of the cantons

grateful as I am this day for the blesswish you could all have been present we do not have the religious freedom ings of the restored gospel of Jesus in Berlin: Nearly a thousand people that we would like. A little black430 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

haired boy, not more than eight or nine into a new era in the history of the not visit them; and it is on rare occayears of age, came up to me after our Church, one brought about by two great sions, such as I was privileged to enjoy

meeting in Basel, and with fear and circumstances, toward which we have in Berlin, that they can come into Berlin trembling he said he wanted to shake been unconsciously laboring. The one and into the West Zone to attend our

hands with me, and when he got hold circumstance culminated when Presimeetings.

of my hand, he looked up into my dent McKay gave to the Church six I tell you when we get faithful men eyes with his big black eyes and he months ago a charge that everyone in Europe, supported by faithful women, said, "Brother Moyle, would you come should be a missionary. He indicated to do their branch teaching and to help

and administer to my father?"the possibility of increasing the memto sustain and to strengthen and to

When I went to that boy's home, I bership of the Church by at least uphold the weaker members of those met a faithful mother, and an older 500,000 in 1954 if every family in the branches, a new era has entered into brother. That mother threw her arms Church would accept that admonition our great missionary work and into the

around me, and she said, "Brother and bring one soul into the Church mission fields of the Church. I am

Moyle, we have fasted and prayed, and during this year. The people of Europe sure that there has been a different

especially this youngest son of mine, have caught that inspiration. In place attitude toward us on the part of some

that he might have the courage that of inviting missionaries to come to their new governments. I am grateful bewe older ones lacked to ask you to homes to eat, as has been the custom yond measure to the government of West

I have to our (sometimes bless our father wecome home and am afraid to us a given have they that perGermany to too great is to go ill."critically these people so mittedwho the churches to equal legal status any of

I tell you when I saw the faith of a sacrifice to feed our elders), now the of the world and have permitted us to that boy, and the faith of that mother missionaries are calling in their neighbecome incorporated under their public and of that son, and of the appreciation bors, and just like Brother [T. Bowring] laws and given us all of the advantages

that they had for the priesthood of God, Woodbury [at the special missionary incident thereto. It would have filled

it touched my heart to the very core. conference] said last night, they are findyour hearts with joy to have been

It gave me a sense of humility I ing that it is a fine way to begin a cotpresent in Frankfurt when 704 faithwould like to keep all the days of my tage meeting in the home to give their ful servicemen gathered from all over start to Spirit they a of the meal before his neighbors Lord and life. The

That to them. there present, gospel were blessedpower preach the and we is Europeorders, someand ofAfrica,them, toundercome militarythere to

doing. are to that in Europe that family good father our people and gave what officer attend. one commanding When go willthe desires of their forward the heart and is going through The work held was to be a convention heard such

gift and power of our heavenly Father. forward as they continue to follow the again this year, with knowledge of what

That instance could be multiplied admonition of our Prophet. They recoghad transpired in previous years, he

many times in the experiences which nize it is part of their life, that Presiissued an order requiring their atwe had this winter. I was so grateful dent David O. McKay is the mouthtendance and didn't leave it alone to

that my good wife was with me. Those piece of our heavenly Father upon this the discretion of his men. That order

people seemed to feel as though they earth, they look to him for guidance carried some advantages that they had had been specially blessed by the and direction. They know that by not enjoyed on previous trips to that

presence of my good wife and the love this missionary labor they can acconference in Frankfurt.

first of can things: They two complish affection the that and she bestowed upon to thrilled it you have I say would these in their homes all establish own these people. wonderful

of these faithfulness the men seen have basis, firmer a in localities on Europe I tell sisters, brethren you, and when into welcomed to them had have and to attention giving of in place and is faith the of Latterday Saints such burgomeister, city the that by German give they country, this to emigration that for praise they the can the Lord and a I honor Leiske, Dr. man whom gospel and the 'preaching to attention restoration of of gospel the Christ Jesus his virtues Christian his and for respect happiness joy and that disseminating blessings the and that has brought which serviceto his kindness integrity and has come others to which assurance and lives their into their obedience through Latterday to be he knew men whom lives. their into its principles, to to of exclusion the sitting of I pleasure Saints. the had

practically all else in life, then we see, The other great circumstance that with him at the banquet table and tell-

I am sure, reflected in their lives the has ushered into the Church a new ing him that it had been my privilege image, the Spirit, and the power of our era is the building of temples in Europe. over forty years before, under the presiheavenly Father. God bless these peoHow I thrilled to stand upon that dency of President Thomas E. McKay,

ple. ground, which is already hallowed by to serve as the presiding elder there in

It was wonderful to meet with your the dedication of a Prophet of God as Frankfurt and to preach the gospel to missionary sons and daughters. I heard the site of a temple to be built to the hrs people. I wish the welcoming adpractically every elder in Europe, with Most High and to there see the machindress which he gave us could be read by

few exceptions, bear his testimony, and ery and the men at work excavating for all Latterday Saints, and I wish likewise the lovely lady missionaries likewise. that great temple in Europe. I am sure that we will so live as a people here at

The hours never ran too long but what that the one in England will be a like home to merit the compliments that we were thrilled by the devotion of inspiration to those people to build up were paid us there by those who have these fine young men and women. I their branches. The men are preparing been over here.

tell you it seems as though the diffito receive the priesthood, that they may culties that confront them, the problems be worthy not only to go through the I must conclude my remarks. I want

they have to solve, make the missiontemple and receive the blessings of the to say that I met many other public aries stronger, too. Lord there in his house, but likewise officials, including mayors of cities in

officials in judgpublic Sweden, Finland, wisdom, to and knowledge gain I this that feeling winter a have had that in matters discretion here, welcomed been and ment, and had who who I for others did greater anything than they that so priesthood to the pertain us, bear us, entertained and who who effect of these wonderthe upon was me the branches and the over preside for invitation. can a kindly us one And associations. ful have contacts and They and districts abroad missions of the industrial leader, great Eric Mr. W. force. life great a very with touched my send missionaries relieve the we Forsberg, the whom of Sandviken, Sweden, realize that have God They made me

proselyte. to forth of general president the and manager the lives answers hears that he and and

prayers of his sons and daughters here It would do your heart good to hear Sandvik Steel Company, one of the upon this earth. I can say amen to all some of those district presidents from bemost wonderful companies in Europe,

steel refines so that it becomes of the that has Brother Kimball the Iron Curtain tell you that hind Spencer W.

us, gold, entertained than worth more they that teaching of the Lord is said this no percentage branch morning—that a F. President Clarence and Johnson, priesthood. persons. They of are getting the respecter from

of of missionaries group the Swedish a priesthood has practically which have of tell people led to the I have been Mission, sent his private cars to and Church. with the I I no contact it as winter, this and Europe We canknow

know that I live, that we have entered not send into them literature; we can- (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1954 431 Henry D. Moyle Continued as Germanspeaking elders. He wanted

the influence of the Latterday Saints to take us to our next appointment rather to send his missionaries into the settlebe felt in his great organization.

than to have us ride on the train. I say ment in which the employees of that God bless us all, I pray humbly, and

God bless these people. steel works live and said that he had make us worthy of the heritage which

Before we got through that day, he hundreds of refugee Germans there, and is ours, I ask in the name of Jesus Christ.

invited President Clarence F. Johnson that we could send in Swedish as well Amen.

Tuesday Afternoon Session, April 6, 1954 and the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles and the Patriarch are prophets, seers, and revelators, and servants of God, our FAITH Father!

How would you like to have known

Moses? How would you like to have

ymu4fo - known Elijah, Abraham, Peter, James,

John, and some of the other great prophOF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC ets? Oh, we read about them and sometimes we wish we had known these

to faith recogprophets. the Have we C011rich STATEMENT, here in has been abundance. THE '"'V The f HPIITH torealize that these nize prophets and

is I for soul, fession the in will (see midst,"good name, your be my of are called the same day who God I President just Matt. by 18:20; that D. 6:32) C. and made &

'of old? called the prophets Have we tell I is spirit truthfully felt sweet Clark, that here can have we

faith to in that recognize the they them

I confess to Spirit of Lord. that the you the youHHMH for witnesses special are Christ? SomeIf I fright- I nervous, will that direct the Lord should me, am

if I to close get so times wonder we I like this to or say things hopeened, the humble, one and two on and trees. forest that see the the cannot we soul. of for subject faith, scientific, will notconfession the good be from my

I I bear testimony that have you my technical Richards, viewpoint, just practical, President President but McKay,

I felt true that these are and know men personal, faith; Clark, brothers simplePresident faith in beloved God, my of reveal does prophets that and he God sisters faith I lives, friends: that have As and quoteand and from we God

I will to his As them. have and mind this beautiful thelistened today Doctrine to music section Covenants, and 50,

I before, said decisions have watched verse session of in 24: the the each musicand

I for years, of a want and number now it of stateconference, the reminds me tell to is decisions that is the they of light; you That which make he and God is of righteous "the the songment, a

light, that receiveth in and continueth of God, are decisions inspired Lord, the theprayer unto 25:12.) C. (See God."D. & light; receiveth light that more and groweth are decisions, their they but not and prayer has our a music unto beenThe brighter brighter until perfect the day. and are decisions the of they in Father our

it in certainlyFather has heaven, and heaven. tells Apostle Paul without us I The souls. pray our themellowed Lord

I in the the hope membership Church it is faith to impossible please God, I forto as to a with be speak you me decisions accept those can inspired as it is faith to without impossible andfew moments.

inspiration. revelations and of real anything accomplish value. (See great another conference had have We in of Faith the priesthood, the power 11:6.) Heb. spiritualof certainly the con- a Church,

of the authe and power power God, secthe In Doctrine Covenants, andference. intestimonies have Our been

to thority to delegated boys and men I tion verse 14, quote: 9,creased. may rich Every has meeting been

act of in in the the place and name Spirit of Lord. thewith the Truly, we

I Christ, of Behold, the the Jesus in here Father the our heaven Son upon am life; fed of the been breadhave and living created the heavens God, and who earth. often witnessed have we How as listen great to these sermons, we light earth, the in a hid which be cannot of faith the priesthood the power and

I addresses,these wonderful wonder darkness. lives of sparing in loved the the of our

leave here that today whetherwhen we restoring ones, their health, to them lastwill will of of that Christ, the in Faith think be the Jesus God. Son we longer. that they us could with be

it for us, ofthem. Christ well not the in be mission Jesus Faith Would

I to bear that testimony want you my to are for addresses these published, the redemption missionwhen was—that I that does hear answer know and God

allread again, to spend of evening an them you and mankind! and How me it is prayers, the through and powerreading these to suffered addresses marvelous loved the world! he he How of the faith that priesthood and many family?our Certainly live that recognize died that and have might and we we of spared, loved our ones have been

life, greatest listened of to eternal the the have probably God's wordwe

I their restored. that health has been

it I us, gift for inLord, faith the well to and be would have man. we May faith will to accept the hope have we

if sure, of faith Savior, read reread in them. beloved our mission we andam

it this for granted. too not take and much so of are Christ, of peopleThere our gospel young the Jesus which has many his in other! in Faith each Paul

to get a restored in these not to earth do our hear the day chance beenwho writings uses this expression: "For we

I its thrillconferences. sure fulness. they in would am faith, (II sight."walk not Cor. by by

if addresses. in these read they the Smith, Prophet Faith would Joseph

5:7.) of of his the Jesus the As Father one most chosen humble and Son among you, and one of the weakest, I have Christ, to bring forth the restored gospel!

long since realized that if I try to do Faith in the mission of the Prophet "I would rather walk in the dark my work without the help of the Lord, Joseph! Faith that he actually saw God with Thee,

I utterly fail, and I know without his and his Son, and that he received visitaThan walk alone in the light.

tions blessing as nothing. messengers from heavenly I am on I would rather walk by faith

trust I sincerely occasions! Faith in the life, the that the radio and many

television audiences have been able to devotion, and the mission of the Prophet with Thee, partake of the spirit of this conference. Joseph Smith! Than walk alone by sight."

Certainly there has been a beautiful, Faith in the prophets of God since sweet spirit here at every session. The that time up to the present! Faith and Let your blessings come from faith

spirit of worship, the spirit of reverence, knowledge that President David O. more than by sight. This was evidenced

the spirit of thankfulness and gratitude McKay is a true prophet of God! Faith by the words of the Master to Thomas,

Lord has said, "When ye shall meet in that the First Presidency of the Church when he said, 432 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA... because thou hast seen me, thou hast not speak about my father today that right, his divine emotions well up within

believed: blessed are they that have not way, nor my mother, and I hope our him, and in his unspeakable majesty and

takes arms, us in his believed. heseen, yet mercy have (John and to unqualified will taught not people be 20:29.) young

feel the the as it were, and warmth and we in their father address that mother and alone nor stumble not walk need of his person. waits holy infinite love He We

in the dark, because if our faith is way. patiently, but anxiously to breathe his diright, it will light our way. Faith is When Jesus was on the Mount of vine essence into the human heart upon

a gift of God. Olives with his disciples, he withdrew its contrite invitation. Oh, that all men

secret that in experience. to this he go might pray and could have is beautiful of Christ brotherhood The

is of heart. the prayer the prayer Secret his his Father. heart heavy; His was it is of God. Because behold. Why? simplicity. is in Its bathed language We cross unbearable. seemed wanted He it here, witnessed we and havetoWe Father, knowing heavenly our before kneel his to alone the Father; be with underit session. in everywitness speak, our knows as he before, that and we his standing Father, between and Jesus said, speaking Jesus desire. secret our every and every weakness

trust loving father the between and this of light knowlthe in to pray him We life: I resurrection, the he the and too, child; am we, that beautiful can have secret in is masquerade no edge. There

dead, in believeth hethat though were me, child. relationship as father and unknown.) prayer. (Author

live; shallyet he Faith that receive comfort, can we

believeth liveth and whosoever And faith in God. your Do keep Youth, in strength, blessings our and from heavdie. (Ibid., 11:2526.) shall neverme world, of the teachings the allow not enly Father of the through medium

That is the faith of the membership prayer. despondency, or discouragement cause

of this Church. Recently I read these expressions on you to lose your faith in God and in

Faith in the * principle of prayerl the subject of "Secret Prayer,"and with his Son, Jesus Christ.

Where would we go and what would your permission I should like to read Men who lose their faith are of all will you Youth, unhappy. most men prayer? them: of principle the without dowe

rebe not faith. great You may need I I as attended thrilled while was agoA

across the handcart pull a soul to heart, a with broken quired The on bended conference. who stakea man A young

knees, reverently, with head bowed always not cannot road your plains, but may lived invocation give the to askedwas in long of the remain the night shadows faith great will easy, need you and be conthere been had areain where an spiritual of in blindness. secret to pray To life. Stay trials of the face to in God worried were drouth.siderable They in brings solace divine Father our heaven in and Father heaven close your to called moisture, he was andabout when heart, to the to aching the companionship

princiSpirit the of his through partake beautiful other pray, to lonely, to among the to light assurance oppressed,upon and appropriate thoughts, he prayed to the wayward, power to the weak, strength ple of prayer.

the Lord for moisture. That boy had to the strong, and the calm conviction that I bear testimony to you that I know

faith, faith in prayer, faith in God, and God, our eternal Father, lives and that Jesus God lives, and I know when I live

Christ. the feel his influence, and righteously, I can for is the Lord to ask afraid nothe was

oneself to privilege is a shut away I I not What waver, the Lord when know Then, that needed. blessings theythe in alone the be with world and from God pleased. conferat another week, nextthe I was really for us prayer. knows what we He faith, great bless us with the Lord May too, they, area where inence the same be. to for appear are not we what and may all at live close to that him may we durmoisture, but about worrying is Ifwere If are righteous, happy. he we we the teachthat times, remember we may considerable alone, before they sinful had the go hading and are week him and we

moisture, and this young man in his there in the language of the heart tell him ings of this conference, I humbly pray prayer, I do not recall whether it was we love him and we want his help in doing in the name of Jesus. Amen.

the invocation or benediction, thanked the Lord for the moisture that had come to them, assuring them that their crops would be matured. n

Many of our young people are not here, but I hope as parents we will teach them to pray, that they may be to their their problemsable to take feel very bad "Men Are, That They heaven. in I wouldFather

if I ever learned that my children did not pray for their father or their mother.

I could assure them, as you can, thatwe pray for them constantly. Certainly, Might Have Joy"

they can do no less than to pray for their parents. Fathers and mothers, do'

your children pray for you, or are they too modest? I hope the young people

will be considerate of their parents. /to /lAsfexs

My father and motherhave been dead a long time, but how I would like to OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY shake hands with my dad and tell him how much I love him and feel the pick his themcallouses hands and on at of humility, Institute students the |T with is indeed ReLDS my I I because a kid, to as used was when

I sisters, that brothers ligion at several different and Logan, on lafarmer and hardworking ahe was this afterposition this occupy I occasions college the asked students that, But thanboring more how man.

I trust and noon. humbly I just question the asked have which I Hp'I like to see mother, how would my

Spirit of the that pray God you. immediately invariably Almost her and like to around put armswould my

''direct things will the which for all for did fine me. she college those her young thank wouldand men

Do you think I would hestitate today I shall say. reply, "A million dollars,"or they

to tell her that I love her? No, no, not If I were to ask you a question and would say, "A Cadillac,"or something

if I had a chance. Sometimes young if each of you could answer me indielse of a worldly nature. After due

answers opportunity vidually, that your take what not I wonderpeople do of this alconsideration problem, we is, question be. the chance. they What have would Thewhen to a that united conclusion is ways came

all this to in that disrespectful there children world you would your Are this of things material not world are if other words, rather you In a have? I heard ago parents?you, Sometime

boy refer to his father as the old man, had one wish, and if that one wish the most worth while. They are transiand then I heard him refer to his mothcould be granted, what would it be? tory; they are soon gone. Furthermore,

er as the old woman. No, I would I recall that when I was teaching (Continued on following page)

JUNE 1954 433 like to point out some I would Now isMilton R. Hunter continued of the laws happiness which upon

based, although I will not have time material things do not supply complete to point out all of them. I will sugsatisfaction in life. Invariably our congest, first, as Brother Isaacson has just

clusion was that the spiritual things explained, that we must have faith if we are the most worth while. They are are to be happy. We must have faith

eternal. in God the eternal Father: that he is

We always agreed finally with the actually and literally the Father of our great statement made by Father Lehi, spirits; that he loves us abundantly;

wherein he said, "Adam fell that men and that he controls within his hands, might be; and men are, that they may so to speak, the destiny of man and of

have joy."(2 Nephi 2:25.) I know of nations. We must have faith that all

no other statement in any of our scripwill go well under his divine directortures which expresses the principal purship; and that his divine plan will

pose of man's existence more aptly than ultimately be fulfilled.

does that one made by Father Lehi. We must have faith in Jesus Christ:

I believe with all my heart that God faith that he is our Lord, our Master, the eternal Father wants his children our Savior, our Redeemer, our Advoon this earth to have joy, an abundance cate with the Father. We must have

of joy. I believe, also, that he expects faith that through the atoning blood

members of the Church of Jesus Christ which he spilled, he gave us immortalof Latterday Saints, we who have taken ity. We will rise from the grave; we

upon ourselves the name of Christ, to will live again.

live an abundant, joyful, happy life. Also, we must have faith in the gosOur lives should be lived in such a pel plan of salvation which he proway as to bring to us a fulness of joy claimed and an assurance that if we

today, tomorrow, next week, ten years render obedience to that gospel plan from now, a hundred years from now, we shall come back into the presence a thousand years from now, and even of God and receive a glorious exaltation throughout the eternities. I want to and a fulness of joy.

remind each of us that God has placed—Photograph by Hal Rumel We must have faith in our fellow

within the reach of the members of men.

the Church of Jesus Christ the possibilihave felt that they could satisfy that We must have faith in ourselves:

ties of that joy, that perpetual and inner urge for happiness by breaking faith that we can accomplish the things righteously into take our which we joy,eternal just will obey if we of satisfying the the Word Wisdom—by I hearts to accomplish. that know we lives.laws that bring that joy into our their appetite for tea, coffee, tobacco,

disappointments; meet but many entire the history Throughout of manof Certainly and liquor. them may many

are to be happy, if we we cannot takekind, days from the down of Adam that those increase to found things did not the present time, throughout all nations their joy. They cut off many of their them too seriously. We must take

and among all peoples, there has been opportunities for an abundant life, and them, so to speak, on the chin, and a strong urge in the hearts of human especially is that true in the case of then with faith in our hearts continue beings to have pleasure, to have joy. using alcohol. The devil has found no forward.

They have tried every avenue available better tool to bring about poverty, Along with that faith, we must haveto man to satisfy that urge. misery, and divorce, and even to lead courage—courage to meet the world with

I suppose that the vast majority of one into gross sins, than the use of all of its perplexing problems from day people have felt that if they could acalcohol. to day. We must do away with all fear

cumulate a lot of wealth, then with Others have felt that by indulging that is within our hearts. Fear is a

that money they could buy anything their sexual emotions, by committing destroyer of happiness. It confuses the

they desired. In other words, they adultery, they could satisfy that inward mind. It brings about many distresses.

believe that an abundant life, a fulurge for happiness. It is my opinion We must remember and do as God told

ness of joy could be purchased with that that such selfindulgent people, without Joshua: "... Be strong and of a good

wealth. Numerous people have struggled any exception, find to their regret and courage; be not afraid, neither be thou

diligently to accumulate wealth, with chagrin that sin never is happiness. dismayed: for the Lord thy God is with

the result that many of them have They have found that adulterers become thee whithersoever thou goest."(Joshua

become exceedingly rich. Some of them very unhappy in this life, casting from 1:9.) That is my faith.

have actually worshiped mammon. themselves the Spirit of God, and, as I believe, also, that another basic

(Matt. 6:24; 19:1726; Luke 16:8-14; the Savior said, their final status will root of happiness is good health. It

12:1523.) Doubtless these people found be to be "... cast down to hell and is quite essential to a fulness of joy.

that that wealth brought additional suffer the wrath of Almighty God..."God has blessed us with good health,

problems, troubles, and sometimes addiwith the other sinners. (Ibid., 76:103and it is our job to live in such a way

tional sins. In most cases such wealth 107; 63:1618.) as to maintain that health that we may

and the love for it brought additional If we cannot find the abundant life have an abundance of joy continuously.

sorrow. They have found to their great and complete happiness in the realm I know there are some people who are

regret that as the Savior said, "... a of the physical, wherein lies the basis handicapped with poor health, and

man's life consisteth not in the abunof happiness? In the first place, I they are still able to control their

dance of things which he possesseth."would say that happiness comes from thoughts and minds in such a way that

(Luke 12:15.) within,>.and not from without. As the they still experience a great amount of

I recognize the fact that the possession good book says, "... as he [a man] joy. However, it is far easier to expeof a certain amount of money is good. thinketh in his heart, so is he."rience a fulness of joy if our health is

The Lord wants us to have a certain (Proverbs 23:7.) I shall paraphrase that good.

amount of the material things; but in statement by saying, "As a man think- I believe that one of the basic roots

modern revelation he condemned in eth in his heart, so shall his joy beof happiness is work. When God gave

strong terms the selfish rich man, as come."We control our happiness from Adam the commandment that he should

well as the greedy poor man. (D. & C. within by our thoughts and actions. earn his bread by the sweat of his face,

56:1617.) People can be happy without an and also proclaimed that the noxious

Other people have felt that they could abundance of material things, even weeds and other similar things that satisfy that urge for happiness by inliving under the most meager circumwere placed upon the earth, and the dulging all of their physical appetites; stances, if they will abide by the laws troubles that we meet, are here for

for example, even some Latterday Saints which bring about happiness. (Continued on page 436)

434 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

1?mrfk|<fist

FOR 195455

SPECIAL INTEREST

YOUR FAITH AND YOU—Mark E.

Petersen. Current problems of the

day are discussed with rare insight

Collected directness. Elder and from Phyllis By STEP MUSIC TO THE—edi12. stirring Petersen's Deseret News story This about young a WHITNEY.

torials. $3.00 girl isSoutherner is a and mother whose

GOSPEL IDEALS—David O. McKay whose father hates war, yet favors the $4.00 Northern cause—and whose sweetheart

fatal decision. $2.75 HEART

Chappie THROBS—Joe Mitchell$1.98 13. mustFIRSTmakeLADIES—Janea & Burt McConnell $3.00 SPIRIT THE OP ST. LOUIS—Charles A. $5.00 Lindbergh

COLONTA JUAREZ—Nellie S. Hatch

(Will be ready in September and price to be about $4.00)

JSen, gleaners BEEHNE GIRLS

14. LIFE OF THE BEE—Maurice Maeterlinck $2.50

15. REBECCA OF SUNNYBROOK FARM

—Kate D. Wiggin $1.25

David O. L. McKay M. IDEALS 6. GOSPEL—Discourses PresiSelections of from the $1.25 1G. MontgomeryANNE OF GREEN GABLES—

dent constancy of counsel 17. GIRL OF LIMBERLOST—Gene THE convictionMcKay—his will of the truth give and

$1.49 S. Porter guidance to and encouragement youth. %fe! $4.00 18. SWISS FAMILY ROBINSON—THE

7. E. $1.50 Mark FAITH YOUR H. AND YOU Wyss—

Petersen $3.00

Jean19. NIGHTINGALE FLORENCE 8. A MARVELOUS A WONWORK AND first—of nette the Story nurse Nolan. C. Richards $1.75 DER—LeGrand the to comfort gave and mercy—who

$2.75 dying. and wounded

20. BEN HUR—Lew Wallace $1.50

21. LITTLE WOMEN—Louisa May Alcott$1.50

22. LITTLE SHEPHERD OF KINGDOM

COME—John Fox, Jr. $1.49

JUNIOR M-MEN and 23. POT,J,Y\NNA—Eleanor H. Porter $1.00

MarJUNIOR GLEANERS 24. gueriteTHE LEESVanceOF ARLINGTON—$2.75

LITTLE PEPPERS—Margaret$1.50 Sidney 9. PERSIA IS MY HEART—Helen Hinckley$3.00 25. FIVE Jones

10. HIGHLIGHTS IN THE LIFE OF A GREAT LEADER (Heber J. Grant)—

Bryant H. Hinkley $2.50

10A. STEAMBOAT ON THE RIVER—Darwin$3.50 Teilhet

10B. THERE'S ADVENTURE ALWAYS $4.00—Barstow Murphy Grace

B. IOC. Deseret PERSONAL PROBLEMS—John$3.20 Geisel

44 Fast South Temple - Salt Lake City. Utah

1 DESERET BOOK COMPANY SCOUTSEXPLORERS JACOB iu 44Gentlement:East South EnclosedTemple, Saltyou Lakewill City,find Utah

I (for ) thechargeencircledto my(numbered)account thebooks:following amount: $.. HAMBLIN ( ) check ( ) money order

I Scouts and Explorers: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 10A 10B 10C 11 11A

THE AMONG11. JACOB HAMBLIN

A. Little. James The 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 INDIANS—By

thrilling stories of Jacob Hamblin's in the reader adventures awaken a Name interest in Indians and deep men... appreciationof the and an

Address lives. their influence Gospel on

$.25 City Zone.. StateExplorers Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax.

12c postage for the first book; 4 cents for each additional John Add11A. ARABIAN COW HORSE—

book. $2.50 Richard Young

JUNE 1954 435 fixion, he said to his Apostles, "Peace

Milton R. Hunter continued I leave with you, my peace I give unto

you: not as the world giveth, give I

our own good, God proclaimed a great "... every word that proceedeth forth unto you."(John 14:27.) It is the

truth. I know of no thing which gives from the mouth of God."(D. & C. peace that comes through the Spirit of

more joy to our hearts than to have a 84:44.) You and I have joined the Jesus Christ; it is the light of Christ

job that we like, and to do that job true Church of Jesus Christ. We have that enters into our hearts, that gives

the proprophets have ofefficiently well. ourselves the taken joy—as upon and the name An indescribable

... passeth claimed—"us a all underwhich coveinto a Master have entered comes and peace and satisfactionamount of

into one's heart through work well nant to keep all of his commandments. standing...."(Philippians 4:7.)

done. The Savior came into this world, acAlso, in addition to the Spirit of

President McKay yesterday mencording to his own statement, to give Christ, we have received the Holy Ghost, to a Comforter, of comfort us in time life basic to us definite other itemtioned one very more abundantly—in This brings Comforter a Godly It is service. that as words,happiness. might have joy, an distress. we Joy comes

a result of serving our fellow men. We abundance of joy, a continuance of joy. peace into our hearts.

serve our God through service to his Thus it is essential that we follow the So again I will say, my dear brothers children. There is nothing sweeter in pathway which the Son of Man marked and sisters, God has placed within your

all the world than the spiritual blessout for us if we are to receive that hands and my hands, as members of ings which come to us as the result abundant life which is a fulness of his kingdom, the way to find joy, the of service, as the result of losing our way of life, the way of life more lives for the Master's sake, with the joyWe must learn to love the Lord our abundantly. I do humbly ask him to

promise that someday we shall receive God with all of our hearts, might, bless you and me, that we will keep eternal life. mind, and strength. (Matt. 22:37all of the commandments, that we will

The last basic item that I will men38.) We must abide by that Golden abide by all of the laws basic to haption—and it is rather inclusive and a Rule (ibid., 7:12) and learn to love piness. May we make effective in our

very large one, if we are to be happy our neighbors as ourselves. (Ibid., lives Lehi's statement that "Adam fell

today, tomorrow, next week, continuous22:39.) In this way, and in this way that men might be; and men are, that

ly, and eternally—is: We must keep only, shall we have a fulness of joy. they might have joy."(2 Nephi 2:25.)

all of God's commandments. In other There is no other road. And this I ask in the name of Jesus

words, we must render obedience to The night before the Savior's cruciChrist. Amen.

final message. I think it is significant

for many reasons. One is that in this

paragraph he mentioned Brother Morris, "LABOR who today fills the vacancy left in the

Quorum by his passing. We may be

able to catch in this excerpt something of his humility. TODAY''of his eloquence and

We have heard the prayer of the Prophet referred to this morning. Here was a young

lad who believed in a promise that if any man lacked wisdom and would ask of God, it would be given to him; and in response

to that injunction he took himself out into that grove, away from the superficial strucOF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE tures of men, and he didn't stand looking into heaven; he bowed upon the bended

r -imm o you who are listening in He wore cowboy chaps and a cowboy knees of his body, and he offered up his gnrjjj2 over radio and looking in by hat. His father told us of two things prayer to God his Father to bring clearness

vision to his mind, to divest his his of from television, to put liked on the was I extend hand he to do—one

the confusion mind; existed which there I his sincerely pony, clothes of fellowship. and and ride cowboy

pertaining to religion. people can How I to picture to shows. that the other go to speak while was )! pray that It doubt that heard prayer? God Anydifficult to termito a persuade few him was moments, you I may one question would who that heard God at it. either got beneficial experience will nate hesay something be which when the of prayer that believe that boy must the

to you and which, perhaps (and this is They would try to get him home after Father in heaven is cruel and shuts himself my greatest desire), will stimulate you he had seen a show through once, but away from his children when they seek to think of things of eternal value and he continued to stay on. him. But he did hear that prayer, and as

renew in you a determination to live One Sunday morning after Sunday Elder Morris has mentioned, the light burst to obtain them. School, he went home. His mother from heaven; down through that channel

of light the the Father Son. came and Young folto fast are meeting, together assembled which gone had you To who

if people, for to father prayed you your

I this historic took the School.in extend boy lowed Tabernacle Sunday The in your of need, hour hide come he would

I faithhis greeting. off his clothes at put marvel yoursame on and Sunday not. will course you? from Neither Of

fulness, your willingness to return to cowboy clothes and then looked for our Father who is in heaven hide from us this meetinghouse on this midweek something to eat. Not finding what who seek him out.

day and listen to more preaching. I he wanted, he returned to the meetingGod grant that we may always have the

think you are the group who would house to find his mother. Spying her spirit of prayer in our hearts. (The Imattend the second session in a stake as he came down the aisle, he said, in provement Era, December 1953, p. 962.)

conference. a rather loud voice, "Mother, why

Seeing you here, and realizing that don't you come home? Are you going I extend to Brother Morris a hearty

many of you attended the Primary conto stay here and see this thing through welcome as he comes into the Council ference, so that now you have been in three times?"of the Twelve. I have loved him for

meetings constantly for five days, I am Gathered together here as we are, a long time. I remember some years

reminded of an experience my wife and remembering the sustaining of a ago attending a meeting where he adand I had one time as we rode from member of the Quorum of the Twelve dressed a group of Scout leaders. He

St. George to Cedar City. The driver and an assistant to that Quorum, I cansaid there something which still lingersof the automobile in which we rode not help feeling the loss of Brother in my mind. He was talking about

had with him his little boy, who was Cowley. We listened here just six boys who had been brought into the

just tall enough to stand on his feet months ago to his golden voice. I want Church through the activities of that

and look out through the windshield. to read to you one paragraph from his (Continued on page 438)

436 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

-is

:.....;:.:,:":.;

miff 1 850 POUNDS WASTE MATERIAL M TO DUMPS

3006 POUNDS Or MATERIAL =10 POUNDS OF COPPER

2ms* W&& is Finally the molehill of handful making Kennecott appears—a JSlilSlKff J '4 *"this just of a copper a molehill weighing Getting out 10 pounds.

mountain. The mountain is Kennecott's Utah molehill creates thousands of paychecks, thouCopper mine at Bingham Canyon. The molehill sands of supply purchases and millions of dollars

is the end product—copper we all use in in taxes that benefit all Utahns.

thousands of ways.

To produce copper, the industry must move ja The job is huge more material per pound of finished product >*; and copper can

than any other basic industry. be produced successfully only when all factors

are in balance. Careful planning, sound engineering, good equipment, competent employees

To obtain just 10 pounds and fair taxes are all necessary.

of copper, 3006 pounds of material must be handled.

First, 1850 pounds of waste is removed at the Kennecott works constantly to keep this balmine to uncover the lowgrade ore. Then 1156 ance, so that all Utahns can look forward to

pounds of ore averaging less than 1% copper is continued benefits from making a molehill out mined, transported, milled, smelted and refined. of a mountain.

vm,.''"- '::./:/:::- '=tiS| M*?*m><

:;:: -:: Kennecott Copper Corporation

A Good Neighbor Helping to Build a Better Utah

JUNE 1954 437 upon the straight and narrow path is

Marion G. Ronmey Continued repentance and baptism by water and

of fire and the Holy Ghost, and then organization, about their conversion, and In this conference we have been continued:

then he said this, in substance: That not greatly entertained at times with eloAnd now, my beloved brethren, after ye

only had boys been converted from out quent oratory. We have been taught have gotten into this straight and narrow

of the Church, but that many boys born by great teachers. We have heard path, I would ask if all is done? Behold, I

in the Church had been converted. enough truth and direction in this consay unto you, Nay;...

Then he emphasized the truth that ference to bring us into the presence of... ye must press forward with a steadbright- perfect Christ, a having in it. if is in or followwhether have fastness born the one would Church God we We

all of of of love a hope, ness and and God of theout taken the spiritual Church, converted he been be on to must mounif press forward, ye shall Wherefore, men. tain glory,in order receive visions blessings great to of of the and shown of Christ, enfeasting the and upon word

heaven. but how many of us have heard that dure to the end, behold, thus saith the

I welcome Elder Sill into the Councils voice saying we would have a part Father: Ye shall have eternal life. (2 Nephi

of the Church. I have known him for therein. 31:1920.)

nineteen years now. Back in those days I want to read a text by which we

he and I were companion bishops servmay test ourselves today and always as And now, my beloved brethren, I know ing under President Joseph L. Wirthlin, to where we stand with reference to our by this that unless a man shall endure to

of the the following in example end, faith It is belief I in president. stake our was then and the 25th the God.who

saved. be living of he cannot the God, Son verse of his of ability the of 64th his loyalty. of Section Doctrine the andknow

(Ibid., 31:16.)

I know that he never let his tithing go and Covenants:

Iunpaid. occasion an remember when with along performance, Mormon's

if Wherefore, ye believe will labor me, ye it at'consultedhe of about the end me is his an to Moroni, son his counsel it is called while today. year,the of his calculations some when unto continuing of one's heroic example

gone wrong,had did and he not have trying circumthe most under 'the end In the paragraphs two precede whichthe ready to cash his tithing in pay it recall will that was stances. You it, the clear three things: Lord makes it full. talked over, and he went We degenerate the led who Mormon First, the of the today meaning wordto the bank to and the borrowed money against struggle final their in Nephites as text; in used the certain second, things it I up. will suremake render he am discouraging and a Lamanites. the And his which people should today; do and service.a great it approached he was! job As thankless third, events will some to which come I sat this here in As conference and his beto end, inevitable wrote he the pass tomorrow. are his Here words: itrealized that to close, a drawing was that he advising had Moroni, loved son

I thought say here of what in I might battle just important in which fought it is an Behold, called until now the today closingthese moments be which would it of three of is coming conquer, not the Son and in which Man, and verily he did of worth to the people of the Church, a day of sacrifice, and a day for the tithing of his most valiant leaders and a great and this statement from the Prophet of my people; for he that is tithed shall not number of his choice men had been

at burned his coming.came to my mind: be

after For today cometh the burning... killed. He continued,

is I It for verily say, all to thing the proud one tomorrow be the on mount and I lest son, fear behold, the now And my they that the excellenthear shall and etc.,.do wickedly as voice, be another and for this shall people; destroy Lamanites

I I will stubble; forto the hear voice up, burn declare and to them you, have am You stirreth repent, not they Satan and do

I the lot of part Hosts; will ina spare Lord that and and CD. not kingdom. any C. H. to continually anger anone with them up

that in5:403.) Babylon. remain other.

Behold, I am laboring with them conThat passage from the Prophet's And then follows our text: tinually; and when I speak the word of

writings has been on my mind a great God with sharpness they tremble and deal. He gave it at the end of a long Wherefore, if ye believe me, ye will labor anger against me; and when I use no sharpsermon, in which he had been urging while it is called today. (Ibid., 64:2325.) ness they harden their hearts against it;

the people of his day to make their wherefore, I fear lest the Spirit of the Lord striving ceased them. desire with hath in a to heart empha- I have my calling their sure. election and himHe

it so exceedingly anger they that For do size of of will the the doing importance self his calling had election and made fear they that of seemeth have no me lasts. while Perhaps today now God sure.

lost love, their they death; have and one does a hangs more upon what man to Lord said The the Prophet Joseph thirst after another; they towards and

of his short the period mortal during occasion, Smith one on continually. revenge blood (Moroni and

probation than upon his performance in 9:3-5.)

For I am the Lord thy God, and will be any other period of equal duration with thee even unto the end of the world, since the spirit hosts took sides in the Then, notwithstanding these disall eternity; for verilyand through I seal great heaven. war in declares his circumstances, couraging he

exaltation, you yourupon prepare and a Alma's missionary Amulek, companto to continue labor intention and inthrone of the Father, for you kingdom my ion, this to speaks subject as likewise. to his follows: encourages son do Moroni father. (D.with 132:49.) your C. Abraham &

Listen to his plea and take courage

. is the the time of your and day.. now therefrom: specifies in the the then Lord And

.. salvation; sentence conditions that next the son, notwithstandnow, life And this for is the behold,. my beloved For time men that great to blessing brought the diligently; their labor ing hardness, let us to to prepare yea, the behold, meet God;

Prophet Joseph. day of this life is the day for men to perfor if we should cease to labor, we should

form their labors. be brought under condemnation; for we

Behold, I have seen your sacrifices, and... therefore, I beseech of you that ye do have a labor to perform whilst in this

will forgive all your sins; I have seen your not procrastinate the day of your repentance tabernacle of clay, that we may conquer the

sacrifices in obedience to that which I until the end; for after this day of life, enemy of all righteousness, and rest our

have told you. (Ibid., 132:50.) which is given us to prepare for eternity, souls in the kingdom of God. (Ibid., 9:6.)

if time our improve not behold, do we life, this night the in then while cometh to Heber gave that same witness He of wouldIn theseemlightto beof mosttheseunwiseteachings,to relyit perthere labor darkness be no can wherein I suppose Kimball. C. who that a man

had that witness would be enjoying formed. (Alma 34:3133.) upon the doctrine of the socalled second

the more sure word of prophecy, which chance and wait until after death to perthe Prophet defines as Nephi taught this same doctrine and form our good works. I am acquainted

went one step farther. He declared with the doctrine that those who have

in this labor only not must receive we and to hear no opportunity life, had a man's that he is sealed knowing up that...

also that continue that must but in this life will that we the gospel have life, eternal and the by revelation unto spirit of prophecy, through the power of the labor until the end of life. He pointed opportunity in the world to come, and

Holy Priesthood. (Ibid., 131:5.) out that the gate by which one enters (Continued on page 440)

438 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It unlocks the unused power in your engine!

New Conoco Sopor Gasoline with

The Greatest Gasoline Development in 31 Years

Today, most cars are being robbed of their full power by lead deposits

on spark plugs and in combustion chambers. These deposits cause

spark plugs to misfire and cause preignition or "wild ping."But now,

Conoco Super Gasoline with TCP stops misfiring and preignition because it neutralizes these deposits. As a result, it boosts power as much as

15%... gives spark plugs up to 150% longer life... and increases gasoline

mileage, too. In short, TCP unlocks all the unused power in your engine!

Your Guarantee. The trademark, TCP, is your guarantee

that you are getting the full benefits of "The Greatest Gasoline Development in 31 Years."Only Shell Oil Company and

its authorized licensee, Continental Oil Company, have the full knowledge of the proper use of TCP. Only Conoco Super

Gasoline and Shell Premium have TCP.

CONOCO Gasoline with.. by Shell Oil Company. TCP *Trademark owned and patent applied for New Conoco SuperB Continentaln - j.ii 1954,

Oil VCompany JUNE 1954 439 Marion G. Romney continued virgins.of the Saidwhereaboutsthe Prophetof Joseph,the foolish-

I rejoice in it. I rejoice in the vision Lord, open to us,"and that his answer gotIf "omenbewouldsubject,acquirebeforesalvationthey leavethey havethis

and the revelation received by the was, "Verily I say unto you, I know you world, to certain rules and principles,

Prophet Joseph Smith on the 21st day not."(See Matt. 25:1-13.) which were fixed by an unalterable decree

of January 1836, which teaches this In 1831 the Lord continued with the before the world was.

doctrine. The Prophet reported that lesson he had in mind to teach with this [Otherwise] the disappointment of hopes

at the resurrection expectations would and vision parable. revelation and that as in part to the Speaking Prophet

6:50dreadful. be indescribably (D. H. C. follows: specified Joseph, he blessof the some

ings to received five be the wise 51.) by The heavens were opened upon us, and

I beheld the celestial kingdom of God, and virgins. Said he: In view of these teachings and the

the glory thereof... I saw the transcendent many others which carry the message

beauty of the gate through which the heirs And at that day, when I shall come in that today is the day for us to perform glory, shall the fulfilled parable of my be that will enter, kingdom like which was it labors, to be wisdom our seem would which I spake concerning virgins. the ten circlingunto fire; flames of also the blazing of part soul every the been has on who they For that are wise received and havethrone of God, whereon seated was the to gospel, the here taught and now the truth, taken Spirit the have and IFather Holy the and Son. the beautiful saw

efsincere daily conscious a and make their guide,streets and not have of debeen that kingdom, the which had apit. live effort fort this to I should And say you, unto shall they of notpearance being with gold. paved I saw forceived—verily

Fathers Adam and Abraham, and my father be hewn down and cast into the fire, butf continue to the end of mortal life. Failand mother, my brother, Alvin, that has shall abide the day. ing to make such an effort, a person

long since slept, and marvelled how it was And the earth shall be given unto them identifies himself as one who does not for inheritance; an shall they multiply andthat he obtained had inheritance in an that if for, believe he, said the Lord, "...

strong, and their and wax children shallkingdom, seeing that he had this departed is it will believe labor ye ye me, while sin withoutlife up salvation. unto the before set Lord had to grow His hand called today."For shall the Lord in their be Israel midst,gather the time, second not and had

intoday, laboring That may, we by his shall glory and be them, upon and he baptized forbeen the sins. of remission

Thus came the voice of the Lord unto will be their king and their lawgiver. herit the great blessings we have heard

me, saying (D. & C. 45:5659.) so much about in this conference, I

"All who have died without a knowledge humbly pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

of this Gospel, who would have received No mention is made in this revelation Amen.

it if they had been permitted to tarry, shall be heirs of the celestial kingdom of God;

also all that shall die henceforth without a knowledge of it, who would have received it with all their hearts, shall be heirs of

I,that for will kingdom, the Lord, judge "Keep My Commandments"their to according according works, all men to the desire of their hearts."(D. H. C.

2:380.) All this I accept with joy. However,

it does not teach, and I have never found anything in the scriptures nor in the teachings of the prophets which enOF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE believe,courages to that those me who brothers you, and 1 assure missionary my of program the Church, f the to gospelhave taught here them sisters, an< the southern which answers the of charge the Re- 'Sm ifwill loss their able to be make up is this to route stand no to his deemer of latter the Church days life for to choosethey wait next the shorter northern the than to proclaim the of message the restored it. Ito advise not obey would anyone it I diffiroute. find rather to gospel every nation, kindred, tongue, i Ito take that chance. As understand cult of to in the caboose be people. and

scriptures,the taking such a hazard speakers, conference particularly because said Lord The through the Prophet be fatal.would I sitting last seat, the realizing on for am Joseph Smith the elders of this

after of speaking Amulek, night "the that of already brethren have Church many their my to open mouths say and of darkness there wherein be can no of part given to you. message to the world, my

labor performed,"added: Through this conference my mind has Repent, repent, and prepare ye the way

Ye cannot say, when ye are brought to been upon Brother Cowley. I want to of the Lord, and make his paths straight;

that awful crisis, that I will repent, that I say to you, my brothers and sisters, he for the kingdom of heaven is at hand;

will return to my God. Nay, ye cannot was a man of God, one who exemplified Yea, repent and be baptized, every one of

say this; for that same spirit which doth the calling of apostleship in a high deyou, for a remission of your sins; yea, be

possess at bodies that your the time baptized go ye water, even by then and cometh gree. loved loved him; he was We life, spirit of this will thatout by the fire of same have baptism of the and Ghost. Holy stirred people. his inthe by We were to possess eternal in that yourpower verily, verily, I Behold, body this say you, unto spiring messages. isworld. gospel; shall and that remember they my

For behold, if ye have procrastinated the Today I am glad to welcome into our have faith in me or they can in nowise be day of your repentance even until death, Council Brother George Q. Morris to saved;

behold, ye have become subjected to the fill the vacancy caused by Brother CowAnd upon this rock I will build my sealspirit devil, of the you he doth and yea, church; this built, rock are upon ye ley's passing. Brother strong Morris is a

of Spirit therefore, ifhis; the the Lord hath ye continue, the of hell and gates shall leader. brings devoted and He place you, hath and from nowithdrawn prevail great not against you.

council. strength to our and wisdom all over devil the hath powerin you, and shall ye articles the church remember And

sustain heart I support and all my of is final state this the With theyou; and covenants to keep (D. and 33: them. C. &

wicked. (Alma 34:3435.) him, and offer him my help. 1014.)

I Sterling also Brother welcome W. I verse: that paraphrase deferring of "And May obedience this point On I Sill. sure greatly will he add am shall articles to ye the profit church remember congospel, with might theto we quality in Authorities the the General laws, (the doccommandments, and of ten the Savior's parablesider the

service gives of devotion to the and he trines) covenants (the and covenant pro- I anyvirgins. remember not do

of people the Church. of baptism, sacrament, priesthood, for and that parable invision being made

the five foolish virgins to enter into the Last Friday we had the delightful of the temple, and all other holy ordimarriage at a later time. I do rememopportunity of listening to the reports nances) to keep them."

ber, however, that after the door was and testimonies of the mission presiWherefore, be faithful, praying always, shut they, having in the meantime filled dents. These men, under the direction having your lamps trimmed and burning,

their lamps with oil, came saying, "Lord, of the Twelve, are responsible for the (Continued on page 442) 440 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It is difficult to write a definition of the American way.

But it is easy to find good examples. Here is one:

Can inventiveness be taught?

There never was a time when America needed more best one. Even methods which at first seem ridicuscientific ingenuity than now. lous often turn out to be extremely practical.

If we are to stay ahead in the world's race for He also learns that working with other creative technical supremacy, thousands of highly creative people can be highly stimulating, and that it often engineers will have to be developed... men who can pays to bring a number of minds to bear on a project.

make full, swift use of all our new knowledge and One man's hunch inspires another; the halfformed

uncover more. idea of a third is made whole by a fourth; the amusThe question is, essentially: who can come up ing "notion"tossed out almost as a joke leads to a

with the best ideas first? solution.

There is a natural creative ability in every enHe works on real company problems, not just gineer. But sometimes it remains undeveloped all theoretical ones.

his life. That is why at General Electric we send Results have been excellent. Most of the students

many of our young engineers through a special file several patent dockets before the yearand-a-halfcourse called the Creative Engineering Program. long course ends. And, after graduation, the men who

Its aim is to bring out all a young man's invenhave attended the course continue to develop new tiveness and teach him ways he can continue to inprocesses and patentaWe ideas at an average rate crease it all his life. almost three times that of nongraduates. Some have

A student learns many things. made such important contributions that they have

He learns first that he must always think for received General Electric's highest achievement himself, not rely only on his textbook information award.

or other people's opinions. His first step to greater Our experience has given us a comforting concreativeness is making his own interpretations and viction:

decisions. It is already possible to increase latent creative

He learns to analyze every problem thoroughly ability manyfold, and we are certain techniques will... but never to be satisfied with just one way to emerge in the years ahead for doing an even better

solve it. The triedand-true approach may not be the job. We are looking for them every day.

(Togress is our most importantproduct

GENERAL ELECTRIC

JUNE 1954 441 now that science is proving cancer to be

Delbert L Stapley continued linked with tobacco use, many are dropping the habit through fear of this disease. often incurable dreaded and perfect oil with you,and at steadfastness in Christ, having be ready a that you may

revewill set at naught the menthe of (Ibid., coming love of brightness of hope, the Bridegroom. 33:17.) and a and Why God

The Savior, appearing to the Nephites of all men. Wherefore, if ye shall press lations of God about good health habits

in taught and feasting of Christ, the the Word of Wisdom word uponon this, the American continent, said, forward, - saith yield to end, to the thus behold, habitforming products and endure from... ye know the things that ye must do the Father: Ye shall have eternal life. plants or herbs that are detrimental to

in my church; for the works which ye (2 Nephi 31:17, 1920.) their systems or bodily functions?

... seenhave shall also that do; ye do me results Daily see of disastrous the counseled beloved King Benjamin if The Therefore, ye these things blessed do strong highthe on drink—accidentswe for ye,are lifted shall his last ye people: at be the up

broken, ways, children homes wives andday. 27:2122.) (3 Nephi

I that consider ye should would desire... suffering in ofttimes want, deserted and

of state those blessed that the and happy helpless, to live and with norThe Lord again counseled the Neon no hope of the keep For God. commandmentsphites: lives. and bemal happy has said, Lord The all things, are in blessed both hold, they

Therefore, whatsoever ye shall do, ye shall temporal and spiritual; and if they hold That inasmuch as any man drinketh wine

do it in my name; therefore ye shall call the out faithful to the end they are received or strong drink among you, behold it is not

church in my name; and ye shall call upon into heaven, that thereby they may dwell good, neither meet in the sight of your

the Father in my name that he will bless with God in a state of neverending happiFather....

the church for my sake. ness. O remember, remember that these And, again, strong drinks are not for the

And how be it my church save it be things are true; for the Lord God hath belly, but for the washing of your bodies.

called in my name? For if a church be spoken it. (Mosiah 2:41.) (D. & C. 89:5, 7.)

itcalled in Moses'then Moses'name be I sisters, plead brothers would and My if it these revealed veritruths are or calledchurch; of in be the When name of part for the faith the membership on

it ofa then the fied a be church scientific but of man field research in man; by the

is typical faith that of this the Church,if it it called in is be then name my my health, thus actual knowledge, becoming learn, to child, eager of teachable, achurch, it of faith the socalled the makes beblind- to not accept obey, to and willing liever appear presumptive, weak and this then the significant adds Lordand I pleadly, understanding. with but am also clearly and rebellious demonstratesphrase, the into entered ing have with you who attitudes, disobedient and no prompted faith, straight path through and narrow if it so are that they be build upon feeling a of doubt restricted by freedoms. my the receiving baptism, repentance, andgospel. value, sisters, what brothers Of and my press worthto forward Ghost, and Holy if it is so the that built be church And if is faith lost people privitheir have of ily the ordinance every with comply gospel will the thenupon Father show my it? lege to exercise pleased be Can God it. hisforth (Ibid., in 27:7-8, gospel. works 10.) own

little of people with or faith? no riches material If offered were men to Listen the of I sisters, words testify brothers Alma: that and My service, of for as years devoted reward a

ofthe Christ Jesus of Latterday Church decision accept a to be would doubt no there Yea, are If say: do many thou who is built ofSaints gospel the true upon price wilt given, the show sign us unto though a even promptly from then heaven,

It Christ.Jesus his does bear and name shall of surety; a shall know we then strength their overtax paid to we be might

it.does forth of the in works show God offers health. their undermine God and

I call I is to ask, specific attention this the your I faith? and Behold, say believe.Now life, exaltation, glory, the and eternal

if you, for unto Nay; ageneral a knoweth information given man mornSunday reof as himself a association and Son thing he hath to for believe, cause no heing President of by the growth McKay serve diligently those to him ward who it. knoweth of progress the theand Church. The their days. of to has the no end He I as said concerning And now faith—faith for provides theChurch temporal and of gift Yet, to greater because bestow. is to not perfect of have a knowledge

itsspiritual Its of people. needs missiongift if things; of this intangible therefore nature the and faith ye have ye hope

aries bear the gospel message to all nathe weakness of people's faith, they fail for things which are not seen, which are tions. It is set up after the organization to accept and follow the conditions to true. (Alma 32:1718, 21.)

of the primitive Church, with prophets, obtain this state of peace and happiness apostles, evangelists, etc., and with auin celestial glory. And this is the type of faith, my

thority divinely bestowed through the If men will open their hearts to truth, brothers and sisters, that Latterday priesthood of God to officiate in all the the Holy Ghost will stimulate their Saints should have, and recognize that saving ordinances of the gospel to perfaith to accept the revelations and follow scripture is from God, revealed through fect and exalt man. the counsel of divinely appointed leadthe Holy Ghost for the blessing and for

We learn in the writings of Nephi ers. Faith is a gift from God, to be the good of God's children, and being

that Satan has no power over the hearts earnestly sought for. It cannot be the our Creator, certainly he would not give

of people who dwell in righteousness. type of faith exhibited by Thomas, who us any principle or reveal any truth that

The evil and wickedness present in the would not accept his fellow workers'was not for our good.

world today show the power Satan has word that Jesus had risen and appeared Now may I call your attention to the over the hearts of people, and therefore unto them, unless he had the privilege Church welfare program. This plan was

the promotion of righteousness among of feeling the prints of the nails in his given by revelation and has been immen is the important duty of God's servhands and thrusting his own hand into plemented in this generation of uncerants, and thus they prepare all his chilthe side of the Savior. It cannot be the tainties and perplexities to provide the

dren against the days of tribulation pretype of faith of those who seek after signs temporal needs and to increase spirituceding the Savior's coming to earth upon which they might establish faith. ality among our people. Is this plan

again. The Lord revealed to the Prophet operating in the homes of the LatterNephi again admonished his people: Joseph Smith 121 years ago the Word of day Saints?

For the gate by which ye should enter is Wisdom, the Lord's law of health, showTo be realistic we have to view present repentance and baptism by water; and then ing forth the order and will of God in economic conditions with some concern.

cometh a remission of your sins by fire the temporal salvation of all Saints in The economy has tightened up. Unand by the Holy Ghost. the last days and given for a principle employment is a problem. Church memAnd now, my beloved brethren, after ye with promise. Many have doubted, and bers are experiencing difficulties. Can

have gotten into this straight and narrow by their acts have refused to accept this we depend upon reported improved busif all ispath, ask I would Behold, done? iness trends to nonstable revelation and of wisdom. commodity be a word The

I for you, say unto ye not Nay; have come prices to restore assure advertising inviting enticing appeal a and high ecoand

it farthus save of the were Christ by word is level? nomic interests are of listened tobacco claims of the condition What in faithwith relying unshaken him, wholly

upon the merits of him who is mighty to to and accepted by men and women our personal affairs? Are we in debt

save. against their Creator's revealed truth with instalment payments and heavy

Wherefore, ye must press forward with a that tobacco is not good for man. But (Continued on page 444)

442 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA m mwmm

s4*Ufttme 2. PtdUc Date To f<*4*

From KSL lacUa

SUBJECT: DAYTIME LISTENING at its best

7 a.m. News 7:oo.m.

The Rolfe Peterson Show 7:i5a.m.

tticltVW SylaA 11:45 a.m.

i:3o P.m. House Party

ZJriendiu at the rrammona 2:05 p.m.

Wizard Off 044* 3:00 p.m.

IRadio 1160 on your dial KSL

JUNE 1954 443.

Delbert L. Stapley continued

BRING THEM HERE!

obligations on our hands? Do we have but serve him and keep his commandcash funds in savings or on deposit? ments.

If we should be adversely affected, Moses, the great prophet, lawgiver, even temporarily, can we sustain ourand friend of God, sought diligently to selves for a reasonable period without sanctify the children of Israel that they help? We have all been counseled to might behold the face of their God.

set our personal affairs in good order. They would not listen, but hardened

Those who have heeded this counsel, I their hearts; therefore, God took Moses,

firmly believe, are wise. Your Church the Holy Priesthood, and the gospel out

follows its own counsel, cushioning its of their midst and left with them the finances and storing welfare goods to Lesser Priesthood and the law of carnal protect the work of the Church, and commandments, which priesthood and insofar as possible, the welfare of its law does not have the power to perfect let us help you bring your relatives from members. nor sanctify people.

in the anywhere world All to America. as a Our strength is in people unity, again in our reas day, And then travel arrangements, reservations, exand emphasized so often President by Clark. corded in the directly penses Section handled 105th of the through agency our

at no additional cost to you. This unity is made possible by keeping Doctrine and Covenants, the Lord said:

the commandments of God.

I it Behold, say you, unto were for not firmly convinced our greatest I am.. the transgressions of people, speaking my TRAVEL blessings as NOW a Church and people come concerning the church not and individuals, collectively not If individually. and God they might have been redeemed even now. LATER! PAY were pleased it us with individually, behold, they But learned have not to be American inaugurates Pan a new follows he would pleased be us with to I obedient the things at which required timepayment requireddown plan—10%Airlines

collectively. of us, their as integral Each full hands, all but balance in small an are can be paid of paymonthly of manner

credit ments. This plan applied can be evil, to part of and do their not impart of God's either kingdom, substance, contributes bringing here, over or someone to taking

saints, as becometh to the afflicted poor and beneficially or adversely trip yourself. to the a Don't welfare postpone longer any

them; and blessing of our fellow Church memamong.details... call on us for further information and are not united according to the And bers.

I call your attention to the great unionkingdom;required by the law of the celestial

patriarch, Enoch, who lived so close to And Zion cannot be built up unless it is UNIVERSAL God that he walked and talked with by the principles of the law of the celestial

I cannot receive her TRAVEL SERVICE, INC. priesthood,him and wasto thegivenperfectinggreat powerand sanctiin the kingdom;unto myself.otherwise

HOTEL TEMPLE SQUARE fying of his people. It is said, in the Therefore, in consequence of the transSalt Lake City—5-6552, 5-5924 writings of Moses: gressions of my people, it is expedient in

me that mine elders should wait for a little... And the Lord blessed the land, and season for the redemption of Zion. (D. & C.

they were blessed upon the mountains, and 105:2-5, 9.)

the upon high places, and did flourish. established Brigham Young our When

7:17.) (Moses

in of these the tops people mountains,

And Enoch and all his people walked with he promised them that if they would of the dwelt in the of keep he midst commandments and Zion; God

to pass that ITS EASY TO COOK God,and itandcame for not, Zion was serve the Lord, that the Lord would received into God it up bosom; his own for the their elements temper sakes, and WITH AN thence and from forth the went saying, their lands bountifully. should produce

is fled. (Ibid., 7:69.) Zion ELECTRIC I recognize, brothers Now, and RANGE my

Then we read the account of the sisters, that a condition of righteousness

Savior's visit to the Nephites where he is becoming better and stronger among established his kingdom among them. the people of the Church. I feel this is

Righteousness was taught the people by true as I make my visits to the stakes the disciples whom Jesus chose, and a of Zion. However, there is room for ELECTRIC condition of righteousness prevailed improvement, and I am sure if we would

among all the people. We read in put into operation the plans that have

Fourth Nephi that: been developed to reactivate the inCOOKING active, that we could bring about a

costs the... every man did deal justly one with condition of righteousness that would

another. blessings the of permit to flow to God family average all they things had And among common us in rich measure.

there therefore them; not rich were and only about In of Section the the Doctrine 42nd free, all poor, but they bond and were made

called the and Covenants revelation free, of the partakers and heavenly 9C a day of gift. embracing.. the Lord, the the Law after. they did walk the commandments which they had received from their Lord said to the Prophet Joseph Smith:

Lord....

And it came to pass that there was no And again, every person who belongeth to contention in the land, because of the love this church of Christ, shall observe to keep of God which did dwell in the hearts of all the commandments and covenants of the people. the church. (Ibid., 42:78.)

surely there could not be and a And the Savior said as he walked all the people people happier... among who

had been created by the hand of God. among men,

(4 Nephi 2-3, 12, 1516.) If ye continue in my word, then are ye

Now in contrast to these two seemingmy disciples indeed. (John 8:31.)

Be Modern ly perfect conditions we have examples In closing, my brothers and sisters, of unrighteousness on the part of the I would plead with the Saints and with

Live Electrically people whereby they did not enjoy the all peoples to have the kind of faith

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. tofullthemblessingsthroughof Godpromisethatif hetheyheldwouldout that leads to good(Continuedworks, toon acceptpage 446)the

444 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FOLLOW THE SIMPLE DIRECTIONS AND YOU'LL TURN OUT

I perfect U and iWBERRY JAM You can't help being successful in your strawberry jam sessions correct if you use ripe but sound fruit, pure U and I Sugar, the amount of pectin, and follow the steps. The RESULTS, rewarding dividends in personal satisfaction, economical savings, and

in the pleasure of good eating.

well. strawberries; mix to pectin 1 powdered package layer one strawberries, qts. ripe hull, 2 crush and Wash, boil. to hard until a mixture comes stir heat; high Set over textured even to an assure kitchen masher a using time,

I from minute. boil Remove hard and & U Add kettle. Measure fruit into crushed cups 4 Measure jam. prevent minutes to for turns skim 5 Stir by I andSugar heat. and into bowl I SUGAR GRANULATED FINE cups / a7 U & at 2 Add fruit.V floating

set aside.

For all your canning, be sure to use PURE U AND I SUGAR, often referred to as "crystallized sunshine and water"Ladle quickly into prepared glasses.3 T

Cover at once with Va inch hot paraffin. Yield: about ten

6-oi. glasses.4

JUNE 1954 445.

Delbert L Stapley continued GRIND YOUR atoning sacrifice and redeeming power I bear my testimony and witness to of the all keep Son of God, to all is this of his laws you and work men that OWN WHEAT and to uprightly commandments, walk all true. therefore God, and May we

and in all holiness before him, that the enjoy that witness and that testimony, blessings of heaven might be theirs to and do all within our power to step enjoy; and his Church prosper and fulfil forward the interests of this great kingits great destiny of saving the souls of dom, I pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

Model 2040 men. Amen.

HOBART MILL VT-*?

will grind wheat for flour or cereal vnoiher Sprinawnna..

(Five different grinds) Richard L. Evans

Cince we are assured that spring has constantly recurred for so many centuries, we should not, perhaps, be awed or overly impressed by its coming once again—but spring

ceases never unbelievable to be an miracle and an unforis This rebuilt a V3 hp Duty Mill Heavy gettable If memory. the Creator (or not still creating were

refinished) (not originally which sold for if the law of chance ever to were take over), should not we in $240.00. in Over 500 use for Utah

grinding wheat. Unconditionally Guaranknow if there should ever be another spring. But blessedly

teed against any defect for one year. the Creator still keeps creation in its course, and blessedly

we have come once more upon this hopeful, renewing, rePrice $60.00 f.o.b. Salt Lake City

storing season. Spring is the symbol, the reality, the fulfilment of faith. It is, in a sense, "... the substance of things

'"It is the harbinger of the harvest. It HOBART SALES AGENCY hoped for...,.

919 So. State St.—Salt Lake City, Utah is a symbol and assurance of love and life, of hope and hapPhone 4-1684 piness; and a symbol that we ourselves shall come forth to

a newness of life. All this spring is—and much more. It is

a time for filling in the ruts of winter, the ruts that have held us in narrow ways: the ruts of cramped thinking, the ruts

of narrow living, the ruts of trivial talking, the ruts that keep

YOU CAN our very lives too narrowly confined. Spring invites us to

wrench ourselves out of the winterworn ruts. It is also a

YOUR reminderof litter leftof bythewinterprinciplewinds,of repentance,of the washingof theawaycleaningof smudgeout on walls and windows. There is nothing in life quite like

the feeling of cleanness: of clean clothes, clean houses, cleanliness of person, clean hands, and hearts—of the sense of

cleanness that comes with clearing out dark thoughts, with putting out prejudice and pettiness, and repenting of the past. There is much of scripture on the quality of cleanliness, "For this ye know, that no... unclean person... hath

any inheritance in the kingdom of Christ and of God."2

Spring invites us to wash what should be washed away and

WITH toSomehowtake a fresh,we thinkclean oflookspring,at ourselveswhen weandreadour surroundings.the words in

Genesis, as God looked out upon the evening of the sixth day and saw everything that he had made, and "... behold, a, it was very good.'"It was very good, and it is very good—

it be so. cleanness And with the

of spirit a willingness with and clay (jfcile asthatmencanthemselvescome withwillspring,let humility of heart, we can have on earth, we can have in life,

See Hermosa Tile Advertisement on Front the faith, the.hope, the sweet and everlasting assurance that

Cover. Installed in this Territory by this blessed season unfailingly suggests.

Hebrews 11:1.

2Ephesians 5:5. ELIAS MORRIS aGenesis 1:31.

CO. SONS & So. 250 East Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah Jke Spokenjpoken l/l/ordl/l/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

Phone 3-5715 PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, MARCH 28, 1954 Over 92 Years of Service Copyright, 1954

446 THE IMPROVEMENTERA New Approaches to Book of Mormon Study

(Continued from page 389) evolutionary rule of thumb, that it has enabled our colleges in the West to dispense almost entirely with libraries, and to offer large numbers of impressive courses in ancient life and culture without ever feeling the disquieting urge to consult original sources: why bother to read hard

books when evolution gives you an easy answer to everything?

Every new discovery tends to substantiate the theory of a primary radiation of peoples from the "Jaredite country"in the northern reaches of the Tigris and Euphrates. It is to that

area that archaeologists have now turned for the solution to the problem of worldcivilization. Whether or not

Jarmo, east of the Tigris in northern

Iraq, is actually the oldest village in the world, as was announced in 1951 (and Braidwood estimates its age at—years),8only sixthousandit certainlynot sixtymillionlies at the

center of a series of radiating zones that embrace ruins of the same type that rival it in antiquity. The most

ancient cities in the world are not strewn about the earth in haphazard fashion, but give every indication of spreading from a single center. 109

The same tendency to converge towards a single point on the map has marked the study of linguistic origins during the last decades. The identification of exotic central and even Hew Premium Gasoline

eastern Asiatic languages as members of our own linguistic family was followed at the end of the 1920's by the surprising discovery that the mysSINCLAIR terious Hittite was cousin to such homely western idioms as Latin and

Welsh. Within the last year or two archaeologists claim to have filled up POWER-X

the gap between the IndoEuropean and the Turanian languages; if that

is so, almost all of Europe and Asia will turn out to be speaking variations of a single tongue. 110 In 1952

Carnoy announced that Etruscan, which has baffled researchers for centuries, belongs to a very early wave of IndoEuropean migration into the west, a wave which brought in with it such strange "Pelasgian"languages as Lydian and Lycian, and that Etruscan's closest relative is the thoroughly western Hittite. 111

Along with this amazing predominance of "our own people"in times (Continued on following page) JUNE 1954 447 a

NEW APPROACHES TO BOOR OF MORMON STUDY

(Continued from preceding page) not originate in those lands at all.

and places at which any suggestion At present the experts are meditating of their presence a few years ago and arguing about the peculiar cirwould have excited gales of concumstance, that writing was introtemptuous laughter, goes the newlyduced into both areas suddenly and won conviction that the great civilizafirst appears in both places in an tions of Egypt and Mesopotamia did (Continued on page 450)

LDS RECORDALBUMS ML4789 1—12"Long Play Record $5.95

THE MORMON TABERNACLE CHOIR, Vol.

1—O My Father; Come, Come Ye Saints;

Abide With Me; Guide Us, O Thou

to the Great Praise Jehovah; Lord; sQ jrauor for JkemdeweS Faith of Lord's Prayer; The Our Fathers;

O Worship the King. A Mighty Fortress;

O God, Our Help in Ages Past; Now

THE ThankMORMONWe AllTABERNACLEOur God; LiftCHOIR,Thine Eyes.VolRichard L. Evans

ume II—Let the Mountains Shout for

Joy; Now the Day is Over; Jesu, Work of God Incarnate; Hail Bright Abode \17e often see the familiar picture of parents and teachers

from "Tannhauser;"Achieved

Glorious "The Creation;"is the pleading with young people to improve themselves, to Work from

Supplication; Hear of the Out My Silearn their lessons, to make the most of their lives. And lence; Rise "St. Up! Arise! from Paul;"

Hallelujah Chorus from "Mount of because of this sincere anxiety on the part of parents, young Olives."

RC5303 people may sometimes assume that they are doing teachers 33V3 1—Long Play Record or parents a favor by learning their lessons, by improving

ORATORIO is true. It is true that much MORMONfrom the BOOK OF $5.72 their lives. In one sense this

By LeRoy vanel conductingJ. RobertsonUniversitywith Mauriceof AbraUtah of the measure of a parent's success and satisfaction is found

Choruses and the Utah Symphony Orin the soundness and happiness and success of his children.

chestra. is found in the ALL FACES WEST, Conventional 78 rpm recIt is true that much of a teacher's success ord album Includes Come, of Come312"YerecordsSaints; Prayer$4.95 lessons that his students learn. But in another sense, it is,

for a Safe Journey; Fly Lower, Birds; peculiar paradox that parents or teachers should so much, so

This Thousandis TheWings;Place; ThenThe ShallFlutteringThe Desertof a long, so patiently have to plead with young people to make

Blossom As Chorus. GORIN and the Rose—Sung by IGOR good use of their lives—for every effort they make, all the

Same as above one one longplay 33T/3 knowledge they acquire, every lesson they learn is for their record $3.95 own everlasting advantage. And in doing what they should

ADD POSTAGE PRICES30c TO ABOVE for do and in learning what they should learn, they are doing

Single LP, 50c for regular 78 rpm Record matter for the In favor for themselves. the Leaving Album. Utah moment add 2% to above prices a

for state sales tax.

of look people, prodding young and persuading we may DAYNES MUSIC COMPANY 4547 Salt South Main, Lake City 1, Utah briefly side of the subject: at another Sometimes may we

Please records send I have checked me the if above. special favor think that else a done someone we have we

Name live according to law. Sometimes we may think we are doing

Address the Lord God a special favor if we keep his commandments.

City State And it is true that it would please him to have us do so, for ( )Cash ( ) Charge ( ) C.O.D.

his declared purpose is "to bring to pass the immortality and

FIRST OF ALL - RELIABILITY eternal life of man,"1 to bring to pass the happiness, and peace and everlasting progress of his children. For this cause were

'aiines Music the commandments given, and for this cause has he patiently

4547 SOUTH MAIN keeping them, we serve first ourselves—no matter what we nnmo repeated them through his servants, the prophets. But in 5afrate City145 NORTH UNIVERSITY. PROVO'2260J WASHINGTON BLV0..O6DEN may do for others besides ourselves. And in breaking them

we do injury to ourselves, no matter what we may do to others besides ourselves. It is a great virtue to love and to

FREE! pleasea lessonparents;learned;it andis a sincereit is goodsatisfactionto keep theto acommandmentsteacher to see

all of in Father. our favor the approving heavenly But FILMS for 16 MM. SOUND

all all this in of lessons, of others, learning this in pleasing for

M.I. A., Boy Scouts, Special this keeping of commandments, we do immeasurable service

Interest or other groups. for ourselves. And others shouldn't have to plead with us so

275 TITLES TO CHOOSE FROM much or labor with us so long to persuade us to do what we ought to be anxiously doing.

For Information or Catalog earl of Great Price: Moses 1:

Write, Wire or Call HILLAM'S PRESENTEDJhe SpokenOVER KSL M/oJ"WordAND THE COLUMBIAFROM TEMPLEBROADCASTINGSQUARE 54 P. O. Place, Salt Lake City, Utah SYSTEM, APRIL 4, 1954

Phone 3-5417 Copyright, 1954

448 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Only Certo and

2ureJdl [lectins

FLAVORGUARD 7

your jams and jellies

you get more natural fruit flavor and sure results every time!

OOOOOOOQOOOOOOOOO Now be absolutely sure of luscious, freshfruit flavor.

SUREJELL CERTO OR Use Certo or SureJell. Only they can "FlavorGuard"

your choice—a Take

your jams and jellies—and here's why: uid or powdered naturalliqWith Certo or SureJell natural fruit pectins you fruit pectin product!

boil your fruit just one minute, saving precious natural fruit flavor.

The only pectins coded for freshness are Certo and

SureJell. You know they are fresh when you buy

them. This guarantees perfect results every time

when you follow the recipes exactly.

Get ready to make the best jams and jellies ever. Get

Certo or SureJell at your food store now!

HOMEMADE JAMS AND JELUEQ Products of General Foods

TASTE BEST...COST

JUNE 1954 449 114 NEW APPROACHES TO BOOK OF MORMON STUDY whichham, thehe ultimatedesignatessourceas theof Genesis.UrAbra-

(Continued from page 448) impressive list of common cultural [According to this source, the entire identical stage of development; this traits that bind ancient Egypt, Babyhuman race was living in the Land

would indicate as plain as day that lonia, and China, one must assume of Eden (not the Garden of Eden) it must have come from the same that China, too, drew from the comwhen they were overwhelmed by source. But in that case, why are mon source. 113 water. 115 The largest surviving pieces

the earliest Egyptian and the earliest How far afield the authorities now of this lost Book of Abraham

Babylonian writings so different from range in their search for Eden may are to be found in the Book of each other? 112 Whatever the answer, be estimated from A. Herrmann's Jubilees, according to Herrmann,

we must now give up the old illusion Erdkarte und Urbihel. Herrmann bewhich, interestingly enough is of all

that the origin of civilization is to be lieves that the oldest parts of Genesis questioned Apocrypha the one most sought in either Egypt or Babylonia. are the geographical passages, and thoroughly vindicated by the finding

The once popular theory that China that these all have one source, a lost of the Scrolls, which show Jubilees saw the earliest beginnings must also "UrGenesis,"which was in fact to be not a medieval but a genuinely be abandoned, though in view of the originally a History of Abraham, ancient document. According to this

source, the entire human race was living in the Land of Eden (not the

Garden of Eden, but the land where it had been) when they were overwhelmed by water. 115 This cannot

have taken place in Mesopotamia or

Egypt, Herrmann observes, since both those lands are described in the sources as being uninhabited in

Noah's day, 116 and Kraeling has noted that according to other sources the people in the ark did not have the vaguest idea where they were after the flood, but being in strange surroundings had to learn of their location by revelation. 117 So Herrmann

seeks the Land of Eden in Abyssinia,

South Arabia, and the headwaters of the Nile—all dubious locales and all

far from the conventional Babylonian sites. It is a quest that would have

struck the dogmatic scholars of past years with amazement: they knew

where the Garden of Eden was.

No subject has been studied more diligently that years of recent than fcv&tojbodj towers. of the ancient L. In 1946 H.

Vincent showed that the ziggurat was is invited to LEADERSHIP WEEK designed from the first as a means by

JUNE 21 TO 25 whichto heaven;the itgigunuwas "acouldscale mountmodel upof

No matter what position you hold in the the world,"and a sort of link between

Church, there is a place for you at this the heavenly and earthly temples and inspiring event. at the same time "a model of the universe"and a ladder to the upper

GREAT SPEAKERSMembers of the EXHIBITSValuable exhibits and world. 118 The biblical explanation

General Authorities and other great movies will be on display almost for the Tower of Babel is thus strictly leaders will speak daily. constantly. correct. 118 G. Thausig in 1948 infor right on INTENSIVE COURSESYours ACCOMMODATIONSStay the cluded the Egyptian pyramid among

Relief Leadership, rooms, taking: Executive the campus in comfortable

and enjoy hearty, inexpensive Society Aids, Genealogy Institute, such structures, as "symbol of the meals. Family Life Institute, Science, Travel, outpouring of light, architectural

TOURS AND RECREATION—Tours Music, Dance, Speech, Writing. manifestation of the idea of emanawill to industries for be conducted is no charge and FREE—There the tion and symbol of the uniting of

spots. scenic Plenty of of classes. opportunity hundreds Take any you

for fun and fellowship. choose. Heaven and Earth. Its very name

—mr, 'binding'(shows that) it is

119 In the folBRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY theto theWayworldto theabove."world below, but also

PROVO, UTAH lowing year Andre Parrot published a large book on ziggurats, in which 450 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA he sums up all the previous theories to the earth."120 The earliest of all which one takes one's bearings on

as to the nature of these mysterious known temples is "the supra -terresthe universe. This being so, it is

towers, e.g., that they were meant to trial place, celestial as it were, where easy to see how men would regard

represent mountains, thrones, dwellthe two aspects of divinity become such a tower as the starting point for ings, the universe, altars, but espefused on the occasion of the perthe populating of the whole world.

cially that they are special structures formance of essential ordinances, Thus in the Book of Jubilees (38:4),

"which the gods use in order to pass destined to assure fecundity upon the when the sons of Jacob went forth from their celestial habitation to their earth."126 Thus a hundred years of to claim their heritage, "they diterrestrial residence, from invisibility speculation have arrived at the point vided themselves into companies on

to visibility. The ziggurat is thus of departure: there was a real tower the four sides of the tower."This is

nothing but the supporting structure that meant what the Bible said it no mere mythological concept: in

for the edifice on its top, and a stairdid. every ancient land the seat of governthe betweenway the upper and lower aspect of the sacred exalted structure ment thought was an A conspicuous

world."120 In a study the on Tower is that it is of always tower at thought to stand the exact geographical

of Babel, Parrot in 1950 elaborated as standing at the exact center of center of the world. 127 The practical

on this last conception as the true the earth; it is an observatory from (Continued on following page)

explanation for the towers: the god

was thought to "land"with his escorting troupe at the "Hochtempel"at the top of the tower, and then to descend the stairs to the "Tieftempel"at the bottom, where everything was in readiness to receive him; the holy

company was thought to return to heaven by the same route. 121 In the

same year, Contenau in his book on the Babylonian Deluge concluded that the Ziggurat of Babylon actually was the Tower of Babel, that such towers while serving as astronomical observatories were originally "temples of passage,"reception places for divinity whenever it visited the earth;

the holy mountain itself, according to this authority, was originally such a place of contact between heaven and earth. 122 There is no doubt at all,

Contenau believes, that these Babylonian towers are the same as the

Egyptian pyramids in their function of "passages for divinity from heaven to earth and back again,"the two having a common, but very ancient and unknown, origin. 123

From a study of the archaic seals of Babylonia, the oldest written documents in the world, Pierre Amiet in 1951 concluded that in the archaic period "the ziggurat was at one and the same time an immense altar on which were placed the gifts designed to attract the god, the platform where the priests raised themselves up to be Dragon's Teeth Sprouting?

nearer to the divinity, as an aid to their prayers, and the support for the stairway which the god, in response No, these are steel bearing piles in the foundation of a dam to those prayers, employed in order spillway. When the dam is finished, you'll never know the steel

to descend to the earth.... "124 The piles are there. But they'll be working just the same, for strength

same scholar in 1953 is more specific and safety, as enduring steel so often works unseenstill: one idea is clear above all others M

in these old towertemples, "the idea I J> <w in buildings, highways, pipelines and power plants* of ascension, of mounting up."125 The w|v Only STEEL can do so many jobs so well.

steps of the tower, like the steps of the altars in the most primitive seals, are stairways, "binding the heavens UNITED STATES STEEL

JUNE 1954 451

New Approaches to Book of Mormon Study

(Continued preceding page) from

is of this after all, obvious; is the tiroBk economy

to get ide nearmost oftheourgeographicalstate capitalscenterare placedof theas states as is practical. When the

scriptures tell us that the people of the world had a great common center to which they repaired and from which, when it broke up, they scattered in all directions, it is not telling a fabulous or impossible tale, but is ivme/ TawmentX FIXUP REMODEL REPAIR rehearsingtern. a wellknown historic patIf you're looking for ideas to make your home bright and By now many readers will be aware

beautiful... wonderful new ways to add extra space and of an interesting study on "Men and

livability, visit. Here nothing you then pay us a pay down

on as take as to Elephants in America"recently aplong home improvements and 36 months repay. Suggestions, too, for the doit-yourself home owner. pearing in the Scientific Monthly; the

writer concludes: "Archaeology has

proved that the American Indian hunted and killed elephants; it has

also strongly indicated that these elephants have been extinct for several thousand years. This means that the

traditions of the Indians recalling these animals have retained their historical validity for great stretches of time... probably the minimum is

three thousand years.... "128 The

author favors three thousand years ago as the terminal date for the existence of the elephant in America, 129 which would place its extinction about a thousand years B.C., when the

Jaredite culture was already very old and Lehi's people were not to appear

An attractive rumpus room or Put your home on "dress paon the scene for some centuries. This

basement bedroom costs only rade"with a new porch. As suits very well with the Book of Mor-

$11.92 month low as $10.19 month mon account, and in that case the

Indian legends must go back to JareFOR PROMPT... FOR dite times, and indeed the author of

FRIENDLY IDEAS the study quoted insists that they

CREDIT UNLIMITED must be at least three thousand years old. But since legends are word -of

mouth tradition, the presence of

See the TriState Yard in Your Community Jaredite legends among the Indians presumes a survival of the Jaredite

least such legends cannot have been HOW MUCH WOULD IT COST strain among them, and at the very transmitted to from Jaredite Lamanite hunters without long and intimate TO REPLACE YOUR HOME?

contact between the two groups.

The average homeowner today carHere, then, is a strong argument for ries only 40% enough fire insurance. Let us check your Jaredite survivors among the Indians,

if one refuses to interpret it as He's thinking backward to what his replacement vaU and property cost, instead of forward to such one must certainly admit exwhat it would cost to REPLACE it. ues for you. tensive intercourse between the two

groups in order to transmit to the

Lamanites knowledge which only the

Jaredites possessed. UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

is to see actual Heber J. Grant & Co., General Agents Salt Lake City My own inclination

Jaredite heredity in the Indian strain.

452 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA In Section 49, Verse 24 of the Doctrine and Covenants it is promised blosshall the Lamanitesthat "... bartowsi To<fej,Heat bugs'"S3"of the rose."as the Yet manysom

great nations of the eastern forests, the most formidable tribes of all, have entirely disappeared; whatever

happens, they will never flourish. Can

it be that those fierce and vanished tribes were predominantly of Jaredite stock and not true Lamanites at all?

(To be continued) BIBLIOGRAPHY 100Jawad Ali, Ta'rikh alArab qabl alIslam (Bagdad, 1951), I, 6.

101 At the beginning of their long wandering, the Sheikh of the Beni Hilal ordered them to keep a record of each important Wonderfully Light, Perfectly Balanced!

its remain might "that memoryevent, is rates that the the first with barrow This peothat the tribe, of the andthe members design. Streamlined "green crowd! thumb"

civilized their it retain read and might ple loads. steel frame. Sealed big Tubular Holds Hilal Beni Taghribah Kitab (ifadah),"status for BEanwu finish. bearing. enamel Hard Accordingly, 14. p. edition), (Damascus

verses recited on notable occasions were written down on the spot (loc. cit.), just as

Nephi wrote down his father's utterances by the River of Laman.

102Hamdani, AlIklil, Book VIII (Baghdad, 1931), pp. 15f. The work was translated in

1940 by Nahib Amin Faris (Princeton University Press, 1940), but I have not seen the translation.

10:iNicholson, op. cit., p. 103.

104The expression is found in an Arabic rendering of a very early Christian Logion (saying attributed to Christ), No. 102 in

the collection in Patrologia Orientalis XIII, 10T have not been able to see the original text of the poem of Hassan b. Thabit, which

Nicholson, op. cit., p. 18, renders: "Followed

he (the hero Dhu '1-Qarnayn) the Sun to Most Ladies Prefer Two Wheel Model!

view its setting. When it sank into the Combines all the features of a wheelbarrow

sombre oceanspring."and garden cart! Handles easily on slop106S. Rosenblatt, "The Relations between ing or rough ground. Even with full load it

Oaths Concerning and Muslim Laws Jewish tmi&m may be pushed or pulled without spilling. Amer. Acad, Jewish Research, of and Vows,"

1936, pp. 231, 238. For an account of the

various things the Arabs swear by, T.

Kowalski, "Zu dem Eid bei den Arabern,"

Archiv Oricntalni VI (1934), 6881.

""Richard Pittioni, "Urzeitliche Kulturveranderungen als his orisches Problem,"

Anzeiger der Oesterreichische Akademie der

Wissenschaft, 1952, No. 11, pp. 162f.

108In Illustrated London News for Dec. 15,

1951, pp. 992ff.

109See the map in Archaeologia for Autumn, 1952, p. 158.

110V. Altman, in the Journal of the American Oriental Society, 67 (1947), pp. 82f.

J. J. Gelb, "A Contribution to the ProtoIndo-European Question,"Jarhbuch fixr

kleinasiatische Forschung, II (1951,) p. 34,

proclaims "the common ancestry of the

Semites, Hamites, and IndoEuropeans,"a Get Double Use From Your Wheelbarrow!

proposition shocked that have would and Inexpensive barbecue attachment converts years ago. of experts twenty amused the

mA. Carnoy, "La Langue Etrusque et ses either model into a perfect portable barbeOrigines,"L'Antiquite Classique XXI (1952), Departleading Hardware, Sold by

Supplies Stores. p. 328. cue—thecart!heatNowon'tneed harmto linethethebarrow.tray with sand and Garden ment

112R. Engelbach, "An Essay on the Advent

of the Dynastic Race in Egypt and its Consequences,"Annales du Service des AnNORTHWEST55 SPOKANEMETALSTREET SEATTLEPRODUCTS,4. WASHINGTON INC

(Continued on following page) JUNE 1954 453 New Approaches to Book of Mormon Study

(Continued from preceding page) tiquites de VEgypte, XLII (1943), pp. 193221, esp. p. 208. M. Frankfort, Birth of

Civilization in the Near East (London:

William & Norgate, 1951), p. 106.

"3A. von Ros horn, "Sind die Tschinesen

ein autochthones Volk?"Berichte des

ForschungsInstituts fur Osten und Orient,

III (1918), 2833; A. Wesselski, "Einstige

Brucken zwischen Orient und Okzident,"

Archiv Orientalni, I (1929), 85; M. A.

Murray, "China and Egypt,"Ancient Egypt and the East, 1933, Parts i and ii, pp. 3942.

U*A. Herrmann, Erdkarte und Urbible

(Braunschweig: G. Westermann, 1931), p.

nsIbid., pp. 30ff.

Ibid., p. 106.

U7E, G. Kraeling, "The Earliest Hebrew

Flood Story,"journal of Biblical Literature,

LVI (1947), 290, 280ff.

They wanted the finest instrument.., Temple,"U8L. H. Vincent,Revue Biblique"De la TourLIII (1946),de Babel403au

440, quotes from p. 438.

11UG. Thausig, in Oesterreich. Akademie SO THEY PICKED Anzeiger, 1948, No. 7, p. 130.

A. Parrot, Ziggurats et Tour de Babel,

(Paris: A. Michel, 1949), p. 208. A WICKS ORGAN: - V'mA. Parrot, "La Tour de Babel et les

Ziggurats,"La Nouvelle Clio IV (1950),

At Trinity Lutheran Church, Billings, Montana, a Wicks Pipe Organ 153161.

complements the grandeur of an imposing new church building. r-2G. Contenau, Le Deluge Babylonien,

etc. (Paris: Payot, 1952), pp. 244, 246.

Trinity's congregation devoted years of planning and selfless nsIbid., pp. 245, 249f, 260.

les Ziggurat, d'apres 124P. Amiet, "La effort to the beautiful new church. Everything in it was calculated

archaique,"dynastique de Vepoque cylindres to establish a mood of spiritual uplift. Contributing full measure Revue d'Assyriologie XLV (1951), p. 87.

to this mood is the magnificent Wicks Organ—designed, 125P. Amiet, "Ziggurats et 'Culte en

d'Akkad,"a VEpoque des Origines toneregulated, and voiced to suit Trinity's exacting needs. Hauteur'

23ff. pp. (1953), XLVII Rev. d'Assyriol.

We at Wicks would be happy to do the same for you. There's a lbid., pp. 30f.

Wicks Organ that's exactly right for your church and your budget. 235fr.12TNibley, Western Polit. Quart., IV (1951),

128L. H. Johnson, III, "Men and Elephants

Scientific Monthly LXXV America,"in @)or- (est p. 220. (JOick$L highland, illino IS \Jt (1952), & WICKS ORGAN COMPANY lbid., pp. 216 and loc. cit.L

MIA June Conference Calendar

An Improvement Era Publication (Concluded from page 374)

BEE HIVE—9:00 a.m. and 1:30 p.m. General Sessions for Stake and Ward Bee

Hall, Kingsbury U of U A Book—A Man Keepers,

85c. Luncheon Birthday 12:00 noon A Message YM ATHLETIC—8:30 a.m. DivisionCampus,Super-

y\i visors,SessionsRoom10:00 21,a.m.50andNo.1:30Main;p.m. GeneralMission

(31 No. State). Box Lunches at Gospel Homenoon 90c. n

Ideals'DANCE—8:10Sessions, Universitya.m. andWard1:50(160p.m.UniversityGeneral

of U. and 1:30 p.m. General a.m. Selections from the Discourses of DRAMA—9:00St.) and U

Sessions, Colonial Hills Ward (1455 So.

12:00 noon Haywagon Theatre, 17th East,

at noon. 85c David O. McKay Lunch

at all bookdealers MUSIC—8:00a.m. and 1:30a.m.p.m.StakeGeneralSupervisors,Sessions 9:30for

Stake and Ward Leaders, South East Stake 454 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA House (2005 So. 9th E.). Noon Box

Lunch 85c.

SPEECH—8:30 a.m. Stake, 10:30 a.m. and

1:15 p.m. General Sessions, Garden Park

Ward (1150 Yale Ave.) Lunch at noon

in the garden 85c.

YW SPORTS—8:00 a.m. Stake Camp and

Sports Directors, 9:15 a.m. and 1:00 p.m.

General Sessions, LibertyWells Recreation Center (7th So. and 4th E.) Lunch

75c. 7:00formance)—Tabernacle.p.m. MUSIC FESTIVAL (first per-

9:00formance)—Tabernp.m. MUSIC FESTIVALacl e. (repeat perSUNDAY, JUNE 13

8:00 a.m. TABERNACLE CHOIR BROADCAST—Tabernacle.

9:00 a.m. GENERAL SESSION—Under direction of the General Authorities—Tabernacle.

2:00 p.m. GENERAL SESSION—Tabernacle, "Tributes in Speech to the Temples 8

of our Lord."Now let this work help shape the life and set the direction of your |LS |,.BP"Beautiful

family. Here you will find a universal appeal that will warm growVolumes

ing children to an abiding affection for the Bible and its message.

The new 22nd Edition in 8 beautiful volumes, contains over 950 illustrations many in full color, plus Bible maps, helpful Notes and a complete Pronouncing Dictionary of

Biblical Proper Names—4100 fascinating pages. Presents the beloved and matchless

King James Version with new, enlarged Glossary of obsolete words and phrases.

Handcarts Westward Says Christian Leader: Earnings and Service Opportunity

find to be thoroughly of Life Book "The as service excellent real income with Christian Combine line In the with teachings great full part, either or Life a Representative of of Book The of of the of beauty God. Word AfundamentalImasterpiece (Continued page 385) from chaleducation. fully time. experience The Give and your its simplicity in presentaprofound yet and

the talented to and the appeals opportunity of this lenge It Bible truths. should of in the be night.same each was There Plus". Christian coop- tionlibrary of folder "Opportunity every home."for successful. today Write

eration and a spirit of kindly helpAlso Publishers of fulness. They liked the catchy tune STORIES OF HYMNS WE LOVE

AVE. 1018 S. WABASH theirof theme song were often and

5, ILtt CHICAGO JOHN RUDIN & COMPANY ING. Dept. L42singing of it, especially snatches the

chorus which started,

"For some must push and some must pull, As we go marching up the hill—

y ear The children took their turns at pushing and pulling, but usually spent their time playing along the way. Going up over a hill they would

sing:

"One step up and two steps back

One step up and two steps back!

Last one down is a nigger baby!"

The women, as they were walking, gathered buffalo chips for fuel. While

trail,on an especially rough Jane Salt Lake'sSaunders observed, "It's the rainbow of promise, the thoughts of drawing most popular dining spot near the Zion of our dreams, Mrs.

Garson, that keeps us going."

Coming up behind them, Pamela and Emma Lou were talking to some of the children. "What are you

counting?"Pamela asked.

"Graves!"Alex Deems, a lankybuilt lad with whitish hair answered

cheerfully.

(Continued on following page) JUNE 1954 455 Have your Handcarts Westward (Continued from preceding page) "For goodness sakes, can't you find something better to do?"she looked MlPflOVUfflT ERAS sternly from one to the other of them.

handsomely bound Alexat NickygrinnedBrantonsheepishlywho seemedas he lookedto be the leader.

for just $Q00 "What's wrong with counting 1/ FOB SALT graves? Don't we sing, 'If we die beLAKE CITY fore our journey's through, happy

FOR BINDING YOUR ENTIRE day, all is well?"the boy spoke with ISSUE YEAR'S

Retain for permanent use the excellent inconviction.

structions and outstanding articles of lasting "Pa says it's all right to die,"interest that appear monthly in your ImproveJeanie Garson added gently.

editions have of thement Era. You may Era "He never lost a Tressie."Lemuelhandsomely in bound clothcovered now book

form with gold stamping. Cost is just $3 (preWeeks was leading his little ailing,

paid), plus postage, for an entire year's issues. motherless girl by the hand. The

ADD POSTAGE FOR MAIL ORDERS group of young people looked in pityDistance from

Salt Lake City, Utah Rate at him, remembering the mound of

Up to 150 miles 29 earth he had left several hundred 150 to 300 miles 35 miles back. Emma Lou was developto 300 600 miles 43

600 to 1000 miles 55 ing a very kindly feeling toward 1000 to 1400 miles 70 Lemuel. He, like herself, was lonely.

1400 to 1800 miles 83 milesOver 1800 97 "Come here, Lucy dear, and let

Emma Lou take you down to the Send to or bring your Era Magazines to the creek and wash your hot little face."

That night.she cooked supper for the

man and his child. "I'll take care of Deseret News Press Lucy from now on,"she announced.

Binders The West's Finest "It's right kind you are, Emma31 RICHARDS STREET PHONE 4-2581 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Lou,"Lemuel said, gratefully.

"It's all right, Lemuel. Lucy

needs a woman's care."

exhis wife Phineas Saunders and significant glances IF THE WALLS OF YOUR HOME ARE changed when

BRICK, CEMENT BLOCK, ASBESTOS Lemuel's name was mentioned.

"He's a good man, Daughter,"her observed. SHINGLE, OR ASPHALT SIDING—mother

"It takes more than goodness, Here's just exactly the paint you need! Mother,"Emma Lou answered.

"It goes a long ways, my girl,"her father added. BENNETT'S Fuel was becoming more scarce, so

the children spent more time looking and less time playing.

Living so closely together, theVINYL STUCCO weaknesses and virtues of the people came to light. Captains Willie

and Atwood were discussing the subPAINT ject, "I'll tell you, Millen, a trip like PAINT EXPRESSLY EMULSION FOR A NEW TYPE USE ON this reaches down into the depths of - BRICK, BLOCK, CEMENT ASBESTOS SHINGLE MASONRY

OR ASPHALT SIDING. men's souls. It either makes or breaks

A "BREATHING"-TYPE PAINT - permits transmission of moistheir spirits."

ture through the film, yet ifs perfectly weatherproof. "You are so right, James. Before

this is over, the members of the comMOIS- HIGH ALKALI AND

IN RESISTANT. TURE HUNpany will show their real colors."

sky, at the they noticed Glancing DREDS OF BE N N E T T 'S G&l&UfyVl PAINTS in gray that the clouds forming were COLORS. COLORIZER

BRUSHES, ROLLS OR SPRAYS banners. There was a rolling and

LIKE OIL PAINT. crashing, then a terrific peal of thunAN ISxMAAjettL der.

—65 and Bennett's Branches and Dealers West First South 21st South and Second West—

in the Intermountain Area and Southern California "Form a circle,"came the order.

(Continued on page 458) 456 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA for that r new carA power new UTOCO gasoline

AMERICA'S FINEST GLASSES NOTHING DOWN $] A WEEK

There's always another train -but never another pair of eyes/

Don't miss that regular visit to the skilled optometrist at Standard Optical for a complete, scientific eye examination. If glasses are necessary, get

two pair at the same time and Standard Optical will present you with a handsome eyeglasses wardrobe case ABSOLUTELY FREE.

Staiitiai*cL MODERN OFFICES THROUGHOUT THE WEST

JUNE 1954.

Handcarts Westward

The Mountain West's FIRST NEWSPAPER (Continued from page 456)

As each vehicle drew up to the desigFIRST in NEWS nated point, a man with outstretched arms shouted, "Whoa!"This went

on until the shafts. of each cart or

FIRST in FEATURES wagon rested on the end of the one in front. The men began hurriedly

to drive stakes on one side of the circle, facing the storm, fastening the outfits down with ropes and chains.

With a sudden chilliness in the air, there came a battering of hail, like pebbles dropped by an unseen hand.

They sounded like bullets on the canvas tops. The cows ran for the nearest shelter, a grove of cottonwood

trees. The children and women came

running with the first peal of thunder.

Mrs. Saunders, carrying Joseph, threw

her skirt over both their heads for protection. Once under cover, the

children were peeking out fearfully until they heard Pamela laugh.

"Look at them skipping about so happily."Then all smiled to see the

hail bouncing off the tongues and wheels and canvas tops.

"I don't think I will ever get warm again,"declared Emma Lou as she and Pamela began the ascent of the next hill.

Opening up her shawl, Pamela said, "Come share this with me. It is

large enough to keep us both warm."

So laughingly they climbed together and the hill did not seem so steep.

A mile or so farther on a suitable noon camping place was found and welcome fires built. What a part the

What you see and do.'Including building of fires had in the life of

Go east thru Chicago to New York! See HOTEL ACCOMMODATIONS these sojourners! Even the children

Rockefeller Center Radio and Television... Statue ofstudios.,Liberty. go. SPECIALROUND TRIPSIGHTSEEINGTRANSPORTATION grew to know the steps in the process. NBC

thru the Bowery... see Chinatown... exThere was the laying of the smaller

plore Greenwich Village... and Broadway! 15 Days sticks on the ground, the springing

... Capitol, See the Washington plus $149.13 Mt. ONLY first flames, but the tax into unheated attractions! Vernon and more many CITY SALT LAKE FROM the for all the details coupon Send below bright, for a but uncertain moment,

this about Tour. Mail York New brilliant into higher shades it today! leaping wmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm the sinking yellow. of came Then TRAVEL GREYHOUND BUREAU M South 107 West Temple red embers. into While warm, GREYHOUND'..... away

City Salt 10, Lake Utah M Willie heat, the Captain enjoying

NAME. talked of the country into which they

ADDRESS. were entering.

CITY. -STATE - "How far are we from Ft. Laramie,

Captain?"Lemuel Weeks inquired. mmmm

"Around a couple of hundred miles,

I'd say,"came the answer.

Send Your Friends Next morning, at the top of a high hill, the valley of the Platte came into

A Vital Aid to Study THE view.

"THE BOOK OF MORMON IMPROVEMENT "It's not picturesque or beautiful,"GUIDE BOOK"by Verla Birrell ERA Emma Lou spoke disappointedly, her

Geography, Archaeology, Prophecy—arms akimbo.

Three Books in One- $5 00 $2.50 in U.S.A. "Just vast and wild,"murmured

Deseret Book Co.—Z.C.M.I. Pamela.

458 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Drawing near the river they found it to be a turbid sheet of water, scarcely two feet deep. The banks were For over 30 years saving 15%

devoid of brush or trees, Loose sand made their teeth grate when they drank the water. on Fire Insurance

"A little corn meal in the cup will settle it."Grandma Tolliver always

had a remedy for every ill.

"Lookee across the river,"Jerry

Saunders said. Like his mother he

never missed much that was happening.

"Buffalo, buffalo,"the cry went up and gathered in volume as more saw two big fellows. The company

were hungry for and in need of this kind of food. There was excitement CUTas the younger men grabbed their NOW

guns for the hunt.

(To be continued) ON BETTER AUTOIn the Steps of Abraham (Continued from page 387) INSURANCE mayor of Bethlehem, and of the governor of the Jerusalem area. The Careful driving saves lives. If you are a safe

elaborate processions, the religious driver you can cut costs on your auto insurservices and other activities make for a neverto-beforgotten experience. ance. SAFECO -member Of the General of

On one of my several trips to BethAmerica group of insurance companies—

lehem I continued on to Hebron. offers you the best protection available, naThe route is studded with fascinating tionwide 24 -hour claims service and the archaclogical sites. We passed

Rachel's Tomb, the Pools of Solomon, experienced personal counsel of your local "Ain Ed Dirveh,"the traditional agent or broker... and YOU SAVE MONEY.

place of the baptism of the Eunuch by

Phillip. At one place there stands

See or call your local agent or broker today or write us, at 49 East 1stthe remains of an ancient Canaanite town, Halhul/'2 South, Salt Lake City, for the name of the SAFECO agent or broker near*

By some strange dichotomy of est you. Telephone if you wishSalt Lake City 4-7717.

reality, the Moslems have the "real"tomb of Nebi Yunis (Jonah) here in the mosque of the modern village of

Halhul. (Continued on page 461) Save with SAFECO Auto Insurance

THE NUMBER 1 BEST SELLER FOR 80 WEEKS

POWER OF POSITIVE THINKING By Norman Vincent Peale Here is a book that will help you believe in yourself—expect the best and get

it and shows how to generate a peaceful mind. Only $2.95

:*-.:. '*i-:HM:

East 2nd 65 South Zion's are still There changers in Jerumoney 1, City Lake Utah Add 2% sales tax in Utah. BookstoreSaltsalem. picture This the taken near was

entrance to the temple area.

JUNE 1954 459 scores againL4fwith a NEW WINDOW SCREEN designed from your specifications

I I ITTTTiTTTWT i. ii i.i II r*+*mp M il l.) FingerTip Control

No hardware on the Sill Simplest Possible Installation

Positive Locked Tension Streamlined Good Looks

/* 2000.000*"* MOW"O1/0$f$e/

MUMMttM...

There are RYLOCKs for all types of windows... doublehung, wood casement and metal

casement. Then—there's the amazing Shade

Screen for sunnyside windows.

"NO HARDWARE ON THE SILL"... There is no

iiijrli! hardware on the window sill, to catch dust and dirt

and mar of the the appearance window. In the very widest

i i J screens there is one screw the sill. Sills are on easier to clean.

i i i!i1 1 1!i i! i i

ii "CAM ACTION"'... The little lever with fingertip action

works on the cam principle, with instant release and instant closure with tension applied and the screen locked in the single motion. Nothing to snap at you! Flip up, screen's ii loose—push down, screen's tight. That's all!

MORRISONMERRILL 6c CO.

Building Material Distributors See Your Lumber Dealer

460 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA In the Steps of Abraham UTAH'S FIRST CHARTERED SAVINGS BANK

(Continued from page 459) Two miles from Hebron are the BANK BY remarkable ruins of Haram Ramet

El Khalil (the Sanctuary of the HillIwiAIL of thetop ages Friend). For "This STOP IN, PHONE OR

site the dwellas has venerated been ing place of the patriarch, Abraham, WRITE FOR OUR when his abode was under the Oak SPECIAL MAIL of Mamre. 53 I saw some walls and FORMS

foundations from the time of Hadrian and Constantine and others "unmisConvenient takably Herodian."54 Timesaving

There are also the remnants of a church, "probably those of the basilica of Constantine, of the fourth cenALWAYS tury."Here Abraham received the Fast

three angelic visitors announcing to Friendly him that he would have a son. Helpful

I had to receive special permission Service from the Supreme Moslem Council in

Jerusalem for the privilege of entering the Haram Al Khaleel. This

area dates from the time of Herod.Abraham bought the field of Ephron zion's savingsthe Hittite with its cave of Machpelah bank

for a family burying place after Sarahdied in this vicinity. (Gen. 23.) Isaac, & TrustDAVID O. McKAY,CompanyPRESIDENT

Rebecca, Jacob, and Leah, as well South Temple & Main. Salt Lake City Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.

as Abraham, were also interred here.

Inside the holy area I saw the cenotaphs of those buried beneath in the cave. Each of the cenotaphs was

quite large and was covered with beautiful gold embroidered silk brocade, green for the patriarchs and FARMERSLIVESTOCKMEN crimson for their wives. Supposedly

is Ours to Work Together For these markers stand over the burial The Challenge places in the cave beneath. Ingress

into the cave has been rigidly barred 100% parity in the MARKET PLACE.

for many centuries. However, some

intrepid individuals claim to have A minimum of government control.

entered. A good school program with everyone participating

At the magic hour of dusk I venin the cost.

tured to see Abraham's Oak. Tradition has designated this tree as the Legislative apportionment, with proper representation

"Oak of Mamre."Here is to be for minority groups.

seen a truly ancient patriarch of living things. This tradition goes back Auto, Life and Farm Liability Insurance at cost designed

to the sixteenth century but is highly for farm needs.

improbable. The other "Mamre"at

Haram Ramel el Khalil is much more Your participation is invited through convincing. Farm Bureau membership.

Regardless of the "exact"site of

Abraham's sojourn near Hebron, this UTAH STATE FARM BUREAU FEDERATION still was the home of the Patriarch for some time, and his eventual buryUTAH FARM BUREAU INSURANCE COMPANY ing place. From here my road lay

farther to the southwest, to the COOPERATIVE LIFE OF AMERICA jumpingoff place of Beersheba, and 65 East Fourth South, Salt Lake City, Utah still farther to that Land of Mystery,

(Continued on following page) JUNE 1954 461 IN THE STEPS OF ABRAHAM (Continued from preceding page) mLoc. cit.

Egypt, where Abraham wrote a great51 J. Mitchell Rosenber.g, The Story of

f>il"er treatise on astronomy than Galileo, Zionism (New York: Block Publishing Co.,

Copernicus, or the savants of Palomar. 1946).

the work out of NOTES 52Joshua""Genesis 15:58.18:1.

""Samuel S. Cohan, What We Jews Believe 51W. F. Albright, The Archaeology of

(Cincinnati: Union of Hebrew CongregaPalestine (Penguin Books: Harmondworthtions, 1931), p. 77. Middlesex, 1949), p. 156.

Jke f\oot and the Jree

Richard L. Evans

ThRequently we see people come to places of prominence or achieve preeminence in some particular profession. But

what we frequently fail to see is the groundwork, the long growth, the prolonged preparation that goes into the making of a man—the discipline, the study, the work, and the waiting

to achieve solid success. Of course there are some who have

a sudden flare of seeming success, of publicity and prominence.

There are some who seem to mushroom with little groundwork to explain their growth. But men don't suddenly acquire an earned eminence without a long period of preparation.,Wc may see a majestic tree and much admire it, but

what we seldom see is the root system. Below the ground

is as much or more of sustaining strength and substance than there is above the surface. There is always a price to be paid

for putting roots down deeply. And though it may seem

otherwise, men simply don't suddenly become successful. At

least they don't suddenly acquire the qualities of success. Of

course there are political accidents and unearned increments;

there are engaging personalities; there are people who catch

popular approval; there are some who seem to have an undeserved success. But before we could be sure even of these,

we should want to see something of what went into the maken|oy easy, ing of such men. (And even beyond what we see of the

beautiful ironing present picture, we should need to know something of the save money, too! eternal root system, something of the premortal past, before

sureness could say with what we was or was not an undeserved Ready just add to use—success. qualities doubtless are There be and that come may water. farther Goes

because it's extra rich! with us as we enter the mortal scene which now we see.

Clean, springfresh When a young prodigy plays the piano, when a small child fragrance. Ironing's shows great gifts, there is evidence that he brought with

much easier, and so him here, endowments which some of us don't have. But

easy on you. Makes this is departing upon a parenthetical thought.) As to the

washables look and feel like new. Get present picture: The long period of preparation, the long

QUICK ELASTIC hours of patient practice, the consistent unseen effort, are

LIQUID STARCH today! vastly important in the making of a man. When we see and

admire the lofty tree, we may know that there are unseen for hot or cold starching roots that make it great and keep it growing. And a man,

at lowest cost also, for all he is, is much more than can be seen on the surGet QUICK more than can be explained within the much ELASTIC face—(and Dry—the MODERN life). limits of this

Powdered Starch.

NO cooking! 12 oz.

package makes 20 Jhe Spoken lA/ora from temple square quarts at about PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING %0 each. SYSTEM, APRIL 11, 1954

Copyright, 1954

462 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE EGYPTIANS KNEW THE ART OF PRESERVATION. BUT YOU DO IT FAR BETTER WITH LOCKERAP

is extra strong

It is a laboratoryproven fact that the natural buff paper of Lockerap keeps frozen meat longer than bleached paper will. Withstands "poke*

through"better, too, for now this natural unbleached buff is 15% stronger than before!

For your customers who prefer the "sanitary white"look, Lockerap also comes in a bleached K-aft paper. Like the natural buff,

white Lockerap is extra pliable, molds '&?,

to meat "like a rubber glove."

?J*V/'?%i5!f:;T"->-..'- Bartering for fod '"Ancient Egypt—from a tomb painting at Sakkara.T

WcttenH, Waxed orient tUl i LOCKERAPbuff or white, for premium protection at low cost

DIVISION WAXED PAPtR LOCZINWESTERN CORPORATION CROWN ZELLERBACH the new polyethylene wrap with crack -proof film

North Portland, Oregon, P.O. Box 518

LOCKERFOILSan Leandro, Calif., 2101 Williams St.

3 -ply protection: aluminum + paper + plastic wax Los Angeles, Calif., 5900 Sheila Street

Melchizedek Priesthood

Melchizedek Priesthood Monthly Quorum Business Meetings

Quorum Business Meetings to be Church that when quorum members rum business meetings and then never

Held Monthly reside in two or more wards, priestfail to hold those meetings at the hood weekly group meetings should appointed time. Irregularity in holdEvery Melchizedek Priesthood quobe held every Sunday; and in, in ading quorum business meetings and rum (high priests, seventies, and dition to those group meetings, a indefiniteness as to the hour and

elders) throughout the entire special monthly quorum business place of the meeting tend to diminish

Church is strongly urged by the Genmeeting should be held at a definite considerably the attendance at those eral Authorities to hold quorum busiselected time convenient to the quomeetings.

ness meetings once each month in rum members involved. Quorum If the quorum presidencies expect

addition to their weekly group or presidents, with the consent and apto have successful monthly quorum quorum meetings. The statement, proval of the stake presidency, are to business meetings, well attended by

"The quorum [business] meeting is arrange that time. Quorum presiquorum members, there must be a

indispensable to the success of the dencies are hereby cautioned to be definite time to start those meetings quorum,"represents the firm convicsure not to set their quorum meetstrictly adhered to—and a definite

tion of the General Authorities. ings at a time which would intertime of closing those meetings. Busy

fere with the regular priesthood meetmen should not have their time

Exception to the General Rule ings of wards having Melchizedek wasted. Promptness and regularity

Priesthood groups connected with the are of vital importance to them.

The only exception to this requirequorum involved. Nor should those

ment is in certain areas where the meetings conflict with Sunday Schools Purpose of Monthly Quorum

General Authorities grant special peror other Church meetings; for exBusiness Meetings

mission to quorums to hold meetings ample, high priest quorum business quarterly, because extensive geomeetings should be scheduled at such These monthly meetings are busigraphical distances prohibit the mem- a time as to permit members of ness meetings and should be at least bers of those quorums from holding bishoprics, high councilors, and stake one hour in length. Lesson material

their meetings more often. In such presidencies to be in attendance. should not be presented at these meetcases the quorum business meetings Many Melchizedek Priesthood quoings; nor should special speakers be

should be held in connection with rums throughout the Church have invited in to take all or part of the stake quarterly conferences. found through experience that a Suntime. The time should be devoted

day afternoon around two o'clock—to such things as: financial reports

Time of Holding Monthly probably the second Sunday of each and consideration of proposed expendQuorum Business Meetings month—furnishes a convenient time itures; reports of standing commitfor all members to meet in their tees and other committees; consideraPertinent instructions, as well as a monthly quorum meetings; or it may tion of missionary, welfare, and other

suggested order of business for Melbe that the members of certain Melquorum projects; sustaining of officers;

chizedek Priesthood quorum business chizedek Priesthood quorums may acceptance of new members; and a

meetings, may be found on pages find it more convenient to hold their discussion of instructions and prob35-36 of the Melchizedek Priesthood monthly quorum business meetings lems that vitally concern quorum

Handbook. As part of those definite on one of the evenings during the members.

instructions, the following is quoted: week. It is permissible to hold the

meetings at such a time. The proAttendance at Monthly Quorum

... When a quorum of the priesthood cedure of either holding the monthly Business Meetings

to single the bordersis confined of a quorum business meetings on a Sun-... the second inward, meeting each

month is to be designated as the monthly day afternoon or on an evening durThe Melchizedek Priesthood reports [quorum] business meeting.... Where the ing the week is recommended to the for 1953 indicate that attendance at

members of a quorum of the priesthood live priesthood quorums by the General the monthly quorum business meet- a ward, one monthlyin more than quorum Authorities. ings throughout the entire Churchmeeting held be should the suggested and

time is during the second week of each was only approximately fifty percent month. Definite Time of Holding Meetings as high as was the attendance at the

and Regularity Necessary weekly priesthood group or quorum

It should be thoroughly undermeetings. This should not be the

stood by all stake presidencies, by all Points of vital importance are for case. Members of the Church genMelchizedek Priesthood quorum presithe members of every Melchizedek eral priesthood committee and the

dencies, and by all Melchizedek Priesthood quorum to select a definite other General Authorities are inclined

Priesthood holders throughout the time for holding their monthly quoto believe that in the quorums where 464 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA such conditions exist the quorum presidencies have not devoted suffiCORRECTIONS, ADDITIONS, AND RECENT CHANGES cient intelligent planning, hard work, IN MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD PROCEDURE and leadership to this vital problem.

It is their challenge to build the atCorrection tendance of the monthly quorum business meeting at least up to the atSetting apart presidencies of elders'quorums. Item "Third"

tendance of the weekly quorum or under topic "NOT AUTHORIZED TO DO,"The Improvement group meetings and higher when posEra, February, 1954.

sible. No quorum presidency should On page 67 of the Melchizedek Priesthood Handbook the inrest contentedly, feeling perfectly struction is given that "Presidents of elders'quorums are to be chosen

satisfied with their accomplishments, by the stake presidency.... Following the sustaining vote of the

until the monthly quorum business quorum members,... they will be set apart by the stake presimeetings equal or surpass in attenddency...."

ance the weekly group or quorum In harmony with that instruction, the suggestion was made on meetings. the "Melchizedek Priesthood Page"of the Era, February, 1954, that

"High councilors should not be authorized by stake presidencies to

Increasing Attendance and set apart presidencies of elders'quorums."

Maintaining High Attendances Since the issuing of that instruction, it has been pointed out that on page 21 of the Melchizedek Priesthood Handbook, a conflicting

Quorum presidencies may ask, statement appears, which states that the "stake presidency should set "What can we do to help remedy a the elders'quorum presidents apart... or assign a high councilor to

condition wherein we have low atdo this."

tendance at our monthly quorum Since there is a conflict in instruction on procedure regarding business meetings?"Of course, there setting elders'quorum presidents apart, the general priesthood comis no definite formula which fits all mittee has given this matter further consideration, and has concluded

cases, since conditions differ in the that the stake presidencies could cither set elders'quorum presidencies various quorums throughout the apart or authorize the high councilors assigned to work with the

Church. The responsibility rests elders'quorums to perform this ordinance.

definitely upon the shoulders of the Therefore, the priesthood brethren of the stakes are hereby members of the quorum presidencies instructed to delete the "third"item under the topic "Not Authorized to analyze their own individual probto Do,"The Improvement Era, February, 1954, and also the same lems and local conditions and then item in the reprint from that article, and regard the following as the to work intelligently until the desired official instruction:

goal is achieved. However, a few "Elders'presidents are chosen by the stake presidency, approved

helpful suggestions are hereby given: by the high council, sustained by the quorum members, and set

First: Each month a few days prior apart by the stake presidency or their high council representative."

to the holding of the monthly quorum business meeting, quorum presiAddition dencies could extend a special invitation to every quorum member for Ordaining elders. Item "Fourth,"under topic "NOT AUTHORthem to attend that meeting. It may IZED TO DO,"The Improvement Era, February, 1954.

be convenient for them to issue that In addition to stake presidencies or high councilors ordaining invitation by telephone, because the elders, the high councilors may authorize other qualified and worthy personal contact method has proved persons to perform these ordinations.

to be very effective.

Second: To supplement the foreRecent Change in Procedure in Melchizedek Priesthood Work

going invitation, a card could be sent to every quorum member each month Quarterly Reports Changed to Monthly Reports by the quorum secretary, listing some of the items of business that are to Stake Melchizedek Priesthood Committee. Item "Seven,"under

be considered and inviting the quotopic "FUNCTIONS"The Improvement Era, March, 1954.

rum members to be in attendance at In error the following was stated in the Era as one of the assignthe monthly quorum business meetments of the stake Melchizedek Priesthood committee: "To make a

ing. quarterly summary of quorum reports on forms provided, so that

Third: At one of its weekly council such may be sent to the general priesthood committee by the stake

meetings, the quorum presidency president."The foregoing was the procedure until January 1, 1954;

should give careful consideration to however, at that time a change was made but by oversight was not all the business matters that are to reported in The Improvement Era article.

is now as follows: One of the functions of thebe presented to the quorum members. The procedure

Before they appear before their quostake Melchizedek Priesthood committee is to make a monthly report rum members to conduct said busiof Melchizedek Priesthood activities on forms provided. This report

ness, the presidencies should come to is to be approved, signed, and sent to the general priesthood com- a unity of agreement and understandmittee by the stake president on or before the fifteenth of the following on those problems. ing month.

(Concluded on page 479) JUNE 1954 465 ThePresiding

Check Award Records Now to Avoid Disappointments Later Aaronic Priesthood under 21 \j\Jz are nearing the middle of the year to provide the necessary opportunities Priesthood Social Program when we should carefully examine to qualify under the requirements.

our records since January 1. Not Sponsored by YMMIA

We are particularly concerned over Objectives for 1954 bishops and their counselors who, of 1. No leadership failures on either Aaronic Priesthood social and franecessity, take the brunt for failure on the stake or ward level. ternal programs are not to be

the part of their Aaronic Priesthood 2. Every leader happy because he did sponsored by the YMMIA. This is

under 21 to earn the individual award. his full duty by every lad charged to the responsibility of stake and ward

There were some rather sad experihis care. Aaronic Priesthood leaders.

ences during 1953 where bishoprics 3. No bitter disappointments to our YMMIA leaders of Scouts, Exfailed to follow through on the reAaronic Priesthood bearers. plorers, Junior M Men, and M Men

minders of members of the stake comgroups should, as a matter of courtesy, mittee and of their own ward secretaries be invited to Aaronic Priesthood socials and advisers. Many boys failed to Aaronic Priesthood Award Records for these respective age groups, but the

qualify because the reminders were not At AllTime High planning, direction, and full responsirests bility therefor squarely uponacted upon. Total To leaders. Aaronic Priesthood Since

1, for there are no exceptions made, May it was an unpleasant experience to 1954 1953 Correlation of the Aaronic Priesthood social programs for ourwitness the grief experienced by several Stake Awards.... 7 4 and YMMIA

bishops and counselors who suddenly Ward Awards.... 304 266 young men should be effected by the

became aware of the great disappointIndividual Award s.. 15,324 15,183 bishop and his counselors during Part

ment to some of their Aaronic Priest100% Seals 1,456 1,163 One of the ward Aaronic Priesthood hood bearers who failed to qualify for leadership meeting each month.

the award.

For instance, the matter of having PARK WARDS, SOUTH LOS ANGELES SOUTH GATE AND WALNUT priestevery participate in as a speaker (CALIFORNIA) STAKE, QUALIFY ENROLMENTS TOTAL two or more cottage meetings must be initiated by the bishop personally as the president of the priest's quorum.

Ward teaching by priests and teachers under 21 comes in for its share of failures because, here again, the lead must be taken by the bishopric.

Some Aaronic Priesthood leaders, even at this late date, are still trying to overcome the damaging effects of disappointment to some Aaronic Priesthood bearers who failed to qualify during 1953 through no fault of their own.

They waited in vain for their leaders South Gate Ward did it again—every boy qualified for the Individual Aaronic Priesthood Award tor the second year.

Interest in Awards

Reflects Leadership Attitudes

/Jnce in a while, but too frequently, we discover an alleged lack of interest in the individual award program, particularly among the older teachers and priests.

In such instances, leaders insist that the young men are not too much interested in these awards.

The leader who uses this as the reason why so few of his boys qualify should seriously inquire of himself:

"Why are my boys not interested when so many others are enthusiastic about

Aaronic Priesthood awards?"Then

make another searching personal inquiry: "Is it because they are not inWalnut Park Ward came across the finish line with every bearer of the Aaronic

terested or because I am not interested?"Priesthood under 21 qualified for the first year.

466 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. Palmer

Bishoprics Page

Challenging Records from Nibley Ward, Hyrum (Utah) Stake More Effort Necessary

During Summer Months

Cummer is upon us; it is vacation time.

Vacation from what? Church? Unthinkable!

In fact, our Aaronic Priesthood bearers have even greater need for

Church activity during the summer months than at any other time of the year. Generally, they have more time

on their hands. More time and less

leadership care are hazardous combinations.

DEAN A. MAUCHLEY TODD R. HANSEN JAN BLAU Has any one of us ever heard of

Lucifer taking a vacation during the teacher, has received has has a teacher, an Jan, a Todd, Dean down? he let Does months? summer

Priest- a perfect individual individual maintained three earned Aaronic advantage takes full be sure he may atWe at priestrecord of that for tendance and, each during awards award hood his seven years in the time, has attended every hood and sacrament meetof leisure time and gets in some oF his program. Four of the priesthood and sacrament ings for two of the three most devilish work while some of us

years in which he seven bear the meeting held in his ward. awards received relax our vigil as Aaronic Priesthood

award. individual atthe percent hundred one

tendance seal. leaders.

OREM (UTAH) STAKE HEARS BISHOP CARL W. BUEHNER

Orem (Utah) Stake qualified fourteen young men for the one record of attendance at priestattendance percent hundred seal—perfectfor 1953. meeting sacrament hood and

Bishop Carl W. Buehner, second counselor to Presiding Bishop

Joseph L. Wirthlin, paid special tribute to these young men as he addressed a stakewide social for all Aaronic Priesthood bearers earning

the individual award.

(CALIFORNIA) STAKE GLENDALE I L E R D G FOR PERFECT FIFTYTWO Y WARD, QUALIFIES 1 r i (California) d G e y ATTENDANCE qualified Stake, nine Priestof Aaronic the bearers Fiftytwo of bearers Aaronic (California) Glendale the in 21 under hood for hunPriesthood one percent hundred a one maintained Stake attendance percent dred sacrament priesthood at and attendance seals for 1953. were Two 1953. during meeting the present not when qualified for Stake the also Stake Glendale taken. photo was

for with 1953 Priesthood Award Aaronic fiftyseven percent of the average enrolment earning the individual award.

mma JUNE 1954 467 IRIS PARKER!

Editor

Tomato ]ulce Verona Bowen Verona Bowen s 1 2 I/2 -size can tomato juice

Juice from one 2 1/2 -size can of beans

Casual Juicegus from one 2 1/2 -size can of asparaMix well, let stand to blend in reCalifornia Supper frigerator until well chilled.

Garlic Bread

4mk by Angela Bowen Y2 cup butter or margarine (SEVENTEENYEAR-OLDDAUGHTER)!/4 teaspoon garlic powder

1 loaf French bread Angela Bowen->- Paprika

Cream butter and garlic powder.

Slash bread diagonally to within onehalf inch of crust. Spread butter mix-

"M /|Y mother, Verona Bowen, is an small white house with green shutters ture between slices and over top.

wl unusual woman—a1 least my tucked completely away from a quiet Sprinkle loaf with paprika. Place on

**- father and I think so. She is street by beautiful oak trees. Our baking pan and heat in moderate oven

(350 F.) 10 to 15 minutes.aglow with the human warmth that garden is full of nature—animals,

draws people to her. birds, and flowers. And we couldn't

In the very youngfry stage, Mother live without our patio, shaded parBlue Cheese Salad Dressing (for Greens) went to Europe with her family when tially by a huge oak. Simplicity is a 1 package cream cheese

my Grandfather Toronto was apkeynote in our family life and in all 1 wedge Blue cheese 1 teaspoon onion juicepointed president of the Swiss Misour activities. We live away from

sion. She divorced the English TV, noise, and excitement, but close Y4 cup lemon juice

'to tastelanguage and spoke, thought, and to nature and our friends. Seasoning

behaved like any other Swiss youngMother teaches Sunday School (she Buttermilk ster for a few years. Later, after calls her class "The Genius Cage") Mix ingredients and add enough butschool in Utah and New York (she and also enjoys preparing the literary termilk to mix to right consistency.

received a degree in child psychology lessons for the Relief Society. Daddy

from Columbia University) and a few claims to have been a member of Tuna Casserole years teaching, she returned to Europe every finance committee organized in 1 cup chopped onions on a holiday, as the guest of a cousin Menlo Park Ward, but he doesn't 1 cup chopped celery married to a famous surgeon, then seem to object too strenuously. 1 cup tuna

1 cup mushroom soup in Italy. inliving stayed She is a very on Mother good cook—at cup water least that school so. winter then and must have 1Rome for She we think

visited Paris in the spring, attending inherited some of her talent from 1 cup Chinese fried noodles classes at the Sorbonne. Before remy Grandmother Toronto (who is */3 cup sliced cashews

turning home, for three and one- a wonderful cook); maybe acquired Mix above ingredients together. Top

half months she toured Europe with some of it from my famous grandwith buttered bread crumbs and bake her brother, recently released from mother Emma Lucy Gates Bowen; one hour in 325 F. oven. Serves six.

his mission. and she gets plenty of encouragement Lima Bean and BeefBall Casserole

And what next? Mother came from Daddy and me. Mother has (alternate)

home and married the boy on the the perfect gracious manner for 1 10ounce package frozen lima beansnext corner, Robert R. Bowen, and casual California living. Here are

or 3 slices bread 2 settled into for happily the recipes pat- a typical married her dinner we!4 CUP rnilk

to Mrs. she nighttern. As our might patio any came serve on Bowen salt teaspoons V/2

California, where I arrived on the we love to eat outside and do so all Y2 teaspoon pepper scene in a few years. spring, summer, and fall when the 1 egg

The three of us live cozily in a weather permits.. 1 clove garlic

468 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1 pound ground beef 4 tablespoons butter cup water l/2 1 cup sour cream;:;: ML

Start oven at 350 F. Cook lima

beans until tender, according to directions on package, and drain. While

beans are cooking, soak slices of bread in milk. In another bowl mix 1 ANTE teaspoon salt, l/4 teaspoon pepper, egg,

and finely grated or mashed garlic.

After bread has soaked a few minutes, squeeze out any excess milk, and mix bread, ground beef, and egg mixture together with a fork. Pinch off portions

of this meat mixture and shape into little balls about the size of a walnut.

Handle them as lightly as possible for besttextured meat. Fry in one table- l lljJIIL llliLN BLACK BEAUTIES spoon butter until brown on all sides, UHBOYCOIilllM liH

then transfer to the bottom of a medium casserole. Pour water into skillet in POR BETTER GARDENING

which meat fried, stir it around a bit, and pour over meat balls. Now season CCCCOT DISTINGUISHING

lima beans with remaining salt, pepper, MARKS and butter, and add to meat in casserole. Bake 30 minutes. Spoon sour LONG, BLACK

cream over the top and bake another AND HANDSOME five minutes. Serve straight from the Handles are g ra inoven with a sprinkling of paprika on hardened for greater

top, if you like. Serves four. durability... resist splitting or splintering...are

known for the natural Fudge Sauce beauty of their premium ash grain. 2 cups sugar PERFECTLY l J/2 cups cocoa BALANCED 1 cup hot water Modernfinished tool 1 can Eagle Brand milk head and handle are scientifically balanced Dissolve sugar, cocoa, in water in to steal the work load double boiler. Add milk. Cook 8 to from your hands. Easy10 minutes. Makes one quart. Serve tocatch handle is finwarm on vanilla ice cream. Keeps in ishednoslip, fornotwista tighter,grip.

refrigerator indefinitely.

BRAND Sour Cream Sugar Cookies Look for the Boyco brand stamped in the center of the Black butter cup or margarine Y2 It's Beauty handle. your

l cups sugar l/2 guarantee of highest 1 teaspoon vanilla quality and last-a-life 2 eggs time construction.

4y2 cups sifted flour 2 teaspoons baking powder l/2 teaspoon salt 1 cup sour cream THE BEST YARD IN THE BLOCK Thoroughly cream butter and sugar. It

Add vanilla and eggs and mix well.

Sift together dry ingredients and add The Trail to easier gardening with alternately with sour cream, mixing well Boyco Black Beauties leads to your nearest after each addition. Drop dough by Hardware, Nursery, Feed, or Department Store.

teaspoon on greased cookie sheet. Dip

the bottom of a glass in water, then in sugar, press cookie top and of each flatten. to"glass in sugar, UNITED STATES STEEL PRODUCTS Dip again

press, and repeat until cookie is thin DIVISION: UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION

and generously coated with sugar. Bake 5100 SANTA FE AVE., LOS ANGEtES, CALIF. - 1849 OAK ST., ALAMEDA. CALIF.

in hot oven (425 F.) about 8 minutes,

or until a delicate brown. This is our

cookie jar favorite.

JUNE 1954 469

HomeCanning

THERE'S REAL CASH SAVING ON HOMECANNED FOODS—real downhome goodness, *too! It costs only 3 a

quart for jar, lid, and heat (based on average jarlife <4sr—TT"

of 8 years!) So while berries, peas, green beans are by Bertha S. Reeder

at their luscious best, put up plenty! To keep that L- GENERAL PRESIDENT YWMIA

wonderful flavor SAFE Be Surer ALL Ways! Smoothsmoothwaters,girls wouldsmooth bescenery,the orderand sendsI wouldrain,alsothenlearnrain'sto helpmy carechoice."for

Ball Lids Let Dome I of teens. nature. bounties beauties the of the were and in my day—if foods protect those

trees, preserve help the joys and the comthe learn I would and folks so I would enjoy your Creamsmooth enamel fort that can come from being away whenever I made a fire, I would see lining guards food in the solitude of nature and rebuildthat every ember was dead before I against corrosive coning my spirits and my intellect. left. And I would not carve my initact. Firm red rubber The Greeks told a story about the tials in trees to mar their beauty. I

assures positive seal. And one good look giant Antaeus whom Hercules tried would not tear up the wildflowers

tells you Dome down, jar sealed! to overthrow. Hercules was so strong ruthlessly, but I would learn to prethat he threw Antaeus to the ground serve them in their original state so

time after time, but each time that the generations to come might

Antaeus would arise with renewed feel the same joy I feel in seeing them.

strength. Suddenly the thought When Helen Keller was asked what

flashed in Hercules'mind that Antaeshe would appreciate most if she us was gaining strength from the could have her sight and hearing reground. At last Hercules took a good stored, she said that she would learn

hold on Antaeus, held him high in to appreciate nature and her wonders.

the air, and eventually overcame him. She believes with the Bible that most

RECIPE Nature does indeed renew those people "have eyes and see not...

who keep close to her. Nowadays in have ears and hear not."

Seal Perfect for with our communication, the speed of in her various Nature moods and

Ball Lid Jars—Mason BandsDome radio, and automobiles, airplanes,

free free in nicks from rust for everyone forms has something from

New Ball Dome Lids television, we seem to be crowded his teens. Bryant in the first part of

in rural other. Even close each upon jar, clean. After wipe top Center his poem "Thanatopsis"writes:

jar top. Lid carefully Screw on Dome filling uncrowded ideas have areas, urban

force. use not band down firmly—do

tighten after processing. Don't Result: til we have little real communion with To him who in the love of Nature holds perfect time! a seal, every

nature. Communion with her visible forms, she

If I were in my teens, I would speaks

HomeCanning Handbook take time to come close to nature. I AShevarioushas a language;voice of forgladness,his gayerand hoursa smile

New Ball Blue Bookwould learn to fish, to swim, to hike, And eloquence of beauty, and she glides covering all approved and to find joy in God's great outof- Into his darker musings, with a mild homecanning and freezing doors. I would learn to listen to the And healing sympathy, that steals away

Their sharpness, ere he is aware.processes—gives you over earth noises—to hear the birds, the

300 recipes including crickets, the sighing of the wind in the pickles, relishes, fruits, and trees, the lapping of the water against Indeed, "One touch of nature makes vegetables, as canned home kin,"world the whole and I would to see the learn shore. the I would

prefer 'em! Stepby-YOU if I that, teens. were in my in remember trees, in flowers, in differencesstep exact timetables methods, too! Send

I would re25f in coin to: grasses. I would realize again more If I were in my teens,

BALL BLUE BOOK, Dept. E64, Muncie, Indiana fully the infinite variety in God's call frequently that it was on a beauticreation. I would learn to feel the ful spring day that Joseph Smith

difference in the seasons and to love retired to the woods to pray to our each for what it gives to me. I would heavenly Father to learn which of CAN WITH know that rain and sunshine are both the churches he should join. His

CONFIDENCE important in God's plan. I would prayer in the Sacred Grove brought

...CAN WITH learn to agree with the old farmer - about the restoration of the Church

philosopher who said, "When God of Jesus Christ.

470 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Make Potpourri

by Jeffrey R uth

are rosebushes in Growing Sfrwff potthink making aboutWhenbloom,your pourri, (pronounced po'pod're or pot'poor'I) if you want to have a pleasant summer task. Potpourri isa mixture of dried rose leaves (of one WITH

sweet with several) or combinedtype PINTV fragrance wonderful give a toherbs all year round. Gather the roses early in the mornOF

ing and at the time just before they until for wait to fade, if youbegin less MILKRICH will be to die theythey start fragrant. Pick the petals from the

stems, lay them on paper, tray, or TABLE QUEEN BREAD screening, and place in a dark airy room to dry. When rose leaves are

dry, place in a stone jar, such as your greatgrandmother used for pickles.

Sprinkle a layer of salt over the petals, add another layer of petals, more salt, and some crushed herbs or dried violet blossoms or geranium leaves.

Continue until jar is full, then cover and forget it until winter comes.

Then fill small rose jars or other bowls with the potpourri and enjoy the lovely fragrance. A jar filled with

it makes a lovely gift, and the leaves are excellent for sprinkling in dresser drawers.

Enriched with Vitamins and Iron

VfacW

ARCHITECT

By Ethelyn B. Kincher

Such is the structure of the heart

That laughter pulls its walls apart

And makes a portal, tall and wide,

Where love can walk upright inside.

JUNE 1954 471 COME OVER, KIDS!

#\...a\l in all by Louise Price Bell

velvety green back yard is nice to more than a footwide plank laid

: it worn down from small feet satisfy your aesthetic sense, if you A see, but wouldn't you rather have across a carpenter's horse, painted to

than to have your youngsters somewish. A merrygo-round can be made

where else? No matter how small from an old wagon wheel; it won't

that back yard is, it can become a be the most beautiful one in the veritable Utopia for smallsters by world but by the imagination route, virtue of a homemade seesaw, some the youngsters will use it to travel rings, a rope swing—or name your gaily about, stopping at fantastic

own equipment. It's better to spend places. Four boards may keep sand

a few dollars on some superduper within a rectangular or square box, play equipment and have your chiland every mother knows that a sand

THE CEREAL dren and their friends right under pile is a panacea. Boys and girls

THAT'S TRIPLED your nose than to save it for somealike will spend hours making mud it comes pies and bridges, and once you have IN POPULARITY thing far less important when

IN ONE YEAR tooverrealto valuesLefty'sandor haveBetty'sthemto play.dashing borhooda sand pilekidsinareyoursureyard,to votethe neighit the

natural wheat's vitamins All of

All There's no sound that should be keenest yard in town! lasting energy. for longer

that ears quite to as pleasing as our natural, rich, meaty wheat's to smallsters the have Encourage eating. for flavor good offspring Cooks of with happily playing our 4* of it minutes. in 3-5 does their over friends even if

pile their a or friends in a consand kitchens, noise, and trackedup doings mean playhouse. Backyard For all the family cocted the house. This is lemonades on to small citizens, doings are important \ iifi all year round. and if Daddy is at all handy, he can beginning of their social life; youthe

make the best kind of rope swing to want them to be hospitable, and more

JV All-O-WheatOGDEN, UTAH hangrafter. onA theseesawappleneedtree bebranchnothingor homethan thatto anyyouotherwantspot!them to prefer

c/L CENTURY OF

Write for information on type of organ in which you are interested.

SJtWW PIPE ORGANS Asu f REED ORGANS &WJJ

xmXOlXLLXLJUL ESTEY ORGAN CORP., BRATTLEBORO/VT.

PIKES PEAK

FLOUR With FOUR Extra Baking Advantages

SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS

425 West 5th South—Reginald Russell Photography

Salt Lake City, Utah Encourage the smallsters to have their friends over even if it does mean noise, trackedup kitchens, and lemonades on the house.

472 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Dallas Stake Enthusiastic Mow in the handier, thriftier

About MIA Program STRIPThe1953)recentlyDallas organizedstake has (Octoberfelt the 3-PACKAGE activichallenge the MIA greatty o of...the yeast that prize -winning

lifeties brought and have which interest to the entire area. cookstheir cookingprefer.sayWomenthat Fleischmann'swho win ribbonsActivefor

In March 1954 the young stake Dry Yeast is the fastest rising, the most held an athletic tournament, drama, dependable, the handiest they've ever and music festival which was well used. And now they find it handierdone and well received by the many and thriftier than ever in this new

who attended. The stake event initi- 3-package strip. "Thrifty Three's"

ated the sports program, and young are easier to store on your shelf—

people come in from all over the they save you money every time stake to participate. you buy. So look for "Thrifty

At the Gold and Green banquet Three's"at your grocery store.

which concluded the event, 326 people were seated. A stake MIA choir

has been organized consisting of fiftytwo members. The musical numbers

they presented were particularly wellreceived.

The speech and dance festival held in April was equally successful and indicative of the real enthusiasm for the MIA program in this new stake of Zion.

General President Bertha S. Reeder, When you bake at home,

General Secretary Helena W. Larson, use Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast

and Attendance Secretary Helen... now in "Thrifty Three's"

Lingwall attended, the March event and brought a report of the success of the first events in March. They

also brought a challenge that Dallas

Stake sent to the other stakes—toWatch Dallas Stake Grow in MIA! HAMMOND ORGAN

"Musics Most Glorious Voice"The overwhelming choice of churches and homes all over the its introduction, churches Since have bought more Master M Men Breakfast At world. than all other instruments comparable Organs Hammond

June Conference combined.

Richards Stephen LPresident of Low First Cost of the First Presidency the Church will be the special speaker to address the Master M Men breakfast, Simple to Play

Saturday, June 12, at 6:45 a.m. atop

the Hotel Utah, in the glorious StarNo Tuning light Gardens. No special invitations

have been sent this year, but a hearty Easy to Play welcome is extended to all Master

M Men to attend the event. Low Maintenance

This gathering will celebrate the twentysecond anniversary of the

Master M Men program in the Get Full Details From

YMMIA. Appropriate and stirring MR. SELDON N. HEAPS

music will be furnished by the

Solidaires, under the direction of BROS. MUSIC CO.Shirl Cornwall. GLEN

74 So. 2546 Washington University Main 57 No. there are Since Master 2500 M Men LAKE CITY SALT OGDEN PROVO

it factin assured the Church, is an that the gathering will be a most satisfying and stimulating occasion.

JUNE 1954 473 1 Something New

(Continued from page 38$) house. But really it wasn't long,

r ouruntilnightgownswearing cleanin a aprons,paper bag,carryingand with a warning from Mama not to lose our bonnets, we were off, walking, skipping, and running along the not too familiar road.

It always seemed strange to find

that Floy, who was "Flick"at school and a person of authority, was, at home, subject to the bidding of her eggs, washing dishes, folk—gathering

and sweeping the kitchen floor in a quiet, docile manner. In her free

time, however, she could ride bareback, the most spirited of horses, and would even ride standing on one of them as she guided him with a halter.

Saturday was sunny, and so Bessie and I played out most of the day while Floy helped with the Saturday work. For a while we followed her

big brothers in the field, for there was still a little corn picking left to do, and advantage must be taken of every sunny day.

In the late afternoon, Papa came.

He said to Mrs. Reeves, "Well—we

have a new dishwasher."

Mrs. Reeves answered, "I expect

you wanted a boy."

"No,"said Papa, "we want what we get."Bessie looked much bewildered. I

was bewildered, too.

"Dishwasher"—Had Edie Turner

out of ways or Sally Graff come down to help us? I remembered that when little 3 C9 /<:

..$t*%3te L>v sister was a baby, they had each

stayed with us for a few days. Mspongefibre"Paper Towels ZEE Baby!—-A new idea crept slowly

into my mind. Could it be that we

save you work... save you time! had a baby at home?

Papa continued, "She has such long fingers, I think she will be a piano

Because ZEE's "spongefibres"soak up player."

grease and moisture faster, more thoroughly, Mrs. Reeves laughed and said,

dayin and dayout cleaning and cleanup "When are you getting your piano?"

Papa laughed, too, at the abchores go like a breeze. Save time, save surdity of it but answered, "I hope

work with ZEE Towels! someday."

I then somehow knew, that although Papa hadn't mentioned such an unheard luxury as a piano before, softer, more ZuLu tt—the

the it was something he wished for very with Towels absorbent easy, even tear! much.

Mrs. Reeves continued in a low

voice, so that we could scarcely hear, "When did it happen?"

Crown Zellerbach Corporation 1954 "Soon after supper,"answered Papa.

474 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

"The girls got here just in time,"said Mrs. Reeves. Was our visit planned then? I TRY THIS

wondered in surprise. next time you wash Mrs. Reeves continued. "Did she

have a hard time?"

"No,"answered Papa, "easier than usual. We must get back now,

though.""Come again, girls."

"They can come next time we have a baby,"answered Papa, and they both laughed.

Was that a joke? If so, why?

But Bessie's face lighted up. She

had not been trying to hear the dull grownup conversation as I had, but now she had caught the word baby.

"Do we have a baby?"she asked yourStarchwashingand rinsemachine!at theFirst,samemaketimeaboutin lastThentubpourof rinsethis hotwater.starchRinseintoas usual.your

incredulously. 2 qts. of heavy hot starch. With Faultless Your starching is done! This is the famous

Starch you can make perfect hot starch in Faultless StarchRinse. Everything gets

barely a minute without cooking! a very light dirtresisting starching.

CRYPTIC CODE

By Hazel M. Kerr DISCOVER THISSmall sister has a language all her own Which grownups cannot understand at next time you iron..

Whenall.she becomes insistent we must call

Big brother who is five, since he alone

Can comprehend her jargon perfectly.

He listens and explains, a trifle bored, "She wants a drink."With harmony reWe storedmarvel at this childhood mystery.

What is this cryptic code which brother knows By intuition? Can it be a part

Of all the unsolved wonder at the heart

Of life? A secret symbol known to those

But lately come from an enchanted land,

Who still remember, and can understand?

Ironing is so much easier, goes faster, Even blue jeans and other heavy and looks so much better, because Faultfabrics iron easier and smoother if you "Of course,"I answered, for I had less Starch contains ironingaids already use the Faultless StarchRinse. And the

in. sticking, fighting a dragging starching Starchthe Faultless with No that for three minutes, and mixedknown

flies! all fairly iron iron day. dirt in. grinding Your from And all light,Rinse

felt to Bessie. quite superior Faultless. abso-lutely looks longer. time, last your clothes wash Saves helps work—andkeep On the way home we were very

quiet. Bessie was evidently thinking

about the baby, for she suddenly said, "We haven't had a baby for a long time, have we Papa."

"No indeed,"answered Papa, for little sister was nearly two years old.

I was also thinking of the new baby, but my thoughts were more serious, for I knew how hard it was to pay taxes as well as to buy shoes

Well—theand stockingstaxesandwereclothpaidfor fordresses.this Next washday you'll be amazed at the To enjoy more free time next washday,

year, and the baby wouldn't need way even dirty, grimy work and play use the Faultless StarchRinse. There is no

easier, quicker, scrubor better to starch hard way clean—without

Starch. Faultless direcStarch-Rinse used than with Easy youmany clothes for a long time. clothesbing. ThecomeFaultless

I was still thinking about this when last washday helps keep dirt on the surtions are right on the box. Look for the

we reached home. Small brother, starch,face. Thefloatshotthewashdirtwaterout withdissolvesit! the crispGood whiteHousekeepingbox with Sealthe atbigyourred stargrocer's.and

looking out the window, was waiting for us. He quickly disappeared, FREE BOOKLET to help you do perfect starching and easy ironing with less work is

(Continued on following page) yours on request. Send your name and address to Faultless Starch Co., Kansas City 1, Mo.

JUNE 1954 475 SOMETHING NEW KITCHEI1 CHflRlTI {Continued from preceding page) Didn't I, Papa, a little baby! It's

raced is Wosy!"door, the pulled and out name open WAXED PAPER time Bessie and I felt quite us, his clapping hands and By that to meet

KEEPS FOOD shouting, "We got something new! superior to small brother, for we

feelsuperior but he had didn't knew, both

it! didn't notice so ings of and his own FRESHER LONGER! Wesee it!got somethingYou wasn'tnew!here! You1 saw

S&SSSG'SiS"

Jo See the humayi Son!

tak e win%

Richard L. Evans

In The Prisoner of Chillon, Lord Byron said in the awesome words of a classic couplet:

"Oh, God! it is a fearful thing

To see the human soul take wing."

Fearful, yes—but just so surely as we ourselves or our loved

ones leave this life, just so surely may we have the assurance of everlasting life—except for which our elaborate observance

of Easter would partake somewhat of meaningless motions.

There is only one issue after all at Easter: that the Savior,

the Son of God, our Christ and our Redeemer, came forth

WITH MILLIONS POPULAR on the from the tomb HOUSEWIVES. OF

testify scriptures that the third daytruly—thatand redeemedliterallyus hefromrosedeathfrom GROCERS.. ALL LEADINGAT death to life—that they who knew him and walked with

him saw what they said they saw. And to those who have

THE BENNETT JUNIOR lost loved ones, and to those who face death (which all of

AUTOMATIC JUICER whatus do, itsometimeswas meantsoonerto mean,thanwithwe suppose),a settled assurancelet this daythatmeanthe

practical, This modern designed for juicer, home Lord God who gave us life did send his Son to redeem us a quality live (living so life that here the little we of from death—for flavored natural use,rich,produces

of its lose to live) vegetables juices and learn would from much long before we really

It's quick, effifruits.

Just meaning except for this assurance of eternal continuance. So cient, economical.

on electric turn switch, great a work is man, so great a thing the spirit and the mind fruit or vegetable, feed will extract "Junior"and expel pulp. of man, so cherished are our loved ones, so wonderful the the the juice,

of cabbage, Quantities juice universe, so orderly is all creation, that all point to eternal carrot celery and ready to serve in minutes. plan and purpose. And he who made us in his own image,

$150.00 and sent us into mortality for a glorious purpose, will bring

freight prepaid us forth from death, to a literal resurrection, and unto everheight come forth Diameter, 71/2"; the seed seen surely have lasting as we life—as weight net 19 131/2"; forth seen life come as as surely flower; easyto- into full four lbs. Only we have

feed parts: nylon clean

silver nickel chute, cutby birth. And with all the evidence there is—the pronounceplated ter, nickel steel ments of the prophets, the testimony of sacred writ, and stainless screen,

pan. with reason itself, with the whispering of the spirit, the cerapproved. CSA UL and our only commit can of tainty an inborn assurance—we Model Juicer Automatic Bennett available: Also of testify the of everlasting life, and certainty to the $275.00 "B"course juice and institutions. fountains, bars for

See your Diet or Health Food Store, or write to: reality of the resurrection of him who died for us that we

might live; and not for us only but for all others also. Thus Bennett Company The live, ones lost loved that our assurance its sweet brings Easter

Francisco 9, Calif. Dept. E. San Geary Street, 1028 see and that may we has provided Father a loving and that

know and live again with those we love, always and forever.

TYPEWRITERS For less than half the price.... All makes LJhe. Spoken lA/ord from TEMPLE SQUARE

and models of late style factory rebuilts. 15"PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

Elite's for genealogy work only $79.50 and SYSTEM, APRIL 18, 1954

up. Write or seeFRANZ SCHREYER Copyright, 1954

757 South State Street, Salt Lake City, Utah

Phone 5-5120 476 IE IMPROVEMENT ERA ours. He ran before us into the house

almost delirious with joy in being thefirst to Mama's bed, and to show us WJW/ what could happen when folks went away and he was left behind.

Dr. George was ing beside

Mama's bed visiting with her when we came in.

"You have a very nice sister,"he said to us. "You will have to take

good care of her. She is very small

and not very strong."

Mama looked anxious, but he continued, "I am sure, she will be all right, though,"and he left us with a smile and a cheery "goodbye."

A young woman named Kate was in the kitchen getting supper. She

wasn't doing things the way Mama did. We didn't know her, and the

house seemed suddenly bleak with her there and Mama in bed. Little Sister Mountain SiAif S TtUPHONfi

Ella looked forlorn indeed with the sudden change in our seemingly unchangeable family. Papa came in

from the barn where he had gone to mon/voe the team. gathered"put up"We k FOLDING PLENTY OF sisfor little except thearound bed

ter, who was too short to see anything, BANQUET FREE and so, stood off by herself. TABLES PARKING

AT SEARS! Mama said, "Papa, lift her up

beside me on the bed for a little while. She feels lonely and left

out."So Papa lifted her up, and she looked very happy sitting on one side of Mama, with the new baby on the

TRUCKS other. all together. were now We Chairstruck Forthe storingMONROEeasy wayTables modernFoldingtables EachandConstrue handlesSmall brother patted the bed where storags chairs.permits No. of TSCor Storage Transport eitherTruckspace. tionin limited

Ho. Truck lay, said, Al- "You'rethe baby and

inquiries to their the Units Church T$may direct bert's little Wosy, aren't you? You're Church Purchasing Department, 47 East

Albert's little Wosy."South Temple, Salt Lake City 1, Utah. THE nWoWlOiU COMPANY

"Is her name Rosy?"I asked. /249CHURCH STREET. COLFAX. IOWA

"Not really,"answered Mama, "but he thought of that name for her, and so I told him he could call her A strongly spiritual, faithpro-

Rosy if he wanted to."moting book.

Papa turned down one corner of kenmore electric "In Thethe quilt so that we could see the baby. One tiny arm moved, and Gospel Net"

suddenly, I saw the little white slip, By Dr. John A. Widtsoe PORTABLE its dolllikewith sleeve that I had

edition at a A deluxe Newseen once in the making on Mama's $1.75 Brand price modestlap. It was a wonderful secret I Wherever Church books Not Rebuilt! 69s

had, and, too, I knew that the baby are sold GUARANTEED 20 YEARS!

had clothes for some time to come.

Mama looked down at the baby and when I saw her face, I thought in Unbreakable... moulded

Lightglass. to look like

free.surprise, "Why, Mama loves her alWI weight, noise EcoDRINK

ready."height. Standard nomical, COMMUHIONWCUPS

dealer. your from Order smiled, Papa looked apdown and SB 167 OFFER SPECIAL Doz. ficq $1.25 A delightfulparently not worried the food about

trial $1.00 Mail for lot of hot beverage

and clothes he must eventually buy. one dozen sent postpaid. who don't drinkforcoffee.those

(Concluded on following page) BRASS GOODS'CO. 55 Sudbury St., Boston 14, Mass. AT YOUR GROCERS

JUNE 1954 477 A summer of FUN for young and old at Something New

page) (Concluded from preceding

pleased. It had looked muchL. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE Bessie

been so long since we had had a

Summer quarter starts June 7 little baby. Little sister sat up, and

Regular day and evening classes. now, feeling the protection of her

HYSPEED LONGHAND, the fast, easy way to take shorthand. family, broke into a smile as she

GREGG SHORTHAND, Simplified. looked at her new sister. Small

BUSINESS MACHINESIBM Key Punch brother tried to pat his "Wosy's"

Bank Proof hand.

Burroughs Sensimatic many, many others. Suddenly all thought of the cost

JUNIOR CLASSES for under high school graduates 12 to 18 years. of the baby slipped from my mind,

... Jr. beginning, Typewriting intermediate, advanced.

Simplified. 16 yrs. Students Shorthand, Jr. Gregg and up. for in my heart there came a great

Swimming—twice a week at the Deseret Gym. Supervised warmth and gladness. Why we all

lifeguards. love her, I thought. We all love her

ENROLL NOW at the friendly business college—your Church school. already!

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY, m rtnOl!ISI\IX'il ()l,l,lii;i;ilr,iiirli

I rfl IJll/1 70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY These Times

(Concluded from page 392) PREFERRED In the midst of the anticlerical struggle, foreign taking American policy was DIAGRAMS FOR HOME turn. a decided MemoranThe "Clark Illustrating DEVOTIONAL Latter - day Saint

USE! principles with complete scripdum"on the Monroe Doctrine had been

tural references and condensed issued by the US Department of State.

summaries of Church doctrines. The appointment of Dwight Morrow

Extremely helpful for teachers, and J. Reuben Clark, Jr., successively,

students, and all Church meminaugurateas US Ambassadorsthe "goodto Mexico,neighborhelpedpolicy"to bers.

which later extended throughout Latinnationals Author, A. P. Merrill America. Both Mr. Morrow and AmBIBLE REFERENCE HOME PRICE—$1.00 EACH thebassadorMexicanClarkgovernmentinsisted onto theits nationalright of in the King James (Authorized) Version

Printed in "Crystal Clear"type, Available at sovereignty. Thus was established on

with a wealth of reference mafirm legal principle the basis for Mexico terial includes Full which its own probAtlas, Bible Daily Color DESERET BOOK COMPANY to develop and to solve Readings.

despite temptations pressures lems, and Family Register other and conSouth 44 East Temple features, this venient beautiful is Porfirio intervention. Diaz US

is Bible an National invaluable Salt City 10, Lake the said that Utah reputedfor once to have addition 11 to the In home.

enduring styles from $6.00 up. trouble with Mexico was that it was

located "too far from God and too close

Optical New activity Detector to the United States."By 1954 it must Radio

be apparent to all Mexicans that their

GEIGERSCOPE For mineral examine specto selfdetermination. The absence of

withfor uranium national BIBLES canimensthe first time, you northern neighbor respects their right

AT LEADING BIBLE STORES out investing in a costly overt interference by the USA in matters electronic counter. Now so close to human hearts and needs as universities in use in many

Geigerscope laboratories, the Energy and Atomic is religion and oil must have had good for decounter sensitive than more a small G-M termining radioactivity in mineral specimens. Sturdy effect. At the same time the proximity

watch, yet portable durable, as a pocket and the to the USA can be utilized as a great source. requires or power no battery Geigerscope

prospectors for Wonderful or engineers on field trips opportunity to develop a jointly deexperimenter. laboratory and for the

Supplied complete with sample of sirable "good neighborhood"in the carrying ore, pouch and uranium full Western Hemisphere. is fully Geigerscope directions. Each ONLYn.T..POSTPAID$1 guaranteed. TO: WRITE

Ken Research, Inc. It is a long time since the days of

831 Fifth Ave. River Edge 12, New Jersey Pershing chasing Pancho Villa, and of

Woodrow Wilson's order to fire on to is It longer back even Cruz. Vera

L.D.S. HEADQUARTERS FOR 1 Ana. Looking Santa Houston and Sam IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA A [ the try to understand forward, we can

YE KINGS REST MOTEL struggle of a great, nativeAmerican peo526 STREET 5TH SOUTH realizing in people, Mexican ple, the

B. Dr. Foutz, Harold Owner

all learn more destiny. their We should H. Foutz, Manager Edgar

Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout of our Mexican neighbor in these times.

478 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Melchizedek Priesthood (Concluded from page 465) "The nearest comparable instrument to a good large pipe organ"

Fourth: The quorum presidents "GyrophonicOnly AllenProjector"ElectronicwhichOrgansassureshavea "fullthe

should be at the meeting at least ensemble."proven in side by side demonstrathat of any other electo to be superior for the tions time before minutestwenty

price. regardless tronic of organ greet to in order to convenemeeting

all the quorum members upon their characterProducesthroughouta diapasonthetoneentirewhichrangeretainsof theits arrival and also to see that everystop.

thing is ready to carry forward properSome recent Church installations include:

ly and efficiently the business of that Emigration Ward, Salt Lake City; 33rd Ward

meeting. andLiberty43rd Utah;Wards,BensonOgden, Ward,Utah; LibertyCache Ward,Stake,

Fifth: It adds interest to the meetLogan, Utah; and Lago Ward. Lago, Idaho.

ing to have some special musical numbers well prepared and presented Church prices for approved models artistically at the beginning of the start at $1660.00.

meeting.

Sixth: Since the Melchizedek Priesthood monthly quorum meeting is a

business meeting, the business should For additional information or free demonstration contact...

intelligently with and conducted be MUSIC DUNKLEY PROVO OGDEN IOGAN dispatch.

7-5530 UTAH - Phone LAKE CITY, South 5th East, SALT 1521 and or counpresident Seventh: The

selor who conducts the monthly quorum meeting should have every item of business carefully written down and well in mind before he stands Why Share Your Space before the group. with a Swinging Door? Eighth: After quorum business has OPPORTUNITY

been disposed of, individual problems of quorum members or questions from forsionaryyoungexperience.people who have had misquorum members could with profit

CONTACT be discussed.

Importer Diamond Ninth: In addition to the foregoing

suggestions, the one already menBERT LAWRENCE tioned of opening the meeting at an appointed time and closing it in acforjewelrydiamondsand smallfor appliances.yourself or to sell

cordance with an appointed time is

South East W. 6925 of \76 essential if the presidencies very

Utah Provo, Utah Center OR 560Bountiful,

Phone Priesthood 1659-M quorums ex395-J Melchizedek Phone pect to have the monthly quorum meetings well attended and carried forward successfully. HAVE YOU READ...

Conclusions "GOSPEL a "MODERNFOLD"

In conclusion, all stake presidents IDEALS"? doorMORE SPACEtakesFOR LIVINGnone

BEAUTY NEW COLORFUL - STRENGTH OF STEEL RIGID throughout the Church—since they

hold the position of chairman of the Selections from the Discourses MOVABLE WALLS

ike an accordion that the to see quorum urged staketee—areMelchizedek Priesthood commitof the doors that fold David O. McKay jurisdiction their presidencies under

hold monthly quorum business meetAt All Bookdealers $4.00

ings. Stake presidencies are also once

again reminded to see that Melchizedek Priesthood quorum presidencies For demonstration write or phone hold their weekly presidency council for YEARS SEVENTYFIVE USE or IN group weekly meetings and their ALDER'S of Canker, in treatment simple 1343 South Main Salt Lake City all Aids Also, quorum meetings. quorum

presidencies are earnestly encouraged sore throat and other minor mouth. Phone 7-1531 1

-free booklet entitled your send Please me

IE-3. Living"for 5pace to follow the procedure set forth here and throat irritations. "More

in order that they might magnify NAME....

their callings in the priesthood and Address. REMEDY HALLS

build up the work of the Lord in City, Utah City.State. Salt Lake

their respective quorums.

JUNE 1954 479 Your Page miQur

The Light Touch

A Record

The parachutist was dangling forlornly from a big oak tree.

"I was trying to make a record,"he shouted to the farmer below.

"Reckon yuh did it, stranger,"observed the farmer. "You'll be

the fust man in these parts to climb down a tree withouten he dumb up it fust."

Point of View

"It's tough to pay 80 cents a pound for meat."

"Mmm. But it's tougher when you pay only 40."

Strong Constitution

A customer complained that the new barber was driving him crazy with his incessant chatter.

The proprietor observed mildly, "According to the Constitution of the United States, he's got a right to talk."

"That may be,"admitted the customer, "but the United States has a constitution that can stand it. Mine can't!"

Sage Suggestion

Husband: "What are you planning to do tonight?"

Wife: "Nothing special. I'll probably write a letter or two,

read the paper, listen to the radio, and so on."

Husband: "When you come to the "so on"don't forget the

buttons on my shirt."

It's Relative BROTHERS RECEIVE HIGH MIA AWARDS An Air Force master sergeant in North Africa was briefing his

One Sunday evening a few months ago, the three sons of fellow Texans. "Our job here is to promote good will and friendliBrother and Sister Maurice M. Arbuckle each received a "first"ness. We've got to be polite with the natives. If they say Africa

award. Lynn K. Arbuckle was the youngest and first scout in is bigger than Texas, just agree with them."

the West Bountiful Ward to become an Eagle at the age of 12.

Kent K. Arbuckle, 15, was the first boy in his ward to receive THE JOY OF BEING AN EDITOR

the Deseret Recognition Award for Exploring. James K. Arbuckle, 19, was the first boy in his ward and one of the first Getting out this little paper is no picnic. If we print jokes,

four boys in the entire Church to receive a Knight Crest Award people say we are silly; if we don't, they say we are too serious.

for the Junior M Men. Each boy is proudly wearing his pin. If we clip things from other magazines, we are too lazy to write

James is currently serving a thirtymonth mission in New Zealand. them ourselves; if we don't, we're too fond of our own stuff.

Their father has served in the West Bountiful Ward bishopric If we don't print contributions, we don't appreciate true genius.

for the past eight years and this is the third year that their Now, like as not, someone will say we got this from some other mother has been Bountiful Stake YWMIA Era Director. They magazine or paper.... We did!also have a sister, Ann, who is six years old.—The Piedmont Pointers

SERVICEMEN REPORTING

LDS servicemen aboard the USS Hector AR-7, a repair ship now cruising Japanese waters, were organized into a group in October 1953. Theron R. Hunter was set

apart as group leader, with William J. West and Maurice

T. Patterson as counselors, and Robert L. Wiseman as

secretary.

Seen in the picture are; left to right, front row: Scott T.

Hess, Ogden, Utah; Eldon R. Willis, Spanish Fork, Utah;

Erwin W. Larson, Ogden, Utah; Samuel F. Kelsey, Hayward, California; William J. West, Orland, California.

Back row: Robert L. Wiseman, Salt Lake City; Maurice

T. Patterson, Salt Lake City; Theron R. Hunter, Washington Terrace, Ogden; George T. King, Carson City, Nevada;

Roland S. Jackson, Salt Lake City.

Absent when photo was taken were Charles E. Lewis,

Stevensville, Montana and Robert Chappie, Ogden.

480 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The "secret"of this Fashion Recipe is easy to discover. A fresh

or artificial flower pinned to one glove.

PowderPuff ZEE Tissue...

Soft, lovely colors and purest white

your choice at no extra cost!

4 rolls of the color you like in each handy FAMI&T-PAK

Ballet Pink

Foam Green Soft White Crown Zellerbach Corporation 1954 (

April Yellow One of Life's Proudest Moments

The boy stands proudly before the entire Court is like that, too. You can feel a real sense of accomof Honor while his mother, equally proud, nervously plishment when, after considerable study and counpins on the coveted Eagle. Truly, it's one of the sel with your Beneficial agent, you successfully work

high spots in a boy's life.. and the lives of his parents. out an insurance program that will give your

The Eagle award is a symbol of the accomplishfamily the financial protection they need—at a

ment of a goal. In a sense, your Beneficial Life policy cost consistent with your income.

BENEFICIAL LIFE Over V4 billion dollars of Insurance Company life insurance in force.

David O. McKay, Pres. Salt Lake City - Utah