Attention,

Returning servicemen Released

i""i iimwmi.'missionaries mWMH|Pii iinj[HiH

Midyear high school graduates

'9mmm liiii A new adventure awaits you. Plan to

continue your education at a great

Church university.

You can gain a full semester of college this school year

Plan NOW to register at BYU Feb. 4, 5, 1963

Much Is expected of young men and women for the rest of his life. The wise student will get

today, but in all of their activity those who are the BONUS education of a GREAT church uniqualified should never lose sight of the goal of versity with all of the advantages of a big a college education. The moral fiber and brainuniversity yet all the friendliness of a small

power of its people are the strength of the nation college.

today, and it is to those who are trained that BYU is one of the world's great universities. It

the future belongs. provides top training in 60 departments of 11

Helping the students to achieve these goals is colleges, staffed by an outstanding faculty the role of the university. It also will determine trained in a hundred universities and colleges,

his career, friends, outlook, and economic status and using finest facilities on a beautiful, new campus. BYU students are in demand because

CLIP AND MAIL of this superior education. Here they receive

balanced academic, physical, and spiritual eduTO: cation in an ideal social climate.

University Relations Division

University, Provo, Utah Enjoy these advantages. Plan NOW to attend Brigham Young

second semester. Be sure to call or write immePlease send me free of charge additional information about diately for admission or readmission.

BYU. I am especially interested in

Name Brigham Young

Address City State, UNIVERSITY

PROVO - UTAH Exploring the Universe

By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr.

PAINT REMOVER

A new, fastworking paint and enamel remover has been developed by the US Army Corps of Engineers.

Paint from any kind of surface is removed by this "organic stripper"in four to five minutes, and leaves no residue. The paint is softened as it is

penetrated, then a gas is released which lifts the film from the surfaces.

Detergent emulsifiers help so that the loosened, partially dissolved paint can be washed off with water.

Take the Supreme Test!

There is a difference in saltine crackers...

and, when you take the "Supreme Test",

SNOW NUCLEI you'll discover that new, improved SuThe most recent work on the identification of nuclei in snow crystals preme Saltine Crackers are the thinnest, has been carried out by Motoi Kumai of the University of Chicago crispest, best tasting crackers you've ever and Hokkaido University, Japan. eaten. Get a package next time you shop

Using an electron microscope to examine the center nucleus of fresh-...and, enjoy 'em often!

ly falling snow crystals he found claymineral nuclei in 87 percent, hygroscopic nuclei 1 percent, combustion products 2 percent, unknown material 9 percent, and no nuclei in 1 percent of the 300 snow crystals studied. Ice crystals do not form

directly from supercooled vapor above—40F. but need some nucleus

to serve as a starting point. The

search of effective nuclei which actually are used by nature is receiving wide attention. The reasoning behind the use of silver iodide in cloud

seeding is that it is the most effective nucleus known and can under certain nuclei conditions supply needed in to influence clouds and some SUPREME BAKERS cases precipitation. BOWMAN BISCUIT COMPANY

Denver and Salt Lake City

JANUARY 1963 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mtittial Improvement Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for January 1963 Volume 66, Number 1

Church Features ART AND PHOTO CREDITS:

1620 Photos from family sources

The Editor's Page: Count These Blessings, President David O. McKay 12 225657VirginiaMel OwenSargent

Era of Youth, all small spot drawings

Your Question: Intelligences and Eternal Life, President Joseph Fielding Smith..l4 Ted Nagata

Nathan Eldon Tanner of the Council of the Twelve, Richard L. Evans All other art & photos, Ralph Reynolds

and Doyle L. Green 16 Studio

"... One Brick at a Time,"M. Elmer Christensen. 28

The Church Moves On, 4; Melchizedek Priesthood, 52; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 54.

Special Features

Explorer Specialties, William B. Smart 24

The Mormon Image Today and Tomorrow, Reed H. Blake 30

Aids to the Revealed Doctrines of the Church, Reed Durham 32

Garnish for the Mind, Helen Lemmon 34

Child Rearing—The Mormon Viewpoint, Wayne J. Anderson 36

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 38, 42, 46, 50

THE ERA OF YOUTH: 65

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 1; These Times: Questions, Answers, and

Knowhow, G. Homer Durham, 8; Letters and Reports, 10.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Fun to Get Up in the Morning 56

Informal Home Nights, Beverly Romney Cutler 59

Stories, Poetry

The Golden Key, Bernard Sahath 22

Poetry.......40, 41, 43, 44, 48, 51, 58, 60, 64 cover note

The Era cover is shared by photographs of Elder Nathan Eldon Tanner of the Council of the Twelve and

Elder Bernard P. Brockbank, Assistant

The Improvement Era Offices, 135 South State Street, Salt Lake City 11, Utah Bothto themenCouncilwere ofservingthe Twelve.in the mission

fields of Europe when they were callings. sustained to these high

GniiiiN, L. O. Evans, L. Associate Richard and Editor; C. Managing Josephson, David Managing McKay Doyle Marba Albert material see pages Editorial Editor: Patricia CarterEditors; Research H. Blake, Middletox, Stephan, Associates; Grant, E. ReedEditor; Florence Pinnock, Today'sL. Zoeell,FamilyJr.,

is Clark 16( Forandbiographical28.) Ralph our Direction-. Makio.n Editor; Era Editor; Associate Hanks, Art D. The Era Elaine Youth Stxjdio. The JutithCannon, of ReynoldsB. of Youth Ralph

photographer. S. Harris, Sperry, Nibley, Fianklin B. Sidney Contribui G. Jr., Gardiner, ing Editors. A. Jackson, Junius HughEditor; Durham, M. Homer Alma

JosephDirector;T. ThayerBentley,Evans,GeneralAdt:ertisingMatwger;Director.Florence S. Jacobsen, Associate General Marmger; Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription

Inc., Funds, Copyright 1962 by Mutual of published Christ Associations by the of Latterday Saints. All rights and of Jesus Mutual Improvement Church The

price reserved. Subscription year, $3.00 a e.\'cept in advance; subscriptions, foreign issues. single for special copy, in advance; 35c S3.,50 a year,

Entered of Octoberat the1917,PostauthorizedOffice, SaltJuly Lake2, 1918.City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. Act

Improvement The Era a word and must be accompaniedis not responsibleby sufficientfor unsolicitedpostage formanuscriptsdelivery andbutreturn.welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of 2c

Thirty changesdays'cannotnoticebe madeis requiredunless thefor oldchangeaddiessof address.as well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a re<:ent issue of the magazine. Address byCoverDeseretLithographedNews Press.in full color

NEW! LDS FROM DESERET BOOK BOOKS

Beliol

0l

tOM

TREASURES OF LIFE BEHOLD, THE LAMB THE CHALLENGE!

by President David O. McKay

wisof compilation Q C Q Q n yJ. Rueben PresidentClark Jr. This feastby ofAlvinwordsR. Dyerwill An inspiring

dom and counsel from the pen A New Year's challenge to fire the reader with enof President David 0. McKay. Latterday Saints to pattern thusiasm for spreading

This book will add rich hours of their lives after that of the the gospel. Ideal readspiritual food throughout the Savior! This compilation of ing for the start of a addresses will strengthen the New Year that can be

New Year! W.95 testimony of all who read it! filled with successful

$3.95 missionary work! J2.75

HYRUM SMITH -PATRIARCH HYRrM by Pearson H. Corbett

SMITH Deep insight into the many sterling qualities which made paaitrcn the Prophet Joseph Smith's brother dear to every Latterday Saint! A book that will thrill every reader! $3.95

COMPANY

44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND AT COTTONWOOD MALL

SALT LAKE CITY 2472 WASHINGTON BLVD., OGDEN

Order conveniently by mail from 17 so. MAIN ST, ORANGE, CALIFORNIA

any Deseret Book store or Church book dealer.

JANUARY 1963 A GREAT CHURCH LIBRARY The Church can be assembled by "binding"Moves regularly your copies of On The Improvement

They can be conveniently and inexpensively "bound"as you reOCTOBER 1962 ceive them, in an Improvement Era binder. It was announced that Elders John R. Halliday and James R.

Tohnan had been appointed to the general board of the

Deseret Sunday School Union.

The number of stakes now functioning in the Church rose 'to 359 as three new stakes were organized today:

Casper (Wyoming) Stake with Elder Wilbur Reed Green sustained as president and Elders Ferrin Richards Frazier and Weston

Lynn Potter sustained as counselors. The stake was organized

under the direction of Elders Spencer W. Kimball and Howard W.

Hunter of the Council of the Twelve.

Wind River (Wyoming) Stake with Elder John Rex Kocherhans sustained as president and Elders Warren James Adams and Lester

Dean Lee sustained as counselors. The stake was organized under

the direction of Elders Spencer W. Kimball and Howard W. Hunter

of the Council of the Twelve. Both the Casper and the Wind

River stakes were formerly part of the Wyoming District of the

West Central States Mission.

Coeur d'Alene (Idaho) Stake was organized from parts of the

Spokane Stake by Elder Harold B. Lee of the Council of the Twelve

and Elder Boyd K. Packer, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve.

Elder Cerald Edward Browning was sustained stake president with

Elders Wilbert Skinner and Claude J. Turner as counselors.

Elder Delphine Sylvester Hiatt was sustained as president of

Blaine (Idaho) Stake with Elders Lynden Stanford Adamson and

Beautifully and strongly conWardell J. Rainey as counselors. They succeed President Valdo D.

structed with handsome heavy red Benson and his counselors, Elders Howard M. Ballif and Dennison

Edson Falke.

Fabricoid cover. Stamped in gold Elder Milton G. Armstrong sustained as second counselor in

and large enough to hold 12 isthe presidency of South Sanpete (Utah) Stake presidency, sucsues of more than 1,000 pages, ceeding Elder R. Claire Anderson. President of the stake is Vernon

plus an index. L. Kunz. His first counselor is Neil C. Frischknecht.

Elder Edward L. Howard, Jr., sustained as first counselor to

Price is only President William L. Stoker of San Mateo (California) Stake succeeding Elder James B. jacobsen. Elder Frank A. Martin sus-

$2.50 tained as second counselor succeeding Elder Howard.

and a 1962 index is included It was announced simultaneously in New York City and Salt

FREE! Such a binder is a MUST Lake City that the Church was the principal stockholder in

for every v/ard library and most the purchase of the shortwave radio broadcasting facilities used recent the general conferences. Purchase of Station WRUL,desirable for every home. at

in studios with five transmitters City and at Scituate, New York near Boston, was negotiated October 10, the transaction subject to

Order now from approval of the Federal Communications Commission. The faciliThe Improvement ties purchased were known as Worldwide Broadcasting Division of

Metromedia, and it owned and operated WRUL, the only advertiser-supported commercial shortwave station in the United States.

135 South State Street The station beams programs to 109 countries throughout the world. The new owner is known as the International Educational Salt Lake City 11, Utah

Gary used to fiddle awful sou

How do you persuade a reluctant youngster that But he now thinks the trombone is "swell,"and plays music is not "for sissies"? it with vigor. His parents credit this new interest to

Classroom teachers of the West, Alaska and Hawaii the classroom music.

do so with the assistance of our Standard School Who knows how many children have discovered a

Broadcast, which, by dramatizing music, symphony new, exciting world through this public service to jazz, adds a colorful dimension to learning. program? It is now in its 35th consecutive year,

Gary and 2 million other boys and girls hear so we have served quite a few school generations.

this weekly radio program in their classrooms. Has Tune in Thursdays during the school

it inspired in Gary a zest for the violin? Honestly, no. year. You'll enjoy the program, too.

Planning ahead to serve you better

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

JANUARY 1963

A TOTAL ELECTRIC

Broadcasting Corporation, with James B. Conkling of Sherman Oaks,

Cahfornia, as president. Members of the board are, Mr. Conkling,

Howard J. Stoddard, Isaac M. Stewart, Arch L. Madsen, J. Willard

Marriott, David M. Kennedy, and Lee S. Bickmore.

U Thegeneralappointmentboard of theof Mrs.YWMIAJoycewasO. Evansannounced.as a member of the

At the time of her appointment to the YWMIA general board

Mrs. Evans was teaching Primary in the Ensign Ward, Ensign ( Salt

Lake City) Stake. In past years she has served as a teacher and

as a counselor in the presidency of a ward YWMIA. She has

assisted in preparing the Beehive manual for the general board.

Her husband is Dr. Sears J. Evans, and they have five children.

She is assigned to the Beehive committee of the general board.

San Diego South (California) Stake organized from parts of

San Diego East Stake, with President Cecil Ivan Burningham, formerly president of San Diego East Stake, sustained as president.

His counselors are Elders George R. Bascom and Joseph W.

Brooks. The stake, number 360 now in the Church, was organized

under the direction of Elder Spencer W. Kimball of the Council

A wonderful new ofof thethe TwelveSeventy.and President S. Dilworth Young of the First Council

way to live Elder John Clifford Wallace sustained as president of San Diego

East Stake succeeding President Cecil Ivan Burningham. New

counselors are Elders James Arvil Jesperson and Clive Vorris

Tenney. President Wallace was serving as second counselor to

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. PresidentPrice, who Burninghamwas serving inas firstthe counselor,stake presidency.was released.Elder David S.

Buy now from your dealer Elder Jewel A. Pope sustained as president of Kansas City

(MissouriKansas) Stake succeeding President Martin V. Witbeck,

deceased. Counselors are Elders Christian Follet Sanders and

Wayne L. Reeve. Both President Pope and Elder Sanders were

serving as counselors to the late President Witbeck.

Elders Clayton K. Call and James D. Packer were sustained as

counselors to President Arthur J. Godfrey of San Luis Obispo

(California) Stake, succeeding Elders David K. Bickmore and

Harold E. Livingston.

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

William Noble Waite as president of a new mission in Great

Britain which will include part of the Scottish and North British

Missions. The name of the mission will be announced later. At

the time of his call, President Waite was assistant to the president of Brigham Young University and was serving as president of

Brigham Young Third Stake. Prior to his assignment at BYU

President Waite had been president of the South Los Angeles (California) Stake for eleven years, and as such headed a committee to raise funds among southern California members for the construction of the Los Angeles Temple. He has served as a branch

president, as a member of a bishopric, as a stake YMMIA superintendent, and as a member of a high council. His wife, Mrs. June

Class begins ANYTIME coupleH. Waite,havewillfive accompanysons and seventeenhim to grandchildren.the mission assignment. The

with Elder Dean A. Peterson sustained as president of Brigham

HOME STUDY NobleYoungWaite,Universityrecently calledThirdas Stakea missionsucceedingpresident.PresidentElders WilliamFred A.

Schwendiman and A. Harold Goodman sustained as counselors.

Please send free Both President Peterson and Elder Schwendiman were serving counselors to President Waite. HOME STUDY as

catalog to: NOVEMBER 1962

NAME.

ADDRESS. Elder Kefford M. Peek sustained as president of South Ogden

( Utah ) Stake succeeding President ( Continued on page 49 CITY.STATE.

to: HOME STUDY

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY, PROVO.UTAH

REPRINTED BY POPULAR DEMAND!

1. Masterful Discourses and Writings

of Orson Pratt Xompiled by N. B. Lundwall

0iasterful made available again this month, and will urse! be avidly sought after by a whole new disoo

generation of Church members.

Compiler Lundwall has arranged the material j-itiHi under seven main sections: discussions on

The Ministry; Historical (which includes a

sermon recollecting personal reminiscences of the Prophet Joseph Smith); Diety, and

The Holy Priesthood; Redemption of Zion

and of the Earth; Modern Epistles (special

letters to groups of Saints gathered in

various localities); Sacred Records;

and Gospel Themes.

Price: $4.00

OTHER CHOICE BOOKS FOR WINTER READINO

|j?&-

'begins HIS

tiattk of MOtW"

:mm;:

wiu&tc c. m

3. Prophecy, Key to the Future JOSEPH SMITH BEGINS HIS WORK

2. The House of the Lord By Duane Crowther By Wilford 0. Wood

By James E. Talmage A knowledge of the future as revealed by 4. Vol. I Exact photo reproduction of

Out of print for years, this much soughtancient and modern prophets. An intensefirst edition Book of Mormon from the

after volume is available once again. ly fascinating book which goes into great original plates of E. G. Grandin. $5.95

Few outof-print books of our time are detail, interpreting and explaining each 5. Vol. II Exact photo reproductions of

so sought after or s(J much quoted as facet of prophecy by drawing on a vast first editions of the Book of Commandthis authoritative volume on modern reservoir of statements by various ments, Doctrine and Covenants, Lectures temple ordinances. $3.50 prophets. $3.95 on Faith, and the 14 Articles of Faith.

$5.95

Please send the following circled books for which I enclose

Bookcraft check or money order for $ 3 4 5 1186 South Main St. 12

Salt Lake City, Utah Name Address City Zone. State

JANUARY 1963 YOUR SALT LAKE OPTICAL HEADQUARTERS Questions, Answers and EYEGLASSES CONTACT LENSES "KnowHow"ARTIFICIAL EYES THESE TIMES By Dr. G. Homer Durham

HEARING AIDS President, Arizona State University, Tempe

ANNOUNCING 4 LOCATIONS Now in Murray 4792 South State i 4* Reported OSt**''Irw Shooting ilh mt'dium"and uifa*"'—OPTICAL SHOP "r mli ifii'l??-iiiitiiratig-e

420 Boston BIdg.

368 East First South 1062 East 2100 South EM 3-5262 Salt Lake City, Utah orhit a Bi* So

Nearly a hundred years ago Victor jamin Franklin in the eighteenthWHEAT MILL

ONLY Hugo said, "In the Twentieth Cencentury, and such as Hugo in the tury war will be dead, frontier nineteenth century, few national $695 boundaries will be dead, dogmas scientific, literary, or political figures

POSTPAID will be dead; man will live. He will are talking much about being citiANYWHERE

IN THE possess something higher than all zens of "a great country, the whole

UNITED STATES these—a great country, the whole earth."

or Cracks grinds earth, and a great hope, the whole In October 1835, in an obscure wheat, corn and all kindj of hard heaven."village of North America in Ohio,

ORDER l'/2or softlbs. pergrains,min. Hugo, thought by some to be the Joseph Smith said: "Call upon the

BY MAIL greatest writer France has produced, Lord, that his kingdom may go forth GUARANTEED was in born in 1802, 1885. died the earth that the Takupon kingdom

. SPECIAL PRICES TO LDS GROUPS ing.."slice any in this of time decade of heaven may. come,.. (D&C

PEHRSON HARDWARE evidenceof the twentiethwould indicatecentury,thatsuperficialthought "What65:5-6.) will Brighambe the finalYoungresult ofsaid:the

21 15 So, nth East, Salt Lake Cit such as Hugo's was wide of the restoration of the Gospel... the

mark. War seems to be mankind's Gospel will revolutionize the whole

biggest and most absorbing underworld of mankind; the earth will be

taking, consuming the finest enersanctified, and God will glorify gies, sciences, material production. it...."{Discourses, p. 671, 1935

Rather than being dead, frontier edition. ) Yet Brigham thought "there

boundaries seem more vital than will be as many sects and parties ever, with nationalism prevalent. then as now."John Taylor asked in

Worship of the state and its symbols, 1852, "What will be the ejGFects of superficially at least, are more apthe establishment of Christ's kingparent than worship of God or even dom.,.?"His answer on that ocTEMPLE to INVITATIONS WEDDING compliattention to the family. apcasion was: "It is the Dogmas doing away

ment your temple L.D.S. marriage. temple to flourish: in pear socialwith war, bloodshed, communism, misery, disease, which marriage takes relief place embossed

while on vellum folders. printed, Custom 100 ism, neutralism, Americanism, the ushering and and sin, and in of a

57.95. styles Other ONLY as low $5.95 as for its equivalent themes of native to every peace, kingdom righteousness, 100. different designs. 50 Some Also Mormon

wedding albums, other accessories. Rush orland and clime. Contrary to Benjustice, happiness, and prosperity."

ders completed received. same day Money

back guarantee. For FREE CATALOG and samples write Dept. E, REXCRAFT, Rexborg, Ida.

(Catalog sent airmail if 2Sc enclosed.)

THE IMPROVEMENT EFiA FACT: THE LOWEST

PRICE BUYS YOU THE BEST BECAUSE

IT'S SAMSONITE When it comes to folding chairs, nobody has to settle for second best. You

can have Bonderized tubular steel Samsonite seating without paying a single cent more than you'd pay for any comparable brand. And that low price

buys you the quality and durability of the most famous folding chairs of all. In

fact, Samsonite is the original standard construction for institutional seating—that's the kind of reputation you can buy at the lowest price in the field.

How bring glory to God in the Find tt Fasr

In Th.highest earth, on and peace and Yellow Pagesgoodwill among men? The bound

of thisvolumes rnagazine for the SamsoniteALLSTEEL price For information, and delivery FOLDINGsee your Yellow CHAIRS"ChairsFolding"Pages underpast sixtyfive years are insufficient write or Institutional Bros., Div., Seating toShwayder Dept. Detroit 29, Mich. IE13

to print all the answers that have See Samsonite Folding Furniture on "Championship Bridge,"starring Charles Goren, Consult your local newspaper for time and station.

been made to these questions. Each

individual, each human associatior must answer for itself. May we use

Victor Hugo's sentences as a device to appraise the nature and prospects of some of the answers that seem current?

The twentieth century is nearly twothirds gone. As the world

moves towards the last third, the voices of idealism seem to have become fainter. In former years

many, with Tennyson, would dip "into the future, far as human eye could see,

Saw the Vision of the world, and all the wonder that would be;

Saw the heavens fill with commerce, argosies of magic sails, Pilots of the purple twilight, dropping down with costly bales;

Heard the heavens fill with shouting, and there rained a ghastly dew

From the nations'airy navies grappling in the central blue;

Far along the worldwide whisper of the southwind rushing warm,

With the standards of the peoples plunging through the thunderstorm;

Till the war drum throbbed no longer, and the battle flags were furled In the Parliament of man, the Federation of the world.

There the common sense of most (Continued on page 44)

JANUARY!963

Letters and Reports

FROM BRAZIL a thorough analysis of the issues, devoid of NEW MEMBER LIKES ERA any emotionalism and sentimentality. I

We have enjoyed the Era for many years liked particularly Dr. Durham's setting this I have wanted to write and teU you

here in our small branch, and feel we subject in its proper perspective as exhow much I appreciate the excellent work must let you know of our sincere apprepressed in the last three paragraphs. you're doing with The Improvement Era.

ciation for the wonderful magazine you It is indeed heartening to think that to- I am an invalid, and I spend a lot of time are publishing. day and in years to come we can always in the hospital. I am a very new member

We have requested the picture "Peace turn back to this calm, dispassionate, and of the Church. The elders give me the

Be Still"to be placed here in our branch. reassuring presentation of this historical Era to read. Because of this there have

Thank you again for the work you are decision—something which we sorely been times when the nurses have taken

doing. missed in most of the comments in the the book to look through. They have

Your brother, public press, been so impressed that they wanted to

Elder Keams W, Lawson I like to think that our Heavenly Father know all about our Church and the

Rio Grande de Sul, Brazil is well pleased with our wonderful magamagazine.

zine and the kind of service it renders to By reading the Era and receiving the

VO[CE OF THE CHURCH his children, Sincerely yours, inspirationalsel from the thoughtsAuthorities,and itwordshas ofmadecounit

Max B. Zimmer easier to live the standards of our Church.

Every Era subscriber can be proud that he Bountiful, Utah The Era has helped me stay on the right has the opportunity to be a part of one path. I always look forward to reading

of the "great voices of the Church."For the new issues.

the person who does not have the advanOUTSTANDING RECORD Sincerely your sister, tage of attending conference, the Era gives Lorraine Evans him the inspirational messages given forth For seven years Wembley, Western Australia by the General Authorities. Floyd G. Waters,

Only a glance at this wonderful magaShelley Fourth zine reveals that much hard work and Ward, Shelley ERA FOR ALL TEENS good judgment have gone into the making (Idaho) Stake, has of a publication worthy of the highest had a perfect at- I do not get the Era like I used to—my

praise of members and nonmembers of the tendance record younger (eightteener) girl gets it first

Church. The articles on the Canadian at his Sacrament, since the Youth Section was added. But

and the St. George temples were thorpriesthood, and I am not complaining about being second

oughly enjoyed, and I look forward to MIA meetings. He reader. When I do read it, it is quite

another twelve months of inspirational and is an Eagle Scout evident why Diane likes the Era now.

informative reading. and holds the Duty to God award. A splendid LDS publication for many

May our Heavenly Father continue to years, the Era now has increased in stature.

bless you in your efforts. Congratulations!

Sincerely yours, J. Sedley Stanford

L. Collins Charles

Colorado Logan, Utah Buena Vista,

LAUDS THESE TIMES P.S. The Era and the Deseret News:

Clean smelling papers. No liquor, no

For a long time I have enjoyed Dr. Dursmoke!

ham's very interesting and thorough reports under "These Times".... But what

urges me to write is the September issue, ENJOYS ERA "The State, Prayer, and the Public Schools."

It was entirely proper and expected that Please renew our subscription to The on this much misunderstood and emotionTOP SWIMMERS Improvement Era for one year. It conally confused decision our Church should tains such a priceless fund of knowledge

not add a statement of its position to the Post 82, North Platte Branch, Western and certainly helps greatly in keeping us, many declarations proclaimed by the other States Mission, entered four of the live who are comparatively isolated, in muchfaiths. Nevertheless, we somehow looked members that make up the post in the needed touch with the printed word of

to the Church for some expression of annual swim meet of the Buffalo Bill Disthose who can and do give us spiritual guidance and counsel. Brother Durham trict, Nebraska, and won the meet's first enlightenment.

and the Era have indeed done a great place honors. The second place winners We are truly grateful to have access to

service to the membership of the Church had a team of 24 swimmers. this superb publication.

by presenting very clearly, in the usual Team members are (1-r): Lowell Lile, Sincerely yours,

excellent style, the facts, the motivation John Chambers, Robert Carter, and Wesley John R. Topol

of the Court, the future consequences, and Pell.

lO THE IMPROVEMENT ERA If you care about what

.. your family reads

Take the step now which will provide an adequate, wholesome library.

Children will read what you provide.

Wouldn't you like to be sure, before you buy,

Yours FREE for joining that the books you and your family read are

LDS Books Club now! wholesome, morally sound, and of true literary merit?

Books selected by LDS Books Club are the finest in Church literature. Every one is

interesting, inspiring, and worthwhile. Each

month you receive reviews of all the newest and choicest LDS Books on the market. This

service is free. You select only the books you

want. As few as one book each three months

keeps your membership active. With every

4 books you select, you receive a 5th book of your choice free of charge. Join now. Join

the crusade for wholesome literature.

I $3.95 Value

Choose your first book from any of the fine volumes:

I Illustrated Book of Mormon The Upward Reach 40 Years Among the Indians 34 pages in full color By Sterling W. Sill By Daniel Jones

12 famous Friberg paintings $3.50 $3.75

Full color pictures of Ancient American ruins HouseBy Jamesof theE. TalmageLord 2ndOliverElderCowdery,& Scribe

7"X 11"with hard covers $3.50 By Stanley Gunn

$3.50 Carpet Red n The Myth Makers Taft By Ezra ALTERNATE BONUS BOOKS IF YOU PREFER: Benson n The

$3.50 By Hugh Nibley

$3.50 BRIGHAM YOUNG for Patterns

First The Years 2000 Living n E. Petersen Mark Burt By By Olive Cleon By W. Skousen

$2.95 Value $3.50 $3.95

n Bible Stories for Young Book of Mormon Stories

OUR LEADERS $3.25Latterday Saints for$3.25Young Latterday Saints

SPEAK Sermons by LDS Family Books Club Inc.

Church Leaders P. 0. 'Box 400, Salt Lake City 10, Utah

delivered at Please send me as my first bonus book, the one checked here:

BYU Illustrated Book of Mormon Brigham Young

Our Leaders Speak Q Greater Dividends $2.95 Value

Enroll me as a member and start sending me the monthly review so I can decide whether or not I want the choice

GREATER DIVIDENDS book described. My first club selection is checked above,

:... I need only 3 addibuy

reyear to fulfill FROM RELIGION fortionalwhichbooksI encloseduring $the membership my

By Gerrit DeJong quirements. For each additional 4 books I accept after this

newmember offer, I will receive a valuable Bonus Book FREE.

Name:

Address City Zone State.

I CLUB, LDS INC BOOKS p. O. BOX SALT LAKE CITY 10, 400 1188 SOUTH MAIN UTAH I

JANUARY 1963 11 Count These Blessings

%k.

'j. -"fc t

jSB THE EDITOR'S PAGE BY PRESIDENT DAVrD O, McKAY

As the New Year comes (how the time does temporary in the home of a true member of fly) look to yourself and count your blessmgs the Church. There is no element of transiand keep confidence in your God and in your toriness in the family relationship of such a

fellow man. home. To a faithful member of the Church,

A great source of joy within your reach is the family is truly the cellunit of society; and

the proper evaluation of blessings. Next to parenthood is next to Godhood.

life itself, health is one of the greatest blessings Oh, I praise God for the instructions he has that can come to you, a blessing that money given his people regarding the sacredness, the cannot buy. If you have it, thank the Lord sanctity, and permanence of the family relanight and morning that he has given it to you. tionship. Let us impress these instructions

In addition to this he has given you ability upon our children.

to appreciate this glorious gospel, the sunshine, Finally, you have the opportunity for assothe voice of nature speaking to you. Do you ciation with others, an everpresent condition

open your eyes and see it—our own blessed of happiness. If you affiliate with your quorum

environment, the products of our own labor, the and other organizations, meeting regularly with flowers blooming, the sunsets, the rains, and the your fellow men, you will know what that bounteous harvests and the snows in the seabrotherhood is. You have there the realization

sons appointed, and above all the realization that even if death should come, you have the that we are living in God's world and that he assurance that death is not victorious but has is the Creator of it? If you stop to think, you been overcome in the resurrection of our Lord

still have the power and ability to appreciate Jesus Christ. Count these blessings. They are

things which no one can take from you. within the reach of every soul, no matter how

No greater gift or blessing can come to man humble or how great.

in this life than a knowledge that God lives, There are signposts along life's highway that Jesus is the Savior of the world, and that which, if followed, will lead any person to do these two Personages did actually appear to the the Lord's will, to know his Son, the Redeemer

Prophet Joseph and restore, through him, the of the world, to know whom is indeed eternal gospel of Jesus Christ. life. And while we are gaining this great

There is something else which we sometimes knowledge which leads to immortality, we find do not properly evaluate. That is our family. the greatest joy in mortality that can be

Our family ties are eternal. There is nothing experienced by the human soul.

INTELLIGENCES

AND ETERNAL LIFE

QUESTION: "Within the Church we in the Pearl of Great Price, in the

are taught that there was life before hook of Moses, it states that God mortality and that there will he a created animals and all life here on life hereafter. Also that before we the earth for the purpose of man,were spirits we were 'intelligences'YOUR and it is for this life only. This has

The scriptures declare that we are bothered me, for while 'intellialso 'begotten sons and daughters gences'were neither made norunto God'in the spirit ( D&C 76:24 ) QUEScreated and therefore cannot be

and Paul speaking to the Greeks destroyed, I have wondered why declared that we are the 'offspring animals were created for this lifeof God'and ought not to think of TION only. Is not the difference between

the Godhead as gold, silver, or stone man and animals a matter of degraven by the art of man's device. gree of intelligence, just as the

difference between man and GodWe are also told that 'intelligences ANSWERED BY have always existed and can neither is? Why then should animals be

he created nor destroyed. Moreover for this life only?"JOSEPH

were revealed to us. The Lord exANSWER: First let us consider the FIELDING

question of intelligences. There are pects us to spend our time premany things that the Lord, for a paring for eternity, and he haswise purpose, has not revealed to SMITH given us his laws and will reveal to

mortal man, evidently because in PRESIDENT OF us line on line as we study, all mortality man is unable to compreTHE COUNCIL things that are essential for our for salvation in hishend them. In The Vrogress of Man, OF THE TWELVE preparation

by Joseph Fielding Smith, page celestial kingdom. It is the duty

eleven, the following is quoted: of the children of men to seek out

"'Man was also in the beginning with God. Intelliand obey the fundamental truths and ordinances of

gence, or the light of truth, was not created nor made, the gospel which are made known. A little child

neither indeed can be. * * * For man is spirit. The commences its motivation by creeping on the floor.

elements are eternal, and spirit and element, inThen a step or two holding on to a chair or other separably connected, receive a fulness of joy; and object and eventually it gains power and confidence to

when separated, man cannot receive a fulness of move short distances to the waiting hands of its joy.'[D&C 93:3334.] mother. Thus step by step it becomes strong. We

"Some of our writers have endeavored to explain may be compared to this little child. We gain knowlwhat an intelligence is, but to do so is futile, for we edge, wisdom, and power to act by observation, study,

have never been given any insight into this matter and practice of correct principles. Too many membeyond what the Lord has fragmentarily revealed. We bers of the Church expect the Lord to make known

know, however, that there is something called intellito them his purposes, to reveal knowledge, to give gence which always existed. It is the real eternal them wisdom, without their putting forth any physical,

part of man, which was not created nor made. This mental, or prayerful effort. Knowledge, like any

intelligence combined with the spirit constitutes a thing else worthwhile, comes to the individual through spiritual identity or individual."his study and practice. The words of Alma declared

There are so many things in the gospel which are to Zeezrom should be an incentive to every seeker essential for us to know and observe, that we need after truth. It is as follows:

not bother about the mysteries which have never been "It is given unto many to know the mysteries of revealed. There are many things that we will know God; nevertheless they are laid under a strict comwhen we receive the resurrection and attain to the mand that they shall not impart only according to

glories of the kingdom of our Eternal Father, which the portion of his word which he doth grant unto the we cannot understand in this mortal state even if they children of men, according to the heed and diligence

14 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA which they give unto him. grow every tree, naturally, that is pleasant to the sight

"And therefore, he that will harden his heart, the of man; and man could behold it. And it became also

same receiveth the lesser portion of the word; and he a living soul. For it was spiritual in the day that I

that will not harden his heart, to him is given the created it; for it remaineth in the sphere in which I,

greater portion of the word, until it is given unto God, created it, yea, even all things which I prepared him to know the mysteries of God until he know for the use of man; and man saw that it was good for

them in full. * food. And I, the Lord God, planted the tree of life

"And they that will harden their hearts, to them is also in the midst of the garden, and also the tree of given the lesser portion of the word until they know knowledge of good and evil."(Ibid., 3:9.)

nothing concerning his mysteries; and then they are Since all creatures and the plants and trees of the

taken captive by the devil, and led by his will down earth were created spiritually, we discover that not to destruction. Now this is what is meant by the only man is entitled to the resurrection but every other

chains of hell."(Alma 12:9-11.) living thing that sufl:ered the fall through Adam's

Now: as to the second question: transgression. We read in the Doctrine and Cove-

A careful reading of the first chapter of Genesis, nants, section 77, the following in answer put to the and the third chapter of Moses in the Pearl of Great Prophet Joseph Smith:

Price, will show that the animals were all created and "Q. What are we to understand by the four beasts,

placed on the earth preceding the coming of Adam spoken of in the same verse [Rev. 4:6.]?

and Eve. In fact the whole earth and the creatures "A. They are figurative expressions, used by the

on it were prepared for Adam and Eve before Adam's Revelator, John, in describing heaven, the paradise of fall. In that condition the earth and all upon it were God, the happiness of man, and of beasts, and of

not subject to death until Adam fell. When Adam and creeping things, and of the fowls of the air; that

Eve partook of the fruit of the tree of knowledge of which is spiritual being in the likeness of that which good and evil, the same judgment was placed on the is temporal; and that which is temporal in the likeness

earth and all things upon it. Therefore every living of that which is spiritual; the spirit of man in the likething, including the earth itself, partook of the same ness of his person, as also the spirit of the beast, and

condition of mortality. Therefore every living thing, every other creature which God has created."

including the earth itself, is entitled to death and the (D&C 77:2.)

resurrection. There is nothing in the book of Moses Also in section 29, verses 2226 in the Doctrine and

that in any way indicates a condition to the contrary. Covenants, we find the following:

We read in the book of Moses the following: "And again, verily, verily, I say unto you that when

"And now, behold, I say unto you, that these are the thousand years are ended, and men again begin the generations of the heaven and of the earth, when to deny their God, then will I spare the earth but they were created, in the day that I, the Lord God, for a little season;

made the heaven and the earth; "And the end shall come, and the heaven and the

"And every plant of the field before it was in the earth shall be consumed and pass away, and there earth, and every herb of the field before it grew. For shall be a new heaven and a new earth.

I, the Lord God, created all things, of which I have "For all old things shall pass away, and all things spoken, spiritually, before they were naturally upon shall become new, even the heaven and the earth, the face of the earth. For I, the Lord God, had not and all the fulness thereof, both men and beasts, the

caused it to rain upon the face of the earth. And I, fowls of the air, and the fishes of the sea;

the Lord God, had created all the children of men; "And not one hair, neither mote, shall be lost, for it

and not yet a man to till the ground; for in heaven is the workmanship of mine hand.

created I them; and there was not yet flesh upon the "But, behold, verily I say unto you, before the earth

earth, neither in the water, neither in the air."shall pass away, Michael, mine archangel, shall sound

(Moses 3:4-5.) his trump, and then shall all the dead awake, for

In the ninth verse of this same chapter the Lord their graves shall be opened, and they shall come declares: forthyea, even all."(D&C 29:2226.)

"And out of the ground made I, the Lord God, to So we learn that this (Continued on page 64)

JANUARY 1963 IS Nathan Eldon Tanner of

Nathan Eldon Tanner as president of the TransCanada Pipelines, Ltd., speaking at the trunkline

opening ceremonies, July 23, 1957.

the Council of the Twelve

r)r> "We can only stretch time by stretching ourselves.

BY RICHARD L. EVANS OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE AND DOYLE L. GREEN, MANAGING EDITOR

The above sentence—"We can only stretch time by stretching ourselves"

vias written for a Sunday morning broadcast of the Tabernacle Choir some weeks ago. We recall it here in context with the life of Nathan

Eldon Tanner because of a feeling he has expressed concerning himself:—that his life has been largely a series of assignments for which

he didn't feel fully prepared—each one of which has caused him to

reach beyond himself. It \s by such reaching that we grow—by having

to exceed our past selves.

It would seem that we are not always chosen only for what we are, but partly for what others know or believe we can become. And this

man who has received the most recent call to the Council of the

Twelve, and who began life in what today would be considered poverty, and under primitive pioneering conditions, has reached—and reached—

with the help of loved ones, friends, and his Father in heaven, and by his own earnest efforts also, to become increasingly what he has reached for. This, in some essentials, characterizes the life of Eldon Tanner,

and what follows from it is largely biographical detail. Eldon Tanner

would have succeeded wherever he was born, wherever he went.

His family has produced staunch members of the Church for six generations. John Tanner, his paternal greatgrandfather, was a

close associate of the Prophet Joseph Smith. James S. Brown, his

maternal greatgrandfather, was a member of the Mormon Battalion and one of the very first settlers of Ogden, Utah.

Brother Tanner himself well knows through firsthand experience the rigors of pioneer life. His mother and father, Edna Brown and

Nathan William Tanner, soon after they were married in the Salt

Lake Temple, migrated to a small Latterday Saint colony in southern

Alberta, Canada. This was a six weeks'journey by covered wagon,

and when they arrived, they were so short on funds that they were forced to sell their team of horses in order to buy necessities.

In partnership with a brother, Eldon's father took up a homestead and made a oneroom dugout in the side of a hill. This became their

home. Logs were used for the side walls and front. One wall was

the hill. The roof was of sod, and the floor was dirt. It was in this

home where the family was living when the time drew near for their

Edna Broum Tanner and infant son, Nathan Eldon.

Nathan at the age of four.

As a young man of eighteen.

JANUARY 1963 Left top: N. E. Tanner, left, being sworn in as Minister'of Lands and Forests and Minister of Mines and Minerals in the Alberta government, midnight, March 31, 194-9.

Observing are, left to right, Mr. E. C. Manning, Premier of Alberta, Mr. J. C. Bowen,

Lt. Governor: Mr. R. A. Andison, clerk of the legislative assembly and of the executive

council is administering the oath. Left, bottom: Elder Tanner with three of his grandsons,

Merrill Walker, Jack Walker, and Jim Jenson, 1960. Center top: With Mr. E. C. Manning, Premier of Alberta, Elder Tanner and others inspect drilling rig in the Turner Valley.

Center bottom: Elder Tanner and Princess Elizabeth on the occasion of her visit to Calgary

in Noveinber 1951. Far right: Elder Tanner, second from the left, as president of the

TransCanada Pipelines, Ltd., accepts a check for more than $81,000,000 representing monies

invested by Canadians in the pipeline, from Mr. A. D. Nesbitt. This is reported to be

the largest check ever issued in Canada.

first child to be born. But because there

were no doctors in the area, and because she wanted her son to be born "back home,"Eldon's mother returned to Salt Lake City by wagon and train, where Eldon was born May 9, 1898. The

mother returned to Canada when young

Eldon was six weeks old, and the family continued to live in the dugout until they were able to build a tworoom house with an attic.

Eldon's childhood was happy but filled with innumerable responsibilities.

Ranch life, especially in those days, was hard, and boys early became men. He

learned to ride a horse while still very young, and being the oldest boy in the family, he was charged with much responsibility for his younger brothers and sisters.

When Eldon was but a small lad, smallpox afflicted the entire family except Eldon and one younger brother.

No help came from the neighbors, as they were afraid of this fearful disease.

Young Eldon cared for the family, night and day, until all recovered.

By the time Eldon was twelve, he was driving a fourhorse team, hauling grain to the elevators over deeply rutted roads, often through rain and snow, and not infrequently finding his wagon mired in the mud.

He has always been known to tackle forthrightly whatever job was at handno matter how difficult.

Grain harvesting and other farm work frequently interrupted his schooling. But

despite the fact that his services were sorely needed on the farm, Eldon and his parents were determined that he

18 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Even though the other paid a higher salary, he made his decision on church considerations, and so without experience, he became principal of a three room school at Hill Spring.

It was at Hill Spring where he fell in love with one of the teachers, Sara Merrill, who later became his wife—a fortunate day for him and for her. They

were married December 20, 1919. During the dedication services of the Alberta Temple, Canada, which

were held from August 26 through August 29, 1923,should have an education, so, after finishing nine among those who received their endowments weregrades in the Httle town of Etna, he first attended

Nathan Eldon and Sarah Isabelle Merrill Tanner.high school in Cardston and then went to the Knight

Academy in Raymond and later to the Calgary Normal There was no high school when he arrived in Hill

School. To help earn his way he batched part of Spring, so he added a year of high school each year

the time, worked in a butcher shop, a slaughter yard, until a full high school course was established. And

and did other tasks. each year all of his class passed the government examWhen he was graduated at twenty years of age inations. He introduced boxing, wrestling, and basketfrom Normal School in 1919, he was offered two ball as extracurricular activities, and his services were

teaching jobs: one at Hill Spring and the other at sought in counseling on the problems of young people.

Rocky Ford. He became scoutmaster, trained cadets, acted as dance

director, and was called upon to use his talents in many ways.

While at Hill Spring he also served as health officer and constable and took a most active part in public affairs. He also continued his own education at

summer school, and he engaged in many "offhour"activities to help finance his young family, including the operation of a small farm.

Some of these early teaching years were depression years, and schoolteachers were poorly paid, hence one year they received notes instead of money. It

was at this time that Brother Tanner began running a general store in Hill Spring, making his down payment with their only "negotiable"possession, a fairly new Ford car. This store handled a general line

from farm machinery to pins. Finally Brother Tanner

gave up teaching and ran the store and the post office, during which time he did his own freighting by night from Lethbridge, sixty miles away, and from

Cardston, twenty miles.

The store made the family a living but didn't give

them the opportunities for service and growth that they desired, so they sold out with the idea of his going to the university to study law. However, after

all debts were paid, his funds were very limited, therefore, the family moved to Cardston, where Elder

Tanner accepted a position as a high school teacher beginning in January 1929. The following year he

became principal of the public school, which position he held until 1935. During these years he had to

supplement his teaching salary by selling suits and insurance and engaging in other activities.

In 1935 a new political party was gaining momentum in the Province of Alberta. Brother Tanner had no

interest in running for political office but, after much persuasion, became a candidate and was elected to

Elder and Sister Tanner and their young daughters the legislature on the social credit party ticket in 1927.in From left to right the children are, Ruth, Beth, September 1935, was named speaker of the legislature. Isabel.Zola, and

TTf"'!"

The most recent picture of the Nathan Eldon Tanner By 1943 the Tanner girls were young women. Here

family. The daughters are standing, left to right, Mrs. are shown, left to right, Zola, Helen, SistoTanner,

W. S. Jenson (Isabel); Mrs. C. R. Walker (Ruth); Mrs. Brother Tanner, Beth, Isabel, and Ruth.

H. S. Rhodes (Zola); Mrs. G. L. Spackman (Beth); and

Mrs. L. Williams (Helen).

20 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and served in that position beginning in 1936. InasCommittee and chairman of the research council for

much as he had never attended a session of the legisthe Province of Alberta, and he was chosen to head a lature, he spent some exceedingly busy weeks committee representing the dominion and provincial acquainting himself with parliamentary procedure. governments to go to Great Britain in the interest of

During this period, as has been true on many other the oil and natural gas developments in Canada.

occasions in his life, he was forced to reach far beyond He served in this position until September of 1952 his past experience to prepare for the challenging when, feeling that the work he had been asked to do responsibility that had come to him. was completed, he resigned.

In December of that same year the provincial His rapid rise in public office and in private opporpremier, Mr. Aberhart, called him at 10:30 one night tunities resulted not only from his ability but because

and asked him to become a member of the provincial of the quality of integrity that became synonymous government cabinet. He advised the premier that with his name.

he was happy where he was and had no ambition to He was active in scouting many years, becoming be in the cabinet, but after repeated requests, and a member of the provincial Scout committee and being encouraged by trusted friends. Elder Tanner finally provincial Scout commissioner. As a result

accepted the cabinet assignment and became minister of his long and faithful service and the responsible of lands and mines, to administer the natural resources positions he held, he was awarded the Silver Acorn of the vast mineral and oil rich province of Alberta—and Silver Wolf awards, the latter being the highest

again in a field for which he had little or no honor that can be given a scouter in Canada.

prior preparation. Through these many activities Elder Tanner became

And so following the bringing in of Alberta's first acquainted with and earned the respect of influential oil well, Brother Tanner started immediately to organmen and women of Canada and of England. He and

ize a conservation program. He visited the oil states Sister Tanner on one occasion were invited to dine

of the United States, studied their systems, and spent with King George VI and Queen Elizabeth in Edmonuncounted hours and days in conference with trained ton. On another occasion they had the pleasure of

men as well as in travel, and later introduced legisladining with Queen Elizabeth.

tion which has become the pattern for other Canadian They had previously met Princess Elizabeth before provinces and other countries also, and which helped she became queen and had reviewed the Scouts in to make Alberta the only Canadian province free of southern Alberta with her. Lord Row Allen, head of

public debt. all scouting in the British commonwealth, also spent

In 1949, he was invited by the government of several days with Elder Tanner in Alberta.

Barbados to go to that country and help it prepare While on the government assignment in England, oil and gas legislation, which invitation he accepted. he spent some time with the Duke of Windsor. He

He spent a full month in that country helping with has met on a number of occasions with Lord Beavertheir legislative program. brook and other high government officials.

In Alberta he also introduced new grazing regulaAfter leaving government service. Brother Tanner

tions, and under his administration the general forest moved his family to Calgary to become president of policies were greatly improved. He spent eight years Merrill Petroleums of Canada, a newly formed oil

of strenuous work in getting the Eastern Rockies company which, under his leadership, became an imForest Conservation Board established. He also pressively successful venture. It was while he was

served as chairman of the Postwar Rehabilitation serving as president {Continued on page 39)

JANUARY 1963 21

It WM in*'

tv. >l

:3i?

Pi.Vs Y*

''"'i, w if.

BY BERNARD SABATH

For eight weeks during the severest of the midwestern Ray nodded. "And I've been thinking, I want to

winter, Ray Burke lay in the hospital with an illness teach you to drive the car, Eleanor."

the doctors failed to diagnose. For over fifty years Alarm leaped into her eyes, but she immediately

he had been in fine health, with nothing more serious masked it beneath her smile. "The bus is so conventhan a winter cold. Until this illness he'd been a large, ient,"she reminded him, "practically at our back

active man, booming with life and enthusiasm and door. And when we go anywhere in the evening, you

ambition. Then, suddenly, the unexplainable weakdo the driving."

ness and fatigue; hospitalization and tests; and a per- "I understand,"he said, with a level gaze. "And

sisting mystery. so do you, darling."

Afternoons, Ray's pretty wife Eleanor came to the When he came home from the hospital in early hospital by bus or taxicab—she didn't drive a carApril, his strength was returning slowly, as mysteribringing cheerfulness and charm and whatever letters ously as it had gone. He lost no time in arranging

came from their four adult children. for his business partner to take over most of the

Ray would sit up in his hospital bed, pale and responsibility; and with a good part of his resources,

handsome, but suddenly grayhaired, and he would he purchased a small, fourapartment building which remark humorously that many people turned premawould be a good income property after the mortgage turely gray, but that he had been perverse and turned was paid.

gray belatedly. Eleanor, smiling as though fear and Then he had a gift made for Eleanor.

worry had not touched her, would remark, "You are He presented her with the small box over dessert the mystery patient, just as Dr. Jonah said."one evening. She undid the wrapping slowly. "What

After they had consoled each other with a display on earth?"Then she drew out a set of gold car

of laughter and good spirits, they would discuss the keys. "Just what I've always wanted,"she murfuture. Dr. Jonah had ordered retirement, and Ray mured humorously. But her smile was too deliberate.

said he rather liked the idea. "I'll paint and fix things "And I'll start giving you driving lessons tomorrow

around the house. I'll take care of screens and storm morning,"Ray declared.

windows. And I'll putter."He grinned. "I've never "You're full of little surprises,"she said brightly.

known the meaning of the word.""But, darling, isn't it too soon for you to start in-

"Something else,"Eleanor said lightly. "I'm going structing? We don't need to rush this."

to teach you to cook a few things—those you like "I feel fine—fine enough,"Ray replied. "We'll take

best."He studied her quizzically, and she shifted a it slowly. If I'm tired after half an hour, we'll quit."

little awkwardly. "I got the idea last year, when I had "All right,"she agreed. But during the evening she

that day in the hospital, that silly little false alarm. I saw a newspaper ad and decided she must go downwant to teach you to cook."town first thing in the {Continued on page 46)

JANUARY 1963 23

r

Exploring Specialties

BY WILLIAM B. SMART

CHAIRMAN, EXPLORER COMMITTEE YMMIA GENERAL BOARD

Opposite: East Mill Creek Stake Explorer's

use theh'specialty of mountain climbing in doing rescue work.

"Our typical youth will settle for low success rather knew. They're stalking deer and bringing them down

than risk high failure. He has little spirit of adven- \vith bows and arrows made in their own basements.

ture.... He is a pampered hothouse plant and likes They're building boats and flying planes and tearing

it that way.... He wants very little because he has down tired transmissions, and—well, you name it; if

so much and is unwilling to risk what he has...."some post isn't already doing it, it won't be long

3p a sociologist ticks off the score on modern youth until one is.

after a nationwide Gallup Poll study. "Goals?"he In short, the specialty is the tried and tested answer

quotes one teen, in summary, "We've got no goals. to those old questions: "How can I get my son away

Our parents have achieved them all for us."from the television and interested in something?"and

Is this an accurate picture? We're not prepared to "How can we keep the teens coming to church?"

answer for the nation's youth generally. But we can Take Post 96, West Ward, Nebo (Utah) Stake,

speak for several thousand LDS Explorers who have which lasi June won the first annual allChurch award so wrapped themselves up in brainstretching, muscleas the top Explorer post in the Church. There's no

building activities that they're almost too busy to speak wondering how to keep boys busy and active in that for themselves. ward. In addition to a full program on MIA night,

Their answer is a clear, unequivocal "No."these Payson Explorers get up to their elbows in

These are Explorers who haven't been satisfied with Fiberglas and epoxy glue night after night, making the weekly meetings and an occasional outing. They are handsomest canoes to be found anywhere. Occasionthe ones who are using the Explorer program as it ally a canoe is sold to buy materials, and eventualwas intended to be used, with bigscale expeditions, ly every Explorer in the post expects to have his own

with highlevel discussions—and with a specialty. $200 canoe at practically no cost. So what do the

What's a specialty? It's easier to say what it isn't. boys do in their spare time? Why, they make sleeping

Name almost any constructive hobby or vocational bags and tents and packframes and whatever else study, and you've named a specialty being pursued by they need to be the bestequipped campercanoeists an LDS Explorer post somewhere. in the area.

LDS Explorers are pulling injured persons off westThat's exploring the specialty way—a way to satisfy

ern mountains in daring, skilful ropeand-stretcher the basic need every teen has for new experience, for rescues. They're building shortwave radios and talkcreativity, for a feeling of personal worth.

ing to other "hams"half-a-world away. They're Another asset of specialties is the easy, natural way

exploring underwater depths and studying the heavens. they can lead to lifetime vocations. In Pingree,

They're knocking the bull's-eye out of targets in naIdaho, for example, fifteen boys—one hundred percent

tionwide rifle competition. They're learning more of those available in the ward—have clustered around

about Indian lore and dances than many Indians ever a radio engineer consultant to build their own ham

Below: David Esperson, Michael Nelson, Daryl Chinn, RichAbove: Explorers Richard Fields, Bob Jex, and Dale Allred

ard Tidwell, and Bob Holder from the rifle team of Post enjoy skin diving, the specialty of Post 107, Bountiful, Utah.

113, Richmond, California, whose specialty is gun safety.

Explorers of Payson, Utah's Post 96 viake as well as learn LaVere spends much of his spare time in Pingree, Idaho the art of canoeing. with his twoway radio, part of the electronics specialty

of Post 326.

26 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Explorers Bruce Allen and Steven Josephson, Post 105,

Brigham City, Utah make arrows as part of the post's archery specialty.

radio sets and probe further into electronics. They In fact, that's usually a poor way to go about it. The

make uneven progress, of course; they range from best way is for the Explorers themselves, using their

the greenest beginners to one boy who has won a own leadership, to discuss and decide what specialty

US Air Force award for his work in electronics. But they want, and then find the right man to help. He is

some of these boys will end up in a very lucrative called in as a "consultant,"without administrative recareer as a result of this specialty, and others will sponsibilities—and few are the men who can't be

have an intelligent understanding of why they did not. persuaded to share their knowledge of and enthusiasm

Is this important? Studies have shown again and for a special field of knowledge with a group of interagain that high school students with definite vocational ested boys. Some posts have found the man and the

goals—even though the goals may later change—show specialty by taking a vocationhobby census of every

far higher grades and much less absenteeism than man in the ward.

those who are undecided. So how about your ward? Does its Explorer post

Interesting byproducts grow out of Explorer spesuffer from the "sameold-thingagain blues?"Does

cialties. Like the connection the Richmond post of the post have tired blood and sagging ambition? MayOakland-Berkeley ( Calif. ) Stake reached in their junbe it's time for a specialty transfusion.

ior rifle club specialty—that it takes good health It's worth almost any effort. We'll not soon forget

habits to hit bull's-eyes. Or the selfreliance the boys the clear eyes and level gaze of the husky young

of Smithfield First Ward, Smithfield (Utah) Stake, sixteenyear-old who came swinging gracefully down learned in taking an old car's motor and transmission a rope to tell us what his post's specialty of physical apart and putting it back together—because the adult fitness was doing for him. Six months before he had

advisers purposely showed up each night in good been headed straight for the reform school after a clothes so they couldn't touch the car. Or the inseries of arrests for car theft and housebreaking. Then

creased appreciation of the Book of Mormon learned a wise post adviser challenged him to prove himself by the Ensign Tribe of Olympus (Utah) Stake through in more manly ways.

their specialty of studying Indian lore and dances. It worked. Six months of intensive work on ropes

But the end product of every successful specialty and rings and parallel bars had worked an amazis this—to keep boys interested and challenged and, ing transformation.

thus, close to their bishops and their wards. Many "Look,"he proudly declared. "I've added two inches

young teen converts to the Church have first become to my biceps."

interested through working in Explorer specialties. But the rest of the accomplishment was even more

How can your ward Explorer post have a specialty? apparent. Obviously he had added far more than

Is it necessary to have a post adviser who can teach two inches to his soul.

his particular interest to the boys as a specialty? No.

JANUARY 1963 27 Right: Elder Bernard P. Brockbank, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve.

Below: Part of the Brockbank family

group: Ms. Nada Rich Brockbank and

Elder Brockbank (seated); standing left

to right: Von R., Roger R., Diane,

and Bruce. Photograph was taken in

1960, when Elder Brockbank was called to preside in one of the mission fields in the British Isles. Not shown in photographs are sons Loren Rich, and Bernard

P. Brockbank, Jr.

28 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

.. true and one brick at a time.

square... every nail driven to stay in its place.. r>

ELDER BERNARD P. BROCKBANK, ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

BY M. ELMER CHRISTENSEN. PRESIDENT WINDER STAKE

Elder Bernard P. Brockbank was sustained as an 11, 1935, to Nada Rich, of Logan, Utah, in WashingAssistant to the Council of the Twelve on October 6, ton, DC. Among the first things they did upon

1962. Thus commences a new building program for returning West was to receive their sealing in the

this great leader in the Church. Building projects Salt Lake Temple on May 4, 1937. Their six chilhave been his specialty for many years. Some have dren are all active in the Church: Loren R. is president

involved the characters of people, and others have of his elders'quorum, having previously completed a constituted his vocation in the construction of homes. mission to England; Bernard Park, Jr., is a member

Many barren mountain slopes, salt grass flats, and of the Cottonwood Fifth Ward bishopric; Bruce,

abandoned farm lands have emerged into thriving, having recently completed a mission in Scotland, is happy communities through the vision, planning, and now attending BYU; Von is at present on a mission

skill he has demonstrated. in Scotland, and Diane (Mrs. John Osborne) has

Elder Brockbank has built equally well in the vineserved as a ward president of YWMIA. Their youngyard of our Heavenly Father. Early in life he demonest son, Roger, is accompanying his parents in the

strated his leadership ability and wilhngness to serve. mission field. They have seven grandchildren.

He was an active member of the Aaronic Priesthood Elder Brockbank attended elementary school in and served in the presidency of his teachers quorum. Holladay, and later was a student at Granite High

At the age of twenty, he accepted a call for a misSchool. While at the Utah State University, Logan,

sion to England, where he labored from July 4, 1929, Utah, he milked cows to pay his expenses. He was

to August 1931. For one year he was a district presialso enrolled at the University of Utah, and later

dent. During 1934 and 1935, he served as a parttime studied law at George Washington University, in

missionary in Washington, DC while attending school. Washington, DC.

Other experiences in the Church include service as Highly respected in his community, Elder Brock- a scoutmaster in Winder Ward, Cottonwood Stake, a bank has identified himself in a variety of civic activimember of the superintendency of the Ensign Ward ties. He served as a member and officer of the Salt

YMMIA, a gospel doctrine instructor in two wards, Lake Real Estate Board, an ofiicer of the Holladay a counselor in two bishoprics, and bishop of the Lions Club, an officer of the Sons of Utah Pioneers,

Winder Ward, Cottonwood Stake, from June 1946 to and of the Utah Home Builders Association. For

1949. He was a member of the high council in both three years he was a member of the Granite Board

the Cottonwood and Holladay stakes, and in June of Education and was honored as its president for 1958, was sustained as president of Holladay Stake. one year prior to leaving for the mission field. Those

On May 18, 1959, he was sustained as chairman of the who observed him as a member of the board were

Jordan Valley welfare region, where he served until impressed with his mental alertness, his sincere sense called to preside over the North British Mission in of responsibility to the youth and patrons he repreMarch 1960. When the North British Mission was sented, the firmness of his convictions, and the fairness

divided in December 1960, he was made president of of his decisions. He was always approachable and

the new ScottishIrish Mission, and then president of willing to champion the worthy needs of his the Scottish Mission when it was organized in 1962. constituents.

Born in Holladay, Salt Lake County, May 24, 1909, As chairman of the Jordan Valley welfare region,

Elder Brockbank was the son of Taylor P. and Sarah he demonstrated his humility and faith. Elder

LeCheminant Brockbank. He was married November Brockbank never (Continued on page 41)

JANUARY 1963 29 Two articles published during the past year have more appreciably in the extent to which they stimulate their than passing interest to members of The Church of students to seek higher academic attainment or inJesus Christ of Latterday Saints as they give a view hibit them."

not only of where Mormons are and have been in Still, there is a difference existing between each relation to their environment, but also as to where school in the number of its graduates going on for the Church may find itself in future years. the PhD. This difference recorded, the undergraduate

The key to this future: education. institutions were then rated from "overproductive"

The first of the two articles appeared in the January to "underproductive."

1962 edition of the Utah Educational Review. Entitled, "Public institutions were found to be overproduc-

"Utah in the Eyes of the Nation,"the article, by the tive,"concludes Astin, "and eastern men's colleges late L. H. Kirkpatrick, Librarian, University of Utah, and universities were found to be significantly underdiscusses the changing image of the Mormons. productive."These underproductive eastern instituThree months later Alexander W. Astin, a member tions are Dartmouth, Hamilton, Harvard, Princeton,

of the National Merit Scholarship Corporation, introWesleyan, and Williams.

duced and defended a new theory that indicated a Where did the institutions of higher learning in Utah college's output of doctors of philosophy depends fall—the schools that educate the bulk of the Mormon

largely on its input of students. This article appeared college population? Here is Astin's brief mention of

April 13, 1962 in Science and was entitled, "'Productivthe Beehive State:

ity of Undergraduate Institutions.""A careful inspection of the most overproductive

Both writers are nonMormons. and the most underproductive institutions from the

The Astin article does not mention Mormonism as original sample of 265 revealed several small, homosuch and scarcely mentions Utah in passing—but the geneous groups of institutions which are of some

paragraph in which the state is noted is highly interest. For example, among the most overproducsignificant. tive institutions were four colleges located in New

After reviewing several existing analyses of the role York City: Brooklyn College, City College of New

played by the undergraduate college in stimulating York, Queens College, and Yeshiva. Also, all three

its students to go on for the PhD degree, Astin introinstitutions located in the state of Utah (Brigham duces his theory and its supporting evidence. The Young, Utah, and Utah State) were highly overcase for Astin's analysis and his evidence against the productive. It is difficult to determine whether the

current theories is not our concern here. His subseoverproductivity of these groups can be attributed to

quent summary and mention of Utah is. the effects of the institutions themselves. Certain

Writes Astin: ethnic or religious characteristics of the students en-

"It is clear from these results [the testing of his tering these institutions may be important factors in analysis with 265 institutions of higher learning] that the college's productivity. That is, there may be

the actual PhD outputs of a variety of undergraduate motivational factors associated with certain cultural institutions can be predicted with substantial accuracy or religious groups in addition to the factors of sex, from a knowledge of the abilities, major fields, and college, majors, and intelligence level."

sex ratios of the student bodies. This fact, together These motivational factors of a religious group

with the failure to find any consistent relationships spoken of by Astin can well be understood when between a college's productivity [number of students considering the Utah schools in light of LDS scripture attaining the PhD degree] and specific characteristics and philosophy concerning education.

of its environment, suggests that colleges do not differ Five of the more cited LDS scriptures are:

30 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IMAGE TODAY AND TOMORROW By Their Fruits Ye Shall Know Them )j

BY REED H. BLAKE, editorial associate

"It is impossible for a man to be saved in ignorance."an educational framework, the fruits of which would

(D&C 131:6.) cause educational leaders the country over to point

"Whatever principle of intelligence we attain unto with pride. When Astin published his theory in May

in this life, it will rise with us in the resurrection. of 1962, he was not paying Mormonism its first educa-

"And if a person gains more knowledge and intellitional tribute. In fact, the theories beingaised to

gence in this life through his diligence and obedience determine a college PhD potential which Astin now than another, he will have so much the advantage says may be invalid, also placed Utah in her familiar in the world to come."(Ibid., 130:1819.) role as the nation's leader in education.

"And as all have not faith, seek ye diligently and Kirkpatrick, the U of U librarian, in his Utah Educateach one another words of wisdom; yea, seek ye out tional Review article relates that the "story of the

of the best books words of wisdom; seek learning, changing image of the Mormons is one... of the

even by study and also by faith."(Ibid., 88:118.) literal triumphs of education over prejudice....

And perhaps the most widely quoted scripture: "The "Yet they have survived a library of abuse [writes

Glory of God is intelligence,..."(Ibid., 93:36.) Kirkpatrick: "Novels about the Saints numbered into

Even during the depression the Mormon philosophy the hundreds, but the character types were not that of the need and sacrifices for education was expressed numerous."], and are today not only accepted but an

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, then president of BYU, admired and respected people.

when he wrote, "It is becoming more and more evi- "Time alone might have won toleration of the people dent that education is one of the most important who settled here in spite of the volumes of abuse enterprises to which any civilized people can devote fired at them. But neither time nor persistent, quiet

itself. This applies not only to the actual money spent, faith would have won them nationwide approval as a

but perhaps to an even greater extent to the indipeople."There are religious faiths in America today,

viduals concerned. No intelligent parent would place says Kirkpatrick, that are accepted but are "far from

any consideration of wealth or personal ease above the being respected."

welfare of his children. This welfare is so intimately Despite the fact that what was probably the first

tied up with the kind and amount of education which adult education in America, the school of the prophets, the children receive that no other factor in their was established by the Saints in 1833 in Kirtland, Ohio;

lives will play so important a part in their success, that they chartered a university in Nauvoo, the first in or more greatly affect the attitude which they take Illinois, and planned a library which would be a toward life here and hereafter.""city of books"; that they established one of the first

In 1936 Dr. Harris was not, however, echoing a universities west of the Missouri River in Salt Lake

philosophy only recently become popular. Speaking City and had one of the great book collections in Amerin the Tabernacle in March of 1860 Brigham Young ica in the Territorial Library, despite all this, the

stated, "The religion embraced by the Latterday Mormons were still considered uneducated by their

Saints, if only slightly understood, prompts them to contemporaries. So much so, writes Kirkpatrick, that in

search diligently after knowledge. There is no other the 1870's there were probably "more missionaries

people in existence more eager to see, hear, learn, and being sent to Utah than Utah was sending to the outunderstand truth."- side world."As an attraction to the local citizens, each

And in saying this Brigham Young was only reinmissionary group opened free schools. "The theory

forcing a longheld belief that began with the infancy was that Mormonism could not survive education."

of the Church.''Ninetyeight novels written about the Mormons

Thus from the beginning the Mormons were creating between the years 1843 (Continued on page 42)

JANUARY 1963 31 Aids to the Revealed Doctrines of

From the beginning of the Church, the Mormons do not believe that "all that has been releaders have continued to teach that all vealed"is necessarily contained in the standard works truth, no matter where it is found, is a of the Church. The Mormon scripture now consists

potent part of the gospel of Jesus Christ; of four books and yet is felt to be flexible and can

for recorded Joseph Smith the Prophet, be enlarged and expanded as more is admitted and "... truth is knowledge of things as they voted upon. Article nine of the Articles of Faith

are, and as they were, and as they are to explains this in these words, "and we believe that he come;..."(D&C 93:24.) will yet reveal many great and important things...."

President Brigham Young encouraged the In the revelations to the Church, the Lord declares:

Saints to search after truth. He said: "Our "And, behold, and lo, this is an ensample unto all

doctrine and practice is, and I have made those who were ordained unto this priesthood, whose it mine through life—to receive truth no mission is appointed unto them to go forth—

matter where it comes from.""And this is the ensample unto them, that they

"... if an Elder shall give us a lecture shall speak as they are moved upon by the Holy

upon astronomy, chemistry, or geology, our Ghost.

religion embraces it all. It matters not "And whatsoever they shall speak when moved

what the subject be, if it tends to improve upon by the Holy Ghost shall be scripture, shall be the mind, exalt the feelings, and enlarge the will of the Lord, shall be the mind of the Lord, the capacity. The truth that is in all the shall be the word of the Lord, shall be the voice of

arts and sciences form a part of our the Lord, and the power of God unto salvation."

religion."The accepted Bible version of the Latterday Saint

"Mormonism, socalled, embraces every today is the King James Bible which consists of sixtyprinciple pertaining to life and salvation, for six books. This Bible has in some earlier editions

time and eternity. No matcontained other books known as the Apocrypha, but

CONDUCTED ter who has it. If the infidel in later editions these books have not been included.

BY THE has got truth it belongs to Most of the books of the Apocrypha are still included

UNIFIED 'Mormonism.'The truth in the authorized Boman Catholic Bible, but almost

CHURCH andsessedsoundby thedoctrinesectarianposthem.all of theThoughvarioustheseProtestantApocryphaBiblesbookshave areexcludedextraSCHOOL worl4, and they have a canonical and extrabiblical to the Mormons, the Lord

SYSTEM great deal, all belongs to revealed to the Prophet Joseph Smith the official posithis church."- tion the Church should take concerning these extraNot infrequently, some ideas which have canonical books. The occasion of this revelation was

been proclaimed as truths are disproved during the Prophet's work on the revision of the Bible.

and need to be discarded or reinterpreted. In March of 1833, the Prophet Joseph Smith was

All of us should become cautious about finishing for the time being the revision of the Old accepting new teachings without proving Testament, and the Lord gave him these instructions:

them because there are sometimes wide "And when you have finished the translation of the differences between hypotheses and truths. prophets, you shall from thenceforth preside over the

As to religious literature, Latterday affairs of the church and the school;.. "

Saints do not fear the findings of extraIt seems that when the Prophet finished the transcanonical writings, such as the Dead Sea lation of the prophets, he wondered if he should revise findings, the Chenoboskion literature, or the apocryphal books. And while he pondered, the

the vast intertestamental literature that has Lord gave him section 91 which has four essential been brought to light. Fears may be felt points: ( 1 ) "There are many things contained therein

about some of the conclusions made from that are true,..."(2) "There are many things consuch findings from socalled "critics,"but tained therein that are not true, which are interpolathe Church does not doubt that inspired tions by the hands of men."(3) "... it is not needful

truths may be found even in writings that that the Apocrypha should be translated [Revised]."

have generally been said to be uninspired. (4) That whoever wants to read or study these books

logan institute of religionthe Church BY REED DURHAM,

may do so, having the Holy Spirit of truth to aid him prayers and supplications. (Moses 5:4, 16; Apoc.

in discerning what is true from what is false; and if 27:1-2; 28:1-2; 29:1-3.)

he does not have the Spirit, he will not be able to 3. The terms "devil"and "Satan"are both used

discern the truth properly and will not be benefited interchangeably, and the devil is made separate and from his study."distinct from the serpent because the "devil speaks

Besides being the rules for interpreting the Apocryby the mouth of the serpent."[Verbatim words used

pha, these are safe rules to apply when studying extra by both.] (Moses 4:5-7; Apoc. 16:5; 17:4.)

literature, such as the Dead Sea Scrolls or other inter- 4. Adam cries for a "little space"[verbatim words

testamental literature which often is referred to as used by both] of time in which he may repent before the Old Testament pseudepigrapha. There may be he dies. (Moses 5:4; 1415, 5859; 6:1; Apoc. 27:1-2;

inspired truths contained in them; there are certainly See also D&C 29:42; 2 Nephi 2:21.)

things which are of men contained in them; they do 5. The devil appears in the guise of an angel of

not have to be revised or canonized; and unless one God. (Moses 1:1218; 5:13; Apoc. 17:1-5.)

has the "spirit of truth"when he studies them, his 6. The devil attempted to get the man Adam and

interpretations may lead him astray. Eve to worship him. (Moses 1:1222; Apoc. 17:1-19;

If one is humble, however, and "seeks learning even 3; Slavonic [another version of the Apoc] 33:1-3;

by study and also by faith"; so that he may be heir 34:1-4.)

to the spirit of discernment, then his search may 7. Adam and Eve are instructed by God himself

become productive. With such an attitude, Latterday and by angels that they may be redeemed from all

Saint students have no bounds for scholarship, and effects of their transgression. (Moses 5:6-12; Apoc.

their findings may make contributions for the Church 13:3-5; 25:4; 28:1-4.)

and the world of scholarship. 8. A whole history and account of the devil's re-

A research which was recently done by a Latterday bellion against God and his expulsion out of heaven

Saint student is an interesting case in point. It was is recorded. (Moses 4:1-4; Vita [a Latin version of

carried forth in a large university on the west coast the Apoc] 12:1-16; 4.)

by a graduate student. If the study proves valid, it 9. Special sacred things and sacraments were rewill offer helpful evidence toward the divinity of the vealed to Adam, which in turn he was to reveal to his

work of the Prophet Joseph Smith, and it may prove sons. (Moses 5:5859; see also book of Abraham, Facto be a good example of truths found in extracanonical simile Number 2, Figure 3; Apoc 3:1-2; Vita 29:2-3.)

literature. The project was concerned with one book 10. The whole history of Adam and Eve and their

classified by scholars as Old Testament pseudepiposterity was to be preserved. (Moses 1:4042; 6:5,

graphical literature. It is another book of Moses 8, 46; Apoc. 14:3; Vita 50:1-2.)

which is called The Apocalypse of Moses. The reThere are many other parallels of ideas between the

searcher compared his pseudepigrapha book with the two books of a more general nature such as the book of Moses in the Pearl of Great Price and disteaching of a clear dichotomy of the body and spirit covered some interesting parallels and similarities of man, the resurrection, the judgment day, the among which are the following: angelology, the names of deity used, the studied

1. Both books are named after Moses, and yet they anthropomorphisms, the salvation for man "in the

contain materials about Adam and Eve after they end of times"[verbatim words], purification and washwere cast out of the Garden of Eden. The Apocalypse ing by water, repentance, death, etc. Though there

of Moses begins with these words: "This is the story are many parallels to be found between the two, it

of Adam and Eve after they had gone out of paradise."*'should be pointed out that the book of Moses has

One section of the book of Moses was originally materials in it which differ greatly from those in the entitled by the Prophet: "A Revelation of the Gospel Apocrypha. It should also be noted that all of the

unto Our Father Adam, after he was Driven out parallels between the two books are not to be found from the Garden of Eden,"which is surprisingly in the Bible materials about Adam and Eve; they are

similar with the beginning statement in the Apocrypha. also completely unique to this Bible story.

2. After Adam and Eve had been cast out of the The study draws a basic conclusion, which the data

garden, they offered sacrifices to God (Moses 5:5-7; seems to support, that the parallels and similarities

Apoc. 4:2; 29:3-4); and called upon God in many are so substantial that (Continued on page 50)

JANUARY 1963 33 Garnish for the Mind

BY HELEN LEMMON

"It costs only a few cents more to travel firstclass,"is done with skilful use of the awareness factor. Few

is a modern maxim the world is fond of quoting. We sentences or paragraphs of strange information can be

live in an age where merchants make us quality foisted upon the reader without inserting explanation conscious, and admen make us brand conscious. The that begins, it was like... it was as if... it was

best comes a little higher, and few of us desire to as though.

travel any other way. To wear nylon rather than Authors must strive continually for phrases more

cotton we sacrifice and scheme. To eat steak instead effective than cold as ice—and cross as a bear. They

of hamburger we gladly put in overtime. No effort willingly apply themselves to the seat of a chair many

seems too great where creature comfort is concerned. long days and struggle on every page to fit descripNothing appears too fancy for sprucing up the tion of things familiar to points that are strange; for

physical. example, let us liken reading to a jigsaw puzzle, i.e.,

Nourishing and adorning the mind is another matthe first book read is the corner piece, and all other ter, however. Books great enough to weather the studies fit into life's overall picture.

centuries generally require a second reading. ScripEveryone in this generation understands the jigture is hard to read because we moderns simply saw simile used here. But what of someone who

don't understand the language used in Bible and reads two thousand years hence. The same principle

Book of Mormon days. It is necessary that we pay applies to us who read works written generations ago.

overtime attention to the commandment that says, You will remember when King Solomon died, the "... seek learning, even by study and also'by faith."people were exercised over economic conditions and

(D&C 88:118. Itahcs added.) This is asking too came before his son Rehoboam to plead that taxes

much. It hardly seems right that the same effort apbe lowered. And Rehoboam said, "... My father

plied to ornamenting the body should apply to made your yoke heavy, and I will add to your yoke;

decoding messages of the world's best minds. my father also chastised you with whips, but I will

Writers in any age use tricks and proven methods chastise you with scorpions."(1 Kings 12:14.)

to make their message readable at all. Writing is Use of the word scorpions at this point causes bemuch more handicapped than speaking, for in the wilderment. We shake heads and go on or lay the

course of ordinary conversation we have the use of book aside. Customs of that day were certainly

gestures both mild and exaggerated. We have inflecpeculiar when a king gathered up wriggling insects

tion of tone to give meaning, and animation of facial with which to flog his people.

expression is employed most effectively. Now if we are the type of people satisfied to wear

A writer cannot flutter blue eyes, however, or clasp cotton and eat only hamburger, it is possible to go hands with meaning. He has only black print to put through life thinking that Rehoboam used poisonous

upon a white sheet, and any color brought to the page bugs to chastise the citizens of Judah. But it is far

34 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA better to put in overtime study and find, one fine day, and wine to the sun, moon, and stars.

upon a page of archaeological works a strange picture The same tribes brought out of bondage into a with caption underneath reading, "Ancient Whip promised land turned from a Loving God to worof Scorpions."shiping nature with feasting, banners, and song, and

Excitement of research reward stirs the mind and when Jeremiah complained that stones and stocks heart even more than standing before a store window defiled the land, he spoke of things very familiar in filled with goodies. Learning that the whip of that day. Stones were fashioned into altars for false

scorpions differed from ordinary threecorded whips gods and stocks were trees stripped of branches, tied inasmuch as knots were tied in the cords and jagged with banners and carried to festival ground to reprepieces of metal pushed through each knot surpasses sent the fertility god.

the joy of surveying a window display featuring Many are the wondrous ornaments with which to spring hats. decorate the mentality by simple uses of effort and

Many mystifying passages of scripture become clear prayer. From wide search of the printed word we

to us with extra probing. Hosea in repeated warnings tie up understanding and tolerance. From history we

spoke of Ephraim as a cake not turned. We wonder stitch on significant details of twentyone great civiuntil a future day when another book is read. Daily lizations—what made them rise, what made them fall.

life in Bible times informs us that bread was someArchaeology adds knowledge of past cultures, and times called ashcakes because the small loaves were science brings humility before God's infinite power.

baked in hot ashes, first on one side and then the Philosophers'statements and poetry bedeck the intelother. Hosea's words are simplified before our eyes. lect with warmth and color, and when all are tasteHe simply meant that Ephraim's tribe was halffully placed we begin to see what God is trying to

baked, that they neglected spiritual matters for more give us. We catch glimpses of the qualities of character

worldly affairs. to be developed that we might be of use to him. The

In Jeremiah we read, "... and the women knead mind will bend and stretch around great ideas.

dough to make cakes to the queen of heaven, and to Fresh resolutions to trim up the gray matter are pour out drink offerings unto other gods, that they waiting to be made. If eyeglasses are needed, plan

may provoke me to anger."(Jer. 7:18.) to be fitted. If reading habits are deficient, organize

This short verse when pursued to its roots opens remedial groups. Clubs are formed every hour for

before our mind the vast area of pagan idolatry and more trivial reasons.

heathen practices so abominable before God. One God keeps books, we may be sure, and when they

need only step into local libraries to learn that Judah are opened someone is bound to ask for reasons was so filled with idol worship that the people set why our bodies traveled firstclass and our minds altars upon their flatroofed homes to offer cakes went by steerage.

JANUARY 1963 35 WAYNE J. ANDERSON, PH.D., GENERAL COLLEGE, UNIVERSITY OF MINNESOTA

36 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Latterday Saint parents feel that it is a privilege, an in having large families, namely as many children as opportunity, and a responsibility to guide and help can be properly cared for. Inasmuch as parents are

direct their children's lives. This attitude stems from in reality, earthly guardians of the spirit children of

the belief in the sanctity of the home. Joseph F. Smith, God, they feel their responsibility to be grave. They

sixth president of the Church, expresses this beautiattempt to keep their children close to the Church and fully, "There is no substitute for the home. Its so teach them that they will learn how to live rightfoundation is as ancient as the world, and its mission eously in accordance with the principles taught by

has been ordained of God from the earliest times."Jesus Christ and revealed by God to his servants, the

(Joseph F. Smith, Gospel Doctrine, 1949 ed., p. 300.) prophets. If proper covenants are entered into and

kept, this entire relationship takes place within an

Briefly, LDS philosophy as related to parentchild eternal setting. Parents and children know that if they

relationships is as follows: would live together as a family unit throughout eter-

1. We all, parents and children alike, lived as innity, they must all live according to gospel principles.

dividual intelligences and then as God's spirit children In order to gain the great blessings that God has before we came to this world. promised to the faithful, how should we operate within

2. We all agreed in a heavenly council to come to this family group? In the first place, inasmuch as all

this earth for a period of schooling; during this period members of the family are recognized as God's chilof time, the veil was to be drawn between our earthdren, the relationships between husband and wife and

lives and our preearth existence. parents and children are dignified: respect is accorded

3. God, in his love for us his children, sent his Son every individual member; children respect parents

Jesus Christ to us to teach us how we should live; he and in turn parents respect their children. Thus, living within the climate of mutual respect and love one

for another and motivated by the promise that the family unit will endure eternally if religious covenants are entered into and kept, the LDS family finds itselfChild Rearingdedicated to a great cause and finds direction and purpose in its life's activities.

To implement these beliefs, parents introduce theirThe thinking to the child in its infancy. At the tender age

of three to six weeks a baby is given a blessing, and its is entered on the records of the Church. DuringMormon name

the formative years, parents teach the child and acquaint it with church doctrine so that upon arriving atViewpoint the age of eight (revealed as the age of personal accountability), he has a desire to be baptized and also reveals his truths to his prophets among his chilconfirmed a member of the Church in full standing.

dren in order that they may have continuous guidance. Young boys are instructed so that they want to become

4. Parents in establishing families are fulfilling worthy to be ordained deacons in the priesthood at the

God's purposes and are providing the social unit in age of twelve. (The priesthood is the authority to act

which God's spirit children can grow and develop in in the name of God and is the power by which the righteousness. Church is governed. ) Young girls also are taught to live

5. If the parents who establish these family groups spiritual lives of service so that when they reach

are married in God's temples and sealed to each other womanhood they may be worthy of marrying a priestfor time and eternity the children born to them under hood bearer in God's temple and share in the blessthis covenant will be theirs forever, and the family ings which the priesthood brings to the home. Young

unit will persist throughout the ages. people of both sexes are admonished to live worthily

As one reviews these beliefs, he realizes the heavy so that they may fulfil church missions and marry sense of responsibility that rests upon parents. To in the temple. Basic to this attitude is a growing

them this means that as they as parents have children, knowledge, inculcated by the child's parents, that God they are fulfilling the purposes of God in providing is a living personage, a father in heaven, to whom opportunities for his spirit children so that they may they can turn for inspirat-.on and help. Children

go through this earthly schooling away from his presare taught to pray to God both as individuals and as ence. This is the reason that we, as a Church, believe a family group. As a child grows, a burning conviction

JANUARY!963 37

(testimony) develops within his actions and although his parents physical, mental, and moral selves.

being that God is his father and may teach and guide him, he alone The human body is looked upon as that he should live according to his must learn to make proper choices the earthly dwelling place of the

Father's will. These children learn between good and evil and right individual's spirit, and it is felt that

to hold in sacred veneration the and wrong. the spirit cannot function effectively

name of God and the name of the In addition to these spiritual in an unclean body. Thus observSon of God. The child is taught teachings, parents instruct their ance of the Word of Wisdom

that he is accountable for his own children in matters related to their becomes part of family living. According to this teaching, family

members should not drink liquor, tea, or coffee, or use tobacco. They

should strive to exercise moderation

principles of sound health. In the SPEEDAND DIRECTION in all things and live according to

observance of these principles, as well as all others, parents are expected to be good models for their children. Brigham Young, second

RICHARD L. EVANS presidentparents willof continuallythe Church,setsays,before"If

their children examples worthy of

Last week we spoke of the question of convenience, of doing things or their imitation and the approval of dodging things, and of the fact that no learning, or working, or our Father in heaven, they will turn serving ever seems quite comfortable or convenient if a person doesn't the current, and the tide of feelings consider it to be so. In the long process of learning and preparing, of their children, and they, eventyoung people often feel both pressure and impatience—so much so ually will desire righteousness more

that delays and difficulties may cause them to quit, to give up too than evil."(John A. Widtsoe, Diseasily the pursuit of some good goal. Sometimes a student leaves courses of Brigham Young, p. 208.

school too soon because of uncertainties and setbacks. With disIn regard to habits and practices

appointments and problems, values may get out of focus, and immeconsidered undesirable, the Mormon diate and passing things may seem more important than permanent parent does not say to his child, "I purposes, and there may be some of giving up too easily, some shortam older, it is all right for me to sighted decisions. The unexpected almost always enters in, and drink or smoke, just wait until you

impatience must be tempered with enduring qualities of character are of age, then you may also inand a farseeing sense of values. And while it is well to go as far dulge."Instead, his attitude is, "If

as we can as fast as we can, as young as we can, we need also to learn these things are not good for your to be willing to work, and willing to wait, and shouldn't hastily body, they are also injurious to mine.

set good plans aside for something secondary. "I have endeavored Let us help each other to abstain

to impress upon the minds of youth,"said Heber J. Grant, ''the from their use."

necessity of their working to the extent of their ability; and also In the realm of mental activity,

while so laboring never to become disheartened."What if something parents encourage their children tosolid and superior does take a little longer—or a lot longer? "There seek after all truth. They are strong

is more to life than increasing speed,"- said Mahatma Gandhi. Prepaadvocates of formal education, and

ration is more important than speed. Direction is more important they encourage their children to

than speed, and one of the worst things in the world is quickly going train their minds so that they may the wrong way. We can go a thousand ways fast and get to no good realize their latent potentialities. This

if we don't keep the course. "The future,"said Emerson, "belongs desire for mental growth is reinto those who prepare for it."'"I have fought a good fight, I have forced by discussions at the family

finished my course, I have kept the faith."-* These words of Paul dinner table and at frequent "home

would commend to young people patience, perseverance, principles, nights"during which family memimprovement, and a reaching for perfection, and avoiding hasty, bers are given opportunity to display shortsighted decisions. "No life ever grows great,"said Dr. Fosdick, their talents and enter into discus-

"until it is focused, dedicated, and disciplined.""To you who are sions of secular affairs as well as

young: Keep up your courage, keep moving, keep your character religious doctrine.

and conviction, and don't let passing circumstances easily discourage Morally, children are taught that you from the pursuit of some good goal. In an age of speed, may God we work for what we get; never

help us keep in mind the direction in which we are moving, as well expect something for nothing; give a

as the rate at which we are going. full day's work for a full day's pay.

Children are told that engaging in iHeber J. Grant. unethical practices is contrary to

Mahatma Gandhi.

Accredited to Emerson. church principles. They are also

2 4:7. Timothy Fosdick. taught to be good citizens and toHarry Emerson

take an active interest in local, state, "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Columbia and national affairs. Above all, they

Broadcasting System, October 7, 1962. Copyright 1962. are taught that there is no double

38 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

standard of sexual behavior and that sons and daughters so grow and desays, "... Let us cherish in our

both boy and girl are expected to velop that their religious thinking homes, as we cherish the lives of our save sacred and intimate relationbecomes a way of life—and if they children themselves, that word

ships for the mate with whom they attempt to live their lives on an 'honor'... honoring mother, honorhope to be united in God's temple eternal scale, constantly striving to ing father, having them honor us as

for time and eternity. serve God and his children and in so we honor and revere God our Eternal

In summary, one might say that doing earn the precious privilege of Father. Let the element of honor,

LDS fathers and mothers feel reregaining the presence of their devotion, and reverence permeate warded for accepting the challenges Father in heaven. David O. McKay, the home life."(David O. McKay,

of parenthood when they see their current president of the Church, Pathways to Happiness, p. 118.

Nathan E. Tanner

(Continued from page 21)

of this company that he was invited thinking it was hopeless, left the ciation of the people of this province to head TransCanada Pipeline Limcompany. There were also serious many years ago. As minister of

ited, a company formed by a merger political repercussions, but finally mines he worked out a system comof two opposing companies to build construction started, and the stubining maximum returns to the a pipeline across Canada from Alpendous job of finishing the line was public treasury with adequate inberta to Montreal. He had no accomplished in less than four years. centive for the industry. Such a

desire to leave his young and prosBy the time Brother Tanner's conpolicy created both the vast developpering oil company, and so at first tract had terminated in 1959, the ment of the industry and the return refused, but after being approached of hundreds of millions of dollars to by the Premier of the Province, E. the government coffers. One has

C. Manning, and by Mr. C. D. only to look around him to see the

Howe, a leading minister of Cannetwork of paidfor roads, the pubada, he accepted. lic buildings, and the new schools,

Knowing that this project would and many other projects financed be most difficult, and that it would directly or indirectly by this oil again thrust him conspicuously into revenue, to appreciate the results of the public scene, he requested a the policy evolved by Mr. Tanner

fiveyear termination clause in his during his years in the provincial contract. One of the first problems cabinet, and followed ever since.

came up when he was asked to In the eyes of other governments it move to Toronto, as the company is perhaps the world's most successfelt its headquarters should be near ful oil and gas policy.

one of the large financial and "When a gas pipeline across population centers. But inasmuch Canada was being proposed and

as he had been recently appointed negotiated the project was bogged president of the Calgary Stake, he down for a time by confusion and felt he should not leave his church rivalry and by difficult federal govposition, He also preferred to live ernment conditions. It was agreed

in the West. So the company at that time that one man in all

acceded to his wishes and left the Canada who could bring the various headquarters of the pipeline cominterests together and build a line pany in Calgary. conforming to government policy

This enormous undertaking inwas Mr. Tanner. He was made the

volved raising $300,000,000 and first president of TransCanada Pipebuilding two thousand miles of pipelines, and it was largely under his line through five provinces, and business statesmanship that the line thereby having to negotiate with Nathan E. Tanner as speaker of the was built. There were troubles

that many governments, buying the Alberta Legislative Assembly. along the way, caused mainly by

gas from many companies and selling company was an operating success. the difficulty of complying with

it throughout Canada and in some On December 6, 1958, The Algovernment conditions, but the line areas of the United States. bertan in a newspaper editorial said has been built and is now in operaHe began this grueling job, meetof him: tion. It is a national institution, a

ing unexpected as well as expected "As architect of Alberta's emimajor force in the economy of the opposition from many sources. The nently successful government oil country. And again the chief architask was so discouraging the first and gas policy, Mr. Nathan E. tect has been Mr. Tanner.

year that many of the personnel, Tanner won the respect and appre- "He has now retired as chairman

JANUARY 1963 39 of the company. We move a vote Netherlands. Four days later, he grandchildren.

of thanks for the work he has done was, asked to prepare to stay in Sister Tanner has helpfully stood for Canada."London as president of the West by her husband throughout the

Each decision he has made in European Mission to be made up years and has always been active hfe, great or small, has been made from the missions in the British in the Church, serving in the Sunonly after careful consideration, Isles, two missions in France, and day School, Mutual, and Relief and with the Church in mind. In the Netherlands. So immediately Society organizations, and more

all of his important positions he has the Tanners again changed their recently in the West European been proud to identify himself as a plans and canceled their orders for Mission.

member of The Church of Jesus furniture, rugs, and draperies. President Tanner was a member of

Christ of Latterday Saints and has In this European assignment the board of directors of the Toronto engaged in unnumbered gospel conBrother Tanner has seen a great Dominion Bank; director of Conversations and has had the satisfacupsurge in missionary work and solidated Freightways, Inc., Inland

tion of seeing some of his business conversions, the four missions in Cement Company, Ltd., the Alacquaintances join the Church. He Britain grow to eight, and with berta Gas Trunk Line Company,

has been unswerving in his loyalty additional stakes established. Waterous Equipment, Ltd., Jenkins

and devotion to the principles of the He is chairman of the London Groceteria, Ltd., and was president

gospel. of Merit Oil, and vicepresident of

From his early youth there was Grisley Petroleums, Ltd. He has

never a time when Nathan Eldon ROADS OF THE WORLD resigned from all these positions to

Tanner was not active in the BY Della Adams Leither devote his full time to his church

Church, beginning with being presiThey lead—they beckon on to promcallings. He also served as president of the deacons quorum. In ised ends; dent of the Canadian Gas Association

Cardston, he became counselor to Highway or country lane or forest in 195960, and was for a time a the bishop in 1932, and two years path, member of the board of governors later was made bishop of the CardSnow trails or mountain tracks where of the University of Alberta. He

ston First Ward. On moving to cattle wend. received an honorary Doctor of Law

Edmonton, he became president of They hold a lure, a visioned afterdegree from Brigham Young Unithe Edmonton Branch in 1938, which math. versity in 1956.

position he held until September We offer in closing a personal 1952. When the family moved to Vibrant with memory of those gone impression of Eldon Tanner and his

Edmonton in 1937, the seven membefore, beloved "Sally":—Picture a beautiful

bers of their family swelled the With hope of new delights, ennew home on a 300 acre farm, on the membership of the branch to 22 trancing views; outskirts of Calgary, overlooking the

members. The group was meeting O roads, you seem to speak, and Canadian Rockies, a home near

in a small, rented, secondstory hall. more and more members of the family, a result of

During the time he was president You shape the world's great future long dreaming and planning. Then

of the branch, the first chapel in as men use the call came to become an Assistant

Edmonton was erected, and in addito the Council of the Twelve—and

tion, an institute building was built And follow on to blaze new ways out they walked—almost before the

for members of the Church who ahead loose nap had been vacuumed from were attending the university. For others following where they the deep new carpets—almost withUpon moving to Calgary, Elder have led. out looking back—with the comment

Tanner became a ward teacher, and—"It's just a home—we'll go where

has often said he enjoyed this asthe call requires."This is Eldon

signment as much as any job he has Temple committee, is responsible Tanner—and this also is his "Sally."

had in the Church. Later he was for passing on all building programs He would have done well wherever

called to the high council in the and proposals, is chairman and he was born—wherever he went—

Lethbridge Stake, and on November president of the board of the Desand so would she.

15, 1953 was made first president eret Enterprises, Ltd., and editor President Hugh B. Brown has said

of the Calgary Stake, which position of the Millennial Star. of him: "He is a man of outstanding

he held until called to become an His gracious and devoted comexecutive ability, unquestioned inAssistant to the Council of the panion, whom lovingly he calls tegrity, and throughout his public

Twelve, being set apart on October "Sally,"in character and competence career he has been known, even by 9, 1960. has wonderfully and remarkably his political opponents, for his

Moving to Salt Lake City on complemented the promising young rugged and undeviating honesty....

February 1, the Tanners bought a man she married. They have five deHe is a humble man of great faith,

new home and were making plans voted daughters—Mrs. C. R. Walker, courage, and constancy, a devoted

to furnish it, when on February 12, Calgary, Alberta (Ruth); Mrs. W. husband and father, and a devoted

he was asked to accompany Presi- S. Jenson, Calgary, Alberta (Isaand capable church leader. Few

dent McKay and President Brown belle), Mrs. H. S. Rhodes, Calgary, men are chosen for high office in the

to London to attend the dedication Alberta (Zola); Mrs. G. L. SpackChurch who have a richer heritage

of the new Hyde Park Chapel and man, Regina, Saskatchewan (Beth); and more varied background of

to assist in the organization of new and Mrs. L. Williams, Calgary, training and experience than Nathan

stakes in Great Britain and the Alberta (Helen); and twentytwo Eldon Tanner...."

40 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Transfiguration? Mt. Hermon? Mt. Tabor? Mt. Cana? We do not know. Again, at what point along

the one hundred and twenty sultry miles of the Jordan River was the Savior baptized? John says at

Bethabara. But where was that city? Its location is in doubt.

On the map-o-graph, places that can be more or less definitely located are identified by black dots.

When the exact spot is in question, the event is related to the general area where it is known or thought to have occurred.

Devoted scholars, comparing the gospels and utilizing archaeological finds and topographical information, have been attempting for many years to fit missing pieces together, or in other words to '"harmonize"the gospels as to chronology, doctrine, and place locations. The chronological information

used in the construction of this map-o-graph and reference table, with a few exceptions, follows the harmony of President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., printed in Our Lord of the Gospels. According to President

Clark's preface he "arranged the incidents in a chronological order that seemed generally to represent the majority view of the harmonists consulted."

Even though the sequence of some of the events as well as some of the place locations might be in question, these are relatively minor, and it is believed that in spite of this possible weakness this visual presentation of the journeys and ministry of Jesus will fill a great need.

THE JOURNEYS

AND MINISTRY OF JESUS

THOSE TO WHOM THE SAVIOR THE CHRIST

APPEARED AFTER HIS RESURRECTION

BY DOYLE L. GREEN, MANAGING EDITOR

This graphic presentation has been developed to aid those who love Jesus to gain a better understanding Mary Magdalene in the Garden. (Mark 16:9; John 20:1117.)

of his earthly life and ministry. The women who came to seek him as they go to tell his disciples. (Matt. 28:9-10.)

From the map-o-graph one can determine at a glance at what stage in the Savior's life important events occurred and where he was at the time. The map-o-graph and the reference table form an excelTwo disciples on the road to Emmaus. (Mark 16:12; Luke 24:1332.)

lent ready reference combination. After locating an incident in the Savior's life on the map-o-graph, one Simon Peter. (Luke 24:3335; 1 Cor. 15:5.)

can turn to the table and find in which gospel or gospels it is recorded and where. Or, conversely, by

matching numbers, one can quickly locate on the map-o-graph any occurrence listed in the table. All the apostles except Thomas in upper room where "he breathed on them and sayeth unto them,

Events in the Savior's life are infinitely more important than the time or place they occurred, still, Receive ye the Holy Ghost."(Mark 16:1418; Luke 24:3649; John 20:1923.)

relating happenings to places and times may make the events themselves more interesting and significant.

Furthermore, the more elements one can associate with an incident, the more readily it may be learned, After eight days to the eleven disciples. (John 20:2629.)

the longer it may be retained, and the quicker it can be recalled. Seven disciples at the Sea of Galilee. (John 21:1-14.)

The task of relating the events of the Savior's life to places and time sequences is a challenging one "After that, he ivas seen of about five hundred brethren at once."(1 Cor. 15:6.)for three primary reasons:

(1) None of the four gospels contains the complete account of the Savior's ministry. While some "After that, he was seen by James."(1 Cor. 15:7.)

events are recorded by all four writers, others are told by three, two, or, in a great many cases, by only one.

( 2 ) It would seem that the gospel writers did not record all of the events in precisely the same order. Eleven disciples on a mountain in Galilee. (Matt. 28:1620.)

but the gospels, or more of in one are described incidents occurred locations where many (3) The or His disciples at Bethany, on the Mount of Olives, from which place he ascended into heaven. generally only described are Other places not revealed. place is took events spot where somethe exact

in such a manner that they cannot be located with accuracy today; for example, which was the Mount of (Mark 16:1920; Luke 24:5051; Acts 1:6-11.)

Over THE HOLY LAND (AS IT WAS IN THE TIME OF CHRIST) manyHeals 4 Preaches Teaches Finds Sermon as one Philip the and on having Plain 41 Nathanael authority?<The

in twelve Heals synagogue returnj''51 wT"Raises Peter, >.CaUs with issue "HaugKter 23 Andrew, blood of Jairus mother

57 blind 'centurian's Heals mentwo Heals Discourseson signs so ""-"Ris"from and thess* '""tervatnt T"dumb brethren ""tlead*:,'*V, and

Walks demoniac hirn seek, these 53\ Teaches 52 Teaches heals and multitudes Accused from ship the sick of being in "all the Sends in league cities and forth the with 49 villages"60 twelve Beelzebub

<>i Heals (John is 48 Upbraids into Goes and beheaded) cities,45 city every dumbblind man prays village to and his Father teaching'17

and is 54 again Casts out rejected devils which enter into swine (Gadara)

I* If f; ro \ Tj 8 1 * -0 J THE z>> journeys! AND MINISTRY

Meets 9 Andrew and Simon OF

Spends f forty JESUS THE days in PassoverAttends wilderness CHRIST

Copyright 1962 by The Improvement Era AAA

APRIL 1 YEAR "APRILS"1 YEAR Is to Goes Heals trans- T. coasts 69 daughter

figured of Tyre Greek (Mt. Sidon and Hermon?) ofwoman 70 81805ts in

!sert WEEK OF ATONING SACRIFICE

ear 63 withHeals dumbt)oyhsaida spirit -\ Teacfies t.;-

multitudes;

the Gives 'feeds five Discourses discourse t.fllMv 'V..i'-lill thousand on bread on

66 f life 33 meekness, humility, to Bethphage, Goes donkey, mounts SUNDAY descends Mount forgiveDiscourses Olives, "triumphal into entry"makes Jerusalem, returns to ness, the of on 68 healing (Matt. 21:1-11; Bethany. Mark 19:2944; Luke 12: 11:M1; John cleanlinesspower, 1219.) 67 and

Heals sacrifice people in land of Gennesaret r MONDAY Leaves Bethany for Jerusalem, curses fig tree, heals blind and lame, cleanses the temple, returns to Bethany. (Matt.

21:1219; Mark 11:1219; Luke 19:4548; 21:37.)

TUESDAY Sees withered fig tree on way to Jerusalem from

Bethany, enters temple, answers question on authority, tribute money, marriage after resurrection, the great commandment, whose Son he is. Condemns Pharisees, laments over Jerusalem,

talks of widow's mite, sought by Greeks. Voice from heaven is

heard. Gives discourse on Mount of Olives, tells of final judgment,

chief priests plot to take him, anointed by Mary in house of Simon the leper, Judas arranges betrayal. (Matt. 21:1946; 22; 23; 24;

iV 25;22:3-6;26:1-16;John 12.)Mark 11:2033; 12; 13; 14:1-11; Luke 20; 21;

Samaritan This day may have been spent in Bethany with WEDNESDAY village A.mm his disciples. refuses to

accept him

THURSDAY In the evening he goes to "upper room"in Jerusa lem for last supper. Washes disciples'feet, eats Passover meal

reveals his betrayer, foretells his death, institutes the Sacrament tells Peter he will deny him, gives dissertation about the Comforter goes to Mount of Olives where he continues teaching his disciples, to his prays Father, 102 Teaches to the goes of Garden to Gethsemane pray, he in is betrayed, arrested, (Matt. and bound. 26:1756; Gives 14:1252 Mark syna- ''7 discourse Luke 22:7-53; 13; 14; John 17; 15; 16; 18:3-12.) gogues, 101 on cities, and marriage Goes villages;

and heals |!l to the beyond woman on divorcePharisees I! 'I Sabbath

Jordanfc*i*- (The Blesses seventy Warned little return) 111,;:'90 that Herod r:!8 children seeks to

.'Gives kill him the Jordan 'is About FRIDAY he midnight first into taken to Jerusalem, Talks with parable 91

Attends to then Annas, to Caiaphas, then rich the Sanhedrin. young He is mocked and of good Receives feast Of ruler Samaritan maltreated, Peter, tried by denied and 1 Jews, taken condemned by message V I dedication Sends 85 that Pilate, 100 before Herod, then Pilate to returned who and condemns Gtve$ Heals i20 forth the 'm 4'3 Lazarus Teaches Escapes delivers of Bartimaeus parable to crucified. to is be him seventy up crucified. Calvary Goes and is sick disciples no from those rn aborers in of Buried of (Matt. Arimathaea. Joseph tomb 26:5775; 27:1-61; (Chief to pray wfio would vineyard

'priests 123 plot stone Gives him Heals 14:5372; 22:5462; Mark 15; Luke 18:1340; 23; man John 19:1-42.) Attends 87 86if;L parable his death) parable with of of feast Teaches of Visits good V3 the ten dropsy on in the Goes temple 1 24 i09 a? shepherd Mary and Raises '(A Sabbath pounds before the tabernacles Bears Martha Lazarus 25 twelve to of record from the Gives Jerusalem seek (Many1 out Casts himself dead discourse him) 94 dumb

devil '106 sacrifice

?5 Discourses

on 1C-"byTeachesparable SATURDAY Body lies in tomb! cleanliness

96 Teaches Talks on multitudes 108 offenses by parable

V'Heals man born blind ILjMT L'iMii'.''IIA

SUNDAY The Lord is resurrected! (Matt. 28; Mark 16; Luke

iAPRIL 4- OCTOBER DECEMBER 1 YEAR APRIL 24; John 20; 21.)

TABLE OF REFERENCES

EVENT EVENT EVENT

NUMBER EVENT MATTHEW MARK LUKE JOHN NUMBER EVENT MATTHEW MARK LUKE JOHN NUMBER EVENT MATTHEW MARK LUKE JOHN

1 Christ is born 1:25; 2:1 2:1-20 43 Raises widow's son from dead 7:1117 85 Sends forth the seventy 10:1-16

2 Taken to temple as a baby 2:2238 44 Praises John the Baptist 11:2-19 7:1835 86 Attends feast of tabernacles 7:1011

3 Tal<en to Egypt 2:1315 45 Upbraids cities, prays to Father 11:2030 87 Teaches in temple 7:1453

4 Spends childhood 2:1923 2:3940 46 Anointed by sinful woman 7:3650 88 Forgives adultress 8:1-11

5 Visits temple at age 12 2:4150 47 Teaches in every city and village 8:1-3 89 Bears record of himself 8:1232

6 Grows to manhood 2:5152 48 Heals blind and dumb man 12:22 90 The seventy return 10:1724

7 Baptized of John 3:1317 1:9-11 3:2122 1:2934 49 Accused by Pharisees 12:2437 3:2230 91 Tells Parable of good Samaritan 10:2537

8 Spends 40 days in wilderness 4:1-11 1:1213 4:1-13 50 Discourses on signs 12:3845 92 Visits Mary and Martha 10:3842

9 Meets Andrew and Simon 1:3542 51 His mother & brethren seek him 12:4650 3:3135 8:1921 93 Teaches disciples to pray 11:1-13

10 Finds Philip and Nathanael 1:4351 52 Teaches from ship by parables 13:1-52 4:1-29 8:4-18 94 Casts out dumb devil 11:1426

11 Turns water into wine 2:1-11 53 Stills the storm 8:2327 4:3541 8:2225 95 Discourses on cleanliness 11:3754

12 Visits "his own city"2:12 54 Casts out devils 8:2834 5:1-20 8:2639 96 Teaches by parable 12:1-59

13 Attends Passover 2:1325; 3 55 Raises daughter of Jairus 9:1826 5:2243 8:4156 97 Heals man born blind 9:1-41

14 Cleanses temple 2:1417 56 Heals woman with issue of blood 9:2022 5:2534 8:4348 98 Gives Parable of good Shepherd 10:1-18

15 Visited by Nicodemus 3:1-21 57 Heals blind men; dumb demoniac 9:2734 99 Attends feast of dedication 10:2238

16 Tarries and baptizes in Judea 3:22 58 Teaches in synagogue; is rejected 13:5458 6:1-5 100 Escapes from enemies 10:39

17 John is imprisoned 14:3-5 6:1720 3:1920 59 Teaches and heals the sick 9:3538 6:6 101 Goes beyond the Jordan 10:4042

18 Teaches Samaritan woman at well 4:3-42 60 Sends forth the twelve 10:1-42 6:7-13 9:1-6 102 Teaches; heals woman on Sabbath 13:1030

19 Teaches gospel in synagogues 4:17 1:1415 4:1415 4:45 61 John is beheaded 14:6-12 103 Warned Herod seeks to kill him 13:3135

20 Heals nobleman's son 4:4654 62 The twelve return 6:30 9:10 104 Receives word that Lazarus is ill 11:1-16

21 Is rejected 4:1630 63 Rests in desert near Bethsaida 14:13 6:31 9:10 105 Heals man with dropsy 14:1-24

22 Calls Peter, Andrew, James, John 4:1822 1:1620 5:1-11 64 Teaches multitudes; feeds 5,000 14:1421 6:3344 9:1117 6:1-14 106 Gives discourse on sacrifice 14:2535

23 Teaches as one having authority 1:2122 4:3132 65 Walks on the sea 14:2433 6:4752 6:1621 107 Teaches by parable 15, 16

24 Casts out unclean spirit 1:2328 4:3337 66 Discourses on bread of life 6:2271 108 Talks on offenses 17:1-10

25 Heals Peter's motherin-law 8:1417 1:2934 4:3841 67 Heals people in Gennesaret 14:3436 6:53-5'6 109 Raises Lazarus from the dead 11:1746

26 Tours Galilee healing sick 4:2325 1:3539 4:4044 68 Discourses on cleanliness 15:1-20 7:1-23 110 Chief priests plot his death 11:4753

27 Delivers Sermon on Mount 5 to 7 69 Goes to coasts of Tyre and Sidon 15:21 7:24 111 Goes to city of Ephraim 11:54

28 Heals leper 8:1-4 1:4045 5:1214 70 Heals daughter of Greek woman 15:2228 7:2530 112 Begins journey to Jerusalem 17:11

29 Heals man sick of the palsy 9:2-8 2:1-12 5:1726 71 Returns to Sea of Galilee 15:29 7:31 113 Heals ten lepers 17:1219

30 Calls Matthew 9:9-13 2:1317 5:2732 72 Heals deaf man 7:3237 114 Discourses on kingdom of God 17:2037

31 Talks to John's disciples 9:1417 2:1822 5:3339 73 Teaches; heals sick 15:3031 115 Speaks in parables 18:1-14

32 Attends second Passover 5:1-47 74 Feeds the 4,000 15:3238 8:1-9 116 Goes beyond the Jordan 19:1 10:1

33 Heals man at Bethesda 5:2-15 75 Visits Magdala 15:39 8:10 117 Discourses on marriage & divorce 19:3-12 10:2-12

34 Jews seek to kill him 5:1647 76 Gives discourse on signs 16:1-12 8:1121 118 Blesses little children 19:1315 10:1316 18:1517

35 Disciples pluck corn on Sabbath 12:1-8 2:2328 6:1-5 77 Heals blind man 8:2226 119 Talks with rich young ruler 19:1630 10:1731 18:1830

36 Heals man with withered hand 12:9-13 3:1-6 6:6-11 78 Peter testifies of him 16:1320 8:2730 9:1822 120 Gives parable of laborers 20:1-16

37 Teaches from ship; heals many 12:15 3:7-12 79 Tells of his death & resurrection 16:2128 8:3138 9:2327 121 Heals Bartimaeus 20:2934 10:4652 18:3543

38 Spends night praying 6:12 80 Is transfigured 17:1-13 9:2-13 9:2836 122 Sees Zacchaeus in tree 19:1-10

39 Chooses the twelve apostles 10:2-4 3:1319 6:1316 81 Heals boy with dumb spirit 17:1421 9:1429 9:3743 123 Gives parable of ten pounds 19:1127

40 Heals many 6:1719 82 Gets tribute money from fish 17:2427 124 Goes before the 12 to Jerusalem 21:1 19:28

41 Preaches Sermon on the Plain 6:2049 83 Discourses on meekness, etc. 18:1-35 9:3350 9:4350 125 Many seek him 11:5557

42 Heals centurian's servant 8:5-13 7:1-10 84 Samaritan village refuses him 9:5156 126 Reaches Bethany for Passover 12:1

Bernard P. Brockbank harmony and love. over the responsibility of the home."

An example of his willingness to While presiding over three mis- {Continued from page 29) accept the counsel and teachings of sions in Great Britain, he was given church leaders is the large supply special consideration to the improvequestioned the divine mission of of stored food in a wellprotected ment of housing conditions for the that program and prayed only for corner of his basement. The type of branches and has sponsored the conthe wisdom and strength to properly food selected, its labeling and preserstruction of several chapels. His

discharge his responsibihty in it. He vation, indicates the ingenuity and efforts to promote recreational activithought big and acted with dignity. thoughtful acceptance of the princities have won support of youth

Elder Brockbank would never accept ple of a "year's supply."within and outside the Church. Unfailure. He aimed to succeed in As a boy. Elder Brockbank was questionably the highlight of his life

every venture he undertook and fortunate to grow up in an environhas been his experience as a mission knew the Lord would provide the ment of intimate family relationpresident, where he has seen more means for it. ships. He was a helpful playmate to than eight thousand converts join the

His associates in church leaderhis sisters, and made flippers, stilts, Church under his administration.

ship always felt at ease in his presarrows, and fishing poles for them. If one were to list the virtues of

ence and sought the counsel he He picked fruit, helped his father Elder Brockbank, high priority would humbly and generously imparted. market it, worked with farm animals, be given to his unconquerable will

President Brockbank is loved by went on frequent family excursions. to succeed. Like a player carrying

members of the Holladay Stake. a ball in a championship game, he

President Wayne Prince, a former seems to see only the goal ahead and counselor and successor as stake DISGUISE the free course to reach it. Then,

president, recalls the fervency of BY FRANCES GORMAN RISSER too, one must recognize his resolute his testimonies, and soberness of his courage to do what he believes to plea for unqualified loyalty to the Oh, Opportunity, you knocked. be right, his insatiable desire to

leaders of the Church. Every counAnd now at last I know serve the Lord, the gentleness of

cil meeting he presided over marked Your coverall of plain hard work his manners, and sipiplicity of his a positive step forward. He expected Concealed your golden glow! faith.

much of his associates, who upheld When I peeped out and saw a stern Elder Brockbank will carry into him by superior effort and the love Gray figure, in dismay the homes of modern Israel an exof true brotherhood. I stood behind the bolted door hilarating enthusiasm for devotion

Although Elder Brockbank built Until it went away. to the Church, a heartened encourmany fine houses, his best creation agement for faithfulness, and an

was the peace, love, and beauty of Vd waited ages for your knock. abiding assurance of the truth of the

his own home. A touch of the past But I am far from wise—cause he represents.

in the form of a few choice family I never dreamed you'd come at last As an Assistant to the Twelve, he souvenirs, a wellchosen library, and In such a drab disguise! will generously demonstrate alleattractive furnishings make it distincgiance and respect to those he has

tive and inviting. Select shrubbery, been called to sustain and will be

meticulously placed and groomed, and joined in family worship. Everyrecognized for the spirit of humility

lend aesthetic balance to the surone of the family carried their share and helpfulness he will display.

roundings. He points with pride to of household responsibilities, except The days ahead for Elder Brockhis half dozen beautiful horses, and that "Bernard always did his share bank may be long and demanding,

enjoys telling of experiences in such faster and better than the rest"acthey may be full of challenge and sports of his youth as hunting, footcording to his sister Winona. She concern, but for times like this

ball, and boxing, in which he won also adds, "Bernard was always busy Elder Brockbank will be found equal several trophies. or sleeping,"which has been charto the task. He was chosen through

Casual visitors to the Brockbank acteristic of his work habits throughthe wisdom of God for a sacred home seldom care to cut short their out life. service in a complex era of expanstay but are inclined to extend their Elder Brockbank's parents were sion. He will make a notable concall to bask in the tranquility and hardworking, faithful Latterday tribution to the orderly progression

reserved pleasure of their hospitality. Saints, who served the Church ably toward ultimate realization of the

The listener in his presence is imand generously. His father, Taylor destiny of the kingdom of our

pressed with the apparent orderli- P. Brockbank, was a respected eduHeavenly Father.

ness of his reasoning, and the logic cator and member of the state He has learned to lay one brick at of his conclusions. The Lord has legislature. a time, true and square; every nail

surely blessed Elder Brockbank with Elder Brockbank's mother, at 82, has been driven to stay in its place;

a gifted sense of deduction and good is indeed proud of her son. She the foundations he has poured have

judgment. recalls that "as a child he was always been skilfully formed and firmly

Sister Brockbank is a lovely woman cheerful and obedient. When given cured. As he continues to build a

and radiates a sweet personality. Her any assignment he was reliable and greater Church for the Master, he

innate sense of culture and refinedid his work well. When his father will apply the same prayerful care to

ment have served to complement the was going to night school, he helped make it secure and strong, and a ability of Elder Brockbank and make with the chores, and when his father blessing to all who may be favored their marriage a pleasing pattern of went away to school, Bernard took by his labors.

JANUARY 1963 41

The Mormon Image highminded people endorsed antieducation had produced more scienMormon novels as being socially tists and educators than Utah could ( Continued from, page 31 valuable."absorb. They were finding places

It was not until the end of this on the faculties of institutions all and 1930 were analyzed in a doctoral 18431930 period that the novel over America.

dissertation at the University of began to treat the Mormons with "When Thorndike of Columbia

Colorado, reports Kirkpatrick. The some objectivity. [University, New York] made a

dissertation concluded that the "vast "Yet, by the thirties the Mormons study of the origin of men listed in majority are of no historical value,"were beginning to receive national American Men of Science and Who's since the view of the Mormon prerecognition and respect—in spite of a Who in America, Utah produced

sented was a vastly distorted one. library of abuse against them. more leaders per thousand of populaAnd yet, Kirkpatrick notes, "many "By 1930, the Mormon faith in tion than any other state in the

Union,"Kirkpatrick cites other forces which have helped change this image, such as increased travel and he, says but, Choir, Tabernacle the PRESSURES, PATIENCE, AND the outside Utah become "Mormons

PREPARATION living symbols by which the state they founded is judged.

"In every state of the Union, including the two newest, there are educators who were born in this

RICHARD L. EVANS state, educated here in part, but

who have found better jobs outside

Last week we spoke of speed and direction, and of the fact that good of Utah.

and solid goals should not be set aside, even if they do take a little "Today there are hundreds of longer, and cited Emerson, who said: "The future belongs to those chemists, agronomists, deans, princiwho prepare for it."'In theory, at least, these things are usually pals, and in fact, workers in virtually

readily recognized, but in practice there are pressures that too often every field of knowledge, reaching impel young people to depart from them. It would seem to be wonthousands of students and fellow

derful, in a way, if every person could move directly to his intended teachers. These men are living

objective, without delay or disappointment, without any slowing down refutations of the hundreds of or setback. But few of us have lived that way. And surely we trashy books written about the

wouldn't develop much if everything were always easy. We all have state.

things to overcome. For most of us, at times, there are financial "In the finest sense they prove that

problems, personal problems, complex decisions that pull us more education pays."

than one way. Sometimes there are early responsibilities: marriage, In the foreword to the Directory

family, other obligations. Then, too, there are the everpresent of Members of The Church of Jesus

pressures, the social pressures, the status pressures, the pressures to Christ of Latterday Saints in Higher acquire things we can't afford, things which would enslave us in debt, Education and School Administraand which, though made to seem exceedingly desirable, are not really tion, President Ernest L. Wilkinson,

necessary; and when we feel the burden of the price we pay, we don't BYU, writes, "Throughout its history

enjoy them as much as we thought we would. All values must be the Church has emphasized educalooked at with a farseeing sense, lest we enslave ourselves, lest tion in all areas of knowledge, both

mere things become the master of the man. Unessentials can slow spiritual and secular. A desire for

down the journey and reduce the enjoyment. If we are carrying learning has moved Latterday Saints

unessential equipment, unessential obligations, we can't move so to attain, on the average, an uneasily and freely or pursue so successfully the period either of preparausually high level of formal schooling tion or performance. We need to pace ourselves, to "run [no] faster"and has stimulated many of them to

than we "have strength and means,"'and there are some things for achieve positions of distinguished which we must be willing to wait, and not be shortsighted in settling scholarship and important responsifor something second best, or far inferior, when, by more willingness bility in institutions of higher learnto work and to wait, we could acquire a greater competence, and ing.... The increasing size of [this]

more of the lasting values of life. It takes courage and character publication is indicative of the

and common sense to avoid extravagant, unwise commitments, to growth of educational leadership and invest time and effort in preparation for the future. But the surpassscholarship of the Church."'*

ing satisfaction of approaching our real potential is more important The directory, in 1961, included than speed, more important than insisting right now on something the names of 3,950 persons.

that isn't really essential. The Mormon educational heritage

also includes the founding of eight lAccredited to Emerson. presentday institutions of higher

=D&C 10:4. learning: the University of Deseret,

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Cokimbia now the University of Utah and an

Broadcasting System, October 14, 1962. Copyright 1962. outstanding school; Brigham Young

42 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE MIGRANT BIRD

Who sets the time to start their flight

Through open day and clouded night,

Our feathered friends upon their rounds

To faroff Arctic nesting grounds?

What Pilot leads through trackless space

That flying host's recurring race,

To meet again upon their rounds,

To mate on Arctic nesting grounds?

As tides must turn their inward flow.

And hack to deep shall surely go,

So migrant flocks to northern waste

Must halt, and, turn, and homeward haste.

But who shall time their backward flight

From icy floes and lengthening night,

The ceaseless wonder of their rounds

To sultry tropic feeding grounds?

A voiceless call, with meaning clear,

From somewhere, comes to inner ear.

It comes to them in hour of need.

And bids them hasten! Homeward speed!

God's law is writ on each life cell.

Who 'neath his guiding safety dwell,

The task to do, and how, and when.

"No sparrow falls without his ken."

BY J. CULBERTSON

JANUARY 1963 43 University, one of the nation's leadimage of the Mormons has been respect and leadership falling to the ing schools; the Church College of changed from one of "bad"to "good"Mormon people worldwide.

Hawaii, the islands'second largest; through, primarily, the vehicle of

the LDS Business College in Salt education; and more specifically, 'Harris, Franklin S., "Education of Latterday

Lake City; Ricks College, Idaho, the if this image has been changed by Saints,"The Improvement Era, January 1936.

nation's largest churchsupported Utah's inability to absorb her graduSee-Journal"Howof Discourses.the Desert WasVol. 8,Tamed,"p. 6. Part V,

junior college; Snow, Weber, and ates—hence an exodus of the eduJohn1947. A. Widtsoe, The Improvement Era, May

Dixie colleges, later deeded to the cated Mormon back into the gentile *See "Men of Science,"Richard T. Wootton,

state of Utah; and many high schools world; and, if the three institutions TheEducationalImproveinentLevel ofEra,the LatterdayFebruary Saints,"1944; "TheJohn

and elementary schools in the Westof higher learning in Utah where the A. Widtsoe and Richard L. Evans, The Improveern Hemisphere, plus the extensive majority of the Mormon youth is Attainmentsment Era, Julyof 1947;the Latterday"What AreSaints?"the EducationalJohn A.

seminary and institute system. educated are discharging more and Widtsoe,"Science TheEducationImprovementin UtahEra,andMaythe 1952;Church,"and

The conclusions drawn from the more of these Mormons ( proportionWayne B. Hales, The Improvement Era, Septemarticles by Astin and Kirkpatrick ately more than their share, accordber 'Directory1955. of Members of The Church of Jesus

point to a new scope of importance ing to Astin and other theories ), then andChristSchoolof LatterdayAdministration,Saints infourthHigheredition.EducationBrigfor the Mormon people. If the the coming years will find increased ham Young University, Provo. 1961.

These Times intelligence, and means of problemshould the UN typify Tennyson's solving among humans? Parliament of man, with capacity

{Continued from page 9) When Hugo's contemporary, Tenand wisdom to cope with ghastly nyson, foresaw the "common sense of "dew"from either earth, sea, or shall hold a fretful realm in awe. most"being able to "hold a fretful space—"there will be as many sects

And the kindly earth shall slumber, realm in awe,"including "ghastly and parties then as now."Or, with

lapped in universal law. dew"raining from the heavens, was Victor Hugo, assume that war and

"Locksley Hall"the English poet calculating man's dogmas are dead. What great quesfear and selfinterest? Or man's tions will still confront man?

Such sentiments are often, nowvision, intelligence, and sympathetic Undoubtedly, these questions are adays, referred to as sentimental regard for others? among the ones that should be asked

crackpots. Realism, rather than How does the kingdom of God in the time permitted each of us.

idealism, seems to mark the present; "go forth upon the earth... that

a realism compounded of cynicism the kingdom of heaven may come"?

and existentialism, and based on What questions should we ask our widespread acceptance of the abiliscientists, engineers, and research BEYOND THE REALM ties of scientists, engineers, and readministrators? How do we get,

search administrators to provide from them, those particular benefits BY JULIAN N. BILLS, JR.

the answers to the questions of which, according to ancient maxim, YOUNG WRITER "what next"and "how."come from God to those "who help

There should be no doubt as to themselves"? What questions do we The winds of ancient fantasy that

the ability of the scientists, engiask of others? Of ourselves? Of blew

neers, and research administrators him who gives "to all men liberally, Upon the minds of great philsophers, to answer many if not most of the and upbraideth not"? (See James Have kept a token memory that

questions put to them. The most 1:15.) lures

basic consideration as the world Perhaps in the New Year more of The modern man to seek and find moves into a New Year is whether us need to concentrate on asking the a new or not the right questions are being more appropriate questions. "Knock, Horizon in the depths of truth. Now

asked. Are some overlooked, glossed and it shall be opened unto you. through

over, especially the crucial ones? Seek,- and ye shall find."(See Matt. The Master Plan, his psyche's will

Victor Hugo's declaratory sen- 7:7.) But before knocking too much, refers

tences expressing some notions it may be useful to see if we are at To magnitude and dormant strength about the twentieth century conthe right doors. When we knock, that stirs

ceal some important issues. doors surely open. Inquiries into Fulfilment of the dreams which come

What forces, observable to a keen the hazards of radiation, the Chinato view.

mind in the nineteenth century, India situation, America's world Forever faithftd to his silent trust, would lead to the declaration that in posture, whether Russian communism He searches out and delves into the the twentieth, "war will be dead"? is becoming more virulent and subdeep

Was it that scientific weaponry, tle, or more vociferous and mild—all Mysterious hand of fate which forepushed beyond the expectations of these may be useful, coupled with ordains

utility, would make war an obsothe search for a faster speed than His claim of resurrection from the lete means of gaining objectives? Or that of light and a weightless fuel to dust.

was it that the progress of morals provide such speeds. However, asInto the future and unending steep

and education, and their benignity, sume with Brigham Young, that Incline of life, he heeds the Word would have produced greater love, when such questions are answered: and reigns.

44 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA cold'Weather starting, coldweather stalling, what worries me is whaVs

I can help you with. likewiseM to become of my tow truck.

Easy way to find out your battery's had it: Turn the key on a cold morning, when you're late for work. But try it

my way: Let me check it for you before it's too late. If you need a new one (and only if), I'll install an Atlas

battery—lowcost, highcapacity, with the rating stamped on it. It'll help keep you going, just like the Deicer in

my gasoline. (Guess I'd better keep my tow truck. Some people still insist on stalling around.) You

expect more from American—and you gel it. Your American Oil Dealer (iiSiJSSiJj

AMERICAN OIL COMPANY

JANUARY 1963 AS The Golden Key Eleanor smiled apologetically and On the morning in early May said she had promised to meet Helen when he mentioned a driving lesson, {Continued from page 23) Walsh at the library to plan a study Eleanor had begun to write letters.

group program. "Now that you're all right, we've got

morning to the special sale Walcott's A week later, at breakfast, Ray to tell the children about your illwas having on spring print dresses. announced, "I'm giving you a driving ness. It's only fair."She wrote four

The driving lesson would have to lesson today."Eleanor said, "Fine, letters, and Ray added a postscript

wait. but first we absolutely have to take to each.

Before going to bed, she slipped down the storm windows and put Replies came within a week. Frank

the gold keys into the bottom of a up screens."That turned out to be a and Helen, each married and with a

dresser drawer, beneath her lingerie. full morning's chore, for Ray had to family on the West Coast, suggested

A few mornings later, when Ray work slowly, with Eleanor's assistEleanor and Ray move West.

suggested they tackle the first lesson. ance; and afterward he had to rest. Maxine, a commercial artist in New

York, asked if they would like her to take a leave of absence and come home for awhile. And Ray, junior,

who taught in Denver and was unmarried, oflFered to do whatever Ray

Eleanor thought he could do to and [THE useful. KNOWING IS NOT ENOUGH be SPOKEN'WORD their letters one night, Answering

Eleanor paused. She glanced across

the living room at Ray, who was reading a novel he had intended to

RICHARD L. EVANS read twenty years ago, but hadn't.

"I'm reassuring the children,"she

We have talked of speed and direction, of working and waiting, and said. "I'm telling them we're well and

of preparation for the future. When we are young, we need to learn happy and busy; that everything is

that we need to learn; that we need to know, that we need to acquire in good shape."

competence. Knowledge, properly used, is power; it is a prerequisite Ray nodded. "Yes, reassure them,"

to competence. 'Tt is impossible for a man to be saved in ignorance."he said, and looked back to his book.

"A man is saved no faster than he gets knowledge."Goethe is Eleanor studied his face. There

accredited with a striking sentence: "Nothing,"he said, "is more had seemed an odd note in his voice.

terrible than to see ignorance in action."''These concepts are basic Perhaps it was just her imagination.

to the truth of all time. But in all this process of learning, in all our One afternoon she explained to him

education and eifort, we need to know that simply knowing is not the multitude of controls on their enough. There would seem to be ample evidence that Satan himself kitchen range, then showed him how

that were histhings—facts,knows much, butrules,thatlaws,he usescommandments,what he knowscauses,negatively.consequencesMany sheseasonedwent hamburgersabout making the herbfrom the farthest past to the present have been known to men, favorite. Another day she showed

ages, centuries since, but have not only been known but also ignored. him the secrets of preparing lima

And there are currently accumulating discoveries and evidences in beans in a sauce of tomatoes, brown many matters, which, because of appetites and other interests, are sugar, and vinegar. And another

frequently ignored—things pertaining to health, to peace, to competime she asked him to watch while

tence, to a quiet conscience. It is known that what a person eats, she mixed a salad dressing that he

how he lives, his habits, have much to do with his health, but appetite had often complimented.

may still persuade people often to act unwisely. It is known that But each time he mentioned drivmany things are not good for man, things unwise to partake of, ing lessons, she grew suddenly too

physically, mentally, morally. Men long have known the commandbusy. He tried to tempt her with

ments, the consequences of indulgence, of excesses, of dishonesty, the offer of a car of her own; but

falsity, infidelity, but still many feel they can "play it smart,"and she said he knew very well she somehow slip through, somehow be the exception, that they can set wouldn't put on fifty miles a year, in motion causes without realizing consequences. But in a day of and it would be money extravagantly

much learning, of much knowing, of increasing knowledge, we still spent. He asked if she would prefer

need to know how unwise it is to ignore what we know, to know that a professional driving instructor to we must follow the laws of health and happiness if we would have give her lessons, and she replied health and happiness. Knowledge, truth must be accepted, used, guilelessly, "Heavens no, Ray. I

acted on, lived by. Knowing is essential, but simply knowing is want to learn from you."

not enough. But she continued to make excuses, and he had the feeling she

D&C 131:6. didn't want to learn at all.

Joseph Smith, DHC, Vol. IV:588. In June they spent half of each

'Accredited to Goethe.

day in the large yard surrounding "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Columbia the house. Eleanor would weed the

Broadcasting System, October 21, 1962. Copyright 1962. roses on the east side of the house

46 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and the pansies along the back you. That's all that counts."were the keys to a kind of courage

porch, and the cannas beside the He resumed his paper, but Eleanor she did not want to learn. The courgarage. Ray would cut the grass and had the feeling she hadn't convinced age to become selfsufficient, the

pull weeds, enjoying the summer him. In fact, in her own ears, her courage to survive alone, if the time

sun. "I love you"had sounded a little came.

The letters from California, from flat. She despised these keys and all

Helen, began coming oftener. Each She couldn't imagine why. they meant. She wanted to hide

one implored Ray and Eleanor to In all our years together, she them somewhere so secret that she come West to live, and in each reply thought, we've said "I love you"would never, never be able to find

Eleanor would insist, "We are well thousands of times in thousands of them. Her fist clenched around the

and happy and want to keep living ways. Sometimes with words, somemetal.

here in our home. We may visit times with gifts, sometimes with the Why can't I be like Ray? she wonyou in the fall, but home is here."tiniest gestures or glances. In the dered. In the kitchen, standing

After writing a letter one July hospital, her joking and reassurance beside her while she taught him night, Eleanor smiled at Ray, perhad been a way of saying "I love cooking, he was so attentive and nonplexed. "I don't seem to convince you."Now what was he asking? chalant, such a good student, as

Helen that we're all right, that the What more did he want? though the mystery of cooking was

scare is over."Inside, in a little compartment of nothing to one who had survived the

He put aside his newspaper. "Is guilt, she knew. And she knew that mysteries of illness and recovery.

the scare over—completely over?"he she could not withhold this particuThe mystery patient, they'd called

asked. lar gesture of love. him.

Eleanor studied his face. "I'm not She went to the bedroom and But who was the mystery patient

sure what you mean, darling."opened the dresser drawer where now? All right. She admitted to

"Are you scared?—that's what I she kept her lingerie. She reached herself that she had lived with fear

mean."into the bottom and touched the for too many months. And still did.

She forced a laugh. "What an gold keys, cold against her hand. But what good was admitting it?

absurd thought. I'm not afraid of She took them out and held them She took a deep breath. Love had

anything. We're together, and I love in her hand, hating them. They been so easy twentyfive years ago.

- CLIP AND MAIL THIS COUPON

To: Travel Study Department

Brigham Young University Provo, Utoh

Please send me free information on the tour (tours) checked below.

NAME

ADDRESS

FINE ARTS TOUR OF EUROPE, Portugal, Spain, France,

TOUR OF EUROPE, 18 counTRAVEL WITH POLITICALHISTORICALtriesItaly, Greece, Austria, Germany, Scandinavia, England June 19 to Aug. 21 $1893 June 12 to Aug 8 $2030

EUROPEAN HIGHLIGHTS TOUR, 10 countries June 9 to July 12 $1352.

June 16 to Aug. 15 $1495. BYU STUDY STUDENT EUROPEAN TOUR, 13 countries

EUROPEAN ANCESTRAL HERITAGE TOUR, seven countries research for time genealogical with July 21 to Aug. 22 $1065 DDDDn BIBLE TOUR, GuateLANDS OF BOOK MORMON AND TOURS IN 1963

Portugal, Spain, Puerto Rico, Yucatan, mala, Mexico,

Italy, Greece, Egypt, Lebanon, Jordan, Israel Sept. 29 to Nov 4 $1995

CHURCH HISTORY, HILL CUMORAH PAGEANT TOUR, July 29 to Aug. 6

College credit by air fromfromSaltLosLakeAngelesCity $375$340

Experienced tour directors MORMONhigh school TRAILage andEXPEDITION,older, alongcampMormontour trailfor boys July 22 to Aug. 17 $275

Ride best planes, buses, ships HAWAIIAN SOCIOCULTURAL TOUR May 29 to June 12 $575.

Companions of like ideals AROUND THE WORLD TOUR, Hawaii, Japan, Formosa,

Thailand, India, Egypt, Lebanon, Hong Kong, Syria,

Israel, Turkey, Greece, stopover in Europe June 15 to Aug 2 $2850 See greatest scenic wonders aDD Jordan,

SPANISH LANGUAGE PROGRAM IN MEXICO June 18 to Aug. 10 $395

Learn of people, lands GERMAN LANGUAGE RESIDENCE PROGRAM IN June 12 to Aug. 20 $1129.

AUSTRIA Visit best concerts, galleries Dn FRENCH LANGUAGE PROGRAM IN FRANCE June 12 to Aug. 20 $1146.

Low cost, nonprofit tours

JANUARY 1963 47 Now it was so complex, so demandto smile.

She returned to the living room MARY FEELEY ing, so cruel. She forced herself

and swung the keys in her hand, lamplight catching the gold and Money causing reflections to skitter about the walls. "Ray,"she said, "how Management about a lesson tomorrow morning? I

Advisor, thinkHis I'meyesready."narrowed, studying her

"Right after see? was it compassion? Home Economist withbreakfast,"love and—what else did she he said gently.

She nodded. So this was the test, and Writer was it? To take the gold keys firmly

in her hand and use them as she just tells how to Live had.

I love you enough to prepare to 'Within Your Income live without you, she said silently.

That was what he wanted her to say;

but she would never put it into words.

Weekdays in needAnd to.now,Theperhaps,door thereof fearwaswasno

locked; the door of courage open;

and the mystery patient recovered, "Right after breakfast,"she echoed.

Of America's Great Newspapers

WITH STURDY WINGS

BY ROWENA CHENEY It has been said that dreams Are fragile things;

But all true dreamers know 520'* This is not so.

They know that dreams are strong, (Minimum purchase: two tables) With sturdy wings

Extra charge for delivery) Which are designed to bear

Cargoes of hope... and painTo rise again

When hurled to earth; to dare BANQUET TABLES Oppose a thousand foes

SALT LAKE CABINET AND FIXTURE Durable tubularsteel On every flight.

COMPANY just purchased an entire carfolding legs 29 inch of these 30 by load 96 by ABC Tempered masonite tops That dreams are fragile, frail, are passing Tables, and Folding Banquet the savings on to you. Rigid and durable, with 1%"steel aprons Is but a tale

sleek and stylish. These tables are made all around

to last! Wearever metal edge Told by the timid

CALL IN OR COME Williamson on top Who can claim no right Claude HU 4-6103

To dreams—SALT LAKE CABINET & FIXTURE COMPANY Who on a moonlit night e 1436 South West Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah Retreat before the challenge

Of that light:

The ones who are Sell GREETING CARDS & GIFTS Too cautious... and who stray

In Spare Extro too far Time Money Make or spare.KE BIG PROFITS—Full

in home. your right Organizations, business experience needed. No

serviceable beautiful, can YOU others shutins, can students, Away from love to wish upon a star. tliat comes cost on weavelow profits bonus. Just plus big housewives,make 100% to ready loomweave—Including Cards sight. sell on itemsto value top show accessories-! few a

up $1.00 of loom. costJust salable on approvwill thatSamples today pay Write weaving

folder, for loom for or return. al. 30 Pree fordays FREE then pay Try—samplestarted Get supplies. and threaded,rugsnecessarydaysSendon Offer, Details. forSales Gift Plan, Catalog, Free income! extra warpsto year around and thislowcard,now on

York Dept. 13, ER-5, N.Y, Broadway, 361 New HEDENKAMP, LIMA, Dept. OHIO 13 57 CO.easyprices wayOR. RUG

48 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

church Moves On You're the TOP!

( Continued from page 6

Glen L. Massey. President Peek was

serving as second counselor to President Massey. New counselors are

Elders Thomas Van Drimmelen, Jr.,

and Jack Evertsen. Elder John Van

Drimmelen, a brother of the new first counselor, was released as the first counselor in the retiring stake presidency.

n| It was'announced that Elder

Jay E. Welch, assistant conductor of the Tabernacle Choir, has

been appointed to the general music committee of the Church.

The appointments of Mrs. Celestia J. Taylor, Mrs. Anne

Gledhill, Mrs. Zola J. McGhie, and

Miss Belva Barlow to membership on the general board of the Relief

Society were announced.

im Butler (Salt Lake County) Stake, organized from portions of East Jordan Stake with Elder

James C. Taylor sustained as president and Elders L. Ronald Folkersen

and W. James Mortimer sustained ascounselors. The organization of this, INSURED

the 361st stake now functioning, was under the direction of Elder LeSAVINGS

Grand Richards of the Council of the Twelve and Elder Eldred G.

Smith, Patriarch to the Church.

Mesa South (Arizona) Stake, organized from portions of East Mesa

Stake by Elder Spencer W. Kimball

of the Council of the Twelve and You're at the very TOP when you save at Deseret Federal..

Elder Alma Sonne, Assistant to the where over 13,000 thrifty savers get TOP earnings, currently

Council of the Twelve. Elder Stan4y2%. TOP safety, each account is insured to $10,000 by a

ley F. Turley, formerly second counUnited States Government agency. TOPS in convenience with

selor in the East Mesa Stake, was two offices, Salt Lake and Provo. Fiftysix years of dependable

sustained as stake president, with service has earned Deseret Federal the enviable reputation as

Elders Lee K. Udall and Joseph N. one of America's safest and finest places to save Open

as counselors.Skousen This is the receive transfer to or you your savings TOP profits! DFS where stake362nd now functioning.

1st. before 20, earn from January January Accounts opened

Elder Joseph A. Farnsworth sustained as second counselor to President Egbert J. Brown of East Mesa OVER$22,000,000 IN ASSETS RESERVES NOW OVER $1,700,000

Stake succeeding Elder Stanley F.

Turley, new president of Mesa South

Stake.

Elder George F. Krebs sustained

as second counselor in the East Deseret Federal

Jordan Stake succeeding Elder Edward B. Erekson. SAVINGS & LOAN ASSOCIATION

44 SOUTH MAIN, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 95 NORTH UNIVERSITY AVE., PROVO

JANUARY 1963 49 Aids to the Revealed Doctrines be helpful to the reader here. Quesendorf himself had access to the

tions such as where the Apocrypha writings before 1866, and even then it was written in Greek. It wasn't(Continued from page 33) came from; how old is it; when did

it come to light; and who found it, until 1913 that it was translated and

should be mentioned. First of all, published in English. It will be reto account for them demands a more these writings were first edited and membered that Joseph Smith resatisfactory explanation than coincipublished in Greek by the wellceived the book of Moses during the

dence or mere chance. What were known biblical critic, Friedrich Konmonths of June to December 1830.

the sources that the Apocrypha and stantin Von Tischendorf in 1866. He Much of the material of the book of

Joseph Smith had in common? Was titled it, "Apocalypsis Mosis."The Moses had been printed in the

the Apocrypha available to Joseph manuscripts he used for his edition Evening and Moiming Star as early

Smith? were found during the years 1845as August 1832 and April 1833, but

A word about the Apocrypha may 46. Therefore, no one but Von Tischthe entire book was published by

1851.

The manuscripts which formed the basis of Von Tischendorf's Greek edition of this work are dated by the scholars between somewhere... THE UNWILLINGNESS centuries the fourteenth eleventh to 'THE

descholarship of weight SPOKEN The TO WAIT AD. WORD 'manuscripts all these that and clares

the later Latin, Slavonic, and Armenian versions were based on a Jewish original which has never been RICHARD L. EVANS brought to light. Speculations have

been made by various scholars as to

We have talked of working and waiting, and of postponing and prethe date of the Jewish original, but paring for a greater future good, and have cited a sentence which there is no unanimous agreement.

said: "The surpassing satisfaction of approaching our real potential The range of opinions is from the

is more important than speed, more important than insisting right First Century EC to the Fourth now on something that isn't really essential."There are many things Gentury AD, but somewhere just bein life for which we must be willing to wait. But too often, too fore or just after the beginning of

young, there is too much tendency to rush life, to have it all now, the Christian era has been the most to exhaust its experiences, to force and seize some things before acceptable theory.

their proper time and season—both material and intangible things Aside from the fact that the author

to crowd the future, to crowd the calendar and the clock, not only was thought to be a Jew, there is to forget eternity, not only to forget a future time, but also somevery little that can be said with any times, unhappily, even to forget tomorrow morning. "In.., modern certainty about him. Because the

society,"said David Starr Jordan, "there is a tendency to precocious major versions—the Latin, Slavic,

growth.... What is worth having must bide its time. Precocious fruit and Armenian texts—are undoubtedly

is not good fruit.... To guard [their] future is the greatest duty from earlier Greek manuscripts, it

of [youth]. If all men lived in such fashion that remorse was unhas been conjectured that Alexandria

known, the ills of society would mostly vanish.... The subtle incitemight have been the home of the

ment to vice... is shown in precocious knowledge, the loss of the author. In the case of the producbloom of youth, the quest for pleasures unearned because sought for tion no one questions the unity of

out of time."- Any premature harvest is likely to fall far short of authorship. There is nothing in the

expectation. Forced fruit, unripened fruit, is likely to be bitter. narrative, theology, style, or lan- (And it should be said that some fruit is bitter at any season—the guage to suggest a composite authorfruit of indulgence, of unwise pursuits and practices that lead to ship. It can be argued that the work

dissipation, to sorrow and loss of selfrespect and an unquiet conis also free of disturbing Christian science.) As Robert Burns said in Tam O'Shanter: f'But pleasures additions, which cannot be said of

are like poppies spread, ''You seize the flow'r, its bloom is shed; the Latin or other versions.Or like the snow falls in the river, "jA moment white—then melts The Latterday Saints declare that

for ever...."'There are some things for which we must be willing the source of the book of Moses was

to wait, and some things that not at any time should be partaken of, divine revelation from God to Joseph some things that never become worth the price paid. As to all values, Smith. The Prophet could not have

all pleasures, all experiences, we need to take a long look. Nothing is used the Apocrypha, since it was

deeply, lastingly desirable that isn't earned, deserved, properly acunknown at the time, and it was quired, and suitably so in season. brought to light after his death. The

circumstances surrounding the findiRichard L. Evans, The Spoken Word, October 14, 1962. ing and publishing of this manu-

'Starr David Burns, Robert Jordan,Tam O'Shanter,The Quest aforTale.Unearned Happiness. script, as well as the careful, critical

scholarship that has been done in "The spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Cohimbia the book precludes any notion that

Broadcasting System, October 28, 1962. Copyright 1962. its author used as a source the book

50 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of Moses from our Pearl of Great

Price. The Bible cannot be used to

explain these parallels as it does not contain the information. The parallels and similarities are so substantial that to account for them demands Bindings

a more satisfactory explanation than coincidence or mere chance. For a Permanent

It seems then that we have an Reference of The example of the idea stated earlier, Improvement Era that extracanonical literature ofttimes contain important truths. PerFor 12 issues in handhaps future scholarship in the vast

quantities of other extant literature some covers only $3.30.

will offer even more evidence to All orders should be substantiate the divine inspiration in accompanied with 12 the work of the Prophet Joseph Improvement Eras and

Smith. payment in advance,

FOOTNOTES plus postage for return mail.

Journal of Discourses, Vol. 14, p. 160.

Ihicl, Vol. 1, p. 335.

'Ibid., Vol. 11, p. 375.

4D&C 68:2-4.

-Ibid., 90:13.

"Ibid., 91.

"In a broad, general sense, the pseudepigrapha books [technically "false, spurious writings"] are marginal books that were never included in the Alexandrian community [The Septuagint] as were the

Apocrypha, and also were excluded from the Palestinian Jewish Canon. These

pseudepigrapha books are attributed to ancient renowned leaders such as Enoch,

Moses, Daniel, and Ezra, etc.

**For the most complete scholarly works about the Apocalypse of Moses as well as the other books of the Pseudepigrapha, see

R. H. Charles, The Apocrypha the Bridge

Between the Testaments, New York:

Charles Schribner's Sons, 1929: M. R.

James. The Lost Apocrypha of the Old

Testament, New York: Macmillan Co.,

1936; R. H. Pfeiffer. The History of the

New Testament with an Introduction to the

Apocrypha,, New York: Harper and

Brother's 1949; N. H. Snaith. The Jews

from Cyrus to Herod, New York, Abingdon

Press, 1957; Charles C. Torrey. The

Apocryphal Literature, New Haven: Yale

University Press, 1948.

'Apoc. 1:1.

AN IDEAL GIFT FOR Weddings, Birthdays, Servicemen, Missionaries, Friends,

New Members EDUCATION Lovely gift card sent BY GRACE BARKER WILSON in your name FOLDING Education is not memory Send only $3.00 for PEDESTAL TABLES

Filed for future use. 12 big issues to ingDirectto Churches,from factorySchools,savBut acquiring taste for knowledge, Ciubs,zations.LodgesMONROEand all organi1962 Learning to produce; The Improvement Folding Banquet Tables are

Seeing new relationships, Partitions bility/unmatchedconveniencefor quality,and handdura- Era some appearance. 94 models and sizes for Eager to explore use. Write for every

Street State South Fields experience 135 broad of BIG FREE1962 CATALOG

Salt line Full tables, chairs, pictures. 11, Lake City Utah Color MONROE done Never before. trucks, platformrisers, table portand chair

able partitions. Write today!

THE MONROE CO.. 249 Church St., Colfax, Iowa

JANUARY 1963 51 MELCHIZEDEK Below are shown facsimiles of group MelPRIESTHOOD chizedek Priesthood reports for 1963. In

order for group secretaries to complete these accurately, steps to take are illustrated.

If these are followed there should be no difficulty in completing them.

The group secretary proceeds as follows MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD GROUP REPORT MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD GROUP

qui fullv only orianiied sinK thia form U* |[iniie<l hit qunrum. in not bri.nrhfH thli foria ward* or onlf Vm figures enter 1st report fiil!< week to The report prepr*d Thi forW

. mi.i: - thi)ul(i laatThia '- - liy imme<!iHtf|y -riilllo"officcra. Make 'hoi>kthethe firaup inbe referenceiwrrelary -oriKinsl- --thesent QUIQunrumfor "'The meetingii Utt

filled.. ia evrry thecertain. item innth.'fllledduplirat* be of> properlytrie every itfmeerUlAlh show group. your (We will and, there ia b incomplete report properly....Withont report important. Yourthaiicroup Ilt<le Hout.lh quortin lalui at therefore, and, inromplele be 111 report Itout.theduplicite'Without ii quorum inporlant. reiMft Yourthaiicroup

group.) hypothetical

the of Report.. of Quorum, the / Group of thReport

< S**tnt<. >Hia>i Prlnii. total on 'M, correct at arrive To

. Ward, in Stflke, Living the Ward, in theLiving follows: as line add Branch A Branch

For month of..19 Beginning with line 2 - 7 For month of

- Leadership meetings?. hold regular you Group 1 Do reirular Leadership hold Group youDo 3a

this month?.How many If so, often? how - so, meetiiifrs? How many thiit r If often? how 2 3b m-K. - liKUresek 3 3c BIhH.

4th 5th - 1 H 3d / 1""1. enrolled enrolled Number Number - 1 |——

, in 2. B 3e attendance actually actually in attendance Number Number

absent due to: absent 3. Number Number due to: 15 IB Mission (a) Fulltime (a) Fulltime Mission

Military Service (b) Service (b) Military

(c) Living (c) Living Away from Home,, Away from Home MLi——

(d) Other Church assignment at thai hour To arrive at correct number, (d) Other Church assignment at that hour assignment without elsewhere without elsewhere Attending Attending meeting assignment meeting line 5: for

excused and *''c**d present present End ''TOTAL(e) L i.".t I ") 1 line -19 from 'v1:ra(;e'FOR ']'!jjj'''FOR NOT NOT ACCOUNTED ACCOUNTED NUMBER 4. NUMBERTOTAL(e)

line - 15 5. subtract 4 A I) 1) Line Line Line Line (Deduct 4 from from (Deduct.l.,.n ) #

actually in attendance Number absent due Number to: A 6.7. NumberNumber actuallyabsent duein attendanceto:

(a) Fulltime Mission (a) Fulltime Mission (b) Military Service;. (b) Military Service

. (c) Living from Away from Home Living Away Home correct at arrive

(d) at that assignment hour Other Church at that assignment hour tofa (c)(d) Other Church line 8, as follows: add (e) without assignment elsewhere without Attending aaaignment for meeting elsewhere meeting (e) Attending

fj";; present excused and TOTAL excused and I'

NOT ACCOUNTED NUMBER FOR "'-") ACCOUNTED NOT 8. NUMBERTOTALpresent FOR Begin with line 7a6 --61 9. -'- Line Line t) (Deduct & from Line 1) 8 from (Deduct Line

10. Those living away from home corresponded with during month.

filled 11. Assignments one have Church or more who Number filled month during Assignments during month 11. one have Church or more who Number

visits 12. officers of by during group month Number visits officers during of month by 12. group Number

business 13. attending meeting. monthly quorum Number business meeting, attending 13. monthly quorum Number—

Sijned SUrned... Signed.

AddresB. Address

Prinud la U.a.A.

MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD GROUP REPORT

Uae IhU form on); in iiirtti or branrhe* n 1 full> orianiied q

certainthe lailThiYorthatKTOUPreportreporttverymeelinfciitatoiteminporlant.be ofiipreparedproperlythe monthWithontin filledduplirate.Theitout.theduplicatTheqnoruai rerl "ill be incomplete and. therefore, of little value. At the end of each succeeding week in

Report of the I Quorum. the month do the same as above for

Living in the BranchWard. Stake, Week 2, Week 3, Week U (and Week 5

For month of. if there is one).

hold regular Group Leadership meetings? you Do

often? How many this month? Now to arrive at correct averages for If so, how the month—(righthand column)

1. Number enrolled ff l<l'2:l 20 2. Number actually in attendance 6 8 1st Step: Add

3. Number absent due to:

(a) Fulltime Mission

(b> Military Service (c) Living Away from Home (d) Other Church assignment at ll it hour without (e) Attending meeting elsewhere

ll assignment 11 15 20 VCRAGE NUMBER NOT ACCOUNTED FOR (Deduct Line 4 from Line 1),,,

in attendance actually 6. Number to: Divide by (Take figure to nearest 7. abaent due Number

(a) Fulltime Mission (five if there are decimal. If

Military Service (b)

(c) Living Away from Home five weeks) more than.5 add 1)

(d) Other Church assignment at that hour elsewhere without Attending assignment meeting this Do for present."won')"""M IS J4

9. NOT flJ*',;FOR ACCOUNTEDand excused 8. NUMBERTOTAL(c) all. is That

B from 1) Line Line (Deduct each line through #9 m i?

Number who have filled one or more Church Assignments during month Now enter the figures for

Number of viaits by group officers during month,, lines 10 to 13 in their approNumber attending monthly quorum business meeting priate lines.

Signed Signed Sign and give to quorum secretary immediately at the month's end.

Quorum secretaries make quorum reports by combining the group reports. The method to use is here shown.

Make a composite report from the four group reports, assuming there are 4 groups. (High Priests will have

more.

REPORT OD GROUP REPORT OD GROUP REPORT OD GROUP REPORT

Kiniznl quorgm. riraRited quorum,

creliry'hy immediately(troup officers.followinirMk* inbe theMnlrollto bixikthe quorumfor reference*etrtaryby immediatelyRrijup officeri,foilowinRAlihr

mpleic and, (hrreforc, of littl* valur. b incomplete iikI, therefore, of llllle be JBcowpleie aiid Ihenror*, r Utile 'Iua\P

Group of the i-JCr Quorum. Quorum, Group of the OtX Quorum,

rd, stake. Stake. ichrd, Stake,

.., 19., many this month? many this month? many this month? for

iBt 2nd 3rd 4th I 6th AverarrfoTthis Month Ut ir\d 3rd "nguret4ih 'Sth groupno. attending1-7 add

3 - 6 k - 5

meritI) ment /

iment ment /

[Ting month. ring month rin? month

ments during month. nents durtnjf month.. ments doring month..

t. gned... gned.. gned..

ddresB ddress jdress

Compute each line in the Melchizedek Priesthood Quorum Report column for the 1st week in the same manner

.Qunrum HunWrl k PrtntL SnMIItt. ) For lines 4, 5, and 9, use the

For Slake same method as is shown for

ACTtALEACH -HOWrnR WTEKriCt'BE

Wk W Wk 'X WrrH FOXavibaCKTHia com,puting(opposite pagethe groupexhibitsheetsI).

1, Number enrolled 72 Then compute the columns for

2 26 the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th weeks and

:) \o: due obwnl Number enter them.

(a) Fulltime Mission i Military (b) Service s

! (c> Living from Home Away

RIGHTHAND THE FOR g AVERAGES, USE OF COLUMN 4 TOTAL(e) Atlondinfipre.senimeelitiRand excu.sedelsewhere|,'',"',,!|'"7without'""''assignment '''"'"""''''E "

i. 5 FOR ACCOUNTED SHOWN METHOD THE

-1 lr.11.1 lineNOT NUMBER(IH'diict lino 1) FOR 1 SHEET GROUP COMPUTING

. iifliiiillv in iiiuticliiii.'f Niimbor

1 II, OPPOSITE (EXHIBIT 7. labHent lo: dtir Number i

{a) Fulltime Mi.s:.iim PAGE).

(b) Military Service

\ (c) Living from Awny Home

ll) Cinircli OihiT A>simiMicni thm hour m the information Enter asked for nieetiiiE AitendiiiE elsewhere without

pri-.'seni in lines '"'assignment'*"* avkkacf u excused TOTAL(0) to #1A. #10 );;; l;;'"! aji 8:indACCOUNTED VoR

.: '1 1 line- (UodiLclNUMBER line NOTH T) In.m

1(1. Those liviiiR away (nun home curresponded with during month...

11. duringNumbermonthwho hnvc filled one or more Church assignments

12. Visits to tnemben:

(n) of Confidential Visits Numberthis to Annual year date made.

of other Number by quorum or group (b) o/Ticcrs this monthvisits in. Number attending nionlhly quorum business meeting

14. Number of Quorum Presidency Council Meetings held this month.

Signed Signed As soon as completed send to the

Address Address stake secretary of the

Melchizedek Priesthood, THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC'S PAGE

BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

To begin, I shall tell you boys a story about a horse, the name of which was Dandy. He was a fine colt,

wellbred, and I enjoyed him greatly.

But he resisted restraint; he did not

like to be tied up and objected to wearing a bridle. Very often when

tied to a fence, he would rub his bridle off. He would not run away;

he would stand, but he wanted to be free. Sometimes he untied another

horse that was near him. He hated

being fenced in and would look for a place in the fence where he might get out. When he found the gate, he

would find the way to open it. No

better horse ever responded to his rider. I liked the way he would go

up to something of which he was afraid. He had confidence that if

he would do as I bade him, he would not be injured. I loved Dandy.

But one day, it was easy for Dandy to break away from the pasture; the

gate in some way had been left unlocked. He saw it, pushed it open,

took another horse named Nig with him; and they went out of the pasture,

free to do as they pleased. Together

they visited the neighbor's field. They

went to an old house used for storage.

Dandy's curiosity prompted him to push open the door. There was a

sack of grain. What a find! Yes, and

what a tragedy! The grain was

poisoned bait for rodents! In a few

minutes Dandy and Nig were in spasmodic pain, and shortly both were dead.

54 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA How like Dandy are some of our boys! They defy heaven. "If any man will do his will, he shall know

the advice of parents; they resent the interference of of the doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether

bishops or their advisers and will not listen to them; I speak of myself."(John 7:17.)

they want to be free restive spirits, but it is unwise. One day the prayer offered on the hillside in HuntsDandy found that violation of principles of right and ville was answered, but it came not as a testimony,

of restraining suggestions leads often to unpleasantbut merely as a confirmation. Elder James L. McMurness, disaster, and death. And so I say: rin, who was in the presidency of the European

Mission, was presiding in a conference of elders "Keep your faith in the God above, assembled in a small room in Glasgow, Scotland. All

And faith in his righteous truth; at once, one of the elders arose and said, "Brethren,

'Twill bring you back to your absent love there are angels in this room!"Well, it did not seem

And the joys of a vanished youth. to be remarkable; it was in harmony with the spirit

manifest in the room. I did not say anything.

"You'll smile once more when your tears are dried. Then I was surprised when President McMurrin—

Meet trouble and swiftly rout it; one of the choicest and noblest men that ever

For faith is the strength of the soul inside, lived—arose and said, "Yes, brethren, there are angels

And lost is the man without it."in this room."I had prayed for a manifestation as

—Edgar A. Guest a boy, and it came as a confirmation; that is all. Then

Brother McMurrin continued, "One of them is the

When I was a boy, I yearned, as you boys are guardian angel of that young man sitting there,"and yearning, to know that Joseph Smith's vision was he pointed to John Young, who afterwards became right and true and that this Church was really patriarch of Woodruff Stake. "The other is the

founded by revelation as Joseph Smith claimed, and guardian angel of that young man there,"and he when I was a boy I thought that the only way we pointed to young David Eccles from Weber County.

could gain a testimony of the truth of this was by Tears were running down their cheeks, as they were some revelation—some miraculous manifestation—just down the cheeks of others in that audience. And

as came to the Prophet Joseph. One day, while I then—I am giving you a heart petal—he turned to me

was riding my horse upon a hill, hunting some stock, I and said, "David, as the Lord Jesus said to Peter, threw the reins over the horse's head and let him Satan hath desired you, that he may sift you as stand, and knelt down by a serviceberry bush and wheat, but I have prayed the Father for you; and if

asked the Lord for a manifestation, some feeling that you will keep the faith, you shall yet sit in the prewould testify in me that John the Baptist did appear siding councils of the Church."(See Luke 21:3132.)

to the Prophet Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery, I give you that testimony, boys:

that God did appear himself as well as his Son to the

Prophet Joseph. I believe I prayed just as earnestly "Do your duty, that is best.

as ever a boy did pray. I arose, put the reins over Leave unto the Lord the rest."

my horse's head, mounted in the saddle, and started again up the hill. This is what I said to myself: More important than reason is the assurance that

"Well, if I am honest, I am just the same boy that I comes from the spirit—the assurance that the Lord

was when I knelt down to pray; there is no change and Savior Jesus Christ is the head of this Church

in me; there is no miraculous manifestation."On and is guiding it, as he has guided it since he and

other occasions, I did the same when I crossed Spring his Father appeared to the Prophet Joseph Smith.

Creek in the evening to milk cows. I ask God to continue to bless you that you will

Later, I was called to go on a mission. I responded, remain true to the priesthood that you hold, for it

and was appointed to Glasgow, Scotland. By that comes directly from John the Baptist, who received it

time, I had learned that the best way to get a testifrom his Lord and Savior. In your youth do not let

mony is not by a manifestation, but by the spirit which temptation lead you astray. Be true to the ideals

results in doing the will of ovir Father which is in of your parents.

JANUARY 1963 5S o c o UN Fu-K TO e 3 TODAY'S FAMILY, FLORENCE B. PINNOCK, EDITOR

C Standing on tiptoe can you see out of your rut? Year by year, day by

day, act by act, we dig our own little private ruts deeper and deeper.

One excuse for doing the same thing over and over again is that the repetition of an act can give a sense of security. You've done it before,

you can do it again, you know how, and if you are really wideawake } C in your little old rut, as you repeat each act you will learn from experience and eliminate mistakes. In this way yovir rut is widened. Only

those who are not aware of their errors dig long, narrow, deep ruts.

c No rut should be so deep that you can't, from a standing position, jump ) out of it. There are good ruts and bad ruts. Ruts we should stay in

C yearlovingaftercompletelyyear suchare asgoodhsteningruts. attentively,As we deepenlearningtheseconstantly,ruts we giveand

depth to our characters. Work at making these ruts so attractive that

it is easy to cuddle down deeper and deeper.

When anyone says to you, "Get out of your rut,"analyze carefully whether you are burying yourself ahve with constant repetition of the same wrong or dull thing until life takes on a gray dreary color or if you are becoming a more alive, whole, interesting person by the repetition of good habits.

January is the best time of the year to take inventory. Now is the

time to make concrete suggestions to yourself of changes needed to be made in order to be that vital person you would like to be. Something

new should enter a person's hfe often. Read a new book, see a fine

new play, cultivate a new friend. Each day, in some way, do something

you have never done before. Tasks lighten when interest is awakened.

List the ruts you should climb out of—

iWc MoK nUG

At your house is it No fun to get upJust the same old breakfastNo fun to open the hmch sackJust dry sandwiches and a piece of sticky cake!

No fun to come home at nightJust meat, potatoes, and gravy!

No fun to come to a party at your houseJust "no imagination"food!

No fun at all?

You are in a rut!

Here is a place to begin if you are in the "no fun"rut. A

rut to jump out of this January, making February to December, "fun to"months.

Try adding a surprise to breakfast

1. Hot bouillon served with a "light as air"omelet.

2. Coconut and chopped raisins sprinkled over sliced oranges.

3. Postum made with milk and stirred with a cinnamon stick.

4. Stewed tomatoes with a hint of onion served with the

scrambled eggs.

5. Bacon waffles. Spoon waffle batter onto waffle iron

and place strips of bacon on top of batter and bake on iron or dice cooked crisp bacon and add directly to the waffle batter.

6. A "good morning salad"of firmly packed, V cup light corn Heat, stirring occasionally. Garnish

fruit. syrup, and a dash of salt. Cook over with minced parsley. 6 servings.

7. Cereal cooked in milk and low heat, stirring constantly, until 5. Lamb stew with parsley dumpsweetened with honey and flavored sugar is thoroughly dissolved. Slowly lings. For the parsley dumplings

with grated orange rind. blend in V2 cup evaporated milk. sift together 1 cup sifted enriched

8. Chopped nuts sprinkled over Remove from heat; cool. flour, IVz teaspoons baking powder,

hot cereal. 2. Dried chipped beef served over and V2 teaspoon salt. Add 1 table-

9. Cream of tomato soup served steamed yams, Frenched string beans spoon minced parsley. Combine one

as a drink with French toast. heated with paper thin slices of beaten egg with Vs cup of milk and

10. Eggs in toast cups and sprinonion, cabbage salad, and apple 1 tablespoon fat. Add to sifted dry

kled with pieces of crisp bacon. To crunch. ingredients, stirring only until flour

make the cups cut crusts from bread, 3. Short ribs with raisin sauce. is moistened. Drop dumplings by

brush both sides of bread with Brown short ribs in fat and pour tablespoonsful on the stew. Cover

melted butter. Fit each into a mufoff drippings. Season with salt and tightly and continue to cook slowly

fin pan cup. Toast at 325 degrees F. 20 minutes. 6 servings.

for about 15 minutes. Remove from 6. Spiced beef patties, noodles

oven and break an egg into each cup. with onion gravy. To dress up beef

Season and dot with butter. Cover patties prepare this spicy sauce as a

with foil and return to oven and topping; Va cup catsup, 2 tablespoons

bake about 10 to 12 minutes. prepared mustard, 1 teaspoon brown

THE HELPFUL PAST sugar, and % teaspoon cloves. To

Fun and nourishing lunch stretch any leftover roast gravy add bag ideas BY LOIS SNELLING a can of condensed onion soup and serve hot over noodles.

1. Chopped meat turnovers in 7. Winter sausage. Add grated

place of sandwiches. We cannot change the past; raw apple to sausage patties for a

2. Chopped peanuts added to It is gone forever away. nice variety. To 1 pound of bulk

ground ham and salad dressing for But, unforgotten, it serves pork sausage add 1 sHce of bread a nourishing sandwich filling. broken into very small pieces, 1 egg

3. Dates stuffed with creamed As a guide for a newer day. and V2 cup of grated apple. Shape

cheese. mixture into 6 patties. Place on a

4. Graham crackers put together The errors we made hist week. rack in open roasting pan. Bake at

with creamed cheese. 350 degrees F. for 45 minutes or

... until well done. 5. Dried fruit dampened and rolled Mistakes of the month before.

in powdered sugar and stuffed with Now that they're well understood. 8. Mix apple sauce and crushed

nuts.

Need never be made any more. pineapplevanilla ice andcream.serve as a sauce over 6. Corned beef sandwich. Break

the corned beef into pieces and 9. Add sour cream to hot drained

combine it with pickle relish, preThe past is a storage vault cooked macaroni. Season with salt,

pared mustard, and mayonnaise. From which we are able to borrow pepper, and chopped green onion.Season to taste and spread on rye 10. Yummy fruit salad. Roll babread. The aid that experience lends nana in mayonnaise to which a

7. Spiced apple cider or apple For a wiser, better tomorrow. dash of lemon juice has been added,

juice—good with ham on rye. then roll in chopped nuts. Cut

8. Thinly slice the top off hambanana in large thick slices and

burger buns. Scoop out the center, serve with grapefruit sections on

butter, toast lightly. Fill with egg crisp greens.

salad and sprinkle with minced 11. Cover deviled eggs in a caschives. Cover with top of bun. serole with sour cream and sprinkle

9. Sandwich made with three parts pepper. Add a quartered onion. with cheese and bake.

salted peanuts and 1 part carrot put Combine Va cup brown sugar, 1 tea12. Arrange slices of hard cooked

through grinder. Spread on graham spoon dry mustard, 1 tablespoon eggs on toast, cover with hot cheese

bread. flour, 2 tablespoons vinegar, 2 tablesauce, and sprinkle with finely

10. Scoop out the core of an apple spoons lemon juice, 4 teaspoon chopped parsley.

and fill with chopped raisins. grated lemon rind, 1 bay leaf, IV2 Try a new recipe each week; be

cups water, V2 cup raisins. Pour over adventuresome. Don't wait for your

"Fun to come home to"foods the short ribs. Cover tightly and neighbor to try it for you. Just folcook slowly 2 hours or until the low directions carefully, and you will

1. Plain rice pudding or vanilla meat is tender. Thicken sauce with be surprised with the excellent repudding topped with an Almond flour if desired. sults. How long has it been since

Praline Sauce. In a saucepan melt 4. Garden chowder. Blend 2 cans you checked your own recipe files

1 tablespoon butter. Add 2 tableof condensed cream of celery soup, and came up with an old forgotten

spoons slivered almonds; saute until 1 soup can of milk, 1 soup can water, favorite? Soon your food rut will

lightly browned. Add 2 tablespoons Vs teaspoon thyme. Add 1 cup disappear, and it will be fun to get

butter, 1 cup light brown sugar, drained cooked mixed vegetables. up in the morning.

S8 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FILMS DEVELOPED AND PRINTED r5il For any 6, 8 or 1 2 Exposure B & W Roll

JUMBO PRINTS only 35c per Roll

COLOR FILM DEVELOPING KODACOLOR 8-Exposure Roll per Dev. and Printing $2.55 roll

12Exposure Roll per Dev. and Printing $3.00 roll

Color Reprints 20c each COLOR SLIDES 135 mm Color Slid es per 20 exp., Dev. and Mount $1.35 roil

J 35 mm Color Slid es per 36 exp., Dev. and Mount $2.40 roll

Color Movie per 8 mm, S'Roll $1.35roll

GENEALOGY PHOTOS NEGATIVES MADE of OLD PHOTOS, 60c each. PRINTS

of NEGATIVE, 4c eoch $end coin only - no C.O.D.'s

INFORMAL HOME NIGHTS MoneyBock Guarantee

BY BEVERLY ROMNEY CUTLER SAM'Sp. O. Box 1 1 1 5 Dept.PHOTOAA Salt Lake City,LABUtah

Part II

scripture. holilearn a prayer afternoons and and on new SundayOn binding your Eras by them Keep learning the currently are special occasionsdays have and (We we in binders. Era Improvement

isn't It of Faith.) Articles explanation night."an informal "home An for $2.00. only Available now

is as the to given procedure, a definite byplanned meanwith Mommy but it is one of the choicest parts of ing of the scripture, and we have a Send your check or money order the week. I especially enjoy it durdiscussion concerning the principle to

ing the winter. Then while the involved and its importance in helpground is covered with snow and our ing us have a happy life. The chilThe Improvement Era

world seems wrapped in cold white dren have a chance to explain in 135 South State Street beauty, we sit inside before a cozy their own words what it means to Salt Lake City 11, Utah fire. We read and talk about sethem. They practise it until they

lected parts of the scriptures. We all know it well.

with gives a lesson tell stories Mother the flames whilewatch we flannel ADDING MACHINE 98 little."blackboard, drawings on the"about were Those cutouts, when we

-are the children's favorite stories of or other visual aids. Then the chilADD+ SUBTR.- MULT.X DIV.

quickly,all. operations all 4 to teach the Does opportunity an have those dren love to hear about They

to accurately. subtracts Adds & in lesson taught they wereancient times Sunday grandpa when to we and use. Carry Easy one billion!

and grandma were small. School that morning. I guess by case.in pocketQualityor purse!made Leatherettein Annerica!

guarantee. back Agents Money finishes child the time our youngest nuts toast marshand We crack

2 for $3.69. wanted. $1.98; School ice program, Sunday eat the Churchmallows and homemade In Pennsylvania). Tax (Add 4%

lessons will or have heard some he enjoy eachcream popcorn as we THUMB oe?tj7V''a TOM

fire. to partimes. other's love dozen the They all around As company BETHAYRES, PENNSYLVANI

we listen to beautiful music or sing, ticipate and listen, though, and their many hugs and expressions of love questions and comments about the are given, and we all feel very very gospel subjects show that the teachhappy. ings in these lessons are having great

Nearly every Sunday we have a force in their lives. They must lisIN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS

home Sunday School. Mother is the ten very attentively in their classes, Aids in treatment of Canker, simple

Junior Sunday School coordinator, so they can teach the other children. sore throat and other minor mouth

and the children are the teachers and I'm sure I've heard them use some and throat irritations.

the pupils. We have a song and words they hadn't known and which

HALL'S REMEDY Salt Lake City. Utah

JANUARY 1963 59 were a wordfor-word repetition of don asked, "What was the first airWe have sometimes had a halfsomething a teacher had said. plane that ever went?"Bobby dozen miniature apple pies in the

The children Hke to copy down replied, "The one that the Right oven along with the two big ones the poems or scriptures they were Brother and the Left Brother made."that are baking for supper.

given and mount them on a card One needn't live in the nation's During one activity time we arto hang by their beds. They Hke capital to find places for family exranged a seashell display, and the

to have the other children make a cursions. Every area has its hischildren drew pictures of marine life

figure of a child kneeling in prayer torical sites, its parks, and its to place around it. During other

or a picture of how we can show locations where various aspects of activity times we arrange and paste love. natural history can be learned about pictures and photographs into scrapAmong the nicest of our special and enjoyed. Most people live withbooks. On other occasions we plan

family occasions are our weekly in commuting distance of fairs or and arrange a display for the pin- "family excursions."For many years art galleries or pony rides or home up board in the play room. We vary

we have had an established custom shows or zoos. There is beauty the display to suit the month or speof going as a family each Saturday everywhere. A short run to the cial holiday. In January we make

to some point of interest (not the mountains or lake or a drive through lacy snowflakes and winter scenes supermarket—traditional American the countryside to see the blossoms to mount on pastel shades of paper.

shopping doesn't count). In February we make a display of

is a regularly excursion schedThe RED CHECKS valentinesLincoln, Georgeand picturesWashington,of Abrahamor the part of ouruled do week when we something special together as a BY LOUISE DARCY Washington Monument. At Easter

family. I get the cleaning and other time one can find nice pictures dejobs done earlier in the week so that A redchecked cloth can make a table picting Christ's resurrection. In July

Saturday will be free for a pleasant bright the display board is gaily decked in time with Bob and the children. We When on it falls the sun with slantbright flags and figures of pioneers

have thought often how very iming light; and Indians. In the fall there are

portant it is to plan to have a With vivid touch it makes a kitchen borders of orange, red, and yellow family excursion each week. If it is leaves with pictures of children raknot a regularly scheduled event, the Although, outside, the winter skies ing leaves, designs made by spattertime passes and the "we regoing-toare gray. ing paint around collected leaves,

gothere-someday places"don't get Here is a crimson background for and pumpkins. Later one can find

visited. I am sure that we have seen the cup turkeys with bright feathers. Pilmany more places than we ever Of steaming cocoa when I first get grims, Christmas cards designed and

would have seen if we had not set up up, made by the children, cutouts of our family excursions. A flaming signal I shake at the door, camels and sheep, and figures of

Our children have benefited A brilliant accent to each kitchen Mary, angels, shepherds, and a very greatly from our family excursions. chore. special Baby.

On the way home we talk about what Grandmother used checked cloths of Activity time also finds us making we enjoyed most of the things we white and red, clocks, windmills, Indian villages, saw. We have an opportunity to "Red looks so warm"my mother covered wagons, and handcarts,

explain more fully about these things. often said; boats, and puppets. We sometimes

When we arrive home, the children And here upon my table, row on row. put our heads together and think up

draw pictures of some of the objects Red checks now share with me their a play during activity time, deciding they saw. We have found that the cheerful glow, on props, scenery, and dialogue. me that from the pastchildren their Reminding into incorporated have fun all during the day We have can spill activitiesthoughts talking, toplaying, and creative many just being and

of the ideas they picked up on exRemembered beauty I may treasure gether. From the time they were

still. cursions. For instance, after a visit tiny they have gone places hand in

to the Freer Gallery of Oriental Art, hand and have taken care of each

Sherrie made a painting of a flowerwould bring happiness to families other and have enjoyed being tofilled wagon, painting the flowers in everywhere. gether. It surely is a joy tO'me

the soft muted shades she had seen One part of our day which the to be able to be with them. I

in the art gallery. Joyce used the children look forward to very much often stop and look at my family

same type of simple, expressive is the activity time. Each child has during the day or at night when

strokes she had seen to make some a day during the week when it is his we are all playing together, and I lovely birds flying above Japanese turn to choose what we will do tofeel a surge of joy going through pagodas. gether during a halfhovir to an hour me and a deep sense of gratitude

The children have gained a great period after the girls come home to God for blessing me so richly.

deal of knowledge about a wide from school. This is to be a creative I sometimes think to myself, "Could

range of subjects through our exactivity time. I think the children's I ever be happier any time during

cursions. They may be a little off favorite activity is baking. They eternity? Could I ever love more?

on the exact details, but they get the love to sift and measure and roll out Could anything ever be more wongeneral idea. About a year ago dough and cut it into fancy shapes. derful than our life right now?"

while Bobby and Gordon were They get out their own pans and We have such good times playing sitting at the breakfast table, Gormake tiny cookies and small pies. together. During the days while

60 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the girls are at school I have a play time with the boys outside. We

throw and catch the ball and laugh together as we follow the leader or play wood tag.

Early on cool spring mornings we take walks to see the first crocuses, the bright green blades of grass, and the delicate pink apple blossoms, and feel the thrill of the awakening plants.

During the summer we have great fun playing "dodge ball,""hide and seek,""duck, duck, goose,""no bears are out tonight,""stop tag,""relays,"or "drop the handkerchief."

On crisp autumn mornings we crunch through the leaves and watch the brilliant oak leaves drift down to the ground before us. I have a

chance to explain about the wonderful processes of nature as the chilWARTIH dren collect berries, nuts, and seeds.

In the pleasant Indian summer afterflUVUIUmHU'llitiniTOH.; mill Ml'"itl I '*! ilMniiiiiiiiiliirintiinitiMi(iMi>iiiiiitMiiiiiii>ii\<itimf[irniii\i\iiwi'iiii|if|irilf|ilftiitlT('l)i/)<nit(/f

noons they cover themselves with.. rates a Btgelow on the floorleaves and call Mommy to "come and A title on the door

find us."They rake huge piles "to p. S. Coaching a group of stalwart salesmen? Impress them with a thick, rugged

surprise Daddy."Before Daddy gets Bigelow on your office floor—then watch the team get out there and fight for

home, though, the leaves have been Bigelows of their own! Bigelow Carpets are unbeatable for quiet and comfort.

turned into the walls of a fort or Available in special designs, colors and textures. Write for our colorful free

made into a castle. brochure on Bigelow commercial carpets to Dept. A, 140 Madison Avenue,

When winter comes, we get out New York, N. Y. People who know... buy BIGELOW.

our sleds and zip down the hill in front of our home. Then we hang

on tight while Daddy pulls us back up. We tramp through the yard to

make trails and then run around them playing "fox and geese."After

a snowfall we all pitch in to make a big round snowman.

In the evenings after supper we all join in a big tossing, playing, swinging session. The children aren't "IN THE VALLEY

afraid of anything and go swinging OF THE SUN"around their daddy's head as though there were nothing to it. When "It cost no more to have the best"...

Joyce was small, we had a laugh FABULOUS POLYNESIAN ATMOSPHERE in the center of Phoenix, one night when she said to her Arizona's Resort Area. A concept in lodging and dining pleasures true

daddy after he had tossed her onto only in the relaxing romantic tropics or with the atmosphere and personal the bed, "We don't jump on the bed, attention found at the KON TIKI HOTEL.

a spring break mightDaddy, or we

Street intersection Only of 24th and Van Buren. At the LOCATION: it."in her Later plumped he when

Airport. International Harbor from Phoenix Sky one (1) short mile she him, the couch, remindedon "We

mustn't jump on the couch, or we Courtesy transportation available at Airport, Train and Bus Depots, might break a spring in it."So when Television, radio, message lamps, and background music in each unit.

he finally resorted to lying on the floor Cocktail Lounge and alcoholic beverages not available on the immediate and bouncing the girls on top of property. LDS owned and operated. '

him, she said, "You'd better not 2364 E. Van Biircn TWX 602255-0225 Phone 2546121

bounce too hard, Daddy, or you might break a spring in you."If

Bob had had any springs to be LEARN broken, they would have been AT SACRAMENTP.B.O. ApprovedTRAYS

broken long ago. All five of the HOME! 100% DRIPLESS

climb children back and crawl on his PLASTIC WHITE SNOW quickly teacher. Learn—'music Be youi'own cups. all used tray holds of Bottom water

or any piano to play piggyback KSCHQ him. at home over them He takes 1 $10.00. tray tray Set of 1 water bread and

it boreasy. lessons pictured make instrument.No Famous

ing exercises. Play right away. Low cost. F.O.B. PLASTICAL CO., INC.

book. students. Write 1,000,000 for FREE No GARDENA, CALIFORNIA

Studio of Music, S. School call. U. will salesman

A 1201, Port Washington, N. Y.

JANUARY 1963 61 and plays bear with them. We play would tell them stories involving Some of the finest experiences we

"Farmer in the Dell,""London such life lessons as obedience while have had together as a family have

Bridge,"and "Go Round and Round they helped me make the beds. been on camping trips. It is so enthe Village."We do exercises and We have always felt that the joyable to drive along the skyline

stunts and have races. Then we're "being on the way"part of the trip drive in the Blue Ridge Mountains

all ready for our story time. is as important as the "being there"and look down at the fields and

I don't know if any children have part. We have such good times on towns and see ridge after ridge of

heard as many stories as our children our trips together as a family. Bemountains stretching far off into the

have. "At which school do you sides helping to make all the usual distance. We camped this summer

teach?"the librarian asked me one preparations for the trip, the children amid thousands of wild strawberry

day. She was amazed when I told help me fix treats to eat along the plants. The children helped set up

her that the huge piles of books we way. We take a packet of papers, camp and gathered firewood, and

check out every couple of weeks pencils, and crayons. As we go along then we all gathered wild straware just for us. on the way, the children draw picberries for lunch. We went on nature

Besides the library books we have tures of the things they see and keep tours around the mountain ridges a great many books for the children a diary of interesting sights they and beside the mountain laurel and at home. Many of them were gifts spot as we drive along. Sometimes azalea blossoms. In the evenings

from the grandparents and friends. while we drive along, we play such we gathered 'round the campfire to

The children never grow tired of games as "twenty questions"or "I'm sing and watch the multitudes of hearing them over and over. Even thinking of something in this car, stars and contemplate the glories of

when they are small, they get so they and it's green. What is it?"We do the universe and the greatness and

can "read"them almost word for quite a bit of singing as we travel goodness of God.

word. They put so much expression along, and we tell stories and someThroughout the year we have

into their reading that one can tell times recite poetry. When it begins pleasant times together on holidays.

how thoroughly they love the books. to get dark, the children say their On Valentine's Day the children

I have a reading time with the prayers and lie down on the air make heartshaped cookies to take boys after breakfast, and we often mattresses in the back of the station to friends, on Easter they sing of work in a reading time when the wagon to sleep until we reach our the joyous resurrection, on the 4th girls come home from school. At evening's destination. of July they parade with soldier hats

night the children each choose a I learned from my father and the and flags, on the 24th of July they couple of stories to hear. (These experiences we had as a family to play pioneer, and on Thanksgiving

stories don't include the ones the take in side trips to important spots they enumerate with us some of our older girls have with the younger and to visit the points of interest many blessings and realize again children now that they can read.) wherever we happen to be. So now how much we have to be thankful

Some of the children's favorite stories with our family we make detours to for.

are those about the Book of Mormon points of interest in church and naEach holiday brings its share of and church history. They have tional history, famous battlegrounds, enjoyment, but Christmas is extraheard those books over and over or national parks and monuments. special. Our Christmas family fun

again. Another favorite is the big Before we go on our trip we make begins December 1. Our Bobby was

Illustrated Treasury of Children's a list of people and places we would born on that date, so each year we hasLiterature. This given them an like to a traditional see there. birthday are dinner while we We haveintroduction to of the a number tell the children sit together the and then various about on the couch

children's classics. Then of course places we will see. When we are at to begin to open our "Christmas surthey enjoy such books as those by our destination, we make out a prise card."My husband brought

Dr. Seuss. They have done a lot of schedule of appointments and activi- a number of these cards with him

cute illustrations of those books ties for every day so we can see as when he came home from his misthemselves with character drawings many friends and do as much as sion to Germany. The cards are

that even Dr. Seuss might envy. possible in the time we have. We quite large, and they have cute

Our story times are not always try to show the children as much as Christmas pictures of elves, Christformalized affairs. I don't know how we can. For example, in Salt Lake mas trees, snowcovered houses, and

many stories I have made up while City we take them to Temple Square, so on. There are twentyfour winironing. I often have a child perched the Capitol, and Great Salt Lake, dows, one for each day of the month

on the top of the file, a couple on the and show them places which are to and including Christmas Eve. One

end of the bed, and a few more on treasures of memory from our childis opened each evening, and the the floor around the ironing board hood. On our last trip home we children can hardly wait till their

while I tell them a fanciful tale. took the children to the Sons of the turn comes to open a window. Often

When our oldest girl was about Utah Pioneers'Pioneer Village. They during the day they take down the

twoand-onehalf, she used to come rode in a covered wagon, sat on the card to see what surprises have alto me and say, "Tell me about things. back of an ox, pushed a handcart, ready been discovered and to guess

Mommy."So as she followed me and visited pioneer homes, a school, what they might find. Inside the

around during the day watching me stores, and a church. We felt that windows there are pictures of all

work, I would tell her about evaporait was an excellent opportunity for kinds of toys, Christmas stockings, tion, electricity, the history of the all of us, and it certainly gave the and other holiday delights. The exworld, and the plan of salvation. As children a better understanding of citement of the children mounts as

Sherrie got old enough to join her, I their pioneer heritage. we reach the last week, and the

62 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA windows get bigger and the picLIVING FENCE tures inside become more elaborate.

Even though they know from previous years that the final picture will probably show Baby Jesus,

Mary, Joseph, and the shepherds, they still love the thrill and excitement of the final opening.

Each year we make our own Christmas cards with a block print.

The children help to decide on the for pictures the cardtheme and and FastGrowing Praised by gethelp us the cards to send. ready Editors Garden

They also make their own original Ever'Blooming Everywhere! Send

cards (on a simpler scale) to send for special 'Spring Bonus Offerto friends and relatives and to give Amazing RED ROSE HEDGE other.to each CO. GINDEN NURSERY 124 LITTLE AS AS A FOR FOOT California Dept. Bruno, I San ZDi gifts a of make number We the sensational (Gloire Rose Hedge Des I for See Red Robin or without free obligation, cost Send me gifts children,the they and make I that's the country! special uses, prices, color THIS book, sweeping Plant Spring Rosomanes) Bonusfullfor us and for each other. We have SPRING; have a vigorous LIVING FENCE bursting with fra- | Offer, fete, on RED ROBIN LIVING FENCE.

had good times making small chairs grant RED ROSES THIS SUMMER. Red Robin's lush green j

|and tables, a playhouse, a toy washfoliagemonth afteris coveredmonth.withNota riota sprawlingof richly scentedMultiflora.red Growsroses

ing machine, toy cupboards and a straight, upright to 6 feet, stays compact. So tough, Address

sink, doll clothes, blackboard, and thrives in even poor soils. Grows so dense Red Robin CTtF

blocks. The air is filled with anticipakeeps children and pets in, animals and intruders out.

tion as Mommy goes from one room Available only from Ginden Nursery, San Bruno, California. state

to another to help with the bookmarks, the tiny doll dress, the felt hair bands, the toy clown for the baby, and other items so excitedly concealed until "that special day."THE CENTER OF '"

We all have flourcovered hands (\. CONVENIENCE

faces, as too) the(and arms and stars reindeer,gingerbread men, and L0OCfji Mam'* MOTELnew AMERICA pile gift to to the boxes be added up ROOMS 3a0EUirSAlOMBEAUTIFULMAIN AI f IfIH -. UIIEIJHOPSOUTH faiicy tied for bo's neighwithand

bors and. friends.

How the children's eyes sparkle as we shop for the Christmas tree!

When we get it home, we get to work making c I ty"ours."A Christmasit shine treeand isn'tmaking"our"it

Christmas tree until we have added our own special decorations. We

string cranberries and popcorn and make strings of coloredpaper links.

We color pictures of Mary and Jesus to paste on tinselrimmed jar lids.

We cut old Christmas cards into YOU CAN RENT IT! Do You Want Security in Your Home?

diamond, oval, and star shapes, and Then You Need make them into ornaments. THERMORITE As the Christmas cards arrive, the?(dwsl (RaniA. "The Miracle Glass Enclosure"

will with coal front heat your rooms theirchildren favorites choose and SALES AND RENTALS whichlike stove. Beautiful. coal a "The modern staplehelp to the wide them Daddy fireplace."of enjoying your way

satin thered ribbons and sprigs of Rollaway Beds No to bannister.greenery hang on the Smoke Chairs Wheel

They help Daddy make a wreath for Hospital Beds, etc. NoSparks

the door and pin the huge red bow No

Machines Cone Snow decorateon it. Mother They help

Floors Grills—holly, candles,with boughs. and fir Tables—Chairs AmpleDrofty

We fill every day with stories, Dishes, etc. SolidHeat

singing, and talking about Christ's All Types Tools and Brass birth and life and his great love for Construction Equipment "A Thirtg of Beauty and Economy us. When our oldest daughter was Treasured in Fine Homes Everywhere"

twoand-onehalf, she became conSalt Lake City Write or Phone for Free Colored Folder 2375 South State 4860055 BENNiON THERMORITE SALES

Ogden 4817 Holloday Blvd. Salt Lake City, Utah

1627 Washington Blvd EX 4-9414 Phone CR 8-8811

JANUARY 1963 63 cerned when she heard that Little when we were so greatly blessed by

Lord Jesus had no crib for his bed, the Lord. Mother told more about

so she asked Santa Claus to bring her and her fine life and showed pichim one. tures of her taken from the day she

On Christmas Eve the house was born.

seems to glow. Each child hangs We had a special birthday dinner

up the large red felt stockings we for Joyce that evening. As is our

made that has his name sewn on the custom for birthdays, Joyce chose white band. As we watch the fire what she wanted for dinner and deflicker, we talk about the importance cided what kind of cake she would

of Christ's mission, and we feel so like, helped with it, and decorated it.

very thankful for him and for the We turned out all the lights and TOO MUCH TO DO gospel plan and for our home and brought in the lighted cake as we BY SUSAN EVANS our wonderful family. sang "Happy Birthday."As we

Early in the morning some little pointed to each candle, we told AGE 13 heads start peeking through the about what Joyce had done during bannister. Then some happy whisthe year which that candle repreToo much to do, there isn't time

perings are heard as the piles of sented. When Daddy asked Joyce To do a favor for a friend

lend.packages and balloons are spied. what was her special wish for the A kind and helping hand to

Santa wraps all of the gifts and coming year, she answered, "Be to do, there isn't Too time much that for herswells wishes the pile growgood."has been all made We

earth's rare. sweet To notice beauty tree. burned. the candles as the beneath Soing Then when we

everyone is ready, we each take a gave out presents. Discover precious, timely truths

turn to choose a package and hand We had all spent two wonderful That always have been hidden there.

it to the person whose name it bears. days. Joyce was so very happy, and

Then everyone exclaims with "oh's"I'm sure the memories of her baptisToo much to do, there isn't time To heed a small child's begging plea. and "ah's"as the receiver opens his mal and confirmation days will be With more important things to do gift forever. and bestows a kiss upon the treasures

lost an opportunity. sender. I have mentioned about Is The things

family child, special oldest our nights and was Joyce, Our baphome to do, there Too isn't time much all that in of just a part tized the looked are summer. had occasions We listen to another's woes life To this to to our contributesforward making day planned home and

one's a on own troubles mind it said With for time. long a could be moreabout were so happy. Much We

it soon love Too warmth and from for training, that discipline about the baptismal the date andhappy about grows.

fell service obedience, birthday. about eighth her appreciation on and

It certainly spirituality, love birthwonderful about order was a and isn't to do, Too there time, much for her. this give affection—but youday may and Is this tell the truth honest we

all feel tointo In the morning our went a glimpse home. we We it is as excuse used Or an

for family to to the grateful gether our and truly Washington Ward Convincing that us well? we've done

will service. that our baptismal music pray make and The and hope we

talks were very inspirational. Then home for them always "a true LatterToo much to do, there isn't time,

Presiof privilege as the baptizing in which,"Saint had day Bob home is a friend But turned when away,

It thrill great for a beautifully him. expressed so was Joyce. dent McKay child's world darkened a day. for A

I I felt it, enter, "if children to watched, should chance Christ and As the great God's unwonders go When this for grateful to linger so very important pleased and he would be known life. in sacred event Joyce's to rest."and

is Christian love kind no shown. And

On Sunday Joyce wore a special dress I made for her which she had Then can we say in peace of mind—

helped with by designing a decoraYour Question "I've done my best, been fair and tive applique. She was confirmed (Continued from page 15) kind.

by her father, assisted by her uncle, I've helped the poor who are in need.

and a very dear friend of the family. mortal earth, like all on its face, is Through lasting love have sown a

It was a moving experience for Joyce growing old, and eventually shall seed and for the entire family as we condie, be cleansed and then come forth That in full bloom shall repay templated the blessings she had re- a celestial world and everything will With glory on the judgment day"?

ceived and would continue to enjoy be restored to life never to die again.

through being confirmed a member This does not mean, however, that Too much to do, there isn't time.

of Christ's Church and receiving the everything that has been on this Remember—no excuses, please.

gift of the Holy Ghost. earth in mortality will be assigned Love and Christian friendliness,

In the afternoon we had a special to remain on this earth when it is Kindness and unselfishness—

home night in Joyce's honor. The purified and has received the celesThese are the keys.

other children gave her something tial glory and becomes a fit abode they had made for her, and told what for celestial beings, human, animal, The keys to life eternally, it is about her that makes them love and plant, according to the divine The keys to immortality, her. Daddy told about her birth, decree. If we will but awake and see!

64 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA J

2s 2S.

ERA OF 11* YOUTH

Uanuary 1963

Marion D. Hanks, Editor;

Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor

Us. A\ AS

Y7 \r T7 Y7

z

Don't be intimidated by the fact of youth. Let history encourage you. Alexander

the Great, a military hero at eighteen, began his efforts to conquer and control the earth at twenty. At his death at the age of thirtythree, he had exercised dominion

over much of the civilized world of his day. For Alexander the time was now.

Jeanne d'Arc, at nineteen, had completed her mission and embraced the immortality of martyrdom. Isaac Newton at twentyone had contributed importantly to mathematics.

At twentyfive he was honored with a professorship at Cambridge University.

Alexander Hamilton at eighteen was famed as an orator for freedom's cause. At

twenty he was a Heutenant colonel on George Washington's staff, and Washington's trusted confidential secretary. Lafayette, burning to help France and deciding the best

way to do so was to weaken England by aiding the revolting American colonies, was a major general in Washington's army at nineteen.

William Pitt, the younger, one of Britain's greatest statesmen, successfully sought election to Parliament at the age of twentyone. He became Prime Minister before he

was twentyfive.

Winston Churchill, on the eve of going abroad as a foreign correspondent, though not yet twentyone, gave a farewell dinner party for some of his youthful friends. He

proposed a toast to "Those yet under twentyone who, in twenty years, will control the

British Empire."

The Prophet Joseph Smith Quoting from Mormon 1:1-2...

"And now I, Mormon, make a record of the when called to his life's misthings which I have both seen and heard, and call it the Book of Mormon. sion was a boy of fourteen.

"And about the time that Ammaron hid up the records unto the Lord, he came unto me, (I being By the time he was twentyabout ten years of age, and I began to be learned somewhat after the manner of the learning of my five he had established God's people) and Ammaron said unto me: I perceive

that thou art a sober child, and art quick to Church once again on this observe;..."

earth, and at the time of his

martyrdom, at the age of

thirtyeight, he had so perfected and built up the Church

that its influence was felt

worldwide.

Quoting from Mormon 2:1-2,..

"And it came to pass in that same year there began Jesus Christ, at the age of to be a war again between the Nephites and the tivelve, was in the temple learned the men Lamanites. And notwithstanding! being young, was astonishing he went about of the time as

large in stature; therefore the people of Nephi aphis Father's business. And, at

pointed me that I should be their leader, or the leader the age of thirtythree, when of their armies. many men are still embarking

"Therefore it came to pass that in my sixteenth on their life course, he had his this work completed of forth at the head of an army of the I did go year life his laid Father's down and.".. Nephites, have might world that the

everlasting life.

fssm

"Not long ago I visited AdClarence Darrow in an early trial was sneeringly miral Hyman Rickover of atomic submarine fame in his laborareferred to repeatedly by opposing counsel as tories and Navy quarters in

That beardless youth"When Darrow addressed Washington. When I had been

the jury, he told the story of an envoy sent by the introduced to members of his staff, I remarked to the admiral king of Spain to another country, A note was that they seemed to be very returned to the king commenting on the ''beardyoung men. 'They are!'he reless youth"he'd sent. He replied: 'If the king plied, 'Most of them are thirty

years and under. This is a field

of Spain had understood the center of wisdom to for youth. Very few others know

rest in a beard he would have sent a goat."much about it.'"—Former Senator

Arthur V. Watkins (Utah).

THESE MOR-. Q "WATCH

MONS. A century ago

they founded an empire among the relentless

wastes of a despised

and neglected land. Today they are pioneering

in the frontier of the lU spirit in the midst of a

its 1\ zA worldJ, that(Dr. hasMarcuslostBach, way. of Religion, State UniverSchool

sity of fowa.)

JL I

SO, / can love God and have faith in him. I can do my best to be strong, and banish fear,

I DO? radiate calm, confidence, stand steadfast and WHAT CAN

But—howcourageous.do I go about learning to love God and

to serve hiyn?

"Then one of them, ivhich was a laivyer, asked him a question, tempting him, and saying, "Master, ivhich is the great coTnmandment in the law? "Jesus said unto him, Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and ivith all thy mind.

"This is the first great commandment.

"And the second is like unto it, thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.

"On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets."

And Mark adds to Matthew 22:35-0, this sentence: "There is none other commandment greater

than these."(Mark 12:31.)

So we learn to love God by servinghim; and

we serve him by serving his children, our brothers.

Only by demonstratinglove for my brother can

I show my love for him.

MiSkDi* ---i iiitiSirJi---. -?-=

Does this description fit you? Are you a pioneer on the frontier of the spirit? Living in a

world of fear and discontent, of uncertainty and lack of faith, what can you do to help yourself and others meet the problems of our day?

Ask yourself these questions, and then consider our suggestions in answer.

Is there anything, really, that I personally can do to help my country and the world? Is there

some contribution that I can make?

What can I do? What ought I to do? Do I have a responsibility to do something?

What should our attitude be in the face of this great responsibility?

"For God hath not given us the spirit of fear; but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind."

(2 Tim. 1:7.)

"... Be strong and of a good courage; be not afraid, neither be thou dismayed: for the Lord thy God

is with thee withersoever thou goest."(Josh. 1:9.)

So... how may I accomplish this, my great responsibility? How may I overcome fear and merit this

great gift of God—courage, and the spirit of power, love, and a sound mind?

I can seek to understand repentance, the great / can seek more earnestly to know the coynmandprinciple of growth; and I can begin to repent ments of God and to live them.

wherein I have made mistakes and wherein I do I can find attunement ivith, God by eradicating now err. static and interference ivithin myself. I can seek

But of what must I repent? I have committed to purify my heart, that my prayers may reach

no great sin. him, that he will be ivith me wherever I go, that

"Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites I may stand with confidence in his presence.

for ye pay tithe... and have omitted the weightier "Verily I say, men should he anxiously engaged

matters of the law, judgment, mercy, and faith: in a good cause, and do many things of their own

these ought ye to have done, and not to leave the free ivill, and bring to pass much righteousness;

other undone."(Matt. 23:23.) "For the poiver is in them, ivherein they are

Begin now to overcome my sins, then, and to agents unto themselves. And inasmuch as men

strengthen myself where I need it. do good they shall in no ivise lose their retvard."

Start by hanging myself on a hook and then (D&C 58:27, 28.)

stepping off to take an honest look at myself. "Believe in God; believe that he is, and that he

"These six things doth the Lord hate: yea, seven created all things, both in heaven and in earth;

are an abomination to him believe that he has all wisdom, and all power, both "A proud look, a lying tongue, and hands that in heaven and in earth; believe that man doth not

shed innocent blood, comprehend all the things ivhich the Lord can- "An heart that deviseth wicked imaginations, feet comprehend.

that be swift in running to mischief, "And again, believe that ye must repent of your "A false witness that speaketh lies, and he that sins and forsake them, and humble yourselves soweth discord among brethren."(Prov. 6:1619.) before God; and ask in sincerity of heart that he

would forgive you; and noiv, if you believe all

these things see that ye do them."(Mosiah 4 -'9-10.)

If we do these things, then we will be... "strong and of good courage; be not afrai<

dismayed; for the Lord thy God is with thee whithersoever thou goest.

"For God hath not given us the spirit of fear; but of power, and of love, and of sound mind."(2 Tim. 1:7.)

And it may well be that what we individually can do, if we will do it, may be the means of preserving our great land and of bringing God's purposes to fruition on his earth.

"Yea; and I say unto you that if it were not for the prayers of the righteous, who are now in the land, that

ye would even now be visited with utter destruction; yet it would not be by flood, as were the people in the

days of Noah, but it would be by famine, and pestilence, and by the sword. But it is by the prayers of the

righteous that ye are spared,..."(Alma 10:22, 23.)

SfThe price you pay for leadership is not comfort. Human Relations

I have no recipe to make it easy. As a matter of The second thing, the second price you have to

fact, the glory of life is that it is worth the pay, is the ability to work with other people. Now

struggle. There are no bargains at the counter very briefly, let me hint at what I mean by that.

of leadership. I do not know any royal road, and The finest thing you will ever be called upon to

if I had one, I think I would not offer it to you. do in leadership is to discover talent, and that is

Life is too intriguing. The effort to achieve seems why it is so important that you know something

to me, somehow, to represent the finest genius about people and their motives and what makes given to man. them tick. Not only must you discover them,

When the Master comes, in his second return, but you must also learn to assign responsibility he has said, it would be like a "refiner's fire and to them, and then leave the responsibility with a fuller's soap,"and with my concept of this great them. Some leaders would aspire to leadership

life of ours it is a testing period. We are being through giving responsibility, but then they refuse

tested; we are being refined; we are being purito give the authority that goes with it. When and

fied; and particularly is that true for anybody if you come into that position, I beg of you to

who aspired to a position of leadership. And as remember that, if you are willing to give a man

I lay that foundation, may I bid you to remember responsibility, then you ought to be willing to give that you do not become great leaders alone. him the commensurate authority, and when and

Leadership presupposes "followership."And so, if he may make a rriistake, still stand by him, as

we are talking today about the man whose destiny you hope one day to be stood by yourself.

will be determined in good part, by what he is That ability to work with and direct and chalable to get other people to do. lenge the best that is in your men, is the key

Men become great for three reasons: first, beto leadership.

cause of native endowment; second, because of

great opportunity; and third, because of a great

will to serve. Mastery of Assignment

Here is a homely fourpoint suggestion, to point I name a third thing, and this is going to link the way to leadership up with the first one. So often when men get a

position, they start to rest on their laurels. I

think one of the greatest dangers in human expePieparation rience is what I would phrase "the danger of the

The price you pay for leadership is great prepaplateau,"You climb a little way, and it levels off, ration. The leader ought to be a leader. The and you feel so comfortable on that plateau, that

leader ought to stand out in front or from what you just settle back and say, "Here we go, I will other eminence he may choose to direct. A leader shde along."

is a director; he is a coordinator; he is a dreamer And so, I give you my third element of the price

he is a planner. He should be prepared to do you pay for leadership, a growing mastery of the

what he has to do. work to which you are assigned. Some fellow

Drink of the fountain of learning! jocularly said, "Progress goes so fast, you have

You will never put an extra year into your to run like everything to stay where you are."

training but that you will draw dividends on it all the rest of your life. While you are young and

you can do it, let me urge you to take full advanExpect Long, Long Days tage. Do not be in a hurry; while you have oppor- I have given you three simple hints. While you

tunities capitalize on them. are still young, you can do something about all three

I should like to crown it with this fourth You do not have to go to school to do it, but of them.

everything else being equal, it is the best course one, which does not smack of novelty—there is no romance in this at all. A fourth price you are going

and the shortest cut I know. It presupposes to pay for leadership is long days and some sleepless

knowledge, a rich background of it. It presupnights. No great leader ever became a great leader

poses methodology which you are getting; it on eight hours.

involves the techniques of leadership; and whether Now these are no pink tea recipes. They are born

of strong experiences of the men. you get them in school or out of school, you will out

fine You young people are an honor to us. Good

discover that the first price you pay for leaderluck to you—

ship is a thoroughly sound grounding in what I If you want to be comfortable, take an easy job.

call preparation. If you aspire to leadership, take off your coat.

T\ nn

BY DAVID WAKELING RENO, NEVADA ZA ZJw /

We owe it to our Heav-

e)il)j FatJier and to our

Church to teach the gospel to

our fellow men. It is the specific

calling of youth to he ))nssionaries. What are your obligations to prepare for a mission

experience?

TS in mU 2\ 2-S. / V jjy

Just where would you be today if somelives, and studying the gospel. It is certainly

one hadn't taught you the gospel or not an easy task when the morals of our country. taught it to your ancestors? How lost we are at such a low ebb today, and when drinking

would all be if suddenly we were stripped of the and smoking seem the big means to being social.

knowledge that God lives, that he hears and anIn our Church there is but one single standard of swers our prayers, that through baptism by morality and that applies to men as well as to immersion by those who are in authority, and by women. The standard of the Church is right, it

keeping all of the commandments of Christ will is divine, it contributes to honorable manhood and we be able to gain our salvation and exaltation, virtuous womanhood, happy homes, and to the and once again dwell with our Father in heaven. perpetuity of the nation. It is our obligation to

You all know how hungry you get when you prepare ourselves to be worthy to represent the fast for just two meals and how terribly hungry Church, to see that we are sufficiently mature, you are when you fast for three or more. This and above all, have good character. We must

is the way the people are outside the Church who keep ourselves physically prepared. Missionary

sit in darkness. They are so hungry for the truth work is strenuous; the change of climate is often

and knowledge of God. They are anxiously waitdifficult at first. Homesickness and discourageing for someone to bring it to them. ment often set in. Unless we are physically preThe most worthy calling in life is that in which pared, we will break under the strain.

man can best serve his fellow men—to strive to Every elder has the obligation to be a Christian

make lives better and happier. "... Inasmuch as gentleman. A gentleman is one who has nothing

ye have done it unto one of the least of these my to hide, no downcast look because of consciousness brethren, ye have done it unto me."(Matt. 25:40.) of guilt, one who is loyal—loyal to the truth, to

To no other group of men in all the world is virtue, to the Word of Wisdom, honorable himself given a better opportunity to engage in the noblest and in his judgment of others, faithful to his word calling in life than that which is afforded the as to law, and faithful alike to God and men. An

elders in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterelder who goes out to Christianize the world day Saints. To establish salvation and peace to should be such a man.

the extent of their individual efforts, their lives It is our obligation to prepare ourselves to serve are dedicated—to make the world a better and God with all our heart, might, mind, and strength,

finer place for men, their talents and means are that we may stand blameless before him at the consecrated. The purpose of our Church is to last day.

help men live perfect laws and regulations of the "Behold, the field is white already to harvest;

gospelto prepare them to live in the presence therefore, whoso desireth to reap let him thrust of God in the celestial kingdom. They can do these in his sickle with his might, and reap while the

things only by accepting the gospel of Jesus Christ. day lasts....

In order to go on a mission we must spend years "Yea, whosoever will thrust in his sickle and preparing for it by praying, living clean righteous reap, the same is called of God. (D&C 11:3-4.)

BY ELAINE CANNON

Being in the ivorid

But not of the ivoiid,

Being pleasing to look upon

Neither immodest nor peculiar,

Being a Latterday Saint...

Youth sets an example of

Cleanliness

Carefulness

Tastefulness

Attractiveness

BRUSHES ARE

USE THEMI

HANGERS

LOTIONS ARE:

hand body deodorant

USE THEM! n )l

Jb Our appreciation of the gospel of Jesus Christ is many times dependent upon our contact with those who profess love and devotion for its principles.

To illustrate more clearly this statement, we call to mind a narrative poem telling about an auction. The auctioneer

held aloft an old violin, extolled its virtues, and then asked for a starting bid at an obviously low figure. There was no

interest in the appeal of the auctioneer or the old violin, and even at the low price, there, were no takers.

Then an old man stepped forward and asked for permission to play the instrument. His wish was granted. He

tuned the strings, and with a deft hand and the bearing of one who loved the old violin, he entranced his listeners with the wondrous, inspiring tones of that violin.

The music ceased, but the admiration continued. The

auctioneer held the violin aloft again. It was with almost

reverential respect that the offering price indicated the change of heart among the audience. The violin was sold

for a respectably high figure.

The old man had not changed the characteristics of the How can we best lacrec inviolin between the first and last bid offering. In a masterful struments of the gospel so that their

way he had demonstrated the potential of the instrument. value may be better appreciated by

It was the same violin, but he had raised the estimate of the others?

violin's worth in the hearts of its hearers. 1. Keep all the commandments the

In like manner, the gospel of the Son of God may have 2. Avoidbest weallcan.of the time the very

no takers because people have not had it demonstrated appearance of evil.

favorably by those who profess to own it and keep it as 3. Let our light shine before men.

a heritage. 4. Count our blessings as a result of

church a member. being of Latterday Christ Jesus of of The Church members As

for complete knowlStrive a more instru- 5. sacred in our hands placed been have there Saints, gospel. of the edge

ments which have eternal values. Much depends upon how 6. Pray for guidance in bringing

we use them before those who are placed within the area others into the Church.

of our trust. 7. Do unto others as we would be

done by. 8. Accept opportunities to serve and

support, and develop talents to do good. \ \ 7S 7 m m

BY BETSY HUNTINGTON BREMERTON. ('ASHINGTON

Teaching with me is more than just an ambition or a goal, although it is both of these things. I

don't really know why I want to be a teacher. It

is something deep inside me.

I think I must have had a little spot of it somewhere inside me all my life, but I have suddenly realized that it has been growing. There is nothing

I want to do more, I don't even know yet what field I want to teach in, but I know that whatever

I become interested in, I will teach it to others. I

don't think "if I am a teacher"any more. I think,

"when I am a teacher."

I suppose I have been lucky because all my life

I have had the best teachers. The people I really

respect and idealize, I have discovered, have almost always been teachers. My teachers have

instilled in me feelings for which I will always be grateful. It is my teachers who have made me

realize how lucky I am to live here in America, and they have given me things they probably were not aware they had. My teachers have been examples to me of all that is good and true—and they

have made me set my goals high.

This, I think, is why I want to be a teacher. I

want to be an example to the students I teach and pass on the things I have learned from my teachers.

I have always pictured teaching as something fine and noble, something of which to be proud.

It seems to me that teachers everywhere belong to a big family because they all have something in common—a genuine love of people.

I love people. I want more than anything else

to help young people be happy and successful in life, and I believe I can do this through teaching.

I know how important a child's teachers are to him throughout his life, I don't think I have a false impression of what teaching is. I know that good teaching takes

hard work, and I know how sick at heart it makes a teacher who loves his work when his students don't seem to care. I suppose that some of the

heartaches are not even imaginable, but even so

I still want to be a teacher. Nothing can stop me

because I know there are rewards and consolations. To see the light in a child's face, to be remembered as I remember my teachers—these are

the things which really count and always will.

I am youth.

I am morning—I know not midday or afternoon,

Sunset or twilight, dunk or black of night. YOUTH I am morning.

BY CAMILLE OLSEN I am spring—/ know not sultry summer, EPHRAIM. UTAH

Balmy autumn, or frosthardened winter.

I am spring.

I know not time—time of centuries or ages

Or even years, except mine, to now.

I am youth—/ have been designated to he a gardener,

With a field to till and tend.

But I don't know how to garden, I protest;

I don't know seeds and soils and tools.

But that is not true, really, For I have iriherent knowledge.

I am youth—my days are young, but I do know, and I am told.

I am told—hy loving parents how to cultivate and prepare.

They caution me that spring soil is porous and receptive.

They caution my steps, since spring loam leaves deep footprints.

They urge me to strike my furrows straight and deep that when water flows down them it won't flood or mar because of shallowness.

I am told—by patient teachers to obtain a balance

To plant not only foodstuffs but flowers, that I may grow not only bread but beauty.

I am cautioned to plant the seeds deep that roots may sink their moorings.

I am told—by my concerned seminary teacher

To guard well my border areas that no rodent may creep in... no corruption,

no blight, no seering sun or gusty gale will destroy my planting or growing.

I am told—even by Jesus, to beware of tares

That may spring up in my greening field,

To beware also when I weed out the tares that I destroy not good wheat.

I am told—by Father Lehi, from an ancient record,

Of a beautiful and precious tree that grows at the head of my garden.

I know that tree is glorious to behold.

I know that its fruit is most white and delicious.

I know that I may lie in the tree's shade to rest after honest toil.

I am youth—but I know that this tree is life.

And this fruit is the gospel of Jesus Christ;

That its branches enfold me with the love of God.

I know—that I am obligated to till my field

And plant and tend and reap And then to remember to share with my God and my fellow man at the harvest....

For I am a gardener for God.

I am youth.

7 T7 DUTY BY EMERSON

So nigh is grandeur to our dust,

So near is God to Man When Duty whispers low, "Thou must,"3 The youth rephes, "I can,"

Look better Behave better

Feel better Accepting the challenge means you tvill: Think better

Live better Serve better Be better.

Anna Maurine Brown, Wellton Ward, Yuma Briane Paul Schow, 19, Cardston Fourth Ward, (Ariz, -Calif.) Stake.,. first girl student bodyAlberta (Canada) Stake... freshman at Univerpresident at Antelope Union High School.,. cheersity of Alberta.,. received special honor awards

leader... editor of school newspaper... winner of in science, mathematics, and English at Card-

P-TA and Kiwanis scholarships,,. American ston High... active in school and Church athletic

Legion award for outstanding senior girl... has program,.. Duty to God award, Queen Scout

taught Primary four years and Sunday School (Eagle), seven individual awards.., seminary

five years... YWMIA secretary,,, plans home graduate... stake missionary,,, future plans

economics major at Arizona State University. include foreign mission and college graduation.

HONEY

Jl. i!Uft,

FULL OF FRESH COUNTRY

Taste it! The golden healthful honey in Nabisco Sugar

Honey Grahams. The freshfrom-thecomb honey in

every crisp, delicious bite. And here's the rich malty

flavor of real graham flour in all its natural goodness

Taste what makes this graham so great... so satisfying, it's America's favorite betweenmeal cracker.

Try the economical 2-pound package.

NABISCO SUGAR HONEY GRAHAMS Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

How much life insurance you need can only be Your Beneficial life insurance representative, determined by a study of your "assets"and your backed by the "Planned Futures"department in "responsibilities."our home office, will help you study your own

Your assets might include your Social Security; family needs and income, and tailor a life insurance

home; your present life insurance; your pension program that best fits these needs. To take this

plan; your savings, etc. These are often worth, in important step, just call your nearest Beneficial

total, more than you might imagine. Life man... No obligation, of course.

Your responsibilities would include your mortgage or rent payments; provisions for your chilWrite for more information on "Planned Futures"

dren's education; your own retirement; provision

for accident and illness, and your family's needs if they were required to live without your income. BENEFICIAL LEFE

Sound financial planning for your family's future must include a consideration of these items and many others. Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah