MmprouemenflEra

w

*,:W'y

DECEMBER 1948.'/ '"'"*',*', ''VV'< "''''''l *

Gitt a Select Entire Fa the WWcK Day Every Enjoy WiU Appliance Qs.. a Modem

SEE YOUR GAS APPLIANCE DEALER AND

CHOOSE FROM A LARGE VARIETY OF NEW

I'l''! 'iVI "l

.'..-'i/.'i,.".'

HOT WATER HEATERS

SPACE HE ATE

TS:. v -—:,. v

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

SERVING UTAH AND WYOMING Xhf

XPLORING

j THE

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

Among modern Maya of Yucatan more than half are entirely free from dental decay in their permanent teeth until after they are twenty.

Among white Americans more than half have dental decay in their permanent teeth before they are nine and more than ninety percent before they are fourteen. Another interesting difference Dr. S. G. Morley reports is

an average pulse rate of fiftytwo compared to our average of seventytwo heart beats per minute.

The European grosbeak of the British Isles likes cherries, but not for

it birds part. soft Unlikethe many A crispy, goldenbrown cracker that's shell of the outer the hardcrushes

stone to get the preferred kernel. perfect with canapes, soups,

is better the United than mappedIndia large salads and beverages it is the best States; mapped

area outside of western Europe.

.. SNAX have the salttang

/arbon atoms are first built into and buttery flavor that simple acids and sugars in green make them excitingly popular plants but they are to be found within the first hour in the more complicated with everyone. Keep

molecules of cellulose, lignins, carotiplenty on hand for quick noid pigments, amino acids, and proand easy service to family and teins. Use of radioactive carbon 14 guests throughout the season

made possible following atoms. of 'holiday hurry'. Always

Drofessor V. M. Tanner of Brigbakery-fresh at your

ham Young University, has estiGrocer's—in the bright

mated that toads and frogs are worth red package.

twenty to thirty dollars apiece for services in farms and gardens.

A new "hypospray"gun painlessly shoots medicine into the body with air pressure through a hairsized hole without using a needle.

'T'hree hundred different chemical compounds have been obtained which are produced by the tuberculosis bacillus, a onecelled organism.

"Decent research on onions indicates the tearproducing substance is a chemical compound of the thioaldehyde type. Since this substance is not very

volatile, the tears which come to the eyes of a person cutting onions seem to be caused by fine droplets of onion juice scattered by cutting the firm, juicy onion.

Ctreptomycin has been found to be of value in the treatment of tuberPURITY BISCUIT CO culosis. SALT LAKE PHOENIX

DECEMBER 1948 777

December MmprouementlEra"THr VOICE OF THE CHURCH"1948 'ttiifaisSMi mi sflfliPlrlpffl VOLUME 51 NUMBER 12 mi

OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION,

MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

The Editor's Page A Message for Christmas George Albert Smith 785

Church Features

Baptism for the Dead in Ancient Times—I.....Hugh Nibley 786

Vaudois Records Microfilmed Archibald F. Bennett 790

The Lamanites as Portrayed in the Book of Mormon

Sidney B* Sperry 792 Evidences and Reconciliations: CXXIX—What Were the Sources

of Joseph Smith's Greatness? John A* Widtsoe 809

The Church Moves On 780 Presiding Bishopric's Page 816

Word Portraits, Goff Dowding. 782 Missionaries Leaving for the Field

Melchizedek Priesthood...:. 814 This Month with Church PublicaNo-LiquorTobacco Column 8 1 tions 839 The Cover

Special Features Carolsynonymous,singing andand Christmasthe singing areof

Around the World on Christmas: these songs of hope and good cheer

than when enjoyable is never more Holland 794 Richard Africa South E* sweet, their with children by Fritz 794 done C Johansson Sweden delightful voices. This melodious

... Australia Elvon Orme 795 W. singers youthful three of picture Tonga...JEvon W. Huntsman 795 der the typical Christmas lamp,unChristmas in Colonia Juarez Marba C* Josephson 799 wreathed with the Christmas holly, is

Let's Talk It Over—"O Tannenbaum"; Mary Brentnall 803 the work of H. Armstrong Roberts

adapted to cover use by for and was 804 Christmas the Bookrack Books Children—On

Jacobsen. from 806 Charles Temple Square Richard L. Evans Spoken The Word

Exploring the Universe, Franklin Arthur Stanley Riggs 810

S. Harris, Jr 777 Cook's Corner, Josephine B.

List for 812 Nichols Christmas These Times—m<Mtmi to Advertisers 839 779 Index Europe, G. Durham Homer

Homing: Christmas Goes Modern, Your Page and Ours.840

Editorials EditorsGeorge Albert Smith "I Give You Man"Marba C* Josephson 808 John A. Widtsoe

The Purchase Price of Peace Albert L. Zobell, Jr* 808 ManagingRichard L.EditorEvans

Stories, Poetry AssistantDoyle L.ManagingGreen Editor

Editor Janice Olson 789 Associate Christmas Cynthia Curtis—and Josephson Marba C. 796 Line—Part EI Albert R* Lyman on the Firing The Fort

"Beat, Glad Drums"Mary Knowles 800 General Manager

R. Curtis Elbert

at Dusk, Square Georgia Temple Frontispiece: Olive Trees, Twelve Associate Manager. Eberling. Moore Claire Stewart Boyer

S. Reeder Bertha in PuriLives Unto 783 And Thee Our

Poetry Page... 784 ty, Caroline Eyring Miner 827 Business Manager

John D. Giles

Editorial Associates EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL OFFICES: Elizabeth J. Moffitt

50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah Albert L Zobell, Jr.

Funds, by of 1948 Mutual Inc., a CorporationCopyright Men's Association the Young Improvement Mutual Advertising Director

rights Saints. Christ price, Jesus All of Latterday of reserved. Subscriptionof the Church $2.50 a year, in Verl F. Scott

subscriptions, year, foreign $3.00 advance; in advance; copy. a 25c single

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special National Advertising Representatives

rate of postage provided for in section 1103, Act of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918. Edward S. Townsend,

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes contributions. San Francisco and Los Angeles

ALL MANUSCRIPTS MUST BE ACCOMPANIED BY SUFFICIENT POSTAGE FOR DELIVERY AND RETURN. Dougan and Bolle,

Fifteen days'notice required for change of address. When ordering a change, please include Chicago and New York

address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address changes cannot be made unless the old Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

address as well as the new one is included.

778 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

CHRISTMAS LIST FOR EUROPE

By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM pulp and paper, $17,000,000; railroad

Head of Political Science Department and transportation equipment, $17,000,000;

Director of the Institute of Government, motor vehicles, $15,000,000; and

University of Utah "other,"$43,000,000.

A recent report (Third Report for Rirst on the Christmas list of Euthe Public Advisory Board of the rope come { 1 ) breadstuffs and ( 2

Economic Cooperation Administration, coal—food and energy—according to

Paul G. Hoffman, Administrator, the record of ECA. However, this is

Washington, D. C: September 22, for the European economy as a whole.

1948) discloses the extent and progress Viewed as individual countries, the of European recovery patterns of need vary.

under the Marshall Plan Britain, true to the genas administered under eral European situation, the Foreign Assistance has received an authorAct of 1948. For the ization of $128,000,000

period April 3-Septemfor bread grains, topber 10, 1948 (the Brst ing her list. On the

six months ), commodiother hand, the top toys the HOME ECONOMICS EDITOR ties alone worth $1,238,- single authorization for of a great chioin of auhad 000,000 been France has been metropolitan newspapers thorized from the freight service, for needy not Europe commodities! FROM A following sources: The French have gained $76,000,000 IN OUR FILESLETTER

for freight, with coal second at $67,-

From the United States...53% 000,000 out of a total of $354,200,000 From Canada and Newfoundland 21% authorized. Denmark, with its liveTHE IMPROVED

From the European participants 13% stock, has $8,000,000 authorized for

Latin AmericaFrom 7% agricultural feeds, grains and no bread the rest of the world From 6% first grains bread requested. Yet come

100% on the list of Britain, Netherlands,

Austria, Greece, the French Zone of

The item of thirteen percent from Germany, Norway, Belgium, LuxemTUNA

European participants could be said to bourg, Iceland, and Trieste. The nations

represent -roughly the extent to which falling outside this priority category are Larger "bitesize"pieces... ready

in France and freight Italy, both with the countries European themselves for instant use in all your tuna reciplace; ( the Bizonia Britcombined contribute been able to have to each first

other's commodity needs, above and ishAmerican zones of western Gerpes, without the bother of flaking.

beyond what they produce for themmany) with fats and oils, $26,000,000 Simply open the can and use!

selves within their own boundaries. worth, in first place; and Denmark Finer texture... richer, more delwith its agricultural feeds. icate flavor! For, dark meat is never

actual measured authorizaby As in this quality used... only brand

countries, the sixteen among YXThat is tions, it that needs? what Europe light tender is packed. meat of the members European Ecothe agricultural and to commoditiesFood

to this sure get Be Improved group, nomic Cooperation receiving arethe extent industrial of $694,000,000,... exclusive with thiscommodities worth $544,000,000—this aid? The following list shows the total Grated style

is the record of the first six months. procurement authorizations, April 3 to famous brand,

What kind of food? Bread grains September 10, 1948, period of the reVAN CAMP SEA FOOD CO., INC.,

top the list with $336,000,000, followed port: Terminal Island, California

by fats and oils, $75,000,000; meat, There's 1. substitute no for United The Kingdom $374,200,000 dairy products,$64,000,000;

> $45,000,- 2. France 354,200.000 tuna, when you use vegetables,000; fruits and $23,000,000;

3. Western Germany (3and "other,"$30,000,000. zones) 174,800,000

What sort of agricultural commodi- 4. Italy 152,700,000

ty? Cotton ranks first with $56,000,000 5. Netherlands 123,000,000

in authorizations, all from the United 6. Austria - 89,800,000

States. Next comes tobacco, $56,000,- 7. Greece: 72,300,000

000; followed by fertilizer, $22,000,000; 8. Denmark 33,800,000

feeds, $15,000,000; and "other,"$2,- 9. Norway, 28,800,000

000,000. 10. Trieste.. 5,500,000

11. Iceland 2,300,000 V. ssfci

1213. BelgiumLuxembourg.... 2,200,000Tn industrial commodities, coal leads

the of dollar parade thus far values Total, 13 nations $1,413,600,000 tfijauthorized, $127,000,000. Second WHITEISTAR

petroleumcomes petroleum and prodmil Sweden, Switzerland, Portugal, and 'm..SALT ADDED;0MT NT5 1 IPucts, nonferrous metals, $119,000,000; the remaining countries participating in

$94,000,000; iron and steel, $27,000,- the common recovery scheme, require

000; chemicals, $23,000,000; aim of the lumber, no assistance. The program 6RAT&WUNA

$22,000,000; machinery, $18,000,000; [Concluded on page 838)

DECEMBER 1948 779 VL CHURCH

oved \Jnto mate Holidays even Jtappier brighten your home with Chapel for the Deaf Opens

HpHE first Sunday School service in the new chapel for the deaf memCamftw. berswas ofheldtheOctoberChurch 17.in SaltAlthoughLake Citythe

has group been organized for many \ WEM years, the building at Fifth new South and Eighth East streets is their first real "home."

Church Welfare Refrigerator =?! A threecompartment electric refrigerator which formerly was used

Santa Claus reaiiy pome*-tBp8|pP SLEIGH SET halls Kearns mess of Camp durthis, with attractive'.Tavern Candle set. All in one home

in his sleigh, eight box ire fawns, II one Santa ing and has World been purchased War artificial jingle and even snow red ribbon the and in by the Church a surplus sale, and is...... bells this to set, complete make $4.95 now located on Welfare Square in Salt

Lake City. welcome and tons,Theisunit,so whichlarge thatweighsa buildingnearly thirtywill Your friends will built it. to be It will around be

store milk other and perishappreciate Gifts of Tavern Candles haveused to ables.

M.I.A. Dance Instruction

A sixweeks'instruction course in square dancing was begun October 28, under the direction of Dr. N. P.

Neilson, who was assisted by Mrs.

of the the Land from visitors Yates, Sara D. chairman of Two the Y.W. SET ESKIMO... home Igloo their Sun, and /0 M.I.A. general board Midnight committee. dance

The threehour class sessions, open to couples over twenty years of age, were attended by young people who came from Mutuals throughout the

Salt Lake area.

This training class was more or less experimental. If it proves popular, instructions in other types of dancing

offered. be and may Nick Saint SLEIGH IN SANTA intriguing one in combined sleigh his other or w.th alone Effective candle. Church Welfare Films >'-uu decorations

place as Striking thirtyfive POINSETTIAS minute sound motion A with settings for table or cards, set picture, in Complete Church Action, Welfare Tapers. Tavern

tapers) $2.65 3 has (6 poinsettias, been reviewed the by General

in only, packed two Poinsettias the of Church. of Much < Authorities /3 gift box the production the work in of the picture was donated by Eric Larson, W.

O. Whitaker, W. Cleon Skousen, Scott

M. Whitaker, and others, of Hollyspent wood, several who thousand

face smiling Santa's HEAD SANTA hours the project. of on technical Other Each candle lighted1 CANDLE the from CASCADE?hines rTaM burns candles Each $1.95 services giant 5tt", were provided Heads, by Hollywood these Santa Large in 72 hours,n approximately two high, 3%"at studios Heads, rates. commercial Santa (Not Small 15 white, or green, red, /3 * gift box corsage)$1.65 picture, holly motion about A second including

threefourths as long, and titled, The

Lord's Way, is nearing completion.

It contains liveaction as well as

AVAILABLE AT DEPARTMENT STORES - animated sequences. The liveaction

GIFT SHOPS -STATIONERY AND OTHER RETAIL STORES sequences were donated by the Glendale, California, Little Theater players, directed by Mr. and Mrs. Nathan

B. Hale, authors of the M.I.A. Utah TftVERN CANDLE! centennial drama, What Doth It Profit?

(Concluded on page 819) 780 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BOOKS KEEP (EljriHtmaS JOY ALIVEBOOKS FOR CHILDREN AND YOUTH:

BLAZING THE PIONEER TRAIL 35c DORIAN $1.00

Story book of pictures By Nephi Anderson

By Forrest Hill and Floyd D. Larson STORY OF CHESTER LAWRENCE $1.00

BEN THE WAGON BOY $1.50 By Nephi Anderson

By Howard R. Driggs ADDED UPON $1.25

By Nephi Anderson FROM PLOWBOY TO PROPHET AND FAITHPROMOTING STORIES $1.25

MOTHER STORIES $1.25 Compiled by Preston Nibley

By Wm. A. Morton INSPIRATIONAL TALKS $1.25

STORIES FROM THE BOOK OF MORCompiled by Preston Nibley

MON $2.00 By Theresa Snow Hill MISSIONARY EXPERIENCES $1.25

Compiled by Preston Nibley SCOUTING FOR THE MORMONS ON THE STORIES OF L. D. S. HYMNS $2.00

GREAT FRONTIER $2.00 By George D. Pyper

By Sidney and E. K. Hanks BRIGHAM YOUNG AT HOME $2.50

PAHUTE INDIAN LEGENDS $1.75 By Clarissa Young Spencer and

By William R. Palmer Mabel S. Harmer

FOR THE THOUGHTFUL, SEEKING INSPIRATION:

THE CHURCH IN WAR AND PEACE $1.00 TRUTH SEEKER AND MORMONISM $1.00

By Stephen L Richards By Joseph F. Merrill

HOW THE DESERT WAS TAMED $1.00

By John A. Widtsoe DISCOURSES OF B. H. ROBERTS $1.50

JESUS THE CHRIST $2.50 JOSEPH SMITH, AN AMERICAN

By James E. Talmage PROPHET $3.00

INTRODUCTION TO DOCTRINE AND By John Henry Evans COVENANTS AND PEARL OF GREAT

PRICE $2.25 JOSEPH, THE PROPHET $1.50

By T. Edgar Lyon By Daryl Chase

BRIGHAM YOUNG, THE MAN AND HIS $2.50 PRELUDE TO THE KINGDOM $2.75 WORK

By Preston Nibley By Gustive O. Larsen

DOCUMENTARY HISTORY OF THE CHURCH

For 1949 Melchizedek Priesthood classes

These

Street books availableBOOKP. O. Boxat your958 local COMPANYbooksellers, Saltor Lake City 10, Utah DESERET44 East South Temple

Please send us the following books:

Herewith find $ and 2% sales tax on Utah orders.

Name....-—Address.

DECEMBER 1948 781 CHRISTMAS TRAVEL TIP: WORD PORTRAITS

More FROM THIRD NEPHI gee

itk sketches diav L/ort <d-)owdi f

Wherever you're going—shopping, away for Christmas, off

on a merry holiday vacation you'll see more, enjoy more, save more by Greyhound. No disciples his 2. to said, commanded Jesus show I go 1. Jesus Now traffic troubles, weather no

bring forth Israel, and bread that should they lost tribes the of unto myself worries. schedules Frequent

fit your travel plans—the but as he looked about he beheld tears wine unto him. He broke the bread,

low cost fits your pocketbook. in their eyes and with compassion he blessed it, and said, "Unto all those

Ask your Agent Greyhound in are baptized believe and sick or are my lame who any that ye Have times, about departure comsaid,

I I as do, even always shall ye hither Bring and name them you? among plete travel information.

Greyhound leads in courtesy will heal them, for I see that your have done, in remembrance of my it shall be a testimony unto V E R L A.N.D.. faith is sufficient. He then commanded body. And

that their little children should be the Father that ye do always rememGREYHOUND brought, and he took them one by one ber me."He blessed the wine, and they

Operated by INTERSTATE TRANSIT LINES and blessed them. No tongue can partook. "This ye do in remembrance

UNION PACIFIC STAGES, INC. speak, neither can there be written by of my blood, which I shed for you.

any man the things we both saw and And if ye do always remember me ye heard Jesus speak. (Chapter 17, v. 4 shall have my Spirit to be with you."

to 21.) (Chapter 18.)

KOLOB INSURES <Pt EVERYTHING

jthAu 300 LOCAL AGENTS Jesus3. Thesehad chosen,were andthe theynamesdid ofpraythosefor tude4. andJesusthecommandeddisciples shouldthat thestandmultiand

UTAH—IDAHO—MONTANA—NEVADA then them gave pray. cease to He the they most that which desired—that

states 4 Intermountain Throughout to drink and to eat wine and bread unto be given Ghost them. When Holy you'll find KOLOB AGENTS everywhere.

which specialists insurance trained works are and the works said, "Your They they went prayed, thus down they had for of protection all kinds hereafter shall you among be wrought baptized; water, Nephi and was to the Policies issued are by purpose..every.. writing

companies stock oldline strong, unto the Gentiles forth from shall come all those Jesus he baptized.. then whom fairly.. settled promptly and are claims

into shall dwindle seed, which local of your acquaintance out your they up Make the came when had chosen;

KOLOB AGENT today! of the water, they were filled with the unbelief because of iniquity, also that

Holy Ghost and were circled about the Father may show forth his power with fire from heaven, and angels did unto the Gentiles, that they may know minister unto them. Jesus descended of the true points of my doctrine.

in their midst, commanding that they Therefore, give heed to my words and should kneel and pray, and his countewrite them and according to the time nance did shine upon them and behold and the will of the Father, they shall go 21, (Chapter the Gentiles."forth unto could there be white, even they were Mgr. SALISBURY, FRANK 23, v. 4.) 6; chapter v. 1 to white. (Chapso the earth Salt Lake nothing on 330 Judge Bldg., Head office in the January will Portraits"be concluded "Word

ter 19, v. 1 to 31.) number of The Improvement Era.

782 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA By Claire Stewart Boyer

"Arrival of the Shepherds"

-Henri LeRolU

'"Photograph by C. C. Pierce

were twelve gnarled olive trees, Scarcely calling day from night, w.e

Rent by the winds of Bethlehem, Until a mystic radiance lay

Cursed and trimmed by the Pharisees, Upon us, revealing a holy sight

Goaded to yield our all to them; Blest by song and hailed by star,

But a lonely man of kindly mien The Savior into our care was given:

Saw and pitied and purchased us all, Twelve gnarled olive trees, shaped to bear

And made us into a stable and stall; The King of earth, the Lord of heaven!

We roofed the oxen and cradled the hay,

DECEMBER 1948 783 HOW WONDERFUL! HOW

GLORIOUS!

By Hortense Spencer Andersen

glorious! wonderful! How How Father made our promise that The

To him who overcometh all CHRISTMAS STORY SONNET IRREGULAR TO And is in righteousness arrayed.

CHRISTMAS By Leah Sherman "All that I have is thine,"he said.

By Deone R. Sutherland "You now become my very own

Tn looking at the tinsel and the glitter To dwell with me forevermore;

That decorate each street and thoroughHPhe windows of the town have Christmas I am thy God, and we are one."fare, * shine.

glorious! wonderful! falling How townmusic, Excitement, and snow How if real the miss meaning I wonder we Father that our made promise light glimmer, The care; his loving Savior Christ the andOf

all overcometh whirl. In him senses who and To Shops jovial beneath our hold manner smells—our do weOr arrayed. is righteousness in design kaleidoscopic And priceless of him? heritage becauseA Dreamer, revolve. the Ah, world see retelling: We story bears oftrepeatedThe

love shouldAnd keep the lights from How far, how far is this from muddy trap, WISH dim. growing

From crumbling wall and the silent taken town, By Elaine V. Emans

sprawling only means whose him From candlelight,"of a song SHINING OF CHRISTMAS HOURS me Take **JL "regrettable mishap."

J-VA whiff of pine, and said, "and You the nights, the siren and through Leila Pier King What By spray sound what

Of holly, and from faraway Christmas joys and memories like a Did you catch your breath to hear? A sound of bells to break the night

bright star breaking Did you think the carols spoke of peace Stillness as deep as snow."And through

Release the yearkept silences in the full, That night when you came winging home, The singing, you must be aware sweet word; heart caught in fear? Of wishing that becomes a prayer:

Gather up the promises, unkept, yet of our Did a Christmas pass with no one saying A blessed Christmastide for you.

making. to the guns, be still, now cease?

Only in much giving is the slow heart stirred. And now, oh, brave new world, where is THIS NIGHT A STAR

thy hopeful light?

Children's eyes enshrine us with their quiet For Christmas shine moves tired and By Dorothy J. Roberts

wonder, throbbing hearts this night.

Questioning, in innocence, why there are STAR will glow across the night ever sorrows, A Upon a waiting world of white, not over Bethlehem Perhaps all ofSeeing their dear world so happily A RISEN FAITH the diadem from parted under Nor spread space. velvet jewels on wornTinseled tree, foretelling enchanting, bright By Daisy L. Detrick Of

will retrace the mind's eye Yet tomorrows.

far ascendency. Its lone How hill trod the path once two,HEY rF

star travel heart the a jewels when Christmas, of sorThe on hours mayShining * rowing, trail a silver snow; on Lays throat of Time, the Magdalene, other and Mary That stay might go? he children's or would laughter when an of And whoCrystal beads screen, behind rocky tomb, a Joseph's To

tears; one's old lay. loving hands Their Jesus Where

till again and Christmas comesShine on bring would HAPPINESS to leans love rhyme prespices, myrrh, each ointments, Rare still rushangels'song the withHosannas thing cious

B. Coursin Black By the years. ing down the lowly tribute Nazarene. to A

Shine on, O golden hours, while playedout But been.there two angels sat where he had *T,he search for happiness calls for no exrest or safaris. * peditions lambs find The crucified was now their risen King.

in the shelter of the tenderClosefolded is never Happiness really found. It can be

Shepherd's breast. Dear Lord, my faith lies dead within a discovered, secret though it is.

A tombtomb,my pride has builded through the Happinessa substance.cannot Itbe isseen.a spiritIt iswithin.not a thing,

years; MARY? OF AND WHAT in the conbrooding shadows, home, As a

But now its walls, ceals activity the within Pratt Dennis I By Gladys yield myI comearrogancewith penitentialas Mary tears.brought is in heart. the happiness hidden

perfume. wonder, as here in my arms I hold Lord, let an angel roll doubt's stone away. Things, places, people are reflections of

felt. tolerance, things symHumor, pride joy with tenderly and fondle Oh, let my living faith arise today!I And

love, faith are understanding, pathy, child, but days infant few aMy exterthat transform the magic wands in mother heart feel surging myold, myAnd nals. love And realize the great task that I bear, Seeking happiness, it eludes us. Giving of

And ask for strength to meet it from ourselves, we suddenly find it created above within us, flooding our lives like eternal

I wonder what sweet feeling filled the heart sunshine.

Of Mary, when she held within her arms

Her infant child, long ago, and knew the part FOR BEAUTY'S SAKE He was to play as Savior of the world.

She must have felt a thrill of joy, By Laura Emily Mau inexpressible, quite pride of senseA all beautiful things has made little precious that at lookingWhen boy. God

for his serve beauty's sake, world humility felt a great too, To she must haveAnd

To know that from all Israel's maidens Blessed by his love to beautify

She had been chosen by the Lord to be All those who of this gift partake,

The mother of his Son! Oh, wondrous thing To be the leaven that will expand

To know that she had born and held The souls of those who give and take

Within her arms, the Savior—Israel's Beauty, to rediscover him King! Who made the world for beauty's sake.

784 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA for Christmas B Message

Dm iresld&ytt Ljeome bribed JmUk

are approaching again the abide in our homes; that there may be peace w.E season in which the world observes the anin our hearts, and happiness with our children

niversary of the birth of the Prince of Peace. in living the gospel to the best of our ability.

And we cannot help being aware that our I pray that our sons and daughters may be

Father in heaven has blessed us in so many reared in reverence, in faith, and in full ways. The only adequate thanks we can give knowledge of the things that pertain to their

is to honor him and keep his commandments. soul's salvation.

If there is any unhappiness, it is not because I pray that we may live with the spirit of the Lord God has failed to do his part. It is charity for one another, that little differences

only because his children have not always will not cause us to harbor anger in our hearts been as obedient as they might have been. against our neighbors, and that we may live

And it is for this reason that the world is in above the small annoyances of our lives.

a serious condition. The danger is real and We are commanded to love the Lord

not to be taken lightly. Suspicion, distrust, with all our heart, with all our might,

and unrest are still harbored in the.souls mind, and strength, and to love our neighbors

of men. as ourselves. Our love should pass beyond

This is a day when the hearts of many the borderlines of the Church with which we are failing them with fear. But no matter are identified and reach out after others.

where the clouds may gather, no matter what Let us extend to all our Father's children conditions may arise, wherever we are honthe hand of welcome and teach unto them oring and keeping the commandments of that his work is upon the earth, and that his

God, there will be protection from the powers plans and purposes include all men.

of evil. We need have no fear if we do what Let our service be such that others observthe Lord has asked us to do. This is his ing our good works will be constrained to

world; all men and women are subject to glorify our Father in heaven. Let us radiate

him. an influence for peace and happiness among

Let us retain in our homes the influence of all with whom we come in contact.

prayer and thanksgiving, and let gratitude Husbands, be good to your wives; and

rise to him who is the Author of our being wives, be kind to your husbands. Parents,

and the Giver of all good. Let us so live that treasure your children and safeguard them in

every night when we kneel to pray and every every way. Children, honor your fathers and

morning when we bow before the Lord in your mothers, that your days may be long in thanksgiving, he will hear our prayers, and the land which the Lord your God giveth unto we will know we are approved of him. If you.

there were ever a time when this was needed, I humbly appeal to the Father of us all that it is this particular period in which we are he may give us power and strength to resist living. evil and temptation and to put aside selfish

It is a good time to remind ourselves also, motives. We shall be tempted but let us resist

that it is not the position that we occupy that the insidious advances of the adversary by gives us peace and protection, it is righteousavoiding those customs and habits that lead ness. It is keeping the commandments of God us away from the right. Let us oppose evil

that will give us these much desired blesswith all our power and renew our deterings. mination to be worthy sons and daughters

Let us live so that the spirit of the Lord may (Concluded on page 831)

DECEMBER 1948 785 he rapid amassing of primary BAPTISM FOR THE source works and auxiliary documents at Brigham Young University through the purchase of large collecportion to the teachings of the later tions in this and sets both country church. This new light on the early

it and abroad, for possible has made the first time to examine the LatterChristian teachings was not hailed day Saint position with reference to with enthusiasm by some people, ancient texts, and valuable many which it has been of who for obvious reasons preserve a the custom

Christian scholars in general either discreet silence regarding the many to pass by in silence or to interpret discoveries of recent years which arbitrarily. is in the This article nacall for a complete readjustment of

ture of a preliminary survey dealing with a subject which has meant little accepted patterns and concepts. For

to church historians in the past, but Latterday Saints, however, the new in which a surprising on recent years findings should be thrice welcome, of evidence amount has been brought to light.—//. N. proving as they do the keen interest

among the Saints of the Primitive

I Church in the subject of work for the dead. The purpose of the pres-

1 895 there was found in Egypt ent paper is to pass in review those

INa Coptic papyrus purporting to passages from early Christian contain an account of the teachsources which can shed some light ing of Christ to his Apostles after on beliefs and practices connected the resurrection. The most learned with baptism for the dead in ancient

church historian of modern times, times. We shall see how the early

Adolf von Harnack, was prompt to Saints answered the question, point out that this document was "What is to become of the rightneither "a provincial production of eous dead who have never been the Egyptian Church"nor a brainbaptized?"a question that sorely

child of the Gnostics, but an authenperplexed the doctors of the medietic statement of certain important val church who, lacking the knowldoctrines of salvation and resurrecedge of earlier times, were forced to tion common to the whole Christian choose between a weak law that alchurch at a very early date. Shortlowed the unbaptized to enter heavly after, Carl Schmidt, second only en, and a cruel God who damned the

to Harnack in his knowledge of innocent.

early Christian documents, proof ancient fragaduced number Question Moral The to ness others who lived after the comingments, text the matching Coptic the Lord.* the discussof Jew, Trypho, "VWhen for half lanin aword dozen word

guages and showing it to be derived ing the New Jerusalem with For, he observes:

from the Greek original of an aposJustin, a Christian convert, asked,... certainly one righteous man is not

tolic general epistle which had en- "Do you actually believe that you different from another as far as righteousjoyed widespread authority and people will be gathered together ness goes. For God is not the God of the

... Those whopopularity in the church at least as and made joyful with Christ and Jewlive alonerighteouslybut of beforeall men.the are to law be

early as the second century. The the patriarchs and prophets, both counted as faithful and reckoned among the

subject of this epistle was salvation those of our race and those who just..., God is good and Christ is mighty

for the dead, a doctrine which, as became proselytes before the coming to save, according to principles of justice

Schmidt demonstrated, was believed of that Christ of yours?"the latter and equality, those who turn to him,

here whether or in the next world.4 emphaticallyin in the affirmthe early the answered church to have been

ative, 1 * in Peter, having shortly before the straightforward of Christ's teachingmain theme and after the resurrection. pointed out that convincing Clementine account, has

As the early texts were compared... those who have done that which is only contempt for Simon Magus'

with each other and with the testinaturally, universally, and eternally good doctrine of limited salvation:

mony of the oldest church writers, are pleasing to God, and shall be saved He saves adulterers and murderers if they it became apparent that the main through this Christ in the resurrection just know him; but good and sober and merciweight of early Christian doctrine as much as those righteous men who were ful people who don't happen to know him,

before the Enoch, Jacob, and simply because they received inhave them—Noah, no (thewas not on the cross Blut und as those even actually have who formation concerning him, he does save! not like—or of laterKreuztheologie times) but this Christ, the known of God, Son who great forsooth, and god, good you A whom

on the work of the Lord as a teachwas before the morning star.8 proclaim, not only saving the wicked but

er, marking the way of eternal showing no mercy to the good!5

progress for the living and the dead Says Clement of Alexandria: Wrote Irenaeus in the second

according to a pattern first followed It is not right to condemn some without century:

by Adam, to whom the texts attrial, and only give credit for righteousChrist did not come for the sole benefit tribute an importance out of all pro- *Numbers refer to bibliography at end of article. of those who believed in him at the time

786 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the dead is one of these will appear from a brief examination of one of1/ Jj A u In Arncient Jlimes the bestknown episodes in the book, the promising of the keys to Peter.

of old, it was another class of the Being alone with the Apostles, the with A5u Muak rlibley,y> Jk. <Uj. dead whose redemption concerned Lord began to sound them out

the Christian convert most closely: the question, "Whom do people say

ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR OF HISTORY AND what about his own friends and famthat I am?"The ensuing discussion

RELIGION, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY ily who had never heard the gospel? led to the next question, "But whom

That is the natural and inevitable do you say that I am?"To this

of Tiberius Caesar, nor has the Father a question. 9 One of the first questions Peter gave the right answer and

to be those for only happen plan who that that Jesus assured by investigathat ardent the Clement, was it is for all the living but today; human a to him by is, come had tor, "shall knowledge those be to Peter puts homines) {propter family omnes 11 omnino

who from the beginning by righteousness wholly deprived of the kingdom of revelation from the Father. Havpleased God and feared him in their genheaven who died before Christ's ing passed the test, the disciples

erations, and dealt justly and religiously coming?"To this the Apostle gives were ready for more knowledge, but

with their neighbors, and yearned to see a most significant answer: he asthe momentous teaching to which

Christ and hear his voice.6 sures Clement that the people in they were introduced is merely

This doctrine of universal salvaquestion are not damned and never hinted at in three short verses of tion of the righteous is matched by will be, and explains that provision Matthew (16:1719), and passed

the contemporary teaching of the has been made for their salvation, over in complete silence by Mark

Jews that "all who die hoping for but this, he says, is "as far as we and Luke. Plainly the Apostles had

the Messiah will be resurrected to are allowed to declare these things,"no intention of publishing this thing eternal life."7 excusing himself from telling more: to the world at large, and all three

The most conspicuous preChris- "you compel me, O Clement, to of them emphasize the Lord's intian candidates for salvation were, touch upon things which we are forsistence on secrecy, Luke (9:21 )

of course, the prophets of old. Says bidden to discuss."10 employing a remarkable formula

Ignatius: which has puzzled all translators

reads: literally rendered which and of the Apostles The Reticence gospel, the proclaimed too have They pen- a pronounced he, having "But for Christ for and waited and hoped forbidden was Peter them instructed him. Y\7hy (epitimesas), to disalty through saved, in they were him Believing

union with Jesus Christ, being worthy of cuss salvation for the dead not to tell it to any man."The word

love and admiration, holy men (or saints), with an investigator? If this text is for "instructed"used here is a miliborne witness to by Jesus Christ and called in question, we need only tary term meaning "to give a watchthose share our comamong counted who where Testament, an air of great point has to the New and word"8

gospel. in the mon hope and Peter of occasions secrecy. a number on and solemnity

to talk are forbidden Apostles to other indeed be hard it would While the has Matthew Now whereas for certain things. That work about chosen salvation to God's men deny Christ's admoend with discussion

Mark and Luke to secrecy, nition

Jerusalem from the Mount of Olives that after said what he tell only warning, that is, after the great things had been revealed, and in both these accounts the words of the Savior are almost exclusively confined (as also in Matthew 16:2128) to the strangely negative announcement that the work is to be

utterly rejected by the world, and that only suffering and death can be expected by the Apostles themselves, who are charged, moreover, not to be ashamed of Jesus and his doctrine. Why ashamed? It was

certainly no conventional teaching that the Lord was imparting, and he certainly predicted no rosy future for it in that dispensation.

The extremely abbreviated nature of this account ( Mark and Luke do not even mention the "rock"though

Eusebius tells us that Mark, Peter's own secretary, omitted nothing of importance from his gospel ) has led to much misunderstanding regard- -Photograph by Adelbert Bartlett (Continued on page 788)

DECEMBER 1948 a

BAPTISM FOR THE DEAD IN ANCIENT TIMES

(Continued from page 787) when it does not "prevail,"someThe same idea is even more obing the awkward and ungrammatione succeeds in getting past it. But viously expressed by Ignatius in

cal passage found in Matthew 16: prevail is a rather free English renwhat is perhaps the earliest extant

18. But it may be assumed that if we dering of the far more specific Greek mention of the rock after New Tesdo not understand everything, at katischyo, meaning to overpower in tament times, making it equivalent

least the Apostles did. And that is the sense of holding back, holding to:

exactly the point: they heard everydown, detaining, suppressing, etc.... the high priest... to whom alone the

thing, but of what they heard they Moreover, the thing which is held secrets of God have been confided. This is

the leads Father, the to which the Way left a us but have sentences is few terse the back, not (Matt. 16:18)

...... the the of KnowlRock Gate Key divulging of run which danger no in for church, the the object is not through entered edge, which have Abra-

"the mystery of the kingdom"to accusative but in the partitive geniham, and Isaac, and Jacob, Moses and all the uninitiated. If we are to believe tive: it is "hers,"part of her, that the host of prophets..., 22

Eusebius or the Apostolic Fathers, which belongs to her, that the gates the New Testament scriptures are will not be able to contain. Since From which it is clear that Matlittle more than a sketchy outline all have fallen, all are confined in thew 16:1719, with its combination

which without a special interpreter death which it is the Savior's misof gates, keys, and rock, definitely are as a codemessage without a sion to overcome; their release is to hinges on the subject of salvation

key."be accomplished through the work for the dead, and the work by

But why this emphasis on seof the Church, to which the Lord which they are admitted to the prescrecy? The great Migne was hard promises that at some future time he ence of the Father.

put to it to explain how Christ could will give the Apostles the keys. In Those who fondly suppose that

order his disciples to be silent on a one of the very earliest Christian "the gates of hell shall not prevail"matter which he wished divulged to poems Christ is described as going is a guarantee of the security of the the world. 18 The only possible anto the underworld to preach to the church on this earth 23 are inventing

swer is that he did not wish it dead, "And the dead say to him, a doctrine diametrically opposed to divulged to the world, so Migne re- 'Open the gate to us!'"whereupon the belief of the early church. If

mains hesitant and vague, eschewthe Lord, "heeding their faith,"20 there was one point on which the ing any positive answer, for to adgives them the seal of baptism. primitive Saints and their Jewish

mit the obvious would be to admit Baptism for the dead, then, was the contemporaries saw eye to eye, it that we have in Matthew 16:1719 key to the gates of hell which no was the belief that Satan is "the

not the public proclamation which church claimed to possess until the prince of this world,"24 nay, "the later ages made it out to be, but nineteenth century, the gates regod of this world."25 It is here that

reference to a special doctrine. And maining inexorably closed against men are under his power, and here

that we have here the teaching of a those very dead of whose salvation that he overcomes the kingdom of very special doctrine indeed is sufthe early Christians had been so God by violence. 28 "The days are

ficiently indicated by the significant morally certain. In passing it should evil,"says the Epistle of "Barnaassociation of "the keys,"the sealbe noted that this poem in its conbas,""and Satan possesses the

ing, and "the gates of hell."clusion definitely associated the repower of this world."27 Beyond this

lease of the dead with the "rock."earth his power does not extend:

The Gates of Hell Jehovah alone rules in the spirit the foundation thy Thus became Rock of world, according to the Jewish docit all; didst thy thou build kingdom, upon

'T'o the Jews "the gates of hell"that it might become a dwellingplace for trine, and his angels28 stand guard meant something very specific. the saints.21 over the wicked ones. It is on this

Both Jews and Christians thought earth that the devil is to be con-—career,of the worldphylake,of the deadphrouraas a prison—in TEMPLE SQUARE AT DUSK—hequeredhasandnohis otherpower strongholdfinally brokento

which the dead were detained but which to flee....m When he goes to

Eberling Georgia Moore By it hell, in will triumph, not to be but suffer tonot necessarily any made there. be here: gentle quietly imprisoned the bound and dusk His walks 17 In discomfort.other the Jewish How

feet violets in her with mauveshod On are the bonds "snares decepand aretradition righteous the dead 81 hair that tions"the "bind of flesh men impatiently as sittingdescribed in flowers, clad sheer steps the in She among their place of detention awaiting Dovegray, as pale as star dust and as fair. with lust,"and which will be meanskirts of passing swirling yellow day The ingless after the judgment, whentheir with final release and reunion

in faces, veiled the the gloom pansy Have the of enjoy prerogative none maytheir resurrected bodies and asking, their their heads eyes and drop bow They 82 deceived. being the devil to pray longer When must we stay"How 18 much dusk shadow waves a sable plume. it will rules hereafter be only over of Where talked Christianshere?"The

will-"the prison of death"to which bapDuskNightcreeps into the folding arms of those "sons of perdition"who follow his example. phantomlike, serene release stand and ingly oftism held As trees the key 19—

tall. shallsignificant as thought, we medieval idea that the devil The full is goldenround moon above see. The

It is the proper function of a gate bright, is the proper ruler of the dead is a to shut creatures in or out of a place And silence dwells inside the garden wall. borrowing from obvious pagan

literary.** In the 4 Isaiah 45:1); when a gate "preAHerespotcradledof heavenin thesleeps,city's inclosemoonbeam'sembrace source, popular and

vails,"it succeeds in this purpose; lace. (Continued on page 836)

788 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Cynthia Curtis an

anice OL\ytion G-ditof 'i r/ote 4J> Writer A Young 'I he author of this story was born in Oak * City, Utah, in December 1930. When poor alike. She was loved by all

she was three years old, her mother, who knew her. She had died sudafter which died, Olson, Wells Margaret denly. It seemed like a dream now, Wells with Mamie Janice made her home

Lovell, her grandmother. Upon her grandseven years later.

mother's death in 1942, Janice went to live He had tried to do his best for with an aunt and uncle, Mr. and Mrs. Cynthia. He had given her his love

of In addition Provo, Utah. Bruce Lyman posand everything could money

four the JANICE OLSON to Janice, adopted have Lymans sibly expected she buy. He knew children. small

idea, to give him up the whole and senior is a Janice in Brigham Young quickCurtisCynthia this really winter. to, but intended he had School when out of her High ly jumped

he had gone down to the orphanage, car in front of the the three kids—Tommy, Richard,luxurious house surrounded by beautiful gardens. She it, and, my dear, it is staying."J3rendahad greeted him so

pulled her mink coat up around her Anger was clouding Cynthia's shoulders. "I don't see why it has blue eyes. "You can't mean you're JLJrs. Harper began telling him

to snow so much. If only Dad would actually going through with your how the night before while gotake us to some warm place during plan. I invited Phil to dinner and ing for a walk, the children had seen

the winter months!"oh, how could you?"She fairly flew so many Christmas trees for sale.

She paused at the front door, "If upstairs and slammed the door. They had picked out the one they

I can only get upstairs before Dad James sighed sadly—had he would like the best if given a choice.

starts on his idea of bringing three failed? If Mary could only have So, after they had gone on ahead,

children home from the orphanage lived long enough to prove to she had asked the man to save it.

for Christmas. Why should we turn Cynthia that money isn't everything She hoped Mr. Curtis didn't mind

our home into a place for because she couldn't reany riffraff whom no one sist when she saw how else will take?"excited the children had

Entering the hall she been over it. She could

removed her coat and just imagine their delight handed it to the small, at seeing that particular darkhaired maid, who tree all decorated on had been so faithful these Christmas.

many years. She made a She finally asked him if

dash to slip past her fahe had come for any parther who was telephoning ticular reason, and he just in the hall, but he put the couldn't tell her, so he phone down when he saw said he wanted to make her. "Oh, there you are, sure everything was

Cynthia. I want you to straight. He would call

see the tree. It is a big for them Christmas Eve,

one to stand on the floor. at fivethirty.

Every other year we have Phil's coming was bought a tiny little tree something he hadn't for the table."counted on. Phil was a

"Oh, Father,"exyoung doctor who had claimed Cynthia, "I don't completely won Cynthia.

see why you did such a Lately, he had seemed to thing—the house will stay away. Cynthia hadlook like a forest—and believed he should set up

besides, a small tree fits his office in the exclusive in much better with the part of town in order to furniture, but I guess I—Photograph by H. Armstrong Roberts qe just the "right peOcan buy another. I'll take care of it, even though it can be very impie"for his patients,

Dad; you needn't worry."portant at times! Money had never "\'m right where I feel at home-

"No,"James Curtis replied, "the spoiled Mary. All her life she had the other side of the tracks,"Phil

children picked this one out, so I got shared with everyone—rich and (Concluded on page 828)

DECEMBER 1948 789 VAUDOIS RECORDS

parish record books to this central

Praly, a mountain place to be reproduced.

Vaudois hamlet, On this favorable basis the gathhighest inhabited place in the Vallee ering and the copying of vital geneSt. Martin

alogical material went forward rapidly. Tribute must be paid to

President and Sister Barker for taking their car, even in pouring rainstorms, and up and down narrow, winding mountain roads and hazTheishesregistersin Italyof havethe Vaudoisbeen micropar- ardousthe books.trails,Atto timesgathertheup roador returnhad

filmed! This announcement to be leveled off with shovels becomes with a note of triumph and of fore the car could pass. Often on a

profound thankfulness that this narrow road we might meet a cart unique and strenuous record copyor a car and be compelled to back ing project has been completed. up until there was space for it to

The three weeks in Italy ending pass. Once in doing this the car

September 16, yielded 1,476 volumes of births, baptisms, marriages, and deaths from sixteen different Protestant parishes, or a total of 80,390 pages.

We knew beforehand that this undertaking would be a difficult one, The records from Pramol parish were brought for the registers we desired to copy down from the mountainside were dispersed in parishes scattered in three narrow Alpine valleys and TT'he first disappointment encounin little communities aloft on the tered proved in the outcome to steep sides of mountains or perched be a blessing. Pastor Bert welcomed

upon wellnigh inaccessible heights. us into his manse, assigned us a

Nor had we overestimated the difroom, and brought in 118 volumes ficulties to be encountered. Yet, of registers. The camera was set

thanks to the blessings of the Lord, up. We were gratified to see that

the way opened up before us in a up here on the mountainside there most gratifying manner. were electric lights. But when the

In September 1 947, the moderator lights of the camera were attached, of all the Vaudois churches, M. they failed to come on. We were

Virgilio Sommani, had given us temporarily baffled and concluded written permission to film their parthat the power of the current up ish books, provided the pastors of there was insufficient. So we sugto the pastor gested to that he permit Right also consented. (Seethe parishes

guide, Jamesleft: M.PastorBlack,Augusteoperator,Jahier,and ourthefaithfulauthor

all the registers to take back Era, 1948 p. us ImprovementJanuary

13.) Before we left Geneva on down in the car to a central place

August 25, we received a letter for filming. He agreed. wheels sank into a ditch, and it

from him welcoming the commenceAt Torre Pellice, headquarters of took a crowd of willing men to lift ment of the actual coyping, and anthe Vaudois Church, we found a the car up and back on to the firm other of permission from Pastor suitable residence of repute, the road. That was on the way to

Umberto Bert of Prarustin Parish Hotel du Pare, where we were Angrogna. The rain fell in torrents

where we hoped to begin. given permission to set up our maas they delivered the records to

In the car which began the abrupt chine in one of our rooms. So the Rora, high up on a hillside. The

it was that we car road ended at Tournim, halfand rugged climb up the tortuous filming began. Then

trail to Prarustin on August 26 were discovered a defect in one of the way up to Pramal, and a Vaudois

President and Sister Barker of the light cords had caused a short, and elder came wending his way down this had evidently been the cause of the mountain trail leading a patient,

French Mission, James M. Black, our trouble. surefooted donkey, with the ninetyour film editor, who had come from In the meantime we had received eight volumes wrapped in gunny

England by plane to do the actual from the moderator an official letter sacks and packed securely on its copying, and I. With us we had in Italian, addressed to the pastors back. These had to be returned the

the microfilm camera and a quantity of the Vaudois valleys, recommendself-same way. To Rodoretto, poised

of film. ing that they permit us to take their on a sudden declivity, a path led off

790 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Microfilmed

-Mrchibala +jr. i5ennett &

SECRETARY, GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY OF THE CHURCH

from /a grande route for a twentyOutlineBrigham of(VanMt.

minute climb up and around a moundalino)Rock ofshowingProphecythe tain to a little cluster of houses (Casteluzzo),near Torre perched perilously in this mountain Pellice fastness. The seventyeight volumes

from here had to be sought out careful eye the work went steadily a Vaudoise girl, Laure Susanne afoot in a pouring rain and returned forward to a successful conclusion. Madeleine Monastier, daughter of

in the same laborious fashion, but Pastor Auguste Jahier, eighty- a professor for forty years at the this time without the rain. four years of age, went with us as Vaudois College in Torre Pellice.

our guide to the parishes. He was Our friend, Mr. Jervis, was her son.

'"Then there was the problem of ever eager to help and to explain our One night our party discussed sufficient film. As there were purpose to the other pastors, his gospel principles with him for two

more books than we had anticipated, friends, and admirers, and never hours. He thinks as we do on many

the supply of films brought with us wearied of going with us in the car points. We found him scholarly

ran short. The Barkers crossed the whenever we wished. and refined, and his analysis of cerAlps once more to Geneva and Basel Everywhere in these valleys we tain ominous political and religious

and brought us all they could obfound worthy people living moral conditions in Italy today was highly tain. lives, who were sincere lovers of the interesting and informative. He has

Brother Black worked early and Bible truth. It is a symbol with them two sons now prominent leaders in

late, tirelessly and efficiently, acalways to keep the Bible opened in New York and New Jersey, and he complishing about six weeks'work their churches (which they call temhas just returned from a visit to in three—as our time for this project ples). Their motto is: "The Light them. One son last year was in

Shines in Darkness."Their homes Salt Lake City and was interested to

are simple; their living is frugal; learn that there were many families

their lives are humble and filled with of Vaudois descent living in Utah.

sincere devotion to their ideals. We He had desired to learn why they

attended their church services, two were there and how they had come.

weddings, and a family marriage As he talked, we recalled having anniversary. Once we stopped the read a few days previously a placard

car to take a schoolteacher toiling attached to a tree in the square at up an eight kilometer roadway carVillar Pellice. It stated in Italian

rying on her back a heavy parcel that here on August 5, 1944, the one she had just received from her Germans had summarily executed brother, a pastor in South America. "Willy Jervis"and four unknown

We asked if she were a Vaudoise. men as partisans. I asked if this was

Eagerly she responded that she was. a relative of his. He replied gently,

"I am consecrating my life to my "My son."From the pastor of

church,"she said, and there was Pinerolo and others we learned later happiness in her eyes, "and to helpthat William Emanuel (Willy) ing the poor."Jervis was a prominent, popular, and

Typical among the fine characters rising engineer at Ivrea, Italy.

we have met is Thomas John Jervis, When the Germans were here, he who lives next door to the Hotel du several times aided the partisans in

Pare. One day he called and asked their struggle against them. His

if he might tell me about his geneamother warned him that this would logical record, for he understood we lead to his death. He responded, "I

were interested in such compilations. know it, but I cannot help it."One

He lent me an excellent printed day as he rode on his motorcycle,

Susanne Peyronel of Tournim, near Pramol biography, written by his father, he was arrested by the Germans. On

telling the remarkable story of his him they found partisan dispatches, grandfather, an English orphan who and he was thrown into prison. His

was strictly limited by other presswent to India and became noted as young wife made repeated appeals ing appointments. He pushed down a Christian soldier, geographer, and for his release, unavailingly. He

on the foot pedal of that camera "Friend of India."His son, author wasted away in jail until he was un48,000 times. We had no dark room, of the book, was born in India, edurecognizable even to his dearest

so to change films he had me lock cated in England, and lived his relatives. There was hope once he

him in a clothes closet. Under his later life in Italy, where he married {Concluded on page 820)

DECEMBER 1948 791 ONEliamof ourW.hymns,Phelps,writtenexpressesby Wilin part the Mormon belief conTHE LAMANITES

cerning the ancestry of the Indians.

It is entitled, "O Stop and Tell Me,

Red Man,"the first two verses of which read as follows:

O stop and tell me, Red Man, Who are you, why you roam, And how you get your living;

Have you no God, no home?

With stature straight and portly,

And decked in native pride, With feathers, paints and brooches,

He willingly replied:

"I once was pleasant Ephraim, When Jacob for me prayed;

But oh, how blessings vanish, When man from God has strayed!

Before your nation knew us, Some thousand moons ago, Our fathers fell in darkness, And wandered to and fro...."

It should be emphasized that the

Indian of our day is a remnant of a mixed group of peoples who were spared from the terrible destructions which took place on this continent after the Savior's death. ( III Nephi

8, 9, 10.) The reader of the Book

of Mormon will recall that in these destructions only the more righteous part of the Lamanites and Nephites—From a painting by James Henderson—Courtesy, National Gallery of Canada.

were spared:

of part righteous the more it was And I have made these explanations to were Mulekites than Nephites. saved, the people and it was were who

they who received the prophets and stoned keep us reminded of the fact that Notice the following:

are Indians presentday dethem (Ill Nephi 10:12; see also our not;... king that all caused Mosiah And now

III 9:13.) Nephi of the people scendants were who together. the gathered people should be

In III Nephi 10:18, Mormon united during the Golden Era of Now there were not so many of the

makes another statement which Nephite history, rather than direct children of Nephi, or so many of those proves that Lamanites as well as descendants of Laman and Lemuel who were descendants of Nephi, as there of the people of Zarahemla, were was their who followers. immediate The Nephites were preserved: and descendant of Mulek, a came and those who rift in the Nephite church which

in to that pass the ending it came And of the ancestors of produced our with1-2.) him into the wilderness. (Mosiah 25: I will fourth thirty behold, year, the and took place about American Indians

that the people of Nephi unto youshow it From this statement we are probwho were spared, and also those who had A.D. 195. Mormon tells about

been called Lamanites, who had been when writing of Amos the record ably justified in concluding that spared, did have great favors shown unto keeper: the "Nephites"of the period followthem,... And he kept it [the record] eighty and ing Christ's appearance on this conFollowing the glorious ministry of four years, and there was still peace in tinent had more Mulekite blood flowthe resurrected Savior among these the land, save it were a small part of the ing in their veins than Nephite blood.

peoples, they became united into one people who had revolted from the church From the viewpoint of the Book of the Lamanites; taken them upon and name are then, our Indians Mormon, tells us:people, as Nephi IV to there be again therefore Lamanites began several peoples of descendants

(Italics author's. land. in the thirty 20.) in it the and IV Nephi pass to came And Mulekites, with some Nephites and all converted the people sixth year, were

unto the Lord, upon all the face of the T atterday Saints have concluded Lamanite influence thrown in. for

land, both Nephites and Lamanites, and too readily that the Lamanites good measure. That Mormon

there were no contentions and disputations are direct descendants of Laman seemed to recognize the fact that the them, and every among his of Indians our be day would Actually Nephite Lemuel. much man did deal justly and

. another. one with

is of his people by some shown veins, in their not to own flows blood

There were no robbers, nor murderers, mention the blood of the Mulekites. last prophetic words:

Lamanites, there nor neither any were -ites; one, the In respect to the latter, it should be And now, behold, I would speak, somebut they were in manner of

children of Christ, and heirs to the kingdom recalled that in the days of the what unto the remnant of this people who of God. (Verses 2, 17.) younger Mosiah more of his people are spared, if it so be that God may give

792 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

tion before God, with revelations, as portrayed in the visions,the Lamanitesand prophetsseem finallyto guideto them,have won out over the Nephites because they kept God's law respecting mar- ". predicted,.. beJacob As of riage. unto them my words, that they may know Book in this keeping observance, cause of

of of their fathers; the things

this the Lord commandment, God that to the must ye ye come... Know

.. will not destroy them,."(Idem of fathers, your repent knowledge and of ormon

all your sins and iniquities, and believe in 6.)

Jesus Christ,.., (Mormon 7:1, 5; see also The people who broke away from

II Nephi 26:15.) \\7hen Jacob chastised his men the Nephite church about A.D. 195

Tt may be well to point out that the folk from the temple precincts and who became known as Lafor their unchastity and lack of manites must have continued the simonpure Lamanites of the Book of Mormon, if we may call them humility, he made some interesting old marriage customs praised by comparisons between the Nephites Jacob hundreds of years before, such, are dealt with in the Nephite and Lamanites. He pointed out that Therefore, their descendants were record between II Nephi 5 and

Omni 12. The firstnamed chapter the Nephites were more iniquitous permitted to continue on this land

the of destruction the Lamanites. after the Nehad than They the great records break the between

, of their hearts the wives and phites. broken

of followers the Nephi on one hand

I called have the conhad lost the followers of and and Laman elseattention their fidence of other. the In Lemuel are on it we

histo the children. where (Jacob told that the off cut Lamanites were "... torical the 2:35.) importhe from of "presence the beLord"

.. the tance of Lamanites. Book DIRECTOR OF RELIGIOUS INSTRUCTION cause to they not would hearken

of Beginsaid, Omni. he "whom Nephi's words. (II Nephi 5:20.) BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY ning with because ye hate Moreover, they were cursed because verse

of their filthiness 12, it relates that of their iniquities with a "sore cursand the cursing which hath come the elder Mosiah and a group of foling."In order that they would not

their skins, the righteous main lowers from broke away are more upon be enticing to the Nephites, the. fled into.."(Ibid., of Nephites and than you; 3:5.) body Lord caused a "skin of blackness"the

They were more righteous than wilderness, where they joined the to come upon them. (II Nephi 5: the Nephites because they kept the Mulekites. The united band of 21.) The sacred account continues: marriage laws which God had given Nephites and Mulekites, together

And thus saith the Lord God: I will his people in the beginning. A man with their descendants, is the cencause that they shall be loathsome unto thy was to have but one wife and no tral interest of the Book of Mormon

[Nephi's] people, save they shall repent concubines. Jacob declared that behistory. But what became of the

of their iniquities. cause of their adherence to this commain body of Nephites from whence

And cursed shall be the seed of him that mandment the Lord would not dethe elder Mosiah fled? The Nephite

mixeth with their seed; for they shall be stroy them, but would be merciful record is silent. Very probably

cursing. cursed with even the same And to them, and some day they should these wicked Nephites later joined the Lord spake done. (Idem it, and it was

2223.) be a blessed people. ( See also II the Lamanites or were destroyed, so

Nephi 30:3-6.) This promise has that their history became merged

Nephi says that the Lamanites been partly fulfilled in our American with that of the latter. The predicthen became an "idle people, full of Indians, and we may expect more of tions of Jacob may give the clue to

mischief and subtlety, and did seek it to be realized in the nottoo-distheir sudden disappearance:

in for the future. of wilderness beasts tant of Jacob's One remark

... the Lamanites

is special interest prey."to us. said: of (Idem Lord made 24.) The He destruction. unto even. And.. shallthe scourgetime speediyou

to the as use a scourge of them rethat except ly cometh, ye [Nephites] their [the Behold, Lamanites] husbands to stir Nephites, them shall possess up in remem- [the pent Lamanites] they their their wives, love their wives love and brance of him. The promise was husbands; and their husbands and their the land of your inheritance, and the Lord

made that if the Nephites did not wives love their children; and their unGod will lead away the righteous out from

remember the Lord, they should be belief and their hatred towards you is among you. (Idem 3-4.)

fathers; of the iniquity of their unto because scourged the Lamanites by to be "righteous"were who better wherefore, than '"The are you much how destruction. 25.) (Idem

sight they, in the great Creator? of your well "led been have away"may

I brethren, that fear unless ye my O his followers. elder the and Mosiah Little is said the Laabout more

their shall skins sins repent that of your

If the Nephites evenmain body of until to the manites Book come we will shall yours, whiter than be when ye of Jacob. Jacob distinguishes bebe brought with them before the throne tually joined the Lamanites, we have

tween Lamanites and Nephites by of God. (Jacob 3:7-8.) a fact of capital importance in Lasaying manite history. It would then be

It is passing of than worthy more the Laquite understandable why

I shall call that them Lamanites... to that notice the observe Lamanites manites outnumso overwhelmingly to seek destroy the people of Nephi, and

those who are friendly to Nephi I shall call were eventually to triumph over the bered the Nephites, as Mosiah 25:3

Nephites, or the people of Nephi,.., Nephites. Despite the fact that the points out. If the main body of

{Jacob 1:14.) Nephites were given the choice posi- (Continued on page 826)

DECEMBER 1948 793

Around The World on CHRISTMAS

Joutk Affriinca Swedien By RICHARD E. FOLLAND By C. FRITZ JOHANSSON

MISSION PRESIDENT ACTING MISSION PRESIDENT

19381944 19391946

hristmas in South all the festivals celebrated in Sweden there is

Africa is a religious OF none greater than Christmas—the day so short c holiday. This day is that electric lights have to be used until ten in the

celebrated as the birthday morning, and turned on again at three in the afternoon.

of Christ, a day of reverPreparations are begun weeks in advance. The tradience. All commercial tional Christmas sausages and hams and pastries in

amusements and entertainall sizes and shapes to please the children are prements are closed as are all pared, together with lutfisk (the fish for Christmas public buildings and places Eve), and rice milk porridge. Into the porridge has

Beautiful Capetown Table from in Bay, with of interest. Most churches gone one blanched almond, the Table Mountain background

have special Christmas and, they say, the one who services. It is a day of giving and receiving and visitfinds the almond in his helping with friends. ing will be married in the

Father Christmas takes the place of Santa Claus. coming year.

Pillowcases are hung on mantles and backs of chairs to After this Christmas Eve hold gifts for the youngsters. Adults exchange their meal the Christmas tree is

gifts. Very few people have Christmas trees; in fact, lighted. The children are full

we believe only a few Americans who are living in of expectation. Suddenly

South Africa have them. someone is at the door. It is

Christmas comes right in the middle of the South old Father Christmas with

African summer. The weather is warm and sunny. his pack of presents. Before

Generally speaking, Christmas is not a day of feastleaving, he dances around After Father Christmas'visit ing. Because of the delightfully warm weather, meals the tree with the children.

are of the lighter variety than those to which we in Swedish children must then retire, because they go

America are accustomed. Fruits are in abundance at with their parents to services in the Evangelical

Christmas time. It would be difficult to find better Lutheran churches at five or six o'clock Christmas

apricots, plums, peaches, strawberries, pineapples, morning. The families of the Saints no longer attend

bananas, papaws, mangoes, or grapes. these special services of the Swedish state religion,

The members of our Church in South Africa celebrate but have special L.D.S. Christmas services in the branches. -*

Christmas very much the same as we do here at home. The Christmas program suggested by the Sun- (hristmas day—December 25—is a day for one's

(Concluded on page 836) home and one's family. The Christmas holiday

begins at noon on December 24, and includes December 26—the day

when friends and relatives are visited. Nor does the season end then,

butChristmas—Knut'sit is on the twentiethday—whenday afterfestivities close. The tree is taken

down, and the Advent Star is taken from the window to be stored with the Christmas fairies and other decorations for another year.

Sweden at Christmas is indeed the artistry of the Christmas card paintings come to life.

Christmas time in Switzerland

—Photograph by A. Klopfenstein

fvidtrau By ELVON W. ORME

MISSION PRESIDENT

19411945

is Christmas in Australia, sans

IT snow, sans ice, sans sleigh rides, but definitely with plum puddings (the grand English kind), with fruit cake, with baked fowl, and all the trimmings of a grand old English dinner, even though thermometers in Sydney, New South

Wales, register 117 F. You will

find a few, but very few, trimmed

Christmas trees in Australia, and Christmas time in Tahiti the most noticeable ones will be in the branch chapels of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Toys for good Australian boys and girls are left by

Father Christmas, not by Santa Claus. On Christmasday, folk neither "go home"nor do they "stay home."3onaaf

Australian folk on Christmas day flock to the beautiBy EVON W. HUNTSMAN

ful beaches or to the mountains. Australia is truly a MISSION PRESIDENT

land of contrast. Christmas time is summertime. On 19461948

the south side of the equator even a good American

Friendly Islands—is a Christian nation,Boy Scout would be confused, because at high noon, TONGA—thehis shadow will point south instead of north. Native a native kingdom—one of the many pinpoints in

swans are black with red bills instead of white with the South Pacific where the Church has missionary yellow bills. Some native trees shed bark instead of activity.

leaves. And here, surrounded by the beauty that is the

Never does the world seem more upside down to a South Pacific, Christmas is a sacred day, with many person from the Northern Hemisphere visiting Ausof the people assembling once or twice for worship.

tralia than at Christmas But no holiday in Tonga is complete without a big time. If there ever is a feast, and extra preparations are made for an enormous

cooling wind, it comes from dinner during the day. Gift giving is a part of the

the south instead of the day, but the practice is not as great as it is in north, and how welcome a America.

breeze from the South Pole In some of the larger branches of the mission, the on Christmas day! Sunday School decorates a tree, and gives small gifts

to the children. The day is spent among the Saints in

|NE thing in Australia worship and respect for him whose birthday the

O'at Christmas time is the Christian world celebrates on that day.

pictheir bring out cameras, snap Missionaries of gospel Jesus same—the missionaries, the of Saints of groups tures and and holds church Christ. Every

fail in letters, never pictures, they arrive "home"when services to commemorate

Sister of president Rosen, Lucy clothing the light about to receive worn a comment the Savior. Relief Society of getting the the birth Bnmore

—Carolers are heard in the and the fans used by the people in the snapshots. Christmas relief fromtime—heatthe summertimeon a Queensfarm. land koala The two little streets of all the capital are koala animals bears.

cities, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Adelaide, Perth, and Hobart, as well as in country towns. Every Christian denomination follows

its creed and its practices in celebrating the birth of

Jesus the Christ.

Christmas in Australia is an unforgettable and happy experience. There are many strange and beautiful flowers such as the flowering Christmas bush;

strange playgrounds, inhabited by koala bears on Thefamilymissionin koala farms and kangaroo areas, in groves of ChristmasTonga day starkwhite trunked eucalyptus trees and blue moun1946 tain ranges, and hundreds of miles of white shining sand beaches with delightful coves and inlets, all within a short distance of the chief cities. It's different;

it's exotic; but it's definitely Christmas.

DECEMBER 1948 795 President Brigham 1851, the year on meIN to build a colony sent a fort and 3L FORT Young establish a place called Parowan, thus extending the great Mormon expansion to the south, encouraged at first by the lite their houses, killed or appropriated

Chief Walker. But as the thin line of forts their livestock, and spoiled their fields.

into farther farther and to reachbegan terror before spread and Consternation this territory, he viewed Walker'sChief set wolves. flock upon by as in a him to his incited people with and alarminflux they the races sand over In death those were theattack. Mormons Among all BLACK his of approach, and spread word Indians the and loved madewho genuinely

constant appeals to them. Foremost in this who could get away fled headlong. HAWK

number were Jacob Hamblin and Thales They crawled into dens or deep gulchHaskell. Added to the hostility of the Utes es, they climbed mountains and crossed

were three other adversaries: the Navajos streams, anywhere to dodge Carson's

the renegade whites, and nature, which grapeshot and keep out of his roundgreatest the at adversary times ofseemed of destitute of food, Destitute up.

all. shot Indian cold blood an had In their blankets, with rushed they away his with which Smith A.George gun own fulness their in painted be will never children, starvapreferring and womenthe borrowed, Indian and had Jacob Hamtold it be ever will of agony. Nor tion capture. to toblin his forced had been company and for fell fighting the braves who about of twelve thousand took Carson plunderers his leave body. on andgo The rights, their to be thought they what trail their the leaving and Hamblin's countryfollowed homeward people away,

in waited those of who the sorrow and settlers.raided the the herds weary of silent. No Piutes stripped came and The

treaty with the United States could guaranin from their hideouts north of the San vain for their return.

tee settlers from the depredations of the Juan and gobbled up all they could But Black Hawk and his people had

Navajos. in the Walker as again, discover to find. thousand Navajos few The who to prepared not were they that War, as escaped Big they Walk,""The Ill the battled had they fight. When it, called as not look so dared much an of resistance growing and steady field profitable the Utah trails their southeast beaten overHowever the years, for people two organized the to be, beaten was proving in terrible the blue uniform where men

trails of the Navajo to the southguarded their fellow tribesmen as capchief was ready to put his thumbprint east were still too inviting and too tives. Neither dared they go north to a treaty of peace, that he and his

rich in yield to forsake because of the among the chesty Piutes, nor south people might turn their attention to undeveloped prospects on the northinto central Arizona where they had the more profitable problem of gainwest. From these trails to the southmade a host of deadly enemies. ing by what the Mormons could

east they brought home crops, liveFor these desperate refugees there and would do to help them.

stock, children, women. All the remained but one possible escape from The Walker War and the Black

Indian all the other with War,promises to refrain they had made the Hawk to follow was starvation—that been south, had and north troubles this practicefrom nothing to meant the Buckskins long trail across and

them. It was a rich industry; nothing brave the exasperated guards and fought out to a victorious finish, and

the history. NavaBut of matters were forcebut ever could pry them fight for to out herders stood armed who

first of one the before it. begunof jo War, flocks the of the herds and Mormon

its sevenin and two, now other the southeast that plundered from But settlements. desperation the Hence

arose a bitter cry from bereaved parwith which they descended from the teenth year, was far from any visible ents, outraged husbands, desolated tall timber in 1863, to skulk and await end, and was growing worse every homes. The call of agony reached to opportunity with the lives of themday.

the nation's capital demanding the reselves and their loved ones hanging They massacred the Berry family turn of their loved ones, even though in the balance. in Short Creek, they ventured north

where settlements beyond among the distress in greatthe with nation was these hungercrazed raids of The dare would imagined they had the of its fury. height atthe Civil in 1864, worse in '65. anyone War became people

the death to fought they go. and to the president and petitioned, Urged horses of from captured a band They

of herds the horses, of for bands the detachof States ordered the United a there herd no near Kanab, and was ment of troops to the distant Navajo too well guarded to discourage their cattle, and the flocks of sheeo with reservation. This time, unlike half a efforts. In one place they fired a stack which they started back towards their

dozen former times, it did not come of grain in the night to attract the homeland.

simply to talk about a scrap of paper. guard while they emptied a corral of And now something happened again

Desperate with its own dangers, the its horses. Sixteen of the Indians raided in the Navajo country, some tregovernment ordered the situation to Pipe Springs in broad daylight, and mendous thing which echoed all the

be handled with firmness. the herders barely escaped with their way over the big river and the high

The command of this force fell to lives. mountain into Utah, as positively and

Kit Carson who started with it as giving as much alarm as that other guide. The particulars of his arrival TIZhile the famishing Navajos made echo in 1863, when Carson made his

on the reservation form a long story, ** existence more difficult every big roundup. For now, the thousands

but it is worth while to observe that month along the southern border, the who had been held in humiliating capCarson began with generous moderaUtes and kindred tribes with Black tivity at Bosque Redondo, were retion and would have made peaceful Hawk at their head went on the warleased to return to their desolated settlement if he had found it possible. oath against the scattered settlements. country. With a very limited stock of

It was not possible. Nothing but a In 186567 his cruel braves compelled provisions and half a dozen sheep to

very heavy jolt would jar the false and the Mormons to abandon twenty or the family, they came sadly back to dangerous notions out of the Navajo more of their fortified beginnings and prey on each other or on their neighphilosophy. draw back from the firing line for bors or to perish of starvation.

Carson began rounding up the peosafety. Hemmed off on the north, on the east,

ple of the reservation as if they were Fields which had been cleared and and on the south as the refugees had cattle, and driving them away in herds planted with great care, ditches combeen, there was but one direction in to Fort Sumner, known also as Bosque pleted by hard toil, dearlyloved which they could look with any degree

Redondo, in New Mexico. With light homes, orchards, and gardens were left of safety and that was towards southcannon mounted on the backs of mules, for Black Hawk and his braves to loot ern Utah where the settlers were

he comoelled them to go or die. He or destroy. The true colors of death already in a deathfight to survive.

chopped down their orchards, burned and terror in the remote settlements With no alternative but to brave the 796 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a

n-> rWFIRING LINE %jLit%man

dangers in that direction or sit meeklyperation with thoughts of the hungry HPime was to prove that this deeplydown to hunger, hoards of them set loved ones waiting at home, they fled straited corner of Utah, with its forth with stealthy step to find horses, with their haul in all possible haste. impassable gulches and reefs and rims

cattle, sheep, anything that would help The men who followed them also had was sheltering a breed of Indians desto keep their bodies and spirits togethloved ones to be kept from impending tined to defy the orders of the United er. It was for them to steal or die, and want, and when the pursuers overtook States fortythree years, when all othsome of them were to die for stealing, the pursued, they fought, fought with er tribes had accepted its standards.

and then the survivors sought revenge the abandon of men who see no other In a severe winter of the latter "sixfor those who fell in the fight. way to live. Being under the necesties,"with the people of the southern

sity of defending themselves and holdborder fighting to hold their own

Tn the early winter they came again to ing their stolen stock at the same time, against the Navajos, and both MorPipe Springs where Dr. Whitmore the robbers were at a distinct disadmons and Navajos taxing their wits

and his herder, Mackentire, tended a vantage in the fight, even more so when to hold their own against the frost, flock of sheep. When the Springs they were outnumbered, and it freHamblin and his men wallowed

were next visited by men from the setquently happened that the survivors through snow up to their stirrups in tlements, wading out there through had to fly emptyhanded, leaving their no man's land, suffering hardships unthe deep snow, they found the cabin dead scattered about where they fell. told. He matched the Navajo use of

empty, its supplies gone, its furniture However, their big, successful hauls Piutes from San Juan with friendly and utensils scattered or missing, of livestock came so nearly being the Utes from nearer home, and along

Whitmore, his herder, and the sheep rule, and the tragic ending so often the the wide front they fought battles to gone. They hunted a long time for exception, that the Navajos took heart the death even when he was not with

some trace, wading back and forth in to apply themselves with vigor along them. Some of these fights were never

the snow, and then by the feathered what appeared to be their highway to reported, for the men to report them end of an arrow, reaching up like a financial recovery. In 1867, impelled fell in the conflict, and when Hamblin

little flag from the windswept surface, by want, they hid in all the passes leadsaw crows and buzzards circling over they uncovered Dr. Whitmore, bristing northward from their impoverished some distant place, he went there to

ling with Navajo arrows. Mackentire country. They got away with twelve count the dead.

hundred animals in one herd, crossing These scenes cut deeply into HamPiute Indians them over the river at El Vado de blin's generous sympathies. He loved

Los Padres, while Jacob Hamblin and the Indians; he could see the situation

forty men followed other Navajos to from their angle. No matter that the

Lee's Ferry, forty miles below. Navajos had mocked at his offer of

According to Ammon Tenny, a conpeace, murdered his beloved compantemporary writer, the Navajos stole ion, and driven him from their coun- a million dollars worth of livestock try, his big heart swelled with sorrow from southern Utah in one year—when he looked at their dead faces

million dollars worth of horses, cattle, there on the hills. He longed to win

and sheep from the impoverished frontheir confidence as he had won the tier! It was becoming unbearable, yet confidence of the Utes, and established

this exasperated enemy had not yet peace between them and the settlers.

made its most alarming threat. Tenny But hunger never sleeps—the war

declared they were the only tribe of went on. In spite of the vigil of

Indians who fought the Mormons perHamblin and his scouts, including his sistently and implacably, scorning all faithful Ute recruits, the Navajos offers of peace for twenty years. made a big haul of livestock from Utah

Like wolves sniffing for their prey in '68. These men of the desert had

they waited eagerly to pounce on anyspent centuries mastering the art of thing they could devour. Not in the stripping wary Mexicans and Pueblos

summertime only, but driven by necesof their possessions, and they were sity, they came in the dead of winter, not to be balked by such improvised toiling through or contriving to walk defenses as the Mormons, so lately on the snow in hopes of finding somefrom the eastern states, had learned to thing which had been entrusted for employ against them.

safekeeping to the barriers of frost The winter of 186970 brought hardand storm. The Mormon sentinels ships on a big scale to the southern

had to counter all these movements, frontier, with Hamblin and his invinmaintaining their vigil whatever the cibles battling bravely to save their weather, whatever the cost, mounting muchneeded livestock. In the

in desperation to meet the desperation wretched days and nights of his vigil of the enemy, for they too had loved in desert and mountain he contemplatones waiting and praying for their ed the extreme suffering of his men, success. the losses his people had endured and

After some of these bloody clashes must yet endure. He considered also

on the wild border the Navajos sickthe privations and injustice heaped upened at sight of their dead, and to on the Navajos for, robbers though bolster their courage they brought they were, they had rights, and their was found under a drift, but the flock with them some of their invincible rights had not been respected. Most

of sheep was gone and all tracks hidPiute neighbors from the uncharted of all he dreaded to find those circles den under the snow. region north of the San Juan. Seven of crows and the bodies of men who

Others of these raiding gangs were of these Piutes lay dead on the trail died while hunting food for themselves not fortunate in having their tracks after one of the fights, and their enand their children.

covered with snow, and knowing they trance into the conflict marked a most Hamblin discerned that conditions would be followed, and goaded to desserious angle to its future development. (Continued on page 798)

DECEMBER 1948 797 THE FORI ON IDE FIRING LINE

(Continued from page 797) which had reduced or exterminated dians are destined to become a great were growing steadily worse, that if Indian tribes from the Atlantic seapeople, that the Mormon scriptures something were not done to turn the board to the Rocky Mountains, is the say wonderful things about them, and tide, the frontier would be laid waste, very kind against which the human he invited them to come over into Utah towns would be burned, and the enheart will revolt with its very last failwithout fear, to work for and trade emy would entrench themselves in all ing pulsation. In their travels from with the people there and be their

the gulches and mountains. Hoping to one camp to another, the missionaries friends.

forestall these probabilities he appealed met only with individuals or with famiHis soulful appeal reached their to President Brigham Young for perlies, finding no representative gatherhearts. At least it reached the hearts

mission to go again as peace envoy ing to hear their plea, or to make any of the leading men of the nation, and to the Navajos, trusting that now, after official answer for the nation. Even the big chief, Barbecenta, put his arms

they had been so greatly humiliated, though they made a friend here and around Hamblin, declaring that what they would deign to consider his mesanother there, it would still be the he had said was good, very good.

sage. work of years to get the Navajos as a Then the chief made a strong and imThe President approved heartily, people committed to the offer of good passioned speech to his people, detold Hamblin to go, and pronounced will, and in those years the conflict claring uncompromisingly in favor of

his blessing on him in this effort for would go on and perhaps develop the plan which had been offered them.

peace. Again Hamblin took with him dreadful proportions. Turning to the Mormons he said he

Ira Hatch, Thales Haskell, and other They heard that a great national could not speak for all his people, but stalwart frontiersmen and missionaries council had been appointed for a cerhe would see the missionaries later of unfaltering intrepidity, and they tain day at Fort Defiance, and taking and tell them more.

went pleading for peace where they some of his companions with him, At the Hopi villages on their way had been received with contempt beHamblin headed for the fort, resolved home, the peace messengers were overfore. They found the Navajos smartby all means to be heard. He artaken by Barbecenta and other chiefs,

ing with the memory of what Carson rived to learn that the program had their hearts overflowing with kindness.

and his troops had done to them, and already been arranged, no place left "We want to eat with your people at the years of their anguish at Bosques for him to worm his way in, and the one table,"declared the chief. "We

Redondo. That of itself might have combined sentiment of the eight thouwant to warm with them at one fire,

tended to soften their hearts towards sand Navajos assembled was just eight and to be friends."

the men from the north, but they had thousand times more against him than The great danger seemed suddenly other memories, memories of sons or to be past, the whole perilous situabrothers or fathers who became food tion transformed in an hour. But wait

for crows somewhere north of the lure of sweet brotherpeace and—theBuckskins. of the big hood had souls some moved

Besides the difficult matter of forof the nation, and they in their zeal giving, as this peace plan required, it had pacified some of the ignorant would bar them from the chief field masses; that was all—their dominant

of their very profitable industry as passion of the bloody ages had by no robbers. To make things worse, the means been purged from the tribe.

government agents, thinking thereby The hearts of the big chiefs had to curry the favor of the natives, treatbeen moved as never before, and in ed the peace messengers as intruders due time three of these twelve national and swindlers. It began to look as if leaders, with others appointed to go

the sanest and safest thing for Hamblin along, journeyed all the way over and his company would be to get back mountain and desert to Salt Lake City to the river while they could, and rehe had encountered from individuals and visited with the Mormon leaders.

turn home in safety or hazard a repetion the trails and in the hogans. They ate as special guests at banquets,

tion of the tragedy they suffered had other of demonstrations certain there, enjoyed welMajor Powell was Athere twelve before. years The come, and assurances of heard feel- a of great influence good superior and man

ing everywhere present was so bitter authority, and to him Hamblin poured will from Brigham Young and his imagainst them it seemed unthinkable forth his story with all his splendid mediate associates, to which they rethat they could overcome it, even if power of appeal. Powell was charmed. sponded in pledges of hearty appreciathey could remain on the reservation. He called to the big gathering for attion. Returning home they spread the

tention, gave Hamblin a most favorglad tidings of good will, and told their

Tt would have taken a very bold able introduction, and ordered the people to go without fear to work and prophet to predict that within Navajos to hear his message. trade among the settlements.

eighteen years these Mormons would Hamblin appreciated that now, after It was really too good to be true, have found a place in the Navajo contwenty years of futile endeavor and too good to last—a great prevailing

fidence which no white men as a group conflict, the great moment of opportide of ages reversed in a few short had ever found before. The Navajos tunity had come, and with it came the weeks. All the same, the people on

had spit their venom for centuries at assurance and the composure of the both sides of the long conflict, weary the conquering forces of Spain, and "love which casteth out all fear."and disgusted, had the simple faith to

they had bowed to the United States Slowly and very impressively he beaccept it for what it seemed to be: the

only to save their lives when they were gan to speak while the great copperlong-sought day of peace.

outgeneraled and outnumbered, not at colored audience gave him the relucUp over the trails where they had all because they had been won as men tant, momentary attention which the sneaked in caution before, the Navajos have to be won before they surrender major's order compelled. But the mocame now in glad companies to trade,

with their hearts. ment was prolonged into a great sito work, to engage in any legitimate

Hamblin and his brethren had somelence of awe while Hamblin brought enterprise for the things of which they thing most potent to offer, and they all his powers of soul to bear on his stood in need. They peddled their

wanted only a hearing. They knew plea for peace. blankets and their silverware without

that love and kindness are the most He told them the Mormon men and fear in strange towns faraway to the potent, the most enduring of all forces boys wanted to fight, but their leader, north, giving and receiving friendly which change the lives of men for the Brigham Young, wanted peace. He greetings, and everything just seemed

better; that the methods of conquest related the Mormon belief that the In- (Continued on page 829)

798 THE IMPROVEMENT IRA uamz CHRISTMAS m CIoviia Kimmim By IflfjarL C. J 5ePLon i&ammamam

were smuggled into the house to be daughter lived in Juarez, traveled taken into the master bedroom and the hazardous distance to learn at carefully hidden. first hand how Kay was getting

During the months that immedialong.

ately preceded Christmas, boxes and Once in Mexico, Sister Lewis enno other people in the world cans were solicitously gathered and tered into the community life with

Tocould Christmas bring the pecultreasured in the window box of this zest. Even though many times a

iar, pulsating happiness that it special bedroom. There they acgrandmother, one of her first actions

brought to the children in the unique cumulated until a week or so bewas to enroll in the Juarez Academy little town of Colonia Juarez, Mexfore Christmas. Then behind a so that she might learn how to speak

ico, in the early 1900's. For those locked door—with the key in the Spanish. She also could instruct theto whom Christmas means making lock to prevent peeping—the wives youngsters in the intricate stitching

a list and stepping into a store for of the neighborhood would gather of Christmas gifts far from inquisiriotous purchase, this story will and set to work. Incidentally, that tive parental eyes.

seem meager. To those who were was the only time that a door was Flour sacks were clandestinely

privileged to experience one, no ever locked in Juarez. whisked out of bureau drawers and

"boughten"Christmas will ever taken to Sister Lewis, who knew equal it. exactly the right amount of lye to

Juarez was an anomaly. Listed drop into the suds so that the printofficially as a Mexican town, it led ing would fade, leaving beautifully

a hybrid life of its own, a rare comcreamy cloth that with clever cutting bination of Mexican and American and sewing could be transformed customs. into undreamedof beauty.

for the great Mexican Named the uses varied were and Many its existencehero, Benito Juarez, put. the But to sacks were which

was a queer shuttling between first of all they must be ever so

American tradition and Mexican livcarefully measured and cut and ing. The houses that rose on Mexhemmed. And no careless or lazy

ican soil were faintly reminiscent child could hope to escape Sister of the New England home which Lewis'zealous eye. Making a neat

had been transplanted, lookout roof, hem was a veritable proof of being dormer window, and all, to the desof superior blood. The fulfilment

ert lands of Utah, and now sprang of the nursery rhyme "sew a fine rolling aloof, in the alienup, and all essential test of an seam"was clustered the children who To wastelands.Mexican in Sister to remain wished itself the door, heaven could who to the outside clung nostalgia While class. Lewis'sewing allure. have presented not more it vanished graduallybuildings,

divine that a no odor There was acof those the who, mindsfrom aristocracy in there any Tf was restrain, tiny doors could locked and full relish the toclimatized, began it the Juarez, democratic was sniffed noses, sharp hounds', as any theflavor of manana. Mexican They Sister formed aristocracy Lewis by in that in the more meant aroma full flavor that cannot learnedsoon rejected or those she admitted when lives youthful nectar than and amlife the unless extracted frombe {Concluded on 823) page to possibly brosia could have meant is activity industrialized ofbustle

permitted to run down somewhat. the ancient Greeks. Not even

Once accustomed to the even, easy chemists with their knowledge temper of the warmer climate, these could have explained satisfactorily

Mormons accepted with gratitude to the intense children that the odor the more even keel of their transwas merely a solvent for the gilt planted lives. with which their sewing boxes were

being decorated. Even today any

T)robably in those days Christmas of the children whose first memory was simpler throughout the of Christmas dates to the Mexican world. But it was true that simple hegira cannot catch the fragrant

activities brought intenser joys. For odor of banana oil without sufferweeks before the awaited day, ing acute homesickness for those

adults whispered in corners and beMexican Christmases.

hind closed doors, and spelled out Preparation for this gala event longsounding words, and winked was not limited to the mothers. Sisknowingly when little packages ter Lewis, whose beloved youngest

DECEMBER 1948 799 Ruthlookedheldattightthe togoldJake'sandarmwhiteand much,"You Ruth.worry aboutEvery theboykid goestoo

drum set in the window and through that gang stage. He'll get

then with trembling at the sign that over it. Even if I had the money,

said $150. "There they are, Jake!"I wouldn't spend it on junk like

Jake didn't say anything, just that!"He took hold of her arm and

looked, his old felt hat pushed to piloted her away from the window, the back of his head, and she and Ruth was conscious of an ache thought, $150, and just a bit over in her heart. She should have retwo weeks until Christmas! She membered that where Jerry was

eat GLAD DRUM

could hear Jerry's excited voice, concerned Jake had a stubborn blind "Oh, gollys, Mom. You should see spot, a "You can't expect him to

the drum set in Kimball's window. stay tied to your apron strings"atWhat a Christmas present that titude.

would make!"

For a minute he had been her litChe walked beside Jake up the Suddenly Jake tle boy again. Her heart gave a street, the snowflakes cold on stopped and took

painful wrench. Frightening how a her cheeks. Ever since their marhold of her arms. "Look

boy could change! One day there riage Jake had been driving a truck Ruth, don't let's spoil

I was figurin'onwas a closeness between you, and for the local coal company. The the whole evening.

your worries for him were no more salary was small, and times had buying Jerry the red ski sweater you serious then satisfying his huge apbeen hard with five children to said he might like."

petite, and keeping shoes on his feet, feed and clothe, but she hadn't "He doesn't want a ski sweater.

and then, almost overnight, he was cared. Their love for each other had He wants drums!"She remembered

a stranger, acting male and indebeen warm and understanding. She the Christmas she was sixteen. She

pendent, hanging around street corhad been so sure Jake could work had wanted a pair of rhinestone ners with Pete Bakkus and his gang, a miracle. buckles more than anything else in

ifsullen and stubborn quesyou the morning Christmas world. On put an Jake arm her. about his actions.tioned patent pair of black there'd a been honey, "C'mon, snap of out it! This if they the But could get set drum leather something wonbows, and

is date."our payday whistled a Hefor him! pictured sitting She Jerry in the died. derful "Getting her had bars few Christmas."of "Whiteat his the drums, long legs bent, a is terreally thing one want you

the kids'things "Got out of laygrin his face on as he played a roll sixteen, ribly at important Jake!"

her. told away,"he 'em "Took the snare faint first,on drum, at listen, Ruth. you "But Where'd to the until down Christcompany in risingthen until crescendo, your the things? room's the put Front Eve."

itsheart pulsed with rhythm, then mas it's place, small!"only so and

crash! with the cymbals. She tried to feel glad that the

She began to talk, excitement in smaller children were going to have "I'd move all the furniture out if her voice, "Mr. Standish, the music a nice Christmas. She tried to renecessary. Getting those drums now

teacher at Central Junior says Jerry capture the thrill of their payday is the most important thing in the has a natural sense of rhythm. And date, but the glow wouldn't come world, Jake!"

if we could get him a drum set so back. She wondered whether Jerry "He's got a lot of nerve askin'

he could practise, he'd really go was out with Pete. for an expensive gift like that!"places, and—"Want a burger?"Jake was "He didn't exactly ask for them!"

"You lost your mind, Ruth?"grinning at her. They had reached He hadn't, except with the longing

Her heart gave a sickening "The Mug,"and this was always in his voice. "He's been such a

plunge. "What do you mean?"the climax of their payday date, good kid, Jake. He's worked during

"Figurin'I can buy the kid a French fries and a cheeseburger. the summer cutting lawns, and—"

present that costs that much!""No, thank you. I'm not hungry.""Where'd I get $150?"

She turned to Jake, her worn Jake looked surprised and angry. She should have heeded the

pocketbook held tight. "I know it's "Okay,"he shrugged his shoulders warning note of anger in Jake's

a lot of money, Jake. But Jerry and they walked on in silence; she voice. But all at once her heart

wants it terribly much. If he had a was remembering the look on Jerry's began to pound. Always until now,

drum set, Jake, he wouldn't chase face when he played the drums in life had been a challenge—alwaysaround with Pete. He—the school orchestra. being a bit poor, but managing to

5"1? y&Z S5?>1 J2Tr-i /3fT!**S> JTr& t&fo*S or 5 55%2 *?>* <2'*?5>*2 fy7T>& cltTr QTnP JTf9 QATVaP QJyT*& Qf&T**& J?Tr& ATr9 9/-rr9 9/PTr 9/2Tt*-& S

Ruth went to the back room. Jerthe drums on the instalment plan!

ry's bed was empty. She undressed, She could do curtains, dress dolls.

put on her robe, and sat by the "Maybe Santa Claus'll bring you stove. Worry for Jerry was a physithe drums for Christmas, Son."

cal thing. She heard Jake's snore. There were tears in Jerry's eyes.

Jake doesn't care, she thought. He "Santa Claus? Aw, Mom, I haven't

won't wake up to the danger ahead believed in Santa Claus for years!"

until Jerry's in real trouble.

It was after twelve when Jerry "NText morning she was up at six.

came home. He looked more lanky Jake ate his breakfast in silence,

and overgrown than ever in the tight but when he picked up his lunch fitting Levis. bucket, he took hold of her arm. "Gosh, Mom. You still up?""Honey, don't let's be mad—

Mustn't nag, she thought, or I'll She remembered that last night never find out where he's been. "I Jake hadn't even tried to find a way

wasn't sleepy."to get the drums. But she had. She

He sat down opposite her, his turned her head away from his kiss.

hands beating out a rhythm on his "Okay,"he said huskily, "if that's knees, as if he always carried a tune the way you want it."He banged

in his head. "Did you and Dad go out of the house, and she looked

by and see the drums in Kimball's after his tall, broadshouldered window?"figure apprehensively.

There they are, She looked at Jerry. He was alAs soon as the older children had

Jake!"most a man, as big as Jake. Because gone to school, Ruth bundled Bobof Jerry, they'd said things to each by and little Jake into the buggy and

make ends meet someother they'd never forget. She pushed them downtown to the mucry, to he's a sic been wanted store. good

all of a sudhow. Now,

is least father, the can be a do you "If I bought those drums in the hurtstarkden, being poor and was ing. good son and not worry us half to window on the instalment plan, how

I have to pay down?""One hundred fifty dollars!"she death. And then she saw the longmuch would

cried. "That isn't so much. Mrs. ing look in Jerry's eyes and she reshe asked the manager.

membered the rhinestone buckles "I'd have to have at least twentySarlo's husband got that much for and knew how Jerry was feeling indollars down and twenty dollars aa Christmas bonus. Some people

give their boys a convertible for side. month,"he told her.

Christmas and think nothing of it.""Yes, we saw them, Jerry,"she "Wouldn't ten dollars do?"She

For a moment he looked as if she said slowly. "It looks like a swell could not keep the pleading out of

can't just wish for her voice. "I want awfully much tohad struck him, and then his jaw set, but you—you

stuck out in his stubborn mule look. an expensive gift like that. Your give them to my boy for Christmas."

"Too bad I'm not a millionaire,"he dad's got about all he can handle, The man smiled. "Well, I guess

said. "Too bad I don't have a swell just feeding and clothing us all."ten would do it."

job like Bill Sarlo. Bet Bill Sarlo Jerry bent his head, and his hands "Oh, thank you. I'll be back soon

with all his money, doesn't hand stopped their beating. Ruth got up with the money."

over his pay check every week to quickly, came back with cookies and She walked fast, pushing the his wife!"milk. "I made these for you today."buggy through the heavy snow, to

He was asking her for a bit of Jerry munched on the cookies. Hoffman's grocery store. Did Mrs.

praise, and she couldn't speak the "Pete stopped by,"he said. "We Hoffman know of anyone who

words. Jerry would hope against finally ended up at the 'Calico wanted curtains done or dolls dresshope for those drums. "And I'll bet Cat.'Her hands were suddenly ed? Mrs. Hoffman certainly did.

Bill Sarlo's wife doesn't scrimp By 10:30 Ruth had ten orders,

and save the way I do, either!"and soon there was a boiler full

They said a lot of mean things B,9 an J\nowte of water on the stove and a pair to each other standing there in of curtains done, a pair on the the snow, and finally Jake snapped, icy. The "Calico Cat"was a night stretchers. By the end of the day

"Okay, so I'm a failure and my kids club. She thought, my Jerry in her back was breaking, but her

are underprivileged, but I don't that place. "The drummer, Mom! heart was light. As soon as Jake

want to hear any more about Oughta see him do a Gene Krupa came home, she'd tell him everydrums!"roll on the snare drum!"thing. He'd never been one to hold

"Don't worry; you won't!"This time he only went to hear a grudge.

All the way home Jake kept a few the drums. Maybe next time he'll But Jerry was there, and she

steps ahead of her, and when take a drink, she thought. Only two couldn't tell Jake during supper, and

they reached home, he went in their weeks until Christmas. If only there afterwards Jake dressed in his best

room and slammed the door. were some way. If—why not buy (Continued on page 802)

5x?25? ffj&A.?5>-? r %&A.?5"x?4 /2Z 2%X S2Z) %

DECEMBER 1948 801

"BEAT GLAD DRUMS!"

( Continued from page 801 too much to do his work right, and good to forbid him to go,"he told

I suit. She asked, "Where are you it's all my fault—mine! her after Jerry had gone. "When

going, Jake?"She met Jake at the door, her was Jerry's age, there was a kid, He said halfjoking, but angry, arms held out to him. "Jake—George. Mom didn't like him, and

too, "Oh, don't be so nosy.""I got there too late,"he said she wouldn't let me go with him.

All at once she was so tired she tiredly. "Somebody else had bought So after she'd gone to sleep, I'd

wanted to cry. "I don't care where the drums."sneak out the bedroom window."

you go, or what you do!""The drums, Jake!"She thought of Pete, and the way

His face went red. "Okay, let's "Yeah!"he grinned at her, a bit his eyes would never meet hers.

keep it that way!"sheepishly, quite proudly. "You've "Pete's no good, Jake."

Jerry scarcely finished his supper. been so mad I couldn't tell you, so "I know that honey, but if we

"I'm going out for awhile, Mom,"I was going to let it be a surprise. could get drums, Jerry'd be so busy

he said. I been workin'nights at the post practising he'd forget all about Pete.

With Pete, of course, she thought. office, helping with Christmas mail. I'll borrow the truck and drive to

But now that awful feeling of helpMade fifty bucks, enough to buy Scranton tomorrow. Maybe I can

lessness was gone. When Jerry saw the drums on time, but somebody find some there."

in those drums Christmas morning—else beat me to them."But there were no drums

She worked until twelve and then Scranton, and the day before tumbled tiredly into bed. A few Christmas they bought Jerry a tan

minutes later she heard Jerry come fingertip jacket like Bill Sarlo's boy in. But Jake wasn't home. It was was wearing and a red ski sweater.

after four when he went to bed. "And I'll tell Jerry tonight how I've

Next morning she looked at his got enough money left to pay on drawn face, his tired eyes. drums when they come in."

But Jerry didn't come home for

I"ife was a sharp pain through the supper. "Surely he won't stay away

weary days that followed. Every on Christmas Eve,"Ruth said. But

night as soon as supper was over he did.

Jake dressed in his good suit and After the children were in bed, went out, not to return until three Jake put on his overcoat and there or four in the morning, and Jerry was a grim look about him. "You

was gone every night, too. might try the 'Calico Cat,'Jake,"

She had given herself a week at she said.

"I'll find him, honey."was He little dollars, ten but to the get most distinctly a halo She above saw later, without Jerry. back hours two of sick the taken some and was Jake at head, tipped Jake's jaunty a at Cat,''Calico the Pete "Was finally, pay, to but slow werewomen angle. his went, arms about Her Jake?"she Christmas, before three days neck, crying she the out and was his head. shook Jake extra. fifty cents the and had money of heartache weariness the past and isn't either."home, "He small the two she bundled Again ten days, holding her and was Jake he's hurt!"been "Maybe old into pushed and the buggyboys tight healing, saying loving and hospitals, "I the honey. checked spirits town. Her towardsthem things. in kid's a taking probably The tinsel like ornaments brightwere laugh, started to Jake, She "Oh, show."

tree. Christmas a strung on in there other stores are town. music it, that's "Sure went Jake."They

She reached Kimball's. The We can buy Jerry a swell drum to bed, but Ruth lay tense. She was

drums were gone. She hurried into set!"remembering last Christmas Eve

the store. The manager came toBut there were no drum sets in when a group of teenage boys

wards her. She opened her hand town. They came home tired and robbed Gladwell's store.

and showed him the crumpled bills, discouraged. And Ruth was remem- "This George I was telling you

and dimes and quarters. He said, bering that Jerry had been gone about,"Jake said suddenly. "No-

"I'm sorry, ma'am. I was hoping every night and again that feeling body could tell me he was no good.

for them. back But you of helplessness possessed her.you'd come talked her me. Dad whipped Mom

yesterday."solddidn't, them and I off. I still thought head George was

She couldn't speak. She walked After supper Jake put an arm swell. And then one day I was fed

slowly home, crying quietly. So that around Jerry's shoulder. "Care up with George. It's got to be that

was the way things turned out, even to take in a show with your old way with Pete. Jerry's got to find

when you tried and tried. man? out for himself."

An hour after she reached home, Jerry's grin was almost the old She heard the front door open she heard Jake's truck drive in. She grin, and then he stubbornly thrust and Jerry's step, and relief surged

went to the window. She saw Jake's his hands in his pockets. "Sorry, through her. But he didn't walk

face as he climbed down from the Dad. Made another date for toright through to 1 his bedroom.

big truck. She thought, something night."She could visualize that one swiftterrible's happened. Maybe he's lost Ruth said, "Jerry, you can't—look about the small front room for

his job because he's been partying She saw Jake's warning look. "No ( Concluded on page 824

802 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "0 TANNENBAUM"

(Drentnalt & anY TheSusantree measuredwas very tall.it as Bryceit lay andon itthesurestalwartmakes tree!me feelBrycie,good. theBrycie,boy

the floor. They looked it over with all the outdoor virtues—tall,thoughtfully, trying to decide straight, handsome, strong—and

whether it should be inched off at green as green!

the top or the bottom, certain they "Brycie,"continued Sue, "whom were, that it wouldn't stand in their I will love right up to the final stages little room without some alterations. of the 'sear and yellow'but in

"It was surely wonderful of Dad whom I take great pride because to bring this down from the ranch he's so young and handsome right for us,"said Bryce. "Dad said he now.

wanted to start us off right for our "A very involved speech, Sue, first Christmas."but pretty, very like my pretty—just

"I can't stand to cut a speck off best gal."

of the beauty,"mourned Sue. "Oh, Bryce, this is really fun.

"When a thing is perfect, it The tree looks superb now it's up.

shouldn't be reduced. Do you reWhat goes on first—lights or trimmember my grandmother's lovely mings?"

high ceilings? This tree would have—Photograph, Harold M. Lambert "Lights, I guess. But to be brutalstood beautifully in her parlor."ly frank, I'm wondering why we

In the end, Bryce sawed two decorate this stalwart specimen inches off the top and six inches off we'll have to do a lot of it in our which you have so recently likened the bottom. The two inches was lives."to your sturdy husband. Would you

easy, and it would still look beau- "Too bad we didn't live in swathe me in cotton wool, spray me tiful because of the star. But the Grandmother's day when rooms with soapsuds, dust me with mica

trunk was different. It was heavy. were tall and life was generous."and tie baubles to my appendages?"

There was no place to work; no vise "Sometimes, my pet, I'm rather "Heaven forbid! But I was into hold it; no "horses"to lay it pleased we didn't. I never liked her tending to buy you a 'marvy'tie

across. Bryce was worried. He wall telephone, her potted rubber something in red and green perhaps.

plant, or her hired girl. So let's not And I notice that you wear elegantcould so easily ruin the tree—knocking off needles, twigs, or even get sentimental and sorry for ourcufflinks, a suave tie clasp, and a

branches. selves. Just good clean surgery and truly wonderful wrist watch."

"We'll put it on pillows,"sugsweep up the chips—that's how I "All purely utilitarian. Not so

gested Sue. "And I'll hold it very feel."with these here tree trimmings,

firmly and sort of soothe it. EverySue gave his arm a squeeze. Madame. What say we just let the

thing will be fine, Bryce, but I sure "Good old Brycie,"she murmured. tree go native?"

hate to see this second operation. "The old philosopher!""It would be lovely, but if we

After all, it's been chopped down were going to do that, we should once already. I feel like I should have left it growing on the moungive it an anesthetic."oLetd tainside. It's here now, and I'd love

Bryce looked at her fondly. to decorate it. I want all this beautiful"Don't weaken, structure practically my girl. covered We must IT OVER shall TALK this manfully.approach with Which Christmas to glow. I want

it in all bring kids the neighborhood be—rubber "Dryce was working with the base.tives, mercurochrome canes. for candy a I want to have gloves, masks,—or sedajust

good, clean strokes with my saw, "Let's stand the tree in some party for all the young marrieds said water,"Sue. "It will stay alive like here.sweep to I want do us—around up the dust, lift the tree—and

longer."and pliant much for allall is forgiven?"folk. something the older

"Go ahead, darling. You're the "Good idea. I think we can manDecorating a tree seems to me like

doctor."age it with a big shallow pan. Trees taking a beautiful mother and heapAnd so it was done. Then with are a little sad when they get dry ing her with flowers and jewels on

one arm around Susan and one and begin to shed all over the her birthday. It doesn't really add

around the tree Bryce made sage place."anything, of course, but it doesn't

comment. "And turn a little brown instead take away anything, either. It's just

"That's us, Susy, always making of green. This one is so beautiful, I a gracious, gorgeous way to celeadjustments. Some things too high. want it to keep it's good looks brate a wonderful occasion."

like my handsome husband.""Let's go! You pass me the sheen,Some things too low—slicing off alittle, both top and bottom—build- "Honey, I'm too occupied to even Sue, and I'll spread it on."

ing up here and there. I'm afraid thank you properly for that one, but {Continued on page 832)

DECEMBER 1948 803

Christmas Books For Children I TALK ABOUT MY CHILDREN BIRD DOG BARGAIN MORE FAVORITE STORIES (Ora Pate Stewart. Illustrated. Nay- (Kenneth Gilbert. Henry Holt and Co., OLD AND NEW FOR BOYS

lor, San Antonio, Texas. New York. 200 pages. $2.50. AND GIRLS

1948. 115 pages. $2.00.) "XXThether you are a lover of dogs (Selected by Sidonie M. Gruenberg.

TT[7hile not properly a children's or not, this story of a boy and his Doubleday & Co., Garden City.

book, it is from the lips of chilgun-shy bird dog puppy will appeal to 399 pages. $3.75.)

dren and shows how a family unity youth with its tale of how Joey, with '"Phis collection is another step in the can be built so well that it must head the help of a neighbor trapper, trained reading direction of children of the the list of books for Christmas. The the puppy and overcame its handicap second level in reading as her Favorite

author's foreword reads: "I didn't to the extent that it took first honors at Stories Old and New offered direction

write this book. I only copied it the state field trials. on the first reading level. The collecdown."And anyone reading will Interwoven in the story are exciting tion includes several sections: Boys

recognize the truthfulness of that stateadventures with bear and cougar in and Girls Here and There, Of Courage directions the detailed for and woods Animals Folk Tales: the joy of association and Adventure, withment—and

training bird dogs. training Further the World,young people. that is one inAround This book When America

deserves to be in at least one stocking structions are included in an appendix. Was Younger, Enchantment and

of author has a delightful way Tall Tales, and Of Wonder, Humorof every house in the land.—M. C. /. interpretingThe the "thoughts""emoand Friends: Best Horses and Dogs, Man's

to Legend and TESTAMENTNEW section the HEROES tions"behavior.of animalsD. L. G.into terms of human FromHistory.MythsPrecedingand FableseachActs of the Apostles Visualized

(The Standard Publishing Company, author has written an introductory note

Cincinnati, Ohio. $3.50 a dozen.) JOE MAGARA AND HIS which will make the reading of the

U.S.A. CITIZEN PAPERS stories more enjoyable. This collection

HpHis delightful picturization of the (Irwin Shapiro. Julian Messner, Inc., will prove invaluable to parents and

Acts of the Apostles including New York. 64 pages. $2.00.) teachers who are eager to get worthPeter's work and the conversion and 'Deminiscent of Paul Bunyan is this while stories for home or classroom

first missionary journey of Paul should, blustery tale of the legendary hero use.—M. C. J.

if possible, be made available to young of the steel mills. How he came from

folk of the picture age. colors book The S. in the to Old the U. Country work SHIPS FLEET THE OF this in the are drawings deand book steel mills, steel better and more made ( Mallett Conger. Elizabeth Henry Holt

lightful will satisfy desire the of and all the than together overrest put and York. Company, and New pictured for treatment peopleyoung at foreigners intolerance to for an came pages. 178 $2.00.)

as inculcate with well as the them last his citizenship in the obtain U.SA.

it asfreshness the gospel of message folklore style is told in true high Tach branch of the service is fully and first dawned in the Mediterranean humor.—D. L. G. treated in this book of ships of our

world.—M.. C. /. navy. It is profusely illustrated with

the ships photographs, authentic and RED EMBERS detail, battleship'in described from are Harcourt, (Dorothy Lyons. Brace & OFNATHAN—BOY

is "alligator."story, to however, The Illustrated. York. Company, NewCAPERNAUM

style told in narrative good makes and 1948. pages. 262 $2.50.) {Amy Morris Lillie. E. P. Dutton &

Company, New York. HPhis is a swiftmoving story for girls reading for young and old and for boys

192 pages. $2.50.) who love good sportsmanship and particularly. A comprehensive index

adds much to the book's value. Phil Blake, reared keen rivalry. of the eyes the auenjoy a boyHPhrough—E. J. M. in California, trained her on a ranch thor tells the story the life of and

favorite the from Embers pony Red oftimes of Nazareth. Jesus Nathan FOLK SONGS AMERICAN colt tiny time the he a with was and

first in of the sees center a Jesus CHILDREN FOR father, expert guidance of beher he the as unfolds,crowd, and he book Illustrated. Seeger. (Ruth Crawford outstanding pony, an polo and came

hero. course,becomes Nathan's Of and Doubleday Garden Company, finally for Phil posigained a coveted

is author's the creation a ofNathan City, 1948. York. New tion the on AllAmerican women's

faith his his thinking, story but and pages. $4.00.) 190 is ink team. enhanced book by The times Testamentfrom engenders New

sketches less throughout. than person E. a Carl Sandburg M. fo J. in today. ofthe devotion same boys

seal puts his of approval on this stating, "Ruth Seeger's by—A L. Z., Jr. SUE ANN'S BUSY DAY songbook

notion. It repis no sudden

years of a rare motherHOW TO MAKE DOLLS New(SallyYork.Scott. Illustrated.Harcourt, Brace & Co., songbookresents many

AND DOLL HOUSES 1948. 52 pages. $1.75.) living with her music and her children.

(Tina Lee. Doubleday and Company, Cue Ann's best friend left for a vacaHer collection embodies an extraordiCity, York.Garden New

littion out, for school array the of timetested nary songs and day was 1948. $2.25.)64 pages.

felt she ones, they to a tle Sue of them so old have have was going Ann many "KTother and daughter alike will find perfectly "awful"summer. Even paper been forgotten and now have the fresh-

a wealth of interesting material in dolls were no longer any fun. The days ness of the new,"And the preface by

this book to help take the "gray"out took on a new meaning when she found Lilla Belle Pitts, professor of music of rainy days. Practical and simple a way to keep busy and to earn some education, Teachers College, Columbia

methods of making dolls, doll houses, money as well. Written in a free and University, adds another delightful

and furniture are told and illustrated in easy style, with interesting illustrations sidelight: "... this is a book, if ever

an easily understood manner. Diagrams on almost every page, this book is suitthere was one, that has grown out of

and patterns are included. D. L. G. able for little girls. E. /. M. the very heart of an affectionate and

804 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA cooperative family and social life."SUGAR AND SPICE PINEY BEAR

The author's "How the Book Grew"(Lorraine Beim. Harcourt, Brace (Helen Ogston. Illustrated. Dodd,

is a delight to read, and the songs themand Company, New York. Mead & Company., New York.

selves are fun—a mast for families. 215 pages. 1948. $2.50.)—M. C. /. A NN is abruptly informed at the close '"Phis1948. 54storypages.)of a Yellowstone bear is

of her senior year in high school an exceptional nature story which

PEACH TREE ISLAND that she will be unable to attend colyoung people between the ages of eight (Mildred Lawrence. Harcourt, Brace lege because it is not possible for both to twelve will enjoy and from which

and Co., New York. 224 pages. her and her brother to go. This is the adults will learn much concerning the

1948. $2.25.) first of many incidents which indicate habits of bears and other animals in

HThis is a story of nineyear-old Cisto her that boys are given preference the great Yellowstone Park. M. C. J.

sie who comes to Peach Tree Isover girls in schooling, business, and land after having lived with each of the professions. THE ADVENTURES OF

three aunts in turn since earliest childFor a time her college years and JACK AND JILL hood. planned career as a psychologist seem (Clare Randolph. Illustrated. HollowPeach Tree Island, the girl's forgetimpossible, but following a visit to an Tree House, Chicago. 1948. $1.00.)

clear a helps her gain uncle, hisful but understanding homey aunt who per-,rpHE story behind Jack and Jill as told sets about she the problem spective ofhousekeeper, become and the orchards will this as fasciauthor prove by a and Cissie. to good that courage undaunted with proves She dearvery

itself. the as nating nursery rhyme And plans her of "spice"the deal as as a valuable to makeshe can be boy in

orchards and is finally invited to make work. D. L. G. the magic Thistle assured Jack and Jill

that there always be would water—and her Island permanent TreePeach

little set stone to to build a they work eight Girlshome. between and FOX THE twelve ROGER AND all the to the creek keep across wall

Illustrated. story. Davis. Doublewill the (Lavinia R. L. enjoy D. G.

/. day & Company, Inc., Garden City, water from running away. M. C.

pages. 1947. $2.00.) 44 York. STORIES New ZOOTRUE

Bridges. Illustrated. William(William animals,"LITTLE SQUEEGY BUG wild to see you want "Tf

Illustrated. Martin. (Bill and Bernard Associates, York.Sloane New just can't said, rush Seth had "you

. City. TellWell Press, Kansas 1948.127 pages. $2.50.) in 'em. to wait be and have on You Revised. $1.00.) this will enjoy book al-/hildren six, patient."he loved and Roger was

most as thoroughly as a trip to the walking home from school through the HPhis story of the firefly will prove of zoo. In a manner clearly understandrustling leaves, but he tried to move interest as the authors state for

able to the young, descriptions of quietly so as not to startle the small children of four to ninetynine. And in

many animals are given as well as their creatures in the woods. Then as winter these days of longevity it is doubtful

natural habitats, what they eat, and came and Roger had his first skis, he that ninetynine will be the end of inhow they live. Excellent photographs decided winter was the best time of all. terest. One commendable feature of

further enhance the value of the book. His many explorations on his long this book as of others of this publish-

—D. L. G. walks from school are interestingly and ing house is that the bindings of the

in color entertainingly depicted books are pages, to the thus by sewed CHILDREN FOR AESOPTHE durable making for E. the a more Woodward. product M. J. (Illustrated Milo Winter. Rand Hildegard by rough and tumble eagerness of chilCompany,McNally New York. BUFFALO GOLD dren.—M. C. J.112 pages. $2.00.) Longmans, (Geraldine Green Wyatt.

old is a and for young must A esop Inc., York, Company, New SCARFACE will & this delightful presentation and $2.25.) 1948. 184 pages. (Andre Norton. Harcourt, Brace and delight to both. Aesop abe Without life on the Kansas plains Company, New York. 1948.our language would lose much of its A tale of

pungency. Imagine taking "sour is thrillingly told in this book for 263 pages. $2.75.)

grapes"and "the hare and the tortoise"the teenage boy and girl. Against the "Dreathing deep of the atmosphere of

out of our everyday talk! And since grimness of living in a dugout and fear the sea is this tale of Scarface.

these stem from Aesop, we need to reof attack by Indians, is fifteenyear-old cabin boy of Captain Cheap, one of fresh ourselves and teach young people Anthon Hull's love of the land. The the leaders of the pirate stronghold,

these fables so illustrative of human story is full of action and downto- Tortuga. Although there are hints of

foibles.—M. C. /. earth living. E. J. M. a mystery in Scarface's background, he

PATCH VICTORIOUS ISLAND remembersmany thrillingno adventuresother life.he Butdiscoversafter

(Mary Elling. Doubleday and Com- (Henriette van der Haas. Harcourt, his real identity. A. L. Z., Jr.

pany, Inc., Garden City, New York. Brace and Company. New York.

159 pages. 1948. $2.00.) 1947. 193 pages. $2.50.)

LIGHTNING is 1944, time little and friend, their Walcheren with and HThe TonyJOE Illustrated. Martin. (Bill and Bernard the of spot Island, full a beauty once exciting Sarah, a and spend

City. TellWell Press, Kansas $1.00.)

is after liberated being teaching to Patch and Netherlands, obeysummer become a good farm dog as well as a years of Nazi oppression. Jan, a four- ""Phis story of the development of unwonderful pet. Difficulties are enteen-yearold Dutch lad, who has done derstanding between two peoples:

countered with a neighboring farmer much to carry on, on the family farm, the white and the Indian, will help who develops a dislike for the dog, and to keep the spark of Dutch morale much in the knowledge that honesty is but even this is overcome when Patch alive, is ready to do his part in the the best policy in dealing with everysaves the experimental wheat crop of exciting work of aiding the Allies. one. The mare that Danny wanted beboth his young masters'father and the Gerard Hordyk made the illustrations longed to Eagle, and so he returned her

neighbor. Peppy illustrations by for the book while visiting his native to him. In gratitude Eagle gave her

Ursula Koering add further interest. land soon after the liberation. colt, Lightning, to Danny for his very

—D. L. G.—A L. Z., Jr. own. M. C. J.

DECEMBER 1948 805 ic pure spoken FROM TEMPLE SQUARE w

By RICHARD I EVANS

7 the of the world upon our lives, will have problems and beyond which we their shoulders. even -/ P- not which suppose beV by And moved—principles

TDeople who write plays often pull we can immediately decide what though you are sincerely seeking a themselves out of predicaments will be our final answer—our exit solution, you are facing other men

proposal. "Let men dewho are not thinking as you areby the use of "exit lines."With a line—to any

good exit line an actor can extricate cide what they will not do, and they thinking. When you face these

himself from the most difficult dilemwill be free to do 1 vigorously what facts, you may realize how urgently mas. But the need for exit lines is they ought to do."men need higher help as they ponby no means confined to the theater. iMatthew 4:8-10 der the problems of the world. And

In real life exit lines may save many 2Mencius—October 3, 1948. you may then well know how much

situations also; for example, we Copyright, King Features they need our earnest prayers, and

could often use one for the person how urgently they need insight and to waste, time has and whowho JJcow nek au e anyinspiration;higher help,for mereare woefullymen, withoutinadeto time while he ourwants waste

is the person wasting who his—for C*xpe to/ en:? quate.ple, by Butrepentance,by the prayersby theofguidanceall peohis leisure that is everysupposes

pursuing the and by Lord God, for of to find our efforts a solution N leisure. there areone's numerBut I the of paths the Prince of Peace, our perplexing in lines exit problems, for moreous needs we

serious circumstances. Often young sometimes appoint people to various men may have right and reason to

people are faced with unpleasant positions, give them credentials, and expect the answers to their perplexalternatives, such as a choice besend them off to their assignments, ing problems.

tween principles and socalled popuearnestly hoping that, without much Copyright—October1948 10, 1948.

larity. But popularity with people more effort on our part, they will

who offer only this alternative isn't find a safe and sure solution to the ever worth the price. And when we problems that plague us. We often Lyon Lan t Ljo iSack

are dealing with people who won't expect much of men. And there is

understand any other language, oftmuch that sincere and able and honOerhaps most of us at times cheren the only adequate exit line is a est men can do. But we would do ish the thought that we would

definite and determined, "No!"well to remember that men, after all, like to go back—back to try over

And if an emphatic "No"isn't acare men. And to emphasize this or back to enjoy once more the

cepted, exit by action may be called fact, suppose that all of you ask yourreality of some of our memories. But

for—a determined exit without selves this question: If the world's places long unseen often loom larger

lingering or looking back. Doing pressing problems were in your in memory than they really are.

just that has saved many a man hands waiting to be set right, just That haystack on the old farm was from many a mistake—and Joseph in what would you do? What would surely much higher than now it

Egypt was one of them. One of the be your answer to all of the unanseems. That green lane was surely

most unforgettable exit lines of all swered questions of our time? This longer and lovelier than this. And

time is the one that terminated the is a grave question. And remember that high fence in the back yard

temptation of Jesus the Christ when that your answer must be practicable and the tree we climbed to look over "the devil... sheweth him all the and workable—that it must be it—surely they were an important

kingdoms of the world,... And saith ready right now, and that it cannot part of the universe. And the old

unto him. All these things will I and must not fail. Suppose that if house had yawning caves in the

give thee, if thou wilt fall down and your answer fails, the world is at closets, and untold mysteries in that worship me. Then saith Jesus unto war again, and that men, with more deep cellar and up in that beckoning

him, Get thee hence, Satan."1 In physical force than they have ever yet forbidding attic. Why, that

social situations, in business barhad, are again doing their best to house couldn't have been as small gaining, and in many other matters, exterminate each other. And reas now it seems. Surely it couldn't

all of us meet many proposals. But member, too, that you are only a be I who have changed! I remember

when a proposal passes the limits of man with the wisdom of a man, even these things, and they were real, propriety and principle, then it is as are all other men. Some men are and they are real now where I keep

time for an exit. There isn't enough wiser than others; some are more them in remembrance. And all those

money in the world, there isn't able than others; some have broader things we used to do and think and

enough profit or popularity or social knowledge of the ways of the world. feel before life put its heavy hand

prestige to justify anyone's doing But all of them are men. All of upon us—where and how did we

anything contrary to conscience and them have limitations. All of them lose them? Perhaps some of the

conviction. Our safety and selfmake mistakes. None of them is invalues we had in childhood were

respect suggest that we adopt prinfallible. And so, suppose you put safer and better than some we have

ciples within which we will conduct yourself in the place of those who acquired since. Perhaps the things

806 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA we remember haven't changed so of man that makes it necessary for justify want has him to been the change Perhapsmuch. himself—to to <J-)anaeroud 2>ifierenced eyes right to be both in his own of seem Oh,in usBut go back. we can't

course, we may possibly go back to and in the eyes of others—before he hen someone sets out to dethe scenes of our childhood, and we can effectively sustain his position. w ceive someone else, he is more

may expect to find in them all that This is one reason why people in likely to be successful if he deceives we found in them then, but surely positions of power so frequently with similarities rather than with we shall find that they seem to have take the trouble to explain themobvious differences. If falsehood

shrunk, somehow—that they don't selves, even when they don't have were not sometimes so subtly like

look the same. Perhaps we'll find to. This is one reason why even the truth, if imitations were not

that it isn't just old and familiar dictators often make at least a gessometimes so skilfully like the real scenes so much as childhood itself ture at justifying their actions when thing, it wouldn't be so difficult to we are looking for—and that, I'm they ruthlessly violate the rights of stamp out false philosophies and ficafraid, we can't have. Not now! others, or when they disregard the titious values. But the whole theory

We can't go back—not even to find integrity of territories. Everyone in and practice and technique of decepout if that's what we want. And some degree feels the weight of tion is to play on likenesses. Thereally I think we wouldn't want to. moral force—even an absolute autoswindler, for example, doesn't look

But perhaps there is something we'd crat, no matter how completely he like a swindler if he can help it. He

like to make right back there—somecontrols the material and physical tries to look like an honest man.

thing we wouldn't have done if we elements about him. He may make The false money that the counterhad known what we know now. men go through the motions of loyfeiter makes is not greatly different

But we can't go back—not even for alty. He may force them to labor in appearance from the money the

that. And it's just as well. The long for his cause and to come to mint makes. If it were, it wouldn't

things back there belong back there. him for bread, and to become debe accepted. Often also the amount

We can't go back any more than the pendent upon him for all of the of poison that makes food unfit for world we live in can go back. No physical needs of life—but he can't use may be so small that most men

matter what doors regretfully are prevent a man from thinking against can't tell the difference—until it is

closed behind, no matter what past him, from praying against him, and too late. If poisoned food always

we have been reaching for, our efcontributing with moral force to his looked like poisoned food, we forts had better turn about to face ultimate undoing. It is no small wouldn't need to worry. But the

the future—and to begin to work it thing to face ten people whose wills danger comes when poisoned food

out today and tomorrow. Call it reare set against you, even if you have looks like any other food. Likewise,

pentance if you want to; give it any no physical harm to fear from them. with some false philosophies, it is

it is the terrifything best cumulativelyname you more And similarities please—but that are deceptive—simisure can then is to make do to face are ing a hundred. wewe And that larities to things we have altraveling in the right direction, bethink what it must be like to conready accepted, but with differences

ginning now. There is nothing back template that there may be a milthat are dangerous. And often the

there for anyone, but there are limitlion or a hundred million or many subtle and sometimes sinister difless, eternal possibilities ahead, now hundred millions who are thinking ferences slip by unnoticed. Someback—don'tand forevermore.try to.But you can't go andto knowprayingthatandyouhopingstand againstconvictedyou;in onetell oncea hundredsaid thattruthsthe indevilorderwouldto

—October 17, 1948. the eyes of man and God. It is no establish one lie. But no matter

this power of how great are the similarities be- 'Revised Copyright 1945 imaginary thing—

moral force. It is a power that overtween the true and the false, and

in its its in time rides and own own differences, the small matter no howJke J-ower all set against barriers the of of up way it isn't to accept falsehood safe a %J it. it, all disregard of those and who it in simply because the same comes *1 It is a power so real that no wise package with a hundred truths.

\T7e hear much in the affairs of man reckons without it, and no foolAnd so, beware of small deceptions.

men of the use of moral force. ish man can for Beware of subtle substitutes, ofIt is a force to be reckoned with 'Revised long.—October 24, 1948. things that are something like, but

now, as it always has been. It is one Copyright 1942 not just like, what we are looking

of the few weapons that do not for. Beware of similarities that are

become obsolete. It is the first and used to cover dangerous differences.

last line of defense. Without it men Beware of things that seem to be allose heart and give up. With it they most right, but which are just a little

often hold out against great odds. wrong.

There is something about the nature—October 31, 1948.

"LJeard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nation- f*"wide radio network through KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System every Sunday at 11:30 a.m.

Eastern Time, 10:30 a.m. Central Time, 9:30 a.m. Mountain Time, and 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time.

DECEMBER 1948 807 v

M pessimistic and say, "What's the use? Nobody else

"I Give You Man tries to live to them."We forget the very philosophy behind Christ's teachings: that the individPouring recent years there has been a temptation

attitude the can change ual is important and man people, of think of great to in terms numbers lives to his provided he entire community, of an is to a thing belong to crowd the as if important all going the same way, doing the same things, beliefs and indicates how they have helped build life happily. his more fashion. thinking in the stereotyped same and time at Christmas give toast you I would The to turn it is natural our attentime Christmas At

little the is created this: lower than but then Man, tion to the man for whom the day was named.

quietly, concentratconsider him again, And angels, has the power to use his Godgiven talents as we C. /.

other of to the exclusion him things, we to benefit himself and his associates.—M. ing on

come afresh to the idea that he himself was a man who combatted many of the accepted ideas of The Purchase Price of Peace his time. We forget, living in communities which

are for the most part Christian, the great strugVTearly two millenniums ago, shepherds, abiding gle that it was to make Christianity the accepted with their flocks by night, heard an angel, and way of life. We fail to realize that Christ, a "multitude of the heavenly host praising God,

a man alone, completely changed the thinking and saying, Glory to God in the highest and on of an entire culture—making the adherents abanearth peace, good will toward men."(Luke 2:13don the accepted concept, "an eye for an eye, 14.) Even then peace was an old desire among

and a tooth for a tooth,"for that of "love your men. The first man, created in the image of God,

enemy."probably had that desire foremost in his heart.

Since he was divine, his teachings came with Since the angelic host proclaimed it to the shepmore force than would be possible for mere man. herds, wise men, vain men, humble men, men in

But those mortals who were fired with his teachall walks of life have been striving for it, with ings carried their convictions to those who had not varying degrees of success, depending on the apheard his message, and their success was phenomplication of principles. And certainly the one

enal because they had faith in what he said. And desire of men this Christmas time of 1948 is that

chief of that which he said was that the individual peace may continue and world relations improve.

man is important. "Peace on earth, good will toward men,"is a

This is a concept to cling to in these days when good catch phrase adapted from scripture. But we

emphasis seems to be placed on mass decisions, ofttimes forget what comes before it: "Glory to

mass judgment, mass action. The lone voice cryGod in the highest."That complete verse is the

ing in the wilderness may often be vindicated by purchase price of peace.

future generations. The important factor, then, is And when we receive the blessing of peace, it

to learn whether we are right or not and, having must be shared, for he who receives and shares is decided the Tightness of our course, never to twice blessed.

deviate from it, no matter how great the pressure For nearly two millenniums, since the angel to do otherwise. chorus proclaimed it, men have been striving for

New Year's is the traditional time for stockpeace. When will it be obtained? The spirit in

taking, but it is at Christmas time that we remen's hearts during the Christmas season, if evaluate our way of life and try to set it in harmony multiplied fifty fold, will bring about the longwith the teachings of Christ. During the year folsought-for peace on earth. May the spirit of peace

lowing we sometimes forget our avowed intentions soon extend from Christmas season to Christmas of trying to live to these ideals or we become season. A. L. Z., Jr.

it M.IA Theme *'fom?mM% sabbatlj fcag, tn top MB-"194849

Exodus 20:8

808 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

In the midst of the Nauvoo tribulations of the

CXXLX What \J\Jere the J>cowrce$ oi Church, James Arlington Bennett proposed himself to be the Prophet's righthand man, and to /Joseph Smiths Ljkrealnetel? give the necessary help in those strenuous days.

Courteously, the offer was declined, and in ringing {"Ireatness is a product of many causes. It is like words, like blows upon an anvil, he declared his

the mighty flowing river, fed and made poscertain dependence upon truth sible rivulets. thousands of mountain by Even

so, with Smith. Joseph from The reflection in- I copeI combatwith theillegalerrorproceedingsof ages; I frommeet executivethe violenceauthority;of mobs;I

numerable facets of his character make up the cut the gordian knot of powers, and I solve mathematical picture his greatness. of of universities, problems he That was great, with truth—diamond truth; and God

hand man."1 is my "right against earlier measured his and days, the men of

has become the verdict of the passing years in the The possession of truth made him fearless, with mouths of all honest students of the Prophet's life. a lionlike courage. When the people of Palmyra,

Four of the qualities that made him great, huand vicinity, during the printing of the Book of man but never wavering, appear in his every act. Mormon, held a mass meeting and passed a resoluThey are, as it were, the cornerstones of his chartion against his venture, his only reply was to

5 acter: 1. He had unchanging faith and trust in guard the manuscript of the book more carefully.

God. 2. He was in love with truth. 3. He was There was no disloyalty to truth, no retreat

humble. 4. He loved his fellow men. These qualifrom it. He could not exchange truth for popular

ties always lead to real greatness. Without them approval. So, he not only published the Book of

there is no true greatness. Mormon, but also organized a Church that chalDoubt did not belong to Joseph Smith's nature. lenged the popular errors and superstitions of the

His faith in God, his existence, reality, and relacenturies.

tionship to man was superb. He took God at his Facing the terrors of Nauvoo, he wrote to the

word, as in the First Vision; and throughout life commander of the Legion: "Let every man's brow

he took counsel with the Almighty, and did not be as the face of a lion; let his breast be as un-

6 try to act alone upon his own judgment. The shaken as the mighty oak."

striving of his life was to grow towards God's To remove untruth from its pedestal is an unlikeness. honored task. The Prophet and his companions,

"If you wish to go where God is, you must be during the Missouri persecutions, were sentenced like God, or possess the principles which God posto be shot. Joseph inquired why they were "thus

sesses, for if we are not drawing towards God in treated"; and added that he "was not aware of

principle, are going we from him and drawing having done anything worthy of such treatment."

... devil. towards the General Wilson's answer echoed the eternal hate

like "Search your hearts, see if are and you God.

it, that is the and 7 feel all I have searched to of repent mine, and killed."have you my reasonof untruthwhy forI wanttruth:to kill"I you,knowor

sins. Such hate punctuated the life of the Prophet; but

Truth was the beginning of his search and the all the while truth nestled in his bosom, and gave end of his inmost desire. It was the measuring him courage.

stick of his conduct and teaching. His story really Joseph Smith, the Prophet, was a humble man.

begins with his petition for truth, which led to the He recognized that he was only an instrument in first vision. The concluding, sober paragraph of God's hands. He took no glory to himself. In a

that recital, is the foundation of his life's achievemeeting with Saints who had just arrived in Nauments: voo he spoke noble words:

I satisfied ray got far had mind so sectarian as the now

I I told but they them man, not and was a must expect it world that concerned; not join was to duty with was my if perfect; to I they be expected perfection me me, from

of to until but them, any continue as directed. further I was

it should them; expect but from bear if they with would

the found I had testimony true, of to that a be James man infirmities infirmities I the of the and brethren, my would of lacked might wisdom ask obtain, who God, and not and infirmities.8 likewise their with bear 2 upbraided. be

A jubilant note is sounded in his reply upon his On one occasion he characterized himself:

return from the divine interview, to his mother's I am like a huge, rough stone rolling down from a high solicitous concern: mountain; and the only polishing I get is when some corner

gets rubbed off by coming in contact with something else, accelerated with religious force against bigotry, all is off. mind, Never... I have striking I am well enough well—

3 for that learned true. myself Presbyterianism is not History (Continued Church. 6:78 of the on page 824)

SIbid., 1:76

History of the Church, 4:588 Hhid.. 5:94

Hbid., 1:8 Hbid., 3:190191

3Idem 6 Hbid., 5:181

DECEMBER 1948 809 U)int&L CHRISTMAS GOES MODERN

STUDY a scant quarter of a century fied with a festival too good and too

Justafter the Pilgrims landed on the complete to be changed again.

shores of Massachusetts, the Anyway, the celebration has beat ipWv English Puritans held a solemn come one of those heartwarming conclave, decided that the merry jamborees for the family and all its festival of Christmas was sinful, and friends from far and near. The spirChurch by act of Parliament forbade everyit of good will that makes it so joyUniversity oneLord'sto birthcelebrateand thethebeginningsday of theof oustimeincubatesbefore itlikehatchesa chickoutfor ina longthe

good will on earth, except by fastflurry and delighted laughter and

Brings Splendid ing,the wickednessprayer, andof meditationhumanity. upon gailysquealswrappedof satisfactiongifts arewhenpouncedthe

Opportunities For The Puritans, of course, had a upon, ribbons and tissue and decorareason for tive labelsIntellectual Growth their action. strew the

and Character For centuries floor, and the before Chrisliving room;

Development tianity had looks like the been heard of, shipping dethe Angli celpartment of a

Registration For All Students ebrated the big store late

January 3 and 4 advent of on Christmastheir Eve. Kneenew Class Instruction Begins year De- d on i n e e p

January 5 cember 25. scraps!

for further information, write They called

THE REGISTRAR itnight,""mothers'as the 0'thereCOURSEis "father o f the tree, with English learning,"the seventhits highly colored glass ornacentury monk generally known as ments, its Santas and angels, reinthe Venerable Bede, tells us. But deer and scotties, dolls, and tinsel BRIGHAM YOUNG who the "mothers"were and what ropes and electric lights. Thank

UNIVERSITY the ceremonies were that made the goodness and the American urge for festival so important, we do not change, the old, dangerous, waxProvo, Utah know. Tradition has it that the dripping candles that always threatDruids were masters of the observened to set tree and house on fire,.

ances, and that all their festivities are as obsolete as last winter's and rituals were intimately consnow. But there is still room for

nected with nature. change. There probably always will

X ferentThe inAmericanmost respectsChristmas,from theso difcel- be.heardOneof noveltygraced averyrecentfew Christmashave ever

flft/f parativelyebration in recentother lands,invention—newis a comnessfor methatwithshoweda humorhowandaa quarter'smodern534 So. Main country, new people, new observworth of colored chalk or wax

Salt Lake City, Utah ances; and all subject to constant crayons, a bit of ingenuity, and the

FOR: change. Since we have no such good old American love of poking

BANQUETS PRIVATE PARTIES deeply rooted traditions as older fun at everybody can breathe a

EXCLUSIVE DINING EXCELLENT SERVICE nations cherish, we shall probably completely new spirit into the YuleCATERING SERVICE BOX LUNCHES go on changing Christmas, as we tide festivities, and bring admiring

REX McKEAN, Manager & Operator change everything else, and never children in from the entire neighborPHONE 3-1708 be quite sure we are entirely satishood to see this strange addition to 810 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the festival they thought they knew all about. Wherever it has been

tried, it has been a literal howling voiavoia ccwiecowe back, success. In fact, the more ridicuuWen

lous it is the better, and the more itmoves to spontaneous laughter. be sure mat bags full of

It is so simple to work this minor ff wonder it is astonishing nobodyseems to have thought of it until a FELSNAPTHA SOAP year or two ago, when a schoolteacher in Maryland, by no means,..

overpaid, but eager to make Christmas in the home where she boarded a triumphant occasion, did some thinking. Next thing anyone knew,

all the heavy kraftpaper bags in which the family groceries came home, vanished. The teacher was

seen to have curious colored stains on her fingers as she dashed in to meals, and immediately afterwards secluded herself in her room. The

whole family wondered also why she was observed so often studying the looks of the various members, and why, once, there was paste on one of her eyebrows.

At last the tree was brought in, set up, decorated carefully, and the mantel was covered with pine and holly. Timidly the teacher suggested that the tree was so beautiful

she thought it would really be a good idea if the gifts were placed in piles before the fireplace instead of under the tree. The usual arguments followed; in the end the gifts

were neatly piled before the fireplace instead of under the tree.

Next morning, there being no "own"children in the household, nobody got up early, but when the first riser came down hunting breakfast, and glanced into the living room with a sort of bored tolerance for childish foolishness, there was the surprise. And what a surprise!

Behind each mound of gifts stood a paper caricature of the recipient about three feet high, highly colored, absurd as only such amateur creations could be. The effect was

astonishing. Before the beholder

could shout with laughter, the front door opened, and the sixyear-old from the next house burst in with a joyous whoop. He had come to wish

"Granny"and everybody else a Merry Christmas and to display his gifts. Halfway across the room he

saw the figures. He stopped short.

His eyes bulged; his little fat hands

THE GOLDEN BAR WITH THE CLEAN NAPTHA ODOR -sasSiSyell—andclenched tight.another—andThen he letanother!out a

(Concluded on page 819) DECEMBER 1948 811 Josephine B. Nichols

"LJere's to a joyous holiday week with its homey foods, spiced with oldtime flavors, lovingly prepared and served with oldfashioned hospitality.

Glazed Baked Ham Paste for Glazed Baked Ham

Yi cup granulated sugar 2 teaspoons dry mustard Yi teaspoon cinnamon 34 cup vinegar or unsweetened pineapple juice whole cloves

Combine all ingredients into paste except cloves.

Place whole or half ham, fat side up, on rack in large shallow pan. Cover with

paste. Stud with whole cloves one and onefourth inches apart. Bake in slow oven

(300) allowing fifteen to twenty minutes to the pound for large hams, twentyfive to thirty minutes per pound for small hams.

Garnish with pickled watermelon and broiled peach halves, fill cavity with currant jelly. Serve with candied sweet

potatoes and broccoli with cheese sauce.

Salad Christmas

SlicesCo(mt toai?zce j*t Jfie 4cut Cranberry Stars on Pineapple

Be glad that today, while you watch each whole milk, that enables him to build Arrange lettuce leaves on salad plates, thrilling new sign of growth in your straight, strong bones, sound teeth, and put a pineapple slice on each leaf. Spread

baby, you can also help to make his to make the best of growth. Sego Milk top of pineapple with cottage cheese dressplace in tomorrow's world a favored contains pure crystalline vitamin D3 in ing: made by beating onehalf cup saladone. Favored?—yes, by the vigorous the full amount that doctors agree dressing into one cup fresh cottage cheese.

health that comes from a body grown babies'milk should contain. Cut stars from canned cranberry slices,

straight and strong and sound. One way place on top of cheese mixture. Top with

you can help is to be sure that he gets When your doctor recommends evahalf walnuts.

the right kind of milk—the chief item porated milk for your baby, be sure youof his food. get Sego Milk—the original evaporated French Bread

in the milk intermountain west—forti- 2 water cups lukewarm fied with vitamin crystalline D in pure is Sego Milk a favored of Why form 1 salt tablespoon form. babies?milk for Because your baby 1 dissolved cake yeast in Y* CUP lukesafe, easily digestedneeds that promilk water warm

vides the substances food help which build a welldevelopedhim to body. This seal certifies that all statements 6Y cups enriched flour

here about Sego been Milk have made is that It is alSego of Milk milk. kind salt, diswater, Place and lukewarm true as accepted the Council by on easy digest, toways always uniformly in Stir large in yeast bowl. solved mixing of Foods the Nutrition and American

allrich in the substances food of whole Association. Medical flour, wellfloured turn board. out on

its safe as in sealedmilk and container in flour as as dough, work much Knead ifas there disease were in of no germ will up. take should dough be Dough world.the elastic. until firm with kneaded and Cover seal certifies This that the Wisconsin

Alumni Research Foundation makes damp cloth. Let rise in warm place until

tests periodic to determine that Sego then, vitaextra your baby needs And diluted Milk with an equal amount D. It's an adequate quantitymin of doubleagain. Dividein bulk;intopunchfour down,parts, pulland andlet riseroll of gives this water always units of you 400 Vitamin

vitamin, combined with the minerals of D per quart. each ball of dough in a long, narrow loaf.

Place loaves on greased or floured pans or cooky sheet, gash tops of loaves diagonally every two inches, oneeighth inch deep.

Free tO Mothers! This handy book that makes it Brush top with white of egg, blended with

easier to care for and train your baby. Dozens of the a tablespoon of water. Cover, let rise until

most important questions about the care and training doubled in size. Bake in moderately hot

of your baby are answered in this 64page illustrated oven (375) forty to fortyfive minutes.

book. Approved by a wellknown doctor. Praised Again glaze with egg. Cool.

enthusiastically by mothers all over the west. Send

for your free copy of this helpful book today. Little Plum Puddings

Address Sego Milk Co,. Dept. E-6, Salt Lake City, Utah

Yl cup finely chopped suet SEGO MILK PRODUCTS CO. Y2 cup dark corn syrup

of Originator Evaporated Milk in the Intermountain West milk sour Yi cup Plants in Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho flour cups 134

812 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Y teaspoon cinnamon Yi teaspoon soda Yz cup raisins J/2 cup currants chopped cherries cup y2 citron cup J4 Combine suet, syrup, and milk. Add

sifted dry ingredients, mixed with fruit.

Mix thoroughly. Fill well greased tiny

sized cans or custard cups twothirds full.

Cover. Steam three hours. Serve with

lemon or hard sauce stars. Serves twelve.

Hard Sauce Stars

Cream one cup margarine with one teaspoon vanilla and four cups confectioners'sugar. Spread onehalf inch layer in shallow waxedpaper lined pan. Chill firm.

Lift out the layer of hard sauce. Dip the

star cutter in a bowl of hot water before stamping out each star. Center these twinklers with red cinnamon candies, or little red

candles, light just before serving.

Nuts—Spiced and Sugared

1 cup sugar 5 tablespoons water 1 tablespoon cinnamon 1 teaspoon vanilla 2 cups walnut or pecan halves

Bring to a boil the sugar, water, cinnamon, and vanilla. Add nuts, let boil one

minute. Remove from heat; pour into

greased pan. When cold, separate nuts.

Coconut Macaroons

\Y cups (1 can) sweetened condensed Spiralrail rims enable engine milk at the set rear wheels power to shredded coconut 1 pound |ackwithout spacing, desired 1 vanilla teaspoon ng up tractor. Now it's a quick,

effortless switch to proper sweetened condensed milk cocoMix and treads, mowing and nut. vanilla. spoonfuls by on Drop Add to widely narrow also from

sheet, greased baking inch apart. about one

cultivation. rowcrop spaced eel plowing in (350 fifteen F.)Bake moderate oven *l*

until or delicate minutes brown. Remove

from pan at once. Makes sixty.

Far more than just a new tractor, the AllisChalmers Model Surprise Popcorn Balls WD is the power plant for a full line of new Hydraulic imple- 5 quarts popped corn ments... all carefully matched, all quickhitch.

2 cups sugar white cup corn syrup Yi Power brings you CLUTCH Model The new a TWO WD cup water Yk tractor motion without start stop or can System. Control You 1 vanilla teaspoon

Y teaspoon salt interrupting power takeoff or hydraulic system.

Mix sugar and water and stir until Seventeen major new features include: new, lightpressure

sugar is dissolved. Add syrup and salt. foot brakes hydraulic shockabsorber seat... easier steerball stage; to hard add flavoring,Cook and ing... new lowpitch muffler... ASAE swinging drawbar. coloring if desired. over popped Pour

corn and mix. small popcorn around Mold It's original! It's quality built! It's AllisChalmers. surprises, such drop, small whistle, as gum

thimble, toy airplane, pencil sharpener, or any small item. 5-Way HYDRAULIC Control

Coconut Balls A single touchcontrol lever at the steering wheel easily

butter cup or margarine Y (l) lifts and lowers, (2) holds position, (3) regulates depth, sifted confectioners'cups 4 sugar (4) controls draft of implements, (5rdelaylifts"rear tool bar.

or light top milk cream Y1 cupcup fresh shredded coconut

Melt butter. Add sifted sugar alternately with milk and vanilla. Stir well. Sprinkle bread board with small amount of

confectioners'sugar. Turn fondant out on ALUSCHALMERS until board.sugared smooth Knead and TRACTOR DIVISION - MILWAUKEE 1, U.S.A.

in balls small in glossy. Form and roll

coconut. (Makes about 2 dozen balls.)

DECEMBER 1948 813 Priesthood and Temple Ordinance WorkHT'here are usually many worthy quolelcWzc rum members who seldom, if ever, go to the temple. During the winter Avoid Controversial Subjects

months a project to encourage members to do temple work could very con- 'T'here is a tendency among members It should be kept in mind by all class sistently be launched by the quorum of the Church to bring up quesleaders that the four standard works activity and Church service committee. tions in classes that are of a highly of the Church are the basis of our

Perhaps no service in the Church controversial nature, and sometimes this theology. A careful examination of the

more effectively promotes spirituality leads to heated discussions that accomteachings of our modern day prophets, and devotion to gospel requirements plish nothing and sometimes foster ill when all factors are understood, reveal than the ordinance work performed in will. Occasionally members become so the marvelous unity of thought and

the house of the Lord. Participants are firmly imbedded in certain unimportant doctrine and show their complete harreminded of the solemn obligations matters that their vision of the gospel is mony with the revealed word of the

resting upon them and of the sacred seriously curtailed. The basic prinLord as embodied in the four standcovenants which they have made as ciples and the divinity of this work are ard works. This is a Church based

members of the Church. sometimes dwarfed in the minds of upon continuous revelation with living

It would be well for each quorum to people and irrelevant issues assume prophets who speak as the Lord's commence such a project without demajor proportions of importance. mouthpiece upon the earth. To belittle

lay. The stake Melchizedek Priesthood or disregard the flood of light given to

committee should lend every encourChurch members upon Church docagement. This is especially true in the Inasmuch as the Prophet Joseph trine and practice through the living

areas where temples are located. Such Smith stressed that "seeking after our oracles of God would be, in a sense, a

an effort would most certainly exert an dead is our greatest responsibility,"this repudiation of the divine principle of influence for good on many who may vitally important phase of priesthood continuous revelation and relegate this have become somewhat indifferent to activity should be given every encourChurch to a condition which has prepriesthood responsibilities. Interest in agement and impetus. Greater devovailed among Christendom in general

genealogical work would result in tion to the teachings of the Master will—where all that has been deemed necmany cases through the temple ordisurely result, and with increased devoessary has been revealed in the past

nance work. The genealogical comtion, the priesthood will become more and is contained in the bound volumes

mittees in the stakes and wards would effective in promoting the work reof scripture.

welcome an opportunity to cooperate quired at the hands of those living in When ideas and thinking are not in with the quorums in such a priesthood the Dispensation of the Fulness of accord with the standard works of the endeavor. Times. Church, we may be assured that these

Confidential Annual Reports ["ess than thirty days remain to comWhen making this survey, avoid re31, so they may be placed in the hands plete the personal interviews of cording any information, except in this of the stake presidency for compilation.

quorum members required by the Conreport, which will identify any member The compiled report is to be submitted fidential Annual Report. These interwith the answers made. This is a conto the general priesthood committee by

views are to be made by members of fidential report and the statements of January 15, 1949.

the presidency of each quorum of high members should be held in the strictest The responsibility for obtaining the priests, seventy, and elders. Neither confidence. The practice of sending report from each quorum rests with the

quorum secretaries nor group leaders questionnaires in any form to obtain stake Melchizedek Priesthood commitare to be asked to assist quorum presithis information is not approved. tee, whose duty it is to obtain and audit

dencies in conducting these interviews. The information gained through reports, enter them on the stake sumSo, unless the majority of interviews these reports is invaluable. Recently mary and mail the stake summary to

have been completed—as suggested stake presidencies were furnished with the general priesthood committee as

frequently throughout the year—the recomparative charts covering a threesoon as possible after December 31,

maining time will barely be sufficient year period based on the information and before January 15. We urge these

for most quorums, even if every availcontained in these reports. The trends committees to begin early in checking

able evening is used. shown were quite revealing and in with quorums to insure their prompt

It is requested that quorum presimany cases quite unexpected. Some completion of reports.

dents and counselors go individually stakes showed steady improvement Just one further word of caution. It

when interviewing quorum members, while some showed rather glaring defiis not the duty or responsibility of the not as a presidency. Confidential matciencies. Without the information quorum secretary to make out these reters may be more freely discussed when from these annual reports many of ports. That responsibility rests with

only one quorum officer and a member these conditions would have continued the quorum presidency, and care should it in exercised seeing to that this unnoticed. are be When true situations present. should be exercisedare Care

is responsibility the not placed upon they favorto the known embarrassmentto avoid any and understood—be secretary careless indifferent a or bymember. The interview should not be able or unfavorable—definite steps may quorum presidency. It is essential that

conducted while he is in the presence be taken for continued improvement or the stake Melchizedek Priesthood comof the members of his family. There is rectifying undesirable conditions. mittee follow through on this matter

no need to ask questions the answers to All confidential annual reports should carefully to insure the maximum acwhich are already known to you. be completed not later than December curacy and promptness.

814 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

tion. When that time comes, something will

have to be done.

Would it not be better to make use of constructive measures now?

Remember the fundamentals:

1. The consumption of liquor is in proportion to the facilities for the manufacture,

alcoholic of promotion and OF THE distribution, COUNCIL OF THE COMMITTEE PRIESTHOOD BY GENERALCONDUCTED THE beverages. G. ROMNEY, B. MARION BENSON, LEE, EZRA TAFT CHAIRMAN; HAROLDTWELVE of the arising out problems of 2. the All LEVI EDGAR E. YOUNG, E. SONNE, CLIFFORD YOUNG, KAY, ALMA THOMAS MC proporin direct liquor are of consumption

S. L. A. DILWORTH IVINS, R. KIRKHAM, EVANS, OSCAR RICHARD ANTOINE consumed. the tion to amount

R. R. CONKIE BRUCE HUNTER, MC MILTON YOUNG,

In the meantime efforts are being are entirely in the realm of speculation open the door to service in God's kingmade under the leadership of the Naand personal interpretation. But all dom. Men grow through such service. tional Committee on Alcoholism in cotruth uttered by our living prophets as They come to appreciate the spirit and operation with other agencies to create

they are moved upon by the Holy power of the priesthood which they widespread sympathy for the alcoholic

Ghost is profitable and enlightening as hold. and to get agencies set up to take care

well as binding upon the children of Although the Lord has admonished of him while he is in process of recovmen. Such utterances will be found to that: ery. (Alcoholics Anonymous, a private

be fully in accord with all that has agency that functions without any exbeen previously revealed.... men should be anxiously engaged in pense to the alcoholic or the public, has

Class instructors must ever be alert a good cause, and do many things of their a remarkable record of "cures"of to differentiating between definitely own free will, and bring to pass much more than eighty percent.) Alcoholism,

revealed truths and opinions and therighteousness, (D. & C. 58:27) it is declared, is a grave public health

disease is a for alcoholism problem; the standories. acquaintance with An the which good not obviate this does atpublic should therefore and is essential of the Churchard works alert quoan by be accomplished to may other as tention do receivediseases—tuberteaching. factualeffective and to willing anxious and presidency rum etc. cancer, culosis,

promote ways and means of increasing In all these efforts and propaganda the potential Church service rendered the distillers are seemingly in hearty

Jobs for All by quorum members. accord. Drunkenness gives a "black

Priesthood quorums may perform eye"to their business. But as this

an invaluable service. One of their column has said before, the disease of

of keeping is that an upto-functions to NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO alcoholismtypes of diseasesdiffers essentiallyin that fromeverybodyother pertaining all members list ondate their qualifications for rendering COLUMN knows a certain, positive preventive

Church service. Every member in the Conducted by never take a first drink. What would

quorums should be given an opportuniDr. Joseph F. Merrill we, including the doctors and specialty in one way or another to participate ists, not give for such an easy, inexYes, cancer! of preventive pensive service.in Church Expenditures its Move Up Whiskey but nothing; costs abstinence total are presidencies Quorum (August to the Clipsheet TV ccording us it delivers great, for is very value presidencies bishoprics and stakekeep

the arises from 2, 1948) that danger from every urged to possessed the qualifications ofinformed beverages. alcoholic of drinking How should members. They their quorumby

.. has the of Treasury the Department of if it drinking be would wonderful activities in and promoting energeticbe for expenditures that information released nonexistent. And were these beverages arassociates, their forresponsibilities the income than risen more have whiskey

it are is so us of that sad many how cereto perform for themranging 1939. since level

"first the risk of the to run as foolish after in left to consumers teaching, engage every $100monies, ward do Of stake missionary work, or assist in the taxes, $3.50 was spent on whiskey in 1946, glass."

of that one about Statistics show in 1939. with $2.20 compared for opportunitiesauxiliaries. The

drink, to begins sixteen every who all beverages alcoholic for Expenditures yet are unlimited, the in Churchservice is alcoholic. This alltime an becoming ends by $9,600,000,000—an 1946, topped to in little effort often is madeall too

even percent. But high high. a mortality—six activities responsibilities andprovide

is bill liquor the size of result, enormous not many if does The alcoholism brethren. Inasmuch capablefor many profact of thing. significant The the It not is ills us. reported befall other may rethe with are chargedas quorums expenditures is that these significance found finds Council Safety National that the insuch assembling ofsponsibility up. up, up, going are fatal highway one approximately that

effort be should madeformation, every inon expenditures years, For many drinking is in four caused by accident use. Activity it practical drunkenincreasing; toto put been have toxicants

felthe alcoholic, but the by by—not has is addiction essential increasing; been growth. has Growth nesspromotes or drink only "a taken has low who crime has drinkcaused increasing; progress. been vitality and continuedto

authority, Dr. The eminent evil consetwo."All of the increasing. been meetto speak in opportunity An that: wrote increased, Haven Emerson, liquor have of drinking quences proappear onings to otherwise or

is prospect every there increasing, and indifferent and are revive will oftengrams... is and salesman best the alcohol increase under to will continue that they alert quoruminactive members. esAn is and constant a and procurer known inof government. The policies present

to stimulate position is in a promotion for thepresidency in trade sential stock greatnever trade liquor the was of fluence interest in doing something in the er in political affairs in the federal, state, of prostitution.

wide field of Church service. Men with and local areas.

special gifts and talents should be recWhen will this drunkard's progress be As is well known, alcohol drinking is crimes.ognized and encouraged to assume checked—and how? At the present rate associated with most

some responsibility. Activity will creof increase, it will, in the comparatively Yet notwithstanding the fact that the

ate love and good fellowship and will near future, present an intolerable situa- (Concluded on page 832)

DECEMBER 1948.

Phoenix, Maricopa, Mesa Stakes

WARD YOUTH LEADERSHIP REPORTING A TRISTAKE WARD TEACHING CONVENTION OUTLINE OF STUDY 'T'he Phoenix Stake presidency were vin Johnson. JANUARY 1949 determined to do something to Address—"What Ward Teaching

stimulate ward teaching. They counMeans to the Stake and Ward": DelTt is suggested that the lesson

seled with their stake committee and bert L. Stapley, president of the Phoeperiod of the Ward Youth

decided upon a ward teaching convennix Stake. Leadership meeting for January

tion. Demonstration of Ward Teaching: be devoted to a careful analysis

President R. Melvin Johnson of the Arthur Scherman and Eugene Kregg, of the changes in the award prostake presidency and Dix Price of the ward teachers: the Rockford Riggs grams for the Aaronic Priesthood

high council headed the stake commitfamily of eight members. and for the L.D.S. girls beginning

tee responsible for the program. MariPanel discussion—Ward Teaching January 1, 1949. This provides a

copa and Mesa stakes were invited to Problems—( questions from the floor ) splendid opportunity for bishopmake the project a tristake convenPanel members: Dix Price, moderator; rics to acquaint their youth leadtion. Lee A. Palmer, representing the Presiders with the new requirements at

A special meeting was held on Sating Bishopric; President R. Melvin the very beginning of the year's

urday night, October 30, and seventy Johnson, Phoenix Stake presidency; work.

members of the stake and ward comPresident L. Harold Wright, Maricopa The changes in the award remittees assembled to be instructed in Stake; President Lucian M. Mecham, quirements for the Aaronic

the administration of the program. DurMesa Stake; Bishop George F. Price, Priesthood were published in

ing this meeting, a wardteaching sloPhoenix Second Ward. The Improvement Era for Nogan developed which was used Convention address: Elder Lee A. vember and in the Church News

throughout the convention and which Palmer. for November 3.

Church—"Moremay well be emphasizedteaching,throughoutless visitthe attendanceThe expressedwas strongfeelingevidenceof thosethatin awardsThe forchangesL.D.S. affectinggirls are pubthe

ing."the convention had placed before them lished in the current issue of The

Sunday afternoon, 425 ward teachthe high ideals and standards of ward Improvement Era and were ers from both the Melchizedek and teaching in such a convincing manner published in the Church News

Aaronic Priesthoods of the three as to send them forth as teachers with for November 10.

stakes, gathered for the convention. a genuine appreciation of the sacred

Highlights of the program were: and farreaching responsibilities of

Keynote remarks: President R. Meltheir high callings.

Aaronic Priesthood

Bishops a boys'chorus must have not fewer than fifteen or twenty singers. This Preparations for 1949

How Many Make a Chorus isespeciallyan erroneoussmallidea,wards,and ifwerethe wards,to be Tn vemberThe Improvement1948, and inErathe forChurchNo- 'XTU'ebster's Dictionary describes a governed by it, many boys would be News for November 3, 1948, we pubchorus as being a number of deprived of the opportunity of being lished the changes in the requirements persons singing together. An exact trained to sing together. of Standard Quorum Award and in the

number is not given. It would appear, It would seem that the plea that Individual Certificate of Award which

therefore, that two or more persons "there are not sufficient boys in the are to become effective January 1, singing together could be classified as ward to make a chorus"is a misstate1949.

a chorus. In the accepted interpretament, made probably because of lack We urge immediate study of the intion of "chorus"we understand it to of understanding as to the number formation referred to. Stake commitbe five or more persons. necessary for chorus organization and tees should make these changes the

Some of our Aaronic Priesthood an underestimate of the singing ability subject for consideration during the chorus directors lean to the idea that of one or more boys. December meeting with ward leaders.

A CHALLENGING

RECORD Eightytwo percent of the fiftytwo L.D.S. girls in the

Wellsville First Ward, Hyrum Stake, qualified for the

Individual Certificate of Award for 1947. Each of

the three age groups qualified for the Standard Group

Award.

(edited bu cU.ee Xr. fait,mer

L.D.S. Girls New Aaronic Priesthood

CHANGES IN AWARD REQUIREMENTS FOR 1949 Handbook

Presiding Bishop LeGrand Richards ments of the Individual Certificate of A revised edition of the Aaronic announced, before the bishops of Award. Priesthood Handbook is now availthe Church October 1, 1948, the reIt should be noted, however, that able at the Presiding Bishop's Office.

quirements for the Standard Group graduation from Primary will be acThe new handbook contains all of the

Award for Latterday Saint girls to cepted in lieu of the requirements of changes in the program to become efbecome effective January 1, 1949. The the individual award up to the time of fective January 1, 1949.

are Requirements be torequirements are as follows: graduation. Stake and ward Aaronic Priesthood the time rata basis from met on a pro

the each should leaders have a copy of to year. the the of of graduation end theRequirements for edition. new Prinot Girls graduate from do whoStandard Group Award that the present handPlease note eligible for Indithe will not be mary

1. Have an average attendance recvidual Certificate of Award except on book now in use remains as your guide

ord at sacrament meeting of thirtyfive the basis of a twelvemonths'record. for the remainder of 1948.

percent or more during the year. The above changes do not apply to As in the past, the new handbook is

2. Have an average attendance recthe current year 1948. furnished without charge.

ord at Sunday School of fifty percent or more during the year.

rec- 3. attendance an average Have or A CHALLENGING QUORUM SERVICE PROJECT fifty percent of at Y.W.M.I.A.ord

more during the year, excluding the

Girls program. summer of themonths M-'lgmmmi

beof age years twelve becomewho tween January 1 and August 31 are not eligible to enter M.I.A. until the

September following their birthdate.

During that period, their failing to attend shall not be counted against the group record in M.I.A. activities.

4. Have eightyfive percent or more

members observe the Word of Wisdom.

5. Have fifty percent or more members participate in a Church welfare

project. 6. Have fifty percent or more members achieve an Individual Certificate

of Award.

Please note that the requirements changed are as follows.

Requirement number one raises the minimum required attendance at sacrament meeting from twentyfive percent to thirtyfive percent. FOURTH WARD TEACHERS'QUORUM, MARICOPA STAKE, TO RAISE $1000 FOR WARD BUILDING FUND

Requirement number four in the old program has been eliminated since re- "Dleven members of the teachers'quoand hay. The crop was irrigated by the

quirement number. six in the new prorum, Fourth Ward, Maricopa boys—even to crawling out of bed at

gram takes care of the tithing requireStake, have undertaken to raise $1000 all hours of the night to take the water.

ment. in cash as their quorum's contribution The hay was harvested before and

Requirement number six makes it to the ward building fund, or nearly after school.

necessary that fifty percent or more $100 for each quorum member. Here As of August, the calves had grown

members of the group qualify for the is their plan as they have worked it out to a cash value of $800—their value

Individual Certificate of Award. under the direction of their quorum adof $1000 within easy reach.

It should be especially noted that, viser, Lehi Palmer, with the approval In addition to their quorum adviser, beginning January 1, 1949, there are to of the bishopric. the boys have the backing and leaderbe no deductions for those living away The quorum purchased nine calves ship of Paul Wade, first counselor to

from home for any reason regardless for fortyfive dollars last spring. The Bishop Frederick G. Johnson.

of the duration of absence. All records bishopric turned over to the boys three Our admiration and our congratulaand percentages are to be based on acres of wardowned ground which tions are extended to these fine young

total enrolment. they immediately prepared and planted men and their leaders in this worthy

There are no changes in the requireto barley and oats for green pasture example of thrift, unity, and devotion.

DECEMBER 1948 817 MISSIONARIES ENTERING THE MISSIONARY HOME

SEPTEMBER 73, AND DEPARTING SEPTEMBER 22, 1948 Reading from left to right, first row: RobertW. Laird, Con Borgholthaus, Wendell Glen Waite, September Missionaries

Norman Edgar Wright, Douglas F. Day, Robert T.

Divett, E. Franklin Heiser, Lee G. Ashby, Richard Jr., Charles T. Mills, Paul H. Tingey, Kent E. Bunker, Roland J. Rhees, Milton R. Sherwood, Vance

E. Unander, John E. Mackay, Melyin K. Stephens, Lee Reed Beckstead. Whipple, Robert E. Brock, Leonard K. Waite, Robert

Ralph J. Lovell, Paul Freestone Warner, Francis Sixth row: Lorenzo Fay Findley, Ruby Shippen, Joseph Southwick, Sidney S. Gilbert, Howard G.

L. Anderson. Helena Delia Mc Murray, Gwen Watson, Helen Hall, James R. Dixon, Don J. Smith.

Second row: Alma P. Clark, Lucy G. Bloomfield, Nelson, Beverly Bell, Elwood Holt Bowler, Nolan Tenth row: Reginald L. Call, Arlin R. Hansen,

George R. Bloomfield, Marlowe T. Denham, Dwayne Kay Packham, Gordon Condie, David Gledhill, Mabel Clarence L. Sirrine, Charles Arnold Baker, Jean H.

S. Curtis, Gilbert, Waite, Ann Porter, JennieB. Adria R. Rulon Brimhall, Breitling, H. Cook, Rhton, G. G. Clayton, Eugene Harold Herman James W.

T. Blazzard, Elner Btunk, Ross C.Ruth T. Pyper, Blank, Hall, Martha Arthur Jean Henry Marie Clarence Done, A. P. Olaf Waugh, Rex Wright, Owen

Miller, Carol S. Gleave, Harriet Brewer, Dorothy Sherman B. Sheffield, William D. Crawford, Ken Leon Ashby, Don Gundry, J. Keith Grow.

Jane Christofferson, Yvonne B. Griffin, Lorraine Newman. Eleventh row: John A. Shelton, William A.

Nichols. Seventh row: Leland Weaver, Lynn F. Cooper, Richardson, James L. Barber, Harold W. Lee, Paul

Third row: Lavinia C. Clark, Alaire Lewis, Anna A. Georae Pollard, Richard G. Hiatt, Dan E. Nelson, A. Trotter, John D. Wall, Hardy Bean, Brice L.

Johnson, Dona Faye Clark, Alelia Rasmussen, Jessop Clair Theurer, Melvin E. Mecham, T. Lynn Milne, Sherwin H. Baer, Elmer George, Karl C.

Muriel Davies, Virginia Hawkes, Grant R. Knowlden Stewart, Deng/7 S. Stewart, Boyd C. Rollins, Gerald Boss, Vernon Christensen, Melvin M. Fillerup, Oscar

George R. Atkinson, Sterling J. Waite, L. Dale Neff, L. Hess, Richard L. Dalley, Karl S. Farnsworth, Monroe Seamons, Ivan E. Cornia, J. E. Goodman, Jr.

Sydney C. James, Clyde Olsen, Ralph D. Barney, Le Gene B. Hutchings, Russel F. Hunt, Todd C. Twelfth row: Paul Crandall, Orlin D. Allen, Dal

Joseph Moody, Harold Fewkes, Fred T. Pace. Cummings, Richard Goddard, Warren Spencer, Wells, Nathan R. Plumb, Donald R. Kirkham, Barlow

George R. F. Runyan. Christensen, Josie, Hubert Sylvia Cook, Darrel H. Valeen C. Brown, Brown, Jane row: Fourth

Victor L. Charles Joseph Hafen, Jr., Glen R. Baker, W. Elliott, R. Averett, row: Harry Eighth Geraldine Paxton, Stokes, MarL. Orpha Moss,

Jean A. Ballif, Maxine Lamprecht, Josephine Howard E. Hollingsworth, Nephi M. Nielsen, William Ashcroft, James N. Corn's, George Alton James, Don

Jay Pocock. Fife, J. Winter, Donald Lewis A. Hardy, Harold Mack MitchellPerkins, Hunt, Afton W. Hunt, W.

Andersen, Vincent Brooks, Erastus Alex Thirteenth Wheelright, Allan M. Roland row: Carl Miller, Ivin Morris, JamesCrawley, Vay B.

Ellis Olsen, Jeppesen, C. Bishop, David George Pederson, Ross G. David Keith A. R. J.DumayneMares, Wood, Allen Halverson, James C.W. Thorstensen,

P. Lyons, Park, Albert Lowell E. Draper, Gilson, Lloyd K. Wakefield, Eugene Thomas Henry WayneRobertson.

Fifth row: Geraldine Clark, Mary Lou Brinkerhoff, Christensen, Harold W. Westover, Cyril Reed Lunk, Kederick Heywood, Harold A. Daw, Wayne Chandler,

Beulah L. Widsteen, Leah R. Plewe, Norma Jean Jr., Virgil Leavitt. L. Robert Anderson, Lowell G. Tensmeyer, Burt J.

Packard, Rhea Thayne Miller, Matilda Huber, Edna Ninth row: Carl F. Day, Jacklin E. Tracy, Hal Tensmeyer, John L. Hepworth.

B. Patterson, Eileen Wight, Sarah May Coombs, N. A. Hales, Roger L. Olsen, Milton A. Smith, Udell Fourteenth row: David Miles, Melvin Mark

Carmen Westover, Nord Westover, Martin Ethington, E. Poulsen, Stephen L. Jensen, Melvin J. Chugg, Richardson, Winston Jae Reese, John Bell Malcolm,

818 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Robert Barney, Richard Lambert, Donald Karl Jenson, Loosle, Jr., J. Lyle Crandall, LewisFred

F. Hinckley, William Donald Hays, K. On Fry, The Church W. Moves William Hinckley, David Larsen, S.Htgerhorst, Don

A. Eden. Gerald Wilford Demke. Dalton,E. Nichols, Gene

row: Twentysecond John Don ChristenMarkham, Marler, Ben. C. Naet, G. (Concluded 780) Ralph row: from page Fifteenth

sen, L. Bangerter, Ronald Baker, Drostan Peters, Melvin Leroy Heward, Elmer Gardner,Wendell W.

Richard Farraway, Verl B. Garrett, Whitmer, Munk, Donald Kresser, E. GrantFloyd Delbert Hodges,

J. Pratt, Calvin Shelley, M. Alfred, Kimball F. Carver. Faust, Dick Tabernacle Organ Daniel ConPaul Barratt,

Monson, Nicholas Duncan, Smith. Adam Verl William Brown, G. f\ president Ralph of Sixteenth row: Harrison, Donald

Twentythird row: B. Blaine Larsen, Randall, C. F. Robert N. George Gerald Colv'm,Casper, Don * Rose, the AeolianSkinner Robert O. Dalton, Organ Glen ComForrest Alleman, C. R.Scott, D. Gene Beeton, Orme, Gerald Robert

Allred, Robert Wright, Wayne Arvel Oscar T. Hurst, E. Johnsen, Jergensen, KeithDayton, Dale Lynn W. pany, in early to came Salt Lake City Griffin. Farlin Wood, Lamar W.Wayne Thomock, Owen

Sumsion. Twentyfourth row: Gene Ainscough, Blaine November to direct the work of voicWhitmore, Webster, Gale Houtz, Shelley Jerome Sam Keene, Wayne Eugene Ross row: Seventeenth

Donaldson, Stephen Darrel Russell, 0. Dixon, ing and adjusting the pipes of the E. Home, Ralph EdwardWilson, Lane W. Hickman,

Jr. Harvey A. Wilson, Fresh, William A. Howes, ReidJoseph Young, H.

Twentyfifth row: Acel Roy bouiter, Paul D. Payne, worldfamed Salt Lake Tabernacle Spencer, Fred R. P. Sogers, Kenneth D.Richard

Niederhauser, Bob L. Balle, Richard S. Cheever. Calvin F. Read, Walter L. Johnson, Keith Larsen, organ to their intended tonecolor.

H. Lowell Lenar Reed Sorenson, Douglas row: Eighteenth Richards, Richard Glenn Scott, John As he arrived, the organ had been Thayn. Keith Robert Leechty, Alfred Robinson, KennethReed

Twentysixth Seely, Alvin row: Kay Gee Pickett, Albert Newell Richardson,Erwin W. Ogden Dean renovated and structurally, completed

Jeffs, Paul Smith Jr., Carter, Brooks, William Joseph Fullmer,Kraut, David Sorensen, Alton H.

the and 120 of E. 188 sets of Willden, E. Clifford Dee J. G. Hennis, Fred pipes were White. Sroufe. J. Neilson, HaroldRex Schofield, RodneyJ.

Left (right), Balcony: Jay Beazer Park Beazer L. D. in Nineteenth Richard Young, Arthur row: temporary operation. (center), (left), (sitBeazer Lynn Stan KimballWest, Campbell, Curtis, R. Bruce David Nelson ting), (sitting). Benton Wayne Harrison, native Mr. a of England, Garrett, G. Johnson, MarlandJames Melvin W.

Standing: (front Moss, to back) Donald Roy B. Harper, Anderson, Hansen, Evan Carl N. W. to the came States United thirtyabout B. Petersen, Leatham, Hatch, D. Howard Max F. Snarr. GrantLe V. Gerald Shreeve,

Bassetti. Richard A. five years is ago. acclaimed He by J. Bergstrom, Dean LeRoy Keith row:.Twentieth Robinson, D. Donald Balcony: James Center W.

L. Verl Ballantyne, Haacke, R.Worthen, Wayne Caldwell, Burgoyne, Brown, D. Roger Warren American Rex organists as the of one Hair, R. Miller, Allen D. B. Theodore Davies,Delmar L. L. Nichols, Hogan. Ross Murray greatest, if not the greatest, E. Eckholdt. William tonal exrear, to front standing: Balcony: Right John

E. Smith, Morrell, Dick Twentyfirst row: Edwin Bean, James I. Heninger, Melvin S. Tagg, James perts. He is most eager, considering the Knell. D. Gerald Charles D. Hyde,James W. Eckersley,

characteristics of the Tabernacle, to make this the most colorful and beautiful organ in America.

Previous to Mr. Harrison's coming,

Herbert G. Pratt, tuning specialist for

the organ builders, arrived to apply his skill to the tuning of the instrument.

Indian Chapels

T)lans for the construction of seven chapels for the Indians have been announced by the Presiding Bishopric.

Each chapel is to have a seating capacity of approximately eighty persons.

In addition there will be a room in each chapel to be used as living quarters by missionaries.

The chapel to be located at Richfield,

Utah, and one near St. George, Utah,

will each be of frame construction.

The other five, all on the Navajo reservation, will either be of native stone or of adobe construction. They will be

located at Aneth, San Juan County,

Utah; Buck's Trading Post, northeast

of Gallup, New Mexico; Rama, southeast of Gallup; St. Michael's, near

Window Rock, Arizona; and Howela

Polacca, northwest of Crystal, Arizona.

Christmas Goes Modern (Concluded from page 811) The whole family in various stages of dress came running. Then everybody shouted at once. The boy's

parents came in, and they shouted.

Only the grayhaired teacher stood in smiling silence, but the look in her clear blue eyes told volumes.

It was a very, very Merry Christmas. News of the surprise spread

fast through the village, and in the week between Christmas and New

Year's, when the figures were taken down from the string across the fireplace that had held them upright, the whole town had come, had laughed, had learned something.

DECEMBER 1948 819 Vaudois Records Microfilmed (Concluded from page 791) would be exchanged for a captured

German colonel. Instead, at the time

Auerbach's easyto-make set for his release, he and the others

wellknown, and all were shot and HEIRLOOMHOOKED RUGS were taken to Villar, where he was then hanged. His mother died

heartbroken a few months later.

"Defore we left, I copied the fine pedigree lent me by Mr. Jervis,

to be placed in our genealogical library. We hope to keep in touch

with him by correspondence.

Minerva sparkle tone Cflr All of us have been highly imrug yarn, 2 oz. skein wC pressed with the gracious courtesy

Hook—1.49 Frame—7.98

and sincere friendliness of all the Burlap Backs:

22 x 34—1.50; 24 x 36—2.75; 30 x 48—3.49 pastors and their families. Everycloth backs: Warp

24 x 60—6.98; 34 x 56—7.50; 40 x 58, 30 x 50. where they were eager to help us in

40 x 62—8.98 our objective. In no case did they

Auerbach's, State and Broadway, Salt Lake City evince the slightest hesitation or obPlease send me the following hooked rug materials. jection. Once, we called upon a

Size Kind Rug back send sufgroup of them just before the open- (specify colors desired; we will Yarn

ficient to make the rug chosen) ing of a synod meeting and made

Hook Frame appointments to call at each of the

Name several parishes for the records. Of Address

City Zone... State the twenty or more pastors we have

met, we found all of them men of innate culture and refinement, unselfishly devoting themselves to their ministry among their humble flocks.

They are well educated and most of them speak several languages.

Pastor Geymet of Rora was greatly

Exclusive Utah Distributors interested in the achievements andTAKE A TRIP teachings of our Church, and asked TO OLD RUINS of many questions and for some of our

niversary he requested President Mexico and literature. At a family wedding anBarker to explain our ideals of famCentral America ily Onelife. day, when we were out of

Farnsworth, Conducted by Dewey author of film, Brother Black and I climbed Before "The Americas Columbus"steep to the Vandalino Mount up Salt JanuaryLeaving Lake City 5, America's Finest in Vaurock famous abutting and 3, 1949 Return February

Electronic Organ dois history as Casteluzzo. From its

TO BOOK OF MORMON LANDS summit we looked across the great

An allexpense-paid 30day trip by bus and Piedmont plain, even as President to the fantasticplane ruins of Mexico and See Us For: Lorenzo Snow and his missionary civilizationsCentral America, where magnificent

centuriesflourished vanished before Columand

Mexico, throughbus. Travel Guatemala, San Free Connsonata Demonstracompanions had done nearly one

Salvador, Yucatan. Honduras, and years

its Paltion hundred Palace, National City withSee Mexico reminiscence. hour of rich Arts, the great Cathedral; of Fine andace before. It Wewas rean

of Teotihuacan, City PyramidCement of the Additional Organ Informamembered that they had renamed native markets; with its Toluca Moon; andSun

Floating "Silver City"; GarXochicalco and the tion this Mountain "Mount Brigham,"AlCuicuilco, Cholula,dens, Teneyuca, Monte

Mitla, ChichenItza, Uxmal, the and museums;ban this rock of Casteluzzo

Caverns and See Carlsbad Kabah.and other Advice on all Home or and For here they route. of Prophecy."points en "Rock

in luxurious buses chartered andTravel safe Church Music Needs had stood and dedicated the land of in Airline the best planes; livePan American

hotels; eat the finest meals. Italy for the preaching of the gosFor further information write: pel. Vaudois families had been

FARNSWORTH MEXICO TOURS brought into the Church. In our

Box 143. Salt Lake City, Utah hearts, as we stood there, was the

or call the 259 South State Street prayer that the prophecies uttered

Temple Square Hotel Salt Lake City on that hallowed occasion would

Tel. 5-2961 soon come to fulfilment.

YOUR CHURCH CAN

HAVE AN ORGAN

AMERICA'S FINEST ELECTRONIC ORGAN

Yes, Your Church can have a Connsonata installed in ample time for

Christmas Services... if you act without delay.

Connsonata occupies only a few cubic feet of space and can be

easily and quickly installed without church remodeling. It is ideal

for the small chapel, yet it will fill the greatest auditorium with

glorious, soul satisfying organ music... and it costs only a fraction of the price of a pipe organ of comparable musical resources

Church organ committees and organists are cordially invited and urged to investigate Connsonata... to see it, hear it and play Alsosomewhatavailablesmallernow isandthe newless 2CexpensiveModel,

it. Write, or wire, today for illustrated, descriptive literature, than the 2A Model. Both models have

standard A.G.O. Pedal board and full

and the name of your nearest dealer. range down to real 16foot, 32cycle C.

Connsonata, Division of C. G. Conn Ltd., Elkhart, Indiana

c-io DON'T CONFUSE THE CONNSONATA

Department 1233 WITH OTHER ELECTRONIC ORGANS

The CONNSONATA is unlike any other organ, electric or is produced by its patented electronic.own individualEachsource,CONNSONATAwhich is an toneexclusive,

use of the vacuum tube and the most prolific and versatile source of musical tone known to modern science.

No moving mechanical parts only the electrons move I

Maintenance and operating costs are low.

The Connsonata is a development of the Sound and Electronic Research

Laboratories of C.G.Conn Ltd., for over 70 years specialists in musical tone.

DECEMBER 1948 821 THERE ARE NO FINER.. NO MORE APPROPRIATE GIFTS THAN

BOOKS A gift of books for Christmas will always be right... particularly so when the books

are as informative and inspirational as those listed below. Available at Bookcraft,

or your favorite bookstore.

ASSORTED GEMS OF PRICELESS VALUE THE PRINCE OF UR

By N. B. Lundwall By Leah D. Widtsoe

novel, of selected historical quotations from volume the moving A tures of from of L. the writings.. the story D. S. and romance filledAbraham—with adventurePZi.UUCO flfl leaders of Church the Chaldees". *p/..0\JCOscripCO Aand"Urfast

IN WITNESS CHRIST A AMERICA FOR NEW THE OF THE STORY BOOK MORMON OF Dr. Francis Kirkham By W. Pierce Florence By Kevised scholarly enlarged cenwith work, and a of is text of the Book complete Here a Mormon—writtral thesis is that of the Book Mormon sein the successive story form, in ten and $2.50 divine QQ H'vl.UUCO.... therein of portrayed the events quence

BIBLE CUMORAH'S GOLD STORYTELLER'S SCRAPBOOK E. Cecil By McGavin Zobell, L. Jr. Albert by it's in This class, stands alone book with wealth a of stories edition pocketsize compact Another and of information heretofore printed not any by talks. 160 to to illustrations color your give pages.. writer Mission recommended The by OC of compiler the Sermons""Minute and by J>.JCOChurch Literature the.Committee Church $1.00 "Sunlight and Shadows"ofTHE YOUNG. BRIGHAM OF THE MAN HOUR

By Leah D. Widtsoe SUNLIGHT AND SHADOWS

A remarkable volume of the life and accomplishment by Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

ot a great gifted author leader, graphically told by a $2.00 Awhohandbookare calleddesignedupon to forspeakthe atusefuneralsof those $1.75

DISCOURSES OF WILFORD WOODRUFF TEMPLES OF THE MOST HIGH

By G. Homer Durham by N. B. Lundwall

The clear, direct and powerful teachings of Wilford The histories, dedicatory prayers, and inspirational

Woodruff, fourth president of the L. D. S. ipArtJUCO CO L.incidentsD. S. connectedChurch with the temples of the COiJ>.OUCO Church

RECONCILIATIONS EVIDENCES AND PLATES THE GOLDEN Dr. A. John Widtsoe By Florence Pierce by This written in book response was to unique intended resemble the book A recurring of those questions know towantthe constantlyto who Plates, offering picture comprehensive a

life the situations gospel actual ffO meets how OC of HwUCOGoldenCO plates the to appearance. contents as and today

FAMILY ETERNAL THE HOUSE OF ISRAEL

By Roy A. West by E. L. Whitehead

Here is a book that unfolds to youth and parents A volume showing the history and identification of alike that home ture the roadlifetomayeternalbe a progressgreat adven- $2.25 theIsraelfour(Judah)branches of the main routes of CO$O.UUflfl on

INTERPRETATIONS GOSPEL THE SUNDAY TRUE SABBATH—SATURDAY OR Dr. A. John Widtsoe By Kenneth by Coombs to original the companion volume A interesting revealing that and book cation, "Evidences $1.50 publi- $2.25 Anclearly true proves the Sabbath HIS Reconciliations"MANSIONS MANYand

THE QUEST Howells Rulon S. By

t. Ursenbach religions of by comparing the 13 Christian Churches, by O.

whatthis bookotherenablesChurchesone teachto know, not guess, }>.*?CO OC Theligionstorywas ofnotonethe who,true one,convincedset outthatto findhis

JOSEPH SMITH: PROPHETSTATESMAN Christ's true Church $2.25

Dr. by G. Homer Durham IS THE THEWS KINGDOM political of philosophy the Smith, The Joseph Wendell Ashton by

inprophet, in dramatically described one is OC largely of J.the story Mormon and men t9i*i%JCOMormon tormational volume to helped establish the women whohistory Church and LATTERDAY SPEAK PROPHETS the this develop west. material From came H. Daniel Ludlow By the author's inspiration $2.00 to this write book

all of the eight to teachings devoted volume A presidents important subjects of the Church on a variety of $4.00 THESEby JosephAMAZINGH. WestonMORMONS

L. D. S. SCRIPTURES The L. D. S. Church and the Mormon people,

By Gilbert Charles Orme as seen and described by a newspaper man. $1.00

L. S. D. reference only book, The Church

IT TO. MAY CONCERN WHOM side 3,000 with index than more firsthandyand Marvin by O. Ashton $4.50 319. subjects. relerences covering

plain, simple Through language kindly and THE AND DRAGON MAM late the still humor, Bishop Ashton touches flfl Dr. A. Widtsoe by John N>O.UUCO good of the hearts folk common everywhere of practical chest enthemes, gospel A treasure

riched with many applications and apt CO HO VISION THE anecdotes N. b. by Lundwall

MIRACLES MODERN of compilation rare A invaluable writings and on Stokes Jeremiah by great of subject the of salvation living the COthe for incidents sincere reader. Faithpromoting the Here the dead, and P**UCI leading religious by leaders.

is faith comfort, increased assurance and CO SAINT UAY iJJl.JUCI in divine power bailey Paul by MASONRY MOHMONISM AND tale of authentic of An the one most and E. Cecil by McGavin figures in history. America's Read SAINT romanticGAY of of the scholarly challenging most books and One

.. leader priest apostate, miland tragic—vigilante spirit in will of year, written the Christian the good lionaire pauper, and statesman. freeand to brotherhood, desire the promote with and booter $2.50 $2.25 friendship understanding and

Of course there are scores more of

Bookcraft titles from which to choose.

PATRONIZE YOUR

LOCAL DEALER.

(! THESE BOOKS ARE AVAILABLE

THROUGH HIM. 1186

salt SOUTHLake CityMAIN4-, Utah

822 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CHRISTMAS IN C010NIA JUAREZ (Concluded from page 799) palates craved and were denied in their experiences in home evening who wished to join her sewing cirthe north. performances. Moreover, their love

cle. of literature was fanned to life beWhen the hemming was finished ()n Christmas morning, with a yond life by the stories that these

to the satisfaction of Sister Lewis'shout, the children rushed to the mothers loved and told.

kindly but critical eye, she brought "parlor"where everything had been Uncle Remus, The Prince and the out an array of transfer patterns carefully laid out the night before. Pauper, Rhoecus and his bee—alland with a flatiron—always kept The girls would receive their sewing gained new lustre from the lips of

heating on the clumsy, woodburn- boxes—mysteriously smelling of the these mothers. Strangely enough, ing stove—she let the girls stamp redolent banana oil—complete many of these children did not realtheir flowers and their butterflies in with thimble, needles, thread, pins, ize that they were being trained so

the corners or the center of their and scraps for sewing, as well as the that never could they be tempted to choice handwork. While the ebony needle sharpener, shaped like read the salacious, the tawdry in

girls sewed and wrapped, Sister a strawberry. The older daughters books or magazines. Those mothers

Lewis taught them Church songs, might have scissors, but the younger in an isolated community laid well so that Christmas morning they ones were content with the promise the foundation of appreciation for would not only present the gifts, but that on good behavior they would the true and the great in literature.

in the evening they could also sing be allowed to borrow them. Sometimes the whole community

solos, duets, trios, in their shrilly In the foot of the stocking was would gather on a Christmas evemelodious children's voices. the treat of the day—a large orange. ning for a real play presented in the

There were other preparations So scarce were oranges that the Juarez Academy. The love of

that the children could make even youngest ones were instructed how drama was not a century plant to the better than adults. Mistletoe, a luxthey should skin them, saving the Mormons, flowering infrequently,

ury in the States, was to be had for yellow peel to cut out into fancy but rather the very stuff of life, and the picking in Juarez. Clinging to false teeth. Slipped into place, these wherever they went, little theaters

the tall cottonwood trees, it made orange teeth were sure to offer blossomed.

inviting bait for the boys and girls hours of grotesque amusement. Always the last thing in the evewho, barefooted, shinnied up the While oranges grew lusciously, ning, family prayers would be held,

smooth trunks of the trees to where, extravagantly, along the western in gratitude and reverence.

high up, the parasite flourished. coast of Sonora, the adjoining state, Throughout the day, there was a

Having reached the topmost getting them into Chihuahua presunanimity of purpose that made the branches, the children would gather ented difficulty. Piled in sacks on Christmas of Colonia Juarez unusuthe leaf groups with their white patient burros, which then moved al. Because of the oneness of ideals,

crown of sticky berries. Hanging laboriously along the foothills, over the Christmas celebration was free

from lamps, it made an inviting decthe mountains, and down into the from the brawling and carousing oration. Who in the States ever posvalleys, they at long last reached the that characterized similar celebrasessed enough money to spend it Colonia Juarez children. It was tions in many towns of like size.

extravagantly on mistletoe with small wonder then that great No saloons were to be found in which to decorate the packages? whoops of delight preceded the Colonia Juarez. Only reputable

prying out of the golden globes buildings were erected: shoeshops,

"pven in Mexico Santa Claus came from the stockings. With what joy for the Mormons were thrifty; harwith his reindeer and sleighthey cradled them in their hands, ness shops, for they needed equipbells. St. Nicholas, after all, is a hoarding them against their mountment that their horses might plow

matter of imagination, not of Fahing appetites. the land; a cannery, for they must

renheit. And Yankeebred mothers After the morning prayer of gratiprovide in a time of plenty against

could make the snow fly even in the tude, the round of visiting began. a time of need; a planing mill, for

dusty streets of Juarez. So vivid At each home, the eating of some they must have some way of getting

were the storytellers that children toothsome dainty was in order until material for building homes; a gristborn and reared in Juarez knew the at last even the bottomless stomach mill, for wheat is essential for life;

sting and exhilaration of the snow of childhood seemed to lose its and a cheese factory. All these and

they had never seen, felt the pull of elasticity, and the most delicate more were erected by the industrious unused muscles as they listened to pastry or candy went begging. Saints. Peace and prosperity flowthe tales of skating and sleighriding ered in the wake of the Mormons, in

in Zion. (hristmas evening was the climax Mexico as it had on the desert lands

Always into the stockings went of the day. A program was of the Great Basin.

some of the goodies of the north, planned in which every member of All this peace and prosperity had sent by longing grandparents or the family took part, by song, story, its complete blossoming on Christabsent fathers in order that their recitation, or dramatization. Nowamas day, a day of complete accord

loved ones might not be too comdays it seems strange, perhaps, that with the One for whom it had been pletely weaned from older customs from this little community have named. Friendliness and good spiror forget in the more temperate recome so many leaders of Church it, unselfishness and prayerfulness

gion the land of their rightful inand educational activities. Those mingled to make it a day to be

heritance. In this south land, there who lived there know why: they treasured against the time of anwere rare tasties that even Yankee were trained in selfconfidence by other Christmas.

DECEMBER 1948 823

"BEAT G1AD DRUMS!"

The Finest in Pianos (Concluded from page 802) was against regulations, but I

MASON & HAMLIN the drums. The drums that weren't begged so hard he called the owner,

KNABE there. Mr. Kimball. He said it was okay

EVERETT "Oh, Jake,"she whispered tearand took them out of the window.

CABLENELSON fully. "Things are so terribly imAnd he told me if I could raise five

JESSE FRENCH portant at sixteen."bucks more before Christmas he'd

"I know, honey. I know!"hold them for me for good. That's

why I didn't say anything until I

HThe children awakened all at once, was sure."

and there were cries of, "Santa's "So you were the culprit that been here!"The smaller children sabotaged us!"Jake laughed. "Your

were already at their toys, and Mom mother and I tried to buy them, and Dad must look and exclaim. too!"

But all the time they were watching "Oh, Jerry, we thought you were

Jerry. He lifted the jacket out of out with Pete Bakkus."

the big suit box, and as one they Jerry said, "Pete Bakkus!"And

were at his side. there was contempt in his voice.

Utah's Most Complete Sheet Music "Sorry we couldn't get the drums, Jake's hand found hers and gave a Department saying. right squeeze. hard Jerry,"was Jake Some

in Specialize We "ButI—it first the didn't of the year, what was littlematter—hadthing—Music after Church Music—Choral Pete. against turned been and you worry- "Have Jerry Mom for Every Occasion Music

Please send me information on a ing about those drums?"Jerry "But I can help you buy the

Spinette Grand turned and smiled at them, and it drums, Son,"Jake said. "I still got was a smile of great tenderness. some money, and—Name

"Gosh, I'm sorry. Guess I should Jerry's arm went around Jake's

Address have told you, but I wanted to surshoulders, and he looked taller than see, I got to thinkhis father. "Thanks, Dad, but I'dBEESLEY MUSIC COMPANY prise you. You 70 South Main St. ing about how you and Mom do so kinda like to do this on my own.

Salt Lake CityUtah much for all of us, and I decided I I'm taking a paper route starting didn't deserve drums unless I next Monday. It's about time I was

worked for them myself. That's doing something to help you."He

when I got my job."sounded almost like a man, and then

"You've been working nights, Ruth saw the little boy look of anJerry?"ticipation come back in his face. IDEAL BOOKS "Sure, delivering telegrams for "Just wait until I get my drums,

Western Union. I earned five bucks Mom,"he grinned. "And I'll beat

"LIFE OF HEBER C. KIMBALL"and took it into Kimball's music you out some solid jive!"

By Orson F. Whitney company, and begged the manager Oh, beat, glad drums, in my heart,

Price $3.00 to save them for me. He said that she thought exaltedly. Beat!

"MORMONISM AND MASONRY"By E. Cecil McGavin

Price $2.25 EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS

"THE MORMON PIONEERS"(Continued from page 809) children of men, and pray and do all I can

Full of new and thrilling stories priestcraft, lawyercraft, doctorcraft, lying for the salvation of all.10

of great events. editors, suborned judges and jurors, and the

authority of perjured executives, backed It was through Joseph that the by mobs, blasphemers, licentious and corLord revealed anew the true dignity hell rupt knocking and men women—all spirit are of man. begotten Men

off there. corner here and a corner a Thus

all children of God. makes That I will polished shaft smooth a and become

in the quiver of the Almighty, who will men of the race of Gods, with GodVilli J%OW*0N ofgivethem,me dominionwhen theiroverrefugeall andof everylies shallone likeIndestinies.the light of this divine origin

fail, and their hiding place shall be deand destiny of man, he understood these stroyed, smoothpolished while stones the word of the Lord

I with which come in contact become marred. 9 Remember, the worth of souls is great in

. sight of God; By Joseph Smith loved his fellow the

if that it so be.. you should labor all E. Cecil McGavin And

tell your days in crying repentance unto this Published by Stevens & Wallis, Inc. men. He did not hesitate to

For Sale By them so, or to show his love by his people, and bring, save it be one soul unto shall be your joy with him 11 Father! of my DESERET BOOK CO. acts.CarterThereads:end of a letter to Jared me,in thehowkingdomgreat

44 East South Temple DEALERS I love your soul, and the souls of the 10/fcW..HD. & C.1:33918:10, 15 AND ALL BOOK

Vbid., 5:401 ( Concluded on page 826

824 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA is dooming tuMnq

IN THE GREAT

INTERMOUNTAIN WEST

The Intermountain West is a bright spot on the economic map of the nation... growing, prosperous, and

definitely going places. Everywhere

you'll hear the ring of saw and hammer and everywhere the word that

TRISTATE is the place for the best, in building materials. No job is too

small... none too large... to receive

our complete cooperation.

37 /umber yards to serve you!FOR All YOUR

BUILDING NEEDS 7tyS7?17E LUMBER CO INTERMOUNTAIN BUILDING HEADQUARTERS

December 1, 1948 At Home Dear Mother and Dad:

Our family could have just as much fun as the family in the picture if we had THE GAME OF EMIGRATION. Look, as the move the miniature Covered Wagons across the board from Nauvoo to the Salt Lake

Valley, they're pretending they are real Pioneers. You should read the

dozens of questions and answers that come with the game.

Boy, they really TEACH!

Won't you please put the GAME OF EMIGRATION under our CHRISTMAS TREE?

Hopefully, Your Boy and Girl Betty and Bob

P.S. The game

costs only $2.95

If your DEALER doesn't have this great L. D. S. GAME

write The Game of EMIGRATION 301 Zion's Savings Bank Bldg.. Salt Lake City. Utah, Tel. 9-2663

DECEMBER 1948 825 EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS (Concluded from page 824) Faith in God; love of truth; genuThis joy the Prophet sought ine humility; and sincere love of our

throughout his years. fellow men, are always distinguishThroughout the pages of the ing marks of greatness. That apProphet's journal runs a spirit of plies not only to Joseph, but also to

love for his fellow men. He cherhis followers now living.

ished his friendships, and spoke of These qualities also answer those them with so tender a love as to who would have the Church foundmelt the heart. When he was ed through Joseph Smith make this

urged to go to Carthage, where he or that change, set up this or that was martyred, he said, "If my life practice. The Church as an organis of no value to my friends it is of ization must never fail to appeal to

none to myself."12 In the cause that God, or go beyond the bounds of

he represented, he forgot himself truth; but must look upon itself as

and thought only of others. a mere instrument to accomplish

ORANGE BLOSSOM HONEY Fresh, new crop... crystal clear, By these tests, as by others, JoGod's purposes; and in all of its

fragrant with the delicate sweetness seph Smith was a great man. work must be a blessing to human* of a million blossoms... the world's History of the Church, 6:549 kind.—/. A W.

finest honey!

Packed in beautiful, high glaze characteristic "Utah Beehive"ceramic ovenproof jar... wonderful THE IAMANITES AS PORTRAYED IN THE BOOR OF MORMON

for reuse as a bean pot, or, refill with honey, jam, candy, nuts or (Continued from page 793) And as sure as the Lord liveth, so sure small cookies. Nephites joined the Lamanites as as many as believed, or as many as were

truth, the to of the brought knowledge Delightful for holiday gifts. Mail it suggested, have must has been

his through the preaching and of Ammon directly friends. to your of the days between been sometime spirit of brethren, to the according revelaSPECIAL Full OFFER! Milof Pound of the elder days the and Mosiah tion of and of prophecy, power

ler's pure orange blossom honey in miracles working I say Zeniff, God from led Nephites who andthem—yea,the and "Beehive"jar. ceramic

liveth, as as of unto you, the Lord many their foreof to the land Zarahemla

ONLY SOOO anywhere'PP<"l postpaidin U.S. fathers. Zeniff makes no mention ing,the Lamanitesand were asconvertedbelieved inuntotheirthepreachLord, J sh

NO COD'S PLEASE. ORDER FROM: of finding descendants of the main never did fall away.

WOODROW MILLER HONEY CO. body of Nephites after arriving at For they became a righteous people;

P.O. Box 504, Colton, California the place of their inheritance. (See they did lay down the weapons of their

Mosiah 9; 3-8.) rebellion, that they did not fight against

The Lamanites at their worst are God any more, neither against any of their described in the Book of Mormon brethren. (Alma 23:6-7.)

as having an evil nature and as beBE SURE TO READ ing wild, ferocious, bloodthirsty, This is a wonderful testimony to idolatrous, and filthy, dwelling in the faithfulness of the converted LaAll Three Instalments Of tents, and feeding upon beasts of manites. The greatest war story in

prey. ( Enos 20. ) They went about the Book of Mormon concerns the

with short skin girdles around their faith and valor of the two thousand loins, and their heads were shaven. "sons of Helaman,"actually the

'BAPTISM FOR THE DEAD (Ibid.) They were skilled in the sons of Lamanites who had reuse of the bow, the cimeter, and the nounced war and killing forever.

53:1022; 5658.) (See Alma 24; ate nothing but raw Many IN ANCIENT TIMES"ax. the should Samuel, Nor we forget continually sought meat, and they

to destroy the Nephites. ( Ibid. ) At great Lamanite prophet who foretheir best many Lamanites were contold the signs of Christ's birth and

verted by the Nephites and became death. (Helaman 14.) The resurmodel members of the Nephite rected Savior held Samuel in such

Beginning in the December Issue church. A good example of such great favor that he commanded that

conversion is found in Alma 23. the Nephite records be amended to

Here it is recounted that the king of record the fulfilment of his prophof the Lamanites sent a proclamation ecies. (Ill Nephi 23:9-13.)

forth prohibiting anyone from layWhen the Lamanites fully undering hands upon the four missionary stood the word of God, they were

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA sons of King Mosiah or in any way extremely faithful, and in many inpreventing them from carrying out stances the curse of a dark skin was 12 issues $2.50 their ministry. Thousands of Lataken from them. (See III Nephi 2:

manites were brought to a knowl11-16.) Furthermore, they were

edge of the truth. The sacred record quite capable of preaching to the

testifies: Nephites. Samuel the Lamanite is

826 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

an illustrious example of this fact.

Let us summarize this brief account of the Lamanites:

1. The Lamanites as portrayed

in the Book of Mormon are descendants of the combined Nephite, Mulekite, and Lamanite peoples who were spared on this continent at the time of the Savior's crucifixion.

2. The Lamanites were a scourge

to the Nephites to keep them faithful to the Lord.

3. The Lamanite people survived

the Nephites because they observed the Lord's commandments respecting marriage as predicted by the prophet Jacob. (Jacob 3:6.)

4. The main body of Nephites

from which the elder Mosiah and his illustrated with fullcolor pictures in * followers departed (Omni 12, 13) THREEDIMENSIONS either probablywere or destroyed See Fairy Tale, Christmas, Wild Animal, Bible Stories illustrated with lost their identity joining the by ViewMaster fullcolor photographs that to life"in "come

Lamanites. amazing realism of threedimensions. Educational...Entertaining...the

5. When the Lamanites underPerfect gifts for year 'round enjoyment.

stood the Lord's word, they were THE CHRISTMAS STORY very faithful and renounced their In three parts. 21 pictures on three Reels $1.00

filth and their crude methods of livWILD ANIMAL REELS ing. Samuel the Lamanite was one 35c each. Three for $1.00. Packet of six $2.00

of the greatest prophets of the Book Wild Animals, Africa... (901) Q Zoo Animals III (912)

of Mormon. DZooAnimalsl (910) Q Zoo Animals IV (913)

6. The promise of the Lord to the Zoo Animals II (91 1 ) Q Zoo Animals V (914)

Lamanite remnant, our Indians, is FAIRY TALE REELS that they shall yet receive the gospel 35c each. Packet of three for $1.00. Packet of six $2.00

and become a white and delightLittle Red Riding Hood.. (FT-1) Q Cinderella (FT-5)

some people. D Hansel and Gretel (FT-2) Q Goldilocks (FT-6)

Jack and the Beanstalk. (FT-3) Three Little Pigs (FT-7)

Snow White (FT-4) Little Black Sambo (FT-8)

The Ugly Duckling (FT-9) AND UNTO THEE OUR LIVES BIBLE STORY REELS

IN PURITY 50c each Visits Zacharias (CH-1 By Caroline Eyring Miner D AngelBirth of Savior (Part I) (CH6A) (This poem was written for and read D Birth of Savior (Part II) (CH6B) at the dedication of the Riverton First D Wise Men Find Jesus (CH-8)

Chapel, December Ward Turns To Water Wine (CH-1 28, 1947. D Jesus 5) it symbolize May a great movement Herod the Kills John Baptist (CH37)all this over Church.)

Jesus Answers Prayer of Mother (CH40) 'T'oday we dedicate this house to thee, Good Samaritan (CH47) this Lord, glorious Jesus, * Dear chapel Our Shepherd Good we have (CH49) built, Prodigal I) (Part Son (CH55A)Its spire, lifted a finger reverently

II) Prodigal (Part Son (CH55B) thee preciousToward whose blood was freely spilled Rich Man and Poor Lazarus (CH57)

For us. It is the symbol of our love,

Our unity, our hope of better things; VIEWMASTER STEREOSCOPE $2.00

Our faith in leaders with a dream above

Selfinterest, whose fulfilment brings Send Stereoscope and StereoStories checked above to:

A satisfaction known alone to those

Who act as loving shepherds to the fold Name. Leading aright their precious flocks to enAddress

close Them in a sheltered haven where no cold, City State -

No unbelief, no hurt, nor harm can come. D Check Q Cash C.O.D.

From this day on let quiet peace be here!

Let here be tolerance for all; let some

Sweet music, gracious deed, kind word of cheer, lonelyGiven heart this some within place, toLead him look with joy face. 27 West South Temple Street 3-1404 thy upon

Let here be faith and hope and charity,

No discord, only joyous harmony. Salt Lake City, Utah

Today we dedicate this house to thee,

And unto thee our lives in purity.

DECEMBER 1948 827 CYNTHIA CURTIS (Concluded from page 789) hear a strangely familiar voice tellhad answered laughingly. ing someone that a child needed

James knew he meant he inspecial medical care which the ortended to stay there, too, and he phanage could not afford.

could see why. Phil was helping Just then the children came out

people who really needed him. He laughing. She couldn't help noticing

wasn't interested in money alone. how pale Brenda was. She must

If only Cynthia would try to give have been the one the man was in just once, it would be so much speaking of.

easier. They crowded eagerly around

her. She tried to speak but could

The next two days passed very not. It was as if some force was

quickly. He was busy buying holding her mouth shut.

Christmas toys—he hadn't had so She found herself carrying Brenmuch fun for ages. He roamed from da, with the boys racing in front to

one store to another. He couldn't the car. All the way home they

make up his mind which doll he talked and laughed and seemed liked best, the one with the blue thrilled about everything.

dress and brown eyes or the one She answered their many queswith the pink dress and blue eyes. tions somehow. They wanted to

Finally he solved the problem by know if Santa would find them. /htlttenMJu taking both of them. He hid the

SMS toysreallyin"havethe basement.a fit"if sheCynthiagot a glancewould "\\7hentheytheystoodwerein silenceinside thegazinghouse,at

"Back in mining boom days, shopat all this. the tree of their choice so beautibarbers, keepers, salesmen,

all sorts of service tainers and enterHow he wished getting a present fully lighted and decorated, and at the flocked mines. workers around

ores out the for her was as easy and as much the many presents under it. played and When

miners too. I left,wonderthese howfolks manydisappeared,would fun as buying for the children had "Let's sing 'Silent Night.'Our

our to leave have state now, if been. The trouble with her was that doctor taught it to us. He is somines close?"Utah should she already had everything. nice,"Tommy said, jumping up and

Cynthia had stood it as long as down.

possible. She was convinced her As they were gathering around

father didn't know what he was the piano, Phil came in. His eyes

doing. She herself would put a stop showed plainly his puzzlement

to all this nonsense. She marched was Cynthia trying to mock him?

into the orphanage. Golly! what a Brenda was the first to reach him.

terrible place—the walls were so All three of them were talking at

dingy and drab. The quicker she once.

UTAH MINING ASSOCIATION got this over with the better. Mrs. Finally when the noise ceased,

Harper approached her. "I'm CynPhil explained how he had conthia Curtis and—sented to be the orphanage doctor.

"Oh, yes, Miss Curtis."Mrs. Cynthia fought to keep back her

Harper exclaimed, "I have read tears. She hadn't wanted the chilabout you so often in the paper. dren here because of what Phil

Your singing is very lovely. I read would think, and he had been going

about your studying music in Euover there, free of charge, giving rope for ten months. I have always them help, even teaching them

admired you so much that I hoped I Christmas carols. How wrong she

could meet you and get acquainted had been! She knew now what

sometime. If you only knew how the Christmas really should be.

thought of going to your place has Phil came toward her. "You

helped those children; they are getreally have the true Christmas spirting ready. You are a trifle early, it, honey. Not everyone who could

but sit down, and I'll fetch them."afford to do this for three homeless

Cynthia sat down miserably. She kiddies would."

hadn't been able to get a word in Through her tears the tiny diaedgewise. Oh, well, as soon as they mond gleamed twice as bright, as

came, she would just tell them she Phil slipped it on her finger.

was sorry, but something unexJames was remembering how

A Gift pected had come up and they couldtwenty years before he and his wife

FOR CHRISTMAS n't take them after all. had brought home a bundle from the

There were several girls worksame orphanage—their most wonTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA ing, typing, and straightening out derful Christmas gift—with the

12 Issues $2.50 files. It was rather noisy. She could name of Cynthia.

328 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Fort On the Firing Line

(Continued 798) from page FIVE OUTSTANDING BOOKS FOR CHRISTMAS GIFTS a gloriwonderful. supremely What

ous and unexpected transformation for by DR. MILTON R. HUNTER

these enemies of twenty years from Of the First Council of the Seventy each side of the big river who had hating dreading been and $3.00 PRICE and fighting PEARL COMMENTARY OF GREAT the death! to each other Important doctrines of the Pearl of Great Price are explained. has long needed. A book the Church

Among the thousands who rejoiced, no one suspected that the new accord BRIGHAM YOUNG THE COLONIZER..$3.00

was resting on a slippery foundation The book which tells the complete story of the great epoch of the from which it might fall headlong in Mormon colonization of the West. Volume indispensable for an

hour. an Without a word of warning understandingPurchase NOW ofwhilethatsupplyimportantlasts. phase of American history.

the whole hardearned arrangement, in an evil moment, was to be upset THE GOSPEL THROUGH THE AGES.$2.25

and go tumbling to the earth; the re- A "best seller"of Church doctrinal books. Only a few hundred

port of it to send a shudder into every copies left.

Mormon home from Kanab northward. UTAH INDIAN STORIES $2.25

Every child would appreciate receiving for Christmas a copy of f atebrothers,in the fallreturningof 1874,fromfour Navajoa long UTAH—THEthis exciting hairraisingSTORYbook ofOFtrueHERIndianPEOPLEstories.

trading trip into the northern settle-.$2.75

ments, followed the east fork of the The book that thousands are purchasing for their children and for

Sevier River back towards their resertheir home libraries. Contains 450 pages, 70 pictures, 4 colored

vation. When they camped for the cuts, representing $5.00 in book value.

night in Grass Valley, winter seemed suddenly to set in, and snow fell heavily, piling up to alarming depths. Feeling secure in the thought that they

were in a land of good will for their people, the boys entertained no alarm at the prospect of their trail homeward becoming impassable.

They had stopped in a cowcabin, affording them ample shelter from the storm which, according to appearances, might continue for days. When it did

continue with indications that they might be compelled to spend at least part of the winter right there, they had to meet the problems of getting food or going hungry. Doting still

on the belief that they need have no fear of people in the nearby towns and ranches, they planned to butcher a fat calf from the cattle under the trees around them. They would hang

it from a limb in plain sight, and when the owners came, which would no Purchase these books at—

doubt be soon, to drift to the winter range, they would understand, and would accept pay for their emergency BOOKCRAFT DESERET BOOK COMPANYtrespass.

1186 South Main Street 44 East South Temple

Trustful and easy by their warm Salt Lake City 4, Utah Salt Lake City 10. Utah

fire as the storm raged, they ate the juicy beef, and watched for someone Mail orders promptly filled.—or at your home book store

with whom to make settlement, for they had the cash ready after their long trading trip in the north.

But, alas, their nearest neighbors were deadly enemies. That cabin and Everyone needs direction in these important times

the cattle around it belonged to some afterwards brothers, who beSubscribe to and readcame notorious as highwaymen and had to be shot on sight. They had

no sympathy for the Mormons, no love for the Navajos, and no regardfor the long toil and sacrifice by which THE IMPROVEMENT ERA this blessed peace had been brought about. for wholesome recreation

When these men rode out in the storm to get their cattle and as well as direction found the boys in their cabin and the beef hanging in a tree, they waited 12 issues $2.50

for no explanation but began to shoot.

They killed three of the brothers, and (Continued on page 830) DECEMBER 1948 829 Take it from Tbe Fort(ContinuedOn thefrom Firingpage 829)Line

wounded in the snow. AUTOMOTIVE EXPERTS the other one crawled away, badly

O how extreme necessity does drive barrier formidable the which over For Cold Weather Driving Your Car men climb! to impossible thought they was

Needs a Different "Weight"Gasoline When that Navajo boy afoot, wounded and without food or bedding, had to be killed by these murderers, or face the long journey in this condition, the journey he had hesitated about undertaking with a horse and in good health, he simply did the impossible. He would report to his anxious

father and mother; his resolution

would allow him to stop at nothing short of it. He would warn his people away from this land of treachery,

even though he had to crawl the last end of the journey and whisper it to them with his last breath.

How he ever fought his way through trackless wilderness and winter, mountains, gulches, and deserts more than a hundred miles and got to the Colorado River alive is difficult for anyone to imagine who knows the country he had to cover. And how, wounded, half frozen, and famishing with

hunger, he ever struggled through the strong icy current to the east side of the river is quite beyond comprehension. It is said that he crossed somewhere near the mouth of the Trachyte,

and he toiled through a more terrible region still, before he reached the San

Drive up to the pump with the Pep 88 globe and Juan. The Navajos declared he was

fill up with the gasoline that's refinerybalanced to thirteen days without food or blankets, thirteen days nursing desperate best performance weight. For top performance, the wounds, fighting frost, and making

his hikes while he chose own "weight"of gasoline (its balance of light, medium record his path after broke mile and way mile and heavy components) should be adjusted to different through the snow.

seasonal temperatures. When he dragged himself out on the

south side of the San Juan, the land of

YOU GET... hisancepeople,were likehis astoryblaze andin dryhis shavings.appearhis with repeated words Navajos Leapahead pickup The gathered they lips, and on their foam

Smoother Engine Performance heat with each relay. The frenzied

More Miles Between Fillups impulseto mountallin overhaste,thecrossreservationthe big riverwas

You Can Tell It's Different! and the Buckskin Mountains in a resistless horde, and make Mormondom

a blotch of blood and ashes from KaUTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY nab to the lakes. It was the hot passion for revenge which, once started

on its mad course, demanded a thousand prices for its loss.

,..,.. - '.-.;. y. r-r.-r.yyr-v-.-.y.-- >- -v-';-- -> -yt?...--—.* v:-.. v.-%—tn'1 i- Furious echoes from the reservation WARDROBE reached into Utah. Even through the

gathering power the grim sound of war"Stories of i>pmit( HEADQUARTERS winter and over the deep snow came

It Brigstrike. ears of to the to came

for ham Young, but instead of ordering

C>Stories% By Cecilia Margaret Rudin, M. A. his people to arm for the conflict, he

popuis most America's WHAT Biblical Pageants greater relied the force had HYMNS* which on lar radio hymn? sOF

Crosby's blind Fanny of for could than arms them done more WHICH LOVE,WE for also is best known? 8000 hymns called for Hamblin. do. Jacob He He Pen writer: "His this was WHO

with flame"? tipped his of the use Santa Hamblin, wanted by

Christian "Onward was Cecilia,,Vfe WHEREwas turn at >- \ superior to once and power, go first sung? Soldiers"

behind... vividly Givesyears

$1.25,BeautoPricegive! written.Atiful printingofthehymnody.joyinspiringtoandown—andbinding.Authenticstory 400 SALT LAKE COSTUME CO. thecourse—onesurging tidemanbackto frommeet itsandmistakenoverOrder from your church supply house or write direct 248 South Main come singlehanded and without arms,

INC. JOHN & COMPANYBook of RUDINPublishers Ave. ofDept."The IE ChicagoLife"5, S. Wabash1018 Illinois Dial 3-1031 amorefurioushot nationfor revenge.of fifteen thousand or

(To be continued) 830 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Editor's Page {Concluded from page 785) of Him who gave us life; let us

pray for and sustain those whom the Lord has called to preside over us; let us set the world an exampleof righteousness, which will preach Christmas BOOK NEWS

the gospel as it has never been preached in all the years that have Sharing The Gospel With Others passed. by President George Albert Smith

Let us so live that our faith can heal the sick and stay the hand of Born with a generous, kindly spirit and reared from the destroyer when he invades our early childhood with good will and love of mankind his strongest of motivation, the President eighth the Churchcommunities. Let the us remember

life his to has sharing meeting people devoted with andfaithful Saints are scattered who for of inspiration his love from the them Gospel andamong the nations and petition the Lord Jesus Christ. the

Lord for their peace and protection. This book extends that sharing to all who will read it

Let us do our duty in all things, and reading it is like visiting with him, hearing him speak, that we may receive the blessings that feeling the warmth and fervor of his kindly spirit, and are promised the faithful. With all being inspired by his testimony.

our material blessings let us not lose sight at this season of the things that $2.50

are eternal, the things that are worth while, us prepare and let to lay hold upon those greater blessings. Let us On the Way to Immortality and

not put away from us the things of

God. Eternal Life

Let us evidence our gratitude to by Elder J. Reuben Clark, Jr.,

our Heavenly Father for the many of the First Presidency blessings bestowed upon us by livThe place and purpose of the Restoration of the Gospel ing righteous lives. and of the Church are carefully and convincingly explained

I am grateful for the testimony the in this book, the major part of which consists of President

Lord has given me that this is his Clark's radio addresses on the subject. 100 pages of new

work. I know that he lives. I know material evidences the need and reason for the Restoration.

that Jesus Christ is his Son and the

Redeemer of the world. I know and $3.50

bear witness that Joseph Smith was the instrument in the hands of ourFather to bring again the gospel of DESERET BOOK COMPANY salvation to the children of men, and 44 East South Temple Street Salt Lake City 10, Utah that the Lord has continued his Please send:,. copies of "Sharing the Gospel With

priesthood in this Church since the

Others"@ $2.50 and copies of "On the Waydays of the Prophet, and until the

present time. to Immortality and Eternal Life"@ $3.50.

This is the Lord's work; it is the Name

power of God unto salvation, for Address every man and every woman who will receive and obey its precepts, and I bear this witness in the name of Jesus the Christ, the Son of God, the Prince of Peace. Amen.

You Can't ALWAYS Plan The FUTURE By the Past!

lust because you haven't had a fire is no reason why you won't.

Don't judge the future by the past.

Fire is a constant menace and may visit you any day.

Insure your property today and be protected against loss.

Better get your policy while you can.

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

Heber J. Grant & Co., GENERAL AGENTS, Salt Lake City, Utah

DECEMBER 1948 831 VTtS <2/ST>9 "SJTV-P fZ?+-!> /*T>J> D r'SSD-'S NOLIOJJOR-TOBACCO COLUMN m&m&sm

(Concluded from page 815) will tell whether there was any foundadrinking evil ranks as one of the greattion to these rumors. Such a move,

*l'p. est curses of mankind, we go on drinkhowever, would likely not succeed being and drinking and making this damcause most of the newlyelected memning practice a part of our social life. bers of the legislature are pledged

On November 2 the voters of Caliagainst it.

"local fornia option"; defeated those

is thing one But who certain—those of sixtyeight- out her Kansas knocked profit liquor the trade by in any and

yearold prohibition law; those of its ramifications will spend money andall Washington—a liquor monopoly state do everything in their power to pro-—approved sale by the drink, notmote their business. Those who favor

withstanding this method of dispensing temperance and total abstinence must liquor has always resulted in a greater always be alert. This is as true in Utah

capita per consumption. powerThe states. as it is in other would favor We ful liquor the monster is still on march. tightening loosening up. never up, but

In Utah an effort was made in 1946 Promoters of the liquor business must to secure sale by the drink, using the never find us asleep. "Eternal vigilance

initiative method as was done in Oreis the price of liberty."Lawmaking

in election. recent the the gon Thank

bodies and law enforcement officers effort states. failed the in both Lord

There were rumors about in recent must feel that we are watching and will months that another effort would be defend them against the forces of evil May Your made in the newlyelected Utah legis- -—forces that would not stop at bribery

lature to loosen up the state liquor laws or other criminal means to attain their so as to permit sale by the drink. Time ends.

m Christmas "0 TANNENBAUM"

a YJlThat are you looking at, my my eye on the ball very well. I had Be Merry [Continued from page 803) was at school, I'm sure I didn't keep lovely darling? Has a light my eye on you too much—-at least

gone out? Is a string of tinsel after you got home."

askew? Are the balls unbalanced? "Well, I'm as good for your eyes

This is our first tree—our very own any day as old Doc Black in psyand Bright!

handiwork. It must be good. So tell chology."

me "You're loads and loads better, quick—give!"

Sue laughed. "I'm afraid lots of Bryce, but I still wonder whether

things could be wrong, and I wouldwe remember the real goals—

n't even know. It looks so marvelwhether we don't get ourselves all

ous that all I want to do is stand confused with the little things."

and admire it. But as you well "Now who's the philosopher?"

a lightning know, I have mind, and it. think "Well, about Don't we

leaps about. I was looking UTAH POWER & it eternity at forget play while around we that one great dazzling ball—the with time? It seems to me that we

to live sometimes forget while we're LIGHT CO. andgold thinkingone nearoftheMrs.top Draper."of the tree attempting to earn a living. And

"So the great dazzling ball rewhen I get very busy trying to finminds you of Mrs. Draper? Usualish up the furnishing of these few ly I can follow you—slow as I am. rooms, I almost forget about love."

This past six months has given me plenty of exercise in said following. "Don't you dare. Kindly remember that I come first in all things!"IPSE for OVER FIFTY YEARS But this time I'm lost. What is it

itAids in treatment of Canker, simple about the ball that reminds you of He was beaming at her. "I guess

sore throat and other minor mouth Mrs. Draper?"is easy to forget the big things.

and throat irritations. try to it, Susy."watch something she We'll "Not of her—just "I just don't want said."

real purpose of Christmas, Bryce,HALL'S REMEDY "Such as—to forget the

"She said once that she had while I'm having such fun with the noticed that every truly successful trinkets. I want to keep my eye on

the real ball and remember what the ability person had to keep his HOTEL LANKERSHIM "celebrating."we're 7th the ball.'A BROADWAY eye 'on

RATES 1 1 athletic "Me, too,"said Bryce. "Oh, sure—just a good in S. MODERATEHeadquarters Los L D. 8 3

Operator FRANK 1 Armeies 1 in golf, tennis, term football, used H. Manafler R. BECKETT.WISHON. RAY I B

tOS ANGELES basketball. What's it got to do with HThe tree was decorated. It stood

"TWO PERSONS - ONE CHARGE"Christmas tree decorations?"near the window, "So its light

"It makes me wonder. While I will shine forth,"said Sue. A star

832 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Enjoy These

shone on top. Light flowed and

sparkled. It ran along the spiraling Holiday Evtinsel and dripped from icicles. It

bounced from big balls and spread itself over little ones. Superb At The Utah

"Isn't it heavenly? Of course, we

spent too much on the decorations, CHRISTMAS DINNER but the tree was for free, and these for the Family other things will last for years and years."Served with All the Trimmings

"That's what we always say,""i*r grinned Bryce. "Seems to me that

everything we get is bought to thetune of 'This will last forever.'DINNERDANCING NEW YEAR'S EVE PARTY

Hightly, except Sunday Dancing, Dining, Floor ShowWhat are we trying to eta—salve

our own uneasy consciences?"the finest music A Gala Time for Everyone

"No, indeed, just emphasizing the permanence of our marriage. Some'the finest food

day maybe we'll have everything New Year's BREAKFAST fixed up to last for at least ten in the Popular Coffee Shop years, and all we'll have to worry about will be the current expenses."

"Speaking of light bills?"Bryce's New Year's Day DINNER

wink was large.

"I love the light. I like the word

and the idea—and everything!"

"I can remember when Dad and Mother used candles on our ChristSee The Biggest Christmas Ti%jjj$ P?Ail. at the

mas tree,"Bryce was thinking back.I can remember those little tapers fTfc I ID A M

and the tiny jaws that clipped them to the tree. I always worried about

those teeth set on the innocent branches, but I loved the candles."Here's how to make your own delicious

"Much too dangerous—too manyfires and burnt kids—

"Yes, I guess so, honey, but I \:

still liked 'em. You know something,

though—I never liked the cranberrystrings and the popcorn festoons. 'mm

Did you?""Why, of course I did. I loved

'em. Bryce, I'm disappointed in you. You can make them

Why, for the goodness'sake, don't extrarich you like them? I was thinking of extrasmooth,

some!"making home 1

Bryce was laughing. "Too danright at

gerous! Too many sticky germs and

stuff. Susy, girl, please make all

my cranberries into sauce and my popcorn into nice little balls all tied up with cellophane."Think of the money you'll

save/ and think of the extra "You don't have to eat the garfun you'll have/ serving your own lands, Bryce."delicious candy through the holidays—

"Well, if you don't, it's a sinful and having plenty for everyone!

waste. How about if I make a nice Your grocer has a FREE copy for

log fire? I love a fire."you of these specially

selected Christmas Candy recipes. "Too dangerous—and a sinful

waste."Sue looked prim, but her Get yours TODA Y.

eyes were dancing.

Bryce. "It admitted be,"could For Best Results. Always Use SmoothRich

in it's quite the opsome"But ways posite. This will be very safe because you and I will watch it, and

( Continued on page 834 MORNING MILK

DECEMBER 1948 833 "0 TMNENBAM"{Continued from page 833) mercy and justice and forgiveness it will be very saving because you could reign in every heart."

I will "I wish covetousness envy and lights—allJ/UL butand the Christmas jealousy sit by and hatred and malice and turn outtree—andthe the fire—this way—and watch the could be destroyed."

tree and think about wonderful "I wish that joy and satisfactionDESERET things and be filled with happiness and happiness and cheer could flow and wisdom and the Christmas spirover the world."

it. "I wish that hunger and sorrowNEWS suffering cease."could ''I am the light of the world,''and

quoted Susan softly. "Someday it will—all of it—whenPRESS enough wish it—hard enough. It

'""That star is really lovely, must be with many as it is with us

Bryce. Mother always had an here tonight."

angel on her tree. It looked very "'When you wish upon a star

its wide wings and hair."angel COMMERCIAL beautifulsweet facewithand

like that stuff the Glean- "gRYCE,"thinking—said Sue, "I've been AND EDITION ers"Soundsused for their decorating banPRINTERS AND yourquet. noseIt smartsand itchesyour eyesyourandarms,"tickles would"See,performI told youmiracles."that the firelight

BOOK BINDERS I had"Yes,to I'dwearhateangelto behair—butan angelit'sif false"Quiet!move Offandwithyou'reyourdead!"head! OneSupretty. Do you think our star is big san's voice came lazily from his

for this tree?"shoulder. "I suppose you're trying PAPER RULING enough

"Could be larger, but it's all right. to tell me that it's good to be lightSomehow, to me stars seem just hearted and bad to be lightheaded,

right for Christmas trees. Somenest ce pas?"

time I'd like to decorate our tree "Just because you studied a with nothing else but—smidgen of French, you needn't getrrofeMionai "And throw away all of these fancy with me, my proud beauty!"

lovely things we've bought so as to "Well, I was really going to say, and Social last for years and years? Oh, nicht wahr? Is it too soon to speak

Bryce!"of the German language with affecstaticiionery I like"Juststars.thinkingI likeoutthemloud,in thedarlin'.sky. tion,"TooBryce?"soon for what?"

I like to hunt for the Big Dipper "Too soon after the war. Do you

and point to the North Star. I like to have any real animosity toward that

little sister althing about what my I a had "Not "PHONE 4-5521 pretend that I really know somecountry, Bryce?"'the called consternations.'ways

I time bad saw a there—definitely.bit. Of course, 29 RICHARDS STREET "Did she? My little brother alterrible things. I felt fear and horways called them the 'consolaror. I was nearly always sick in my "

I LAAAAA A A A A A tions.'"Well, they console me all right. don'theart holdand itoftenagainstin mythe body.people.ButCer-

I like Venus, the morning star, and tainly not against the language.

I like falling stars. I even like moonWhy?"

less nights because the stars are so "Christmas trees—fir trees—alsplendid!"ways of Germany. remind me FOR YOUR "I know—the stars of an Arizona never been there, of course, butI'veI /HOIIDAY FUN sky."used to sing, 'O Tannenbaum'in JVllY/ IWAYS POPS "Yes, or at sea. They're wonderhigh school, and I loved it. We had

the most fun in German class of 11ME POP CORN ful at sea, Sue."

"I always loved the story of the any. I'd like to go there some day."

star over the manger. A new star "Where—German class?"

L. D. S. HEADQUARTERS star that shone "You know perfectly well what I IN LAS VEGAS. NEVADA in the heavens. A over the whole world. I wish everymean—Germany."r

YE KINGS REST MOTEL one could look at it tonight.""Some day I want to go. As a

526 SOUTH 5th STREET "If we're in the wishing business, matter of fact, I want to see ChristDr. Harold B. Foutz, Owner I wish everything could be perfect mas in many lands. I would like to H. Foutz, Edgar Manager

Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout everywhere tonight. I wish the spirshare a Danish Christmas Eve,

it of unselfishness—of love and and I would like to poke a Mex834 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ican pinata. I would like to sit

down to a French reveillon and send friends the marvelous Frenchmy SELECTED MUSIC FOR cards.Christmas I would like to go

visiting on English 'Boxing Day'listen see the pantomimesand and I. A. Choruses and Ward Choirs carols.to eat M. the to I would like

Italian Torrone and Russian ConSACRED 4002 Praise WatsonCornwallthe Lord, Oh My Soul—....16

tia."4003.18 the Seek Ye Lord—RobertsCornwall 1 Arise,.10 Shine—Cobb

... Still, Still 1901.12 With Thee—Shelley again! reading "Susy, you've been the CAS104 But Lord Is Mindlul—Mendelof.10 1595 Stranger Galilee—MorrisTreharne.15 ssohn all don't those youI know know 15 421 Spirit of God—Nordman

4001 of Fount Thou Every BlessIs There yourself."Green Hill—Gounod- a bywords 1G 4004 Cornwall Comeing—Arr..15 Cornwall

I are. "Right read and you now Spirit. 1297 Holy Truth Divine—White1061.12 Verdant Meadows—Handel

see them later. Let's go together head 15

sometime, Bryce."465 HeBuckShall Come Down Like1 Rain 15 SECULAR

20 763 Brother 20 "It's a angel. Air—Jacob 100 Hosanna—Leinbachpfohl date, my Christmas

16 81046 Country James'Gardens—Arr.In the meantime, you 1331 how would If ssohnWith All Your Hearts—Mendel10.15 1778 the Comin'Thru Rye—Arr.ReiggerAlexander..

like me to teach you 'Merry Christ5121 In My Father's House—267 Dancing on the Green—Old English...10

1012 It Cannot Be a Strange Countrymas'in all the languages I know?"362 Lo,MacDermidMy Shepherd Is Divine 25 15 Repper

Haydn 12 Kathryn's 1016 Luvas.15

CM616 Lord Hear Our Prayer—Verdi 15... 16 1542 Madame 5874 May 10 Thy Now Spirit—Schuetky Jeanette—MurrayWeddingBrattonDay—Arr. 20 One World—Arr.lish—I"You alreadymean in knowGermanthose."and EngSu-

san's voice was suspicious. C116 O Rest in the Lord—Mendelssohn...15 1088 Rain and the River—Fox.16

640 Praise Ye the Father—Gounod 10 1113 Shortnin'Bread—Arr. Nielson 20

honest. father "No, taught My

in L.D.S. We specialize music. Church copies sent Sample on approval quite delight takesme a few. He in Mail orders filled promptly. Postage prepaid. for Dealers Steinway and Lester...

finding people from other countries pianos, band and orchestra instruments, records, and musicians'supplies.

and getting them to teach him their way of saying it. Want to learn?"

"I do, indeed. But I think what

you are really trying to do is divertmy mind from its wistful longings. Daunes MusicBut go ahead anyway."4S47 Sovvti Main C

"Gisdelig Jul! That's Danish."

"It's easy, too. Of course it means

Glad Yule."

"Bright girl. Now try this. Haus

kaa Joutua—that's Finnish."LIBERAL

"I know the French, Bryce, NoelJoueux—only we always TRADEIN ALLOWANCES enfants."added petites

"Nice addition. In Italy it'sBono Natale, in Portugal Boas UP TO $100.00

Festas and in Spain Felices Pascu* on your OLD REFRIGERATOR as. "What "God Jul—meaning,is the Swedish?"of course, See the New 1949

Good Yule. The Dutch is harderHartelijke Kerstgroeten."GIBSON

about South American?""What is the REFRIGERATOR only one "The I know

Brazilian, Feliz Natala."at

"My, I'm glad I have such a smart husband. I feel so educated. 'Merry LASSIG'S APPLIANCESChristmas'in English, Bryce dear. 26 East First South Salt Lake City, UtahLook at our lovely tree—Germany Phone 5-3427

gave us the idea of Christmas trees so Froehliche Weihnachten too. Oh,

lovely, lovely fir tree. There's always something gay and beautiful building lots Don't miss one word of

THE FORT ON THE FIRING LINEabout Ghristmas and Christmas IN THE SHADOW

Bytrees but something and deep touch- D F B EAUTI FUL Albert R. Lyman over world wholeing, too—the

McLellan Harvey MESACONTACT OWNERTEMPLE 3 Route Box 262 "O Tannenbaum, O Tannen"Mesa, Arizona THE IMPROVEMENT ERAbaum—in

DECEMBER 1948 835 BAPTISM FOR THE DEAD IN ANCIENT TIMES

(Continued from page 788) rowed from the tragedy Hercules when the great key revelations came earliest versions of what eventually Furiens of the pagan Seneca. 38"in just such quick, wonderful sucbecame the medieval Easter drama, Thus in the Odes of Solomon: cession to just such a selected few

the Harrowing of Hell, Satan and and by the ministrations of the same

Death appear as rulers of different And I opened the doors that were closed; heavenly beings. Could Joseph

spheres: in the dialogue between I rent asunder the iron bolts... and Smith have worked that all out?

I to me, since closed nothing appeared retain to Satan begsthem Death sleep to from Apostles awoke The I of everything; the and gate myself was is his in realm, theChrist which with conversing find "two Jesus free all to ones imprisoned to went my

earth, that descend not so he might

I this Elias. I left in bonds; that and and none them, Of so men,"Moses 8*

and cause havoc in the underworld. imparted my knowledge without stint, sowconsummately important discussion

in in the veryThis idea appears seed old ing my first utteris given. their hearts and turning not The a word

. SB.. to me. them wherepseudo-gospel of Nicodemus, is reported on the ance Mount

in Satan, boasting that he has overPeter's ecstatic reaction to what he come Christ on earth, asks Death to Christ would hardly smash the had heard, and the Apostle is demake sure that the Lord's mission is gate if he himself were the gate. scribed as answering someone: no

in frustratedlikewise his kingdom scholarbelow. No less a than The Restoration of All Things merewould Hebraism,have it, foraswethearechurchmentold that

Harnack after prolonged searching and the End of All Things a conversation was already in prog42 thatdeclares of pashe knows no three the ress. mountain the On of the of great plan unfolding '"pHE in "the of Hell"Gatessage which Elias not and Apostles Moses saw of mysteries "the with salvation issignifies of the or realm Satan, allegories, or historic essences, as conheaven"of the was kingdom to devil refer the to himself orused as simply but legends, old lovely

86 of after "gates the a tinued weekto his hosts. also Jesus saw men."They "two the took hell"discussion, Lord when

hell,"of then, gates does dissolve "The glorified, not did he and with him up Peter, and James, John all; devil the at refer 40 tonot though fashion being; of into ocean "The an events the two Mount. onto Thehis snares and wiles might lead men are remarkably alike: there is the of his countenance was altered,"as

sooner or later to their death, dewas his raiment, but he still had a same great care to insure privacy, livering of the destruction "to them raiment, and countenance wore and selected numthe limited and same 5:5; (I Cor. Luke 13:16);the flesh though they Apostles, had been the menthe ber same of participants,his power ends there. The gates of tion of a long and important consleeping, recognized who he was.

did not see the Father, howhell are the gates of hell—the "holdversation, with the same reluctance Theying back"of those who are in the to reveal what was said; in each ever, because, we are explicitly told,

spirit world from attaining the obcase there is an outburst by Peter, a cloud came and "screened"or ject of their desire. mention of a direct revelation from "shielded"them from the sight, as

There is a great wealth of orienthe Father regarding his Son, the was indeed necessary, since they tal legend and liturgy recalling how same strict admonition to secrecy, had already had as much as they4* a divine hero overcame Death in a and the same full and explicit deccould stand and "were sore afraid."

knockdown and dragout contest laration that the message is not goEven if one renders episkiazo "overthe central episode of the famous ing to be accepted by the world at shadow,"as the King James version

Yeardrama"Sometimes the hero that time. 41 The whole thing reof the Bible does, one has but to

smashes the door of the underworld minds one strikingly of the restoraconsider that a cloud can overshadit is beas part of his campaign. Contamination of the gospel in the latterdays, ow an object only when

tion from these sources was sure to tween that object and something occur in the Christian interpretation brighter than itself: if it "overof Christ's mission to the "undershadowed"the Apostles, the cloud,

world,"but as Schmidt has shown Around the World On Christmas brilliant though we are told it was, still off greater a shut have must Christians length, early never theat page 794) (Concluded from It light. just cloud a such by was is traditions: there theconnect two

is cargeneral board School day that at the Ascension Jesus was to fight Christ open goesno when adjustpossible out, ried with some their eyes.""caught from up away release of for the dead; thethe way conditions, local fit in to with ments Is the 1:9.) Father a (Acts God opposition, absolutely nohe meets Christmas. nearest the on Sunday If this not, either cloud? then was the to not have smash doesand the service Sunon sacrament 38 Our else or the misrepresentation, gross a key. since the hasgates, he How is to music and devoted evening day to a provided screen cloud was is are the versionsincompatible two talks. that the glorious presence so Aposearly in accounts thoseapparent

after exceptChristmas, day The tles the sight. could support not The

falls thewhich, characteristically, attempt to ing 26th of December when voice the cloud they through heard combine them. Thus when Prudenon Sunday, is observed as "Boxing was not an inner voice or a rational

tius, the first great Christian poet, Day"or the day to celebrate by goconclusion or the clink of a chain of tells of Christ's visit to the undering to "Bios,"or the beaches or the syllogisms, but something that actuworld, he includes the gatesmash- time to have parties. ally came "out of the cloud"; the

ing episode, derived not from any Both Christmas and Boxing Day voice of the Father did not come, as

Christian source, however, but borare public holidays. it might have, from any other direc836 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

tion but from the same direction as the light, for in this revelation when the most privileged of the Apostles were seeing Moses, Elias, and Christ in their glory as they really Royal Table Queen Bread is a are, they were also allowed to exbody-builder in many ways. It

perience as great a proximity to the real person of the Father as they is enriched with vitamins and could stand. iron and is made with flour of

Is it not strange that in the endhigh protein value. Only maless philosophical speculation that

has gone into forming the creeds of terials of highest quality are

Christendom from Nicaea to the used. A recently developed

present day almost no mention is recipe keeps it fresher from ever made of the one instance in which the true nature of the Godone to three days longer head was plainly revealed? Until

the days of Joseph Smith it appartoently never occurred anyone to vx* scripture value. at its facetake the

IWhy has this most illuminating mm passage of scripture been consistently ignored? Plainly because the

whole episode has not been underROYAL BAKING CQ.—; SALTLAKT;ttevO'DEjN;;;stood. The whole story of the

Transfiguration passes for little more than a theatrical interlude something for plasterers and painters to work on. Yet as the four Two Record Albums for Every IDS Borne

descend from the mountain, their talk is of "the restoration of all things."

explainsThat Moses why SMITH'S was JOSEPH STORY OWN there, for entrusted been to him had account of the Restoration The Prophet's the covenant of the Old Testament, Read by Lynn A. McKinlay of Radio Station KSL

while the mission of Elias, the Lord A documentary recording

Three 12inch records with album.. $4.75

explains, was "to restore all things."

As in their former conversation,

Jesus warned the Apostles to tell no SEVEN IMMORTAL HYMNS

Trials Deep'ning Though My Fatherman what they had seen and heard, O Every Abide Need Thee Hour With Me I and announced again with the greatJoseph Smith's First Prayer The Lord Is My Shepherd est emphasis that the work was to How Great the Wisdom be completely rejected by the world, Specially arranged for and rendered by the even as Elias had been rejected.** It "PROMISED VALLEY"QUARTET

is hardly surprising, then, to find Three 10inch records with album.. $3.95

these same Apostles announcing a few years later that "the end of all At your local book or record dealer, or postpaid direct from things is at hand"(Peter), that "it RECORDING ARTS, INC.

is the last time"(John), and that 19 West South Temple Street Salt Lake City 1. Utah

the Saints should be "an example Utah customers add 2% sales tax.

of suffering affliction"with no hope of rescue save in the world to come (James).*5 What was meant by "all FREE Sample Record PROFITABLE DAYS things"coming to an end? The uni-—revealing how you can be taught singing

verse and heaven and hell were not and speaking by famous teachers through AHEAD FOR

Educational for Records. Write record neither to and an end, coming was

to cover cost of packaging Send postage. and 25 Cents—

itself, the for states that world John QUISH

SIERRA mSTRUCT-0-TOKIS MADRE, is to antichrist just the beginning CALIF GRADUATES take over the church, "whereby we Capitalize on QUISH training You'll now! be a last that it time."is theknow competent beautician when (I LD.S. HEADQUARTERS graduated. proQUISH the the Apostles, 2:18.) For John "IN -with vides PHOENIX * you technical

knowledge and gained antichrist's rule of the is ENROLLbeginning in 24 SEND FOR else the sign that NOW FREEskill has something TODAY1 years.CATALOG MQIOR HOTEL

reached its end, and what can that SCHOOL OF be? "The restoration of all things"v;an'bureM

,5W*!MMi;NG POOL FOR GUESTS BERUTV33.1 SOUTHCULTUREMAIN

{Continued on page 838) RESERVATIONS NECESSARY fOR:W(NTRl: DECEMBER 1948 m 837

BAPTISM FOR THE DEAD IN ANCIENT TIMES

Christ) that are written; plainly not but so much so sixty, (Continued the mands, second from and the third page 837) and

are read, when they they cannot be understood withshall a hundred, fully as expound more we out..."expounder. an things"obviousand "the end of all

ed., Scripturae Migne, Sacrae Cursus 19J.-P. Comtime.49 another you at fulto ly refer the to 823-4, pletus (cf. (Paris, 795-6, 1840) XXI, XXII, same thing—the

that the 106-7) suggests Lord secrecy commanded as fuller of gospel. ness exposition, the The if it was What Elias to lest bis true nature afterwards beholding his men

restored, the antichrist, as the Lord ever written down, has never shoulddeath, "beinglose theiroffendedfaith."byAstheif infirmityall the disciplesof his fleshdid

predicted, put an end to, "until the reached us, and the whole doctrine, notceivingdo thatparticularvery thing,force thewhenlessonit cameof theas resurrectiona rebuke to theretimes of restitution of all things"certainly an important one, has no doubters.Christ withheldMigne thisalso informationgives as his"lestopinionpeopleonly,be thatofat his fended predicted the calling himself in the later (Acts teachings of the the ) as a place of 3:21 by Peter Son God"—

to in the attribute to world Jesus, future event, fulness of the churches, ignorant of as they when the were hated world he because whomlast motivethe concesno made its to prejudices, the whole gospel being a gospel again be to the brought would of offense."great plan of universal salvasions"rock

Peter 3:19; Tertullian, "I c. Anima De 35; 55; tion. 60 "restituthe earth (Peter speaks of

17, The 15; Wisdom of Solomon 10, 7;Enoch Book of

13; 69, tion"and "refreshment") as it had ( To be continued vi, 938): 28; "...St. Jerome.a lowerComment,place inin whichOsee iii,the 13spirits(PL

been in the days of the transfiguraIn the following references "PG"stands areto theirconfined,deserts"either in rest or punishment, according tion. iv, Esdras 35f, vii, 7599; cf. Josephus, Antiq. for the Greek Patcologia and "PL"

18. for the Jud."IV Here it is time to mention a third Latin. 1*Tertull. numerals designate volumes c. 6, Roman of the prison Anima 1. 3De 9: "From

instance in which Christ insisted on and Arabic numerals columns. death,dise."thyHe bloodis speakingis the keyof theof admissionblood of theto allmartyrs,parawith they which It are baptized. has been common secrecy. allegory obvious more vi, No c. 80 with Justin, 664) Dialogue Trypho, (PG all at periods to of the church of speak baptism a*

vi. c. 45 Hd.. 572) (PG gate.""the it face could the of imagined be on ix, vi, 6 *Clem. Alex 272) Stromal (PG 42, 1.19 Sol.

ix, *Ibid., 269 PG cit. 22, the *>Od.nOp. at No. quoted in parable of than the length sower; and (see Schmidt

I, II, Recognitions 1276) 58 Clementine (PG n. below, 565-6 28) pp.

vii, Irenaeus, 2 22, the it IV, Heresies Against treat (PG as the the yet of gospels one c. Ignat. Phitad. Ed. 9; the ad combination same

1047, 259) is in xii Simil. Pastor IX, cf. xvi; Hermae, Clem. & 7 mysteries,greatest of 1. II as 15; this "the 85. of 30. treatment mysBaruch Jewish A vi, Alex. Strom, 6, 46

in Gall, doctrine be found may A. Basileia Von cit. Migne, Thus op. 814: is XXI, "There no thetery of of heaven"kingdom 303-8. (Heidelberg, tou 1926) Theou pp. 'the that hell'doubt gates of refers all to the power 8Ignat. v, Epist. to the Philadelphians 2 V, (PG of the devil,"then cite to in proceeds He support of itself, dithe meaning Lord whose 701) this the only following: Psalm 147:13; 22:17; Gen,

St. the notes Bruno eagerness the of primitive II 24:60; 5:8; Judges Kings 8:37; 106: and to Psalm the onlyvulged he Twelve when salvation the secure Christians "to father a of or a 16, of none refers which "all the of 48 the powers

the hearing mother"died without had who gospel. devil,"but them. In alone every with of gosevery one refers towhich realwas to gates

cliii, in 209. I Expos, Cor. Ep. ad PL and the function of gates.

I, I, pel MClem. 52 version challenge, the Recog. 1236) "he (PG who 12:2629; Matthew Luke 10:18; 11:18; 22: 13:16;

16:1317; 8:2730; 9:1821 "Matthew Luke Mark 31; 3:2327; Mark I 12:31; 14:30; John 16:11; John let ears hath hear!"announcing him to Tasker, the Introduction of Mss. "R.V.G. "An 2:13; 14:4-6; John Ignatius xi, 5:19; Epist. Ephes. ad

the Testament,"Theological Harvard Review 17, 19 New that of great import something has 77. text Such (1948), obscure puizling XLI an and 2611 4:4 Cor.

as 16:1719 Matthew just to be rethe would one 16:11 12:31; John said, follows immediatelybeen upon ceive such helpful treatment. c. Barnabas, 2 27Ep.

von 13See Ad. Harnack, fiber Spruch Petrus "Der is 20:2. thirty, fully of three the subject treated of mention This degrees, Enoch 28Bk

als in Felsen den der Kirche,"Abhandlungen der Carl by Schmidt, }esu seinen Gesprache mit Jiingern

Phil.-Hist. Berlin 1918. Kl. Akad., 368-9. sixty, are hundred. one and They (Leipzig, vol. of u. being 1908), 43 Unter Texte

"Eusebius, Hi. Eccl. Hist. 8, 15; 39, 3 V, Altchristl. d. suchungen zur Gesch. Lit., A. ed. Von

iii, three cit. "the glory,"referof cf. degrees 3-7; 24, I. 21: wOp. Clem. Recog. 547-8, cf. Harnack Schmidt, 285ff. 507, & pp. C things indeed plainly:i"Which were spoken (by op.- cit., 16:11; 12:31; Schmidt, 2John 549, 556, all, ring at to not the only world but

573, Gall, 462, Basil, 571; 290301 tou Theou, pp.

the subject at length to those who have heard the gospel, treats*Matthew Schmidt, 25:41;

understood it, accepted it, brought Thus in the Apostolic Consistutionsop. cit., 548,viii,550,12, 57633

2:16; Romans Christmas List for Europe Psalm 44:21; Jeremiah 23:24; 49:

10; forth fruit, and persisted in paEzekiel 28:2. etc.

tience/ 7 "This is the gradation and (Concluded from page 779) In "Thefolkloreliteraryit is motifno lessis offranklypopularpagan,paganas origin,in Dante.cf.

of Thompson, MotifIndex FolkLiterature to place the other thirteen in this Stitharrangement of those are is who (Bloomington, Ind Gall, Cf. 1934) Basil, G 303.8ff category tou as possible. 290301 Theou. as soon pp. citing says Irenaeus,saved,"a doccit., this in text a of 572 cites Schmidt, op.

in early the as Syrian as 340 Church A.D. trine use attributes he "the which to under Paul c. Mr. thus far, G. virtually dia15; the same Nicodemi. Eoang. pCA

i.e., elders,"is in in those of the logue Ephraim found been a Descensus had and who this carried Hoffman, has forward of century, Tischendorf, C, 3rd von Evangelia 2nd actual of the hearers Apostles: (Leipzig, 38991 1876), of with huge program an organization

cit, n. (supra, 238f. *Op. p. 13)

this of the best general treatment 1,150 employees, I7For muchsome 350 of whom that are those Elders say The who subject, see S. ed. handled Hooke, Labyrinth H. The overseas, are loan 150 are on from (London. 1935) of in shalldeemed worthy abode heaven an

the of kingPhilad. Ignat. Ep. ad 9; the "keys other S. agencies, U. government and there, shall others delights the of enjoygo of of the be 16:19 heavens"would c.Matthew dom

useless hell"of the unless gates preceding "the of shallParadise, others about 650 are on the regular ECA paypossess the and to give their verse Indeed, were dead. up opened

splendor of City; for the the roll. everywhere the first variety of verse of 19 words wide show a

indication in readings the that a strong Mss., with will coal;Savior grains grains seen, bread according as be Bread and they

to Christ shall said, the the give "I also keys you shall to is him. see be that worthy there letter But the of the..."and European heavens, kingdom coal—this

to are references 38 Seneca and aThe is distinction a the habitation of between to 1948. in warmth; Santa and Food given F. E. ChristianLatin Raby, History by of J. APrudentius

those onehundred-fold, produce who and (Oxford. Poetry 70 1937) p. of us those food and warmth. For who

8-18 17, No. Solomon, of *BOdesthat of sixtyfold, those produce who and all items, these precious are and have (Leipzig. Evangelica Synopsis Tischendorf, *C.

that of those thirtyfold; for significant to produce attention the calls who xxxvi, p. 1884) in of is involved too unmindful what this of time event as a the of gospels the of emphasis willthe first into the taken be up heavens,

of the availability, in continuation their shall what we askthe class will 9:2836 in 9:2-13; second 17:1-13; dwell Luke Paradise, former.Mark Matthew

seeking Christmas? cannot Merry 837, explains Scr. Sac. Curs. XXI, Compl. Migne, We last will inhabit the the City;and that and of the equivalent this "Peter as Hebraism, simply a give, sunlight; nor nor soil; photois fails to that 4 this imnote verse an said, the said."on he Lord account "In Only Famy

3. the verse of continuation Even Hebrew either synthesis; to mediate plant nor growth,ther's are house mansions."48 many first for the with "spoke"never uses "answered"

let or bituconsume decay to become if story; Peter he course, in answered, of utterance a

necessarily "spoke,"but means something more. Clement reports that the Lord minous or anthracite basis for warmth. spoke—"answered"it also necessarily means

17:5f.; 9:7; 9:34 Luke Mark friendMatthew of mindful might a But be weordered the to to Apostles preach 17:9-13; 9:9-13; 9:36 Luke "Matthew Mark

its ly, soil, sunlight, universe with warm I 5:7-11 *I 4:7; Peter James Johnthe "for the time world being"no

8:9-10 4:1013; 13:1015; Luke "Matthew Mark2:18; for and, photosynthesis each himand

13:23; Luke 8:15 *TMatthew Markdoctrine that of baptism, of beyond

vii, 4SIren. self, 1221-3) 36 Heresies for of as himself did give V, (PG4:20; he whom 4 Peter iv, says: 3536which "Clem. Recog.

in that Christmas order named, was

St. the of scouts idea Augustine Thus "many

is of there that but noting house one not troubled with mansions,"be such a kind world therefore the first step of Be this to you ol there salvation: are degrees one no and but God

three; step brings thirty warrings turmoils., fourth which and human comsalvation, xliv, 503, 518, 520 ii, PL Anima De

838 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

Vki6 Wjontk Witk CHURCH PUBLICATIONS Select Your Piano Now for

The Instructor.. Christmas Delivery]

"Desides the regular features, the December issue of The Instructor con- A Small Deposit Holds Any tains the full texts of addresses by

President David O. McKay, former SPINETTE or GRAND!

general superintendent of the Deseret

Sunday School Union, and Earl J.Glade and Adam S. Bennion, members iHasntt $c Hamlin—GUftrkmng

of the present general board. These

addresses were a part of the semiJlitriti2?r

annual Sunday School conference held If you live out of town write in for FREE BOOKLET on piano

October 3, 1948.

The cover picture is of Zina Y. you are interested in

Card, and there is an accompanying EASY TERMS biographical sketch.

Much of the space allotted to the library department is devoted to questions often asked by Sunday School Glen Bros. Music Co.

librarians as they start to build or imSalt Lake Est. 1907 Ogden

prove present libraries for use by Sunday School teachers.

The Children's Friend...

Abounding in stories, handicrafts suggestions, and articles, the

Christmas number of The Children's

Friend will be a delight to young folk.And the authors are those that have WINTER TERM

long rung a bell with old and young:

beginsElsie Chamberlain Carroll, Jane Renshaw, Elizabeth Duane, J. Spencer

Cornwall, Alice B. Woolf, Abbie H.

Wells, Betti Williamson—and many Monday, January 3

others who do a right good job of laying the right kind of foundation for There is a continued strong holiday fun. If you don't believe so, demand for trained office

listen tp these titles: His Brother's

Keeper, Top of the Tree, The Young workers. If you are planning a civil service

Shepherd, One Child's Christmas, A or business career, let us tell you about the

Threeday Christmas, White Satin, The opportunities waiting here.

Tree Horse, Fun with Color, Timely

Tips, Books for Christmas. Inquiries welcome at any time.

Write for free literature The Relief Society Magazine..

issue features December'"Phe an ar- L.D.S. BUSINESS COLLEGE ticle George Albert by President

Smith, Living to Enjoy the Blessings of 70 North Main Salt Lake City, Utah the Lord. There are also several articles and stories that emphasize the

Christmas theme: Aprons for ChristDECEMBER 1948 ADVERTISERS

mas by Alice Willardson, Christmas

Presents Can Be Different by Elizabeth AllisAmericanChalmersPopcorn Company 813834 McClellan,L.D.S. BusinessHarveyCollege 839835

.......826 Miller 820 Company Honey Auerbach's Letter ChristmasWilliamson, by Grace

833 Milk Morning Company Music Beesley Company

Inside front cover Mountain Fuel Supply Squire,—824Cover Beneficial Company ThisR. Ear Lean Your Way Company...,—Back National Bible 822 Press 828 Bookcraft LifeCompanyInsurance Schow, andby Then Came Iris W. 782 Lines 810 Overland University Greyhound Brigham Young

Christmas by Grace A. Woodbury. ConnsonataClawson, Vida Fox 825821 PurityRecordingBiscuitArtsCompany 837777

The serial Questing Lights concludes in Covey's Coffee Shop...810 Rogerson's Music Company 820

this issue. The frontispiece, The DeseretDaynes MusicBook CompanyCompany 781, 831835 QuishRoyal BakingBeauty CompanySchool 837837

Rudin - 834 John Press & Company. News ChristieChristmas Dream by Lund Deseret

Salt Lake Costume 837 '. 830830 Company. Court Motor El Rancho

is delightful.Coles, Additional poetry Milk Sego 820 Company 812 Farnsworth, Dewey

adds a flair to the magazine which conFelsGeneral& CompanyPetroleum Corporation 811780 TriStateStevens andLumberWallis, Inc 824825

Fire Insurance 839 Utah 831 Home Music Brothers Company Company Glen the lessons regulartains features and

Association Mining - Utah Hall's 828—832 Remedy

additional asas well information of Oil Refining Utah 833 Hotel Company 830 Utah

Materials Photo Utah 829 Milton Hunter, 827 Company R editorial,interest. The Heavens The S> Light Utah Power Company. 837 Instruct-O-Tones.". 832

. 782 Sea Corporation Food Camp Van Company Kolob 779 theDeclare Glory, is the work of

Publishing Weston Company Hotel 832 Inside back. cover Lankershim P. Crawford.Vesta Rest Kings Motel Appliances Ye 834 835 Lassig's

DECEMBER 1948 839 &WL

Vaudois Records Microfilmed The unity of these people, the devotion to their God, has been a most inspiring experience for me. I have also been so

happy in having my four children join in the marvelous

Christian program the Latterday Saints have for their children.A week ago someone lent me your magazine, The ImproveARCHIBALD ment Era, and I found it most helpful.

F. Sincerely,

BENNETT Ruth Rames Munson

Provo, Utah Dear Brethren:

"VT'ou have been doing a marvelous job on the Era. It is a

* magazine which I enjoy reading. In fact I like it so well

that I read article have every single in every issue from Octo Archibald F. Bennett whose article, "Vaudois Records tober 1942 September 1946, except one issue which was lost.

Microfilmed,"appears on page 790, holds a master's degree I will finish that one, soon, too.

in history from the University of Utah. Long associated with Now I am attending Brigham Young University and don't

genealogical matters of the Church, he was appointed execuhave as much time for reading it, but I am still following the tive secretary and librarian of the Genealogical Society of same policy, because it is a magazine that can appeal to all the Church in September 1928. He became a member of the people regardless of their likes or dislikes.

general board of the Deseret Sunday School Union on August May God bless you in your good work.

20, 1940. (signed) Donald Voss

Early in November he returned from his third trip abroad since war hostilities ceased. During each trip he made con- (Birmingham, England)

tacts for the microfilming of genealogical records for the in conducted projects are Microfilming now being Church. Herstal, Liege, Belgique

HolFinland, Norway, Denmark, England, Sweden, Wales, Dear Editors:

investigating Italy. also been land, and He has reading the the posVSThile this Golden book Nuggets of Thought Switzerland, sibilities microfilm in Germany, of programs V V morning, this fine little across is quotation, I came "Prayer and France.

spiritual to passport It power."occurred the time to me at Revisited,"appeared in the January the "The Vaudois A story,

if is that prayer to the passport then power, clean Era. 1948 Improvement

living certainly must the visa. be missionaries who spiritualWe now in Europe, and those of us who are still waiting in arethe

Baptism for the Dead in Ancient Times Eastern States Mission or at home, to come to Europe, have found that having a passport doesn't give us full authority to travel in the countries included in the French Mission. One

needs the visa, too. It might be added that without a passport, obtaining a visa would be pretty much out of the question.

Sincerely, A French Missionary HUGH Norman Carl Ahern, Jr.

NIBLEY, Ph.D.

Victoria, Texas Dear Editors:

here, down have few contacts with we A WAY Church mem- *"* bers. are sixteen There just members, three families, and

a dearWe sister,also havea typicalfour lovingdear grandmotherfriends who tomeetus all.with us and

each one reads all rereads and gets in he to keep touch with series, for the definitive "Baptism Nibley, whose Hugh the Church. Missionaries here come each second to Sunday curof the begins in 787 Times,"Ancient on page Dead help in us along our of the study gospel. is student, of a issue a product Mormonism, rent thorough a

truly appreciate its Improvement with The We rays Era the of late Nibley President Charles of the grandson W. of it hope counsel. is and us inspiring. most To filling in the SwissGerman First After Presidency. a mission

Mission, he received his Bachelor of Arts degree from the Very gratefully yours,

University of California at Los Angeles in 1934, and went on Sidney B. Arnold

to receive his Doctor of Philosophy degree in ancient history -*- from the University of California at Berkeley in 1938. He

taught at the "sunwashed expanses of Claremont Colleges, As the man was twisting his radio dial, he felt a sudden

California,"until called into the armed forces of World War sharp pain in his back.

II, where he became a member of the 101 A/B Division. He "Oh,"he cried, "I think I'm getting lumbago."

is now Associate Professor of History and Religion at "Why bother to listen?"asked his wife. "You won't be able

Brigham Young University, the Church university, at Provo, to understand a word of it."

Utah, having joined that faculty in 1946. -$-

Hotel Keeper: "Here are a few views of our hotel for you

Glendale, California to take with you, sir."

November 1, 1948 Guest: "Thanks, but I have my own views of your hotel."

Dear Editors:

I Diner: "Waiter, the portions seem to have got a lot smaller attending last Church, months your have been few THE diflately."experience, quite wonderful found it a and have and

Waiter: illusion, "Just an optical res- I to another experienced in belonging the coldness ferent from

taurant has been enlarged, they years. I Glendale came church to the West look smaller—that'ssir. Now thatall."the for many Ward of

a complete stranger, and I cannot begin to tell you of the warmth, and cordiality I experienced. So many people came "Oh, yes,"said Mrs. LowellCabot, proudly, "we can trace

to me and shook my hand. I did not feel alone but as though our ancestors back to—to—well, I don't know exactly who,

I belonged, and had at last found my friends and my church. but we've been descending for centuries."

840 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (jJfouuL do idswUu XDJ7UL pWJfL?

by Joseph H. Weston

is little a charming philosophical essay that intensely book—a HERE interesting to anyone has himself asked who questions about will philosophy—andprove not? has who scientific a line Through of reasoning, the author reaffirms man

kind's faith in God. You'll chuckle, when you read about the old nanny goat who knew

her plane geometry, and you'll smile broadly when you learn of the prehistoric man who took refuge from a prehistoric beast in a prehistoric tree. But when you have

laid this little book aside, you will tell yourself that you not only have enjoyed one of the finest evenings of your life at home, but have obtained a new view on the relationship of Man to his Creator, and have reached a higher level of appreciation of the meaning of life.

The book costs only FIFTY CENTS from your favorite bookstore, or postpaid from the publisher. It contains 32 pages,

and is paperbound in an attractive cover of bright daffodil yellow with deep maroon lettering. You'll treasure this one,

and reread it many times!

100,000 COPIES!

ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND COPIES of "These Amazing Mormons!"have been sold in less than eight months, to

make this book by Elder Joseph H. Weston one of the fastestselling publications on the subject of the Latterday Saint—

people. The author was not a member of the Church when he

wrote the Book. Missionaries throughout the Church have found this publication to

be an invaluable aid in explaining the Gospel to outsiders, and to serve as a startingpoint for Gospel conversations. The files of the publisher contain more than a thousand letters from Church leaders, missionaries, and others who have attested to the

value of "These Amazing Mormons"in reaching a great new group of people with the

Gospel. There must be a reason for this widespread and rapid acceptance of such a

work. Twenty thrillinglywritten, factfilled chapters describe many parts of the

Church: Meeting the Mormons; the Holy Books; Capital of Mormondom; Industrial

Adaptation; Church Organization; the Priesthood; Relief Society; Church Welfare

Program; the Word of Wisdom; Business, Labor and Politics; Architecture; Education; Missionary System; Propaganda; the Family; Sunday School; Primary; Young

People; the Temple; and Polygamy. If you haven't read it, then you are missing a

wonderful experience. If you send it to all the members of your family who haven't

come into the Church, then you are using a very effective means of explaining the reasons why you think and live as you do among the Saints. This book has gone

onto newsstand sale to the general public in eleven western states. One distributor, alone, is selling 10,000 copies every month, mostly to nonMormons! Indeed,

there MUST be a reason. Ask for the book "These Amazing Mormons!"at your

nearest bookstore or newsstand. If they do not have it yet, order directly from the

publisher. The book is paperbound. The price is ONE DOLLAR, postpaid.

We offer a 40% discount on both these hooks, in lots of 10 or more of either title, to any organiraise funds for any worthy purpose. You may weton publishing co. zationsend which desires to sell them at a profit to a check with your order at the wholesale price,

P. O. Box 626 orto youif youon desireopen account.we will he Severalglad to hundredsend the groupsbooks

Salt Lake City, Utah invitealreadyyouhaveto jointakenthemadvantageand shareof thisthe offer.profits Wefor

your local organization.

MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED!

"ttj? atiW stars gn bjj.. /'

And in all the dark streets of the world new hopes and prayers will rise when Christmas dawns, for upon that day the Christ Child was born.

This is an opportune time to work anew for peace on earth, goodwill to men... for the day when

all mankind may rejoice with the carolers

as "the silent stars go by."

':i l

mAW'AM'W George Albert Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah