#||SA*

VllmprouemenfiEra

"W $$$ ',

RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Join th -andNIGHT EMBLEM!Get NEW

\d LITERARY "SCREWJAY"—He's a Sfe.

dream walking. Why should little

things like cars and lights interrupt him?..."Screwjays"—heedless pedestrians—cause 10% of all Stopand-Go

driving, to say nothing of accidents.

SLOWMOTION "SCREWDRIVER"—Wake him up, the light's green!...

By the time he gets going, the drivers behind are caught behind another ''red'... Remember, your engine uses 3 times

as much gasoline in low and second gears as in high—when you have to

stop, you pay!

JP* &>

A

*'-"'.;;***<

Crusade against "SCREWDRIVERS'and "SCREWJAYS"who cause 35% of all Stopand-Go driving. t$tr

Shell's Highest R results from R P down on "Screwdrivers"CRACK persingle "balancing"Join the process—no and "Screwjays"!

Sharethe-Road Club at your Shell formance quality is emphasized at dealer's today. He'll attach the new the expense of others. There's no

1940 Day and Night Sharethe- "robbing Peter to pay Paul."

Road Emblem to your car FREE! With new SuperShell or new Shell

And for the Stopand-Go you Premium in your fuel tank and a can't avoid, Shell brings you two Sharethe-Road Emblem on your you're doing car, gasolines. New SuperShell NEW about Get yours FREE something have the Shell Premium and new

RoadPerformance highest Rating Stopand-Go! at SHELL DEALER'S in Shell history. (R P R)

a of measure is true the P R R Sharethe-Road 1940 The new car. in your performance SHELL gasoline's night. shines and day emblem startfaster means "Highest RPR"and "Screwdrivers"Warns antihigher pickup, faster ing, car your Gives "Screwjays."all in "go"and power more knock, into your Drive extra that It means speeds. all at gears, in the enroll Shell protection.dealer's—gasolines, Shell these new of either he'll put Club—Sharethe-Road of cost the cuts class, iff"price its in FREE. car your on the emblem y than drastically more Stopand-Go

the fuel it succeeded.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1940 1940 SUMMER SESSION at the

UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

Opens June 10, Closes July 19 Numerous wellknown national educators, together with resident faculty members, will conduct graduate and undergraduate classes in various divisions of the

College.

Prominent Visiting Faculty

ART AND MUSIC: ENGLISH:

RALPH M. PEARSON, New York City DR. J. DUNCAN SPAETH, University of Wichita

NORVAL L. CHURCH, Teachers College,

Columbia University, New York PHILOSOPHY:

DR. LORIN F. WHEELWRIGHT, Music Supervisor DR. E. E. ERICKSEN, University of Utah

in Salt Lake City Schools PHYSICAL EDUCATION:

EDUCATION: WILLIAM R. LaPORTE, University of Southern

DR. ERNEST G. OSBORNE, Teachers College, California

Columbia University, New York City DOROTHEA SPAETH, Wichita, Kansas

G. OTT ROMNEY, Washington, D. C.

INDUSTRIAL EDUCATION:

HARRY E. WOOD, Indianapolis, Indiana ETHICS:

H. W. TEICHCROEW, St. Paul, Minnesota DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE

RALPH BARTON, Corpus Christi, Texas DR. FRANKLIN L. WEST

JOHN F. FRIESE, State College, Pennsylvania

R. E. FIELDS, Denver Public Schools COACHING SCHOOL:

ASAEL FISHER, Provo, Utah CARL SNAVELY, Cornell University, Ithaca,

C. W. GALLOWAY, Logan, Utah New York

DON SHOUP, Logan, Utah HOWARD HOBSON, University of Oregon

DAILY LECTURE PROGRAM

PROFESSOR EDWARD DAVISON, Literature DR. M. H. GRAHAM, Political Science

DR. J. D. SPAETH, Literature PROFESSOR RALPH M. PEARSON, Art

DR. ERNEST G. OSBORNE, Education

and others REGULARLY SCHEDULED POST SESSION

July 22 to August 16

Request a Catalogue UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

LOGAN, UTAH

(DoyoubJitwiv—

Which language is the most rapidly /llmproocmentlEra spoken? 1 95

'The Glory of God is Intelligence"What members of the Church in

Finland have to say about condiGrant, J. Heber tions there? 198APRIL. 1940 Widtsoe, John A.

said, alcoholic 4 use of "The 43 NUMBER Who VOLUME Editors is liquors never considered to be L. Evans, Richard

aviator"? the 200 by Editor Managing "THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"

Marba C. Josephson, What is being done to foster hymnOFFICIAL PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, OF THE ORGAN singing Associate in the Editor 203 Church?

ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

Morris, Mgr. General George Q. COMMITTEE, EDUCATION, MUSIC MENT OF WARD the In Prophet what Jomanner Associate Cannon, Lucy Mgr. G. TEACHERS, CHURCH AGENCIES OTHER OF THE AND revision his of seph Smith Orton, Business made Mgr. K. J. OF SAINTS. JESUS OF CHRIST LATTERDAY

Bible? the 206

Why the Church has never pubJohbL d(L Qontsmib lishedthe Bible?the Inspired Revision of 206

What the Cache Regional StoreJhsL frtiltfiA (pogsL house has accomplished in the

Dividends in Human Values Heber J* Grant 205 Church Welfare Plan? 210

What seemingly improbable things despite incredulour happen Ji&otuMA. farreaching with what tfAuAch. doity—and

t.211 consequences Revision of the Bible The Inspired

Sidney B. Sperry and Merrill Y. Van Wagoner 206 How "Prohibition"daily affects our

lives? 212 Evidences and Reconciliations—XXIV—Should Latterday

Saints Play Cards? John A. Widtsoe 225 The true story of the "Water

Churchwide Hymn Singing Mutual Messages: Hole"? 21

Fostered 203 Executives 237 How a colonel in the English army was moved to leave off a certain M MenGleaners 237 Regional Cache Storehouse, O. habit? 215 237 bad. 210 Gleaners H. Budge

find expect you to 237 Explorers What may

EnthusiFamily of BeeHive A inside an Indian Keva? 218 239 Juniors

asts, Elizabeth 219 H. Welker Girls 239 BeeHive influenced BeeHive has work How 223 Church Moves On Field 238 Photos activities the certain of a mother

Priesthood: AntiLiquor-Tobacco Campaign: and her seven daughters? 219

200 Aviation Alcohol 230 and Melchizedek the That Spoken "The from Word"

AntiLiquor-Tobacco Aaronic 233 Column is Tabernacle broadcasts Choir 23 230, Teaching 235 Ward available printed in form?..222 now

Review....235 236 Page Music Wisdom Word of

last the were of European Who SpsumL J'Sudwi&A, missionaries to presidentsarrive in andthe missionUnited

Concentration Jack Sears 208 States? 223

The Importance of the Improbable Harvey Fletcher 211 Whatshouldattitudeadopt Latterdaytoward cardplay-Saints

Prohibition Ray M. Russell 212 ing? 225

A Blind Boy's Accomplishments Jean McCaleb 214 What series of articles on the

Pilgrimage Betty Noble 215 Aaronic Priesthood is being re-

A Tale of the Yukon S- H. Cooke 216 published in the Era? 233

bemajor are improvements to Visit Flake Indian S. 218 What an Eugene Keva My installed ing in the Salt Lake

the Exploring Universe, Frank222 the Book Rack On Tabernacle? 241

lin S. Harris, of 195 Jr Homing: Romance The

Telefacts 197 Dishwashing, J. Ellen Baker..226

Letters from Finland 198 The Cook's Corner, Barbara EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL

Aviation and Alcohol 200 B. Burnett 226 OFFICES:

The Growing Up of Skeezix 201 Index to Advertisers 242 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah.

1940. by Inc.. Mutual Funds, a Corin Utah's Dixie, Landmark A Your Page and Ours 256 Copyrightporation the Young ImproveMen's Mutual 202 A. Pendleton Mark ment Associationof the Church Jesus Christ of of

of Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subfcdj&pdnhu scriptionsingle copy.price. $2.00 a year, in advance; 20c

The General Conference 224 Utah,Enteredas secondclassat the Post matter.Office, SaltAcceptanceLake City.for

Antidote for Cynicism Richard L. Evans 224 mailingfor in sectionat special1103.rateActof ofpostageOctober,provided1917, The News of the Day Richard L. Evans 224 authorized July 2, 1918.

is not responsible Enthusiasm...Marba C. Josephson 224 forTheunsolicitedImprovementmanuscripts,Era but conwelcomes

tributions. All manuscripts must be accompanied

by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

The Blue Stone—A Short Short Story Ralph Margetts 209 NATIONAL ADVERTISING

The Water Hole Lucy G. Bloomfield 213 REPRESENTATIVES

Women Must Wait Helen Hooper 220 Francis M. Mayo, Salt Lake City

Edward S. Townsend, San Francisco Frontispiece: Conference, HanRetreat, Katharine N. Kendall....2 17

na F. Davis 204 Rebirth, Edith Cherrington 220 MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF

Like the Brave Heart, Helen Poetry Page 221 CIRCULATIONS

Maring 214 Scriptural Crossword Puzzle 254

JhiL Qov&A. A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY

This study by Jeano Orlando brings with it the reviving strength of April. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

a "U"-shaped channel to give a two- A new X-ray apparatus can show a hundredfoot clear channel for ships. ** car owner where and why a puncture or blowout may occur, without retires. the the the X-rays moving By lamps a billion incandescent Almost

tires breaks, for examined be may ** durin the United States were sold nails, bruises, stones, etc.

ing the last year. +-

4 44 /iants"often occur in the natural -* feet five hundred is beetle world. rhinoceros The By Franklin S. Harris, Jr. is in the Gulf long. to five four inches There from "D isingaboveninethethousandocean floor

is discovered of a peak newly Alaska outtropics giant spider of the a whose that devised been has camera A NEW Surveythe Geodetic and Coast eight by legs stretched span normally** rate pictures at will of the take is still this of the top mountain but of can inches. bat species A Malayan picone thousand twenty hundred and five the feet under almost thousand its feet. five spread wings

in fastesttures This camera a second. Pacific the surface of Ocean. 197) page (Concluded on

the world was designed especially to study electric arc flashes, which are so bright no glass lenses are needed. Instead, one thousand holes a hundredth

of an inch in diameter serve as lenses in a revolving drum which rotates one hundred and twenty revolutions a second, with the holes arranged so that no two holes are exactly opposite each other and no two come into photographic position at the same time.

Ts the tomato a fruit or a vegetable?

Botanically it is a fruit, but a Supreme Court decision of 1893 said itwas a vegetable. Ssrrf

HPhe oftrepeated comment by one listening to a foreign language is that the foreigners seem to speak so fast. This seems to have some basis in

fact for Englishspeaking listeners. A

philologist reports that French is the most rapid language in the world, with - tnav > true** - Ask ao""- - fifty syllablesthree used hundred - ht uS and a sell Pr. Agreement. regard experience d howminute. is spoken about three Japanese and Jj*JJgJ f

hundred and ten syllables, German two

English onlyhundred and fifty and s*3SK3* SaaggSsrs twenty. Certain andtwo hundred

Polynesians say only about fifty sylThe dealer or"a used > ompanyowned Dr lables a minute in their ordinary conCoMPA version. sss&hInternationa incorporaied)Tn some cases of caffeine poisoning

is perception sensory the so increasthe slightest that acute youred touch causespain. wOWN

TLJow soon do springs get tired or faNAME HRj * tigued? A berylliumcopper spring

can be exercised fifteen billion times, compared with the ordinary phosphorbronze's four hundred thousand.

A new monster floating bridge is being built across Lake Washingiston Seattle. to feature unusual The Q pickupthat floating there over portion is a Panel COMPANY HARVESTERsix feet half long a and thousand which body Stoke Q Ayewill carry highfour-lane express a MicVug** body Wl.,0O Grain \ SON. q * interested floating is sectionway. of I am The made hauNnfl Stock %|-i*. G*.: q identicalten specially a used twelve and buying.d o.y body Q Heovy three pontoonsshaped almost hundred. checked:. Wpe 5; and fifty fiftynine feet long, feet wide,and

and fourteen and a half feet deep. Each NAME.

section is made of dense concrete ADDRESSweighing three hundred and fifty tons yet with such a system of compartments that a ninetymile wind and four lanes of twentyton trucks would sink the pontoons less than two feet deeperin the water. There is also one movable INTERNATIONAL TRUCKS

pontoon which can be telescoped into

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1940

You get smarter appea and greater value from f

BERKSHIRE HOSIERY

lovely new spring shades

in 3 and 4 thread weights,

only 79

There are 274 manufacturers of fullfashioned

hosiery in America, yet every tenth woman wears

Berkshire Stockings.

1. The exclusive "Berktwist"process, developed and patented by Berkshire gives you sheer beauty, exquisite fit and

thrill ing economy through longer wear. 2. Berkshire's 51 -gauge construction means more silk, more elasticity,

more sheerness and more wear... it assures you hosiery of the highest quality possible. 3. Berkshire leads in

construction features bringing you Invisible Ravelstop, Deeper Garter Welt and Heel Cup, Dureel, Ringtoe, Durotoe,

Forward Arch and many more. 4. Berkshire, the world's largest fullfashioned

silk stocking mill has more inspection and examining equipment in operation

than at any other mill. 5. Berkshire Stockings go through 27 inspections to

make sure they are flawless before boxing. They are guaranteed as advertised

in Good Housekeeping.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1940

T i E F A C WORLD'S KNOWN COAL RESERVES MAKE QUALITY the Keynote of CANADA-1<361 BU.LION UROPE864V BEAUTIFICATION

U.S. A.-4.231"BILLION TONS

IOCEANIA188 AFRICA & S.AMERlCA36 (COMBINED:

Science ServicePictorial Statistics, inc. 1-5

two and onehalf miles in fifteen minExploring The Universe utes by making eighteen thousand wing (Concluded from page 195) beats,weight carryingbut alsonotits onlyburden.its ownProfessorbody

HPhe earth is gaming about one hunBentler, by measuring the sugar in the

A dred thousand long tons a year in bee's blood at different times, has found weight from the meteors, mostly only that the work and flight capacity of of dust size, which strike it. the bee depends on the sugar content Beauty always pays its way...

of the blood. When the honey stomach, whether it's the home or the

TPhe hurricane of 1831 at Barbados which supplies sugar, is empty the bee neighborhood that you plan to is one lead weighing lifted It fly of piece a exhausted. as long only can Provided, brighten. renovate and

fifty it and carried pounds sugar; as often thehundred has and hence has bee wisely that of course, you plan

mile; piece another of third a for to nourishment. stopit a

weighing four hundred pounds was 4 and use quality materials.

carried within a hundred feet of this The blue whale develops five hundistance. The wind velocities of hurridred horsepower swimming at The criterion of quality in PAINT

canes have been measured as high as twentyseven knot speed through the is LASTINGNESS and permaone hundred and fifty miles an hour water. nence of color. FULLER Paint

for a fiveminute period, and gusts may 4 gives you both. Ask your local

reach as high as two hundred and fifty Ceals can swim under water for six Fuller Paint dealer for printed in the most violent storms. or more minutes, and in one redecorative suggestions. They're

* ported case for fifteen minutes, withfree!

Cince bees have no liver to manufacout coming up for air. An analysis of

** ture and distribute carbohydrates seal muscle has shown that since it Besides protecting you with gento supply the blood with sugar for encontains about seven times as much uine quality, FULLER Wallpapers ergy, the problem of how bees renew haemoglobin as beef muscle, the seal offer you an endlessly wide range their usedup energy has been unancan store a large oxygen reserve in the of bright colors and authentic patswered until recently. The bee can fly muscles. terns. The new spring creations

are thrilling. See them!

Dealers Everywhere TEiEFACT S. A. BEER PRODUCTION IN U. P. CO* FULLER A AVERAGE) W. (MONTHLY

PAINT GLASS WALLPAPER——

Salt Lake City, and Ogden, Utah H

2,722,984 BARRELS 1936 FULLR

4,001,102 PAINTS

Science ServicePictorial Statistics, Irtc 8-1?

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1940

FOR DINNER

TONIGHT...

A Spring TasteThrill

with THREE DIAMONDS CRABMEAT

IN COCKTAILS—Family and

guests alike love the tangy, satisfying flavor of crab cocktails when you serve the tender juicy leg segments of

Three Diamonds Crabmeat. There's LEFT TO RIGHT: ELDER DON A. 0RT0N, SISTER VIOLA RONNKVIST (MEMBER), MAGNUS STROMBERG,

no finer preface to springtime suppers. SVENTHE FARMSTROMBERGOF SISTER(MEMBER),ANNA STROMBERG,BROR STROMBERG,LARSMO,SISTERFINLAND,ANNALATESTROMBERGSUMMER (MEMBER).OF 1938. TAKEN ON

IN SALADS—Fresh Spring vegetables combine with the deep sea tang

of Three Diamonds Crabmeat to create appetitetickling a delicious salad. LETTERS FROM FINLAND is This tender pinkwhite crabmeat

so luscious... so full of the sparkSpringfield, Illinois, sionaries who have visited us these last

ling savor of the sea. Try it tonight. Editor of The Improvement Era. few years. And if some of them had

IN PREPARED DISHES—Three LastawaitedMondayletterI fromreceivedthe Saintsan anxiouslyin FinbeenforgottenremindedFinland,of ourtheylandhaveduringcertainlythese

land. is it part service so of serve. to Diamonds in the easy As And my times. troublous

itself Swedish lends Mission to latter I spent variety the such part a of temptof be rather quiet here if it "It would the different ingly of in summer dishes! the locality 1938 your Treat of

family to all the savory goodness of Jakobstad and its farming suburb, Larsmo, were not for these big 'birds'that the Giant King Crab, packed fresh Finland. It is in Larsmo that our ten greedily circle over our town. Yesterat sea aboard modern floating canmembers organized a branch. They were day, the last day of the year, we again

neries. engaged principally in farming and fishing. had an airraid alarm in Jakobstad. As

also (There were old two members nothing in yet, has happened however, this Ask. label for Helsinki, a family of Saints near and Abo, city quite south here. Another a way

1 in Elder Vasa.) at grocers'today. an your 'birds'the object of of here was the letters are The from Viola Inga and Ronnkvist and their cousin Vera Stromyesterday. We could hear the bombs

berg. As you see by their names, these very plainly as they fell. In some places

young sisters, as well as all the other memthe windows rattled every time any of bers there, are of Swedish extraction. these pleasant 'playthings', which the

These communities lying as they do on countries so commonly send each other, the coast, west halfway of up the Gulf fell. fearful to But them. hear It was

Bothnia, thus far 1, had (January 1940) I are without can say we the escaped deadly droppings of the Russpirits here. our keep must calm sian girls'exaggerationWe birdsof-war. description The

of the present scene strikingly contrasts high; otherwise one isn't able to go

with my impression of it. I shall always through everything that is happening.

remember the bushed summer countryside "Bror is also at the front, as well as

birch, white fields; ripened grain the and all there. Perwill well THREE with its pattern of placid lakes, silent pines, my other two brothers. I hope that with them go DIAMONDS

bright, tranquil serene, days and white it feels understand can haps you how Brand Fancy nights. there people especially The were dear near to are and those have who friendly. kind and a bore Every member CRABMEAT fervent testimony and was worthy of the to you out in the battle. Everything

designation "Latterday Saint."else can fail, but not God. Whatever

I am including an almost complete transhappens, high above it all is God, who lation of their letters. (I believe the transhas power to preserve and protect. If

is lation accurate one. an For seven months I that glad have knew you I am how

prior to our evacuation last from Sweden this the accept to opportunity received

I labored as assistant September translatorBE INDEPENDENT if only peothe Gospel! Oh, of the I Mission. Swedish present Other Vocation so Profitable At No am wonderful

it. I write Yes, could ple accept would laboring in as president branch Springfield,

ENROLL NOW Illinois.) much, but I shall close with heartiest

For a Complete Course at the Respectfully, greetings!

Elder Don A. Orton. "P. S. Perhaps by the time you reQuish School of Beauty Culture From Sister Vera Stromberg ceive this it will be quieter for us here,

The Best in the West "If you knew how good it feels to or perhaps by the time we receive your 336340 S. Main, American Blag., know we are not forgotten although we answer."

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH are so far from other members! From Sister Viola Ronnkvist

For Further Information "Oh, how glad we were that you all "... I hope you have had a peaceful

or Catalog Call arrived safely in America.... I can Christmas holiday with many good

Wasatch 7560 or understand how it felt to see the Statue meetings.... Christmas used to be

Fill in This of Liberty rise higher and higher before the time of joy and peace, but we

Coupon your eyes as you approached your hardly know of anything like that now.

homeland. "Air raid alarms, bombings, sorrow,

"There have been quite a few mis- (Concluded on page 255)

IS SWEETER A \ /jfrJik.LIFE

With M1CR0P Income

. '.'etched - te - drive, and the mules, w*h-ir-h, forty o* fc special Inexpensive sieves and 40 (Above), crew, MODEL P combme past, giant o{ horiion it quick, equip adjustments to handle of any the onecrop rs was Snch w ana small... tractor with your own and power kings 102 crops—inthe-field wheat its with

takeoff. shelling Rubber contacts. Closecutting header. romance a new Today Capacity acre an hour. up to 1

in adventure safer *AHUrn-j.com. J

HARVESTERYou. tWf1TKS5? MODEL60 needs 60no (lowerauxiliaryLeft)motor.Like OversizeModel 40,threshingprairie Modelrear

every foot of rt - * J. fart*, J- handlessaved withheavyhaygrowth.tools. PickupStraw goesattachmentthrough whole,availableeasilyfor

soilanc and windrowed crops. Full width 5-foot cylinder. legumes -and grains, -:..* beansbean seeds,. aiversified./.j

* old *** The it! e try ahead, Go handles HARVESTER HILLSIDE MODEL 60 'CROP or wee,- lodged or standing... rubber.cushioned

its separation,"975.: SORTO Factory ALL"finder, BIG F.O.B. ***. HARVESTER,W *""with s \**ZmU- *

mt. m I COMPLETE WITH AUXILIARY MOTOR It's true! A real hillside AllCrop Harvester... at a price

you can afford! New hydraulic header lift, selfleveling

cleaning shoe, rollerbearing straw rakes, special ribtread hillside tires. Operates with smaller tractors—up to 30

degree slope!

FOR FLAX—NEW RUBBER ROLLER

ATTACHMENT Mounts in front of the cylinder, crushes bolls. Proven

96 percent efficient, equal of special highpriced flax equipment, yet costs only a few dollars.

ALUSCHALMERS MANUFACTURING CO.

Dept. 83, Tractor Division, Milwaukee, Wis.

Gentlemen: Send FREE books as checked. I farm acres.

"40"AllCrop Harvester 1-Plow B Tractor "60"for Implements Harvester B AllCrop

Crawler Model 60 UJLUiJ lit ln 'OLLISCHOLMERSTRACTOR DIVISION—MILWAUKEE. U.S.A. P H Hillside Model M

tillage Brenneis Roller Flax Deep Rubber J

Implements Attachments Name R.F.D.

(PLEASE PRINT)ALLCROP HARVESTER

Town State

&.* cmmTiM AVIATION

WHEAT/SNOW ENRICHED WITH ALCOHOL VITAMINgf ["indbergh, the great American aviator, who thrilled

YES! IT IS NOW thethe Atlantic,world in tookhis flightwith himacrosson

that memorable "lone eagle"voyage nothing for drinking BETTER purposes but a supply of pure water. Walter Mittelholzer,

the famous Swiss aviator, in than wnn his daring exploits on several continents and his brilliant FOR CHILDREN..*

and they love ifs flavor achievementsover Kilimanjaroabove andthe Alps,over

Mt. Kenya and great towering

<*mm* peaks of other mountain ranges, understood the insidious character of alcohol, which understanding he crystallized into this succinct declaration of his conclusion: "The use of

HOT, creamy Albers Carnation alcoholic liquors is always

Wheat—with a rich wheaty flavor harmfulsidered byandtheneveraviator."to be connow brings added SURPRISE THEM all its own—These great heroes of the air

... WITH RAISINS health values, for it has been enand other outstanding "bird

For a breakfast treat that's riched with Vitamin Bi. This immen"of the world have pre-

"tops,"serve Carnation portant vitamin promotes good sented unassailable evidence

Wheat cooked with raisins! relative to the nature and effect

digestion, steady nerves, normal of alcohol contrasted with growth. Actually, Carnation which all the socalled smooth

Wheat now contains 50% more and decorated exhortations of

Vitamin Bi than whole wheat. the whiskey and beer "educators"for greed are silly and

Serve thin -flaked, quick -cookridiculous.

ing Albers Carnation Wheat The bard of Stratford, more often. It brings the bountiful than three centuries ago, withnourishment of plump golden out the benefit of the vast

whole wheat. Yet it costs less than knowledge that has come from

scientific investigation and exhalf a cent a serving. Get a packperiment, nevertheless sensed

age from your grocer, nowl the deceptive quality of this poisonous, habitforming drug, when he expressed amazement "that men should put an enemy into their mouths to steal away their brains."How long will

human intelligence, reason, and truth with respect to this anappetite, greed, merged by and INVITATIONS WEDDING @ENROLL cient evil be ridiculed and subflee desire cowardly to from NOW if Later Desired) (Commence and ANNOUNCEMENTS reality, sacrificing will, body, for 100 $25, S4.SO Discount on Complete a life soul, mind, real to and a IN COURSE BEAUTY CULTURE invitations White paneled with entwo of false sense euphoria? Accredited School A State velopes, of choice Script or English Old

tht Ernest in Cherrington, By H. Printing 24 Service Hour Issue,""American

Ogden School of Beauty Culture Postage prepaid when remittance accompanies

Over Egyptian Theatre OGDEN, UTAHName orderHO VEYPHESS DANCE PROGRAMS—TICKETS—INVITATIONS vQO

Address City.Stale 25 East No. Temple—Salt Lake City—Was. 9S72

,:":'-: L -:': WM

44 H /it jJ HILL THE UNTOBy Richard L. Evans rjW i fi

A member of the First Council of the Seventy; Managing Editor of the "Improvement

Era,"and Director of Special Features, Radio Station KSL.

With a foreword by J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

"SERMONETTES"that will inspire and stimulate the reader as they have inspired and stimulated the millions who listen every Sunday morning to the "SPOKEN WORD"as part of the Tabernacle Choir and Organ program from Temple Square in Salt Lake

City. A book to read and to cherish; to own and to share with friends.

First Editions available during Conference Week. Price $1.50

DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 E. S. Temple Salt Lake City Wasatch 6967

VK

The Growing Up of SKEEZIX Theic"problemstrip is constantlyof the socalledbefore"comus in our homes. Far from being comic,

manydrama—andof themworse.have declinedTo sustainto meloin-

terest some have resorted to gangster lore; low, ungrammatical speech;

and decadent sensationalism—to such

an extent that the effect they are having upon excitable and impressionable young people should be called into question.

There are, however, notable exceptions, for which we are grateful.

Over thirteen years ago, when Skeezix was five years old, Earl }. Glade, Executive Vice President

of Radio Station KSL, wrote Frank

O. King, creator of "Gasoline Alley,"

congratulating him upon his portrayal of a wholesome and natural apSALTPEPPER SETS proach to life. The reply was an

appreciative illustrated letter, reproduced above....and 6 LABELS

Again, recently, the perennial confrom Chicken of the of this feature sistency comwas Sea Brand Grated Glade, Earl and mended by the t/mcM/QjQff cordial illustrated Style acknowledgment, or Tuna reproduced below, came Star back. / for only CLdet White Tuna.

other and O. King To Frank creMighty clever! And a 75c value, say buyGet a supply of this quality tuna today strips ators of "comic"have who

maintained themselves and their ers ofmany of America's leading depart-...serve it often. Your family will like it

work above the level of "anythingment stores. One little fish is canary yeland it's good for them. Contains Vita-

i for-a-thrill,"we here express our low...for salt. The other one is turquoise mins "A"and "D"and Iodine, effective

appreciation and commendation. blue... for pepper. So you won't get peppreventive of nutritional goiter. It has

per when you want salt, and vice versa! been America's favorite for 28 years,

because only the tender, light meat is packed!

Van Camp Sea Food Company, Inc.,

Box C, Terminal Island, California. (Postage Stamps not accepted)

Enclosed find Cash Money Order -Check for $. Also labels

from Chicken of the Sea Brand or White Star Tuna. Send me.SALT &

PEPPER SETS (Salt Shaker is Canary Yellow; Pepper Shaker is Turquoise Blue).

Name Address..

City State.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1940

of Per Annum Current 3 Dividend With Safety Federally LANDMARK Insured to $5,000

All account. savings money lAiahiu (Djucjul As little as $1.00 starts your insured

credited, all dividends plus maysaved,be withdrawn without deductions of any

By MARK A. PENDLETON kind. Visit Our Offices or

Write for Handy "Saveby-Mail"Plan presenting the business of the OcIN tober Conference, 1861, President

Brigham Young said it was his intention to call upon a number of Swiss AND LOAN ASSOCIATION and other brethren to go to the south125 South Main St. Salt Lake City, Utah

ern part of the territory to raise cotton, indigo, grape, figs, and sorghum cane.

War between the North and the South was in progress, and but littlecotton from the cottonraising states would reach the North. The time had

"No more flattasting salads for arrived for Utah to raise cotton to supme", say housewives of the ply the needs of the intermountain reWest. It's tang all salads need gion. Accordingly, more than 300 peo-

... TANG, the Perfect Dressing! ple, in the late fall of 1861, were called

Add TANG to your salads. Their to colonize the hot, arid wastes of

fairly will flavor sparkle. Your southwestern Utah, to become known

if will family as they eat them Utah's Dixie. will as too, You, were dessert.

agree that TANG is the oneAmong the stalwarts called to that word formula for delicious, undifficult mission was John Nebeker, a usual salads. pioneer of 1847. He was well equipped

TANG is unequaled as a dressing for the task, for he had means, had sandwiches, for salads, cold meats, worked in the cotton mills of his native sausages, wieners, sea foods, cheese dishes, sliced tomatoes, fresh or state, Delaware, had a commercial educanned asparagus; exceptionally cation, was an experienced farmer and salad. good on potato

fruit grower, a saddleand harnessMade by NALLEY'S Inc. maker, and had served as justice of the

Manufacturers of >jiality Foods peace in Salt. Lake City. As a cotton gin was needed at

Toquerville, Erastus Snow called upon

At all to erect stone building a Nebeker John grocers—good the his lot, to install machinery, and add on

to your Tang food list tooperate the mill. It is claimed that it

day. was the first gin mill in the West driven

by water power. It played an important part in the development of Utah's

Dixie. The "gin house"is in a remarkable state of preservation as the accompanying photograph shows.

Among the pioneer relics at the Utah

State Capitol is a small doily made by

THE P-C/t/eCORESSING tonMrs.ginnedJohn Nebekerat this mill.from theIt wasfirst precot- sented by Mrs. Zettie N. Kearl, only CHURCHS

surviving child of the Nebekers. GRAPE JUICE

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1940

CHURCHWIDE HYMN SINGING FOSTERED By Tracy Y. Cannon, Chairman

General Church Music Committee (See page 236 for Hymns and Instructions.)

Musicplaceoccupiesin all ameetingsvery prominentof the

Latterday Saints. It is estimated that approximately onethird of

in these meetingsthe total time spent trips daily EAST and WEST 4 is Congregational music. to devoted

for convenience unequalledsinging important has and Here's ever been an Save Dollars, Tool the direct, alltrips east or west via services. featuredelightful of our With

this thought in mind a hymnsinging paved OverlandWonderland Route! LakeFromCitySaltto:

the* entire forproject Church memberdaily, perfectly departures as FOUR City..$ 5.00 Cedarship at inaugurated a recent was youras picked if you'd meettimed them 9.95 Angeles Losing the representatives of of General

self! full information. Phone now for 6.30 Boise associaall auxiliaryAuthorities and

tions, at the instance of the General Colorful New Travel Folders Portland 13.00

Music Committee. Be sure to get these attractive new Denver 9.00

The project contemplates the learnfolders before planning your vacaChicago 24.50

ing of a new hymn every month by all tion! Write to TRAVEL BUREAU. Detroit 27.00

Temple the Church. throughoutcongregations Square Hotel Building, Salt New York.... 33.75 Lake City. selected have been byThese hymns

the General Music Committee and directions for their presentation are given on page 236. All the hymns to smtsbe learned will be taken from the book m\n nm\z

entitled Latterday Saint Hymns and it is the aim to assist the bishops in every way possible in placing these hymn books in every meetinghouse in the Church so that the abundance of rich material which the books contain may be learned by the congregationsand choirs. Just good nourishing bread

learned to be hymns The first three during the Yoa get good flavor in Royal Bread—good, substantial bread are months as follows:

April—No. 113, "Glory To God flavor. And you get excellent nourishment that satisfies hunger

OnMay—No.High."50, "God Moves In A and makes you feel good.

MysteriousJune—No.Way."2, "Praise Ye The Lord. No XNhooey"

(See page 236.) We don't try to tell you that our bread is a "miracle food". We

It is to be hoped that the hymn, don't claim it will add to your beauty or personality. All we

"Glory To God On High,"will be try to do in our advertising is remind you that Royal Bread is sung in every M. I, A. meeting during just good bread that we believe you'll enjoy.

the month of April and that a song practice period be devoted to the Royal Baking Company learning of this song the first part of Salt100%LakeHomeowned& Ogden the month.

During the months of May and June a similar procedure should be followedfor the songs designated for those parmaw ticular months. In addition, it is sugFINE

is after thatgested song learned each

it until is well Fresh MeaDit be frequently sung

Every Day in all congregations. and familiarknown Grocer's at Your

It is the aim to develop through this hymnsinging project more joyous participation in hymn singing, a richer appreciation of their beauty and an en40 Years of Uninterrupted...richment of the I Gospel truths through WE OffER COMPLETE A I Service to Musical Utah delightsoul of song.power "For my SERVICE ENGRAVINGeth in the heart; song of the the yea, Missionary j Fromsong of the righteous is a prayer unto catalogues.portraits to the largest

Attention. Mail Orders Given Prompt it shall and answered with a beMe jgj:hbdJk/u CO. ENGRAVING UTAH theirblessing heads."upon (Doctrine St. City, 113 Salt Regent Utah 70 So. Main Lakeand Covenants 25:12.)

*< Bfc *fc 1

:::: MB jfMM H i I:

.....;.::;

*rC;S'S ft?"- >"'-'- ** =,1*'*ifs hMM '* r*

Jim? '* & L- Sl!Sii!:'.'v:'$&.

i m y J|> - lit J

;""p

J?-.'*.,-

it.

Tribune Staff Photo.

love to watch the surging crowds

I That throng the Temple Square And scan the myriad faces QonsuismxjL

That come to Conference there.

From Maine to California, In pairs and groups they're seen,

From Canada to Mexico, And all the states between.

The missionary boys are in From Islands of the sea, From European lands as well And here they're sure to be.

The Tabernacle's filled at nine

And then the Assembly Hall And, oh, the crowds, they come, they come;

We cannot count them all.

HThe organ peals; the choir sings;

By The Gospel Flag's unfurled We hear a clarion voice that speaks

HANNA To us and all the world.

FRIEL C\ yes, I love to see the crowds

DAVIS That throng the Temple Square

And glory in the message That calls the people there.

HI EDITORS PAGE

Owidswdtu IN HUMAN VALUES

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

have often related an experience of Doctor to think that boy would ask for another chance. He

Karl G. Maeser. He told how a poor widow did not think I would give him another chance;

I had come to him with her son. She announced and he said: 'Brother Maeser, Brother Maeser

to Brother Maeser that this was her only son; that give me one more chance.'

she had gone out washing to save the necessary money to send him to Brigham Young University Brother Maeser's voice broke, as he rushed into because she had heard that Brother Maeser was the extended, pleading arms of the boy and emable to reform wayward boys. She told Brother braced him and kissed him, and promised him a

Maeser that she could not handle the boy and hundred chances.

that the bishop and his counselors could do noth- "Now,"said Brother Maeser, "what do you ing with him, and they all looked upon him as a think—that boy is a bishop's counselor in the very

bad boy. town where once he was a spoiled egg."

The boy started school and was soon in trouble. I remember also an incident I heard related by

Brother Maeser told how he violated all the rules Brother George H. Brimhall. He said that on his of the school. The teachers could do nothing with way to one of our conference meetings he collected

him, and his influence was bad in the school. one of the finest dividends that he had ever reBrother Maeser hesitated about expelling him beof money, but of something cause he thought of that poor widow who had gone ceived in life—not more valuable than money. A man had made the out washing in order that her only son might

confession that Brother Brimhall had reformed him come to school; so he put up with this careless,

from a careless, wayward, and indifferent boy and wayward boy until he could stand it no longer, made a man of him, and now that man was in atand he finally expelled him from school.

tendance at a General Conference of the Church

The next morning at eight o'clock, as soon as as one of the presidency of the stake in which he

Brother Maeser had reached his office, there was resided.

a knock at the door. When he opened the door,

there stood this boy. Brother Maeser said that These are the kinds of dividends that count

when he looked at the boy and thought of all the dividends in human values; and the patient, untrouble he had caused in the school, he felt "just tiring, prayerful labors we devote to our young

like hitting him, right between the eyes."That people who need help, and to those generally who

was his first thought with reference to the boy who for some cause or another have withdrawn themhad been expelled the day before. selves from us, often return to reward us in unspeakable joy and satisfaction in the years to come.

The boy said: "Brother Maeser, give me just May we labor long and unceasingly, with patience,

one more chance."and forgiveness, and prayerful determination

Brother Maeser said: "I stood there paralyzed among all such who need our help.

(f/iAfu/uzcL (Rswi&mfL x>flL thsL JJul eighth Article of Faith deBIBLE should have a house in which to live,Theclares: "We believe the Bible translate, and receive the ancient

to be the word of God, as far BY scriptures from the Lord. Later in

as it is translated correctly; we also February the Elders were also inbelieve the Book of Mormon to be SIDNEY B. SPERRY structed by the Lord to provide the

the with Prophet raiment""food God."word of and The important ANDreservation it is translated to far as "as whatever he needed accomand

correctly"indicates our belief that MERRILL Y. VAN WAGONER plish his work,the Bible contains errors and to that February 9, the Lord revealed the

extent is not infallible. promised law to govern the Church.

Errors were inevitable during the This included an important prolong period of man's stewardship of nouncement concerning the revision the Bible. From the time of writing of the Bible:

in the original languages to the modThou shalt ask, and my scriptures shall ern era, the manuscripts were passed be given as I have appointed, and they through many hands, and this reshall be preserved in safety;

sulted in mechanical errors, both of And it is expedient that thou shouldst transcription of the text as new holdteach thythempeaceuntil concerningye have receivedthem, andthemnotin copies were made, and errors of full.

translation from one language to anAnd I give unto you a commandment other. that then ye shall teach them unto all men;

Far more important, however, are kindreds,for they shalltongues,be taughtand people.unto all nations,the errors of another kind—willful, Thou shalt take the things which thou

manmade changes. And we know hast received, which have been given unto

by divine authority that such dethee in my scriptures for a law, to be my law, to govern Church; myliberate Before changes made. were

to these that according doeth he And first is whatMoses wrote now the shall doeth things saved, and he that be five books of the Bible, the Lord said them not shall be damned, if he so continue.

to him: (Doctrine and Covenants 42:5660.)

JOSEPH SMITH I will Moses, now, And my son, speak On March 7, 1831, while the this earth thee which concerningunto upon thou standest; and thou shalt write the was forced to move to Fayette, New Prophet was translating, the Lord

things which I shall speak. York, some time during August or told him that he should receive no

And in a day when the children of men September, 1830. more concerning His coming until

shall as naught and esteem words my RigIn 1830, Sidney December, Testament was translated, the New the oftake from them which book many converted been in it had just all these things should be who and I will raise write, shalt behold,thou up don, another like unto thee; and they shall be and baptized in Ohio, on November made known. This they began to do

had again among the children of men 14, came to Fayette to inquire the the next day. Again they were cauamong as many as shall believe. {Pearl of Lord's will concerning him. In antioned to "keep these things from

Great Price, Moses 1:4041.) swer he was commanded going abroad unto the world until

The Church had been organized Thou shalt write for him [Joseph]; and it is expedient in me, that ye may

only two months and the first edition the scriptures shall be given, even as they accomplish this work in the eyes of salvation to the in are bosom, mine own the people, eyes of your and in the onlyof the had Book of Mormon elect. (Doctrine and of mine own Coveenemies."( Doctrine Covenants, and printed,shortly when, before been 35:20.) in nants

accordance with the promise made 45:72.)

to Moses that His words would be From then until the work was restored, the Lord revealed to the laid aside, Sidney Rigdon acted as The Prophet had been engaged in

Prophet Joseph Smith in June, 1830, scribe for the Prophet. revising the Bible just one year

the wonderful account in the first Shortly after the coming of Sidwhen he, with Sidney Rigdon and chapter of the Book of Moses, now ney Rigdon, the Lord restored many others, was commanded to leave for found within the covers of the of the words of Enoch. Later in Missouri. Great anticipation attendPearl of Great Price. From about December the Prophet and Sidney ed this journey, for the Lord had

this time until July 2, 1833, the Rigdon were commanded to do no promised He would reveal the site

Prophet was engaged in making a more until they moved from New of Zion—the New Jerusalem. Leavrevision of the Bible. He transYork to Ohio, "because of the eneing June 19, 1831, they made the

lated as time permitted, for there my."The latter part of January, trip safely, learned by revelation the

were frequent interruptions and 1831, Joseph Smith and his wife, location of Zion in Jackson County, many duties which required his conaccompanied by Sidney Rigdon and and arrived back at Kirtland the stant attention. The hatred and enEdward Partridge, departed for 27th of August.

mity of the people further hampered Kirtland, where they arrived about In September, 1831, Joseph Smith his work. He was residing in Harthe first of February. and his family again moved. This

mony when he received the words of On February 4, 1831, it was retime they went to Hiram, Portage

Moses, but there persecution invealed to the Elders of the Church County, Ohio. The work of transcreased to such an extent that he in Kirtland that Joseph Smith lation continued intermittently un206

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1940

til December 1, 1831, when the the Brethren in Zion,"In it he menProphet and Sidney Rigdon were tions the New Translation twice.

called to "a mission for a season."First he said:

Two days later they left for a reWe are exceedingly fatigued, owing to gion around Kirtland where their the great press of business. We this day

mission met with great success. This finished the translating of the Scriptures,

ended, they returned to Hiram the forHeavenlywhich Father,we returnedand gratitudesat immediatelyto our latter part of January, 1832, with down to answer your letters. (History of

the commandment "to translate the Church 1:368.)

it is pracas and, inasmuchagain;

Later he mentioned it again: regions in theticable, to preach

round about until conference; and Bible,Havinga fewfinishedhours since,the translationand needingofsomethe

after that it is expedient to continue recreation, we know of no way we can the work of translation until it be spend our time more to divine acceptance finished,"(Doctrine and Covenants than in endeavoring to build up His Zion 73:3-4.) in these last days. (History of the Church

While revising the Gospel of 1:369.)

John on the 16th of February, 1832, SIDNEY RIGDON The Prophet Joseph Smith and the Prophet and Sidney Rigdon betranslation of the prophets was finFrederick G. Williams, the other

held a vision of the glory of the Faished, he should thereafter preside member of the First Presidency, ther and the Son. Likewise they beover the affairs of the Church and placed their signatures below that

held the fall of Lucifer, the resurthe School of the Prophets, which of Sidney Rigdon. The Prophet was

rection of the just, and the three dehad been organized according to twentyeight years old at this time.

grees of glory. ( Doctrine and Coverevelation the preceding December. Sentiment against the Saints was

nants 76.) But they were not to As the work of revision neared increasing rapidly. July 20th saw

work in peace for any length of its close, the hatred of the enemy the antiMormon mob council meet time. Mob violence increased in reached a breaking point. In April, in Independence to eject the MorHiram during the spring and sumthe first gathering of the mob took mons from Jackson County. The

mer of 1832, resulting in the replace to plan a campaign to remove house of W, W. Phelps, which conmoval of the Prophet and his famall members of the Church from tained the Church printing estabily back to Kirtland. Jackson County. Following this, the lishment, was razed to the ground,

It was not until a year later, on Lord on the 6th of May warned Joand the press and type were seized

February 2, 1833, that the Prophet seph Smith to hasten the translaby the mob. Mobbery continued to

ceased his revision of the New Testion of His scriptures. The same such an extent that by the 7th of

tament. He was still residing in day the Lord indicated that the November some twelve hundred

Kirtland. In his journal he recorded second lot south of the site of the refugees lined the bank of the. Misthe following: Kirtland Temple (construction on souri River waiting to be ferried

I completed the translation and review the temple began the following across.

of Febtheof 2nd on Testament, the New to have the intended The Prophet ) of a location the be should month it to up, sealed moreruary, no 1833, and scriptures revision the inspired of printing of the "for house the work till it in Zion. (History arrivedbe opened

x printing esat the in Zion published scriptures, l:324.) of translation the of the Church myof

and all things whatsoever I shall tablishment of the Church there.

The Zion to which he referred command you."(Doctrine and Looking forward to this, on Februwas the newly revealed Zion in Covenants 94:10.) ary 2, 1833, at Kirtland, he had

Jackson County. Thereupon he reThe work of revision was finishsealed the revision of the New Tessumed work on the uncompleted part ed five months after the completion tament "no more to be opened till

of the Old Testament. He was of the New Testament. July 2, 1833, it arrived in Zion."Some of the

shortly instructed that once the Sidney Rigdon wrote a letter "To Saints in Zion queried whether or serially. be printed KIRTLAND, OHIO not it should refers SMITH'S HOME, throughout to the JOSEPH the Church -History of

251) (Continued on page WITHIN RECENT TIMES A STORE IN USE AS o{ the Church. Historysevenvolume

Concentration BY JACK boysOnewereJuneplayingeveningball ain crowdthe streetof

SEARS rectionand knockingpossible.theWindows,ball in everypeople,dianimals, chickens, or birds were

In a western town I streetliable tocamebe ahitdignifiedat any time.gentleman,Up thea

a once noticed orator, writer, poet. man great was He in a jewelry working a manuscript, every reading and

store, repairing watches. once in a while he stopped to pencil

also faced shop The correction. a a so engrossed He was

street, seembusy and it in his task in hand, heard he neither to ed man looked me this that even gang nor saw a soul—not from about up his work play. at noisy of howling, boys

every ten seconds to see When he came opposite them on the what was going on outsidewalk about where the pitcher side. I went into this stood, this poetic person stopped and

jewelry store a month stood mumbling to himself and scriblater, and a new man bling down stuff he would, I knew, was doing the watch find at a later time hard to read.

repair work. I had occasion to go The baseball was batted near his

to another jeweler's place of busihead on two occasions, but do you ness, and there sat the same repairer think for a minute he was aware of whom I had seen a few weeks bethe danger he was in? As the man

fore, at the first jeweler's place. lived only a short way up the street,

form—heHere in hiswasnewspendingjob, he wasmosttrueof histo Iself,tookandoccasionI was toinformedfind out thatfor mythis

Onewatchedday in Newtwo YorkcobblersCityatI timeA fewwatchingweeks thelaterpassersby.I called upon poeticwhose gentlemanfirst name, wasmiddlea notedname,writerand

friend a facing in a basement of mine work conducts who a last name was Concentration—that store, jewelrya busy street passthousands I spotted and where when trained his mind from the he had

ed daily. One of these men kept this same watch repairer at work, time he was a boy to his then sevlooking up from his work, interested the very one I had seen doing his entyfourth year, to think correctly.

in looking sidelooking stuff going the what and on up on was up down great to advoone Ruskin a was in I so, other stores, inwalk, fact, jewelry two than could more he was in job the concentration cate on resist ininterested not right laughing his loud. work. would out He in boat, that said a rowing and hand

sole, at nail in surprised a beand, owner the asked Thepound was and it to one in around, get to order go it tell to in, all joke. hisfore the him the joke,"head me was "The way in direction of think the should

I said, "is sitting his in that fellow as well thewould up eyes bob and in turn; other desired to he which repairing hisas watches. the mind window peobe would upon Have concentrate what on should words,ple ever noticed you interested by. hurrying he how it is to then proceed doing do and one

is in I It's the will to passing people for safe say, by?"say—I all might, his and mind, with well

this for outfound man I!"replied jeweler. the "Have myself—that into the thoughtwas not the top man of the two; he "Why, I fired that fellow just bestrength—puttingtask.was not the owner of the shop—he cause he is so much more interested

was employed, that was all. Anin what's outside the store than he SOMEHAVE PEOPLEPLENTYWHOOF DON'TTIME CONCENTRATETO REFLECT.

other thing I noticed about this felis in what's inside; he forgets he is

low was that he looked up at the hired to repair watches. I took him

clock about every ten minutes. You back on trial because his wife came

do not have to be told that this man's in and cried and said their large work was very poorly done. family would starve if her husband

side—let'sThe otherlookman,in uponworkinghim andat seehis didn'thas workedhave work.in eightShe said,places'Myin mantwo

how he spent his working hours. He years and never can hold: a job bewould fix the nail in place and keep cause he cannot concentrate on his

his eye on it and his mind on what work.'"And as I stood up to go,

he was doing, and, whack, or whackthe jeweler added, "And I am going whack, it was driven home into that to fire this fellow Saturday for good, soleshop—forcorrectly.he Thiswas ownerthat—seldomof the larsfor Ia amweekpayingand hehimdoesfortyfivenot do twendol-

looked at the clock and usually ty dollars'worth of repair work."

when the twelve o'clock whistles Have you ever noticed a great blew he was surprised that the time golfer—how he concentrates—how

had gone so quickly. It's a good he follows through? The next time

guess to say that even then he would you see a good golfer, find out for finish his job before quitting for yourself how he keeps his eye on lunch. that ball.

JllSL BLUE

usual keeping with but a get with my single thought—to I N

I STONE that stone. Denteprocedure, asked young Dripping but triumphant,

Terzi, of Geneva, Switzerland, A SHORT he emerged from his unexpectedwhose home I visited regularly, how bath, clutching to his childish breast he and his family had come to join SHORT the blue stone. And Dente felt an

the Mormon Church. As you probSTORY exquisite satisfaction.

ably realize, it is not easy to belong To corroborate his story Dente to a sect which is regarded, to say pulled the stone from his pocket andthe very least, askance by many of By RALPH MARGETTS handed it to his mother, with an your friends and neighbors. It is urgent plea for her to take it to a

far easier to do what everybody else jeweler for an appraisal.

is doing and drift along with the Mrs. Terzi sighed deeply and disherd. missed the incident as just one more

Dente leaned back in his chair and trial for mothers to put up with.

grinned a wide and reminiscent grin. Not so young Dente. After several

His eyes seemed fixed upon a distant days of inactivity he asked his and pleasant memory as though he mother if she had shown the stone were living again some delightful to the jeweler. She had not, and he

experience of his boyhood. This is was told to run away and play. But

the story he told me. (Because it he earnestly pleaded with her. With

must be translated from French into all the naivete so common in youngEnglish I shall not attempt to tell it sters, he assured her that the stone as Dente Terzi did, for to translate was of great value.

his idiomatic French would be far Finally, more to keep peace than too difficult.) anything else, Mrs. Terzi carried the

The story begins as do a good stone to the home of one of her many other stories about boys: with friends, a certain Madame Matheyyoung Dente coming home soaked to Doret, whose husband was a jewelthe bones, and dripping water all er, and asked him to examine it.

over his mother's fine carpet. Such After a cursory glance, Mr. Mathey-

a procedure could only arouse the 30s Doret laid the blue stone upon a maternal wrath, and young Dente leatherbound book on the table and was not exactly reassured by his laughingly assured Mrs. Terzi that

good mother's demeanor. Furtherit was nothing more than a piece of

more, he had no smooth explanation volcanic lava worn smooth by water for his sodden condition and when action and utterly worthless.

his mother fixed a fierce glare upon With a sigh of relief, Mrs. Terzi

forfar so asked hadhim and why he it in the stone to replace up ''fci&mxmm*?"picked fall to into as teachings gotten her fell her eyes suddenly her bag when

a creek, his heart sank another three upon the title of the black book upon inches. which it had been lying. "The Book

The truth seemed to be the only of Mormon"(or rather its French way to placate the parental disapequivalent "Le Livre de Mormon") proval, so, with the courage born of was printed across the back in gold desperation, he plunged into the letters. She picked up the book and

story much as he had plunged into glanced at the title page.

getting wet. it without A parthe stream a few minutes before. reach Curiosity is a strange thing. The ticularly thrust energetic dislodged

It seemed that while crossing a the stone and the current rolled it unusual, the unfamiliar, and the uncertain bridge, he had seen at the botslowly downstream in the wrong known are always intensely interesttom of the creek a beautiful blue direction. Fearful of losing his prize ing. Guided by a lively curiosity,

stone that he at once esteemed as Dente redoubled his efforts, but in Mrs. Terzi asked many questions

being priceless. The desire to poshis enthusiasm he leaned too far forconcerning the book and Madame

sess that stone had gripped him, and ward. With a wild whoop he slid MatheyDoret, who was already afwith all the directness of childhood off the bridge into the water. filiated with the Church, was only

he had resolved to have it. too glad to explain her faith.

With a stick, the determined /Vr this point Dente In due time Mrs. Terzi became a

Dente had poked eagerly at the blue Terzi displayed that characteristic member. She is the first one now to

stone, trying to force it to the side of which was in later years to lead him say that the blue stone was in very the creek where he would be able to to success. He seemed obsessed deed a jewel of priceless value.

Cache regional storehouse

consists In this building Region also Cache are held monthly DR. seven By O. H. BUDGE

all withinThestakes of of the Cache Welfare workers Valley—Logan,of the Manager, Regional Cache Storehouse meetingsregion. Smithfield, Cache, also Hyrum, a Benson, meeting Here is held each

Franklin, and Oneida, Typical of what is taries, also a grocery store, space for storTuesday and Friday for fifteen minutes, at occurring all over the Church in the furing surplus commodities, display rooms for which time the workers are informed contherance of the Welfare Plan, a brief writclothing which has been disinfected, reconcerning the arrangements under which they ten and photographic idea of the scope and ditioned, and classified, and a room for each are expected to work. These meetings are

activities of this regional operation is given of the outside stakes, where the workers opened with song and prayer in order to on this page. from these stakes may rest and lunch durmaintain spirituality in keeping with the

inspired the plan of Lord. ing the at noon other hour and such times piece of consisting property of about A is the In also basement a is commodious progress. is in attic not when work Thetwo onehalf and acres at 55 North Second laundry furnished stationwith large room large clothing one to room is taken where Utah,West, Logan, purchased as a was tubs, ary washing machines, ironing boards, sorted, disinfected, be until hung and upsite is for as the what now known Cache etc. is it. further disposition of madeRegional Storehouse.

A kitchen in the basement provides space In the north or darkcolored building, the

In the lightcolored building are offices in which surplus fruits and vegetables of entire top floor is used as a sewing center.

for the use of the manager and the secrethe region are canned and bottled. The second floor is used as a display floor

for all reconditioned stoves, furniture, etc., and on the

lower floor is a carpenter and repair shop.

This operation, begun six months ago, now employs 23 people whose income contributes in whole or in part to the support of about 580 people besides storing surpluses against future need.

The following photographs indicate the scope of activities:

1. The reconditioned

main buildings, purchased with the property.

2. Entrance to cellar,

large enough to accommodate trucks.

3. View of inside structure of cellar, with

welded steel framework and cement footings.

4. Smokehouse built entirely of cement and

equipped with steel rack. 5. Showing track and

hogs in a room immediately in front of the smokehouse, where meat is prepared for curing. 6. Small section of the

grocery store.

all center 7. Sewing

furniture made in—own

workshop. 8. Woodpile and coalyard.

9. Section of workshop.

JhiL BY IMPORTANCE OF THE DR. HARVEY

FLETCHER Director of Physical Research,

Belt Telephone Laboratories; IMPROBABLE and President of New York

Stake.

COMETIMES BY DESIGN AND INTELLIGENT DIRECTION,

SOMETIMES APPARENTLY BY CHANCE, SEEMINGLY

IMPROBABLE THINGS DO HAPPEN DESPITE OUR INCREDULITY OFTEN WITH FARREACHING CONSEQUENCES. broke the bank and became exciting news all over the world.

Another example taken from the field of botany illustrates this same point. A certain man is a great lover

dealing with any statistical of tea roses and grows acres of

INproblem, we talk in terms of avthem. Year after year these bushes

erages and sometimes forget are trimmed, and each bush bears that things and events which are its own kind. The bushes grow one

calculated to be extremely improbor two feet tall and then give forth able actually do happen. their beautiful blossoms. One spring,

A few years ago, the newspapers however, this gardener noticed a carried an account of an extraordishoot springing from the roots of a nary happening which took place in certain bush which behaved a little

Monte Carlo, in southern France. differently from the usual shoots.

Tourists are frequently attracted to Instead of growing upright, it was the great Casino, where gambling running along the ground. He nouris permitted. A certain man, who ished and watched it day by day;

evidently was a tourist, watched at instead of growing one or two feet, the tables and became very fasciit grew yards. If one should have

nated. He repeated this performance calculated the chance of anything

every night for nearly a week. Then but its own kind growing on this

he said to the astonished attendant bush, it would have been very small that he wanted to place a bet. The indeed. Yet the highly improbable

astonishment of the attendant indid happen, and from the shoot creased when he was told that the sprang a new variety of climbing stranger wanted to bet one hundred tea rose.

dollars on a twenty to one shot. DR. HARVEY FLETCHER Let me give just one more illusThe chances for the dial to stop tration taken this time from the field

on his number were twenty against again stopped on the winning of astronomy. As we look up into

him to one for him; however, it number. the heavens on a clear night, we see

did stop on his number. On seeing the result, the man- a multitude of stars, which seem to

The bankers quickly piled on his agers promptly told the patrons that be almost touching one another. The

number two thousand dollars in the house would have to close, as stars are great suns like our own sun, chips, and spun the wheel again, the winning of eight hundred thoubut many, many miles away. As a

thinking of course that this time he sand dollars had broken the bank. matter of fact, it takes light travelwould lose. The stranger sat with As some of the patrons rushed over ing at the rate of 186,000 miles a

hands under his chin and a very seto congratulate the stranger, who second several years to go from one rious look in his eyes. There was was still sitting with a fixed gaze, of these stars to its nearest neighconsiderable commotion when the they were shocked to find that he bor. For illustration, if we choose a

dial came the second time to his numwas dead. scale so that our sun would be about

size the nearest of orange, the an hisber, winnings were then and case notorious, bebecame The star another someorange be would times twentytwenty hundred it in tried dolcause the courts was in deChina. had to where now If welars dollars. forty or thousand determine the much how money hurl these vices two which would

The bankers hurriedly piled the gambling establishment owed to the oranges into space in any random earnings on the same spot a third stranger's heirs. The amount would direction at a velocity of thirty miles

time, almost certain that this time be greatly different, depending on a second, what would be the chance they would recover all their losses. whether the stranger died after the of their hitting each other? You

The stranger did not demur, but sat first or the second or the third turn might say that the thing is absurd, with a fixed gaze, looking at the of the dial. But the point I wish to and that there is no chance that they

wheel as it spun the third time. All emphasize here is that the chance of would collide; but there is a small

the dial's stopping the stopthe patrons Casino of the had on numsame in a billion. than one chance—less

three their betting ber looking highly times in a rowped and were was this highly scientists that tell us Yetintently on the outcome of this treimprobable—only one chance in improbable thing did happen to ourmendous gamble. They could hardeight thousand—but still it did hapown sun many thousands of years

ly believe their eyes when the wheel pen, and because it happened, it (Continued on page 244)

Prohibition

ivhsirLFeardo ofa afoolishword hasthing—andcaused usforto (L ivxfuL to Lsl Jisudk&nsuL with.

our foolishness, we pay a drashuman. JupwianaL tebsd&. aqaimL ii

tic price!

But why should a man fear the word "Prohibition"? All law is ProDR. RAY M. RUSSELL

hibition, and we are only free within the law—not outside it. Lawabid- history disregarded the warnings of

ing citizens in matters of state and Elijah, Moses, Noah. Are these

in matters of eternal progress are sidestepping members honest, or bound by the laws which are framed do they not need repentance?

for the "weakest of the weak."Why must the United States PubInstinctive living is neither spirlic Health Service, since February 1,

itual, nor moral, nor ethical, nor con- 1 937, ask the mayors of all cities of ducive to any good end. It is selfthe United States to declare an Anwilled, selfish—anarchistic, atavistic. nual National Social Hygiene DayWe are born with instincts which to the inhabitants of their respective

should be controlled, and one of the cities, to acquaint them with the primary purposes of life is that we seriousness of the ascending nummay learn the control of instincts. bers of venereal diseases, syphilis

As the mind must direct and control and gonorrhea, within the boundphysical exercise to make it benefiaries of Wet America? It is largely

cial, so must the mind conquer and and unquestionably because of the direct instincts, or the individual is repeal of the eighteenth amendment.

unsocial, and progress is impeded. No one can go to the drugstore

Henry Van Dyke has this to say without a physician's prescription on this subject: "The task and and buy morphine, cocaine, hashish,

triumph of Christianity is to make heroin, or marijuana, and so Prohimen and nations true and just and bition exists today, and our socalled all inupright their dealings; to bring

as well asall law all conduct into Dr.residedRay M.in Russell,Europe forwhofifteenhas libertiesthermorearetrycurtailedcrossing bythelaw.streetFurof

subjection and conformity to the law years, and has been engaged in proany large city against the red light of God."fessional practice in London for if you think Prohibition does not

years, recently returned twelve to exist today. Prohiinto a of world We come far City. been Having Salt Lakebition. prohibit the sale of intoxicatBecause breathe, must To we for the long, so from scene he home

we are spanked into life. As babies, brings with him a detached view and ing liquors only extends the present

we are bounded or prohibited by challenging perspective on this vital Prohibition of the sale of drugs 'Prohibition."of Dr.mothers'are harmful restrictions. Russell which or nurses'As subjectalso for served as superinsix years morals, progress into childand from infancywe spirit alike—forto body, strongbrain, tendent the of Men's Mutual Young

hood still more irksome restraints Improvement Association for the Britdrugs, alcohol, and tobacco are come our way which are crosses to ish Mission. harmful to the human body, and

bear or yokes to wear; and as adothe Spirit of God is wounded and

lescence is approached we develop withdraws itself from an unclean, an independent and rebellious spirit. need to be protected by laws which polluted body, and before he knows

The curtailment of our wishes and will decrease their menace to society it, the individual may be given over desires (not necessarily of our libby removing temptation. "No"is to the buffetings of Satan. He or

erties) becomes most irksome until one of the hardest words in the dicshe becomes a slave to habit....

open rebellion against parents, tionary to learn to say. Who wishes to become a slave? No

church, and state is sometimes the Fear of the word "Prohibition"drunkard ever wished to become a rule in adolescence. caused the state of Utah to go wet. helpless, hopeless drunkard when he

Progress from the adolescent stage No more need we fear, for hatred of first began drinking.

to that of a socialized citizen, where- a condition has taken the place of Thirty out of fortyeight states in the individual has arrived at a fear. have local option and are partially

point in his development where he dry. The pendulum has swung to

has put away childish things and no TIIatred of the word "Prohibition,"the extreme left, and now is beginlonger thinks as a child, is a painful and abuse of the conditions ning its course back to the right.

process, and every setback, worry, caused by Prohibition caused a reIn what place will Utah find itself and frustration of plans becomes an bellious spirit in members of the when it finally votes to join those excuse to revert to the atavistic Church to vote against the advice of who have voted right?

tendency of our childhood to gain its President, although he was susUtah's first disgrace was voting—butpleasureinsteadfrom ofone's"suckingown indulgencethumbs,"tainedelator asby amanyprophet,of theseer,veryand indirev- tohadrepealhad theProhibitionWord ofafterWisdomits peoplefor

the adult sucks cigarettes, chews toviduals who voted against his advice. one hundred years. Utah's second

bacco, and drinks alcohol for the This confesses the tendency of memdisgrace is that the state is still wet "kick"he gets out of it. bers to disregard their sustaining while others are going dry.

Just as children need Prohibition vote of the President as a prophet, Your motto: Have the very best

to safeguard them against burning seer, and revelator, the same as time you decently can. Your resotheir fingers by fire, so do weak adults generations past in Old Testament lution. A dry 1940, by local option.

JfaL WATER HOLE By LUCY G. BLOOMFIELD

mwzjzJswxr/AfArcy.-f'r

father told it to us children, so I but there wasn't enough sugar to.o our pleas for the will endeavor to tell it in his words make it taste right good.water holezstory, my father would and manner: "We never used the guns to shoot

invariably say, "Shucks, I can't tell rabbits because the cartridges were a story."But what he told and the "Well sir, I remember little Heber too precious. We never knew when

way he told it always more than had been real sick. Mother had we would be compelled to shoot to

satisfied us. held his head on her lap all day so protect ourselves and the teams from

Just what the urge was that made as to ease the ache from the jolt of the Piute Indians and they were on him journey forth to new lands and the wagon. Mother was mighty the war path again, or so we heard

country, I have never been able to good to the children and never lost when we left. We never ran across

understand, but Father felt he must her temper with them like I did when any that were hostile though, or I move from Parowan, Utah, to Manthings went wrong. might have a different story to tell

cos, Colorado. "Aunt Margaret's father had been you. Most of all we were afraid

Father's first wife had died, leavover the country and had marked they would steal our horses, and ing him with six little children to out a sort of map on a paper sack that would have meant tragedy to us rear. My mother was very young before we left Parowan. He had all. They tried it once, but ran

when Father chose her to be his secmade the trip back from Arizona away when Enoch hollered for me ond wife and mother to his children. that way. Most important of all along about daylight or a little beMark, the eldest, decided to stay in were the water holes and springs fore. Either Mr. Lamb, two of the

Parowan, and little Mary died of and the dear Lord knows they were boys, or I kept watch every night heart disease. There were James, few and far between. We had a for weeks.

fourteen; Anna, twelve; Enoch, ten; thirtygallon keg which we tied on "Well, when we got closer to the

and Heber, eight. the side of the wagon, in which we clump of willows, the boys ran on

The journey was started in the hauled water. ahead, for they were getting mighty

late spring of 1880, but there was "This day that Heber had been thirsty, but when I saw a bunch of a stopover at Shonty to do some so sick we had about used up the wild horses galloping away from freighting to get flour for the trip. last of the warm, stale settlings. the place, I tell you I began to get

Father traded a cook stove for a Heber had a fever, so we all went scared. Our worst fears were realsteer, which was made into "jerkey"without water so as to give him more. ized, for the boys came running back

to take along. Finally the real trip Well, we traveled along as fast as to tell us there was not a drop of

was started with what supplies could we could because we just had to water there.

be gathered, and they were meagre make a place called Willow Springs "We drove on into the little grove enough indeed. by night so the horses could get of willow trees. There was the place

Another family by the name of water, and we were getting mighty the spring used to be, but it was

Lamb decided to make the trip, too, dry, too. nothing but a driedup, trampled

as it was so much safer for two out- "As near as I can remember, the mud hole where the water should fits to travel together. There were springs were eight miles from the have been that we needed so desthree children in their family, if I Lone Cottonwood, which we passed perately. We unhitched the tired,

remember rightly. in the forenoon. We knew we were thirsty horses and tied them to the

The trip was through southern on the right track because of the wagon wheels and held a council.

Utah, northern Arizona, and into three notches on the Cottonwood as The boys lay down in the shade of

Colorado. A few wagons had made was described on the map. Along a willow and whimpered a bit, but

the trip over the same route father about two o'clock we sighted the they were too brave to cry. Water

decided to travel but there was no clump of willows. we must have or perish!

road. It was largely sandy desert, "The little cottontails were about "We decided to boil the rabbit

flat sandstone, and countless miles of the biggest blessing we found on the this time in a bit of the remaining sagebrush. Across the sandstone whole trip. Enoch and Jimmie had water because it was not fit to drink,

the only way to find the trail was chased two of them that morning but first we saved out a cupful for by a few wagon wheel marks left and killed them with rocks. They Heber. I sent Jimmie after some

on the soft sandstone. At times the tasted mighty good I tell you, the wood and brush to make a fire.

way would be lost entirely. It was way mother rolled them in flour and When he threw the armful down,

then the boys would be sent ahead fried them in bacon grease and then out crawled a side winder rattleto look for the wagon wheel marks made gravy. We didn't have much snake buzzing like all git out. I tell

on the rocks. to eat besides bread, beans, bacon, you, papa made short work of killThe story sounds better just as the dried meat, and Brigham tea, (Continued on page 246)

By JEAN McCALEBA BLIND BOY'S ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Iliff Jeffery, blind since Speaking of his life on a western others as well, for, affiliated withWhenhe was five years old, enfarm, Iliff Jeffery states, "Each the Center for the Blind in Salt tered a western college, his summer since I was large enough to Lake City, he visits the blind in case was found to be exceptional in do any work at home on the farm, their own homes as instructor in many ways. In the first place, this I have had my share along with my Braille and as special counselor to

remarkable youth had refused to let brothers in milking the cows, taking assist them in making normal adjusthis handicap deprive him of a good care of poultry (which is my hobment to life situations. Iliff himself

education; and better still, instead by), working in the hay field, helphas found the way to happy norof his inability to see dulling his ing with the harvest, threshing malcy. As a senior at B. Y. U. he

views of life in general, it had seemgrain, and in doing the other odd married La Vieve Jesperson, who had ed to sharpen and to give fullness \obs which make up farm life. been his reader during their junior

to these views. addition, In young twoyear-old a have year. They

I 'trompfirst attempted "WhenJeffery further attracted attention Leiloni, at are present daughter, and

I it to rather hay, hard found bringing to collegeby a cow, and a ing'of Twentyfirst the members Ward, off slipping of keep from the edgewinter's Iliff rations her. of for Iliff hay office Stake. the holds Ensign

load, pitchfork, using a but the by firstsold milk the quarter then and Elder. of

I to the distance soon keep managedset successful a hayselling more up isn't itself real the "Blindness in side pretty well to side frombusiness for which, the following Jeffery. handicap,"says "That Elder I this, mind. to debesides But hadyears, his paid school, through way is learn obstacle physical a by we balance, extra of velop sense an keen Iliff Jeffery in Delta, born was trial error master. to to and Harder ability, this with and I was added fiveUtah, and he years when was is the ageold tendency overcome on off sliding the able to keep from triedold to one he sugar top day part of the to people normal symthe edge, person average wherebeets knife. with a pocket When in pathize the us with way: wrong over."might have gonethe knife slipped, child's of the one little in they confidence our have

eyes was badly cut and the vision Jeffery insists that he has no betability. They underestimate what

ruined. Although he was rushed to ter sense of hearing than the averwe can do, and this lack of confispecialista in tests Salt that ear have infecage person, and Lake City,

right.tion set in, "I just use eventually he is and he was shown my tancedence tois attemptreflectednormalin ouractivities.own reluc-I

made totally blind. Sent to the State ears to better advantage,"he exfind life to be much different from

School for the Blind at Ogden, he plains. In the same way, he has dewhat most people imagine it would be

spent the next nine years of his life veloped an exceptionally keen sense for a blind person. It could be, I suphisthere. feeling ability of with both popularity hands His and are and pose, dark, but could anybody make

Iliff if first feet. his excellent scholasticshown wondered by At life this his Certainly perway. some

itstanding, try to to offices while the held. worth and be would he by lives their dismal, sons have made

final his special for himself instituthis atDuring prepare some year conditions, best the under they when ittion, Finally, line elected decided work. of he student he was body almost imaginable every had adIliffpresident. selfsupporting to his duty entered be young was When I feel vantage. But my placethe Delta School, so he majored High he soon and independent, all in to best the of make itmyis opportunreligious his sociology could educationfound he hold with and own ities to the next opportunand make

the best students. and obtained a teacher's high school ity just a little better. He was class debater two years certificate.

I "I find that get enjoycan school senior, as debaterand a when training his enables Today practically out of anything him ment also ofhe the debating was manager to himself, only serve not but many in, that find other people pleasureclass. junior also a vicehe was As

president of his class. At a school such as ball games, dances, musicals,livestock show he won the Grand picture shows—since the talkiesChampionship with his Holstein bull, came into use—and many other

two years of age. LIKE THE BRAVE HEART forms of entertainment. Perhaps I

little The next year, the autumn of By Helen Mating have to depend on my friends a 1 932, found Iliff at Brigham Young more than other people do, but this has been because an asset, I haveUniversity, the at Provo, Utah. brave heart, Here T ike

I gained friends than more many grades.he made good treeless For work butte This

that was to be handed in, young JefBears its loneliness probably might have done otherfery used the typewriter as skilfully Starkly mute. wise."

as the average college student. In Like the brave heart, Is not this man's balanced view

addition to his record in the class This purpling swale of life, his splendid optimism, room, and his work as a debater, Wears its shadow, his dauntless ambition and courage

Iliff attracted attention as an expert A proud blue veil. enough to inspire all boys everywrestler, and for four years was a Brave heart, beauty where? Nor, after talking with Iliff

member of the school team, which he Rests its hand Jeffery, is it difficult to understand captained during a fifth year while On the lonely soul, why his friends speak so highly of studying for his Master's degree. On the barren land. him.

PILGRIMAGE

(L JUiwl Almtf* h&MvdL JuporL JthjL ivjoiML hkfPtwmf

By BETTY NOBLE

sions religiously, yet seemed to be in in ideals purpose, harmony and for or drank none smoked and I exMisstheBettyChurch,Noble,converteda memberin Greatof tended this abstinence to include tea Britain, who has since become an and coffee. This fact called forth American citizen, here recalls an incomments and questions which of cidentthe readingthat ofoccurredwhich willten yearsgive everyago,

course gave rise to frequent discusman cause to pause and ponder.

sions, and on one occasion I made the statement that in the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, we claimed to have the gifts exactly deck in the warm spring air and he began in existed early they the as Church.

little life very of I had 'Most my I cited example the case of one As

I in religion; for the regard was Army healing at mother's baptism own my

fit in with did not mode and God my trouble. a chronic heart from

life; fact, in of very the mention of I April 6, travel1930, was I said, Colonel agree "Oh! The to things irksome sacred most was ing the board S. on S. Ma* I entirely; with the sure you day amOn me. riette to Marseille, en route is if of miracles past; not sometime, father visits home, my my "On France, returning from Alexandria, it, I care to you would hear would in conversation engage would me tourfrom the a through Land. Holy like tell to experience an of you my spiritual welfare regarding and myThis perfect journey the most was own."things these consider of to beg meexperience of to flaw a my life—not to inthe tour day From day irritated seriously. but me, This my the sanctity like ofmar what seemed creased in interest solemnity, and at never loved father any and mea pilgrimage cloud in not the and a

sky from time of setting sail to arreaching the climax when we stood time did he show either anger or riving in Paris, again whence I had inthesilencebeautifulwithingardenthe sacredof "Gordon'stomb in wardness.impatience with any of my waystarted thirtythree before. days Calvary."of days more A few called I was came day when "The expected I had to take the jourto reand then we embarked father lay beloved on as home my alone,ney of travel, but found two parties

English and Scotch people, also sevturn from Alexandria, and April 6th his deathbed, and, taking my hand peacefully found us sailing on his, smile loving the in he with a gentle,eral independent travelers board, on beautiful blue Sea. Mediterranean to think on the asked once more meall rest on as I. the same errand The

of the passengers were bound for This was a significant day for all things which were so dear to his points as numerous and varied as Latterday Saints and, although I own heart.

the variety of their nationalities and was far from the scene of the cele- "After his death I resolved to live races. I was the only American and, bration of the Centenary, I wanted absolutely as my father had desired

needless to state, the only Latterthe day to be different. So I told my and so I began by renouncing first

day Saint on board. friends that I should not be present one habit and then another, attended

Finding that I was traveling at breakfast or lunch, as I wished to church regularly, donated liberally alone, people were exceedingly kind. fast on the first Sunday of the month, to all worthy causes, and tried, in

Placed opposite me at table were but that I should see them at dinner. every way I knew, to follow my

two of the finest men that it has ever They quite understood. father's injunctions and to please the

Lord, my God.been my privilege to meet—a Scotch When we had nearly finished dinclergyman from Glasgow who had ner I said, "This is a great day in "At this time I had a small farm

his M. A. from Cambridge Univerthe history of our Church, for in Salt down in Kent, and one day while

sity; and his cousin, a Colonel of Lake City is being celebrated the staying there I sat in my library and

the Royal Engineers, who had spent hundredth anniversary of the restor- (Concluded on page 245) many years in the East India Seration of the Church."A long convice of the British Army. He was a versation ensued and I had the opmost modest man, but the minister portunity of explaining many things

informed me that the Colonel had with regard to our belief.

taken the highest honors among the young officers when he finished his As we left the table I asked the training at military school. Also, Colonel if he had anything imduring the World War, he had three portant to do. He replied, "No; is

times been awarded the D. S. O. there something you wish me to do?"

for special service rendered. I said, "Yes; will you please tell me

We were all of different persuayour experience?"We sat out on

TALE joihsLA YUKON diu JblcL JbifUvl (f/ulieuu, 4-ihsL Tl&dh,

By S. H. COOKE

FIELDS GOLD THE RICHEST

OF BEINGTheinhabitantsIndians whoof thewereYukonthe earlierwere readyheard atostrangereturnnoise;home,thenwhenthey theysaw WITHOUTTHEIRFOR YEARSMOOSEHIDETHE YUKONTEPEESINDIANSOVER PITCHEDONE OF IN THETHE WORLD,FACTS. AWARE

of a different type from those what they thought to be a huge bird found on the interior plains and flying along on the water, and comprairies. Before the coming of the ing towards them. They paddled partner, telling him that these

white man, they were ingenious in for the shore, and ran into the woods strange beings would not do them providing themselves with the things to hide. any harm, that they were hungry,

life. in their dailythey needed They that they them cook some must and intending Shabahen, to run a up fish,lived entirely the game, fish. on and

hill, little fell back, suddenly andberries their the of country, and to his canoe Shabahen went down rolled in the right slope front down cariclothing dressed fire from made his was took box. got out a and He the of stood. white where men He ( hides.bou and moose modern The the cedar which board red box from

spirit evil thought the struck had still is in it, of theIndian adept fine Yukon in put a hole and some had him; forgotten fishthe he kelp had

it. hidedressing.) artthe of These took then bark cedar around He line tied ing It his waist. around

it requirements, simpleIndians into stick had his of put one end and had caught on some bushes anduntil introduction the of the white raptwirled hole the string the and pulled him back. influence, this tale fineman's of which idly. the spark lighted a Soon

has to tell. It is the legend of ShaWhen he looked up, he fainted cedar bark, and the fire was lighted.

bahen and the first white men. dead away. He took these white Then he put some stones in the fire

men to be creatures from out of the and piled on a great heap of driftChabahen lived in the village of sea. When he came to, the white wood. The white men were amazed,

Lahklan. Chief Tsibasha was men were making strange noises for they had never seen fire started

the leader of this village of about that sounded like the speech of the in this way.

four hundred Indians. One foggy crane to him. Their captain moFrom the canoe Shabahen brought

morning Shabahen and his friend tioned to him and with signs made a wooden box made of one piece, went out to fish for halibut. They him understand that they wanted bent at the corners, and fastened on

soon filled their craft, and were some fish. Shabahen called to his the fourth side with wooden pins.

The bottom was also held in place by wooden pins. Into the box he

put some sea water and some fresh water from the stream nearby. When

the stones were hot, with wooden tongs he put them into the box. Then

he put in the pieces of the fresh halibut which he had cut with a shell knife. When the fish was nearly

done, Shabahen went to the canoe and brought back a bag made from the stomach of a seal. He opened

it and poured oolichan grease (which was the old Indian's butter, made from the oolichan or candlefish ) into the cooking fish.

When the fish was ready, Shabahen gave large wooden spoons to the white men, and each dipped his big spoon into the box. By the time

that they had finished eating, the fog had lifted, and the Indians saw the first sailing ship they had ever seen.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1940

The captain motioned to Shabahen called for soapberries. A new canoe a gun and some ammunition. To

to wait, and he and some of the men was brought into the house by four one he gave a butcher knife; to anrowed out to the ship. young men. Into it were put the other a mouth organ; to another a

Soon they returned with many dried soapberries and water, which hand mirror; but to Shabahen, the

mysterious looking things, among the young men beat to a froth with captain gave the shiny brass kettle them being a gun, a sharp knife, and their bare hands. It was then served in which he had seen them cook the

a shiny brass kettle. Into the kettle in big wooden spoons, which were halibut on the day of their first meetone of the sailors put the fish and carved for this special purpose. The ing. That kettle is still in the possome water and set it on the fire. white men ate of everything served session of Shabahen's family on

The Indians were amazed, for the them. Dolphin Island.

kettle did not burn up, and when the Just before the visitors left, Chief The chief and his council decided water began to boil, they looked on Tsibasha gave them the presents to keep all these things hidden from to tell of thein wonder. When the fish was done, prepared for them. The captain their people, and not

the two Indians were given white accepted with many bows and handcoming of the white men among the graniteware plates and shiny metal shakes; then he invited the chief and other villages. In the fall he would

spoons to eat with. The Indians his council to visit them the next call together the nine villages of the

did not like the fish because it was day aboard ship. Tsimpsheans and exhibit all the

not seasoned with their highly ranmagic things which they had recid-flavored oolichan grease. That night the captain called toceived.

After the party had eaten, Shagether his crew and planned the Early in the fall the big potlatch bahen invited the captain to his entertainment for the Indians. Each (the giving of presents) was held.

own village, the direction of which of the crew was assigned a part: Tribesmen came five thousand strong

he sketched on the sand and by sign one was to play a mouth organ, anto the Kitkatla village to see the language. Before leaving, the capother to dance a jig, and so on. magic powers of Tsibasha and his

tain gave him some pilot bread Early the next morning the visitors council. One man came forward

(large, unsweetened biscuit), a bag arrived and filled the cabin to overwith something gleaming in his hand.

of rice, a can of molasses, and some flowing. The Indian visitors were Slaves held up mats, fish, and skins

tea. amazed! They gazed into a mirror in front of him, and with a few

Shabahen and his friends watched for the first time. Then a man began strokes of the hand they were cut to

the white men as long as the ship to make music from a piece of metal the ground in pieces. The people

was in sight; then they examined the in his mouth. stood back in awe when Shabahen

fire fish kettle his put of the overthings thought given them. They over, entertainment the capThe it that did they not up. and burn saw pilot lichen bread fromthe was tain their at to seats the them waved council After the demonstrated had people,"trees. from dead "Maggots table. the Indians the saw Then their Chief magic powers, Tsibasha cried the at lookedthey they when rice, pilot bread, molasses, about and pointed stepped forward and towardrice. the at they looked When told them, which Shabahen had and hole, instantly the there it and smoke themolasses, thought they was things, other strange were many like a noise loud thunder and was people, they of threwblood and dead table. chief spread the Their on all lightning. fainted, people Theit all afraid to away. were They eat. to bravely encouraged them for bethey never had heard a gun left tea, the of and packageexamine

it liked the the molasses; was They fore. for of fear placethe immediately

first really thing ever sweet they had this on, beTsibasha time From bewitched.becoming tasted. all chief, great a other the came and

YJlThen Shabahen reached the vilAfter a strange feast the Indians villages looked up to him. It was

lage he told his chief all about then enjoyed the gifts distributed by many years before the other Indians their strange adventure with the the captain. First he gave the chief learned about the coming of the

white men. Calling council, they white men, and the things they

decided what to do when the strange brought with them.

village. visited theircreatures They RETREAT rpHE Yukon Indians were just as fur, carved boxes,gathered together

and mats for gifts to the white men, By Katharine W. Kendall mystified when the white misand much food for a feast. 'T'his sunset brought into a soul sionaries later brought to them the

of wonderful message God (the sails of the the next day noon By of kings and wars and men Weary to learned Great as they Sun God chief sighted. shipthe were The grandsire's farm, of memory my A call Him). in their his council dressed upand of ten. lad a I... And

ceremonial robes, war paint, and Are we not all prone to fear that feathers, and went down to meet the When with a full day's work and sun which we do not understand? We

visitors. Gathered around the board, laugh at the incredulity of the poor

When the captain and his men Humble, each tranquil country heart Indian; yet how many people in the

came ashore, they were escorted to To listen to His Word, world today are doubting Thomases the chief's house where the feast when it comes to accepting great had been prepared. Mats were Whole with immemorial Christian truths? The Indian could

spread on the floor where the visitors Brotherhood to sod, not believe his eyes when he saw a were seated. The Indian doctor sang Returning thanks, renewing ancient pot over a fire, a pot which did not

and danced before the captain, and Covenants with God. burn. Nevertheless it was a truth

when the dance was over, dried fish which the white men told, as it was were served, then seaweed chopped A bell bespoke the eventide; also a truth which the missionaries

finely and cooked in oolichan grease, My sire with reverent head told the Indians of the Yukon later and then fish eggs dipped in oolichInvoked a quiet benison,—that Jesus Christ is the Son of

an. When all had eaten, the chief Peacefully broke bread. God.

MY VISIT TO AN NDIAN KEVA By S.EUGENE FLAKE

President of Snowflake Stake Mission

aggressive warfare with the desire In evenings, particularly the long to plunder, kill, and possess themwinter evenings, they do all manner selves of their homes and lands and of shop work, jewelrymaking, washCORN ROCK AT TOREVA VILLAGE ON SECOND property. ing, dyeing, and preparing wool,

MESA. A REGARDING LEGEND HAVE THEY

ROCK THISTHE FIGURES FLOOD IN THE But these peaceloving people spinning and weaving rugs and AND

STORY. have never waged aggressive warrobes, woodcarving, potterymould-

fare. Being few in number, they ing and -painting, corngrinding,

knew that there was safety only in hidetanning, and moccasinmaking.

wish to tell of a nation of people defense. Herein they have been sucIt is an inspiring sight to see their

I whosefined toentireten membershipsmall villagesis conlo- cessfuling positionby reasonon theof topstheirofcommandthe high adeptnessmember of thein familythese doingtasks,his everypart.

cated high upon rockbound mesas mesas where they could roll rocks One evening as I was looking for in the heart of the Navajo Reservadown upon an approaching enemy. the chief of one of the villages I was

tion. The houses are built of rock told that he was in a council meeting

and are for the most part very anwhich was being held in a nearby cient and weatherbeaten in appearKeva. A Keva is an underground

ance. chamber that must be entered by

These people are a mixture of the means of a ladder through a small

Hopi and Tewa Indian tribes. They hole in the center of the roof. As I

have a general governing body of approached this meeting place, I felt twelve councilmen elected by a delethat my intrusion on an occasion of gation sent from each village. This this kind would not seem justifiable

body is presided over by a chairman to them, for their sacred councils of the council also elected by the should not be interrupted by anydelegates. ( It is my opinion that this one not of their clan and especially

system of organization has been by one not of their own people.

times. sincewith ancient them ) Each VINTON HIS WIFE, FANNY, POLACCA AND WITH that learning outBut on I was THEIR CHILDREN MOTHER. AGED AND FANNY'Svillage organseparate has its own I side, graciously to enasked was

ization consisting of a chief and vilitslage council and announcer or Unlike many of their neighboring ter.pectationThis honorand aswasI hesitatedbeyond myforex-a

town crier who calls loudly from tribesmen, they are furthermore moment, somewhat reluctant about the house tops anything of public very industrious. It can be said that entering, I heard a sound from beimportance. Within each village are they are constantly at work. They low that gave me full assurance that

their routine so systematized have clans.various clan has its Each was welcome. When I reached the that they can do consistent work I socialparticular duty and responsibility. through every season of the year. OLD ORAIBI VILLAGE, OLDEST CONTINUOUSLY

CITY INHABITED to be There done outof- is work people a splendid These have ON WHATIN ISTHECALLEDUNITEDTHE STATES,THIRD all daylight the doors during hours. LOCATEDMESA.moral code which has come down

through the generations. They also

have many practices which can be easily recognized as Christian throughout their ceremonial performances.

This most interesting people live close to nature. Children of the rockribbed hills, they have adapted

themselves to the requirements of their surroundings and in the face of great opposition have maintained themselves against physical odds such as late and early frosts, drouths and crop failures, famine, pestilence, SM,$ and disease.

But their most dreaded scourge was neighboring tribesmen who frequently marched against them in

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1940

bottom of the ladder, I beheld more lifetime and is laid away in a secure snipers'; their admiration goes out

than thirty men sitting around the place until her death when it is to an athlete who has won outstandfloor of the Keva, spinning woolen taken out and placed upon her body ing honors. They have many enviyarn with spindles. They had been as a sacred burial costume. able records. Among many better

thus engaged while discussing probOne of their stories tells of a time known achievements are longdis- lems pertaining to their community not many years ago when famine tance races in which they have comaffairs. came to their villages. Because of peted with men on horses and have

As I sat there among them on the the suffering they endured, they been victorious against almost unrude rock bench that had been worn were taught this valuable lesson, albelievable odds. These are the men

with long years of use, I realized ways to keep a full year's supply of who prepare themselves physically that I was enjoying an exceptional provisions on hand, that in the event to endure the poisonous bite of the privilege. Here in this rude place of of a crop failure they would be deadly rattlesnake, as they are often

worship, I realized that, although spared the suffering they once enbitten while performing the greatest they have been groping in darkness, dured. This custom is kept faithof all their ceremonial dances, the

still their traditions have kept them fully by all the people. worldfamed "Snake Dance."In it

as nearly as has been humanly posThey have been taught that to they carry on a lengthy performance sible in the "straight and narrow keep their bodies strong and beauwith writhing, twisting, striking path."And on hearing their explantiful an early morning run to a dissnakes of every kind that can be

ation of their belief and doctrine, I tant spring, a cold freshwater found near the particular village in realize that they have done excepbath, and then another run back to which the ceremonial dance is held.

tionally well. In fact, after hearing their work will tend to keep them This sacred ritual is observed at

of our beliefs and doctrine, they young and active. Some of them some one or two villages each year.

often exclaim that we believe alike, keep up this practice. It is essentially a prayer for rain,

and, placing their two index fingers They are a nation of herowor- believed in implicitly by these peohorizontally together, they say that ple. And a kind, merciful Father,

they believe as we do and that we who is "no respecter of persons"and is the "rewarder of them thatare brothers. I do not deny that they A FAMILY OF BEEHIVE whohave many superstitions and weird diligently seek him"has respect for

practices; their worship is filled with ENTHUSIASTS their childlike faith and rewards

such. But it is a beautiful worship By Elizabeth H. Welkev them as they stand in need.accompanied by the simplest of While this form of worship seems

childlike faith. twentyfive years our family has

there barbarous, extremely be may For the doing work; been BeeHive close In nature, with touch they in their for significance regard some her completes daughter seventh theirregulate worship its pheby in carryas mediator the serpent a 1940. of spring in the third rank I know certain anomena: formation when their petitions to the ing "Great contributes that so other agency of no stars visibleof the becomes through recall the Spirit."will that You inhole the of top the they Keva, in aris very serpent head common

their rites.perform sacred most ancient chitecture the temples of

TThrough tradition they know of of Mexico and Central and South the Savior and believe that He America, the ruins of which are bewill return again to them as He once ing unearthed today in those counpromised their fathers that He tries. The plumed serpent was a

would. They observe many prinsymbol of the Savior to the ancient

ciples which are easily recognized peoples of this continent. And so

as distorted forms of the true wortoday, with these, their descendship of Jesus Christ; for example, ants, the feathers of the eagle and

when one has sinned or transgressthe serpent have a definite place in ed their law, he submits himself to their worship. I believe that because

humiliation to assure his fellows of Moses'raising the brazen serthat he has a humbled spirit and has SISTERHER SEVENELIZABETHBEEHIVEH. WELKERDAUGHTERSAND pent on a pole as a symbol of the

repented. They then have a cleansSavior to ancient Israel, those who

ing process with water which can highly to the joint lives of mother and were bitten by poisonous reptiles be likened to baptism. They pardaughter as BeeHive. It has been a who should look upon this symbol

take of sacred meal which has had constant joy to us, to "fill cells"togethwould not perish. (I give this as

in in the home, in the Church, and my opinion of the origin of this blessing upon pronounceda it by er,the community. practice. symbolicaltheir old men, which is thrills the greatest Perhaps have

of the sacrament. They believe that come to us in the field of outof-doors, In the main, these people are gentheir marriage covenant is eternal, because that largely has occupied our uine and friendly, and maintain a

and this ceremony is a very sacred leisure time. Over the years, as each wholesome attitude toward the

one to them. It is attended with daughter and her friends have worked world. They are outstandingly ingrave vows and pledges and the ocat their BeeHive ranks, I have joined dependent. They ask no favors and

casion is one of great celebration, them in the search for knowledge in receive little in the way of help merrymaking, and feasting by the the great outof-doors and we have from the government, but are prachiking gone and swimming bridal tically cosentire community. selfsustaining. set The a They

boating. and climbed high have Wecamping, is designed beautifully and of optimism wholesometume example and to note mountains flowers the the and

significance. bride's I find courage.has great invariThe almost them tiny lichen the rocks, growing on and

robe must be spun and woven by we have played games and danced folk ably to be honest, truthful, temperthe brothers and father of the groom. dances up there. ate, and virtuous. Their hospitality

It is worn only once in the bride's {Concluded on page 240) knows no bounds.

WOMEN MUST WAIT Jri call drifted over By HELEN HOOPER the pasture and into the east orchard, where Linda Crandall and

Gerald Anderson were picking the quite understood his full meaning.

its import struck home,first of the juicy red apples—"LinAnd then as

to her it meant realization of what O—Linduh."duh—stiffened her tightened her lips and Mother wanting me to "That's

come in and help with supper."body. She spoke carefully: "So,

Linda climbed down from the ladder you're going to take the money you for marus to get saving been sides have on the her hands wipedand mission. ried, Then on a and go overalls. "Thanks blue denim herof

for helping me, Jerry. I'll send Bud after that, you're going to get a job,

out to carry in the baskets. Will and go to school. It seems that you

that you forgotten quite haven't eight?"over about beyou

fall. in the to marry you asked me laid youth Linda."The "Wait,

to asking are you me So wait—but arm. Linda'shis on bronzed hand to going think I'm do you do what tell you. to something got "I've galliyou're waiting, I'm and I while tonight, until wait to goingwas 'Big doing world the vanting around then paused, andbut—"Jerry stay to home, going I'm Things.'as slowly, his announcement,made quilts I rag piece guess, and sew and rare a uttered was each wordthough get told once we'd rugs. me You mission."a going on "I'mgem: farm; the leave you married and startled Linda's mission?""A it. I plans your hate now, But know quickly. "You his searchedeyes haven't. mine Well, changed. have somemission, real away amean far as go Anderson; go, Jerry Youwhere?"as as long you stay and want you

America, to South "Honest, find to expect don't me aslike—but it Isn'tLinda. EYES LINDA'S "A MISSION?"STARTLED back!"you come when I here HIS QUICKLY. A SEARCHED "YOU MEAN how? Jerry, "But, Jerry—wonderful?"the ran toward turned Linda and MISSION REAL SOMEWHERE?"AWAY afford couldn't father yourthought eyes stung tears her house. Angry

to send you."but she dashed them away with the

"He can't, Linda, but you know back of her hand. How could Jerry do this to her? All her life she'dI've been saving money, and Dad loved him. She'd been his girl ever

says he can spare me from the farm. since the day he had saved her from

Bishop Williams says that with the drowning in the old mill pond. And

contributions I'll get, he's sure I'll be now he was throwing her over to go ableelse—"to manage.Jerry squaredAndhis somethingshoulders By EdithREBIRTHCherrington oneverybodya mission,that deliberatelyhe preferred tellinggoing

and his chin took on a determined on a mission to marrying her. She

angle, "I've decided that when I get farm spreads large before the eyes of never wanted to see him again!

man. right back coming I'm nothome, to A in the stood orchard where Jerry is a promise that the brown earth Here job and get a to going I'm farm.the incredulity left him. Linda Hurt had keeps,

go to Agricultural College. With a The consummation of a cherished plan was on his face and in his eyes.

little scientific knowledge, you could For things to grow and flourish while he Linda was the girl he loved. It

sleeps. like a farm withreally do something that she hadn't occurred to him his hand, beneath surging the plow do. Feeling to I aim that's whatthis, and wouldn't as he was over be as thrilled the freshturned of goodness the Smelling

Big things."earth, this grand opportunity. He wouldn't

Jerry's eyes had shifted from Will make him pause and say, "This is my hurt Linda for worlds, but, in some

Linda and were fixed on the far Thisland!the assurance of my own rebirth."way, he knew that he must be true

horizon. He talked on, slowly, as to himself and his convictions, in

though he were putting a dream into Long hours there are, and luxuries are few, order to be true to her. He picked

words for the first time. Jerry's But when he greets the dawning of the up his straw hat and jammed it on

eyes flashed proudly across the fields And dayviews his acres, jeweled now with dew the back of his head; then he leaped

and back to Linda, who was standing That sparkles on the green fields of hay, the fence and started home. Perstrangely silent. And sees the magic in the plants that rise haps, he told himself, Linda would

in the he furrowed seeds From after reasonable got used she more broken be been dark eyes had The girl's sod:

rate to the idea. he would At any the while he talked. him allstudying he certifies feels that through his work He

It seemed at first as if she had not Creative kinship with the wish of God. (Continued on page 242)

MARCH WINDS THE SPRING AGAIN BLUE APRIL

By Annie Wells Cannon By Rose Ross By Anna Prince Redd

I within April wakes for the spring again my heart Blue rapture again! spring I'mThecrying A winds bring this will the MarchWhat stirs that leaves at first the willow rain, after faint wind Like fragrance The year

Soft breath of springtime violets, The bluebird's song across the sky, dawn;

Fresh blades of grass and song of birds, White clouds like sheep slowdrifting by, My singing heart goes forth to meet capture flushed lands green And and gay And meadow rain, 'gainst of splash pane, windowA her every whim, her song. in mood, between, peeping Her gayest crocus With of cheer? peace, beauty, world andA

that's bright, clear of quail and The call this, this bring year? the windsWill March

And balmy winds to soothe the night:

for the spring crying again I'm II POEM MY again! spring The

this will the bring winds MarchWhat athirst rain, leaf for Feusner Rutheda stem and For By year again! spring The

shells, bursting shriek ofHarsh bombs and paint a picture cannot cries ofFierce pain towns aflame from I sing lovely a song; Nor at sea, grain, trampledShips and sunk

fear? of famine, hate, and worldA

this, bring windsWill of March this year? ToI cannotmove speaka passivewiththrong;fervor

Ill Nor can I build a castle O winds of March blow kind this year; Or even the smallest home;

Remove the hate, the angered strife,

That threatens now, the very life But I can make you happy

Of a world so beautiful and dear. Because I write a poem.

Restore the loveliness of earth,

The flowering fields, the scented pines, the sacred peopled homes,The shrines, A PRAYER IN SPRINGAll things of worth of beauty and

Oh, precious world, divinely fair, By Sylvia Probst

May March winds blow thus kind this year! find it easy to be glad today;

I The world is giving loveliness away:

MY PRAYER TheGreenskyvelvettied underfoot,up with canopiesa tree inof bloomblue,

By Lydia Hall AllA bluebird'spink andsilverwhitenoteswith todelicategreet theperfume,dawn, SPIRES wrinkled, tumbling laughing along brook of eyes, a pair A meGive dear Lord, By Mabel Jones blue violets its banks myriad With on daffodils, see the golden That

That are not blind to starlit skies, In all the world there is no room for sorrow.

Or sunset glow on crimson hills. Pointing ever upward Dear God, I would save something for toFrom the temples of our Lord, morrow

Give me a pair of ears, dear Lord, Leading us, guiding us higher, May I keep just a little of spring's song

That hear the streamlet's murmuring, In every act and word. Reserved here in my heart when spring is

That are not deaf to mocking birds gone,

And their rapturous antheming. Giving us heights to climb to, When flowers fade away and die,

Setting a goal afar, And dreams are broken things, torn all

Give me a heart that understands, Pointing the way to perfection, apart;

A soul that thrills with ecstasy To the Savior's guiding star. May hope bloom as a flower in my heart.

of creations; sight Lord,At Thy When

life abundantly. moreGive me Oh, may our aims be worthy, And bleakestall the bluewintero'erheadrides acrossis opaquethe gray,day;

All our ideals be high, May I have saved a little happiness

Looking towards God immortal, To give to some hearthungry passerby

VACATION As the spires point to the sky. Who has not kept as much of spring as I.

By Hallie Grigg These mountain walls are like a church, "A GARDEN"orthodox. Serene and APRIL ETCHING By J. ]. Cushing the choir is singing pines;The

rocks. altar, mossgrown The

western sky is a stained glass, By Kathryn Forbes Clyde We'll plant a garden this spring day,The little I, son and My light, Reflecting mellow of bright marigolds, gay, all a calm, over peace deepAnd they'll the touch sky. On,Thelet mefreshholdyoungsuch beautylovelinesscloseof toearthme: ASorowtall Drifts night. the with downward

and sky; I would this sunbathed panorama be Some pansies, violets, and phlox,

Stenciled forever on my inner eye. We'll choose the best of all,

PARTNERSHIP WITH GOD Let not my heart be one that soon forgets And have a world of lovely blooms,

By Gertrude Hanson TheOr firstemeraldshy carpetingglance of thepurplenew violetsgrass weaves To gather in the fall.

dare not carry it alone, Beneath their covering of last year's leaves. I'll teach him now at spring of lifeWEThis sacred call to parenthood Arm me for days when sunshine disappears To sow his seeds with care,

In humbleness we kneel to plead And graying clouds, with ever lowering And find at fall of life's short span

For all the help that we shall need. glance A worthy harvest there.

Effuse their weary and depressing tears

We pray for understanding hearts, Across the worn earth's shabby counteThus weeding through the early years,

For courage, love, for songs to sing nance; We help to beautify

And staffs for paths that must be trod Then may the glory of this moment start Our garden of eternal days

We are in partnership with God. From some forgotten corner of my heart! That blooms beyond the sky.

BULLETIN OF THE ITZAN SOCIETY remembered it. The presentation is as in-

(2067 So. Hobart Boulevard, Los Tabernacle "Sermonettes"formal as the subject matter is delightful.

Angeles, California.) Published by Harper Replete with anecdote and furnished with

and Brothers ample and revealing detail, each chapter some on intimate forms commentary an in the authenticity the of BookBelievers is title the a of Hills the Unto life the of private public the and of phase atof intrigued every are Mormon by selected sermonettes of from book times. light ancient to cast the of storytempt upon L. has those Richard which Evans

skill in seher has shown Mrs. Harmer recent therefore, theAmerica, and, welcome the written during presented naand

the incidents lection from of themes andformation organized of the Itzan Society, the of tionwide broadcasts Taberachieves available material of and wealth"for research."preColumbian American is It Choir. nacle published being by

wide, type, continuity. Large and easy anIt the ancient will history of "the emphasize City, Brothers, and York Harper New to pleasant further aids are borders white peoplespyramidbuilding of middle Amerfirst will in the available be and week

writer, Mulder, staff reading. William Era colonizations,ica their origins, Asiatic and is April. President a member Evans

the in Instructor Eng'Department of and to civilization,religion, special legacy and First the of the of Seventy, Council lish, Utah. University of bulletinthe gives a world."modern The editor of managing Improvement The

existingbrief of the but fascinating review director features of special and Era, OF THE WAR the history ancient concerningknowledge for in Salt radio Lake HANDBOOK station KSL David H. Popper, and (John C. de Wilde, Society theof "middle America."While City, Utah.

Mifflin Co., Houghtonis Eunice Clark. in the the leaders nondenominational, publication in response This comes

pages. $2.00.) 1939. 241 circles, in Churchmovement, well known to tens of letters of thousands from Boston,

into bring Saints, toare eager Latterday inthe of average man's keen that the nation, requesting throughout Because full bearing light science findings the of conflict, they terest in available. the present be made book European The

story. of the Theupon Book Mormon includes distressing perPresident a foreword and so by has which become J.

is Dr. the ofpresident Wells Society M. Clark, will rethis plexing, Jr., as a Reuben and be welcome comes handbook

the in scholar trained thoroughlyJakeman, later in fully issue viewed of information a more factual graphic of and volume lifefield Society. the entered Long by this will magazine. nations principal the of book the be resources The about

success great Society, Itzan theto and may priced at /. C. involved. $1.50.—M.

its interested efforts! All areattend who the dewritten following book was The

in the should Society membershipto secure exact the after of Poland, mise which more the to above A.write W. his title greatness; story, the present of not as the a became nature European war address.—/. may

MATERIALS AND AIDS TO THE suggest,matic incident,of empirebuildingelemental struggle,in terms andof drahe- apparent.however, Thewere materialsgathered containedover a periodtherein,of

TEACHING OF THE EFFECTS roic conquest; but golden memories of life years and brought strictly up to date byOF ALCOHOL, TOBACCO, AND in a pioneer community and in the family the authors at the time of its writing. They

OTHER NARCOTIC DRUGS. of that community's leader as a young girl have succeeded in carefully boiling down

(Dr. Francis W. Kirkham. Published with experienced it and as, in advanced age, she {Concluded on page 227)

the assistance of the Granite School District, 1939. Mimeographed, 117 pages.)

THErequirelaws ofthatUtah,the andfactsmanyconcerningother states,the effects of alcohol, tobacco, and other narcotics be taught in the public schools. In

this helpful publication, "adapted tp the home, the school, and the community,"Dr.Kirkham suggests methods and materials SPECIAL VALUES

for such teaching. Some of the interesting

chapter headings include "Uniting the

Community to Protect Youth Against Toof Cigaretc. "The Advertisingbacco,"LeadFor CONFERENCE VISITORS of American Opinions ettes,""The

ers Regarding the Use of Cigarettes,"etc.

Effect Upon Women, of Tobacco "The and DeOutstanding values in L. D. S. Our Gift Shop is famous for Childbirth,""Tobacco Girls, and

linquency,""How to Stop the Tobacco Literature, general books, and its thousand and one delightful physmental, also with the It deals Habit."alcohigh grade merchandise are ofgifts and novelties. of effects social ical, emotional, and

hol. Here conveniently organized and skilfered at the Deseret Book Comfully presented is a compilation of materials We also have Easter Cards

that pany during Conference Week. information reliable, conservative and and other Greeting Cards for

teachers, superis finding use among wide responsibility visors, and others who have of While you are attending Conevery occasion. and protection enlightenment for the

youth. R. L. E. ference be sure to visit this Also a full line of Moving PicLeath- Radios, take ture Equipment, Store and friendly Book VALIANT WASONE WHO

attracPens, PenFountain of the er Goods, many and Mabel Haradvantage Spencer (Clarissa Young mer. Illustrated. Caxton Printers, Caldwell, tive bargains. cils, Stationery, etc., etc.

Idaho. 1940. 279 pages. $3.00.)

fail We are headquarters for all Church Literature and carry the largest stock ofNo tobookhaveaboutinterest,Brighamand OneYoungWhocanWas

Valiant is attractive especially because it books in the Intermountain Region fell from the lips of one of his daughters, who, until her death recently, was one of the few remaining personalities linking our own time with the colorful yesterdays which she describes. At the time of his death, an DESERET BOOK COMPANY

Young, "His said of Brigham editorial but 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah acknowledged, is universally greatness his goodness is known only to the few."

Here is a story of his goodness rather than

PRESIDENT GRANT IMPROVES, EMIGRATION FORMED AS CURLEW, GARFIELD

PRESIDENT McKAY RETURNS NEWEST STAKE STAKES REORGANIZED /ratifying President Heberdaily J.improvementGrant is reportin r\ivisiONMarch 10of createdthe Ensigna new Stakeunit to onbe HPheizedCurlewand itsStakewardshas dividedbeen disorganamong

ed from Los Angeles, where the beloved known as the Emigration Stake in Salt neighboring stakes: Holbrook Ward

Church leader entered St. Vincent's Lake City, comprising the Thirteenth, has been placed in the Malad Stake;

Hospital for rest, treatment, and obserTwelfth, Eleventh, Twentyseventh, Arbon Ward in the Pocatello Stake;

vation, February 5th, 1940. President Twentyfirst, and University wards. and the Rosette, Park Valley, SnowGrant left the hospital on March 15, The Ensign, North Eighteenth, South ville, and Stone wards have been made

but has been advised by friends and Eighteenth, and Twentieth wards repart of Bear River Stake. Stake Presiphysicians to remain in southern Calimain in Ensign Stake, where President dent Colen H. Sweeten and counsefornia for a further period of rest. Winslow F. Smith, George J. Cannon, lors, Willard R. Smith, Sr., and Arthur

officers Willie, stake all other and to G. continue and Oscar McConkie W. President David O. McKay, who released of thanks. a vote with were act as stake the presidency. Appointed sincehas been convalescing underhe

first El-: counselor Willard to preside Former the over Emigration new at operation a repair thewent Dee

lis Milton President succeeds ChristenBay is President Stake A. George in in Hospital Ogden, 1939, December,

returned to his desk in the office of the sen, former bishop of the Twentysev- Twitchell as president of the Garfield

First Presidency for a brief period in enth Ward; with Rulon W. Clark as Stake, with Douglas Q. Cannon and

March. On March 15 he traveled to first counselor. Other stake officers Barlow T. Luke as counselors. Z. WilArizona for further rest. will be named later. liam Mitchell was the former second

Reorganization was accomplished at counselor.

quarterly stake conference, which was New bishops have been ordained in

AUTHORITIES VISIT addressed by President J. Reuben the Kingston and Escalante North

HAWAII Clark, Jr., Elder A. E. Bowen of the wards.

of Council the Twelve, and visitors Ezra to theTVTarch Hawaiian C. WARDS, BRANCHES Salt Knowlton, of the chairman Lake Islands business on Church wereElder Charles A. Callis of the Council region in the Church Welfare Plan, UNDERGO CHANGES

of the Twelve, who was accompanied Oecent changes affecting the organby Sister Callis, and Presiding Bishop LAST OF EUROPEAN A ization or status of several wardsLeGrand Richards. Both Elder Callis MISSIONARIES RETURN and branches are as follows:

and Bishop Richards were in Honolulu A RRiVAL in the United States early in Division of the Garfield Ward, Oquirrh

March 1519, during Oahu Stake quar- ** March of President and Sister Stake, created the Garfield East Ward with terly conference. They participated Thomas E. McKay, their daughter Lorenzo Baldee as bishop, and the Garfield

with Nathan William Thomas Ward in all missionaries, the West 16 of groundbreaking cereLouise, and four March as bishop. of Bishop Blanchard H. Dimick for the Mission,monies the completed Swiss tabernacle, exodus $260,000 the Garfield released. former was Ward chapel, recreation of and miserected hall being over from Europe six hundred is the given Mount Ogden name Ward

on Beretania Street in Honolulu, and sionaries begun last September. Elders to the unit created last December by a diboth addressed sessions of the conreturning with President McKay were vision of Ogden 12th and 17th wards,

ference, where Elder Callis was pre- A. J. Beutler and Lewis W. Smith, of Mount Ogden Stake.

siding officer. Salt Lake; Jesse H. Monson, of PleasMonrovia Ward, Pasadena Stake, formerly branch, independent been has an ant Grove; Brigham of and Y. Card,

j > a ward. made Alberta. Cardston, Elder GastonPRIMARY ANNOUNCES Dependent branches which been have the of Mission, French Chappius whose are independent Branch, Cruces made Las GENERAL BOARDNEW in reside parents Lausanne, SwitzerStake, Rockport and Mount Graham of the Primary Gen-"D still is in land, Paris as the missiononly Stake. Branch, Summit v eorganizationeral recently completed Board was in ary to Europe. remain (Continued on 240) page

with the appointment of eighteen board members and a general secretarytreas- urer. Fifteen of those called served

with the former board. They are Vera

P. Wahlquist, Bessie Jones, Ebba P.

Larson, Berniece A. Ivory, Phyllis L.

Leishman, LaDell L. Woolley, Frances

G. Bennett, Katherine S. Bennion, Leah

A. Lloyd, Vesta E. Anderson, Jennie

Campbell, Jessie Schofield, Grace

Wahlquist, Margaret H. Stromness, and

Ruth W. Higginbotham. New members include Fern C. Eyring, Olga Carlson Brown, and Beth Paxman. Miss

Paxman succeeds Mary Jack as secretary-treasurer.

MISSIONARIES LEAVING FIELD FOR THE SALT LAKE FROM THE MISSIONARY HOME board Former have members who ARRIVED 26, 7, FEBRUARY 1940 MARCH 1940—DEPARTEDserved or longer ten years have and who right, first Left to row: E. Rex. Beck, Lloyd E. Galbraith, Fish, Ercell Helen Hendry, Etna Bowen, Myrtle released M. Hawkins, Dale J.been of Corbridge, with apprecia- a vote Bruderer. W. Alma

tion for long and excellent service are Berry SecondF. Banks.row: Bert E. Barlow, Don B. Colton, Norma Cossey, Leah Tanner, Dorothy Piatt, Glen Patten.

Matilda P. row: Third Randall, Dale Geo. Genet F. Bodouin, Bingham Clayton G. Turner, Robert L. Cook, W. Cahoon, S. Yates, Norman Keith E.

Clayson, Wilford Dale Bingham, Teseh. W. B. Kerr,Dee, Marion Nebeker, Ann row: Miller Bills, Fourth Ned Blaine Sherley W. Hatvcey, V. Rogers, Keith Woolley, Alvin Ivan T. Drake, Davis,Helen Smith, Cordia Lavar Pedersen, Hinton. A. H. Jane R.

Crawford, Edna C. Ericksen, Afton Wilde,FifthOrsonrow:L. ChristWm. ensE. en,Berrett,Loyal JedR. Robinson,Cortsen. James E. Asper, John Matt Mildon, Spencer T. Winn, D. Bradley

Young, and Gertrude P. Smith. Sixth row: Alton W. Huffaker, Norman E. Mott, Linden G. Roberts, Floyd B. Weed, Eldred H. Erickson.

jditoiiaL of our criminals, and makes the best news out of the worst phases of our living.

Once let a man defy all of the laws, all of the conventions, all of the decencies of society, and

TThe One Hundred and Tenth Annual Conhis name and face and deeds and words are known

Christ ference Church of the of Jesus of by all of us. He becomes a public figure, and a will Saints in the Taberconvene Latterday

nacle, Salt Lake City, Utah, Friday, Saturkind of glamour attaches itself to him in spite of day, and Sunday, April 5, 6, and 7, with anything that we seem to be able to do. And when

general sessions each day at 10 a.m. and 2 he finds himself facing justice a certain amount of

p. m. The general Priesthood meeting will sentimental support rises up in his defense. This is

be held in the Tabernacle on Saturday, April 6, at 7 p. m. true both of those who commit acts of violence and

those who are guilty of deeds of dishonesty with respect to public or private trust.

It seems at times to have reached that stage wherein a man feels that he should almost be apologetic for not having won any greater distinction than living life quietly, honestly meeting all

The First Presidency. his obligations, doing his best to observe the laws

of men and of God, and "going about doing good."

Such a man has no news value, and yet he is the reason why the world is as liveable as it is. It

AflANY of us are guilty of letting our lives become would be refreshing to see a headline dedicated to lost in a daily routine. We build habits of that man. But he gets his satisfactions from living

thought and action and suppose ourselves to be in other and happier ways.—/?. L. E.

secure in them. We rather imagine that our established procedure is of considerable importance to jrfhjUAM&WL

us and to the world in which we move, and, as long as life proceeds smoothly, we do not really know Come words deserve to be treasured as precious the relative values of the things about us, nor do gems—cared for and polished and tenderly

we know how well prepared we are to meet the treated. Such a word is enthusiasm. Enthusiasm

shocks and stresses and sorrows that at one time has so clean, wholesome, and sparkling a sound or another come to all of us. that merely saying the word aloud—correctly

But let someone cherished pass from us, or an makes a person lift his head a little higher, breathe illness lay us low, or a calamity take from us our a little more deeply, and develop a greater sense material security and accustomed1 habits of living, of wellbeing. Surely enthusiasm merely as a

and we see life stripped to its bare essentials. What word must do that for you.

we have left is not what we had supposed was By exploring a little, we find that the word important at all. We know then that the important should also make the spirit of man better, for, enthings are not our material possessions nor our daily thusiasm has come from the same root as the word

routine nor our precious comfort; rather, life theology. Enthusiasm should raise man to that

becomes a matter of permanent values—friends, realm where he can receive help from a divine

loved ones, exalted thoughts, work to do, and a source.

calm assurance of the eternal permanency of the Enthusiasm then should be applied to those human soul, and an unquestioning belief in the things which will upbuild the spirit and mind of wisdom and goodness of our Eternal Father. man. A person may be enthusiastic about study,

Blessed is the man who can put his feet on such about his family, about the Church, but about those foundations and not be shaken by the storms of life. things which apply to physical vanities or appetites,

And those who cannot face the buffetings with he shouldn't be too enthusiastic.

such wellgrounded assurance are in danger of A person's enthusiasms indicate what kind of becoming cynical, with confusion and sorrow in person he is. Let him have enthusiasms for petty

their hearts. R. L. E. things—and the spirit of the word will have lost its

lustre. He will find that his possession is but

JhsL VkivA. d Uul (Day. shoddy, lacklustre. Let him develop enthusiasm

\17'ithout meaning to do so we have in some for great things—and he will find that the word

measure become victims of a system of pubwill have taken new lights, new facets of beauty licity and sensational news reporting that ofttimes that he had hitherto not known it could have.

makes public heroes of our public enemies, martyrs—M. C /.

of the day are willing and ready helpers. Hostesses

need not surrender to cardplaying to make theirEvidences and parties entertaining. It may also be asked if an

hour of intelligent conversation is a thing of the past? or have we so Overemphasized the trivialitiesreconciliations of life that conversation must be reduced to gossip

about others? Whatever these answers may be,

xxiv. Should* cdisAdcu Saints the first objection to cardplaying is that it leads to

filcu athddu? preciouswaste of possessions.time. It "kills"time, one of man's most

'"Phis question refers to games using the socalled An ugly concomitant makes cardplaying objecplaying cards, of fiftytwo cards in a deck, tionable. From time immemorial, playing cards

divided into four suits: hearts, diamonds, clubs, and havesocial beengamesusedsmallfor stakesgamblingare purposes.set to intensifyEventhein spades.

interest. their Playing cards for use gambling and cards of the with played most and games These are as thought. long has been one and intimate So origin. It are of ancient has observedthem been

this association evil, that the gambling the under centuries that habit of experience of thethrough is intentions, best long seldom the absent from fixed cardplaying person, a becomes and upon table. card increases until he feels that a day without a game

of cards is incomplete. Even a casual glance at the Gambling relies on chance for success. Chance

bridgeplaying women and men in any community is the opposite of law. Disregard of law is the

will reveal the tenacious nature of this habit. Unessence of sin. Chance is the devil's own tool for

controllable habits are always dangerous. Thoughtdestruction. They who gamble, who walk with

ful men have at all times warned against the habit. chance, suffer degeneration of character; they beWithin the last few years, Mr. and Mrs. Ely come spiritually flabby; they end as enemies of a

Culbertson, the accepted leaders in the method wholesome society. A gambling den, however

and rules of the game known as bridge, were imbeautifully housed, is the ugliest place on earth.

pelled to publish a warning to the public against The tense participants live in a silence broken only, spending too much time at card tables. over the tables, by the swish of the wings of darkThe cardplaying habit leads to a waste of time. ness. There is an everpresent brooding spirit of

That is a serious matter, especially in our day. Unhorror of an unknown evil. It is the devil's own

enlightened ages of empty lives are of the past. home. All this, to a greater or lesser degree, acOur generation possesses gifts of discovery, invencompanies the use of playingcards. The temptation, and achievement, of use and beauty, beyond tion to gamble with them is ever present. The evil

the power of any one mind to encompass. The greatuse to which they have been put throughout the

est possible thrill of our lives, unknown to the past centuries seems to cling to them.

when too often men lived but to eat, drink, and die, It is a wellknown fact also that cardplaying is to know, feel, and be a part of the everincreasing usually leaves a person unhappy, with a bitter taste.

progress of this blessed period of human history. Pastimes should refresh the players. Losing a

After an afternoon or evening at cardplaying, game gnaws for hours afterward. Even if the game

nothing has been changed, no new knowledge, is won, satisfaction is often absent. The little misthoughts, or visions have come, no new hopes or plays of oneself and partner nettle the memory.

aspirations have been generated, except for another The behavior of the opponents is recalled with disopportunity to waste precious hours. It leads notaste. Such aftereffects, of themselves, should

where? it is a deadend road. A yawn and to condemn cardplaying. "That which does not

bed! Dull and deadly is a life which does not seek edify is not of God,"was the divine message to

to immerse itself in the rapidly moving stream of Joseph Smith, the Prophet.

new and increasing knowledge and power. Time For Latterday Saints, the strongest objection to

is required to "keep up with the times."We dare cardplaying is, however, that successive presidents

not waste time on pastimes that starve the soul. of the Church have advised against it.

The hostess turns to Cards to entertain her President Joseph F. Smith, says:

It friends. really is the easy Is she way. so helphas sent correspondent a request that A we say something less, that guests or her so stupid, she dare not offer of the on cardplaying. Heretofore, position we take I have

them anything better than a tedious succession of written upon it, both in this magazine and others, and spoken chanceassembled cards? What a compliment she of it many times before the congregations of the Saints.

I Personally, and always insistently and am positively if the intelligence she of her friends paywould to the Latterday opposed Saints cards, playing at either vision instead of the provided some little new circles, in in private home, public, socials, at or at other any heaven and the new earth which art, science, and gathering of the people. (Improvement Era, 16:510.)

the Gospel have opened to us!

By a meagre effort there may be brought into the Moreover, President Smith in numerous serhumblest home the study of the latest conquests of mons explained why cardplaying was objectionnature, the most stirring thoughts of the day, the able. ( See Smith, Gospel Doctrine, pp. 410418.

literature, greatest the ofbest music, reproductions President Heber J. Grant is equally emphatic: art, principles glorious or the of the most famous

of the Gospel. From the time I was a child and read the Juvenile Instructor,

published for the benefit of the people, I have read nothing

Printing presses, phonographs, and other marvels except condemnation of card- (Concluded on page 255)

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

THE ROMANCE OF 'Yes,'I answered, 'I'm glad you like then. I told the strange young man

DISHWASHING it. It was fun shining the dishes, polishwhere to find him. Pretty soon GrandBy J. Ellen Baker wichesing the forsilver,you. andThesemakingdishes,the silver,sandingfatherandandtalking.he came to the house laugh-

''At the table the young man told\\T Tow did you teach Rose Lee to be and linens belonged to your greatstories us all laugh. the grandmother.'that made doing while so happy We j"|

""'Do you suppose Greatgrand- afterwards had often wondered what kitchen is in the "* dishes? She

now humming while she polishes the mother ever gave parties for her little become of him. Then one day Grandplates. If it were my Peggy, she would girls?'Rose Lee asked as her eyes demother opened the door, and there he

silver. beautiful as. the dishes and jolly stood. older, but as was that voured He annoying, so disagreeable andbe

I "'Yes,'replied, noted a 'I heard told that he Grandmother again to ever. He do them wouldn't have she

soon."This was said by Mrs. Maiton, writer tell about going to Grandma's had come many miles out of his way

a neighbor, the mother of an eightyear- house when a little girl. She said the in order to see the family again. He

old girl who called anything like work, boys and girls liked to go there because hadn't forgotten their pleasant day todrudgery. Grandma did things for them as if she gether and wanted to sit at their table

it. enjoyed wanted She said she always more. once little girls at most Lee was like "Rose

to to be like wanted do the Grandma, ''After he left he sent Grandmother dishes''hated first,"I answered. "She

as she expressed it and did everything dishes as she did, because Grandma this lovely silver set.'

she could to keep from doing them. One wiped and polished them as if she were "The next day Rose Lee asked to

outburst rebellious because after aday I caressing''One daythem.the writer asked her why helphandledme. everythingI noticed thatas herif itlittlewerefingerspre- I realto her few dishes, wash aasked

ized I must face the problem that I had she was so happy and sang so much cious. And now she enjoys doing the

the dishes. she washed things she once disliked so much."also a whileseen developing. There was

"'This writer noted saw the look of dislike of all kinds tendency togrowing housework. surprise at her question. "I'm doing it "I decided I would be a chum to her for the ones I love best,"Grandmother THE COOK'S CORNER

and not be the dictator that I had been. said, "You see, those I love eat out of By Barbara Badger Burnett

after dishes and day so, day day discover these together, play wouldWe Spaghetti Ham Rolls get precious. the dishes more by day, together,things and work together.

Spaghetti package Globe "Al"I like different to the think Yi about perin I called her afternoon and "That slices boiled 6 ham reeaten sons from them and have who best I used sandwiches.served my grated cheese cup Y2, together."times our happy member cloth, silver, luncheon andchina, 1 tomato can sauce

tell stories real if they could "'Theynapkins. in boiling spaghetti salted water Cook

"Rose Lee's eyes grew big when she could talk, couldn't they?'Rose Lee until tender. Drain. Divide spaghetti onto

saw the beautiful things that she usually said. the six slices of ham, sprinkle with cheese

wasn't allowed to touch. "'Yes, and such jolly ones. One day and add two tablespoons tomato sauce over

"'How lovely!'she exclaimed. a stranger stopped and asked for the top of the spaghetti. Roll up in ham

fasten toothpick. with baking a Put in'Can't we do this often?'Grandfather. I was about your age and

in the pan. remaining sauce tomato Pour

bottom of the pan and bake in a hot overs

BY ELSIE—20 minutes. Serve with asparagus.

the Borden cow 1 can ThreeNewDiamondsCrab SaladBrand Crab 22 soda crackers, rolled fine 14 cup American cheese, diced 6 hardcooked Milk White eggs Hear ye! Hear ye! 34 finecup Nalley's wonder pickles, chopped

If it's Borden's 21 tablespoonstablespoon onionchoppedchoppedpimentofine it's got to be good! Nalley's Tang

Moisten the rolled crackers with Tang.

Mix with the other ingredients. Pack

This Borden "quality gently in a loaf pan and set in ice box.

control"scarcely leaves Serve on crisp lettuce with Tang.

us cows a bit of privacy. Fruit Salad Bowl

Inspections, baths, diet shreddedFill the bottomlettuce. of Covera largewithsaladabowllayerwithof

small regulation, aah, diced in and pineapple cut bananas publicity—

pieces. the alternate arrange edge Around And we play we love it all.

Fill slices grapefruit of and avocado. up to it with good rich milk, the center with green grapes and cherries.in

which the Borden people Garnish with sprigs of mint dipped in powevaporate, irradiate and dered sugar.

place in cans. Chocolate Eclairs

The label makes buying 321 cupcup GlobeCloverleaf"Al"butterflour

St. Charles. 1 cup boiling water easy—Borden's

Reach for it today! 4 BringMilk theWhitewatereggsto the boiling point and

is butter. the the butter melted A add When Utah

until flour all at once. mixture the add Cook Product

sides of the leaves the pan. Cool. Add

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1940

unbeaten eggs one at a time, beating after each egg is added. Bake in greased tins

40 minutes at 400 degrees. Fill with creamfilling and top with Ghirardelli's chocolate QUICKLY!ECONOMICALLY!

icing. *TH Cream Filling GLOBE 1 package Vanilla KreMel UAV

1 Borden's cup St. Charles Milk U]

1 water cup MACARONI Mix the milk and water together. Dissolve the Kremel in J cup of the cold fr>"

diluted milk. Heat the rest of the milk and

add. Stir until mixture comes to a boil.

Cool.

Chocolate Icing Mix ]/2 cup Ghirardelli Ground Chocolate with 1 cup powdered sugar. Add enough

boiling water to make icing thick enough to spread. Add x/2 teaspoon vanilla.

Spread eclairs.

On the Book Rack (Concluded from page 222) this great mass of available knowledge to an irreducible minimum, thus affording the layman a clear, concise picture of otherwise difficult and complicated conditions.

Here is to be found in straightforward language an easily comprehensible yet basic survey of the military, naval, air, strategic, and industrial strength of the principal nain appraising illuminating tions. Extremely

penetratYesterday's leftovers become tonight's delicious crisis are concise andthe present ing chapters on "What They Are Fighting casserole meal when you combine them with tender,

Blockaded?"For,"Be "Can Germany

For "Paying the War,"tasty Globe "Al"Macaroni. Delight the family and "Propaganda,"

and "The Defense of America."save time and money. Make friends with this redwrit- this o[ the War, Thus, Handbook the andblue cellophane package—learn the thrifty than rather reader general for the ten

specialist, is a welcome and fairly accurate magic of Globe "Al"Macaroni, It's 100% Semolina, at one's as the tragic elbow to guide have made from nutritious Durum wheat in a clean, from warfare develop of European events day to day. Wallace F. Toronto, Instruct sunlit plant. Ask your grocer for Globe "Al"

tor in Church Education, Formerly President of the Czechoslovakia Mission. Listen to "Mary Foster, the Editor's Daughter,"KNX, 8:00

THE WENDING YEAR A.M.; KSFO, 12:30 P.M. Every Monday through Friday.

(Claude T. Barnes. Privately published,

1940. 59 pages.)

INofthistheworkyear ofis Westerncommentedverse,uponeachin dayone % or more fourline stanzas. The author is-'

wrote "under the influence of the Wasatch

Mountains"but says: "Whether he be in

the Wasatch, the Alps, or the Adirondacks, anyone, when sitting beside a gentle stream, * **.:;

must somehow muse on the unfathomable mystery and complexity of life."Mood,

philosophy, and imagery in this work of verse contribute to delightful and stimulating reading.—/?. L. E. There's no guesswork when

RIVER OF EARTH you use doubletested Globe

Viking (James Still. The Press, New "Al"Flour for your bak1940. 245 pages. $2.50.) York.

! It's dependable, always ining writer first novel by a talentedThis perfect with and modern to the troduces his readers mountain

folk of the South in all their untouched fastcreaming shortenings.

quaintness and lovableness. The story centers in a lad, who, turning seven shortly

after the book opens, views his world in all its fresh beauty. Into a virgin land, on

which man has trespassed but little, the author weaves a story fresh and curiously inviting. Although the reader sympathizes

with the abject poverty of the characters, his that is misplaced,he PRICE sympathy knows REGARDLESS OF // live folk to these close for nature and BETTER find THERE IS NO in that association. Thisstrength beauty and

volume partakes of the nature of The FLOUR THAN... Yearling and adds some qualities all its GlobeAi

own. M. C. J.

in Your GreatestHow Interested are You

Source of Income?

BE YOU FARMER, LIVESTOCK MAN, EDUCATOR, WORKER,

BUSINESS OR PROFESSIONAL MAN, THIS EDITOR WILL

TELL YOU IN BUT 2y2 MINUTES WHAT UTAH'S METAL

MINES MEAN TO YOU.

Excerpts Taken From an Editorial which Appeared in the

Deseret News February 26,

I U T A M METAL

[President (rant Speaks

e t? <A.V OPT W'\

i V (Excerpts taken from The S. L.

,ot"Tribune Jan. 29, 1940

THIS IS BUT ANOTHER INDICATION OF PRESIDENT GRANT'S FORESIGHT AND LEADERSHIP AND IS PARTICULARLY TIMELY BECAUSE

OF THE IMPETUS GIVEN THE DRIVE FOR NEW INDUSTRY BY UTAH'S

METAL MINES, WHO, EARLY THIS YEAR, URGED IMMEDIATE RENEWAL OF EFFORTS TO ATTRACT GREATER DEVELOPMENT OF THE

STATE'S VAST NATURAL RESOURCES.

IF WE ARE TO CREATE NEW WEALTH, NEW PAYROLLS AND BUILD

NEW COMMUNITIES, SCHOOLS AND CHURCHES, WE MUST MAKE

CONDITIONS IN UTAH UNDER WHICH BUSINESS MUST OPERATE SO

INVITING THAT NO INDUSTRY SEEKING A NEW SITE OR A NEW

SOURCE OF RAW MATERIALS CAN AFFORD TO OVERLOOK LOCATING IN OUR STATE.

IN N C INDUSTRY

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVEJOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; JOHN A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH F. MERRILL, AND SYLVESTER Q. CANNON

OF THE FOURTH aA SUMMARY 1939,QUARTER, % ActiveMembers ANTILIQUOR-TOBACCO QUORUM

REPORTS STAKE || J? %% COLUMNHPhe accompanying tabular report ZO 2 < H.P. Sev. E.

activities certain of Priesthood in all stakes the making reports in MoapaMontpelier 68 55 9080 8997 5080 5882 INTERESTING RETURNS time for inclusion (February 26) Morgan 7 7 87 95 93 56 3, Questionnaire returns No. on The 81 37 79 5 77 7 Moroni will interest excite hope,will and, we "* 71 24 in the middle 3 95 coming began 90 which 3 Lake Moon in helpful. Conditionsprove no two 50 80 80 87 14 Ogden....14 enHghteningpicMount an February, of make yet exactly the same;stakes are 82 43 85 90 6 6 Mt. Graham of the campaign. the status ture of They

is small, large or stake a 59whether 4 72 40 93 4 Nampa in that expected, as many show, was 53 7 75 90 87 8 is rural, effective Nebo or no hanurban in interest taken great stakes has been 100 6 60 90 90 6 York New excellent to report shows,dicap, the work the and campaign 72 58 11 11 76 94 Davis No. Priesthood quoachievement by congratuour done. been has 60 73 11 86 Falls-..ll 80 We considerableoffer Idaho No.

rums. Energetic leadership seems to No. Sanpete 8 8 81 96 92 50 lations to all who have achieved obgive the answer. But what one has No. Sevier 7 5 71 59 73 61 jectives in this important undertaking.

47 80 93 93 16 17 No. Weber do. another This factdone, of attention the to need may But we call 60 72 91 4 68 4 Oahu still all. still of enthusiastic work, encourageshould more 62 83 94 6 90 7 Oakland

still of willing workers, more all and for more congratulate workers 53 79 82 90 22 23 Ogden We the results they achieved and enOneida 13 11 85.... 90 41 effective organizations. The officers of

courage them to labor for better Oquirrh 10 9 77 85 80 50 every Priesthood quorum, Aaronic as ones. PalmyraPanguitch 125 104 7086 6550 8986 5663 wellto appointas Melchizedek,a committeeshouldof activebe inducedmem11 74 48 75 11 80 Parowan abstifor this campaign to carry bers

81 91 67 9 90 9 Pasadena it % Member*Active member. to every quorum nence How 73 60 97 5 84 5 Phoenix si STAKE the done already been by has much.... 53 82 14 95 Pioneer 15 Is 3 5J

reachSev. E. H.P. toward in the quorum or 3 3 1120J quorum 13 59 85 86 90 16 Pocatello

Portland 6 3 80 90 80 50 ing campaign objectives? The first of

72 64 93Alberta 8 87 6.... 47 6 88 83 Portneuf 7 get it to recalled, these, be was may

..... 72 40 50 87 9 9 71 7 44 75 83 7 Provo fato become member every quorum 55 86 90 6 5 88 45 87 92 3 80 River 3 Raft literature the miliar campaign with 55 12 88 85 92 12 84 15 82 16 47 90 Rexburg telling truth little the booklets the three 55 95 11 90 90 9Bear River 81 11 54 11 79 88 Rigby

53 any tobacco. 6 75 Will 66 alcohol 5 97 and about 65 5 88 95 86 5 Roosevelt

Benson 11 11 76 88 79 41 Sacramento 5 4 90 96.... 55 quorum rest easily before at least this

85 8 59 35 8 86Big Horn.... reached? first objective been 5 has St. 75 86 46 6 Johns

41 95 10 88 10 80 18 68 30 86 84 Salt Lake 18 for project it be not a good Would 37 5 2 86Blaine.... 92 87 57 7 6 Fernando San to Priesthood quorum Aaronic each 5 5 90 80 80Boise 80 58 94 6 Francisco 7 59 San

fol67 76 35 chain? 13 77Bonneville reading The undertake a n 91 33 84 92 5 5 San Juan

76 11 45: 14 80 80 Elder.Box Start one is suggested or more lowing 95 38 80 90 4 Luis 4 San

8 8 95 90 52 68 Seattle 5 4 63 96 100 73 booklets (depending on the size of the 11 56 65 11 59 76Cache first 55 64 65 10 8 79 Sevier ) circuit. reading a The on quorum 85 5 39 7 63Carbon 87 49 80 80 9 9 Sharon as he booklet as soon the reads member.30..... 97 97 87 3 3Cassia 71 94 90 Shelley 5 95 6 it to passes his on can, signs name, and 42 5 98 6 74Chicago 36 8 75 Smithfield 85 92 10 likewise. does next the member,... who 33 78 14 65 18 86Cottonwood 75 95 84 85 7 8 Snowflake

little booklet the in time 65 92 20 may 73 a 4 3 ThusCurlew 75 48 84 20 20 66 So. Davis

... 85 35 3 77 3 95 every theDuchesne to quorum, memback come 87 Angeles.... 69 10 87 10 So. 95 Los

49 17 15 78 82 80East Jordan.. it. signed Then read and having ber 7 42 61 70 90 10 So. Sanpete

59 39 74 9 80 8Emery 7 80 72 the 7 86 Sevier 48 booklet So. meeting in may

19 36 73 17 82 63 55 90 80 3 90 6 So. Summit opinions asked, be 10 52 37 82 88 7Franklin thediscussed—questionsquorum 75 33 10 70 Star 60 Valley 10 the case, etc. In stated, when any 87 75 3 68 3 95 34 3 52 5 90 Summit the that officers decide of quorum any 71 56 12 10 84Granite 8 91 60 80 95 9 Taylor

shall a attained objective be reading 16 44 78 16 70 84 7 72 84 76 85 7 Teton 69 97 52 96 4Gridley 4 doing of so will be determined method 46 8 4 95 90 86 Timpanogos 5 80 54 3 70 can do quorum Surely every upon. 75 58 7 80 70 9 Tooele

40 77 16 12 60 69 6 in 53 84 65 this matter 92 what Falls 6 some have done. Twin

.....11 77 52 89 10 80 7 91 87 89 48 7 Uintah indicate questionnaires returned 33 72 92 4 The 90 3Idaho 73 95 68 4 4 95 Union

7 5 73 88 66 Utah 8 8 79 81 74 34 that much good work has been done.

43 30 95 3 70 3 all forto go workers encourage 71 11 81 32 14 87 Weber We 44 63 3 6 efforts. still greater 85 80 53 90 5 3 Weiser with What ward

7 25 75 5 73Kolob 55 82 18 29 18 79 Wells in this the they column See can do? 57 5 60 8 98 87Lehi 12 8 85 75 33 86 Jordan West for suggesof the number Era March..... 70 89 4 70 95 5Lethbridge 71 82 6 86 56 6 Woodruff tions. 75 16 86 60 16 93Liberty

6 88 80 6 90 46 Yellowstone 61 15 76 15 99 84Logan 3 72 85 75 86 3 Young 91 50 85 7 89 8 Beach....Long

.... COMMISSIONER'S HEALTH THE 61 4 6 90 49 Zion Park

.. 73 57 52 79 8 8Los Angeles 4 3 70 98 71 30 Following is a list of the stakes not reREPORT

quarter, 1939: fourth for the Des92 70 porting 89 88 7 6Malad Health Commis- T. J. Howells, St. "P\R Falls, River, eret, Lost Nevada, Idaho 5 50 62 47Maricopa 9

City, had the sioner of Salt Lake Bernardino, St. SantaJoseph, San George, 83 6 82 86 Millard 56 8

Minidoka 5 5 84 75 75 63 quinTintic, Wasatch, Wayne. courage and the wisdom to write some

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1940

needed words relative to the evil of counselors organized a work and fistudents. In school smoking by

report of Health City Board Salt Lake the QUORUM PROJECTS wasnancerebuilt.project, and as a result the home

for January, 1940, the Commissioner The work of reconstruction was suclearly indicated that smoking by boys pervised by the Ward Work Director and girls is definitely a "health probWHAT IS YOUR Sylvester Low, and was done by the lem,"and that publicspirited indiQUORUM DOING? Priesthood of the ward. The record

viduals should do something about it HPhe Priesthood of the Smithfield Secshows that thirtyeight High Priests donated a hours and worked 3913 Smithfield Stake, have ond Ward, 37 accord. Seventies ten $64.50; that worked chilfine project. sentimentWewithsincerelywhich wehopeare inthatheartyin reportedA a very Four

every community suitable steps will be dren were left orphans, with a very hours and donated $33.00; fortysix

taken to prevent minors getting cigarpoor home and a burdensome debt. Elders worked 288 J/> hours and doettes. Bishop Willard A. Hansen with his nated $45.00; fortyfive Aaronic PriestIt is a pleasure for us to give space hood worked 114 hours and donated

to that part of the report dealing with $9.00; other ward members worked

smoking. It follows: 46 J/2 hours and donated $16.00. The

Smithfield Lumber Company also made a liberal contribution toward the re- "THE SMOKE NUISANCE"building of the home.

It isn't our business when "Dad"asks for "\17e have received a very interesting lights his his slippers or cigar pipe a and * * Stake. report from The Wasatch

it is after business his dinner; but our when of Seventies, with memQuorum

sell trusts the great or 20th to tobacco "Junior"in living three the bers in Heber wards in idea that school high the the "Suzie"cigarette smoking is beneficial to health and and in the Center Creek Ward, in remorale. Smoking is increasing rapidly porting through Brother H. Clay Cumamong high school students. This subject mings, state that their Welfare Probecomes a health problem, and it is time gram for the year 1939 was very sucthat health authorities throughout the councessful.

to spirited individuals, started try, public in the quoare sixty members There

It the for tobacco. propagandadebunk misfive are on foreign is rum, of whom the that that students time school high knew

great tobacco trusts are spending millions sions and five are working out of the of dollars for lying testimonials and destake, leaving fifty members to carry ceiving radio programs and pernicious adon the projects. Fortyeight members

vertising. have participated in this work.

High school students should know that The projects were a continuation of the hardup hero that poses in the magazine those started the year before: the raishas been paid for his endorsement, and in ing of pigs, the working of a Seventy's

if the truth cases, known, weremany running a small and renting and he is BEFORE AND AFTER REBUILDING SMITHFIELD garden, that the habittrying enslaves to overcome out pigs HOME. were put farm. Thirtyeight

right: From left girls to A. Bishop Hansen, thathim. should W. boys and know Our sale. seven Over James to be fattened for Gittins, mechanic, head director was who work with food par is not a a ontobacco candy

Sylvester 236) Low, President on and (Concluded Chambers. page A. W.

it is ice that cream, but a nerveirritantand and a poison. Whether there are fifteen

or seventeen different kinds of poison in tobacco is not for us to say, but we do know Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, May, 1940 is toxic chemical nicotinethat highly and a Text: Priesthood Church Government. and is still it in thethat gardener used very by

readings, problems, and projects below. kill ( See supplementarydilute solutions plants to spray as on a

insects and pests. It is time our boys were

reminded of the fact that cigarettes contribute to delinquency, that they befuddle a LESSON XIII stifle his decision. ambition and andboy PRIESTTHE CONCERNING

handicap but needs mainmust noYouth BOOK HOOD AMONG OF Woman'sPriesthoodShareand the Home: itstain all vigor. mental PEOPLES MORMON

7, Chapter (Read 8388) pp. the health infant to Public with has do outline in the statement Note: A for I. Priesthood blessings well as girls rate, the taking are womandeath and who II in the for contained as Lesson Era as man. instability, to sallow road"nervous"tobacco calls for 743, 1939, December, page a. in Illustrated ordinances. temple sterility freshness, lackcomplexions, of and assertion for explanation. some The b. blessings obtainable Highest only that pig guinea the exposedshould know also peoples of were "Book Mormon jointly.to often tobacco born had young smoke until lesser Christ,"the law under c. clear Relationship Joseph weight; by madedead, dwarfed, normal below and

is that to imply they not were meant Smith. is thethat tobaccoblowing admother an the Priesthood without Melchizedek II. responsibility. Division of threat infant to rateditional death our which

time. lived that during they unThat a. of recognitionis Equal should high. too and man already womboys Our know

is true, preparatory the der Gospel before an diseases, the socalledthat God. degenerative

Israel, as of the children but as did b. obligation: special the are lead-"cardiovascular-renal Mothgroup,"Woman's

Israel, also the there with case was erhood. thirtyfive, aftering death of causes age succession of prophets and a was c. active obligation: special this Man's position maintain throughout theyand the held leaders them among wholife. service. Priesthood alcohol contribute tobacco and That or Priesthood. Melchizedek Higher d. Fair adjustment. these the diseases to wise prevalence and ofsomething

personally were Twelve The who III. gift theis of in of MotherMothers men: physician admitted every America by

to Priestthe ordained Melchizedek tell that hood. the "cigarettestoday. Let youth us

the Christ at His of time hood by trust. a.satisfy,"heroin, but supreme and morphine, so power and do A visit the continent to western were mothers, nation. b. the to sophenobarbital. plead with us As Let youth

first this the to thus receive aunot c. for until Vicarious then Motherhood. decide maturitywait and

It the thority Nephites. has among d. shall F. orthemselves Motherhood. not Smith whether they Joseph on be that generally understood Lehi been

this sphere. of IV. Suppleusers tobacco. (See woman's must debunk The We his the brought people Melchizeand that sales organization seeks Readings mentary 1.)highpowered

text with them. Priesthood dek The

is a. profit true for of preExercise exploit reallyto youth and womanhood implies. of of the so Book Mormon termite of eating the antagonism. cludes at sex tobacco amaking

foundation of youth. b. Freedom of activity.

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1940

1. In Church. a. Founded upon principles of Gospel. tion as she desires. (Guide /or Quo-

2. In society at large: what Brig- b. Raises vision of worldwide peace, rums of the Melchizedek Priesthood,

ham Young advocated. service. p. 52.)

consciousness II. brotherhood may children. for wife and HowV. Provision important as as the accum- 2. Quite Readfostered. (Supplementary be husbands, upon wives a. Economic: for ulation independence material of a ings 5.) parents. children upon

b. Spiritual: to be brought up "in light a. By outlawing faultfinding. the welfare of a family, is the mainteand truth."b. By teaching one another "the docnance of a happy family life. The wife

Problems and Projects c. Bytrineprovidingof the Kingdom."for each other's mawhoseobliged husbandto get alongis onwitha missionlittle foris oftenfood,

terial needs. fact that lies 1. in the significance What of comforts clothing, the and many

unity: III. Achieving many blessings, joint are blessings highestthe offices but one life, the and so cheerfully, does but purpose.i. e., and received only can by man be

if little sufficient, the she has seems assemblies. joint a. Through together?woman

justice, kindness, of good memory sociability. 1. For her If husband with 2. shares the wife

the blessings of the Priesthood, she is en- 2. For instruction. cheer, and love in the life of the head

titled to share with him in the training for b. Through conformity with true prinof the family. Even the shorter abthe work required of them. Point out the ciples. sences and smaller sacrifices required

for truth c. search Through training. of thisnature and manner are in the service Priesthood home in Priestby

councils. hood the reports prepared could on 3. Brief be is there easier love and when made in decisions. d. unanimity Through the of different periods in ofstatus women life it is alIn justice at family home. unfeigned."love IV. "By with contrast history. andworld's Compare

their situation in the world today. With a. Authority dependent on righteousways a safe guide to do unto the memtheir situation in the Church. ness: Doctrine and Covenants 121. bers of a family as you would have

4. Why do you consider the division of b. Spirit of boundless forgiveness. them do to you. (Ibid, p. 51.)

Smith on rebuking. c. Joseph andresponsibility between woman as man her husshares wife with 3. The example. of d. Power fair lesson a one?presented in the blessings Priesthood. in the of the result of misuse. band darkness Spiritual e.

LESSON XIV (See Supplementary Readings 6.) If that is so, then the wife is entitled

Priesthood and the Home: V. Selfgovernment upon correct printo share with her husband in the trainBuilding Together. ciples. ing for the work required of them. The

(Read Chapter 7, pp. 8993.) Problems and Projects spirit of the Priesthood should be possessed by the wife. She should feel as

suitable Priesthood. 1 plan the think of respect a more under I. Mutual you Can attenshe sacrifices and the company

spirit the a. than foster rivalry brotherhood and not purpose to quorum Sex ortions part that it of her husband, is her

exists in Priesthood? the as it Priesthood. ganization of

b. Man's respect for woman. 2. Discuss what is being done in the of the work of carrying onward the

1. Banishment of selfish interest. world today to promote world brotherhood. ministry of the Church. She will have

(See Supplementary Readings What are the shortcomings, the good points the spirit of the work if the husband 2.) in these programs? Compare them with the and his wife talk over the problems

2. Practice of true chivalry. Priesthood program. and duties of their joint calling in the

for criterion for Smith's 3. c. govrespect man. Put Joseph Woman's are achieve Church. most who Men Priesthood. "corof the test. to were the support 1. Active ernment What those usually give themwives whose in work."to mind? principles"2. "man's had he rect do Not attempt

their selves to helping achusbands gifts. "unrighteous dominof 4. instances of Cite equal d. Recognition

1. Priesthood for men. ion."How accurate is Section 121 of the complish their work. (Ibid, p. 53.)

2. Motherhood for women. Doctrine and Covenants in portraying the 4. The men ought to be, when in the

II. Position of women in the Church. effects of proper use, and of misuse, of the presence of their families, filled with

a. Full religious franchise. Priesthood? the Holy Ghost, to administer the word

promotion of Lord's duty: b. Foremost life of to them. kneel they down When ReadSupplementary (See work. chiltheir presence the of and wives

ings 3.) Supplementary Readings in the inspired they to dren be ought by

Suppleprogress. (See andIII. Priesthood that Ghost, of the power and Holy For Priesthood and Church Government gift 4.) Readings mentary

the as a a be such husband man may honoring happiness: to home a. Key

gift will the honor, wife good and that of Priesthood.

b. Key to mutual progress: exercise 1. Every husband holding the Priestand power of God may be upon them

of Priesthood. hood should give special attention to continually. They ought to be one in

IV. The home evening. the welfare of his wife. If she has a their families, that the Holy Ghost

a. For strength and unity. large family, means should be found might descend upon them, and they

b. A recommended institution. by which, through the help of the chilought to live so that the wife through

V. "Man not without the woman."dren or otherwise, she will receive the prayer may become sanctified, that she

comple- a. and women of men Work sanctifying necessity see the of wife, may needs. responthat help she A mental. herself in the presence husband, her of sible for of housethe a management

b. exercised righteously Priesthood in children, the of presence her is and It recreation. hold, needs always unites and women. men

together, that in orthey be one all may in for her her time to spend unwise

Problems and Projects household duties. She must mingle with der that the man and the wife may be

There could be nothing more desirable the world outside of her home. It is pure element, suitable to occupy a

on the part of quorum members than to the duty of the husband to see to it place in the establishment and formatranslate this lesson into action by conductthat his wife has proper recreation. The tion of the kingdom of God, that they

ing a regular home evening from now on. vocation of a housewife is home manmay breathe a pure spirit and impart

conof matter It could quorum a become their children, instruction to and also she an pure but should agement, have this activpride,cern, to promote quorum children. their children's (Lorenzo interests her avocation and to broaden to class period thisity. discussion sugUse Discourses, 4:155.) Snow, relieve Journal of the to routine her of monotony evenings. conducting ofgest home ways

Brethren in whose homes the idea is already work. Such avocations as music, art, 5. Let those who preach in the midst

practiced could present brief, enlightening writing, charity work, or politics may of the community of Saints, realize testimonies. It is a project not to be prebring much happiness into the home. what the Priesthood was placed upon

sented this week or the next. and forgotten directly should fully not be for; The wife and let them dethem know

It is perennial and urgent. for fill pendent her husband on to the money they appointed were sense why

LESSON XV she spends. She should have the privisuch and such an office, viz., that they

The Law of the Priesthood. lege of handling some money for hershould act in the spirit of our Master,

(Read Chapter 8, pp. 94101.) self. Her personal spending allowance a servant of all, that they learn to con-

I. A mighty brotherhood. should be used by her without ques- (Concluded on page 236)

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD By ORSON F. WHITNEY

/}rson F. Whitney, for twentyeight years a bishop, for twentyfive

years a member of the quorum of the Twelve Apostles, author, poet, and historian, prepared a series of articles covering the history, duties, and development of the Aaronic Priesthood for the Contributor, forerunner of

The Improvement Era.

In an inspirational and masterly manner the mission, authority, and accomplishments of the Lesser Priesthood from the days of Aaron were presented. Believing that the members of the Church, old and young, and

particularly those who are concerned with the progress and development of this important adjunct to the Melchizedek Priesthood, will be greatly benefited and gain valuable and helpful knowledge through the reading of this intensely interesting account of the operation of this Priesthood through the years since the days of Sinai, these articles are to be republished almost in their entirety.

The lapse of time since the original writing and the changed conditions have made desirable some slight deletions and comments, and where such ORSON F. WHITNEY, APOSTLE, BISHOP,

are made, they will be indicated by appropriate marks. HISTORIAN, AUTHOR, POET....

The Aaronic Priesthood organs; while spiritual objects, things perwarriors of ancient times. A power which

taining to a higher state of existence, are communed with the heavens and brought 1. perceived, comprehended and made practical down angels from above; which officiated

Priest in the spiritual Levite of the faculties; of and by these means so by Temple God

the term, understand Priesthood, as we at allied receiving Jerusalem; Priesthoods, and interwoven Urim and though Thumby

is the the of signifying God, power a word angelic visitation their be, and in diverse are His they mim august general compowers the manifestations, auof and Hismedium the as oracles of will entirely mands, prerogatives, to though and Jehovah's harmonilegally reprethority be which by may He in peculiar chosen ous, external people. His and mutual workings, power and when A it in sense, personalsented. used a When spirit the holding the of in the of administered preparaof righteousness. keys Gospel

Priests individuals, or theimplies of body tion, and unlocking the of doors to continue repentance Furthermore, the comparison, is authority that collectively, intaken whom it is sins, spirit, remission of and the or the of higher part "baptism of when which man,

It right in the othervested. words, means, directs in controls, the of proclaimed wilderness supplies the was John"and motive

rule in to the governinherent and Godhead the Christ herJudea, vital of and the the coming of body, being mainpower was in earth.all things heaven and on faithless of to forerunner that alded piece His spring by and of machinery, a wondrous

there are Christ the of In two Church unbelieving Surely, world. are reacarried functions such a power whose forward by

the Melchizedek, orPriesthoods, and Higher is to depreciated not ignored, of be resulting or their the even animation son from

Levitthe including Aaronic,the or Lesser in dispensation glorious. age an so, and operation. union normal more and by Even

ical Priesthood Priesthood. Higher The is it later is times, to history as the the not And, Priestanalogy, Melchizedek Holy

all the presidency, right the of keys ofholds this in written Priesthood of imperishable right holding of hood, the presidency over exercises blessings, generalspiritual and letters side side that of inexercises controlling the with Utah?* by Church, which

the jurisdiction; at timeauthority same and its Is record idennot interwoven fluence direction the to whole;, as while and and...

in to calling administer special ahaving tified its that life city, of with village, spiritual every imparting of town, delegating and itspiritual things. the greater compreAs its hamlet borders? within the her and of to portion Priestauthority a not Are Lesser

less, in the as takes an appendagehends and its officers, it, controlling the under likewise, that hood, of power possess and may itself, Priesthood, theto Aaronic whose leadership, its the distinct legitimate actual Melchizedek founders wield powers, and and specialpeculiar mission and purview—withsettlements, the of tangible their pioneers fulness in of our for the execute purposes

its spiritual in ignoring andout rights—is it progress, the of material our exponents designed. which was

things. temporal adminstration the ofover Is this Priestduties, nature, prosperity? history, growth not and authority and The

is latter to former, the the equal notThus, fine, in effect, intention to the hood, both of as Priesthood, exemplified and as Aaronic essenadjunct, or being importantthough an its the granite root basis the lives of labors our very temof repreand and modern tial thereof, in necessary as included portion local poral their bishops commonwealth? what a Hear and Mormon insentatives—the its thereinseparable completeness,to and this historian in official to has connection: of say governphase a associates—is its in in sense, operations.with, one the ecclesiastical the in "Perhaps unique most of Church and ment Kingdom God

For the sake of illustration, these Priestwhich cannot fail of interest to the Latterorder of government belonging to the Chrishoods, taken together, might be likened to day Saint reader, or to the student at large tian era, is that which has sprung up in thethe human soul—a dual being, composed of of ecclesiastical economy. Mormon Church in the organization and

an earthly body and its spirit counterpart. Let it not be supposed, because of a seemgovernment of its bishops. It is altogether

Even as it requires these twain, these twin ingly inferior title, and the limited or speout of the common ecclesiastical order and principles, to constitute or soul the of man, duties really of the in church and calling regime; and cific—-though magnificent—field in perfect Christ's thing; soof any living the it is called to those belonging bishopric that the Priestto operate, which Mormon

comprisesgovernment, and system a which still originated great, of form of government a have but hood Aaron—the of all thingstakes cognizance and good this of peculiarly of branch Indeed, its own. governing grand a two lesser,principles—is well as inward, aspraiseworthy, outward thing to development despised. has thought not only of or be lightly the Mormon

temporal no less than spiritual, there must A power which held sway in ancient Israel, shaped considerable of the history of this needs be two wings or branches of organized through an almost uninterrupted tenure of peculiar people, but given to the world polity, corresponding with and represented fifteen hundred years; which ruled over something of a new social problem.

by these Priesthoods, whose respective powjudges and anointed kings; founded an em- "We may not be able to determine how

ers and jurisdictions are thus generally depire and laid waste the cities of wickedness; much the influence and lifework of these

fined. which dictated, sanctioned or denounced bishops will in the future affect the growth

divine the tangible voice authority, as the the grasp with of For, and utilize we life, military, civil this policy, of of the ofthings through and the medium some of the of *Thisthe Churchwas writtenwere confinedin the dayslargelywhento theUtahactivities(then mortal body, with its various members and mightiest and most illustrious monarchs and a territory) and the immediate vicinity.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1940

of the Pacific States and Territories; but, absolutely represent a new social system. As to the writer's other comments, they

far so political past is is as the familiar concerned, with the not very sustain manonly we do know America few if position—which

that the bishops these in bishops veritable will have been the agers, but have a readers of our call in question new we any founders of the hundreds of cities and settleclass of society managers and organizers not of the necessity for two Priesthoods in the ments of Utah and some of the adjacent known in any other commonwealth in the Church of Christ, and dispel all ideas of

Territories. Moreover, as their government world."insignificance or superfluity as associated

today exists, as potent as ever, and as, for The author of these extracts—whose with the lesser of the twain, but they also

the last thirty years, they have constantly views, taken from a nonMormon standbreathe forth a prophecy, suggesting more magnified their social basework, yearly acpoint, are singularly comprehensive and to the thoughtful mind than the mere words quiring an extended jurisdiction of territory, prophetic—in his assertion as to the unique themselves express, concerning the possithe government of the bishops may probcharacter of this order of the Mormon bilities wrapped up within the future of

ably survive; if so, then will it be sure to Priesthood, no doubt expresses in part the Mormonism.

increase its jurisdiction and power. astonishment with which the innovation of We will venture further than he felt at

"Almost from the first organization of the a temporal bishopric was and is still viewed, liberty to go, and say that the "government

Church, it was shown in the peculiar hisby those who have all their life long of the bishops"will undoubtedly survive.

tory of the people that the bishops were as regarded it as preeminently a spiritual callIts destiny is fixed, its foundations cannot the organic basis of the Mormon society, ing. The solution of the matter, to the Latbe shaken. Its influence and life work

and the proper business managers of the terday Saint, is found in the enunciation by will affect the future, not alone of the PaChurch. But it was not until the Mormons his Church of the doctrine of a universal cific States and Territories, but of the

came to the Rocky Mountains that the apostasy throughout all the sects of ChrisAmerican continent and the entire world.

society work of the bishops grew rapidly tendom; their unlawful repudiation of AposHand in hand with its great twin power,

into the vast proportions of their present tles and Prophets and the higher spiritual the Priesthood of Levi and Aaron will move social and church government.... In the offices and ordinances of the ancient Church, steadily on to the goal and zenith of its

history of Utah, the diligent student can and the unauthorized substitution of bishcoming triumph; where, like the moon in

clearly comprehend the mission and govops, and other officers whose calling is alheaven's firmament, excelled only by the ernment of the bishops.... In dealing most purely temporal, as the spiritual superior light whose splendor it reflects,

with the history and the growth of Utah, leaders of the people. Loss of power in it is destined to shine with more than prisand the founding and progress of our cities, the Christian church, after the perpetration tine radiance in the fulfilment of purposes

enterprise, agriculture, manufactures, and of such a wrong, was inevitable and to be divine, and the establishment of that sacred commerce, we shall have occasion to conexpected. The House of God is a house of Kingdom whose temporal power shall be felt

tinue our articles on the bishops and their order, and any deviation or departure from and whose spiritual glory shall radiate from government as society founders. There are the revealed principles which govern His the mountains of Israel to the ends of the

no heads of society in America with so economy, cannot but result in weakness and earth. ( To be continued

much unique subject matter for treatment, as inefficacy, and if persisted in, deterioration there is in these Mormon bishops. They and final downfall. STANDARD QUORUM AWARD

REPORT AND RECOMMENDATION Quorum Ward Stake Date The Presiding Bishopric 40 North Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah HP Dear Brethren:

the submit herewith of the record Jitst We &mm &Up& above mentioned and quorum recommend the issuance of the Standard Quorum Award to mitt a for 1939.

ilatt&trtu (ftairttm 1. Did the quorumQuorumsetRecordup and follow the

Kwwch programBishopric recommendedas oudined byin thethe Presidingquorum manual? 2. Did the quorum set up and follow a defi-

1. Set up and follow a yearly quorum meeting nite social and fraternal program?

3. Average percent of attendance for

program. year

Number of members on Quorum Roll 2. Set up and follow a yearly program of social

and fraternal activities. Average number attending during year

3. Have an average attendance record of 50% 4. mentsPercent of total members filling assignor more during the year. Number filling assignments during year

4. Have 75% or more members fill assignments 5. Percent of members observing Word of

'during the year. Wisdom

Number of members observing Word of

Wisdom 5. Have 15% or more members observing the 6. Percent of those who earned. money who

. of Wisdom. tithing. Word paid

Number who earned money during the 6. Have 7&% or more of the members who earn year

money during the year pay tithing. Number who paid tithing during year

FRAMED POSTER 7. of members Number participating in two 7. or Have participate in more members SHOWING STAND50 or projects more quorum

ARD REQUORUM or service projects. two more quorum

QUIREMENTS BY PIONEERUSED President of Quorum

STAKE. Address of President

Adviser - Ward Chairman.........—.... Bishop

Stake Chairman CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

constituents of tobacco are albumen, resin, gum, sugar, tannin extractive, citric acid, nicotianin, and nicotine.

THE PRIVILEGE OF PAYING TITHING "Chemical analysis of tobacco bases, formic Pyridic: Nicotine,

methylamin, P\uring the month of May every organization and every member of the smokealdehyde, ammonia,

Church are expected to give serious consideration to the subject of phuretted hydrogen, prussic acid,sultithing. This annual campaign is intended to direct the attention of Latterbutyric acid, carbon monoxide, water

privilege definite Saints obligation to a and day a blessed privilege—the oil, empyreumatic etherized of vapor, and

in erecting building assisting of in the of the Church, Zion, in the development resinous substances."* or and tarry

other temples and buildings, and in carrying the Gospel message Church composition of tobacco smoke The earth. the of to the ends largely greatly varies upon and depends

While Latterday Saints are under obligation to contribute to the the nature of tobacco. Nicotine, gendirect obligation as the a coming of commandment sustenance the Church, prinactive erally the as most regarded

it is privilege. glorious nevertheless revelation, a privilege, a As through is partially destroyed it ciple tobacco, of

fully are living the Gospel hearts of understand those the and is near to who of combustion. process during the

its teachings. according to cigarette that analysis shows

it it to Chemical in that application opens is a privilege, personal the way least of the amount smoke contains blessings with purchased that the can be promised countless In itsblessings—not the most, nicotine the pipe a conand

obedience blessings through everyone secured can that the be by but money, is for readily accounted dition which spirit tithing, true tithing of in the honest paying through law, an to the cigof the nature loose, the open by revelations. in principle given the as the of acceptance through ease arette the consequent with and

in transaction is all involved in the paid, tithing are any way who When it burns. which

blessings from the not only individual, which through come the blessed: are is as the acid Prussic most known

carenatural law. of keeps operation a the also who through He but above is in the drugs, used manuand of deadly

ful account of his increase, who makes provision for and pays onetenth of facture of military gas. Nicotine is also

his finances better of manager his income, becomes a poison. In fact, there are deadly and is better able to a

left for himself. ninetenths of the the expenditure direct properties found sixteen poisonous

The family whose husband and father is a faithful tithepayer benefits by cigarette fumes, some of which arein sharing in the blessings which are promised and through being taught deadly in very small doses.

thrift, economy, and honesty.

The Church benefits by having means provided for carrying on its work, Something About the for expanding its organization, for extending the blessings of the Gospel History of Tobacco to countless thousands. Tobacco belongs to the natural order

Tithing is God's law of revenue for the Church. As a law it applies to Arronecece, or nightshade. The most

every member of the Church alike. The blessings, likewise, are promised commonly cultivated plant Nicotiana

to all who obey. Tobacum is glutinous, and is covered

with a very short down; the stem is upITEMS OF SPECIAL INTEREST right,are lanceolate,four or fivefromfeet sixhigh;totheeighteenleavesTO STAKE AND WARD YOUTH AND THE inches long; the flowers are terminal andAARONIC PRIESTHOOD WORD OF WISDOM rosecolored.

LEADERS All of the tobacco plants are natives principal of America. tobacco The

articles series of Announceto Recent of appear SummaryA is States, the growing country United the Bishopric Presiding next Theduring unfew months by thements localities Virginia chief being and this der heading taken have been by the first It in cultivated Kentucky. was the acfully to express more thesis the order permission of fromTn Sheldon

* tual relationship of the men who Ross Hunt, seminary principal and Virginia in 1614.

assist members of the bishoprics in the youth leader. Excerpts will be made It is generally supposed that America

thesis treating the particularly from discovered were tobacco smoking and PriestAaronic of conductsuccessful effects tea, the coffee tobacco, of and are, time. the howThere same about will, "adviser"the term quorums,hood results heart, the the giving and on it historical indicate that ever, to data these designate to future,in the used be experiments of actual with young in years hundred used China many was to the advisers quoarebrethren. helpful people. information They Much

is doubtful. This, ago. however So regarding the development and use officers. conduct should notrum They

todetermine, far smoking as can we will of these poisons drugs be and in replace or meetings, any wayquorum its origin in America among bacco published. had the of the either membersor supplant

allied devil to religious ceremonies the series the will completion, Upon or to quorum, each assignedbishopric collection of comprise valuable a auworship.

officers. with advisethe They quorum thentic authoritative information and into usage came common Tobacco in reis the changethem. There no these health regarding of enemies and It of after discovery the America. had these of assignmentsponsibility or happiness. in its gradually beginning and Spain

alhas function realbrethren. Their practice Europe. through spread The those advising that of beenways time, that has, since become of smoking in Poisons Contained Tobacco in The past, conadvisers in thecharge. As all universal almost degrees among by

is poison, contains assist not lessons, the and a the HPobaccotinue give to efforts their early of despite the nations, officers in planning and conducting one but many substances harmful rulers to prohibit it. Little more than

after activities, principal looking the subtomeetings the body. and Among years few only a three ago hundred

assistof analysis stances member, of and welfare each foundthe by chemical tobacco, but savages used American filling salts, consisting of assignare: chemical the ining tobacco members it genmankind is consumed by now

nitrates, sulphates, chlorthe principally is that of of only changements. The erally

name. They are hereafter to be called ides, phosphates, and maltates of potas- 'Tobacco and Human Efficiency, p. A, 1918, by

advisers. {Concluded on page 240) sium, calcium, and ammonium. Other Dr. Frederick J. Pack.

imum TRACY Y. CANNON, MARVIN O. ASHTON

Chairman ASPER W. FRANK MUSIC COMMITTEE GENERAL CHURCH SPENCER CORNWALL D. PYPER,GEORGE M. DURHAM Offices General General First Vice Chairman and Treasurer HINCHCLIFF Church LESTERJ.ALFRED

DE TONG, GERRIT Music CommitteeLeROY ROBERTSON, STERLING WHEELWRIGHTJR. SecondJ. Vice Chairman 50 NORTH SCHREINER MAIN STREET, D.ALEXANDER

N. LORENZO MITCHELL, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH FREDAFRANCESJENSENGRANT BENNETT Secretary

APRIL INSTRUCTIONS FOR and third beats of measures two and

CHURCHWIDE HYMN eight and the first beat of measures five Melchizedek Priesthood

SINGING PROJECT and eleven. QUORUM PROJECTS

also 203.) (See page (Concluded page 231 from the Praise Ye Lord—Spencer CornwallBy J. No. sold of thousand on were meat pounds 2—StephensGlory God To On High—the eight market, pounds hundred and is exuberwith permeated This hymnNo. 113—Giardini the Committee. given to were Welfare It indicated, sung, as should ance. be

is peculiar it conin thatHPhis hymn still pigs ten to put on had quorum hasThe animation, demands a with which * in tains phrases threemeasure two, in this year. the of market March director hurry should tening tempo. The

the first line. The conductor should his beats in the final measures of each Eighteen registered sows have been

hasten the beats slightly in the final phrase so that no lag may occur. The put on the farms of the quorum memmeasure of each to insure prompt attack singing should be forte throughout. bers, thus bringing a better grade of

on the first measures of the phrases pigs to the farmers in the valley. At

following. This livestock held in the August, hymn should show be sung NOTES TO THE ORGANIST the throughout.in a stately in a successful winning manner—forte quorum was

The tempo should neither be fast nor By Alexander Schreiner number of prizes on their pigs.

slow. A slight retard may be introHPhe organist should present these The quorum garden was a success,

corn cans ofduced in the last two measures with and about two hundred choir the such hymns in a way that the of preparedgood effect. by the wives in will sing joyfully comwere or audienceGod Moves in a Mysterious Way—pany with his playing. Attention to members.

of consisted harvest summer. hay, The forte, in octave with catalogued should as S. be L. 50 organ Hymns. No. D. potatoes, four bushabout and hundred celeste is It in tremolo, chant. couplers large no drawn, no measure a The

els barley. of

all It in bold, the stops. of played that a so should should be slowtempo be In addition to the projects the above haste. distinctly with heroic without sung manner and bewords may reports that helped they quorum have for effects rests strictly breathspecial the emphasis. Observe dynamic No children the died; of one member who given. In in as ing should 2 113 introduced. numbers and need Reverence be that finished putting of they crop a up rests breathing style the throughout. In must characterize the 50 No. hymn grain, cut, thrashed the hay, and and

it it, is inserted, notes a giving the to follow directing whole probably best be stack the of fenced yards one member reonly. threequarters of threebeat pattern the value of the beat The injured confined to hosand was who a

all separated be the beat beginning measure, chords peated with up must pital for during the months sumtwo first clearly. the using divided the beat and on mer.

In conclusion, they report that they are converted to the Church Welfare

NEXT SUNDAY workspirit andamongfindthethatquorumit is creatingmembers.a fine

More Than 500,000 People SUPPLEMENTARY READINGS ( Concluded from page 232 In More than 1500 Churches! sider and esteem in the same affectioninterest, the welfare of all, as they Exquisite Music ate Will Enjoy the

that in of themselves, very and be do oi the {Ibid., fathers the people. to deed

18:376.) 6. High Priests, Seventies, and ye

Elders of Israel, are you this day preto offipared with and power wisdom AMMOND ORGAN ciate for the the dead, living and WHY NOT YOUR CHAPEL? to lay a pure and holy foundationand

Demonstrations Every Day During Conference through your wives and children, that

With Mr. Seldon Heaps at the Console! salvation may go forth to the rising

All are Invited generations; or have you neglected

qualifying yourselves in your holy callings, and let the cares of the world occupy your entire thoughts and atCD. GLEIVBRDS. MUSIC dull, minds and your become 74 Utah tention So. Main—Salt Lake Ciiy—Two Big Stores—Ogden, rusty, but your spiritual armor and

little room found in you for the Holy

Ghost to abide? ( Ibid., 4: 1 54.

operation on the part of Church mem11. The Gleaner Girls all stood, marched

bers is being sought by the Utah State forward, crossing in front of the audience,

Bar Association. and each laid her spray of wheat on the

pulpit. After the wheat was all placed, the

REPORT FROM PHOENIX leaderSheaf. tied them together, thus binding the

SECOND WARD, PHOENIX bishop,12. Briefthe Y.addressesW. M.wereI. A.madestakebypresithe

STAKE, ARIZONA dent, and a member of the General Board.

r\N December 17, 1939, the Phoenix M MEN AND GLEANER Second Ward presented a spiritSUPERVISORS'"QUIZ"We13. Closingare gratefulsong, for"Carryyour On."fine coopergleaning. luck and happy as ation. Good with Taylorual Harvey program

to the course, going complete you Are probeautiful musicalthe speaker. Gleaner Committee. Your A Its in your Religion, all of Youth And

In order rendered.gram also was to wards?make the hall reflect the spirit, Ralph Do you feel pretty good—"just pretty SPECIAL INTEREST

Holzer had spent three months paintgood"—about what you have accomplished GROUPS

1. in: reading course banquet? chapel the toing pictures decorate The The in to reports 15 February coming Tp 3. friend's book? theme need The all thewall. achievement This was project—a2. ** office to our hundred show two is 4. opportunity? Evening Sunday my artist has the since remarkablemore fortyone Interest Special and Groups Firesides? continto his confined almost bedbeen

the success in stakes. following fifteen Measure your one by hundred and

arthritis. pictures (Seeuously with on scale of evaluation: in interest the Seemingly groups these

page 238.) Has the attendance increased? has grown by leaps and bounds since

Is there interest greater than when you first year-. the the stake of In one it wasREPORT GREAT started? FROM

that eightyfive the of per found cent of the conduct changed the group Has I. A. M.FALLS of Interest the Special Groups for members better? the

A letter from President Angie Warhad not been attending Mutual before.

"*"nick of the Great Falls District What do you think? Will organizareports the successful conducting of tion of such groups in your communGold and Green Balls in the branches. ity fill the need of your people over

One of the noteworthy features is that Hard Brockbank, chairman; Katie C. Jensen, Vella twentyfive years of age? Perhaps in

since tobacco is not used, many nonWetzel, Freda Jensen, Grace Nixon Stewart, Helena some distant corner of a ward there members of the Church are attracted W. Larson, Florence Pinnock, Marie Waldram. is one or several waiting to be invited

I. It join in as Shall the to ever A. dances.to I. A. keep was M. M. we thrilled are of reports with the a TITe leftresult that of Christ ninety of these attendance the at one and mind '"so their binding wards manyballs that after the nine a out a fine young very "one"? went and woman,

Methodist, began to investigate the sheaves. The most delightful and origLatter-day Saint religion and finally inal programs and ceremonies have been

was converted. given in the field.

The following program which was

CHURCHWIDE HYMN presented on a Sunday evening at a

I. Christensen, Nichols, Elmer Chairman; Mark H. in the M. of meeting ward A. honor M.SINGING SPONSORED Winters, Elwood Eyre, Anderson, Floyed Aldon binding of sheaf help- a ward be may Giles. D. John"Cor instructions on M. I. A. cooperaful.

tion in the hymnsing- Churchwide ATTAINMENT RECOGNITION ing project see pages 203 and 236. Gleaner1. TheGirlsaudiencewere allwasgatheredseated,in anbutantethe June have met the Ctakes which by

*"* room. Explorer set Attainment Standards

2. SoftRADIO girls OFFERS music while the played was PROGRAM forth will 9, on Page 30, Log No. be

their entered in took seats and a group.STUDY OF YOUTH AND CRIME appropriately recognized at next the carried of each a small spray They wheat.

inConference. requirements The"\17hat I. A. June

registravolve organization of troops, and Y "ure isontheyoungeffectoffenders?of court Whatprocedis presided.3. The presidentShe welcomedof thetheY. audienceW. M.

the effect of prison and reformatory explained the accomplishment that had been tion of Explorers, and advancement in achieved. the Explorer standards program. Theconfinement? society our educate Does

4. Prayer. set are up reasonable very can and further tosuch restrain or crime, youth 5. president introduced the The ward still if reached stakes be some by many reallythem? promethods Do present leader Gleaner turned the over and meeting is effort forth in put the next weeks. few istect society? the cost in huWhat to her the announced following who

man waste, taxation, and the continued numbers.

loss of life and property? 6. Singing. JUNE CONFERENCE

7. Gleaner president brief The gave a series currently of programs heard find A will leaders Scout "pxPLORER and

history in the Gleaner the movement,L/ stations theover of the Blue network interesting very activdepartment Church. theof National Broadcasting Company for participate in to them and 8. Bridge Builder,"Singing—"Theof by ities eveningeach over m. p. (5:15 Monday at the sesenjoy next conference June chorus.

KUTA in Salt Lake City) turns the 9. Four Gleaner Girls stepped forward sion. New policies and instructions

searchlight of study and investigation and each one repeated one of the parts of now being prepared and new publicaon these and other problems related to the Sheaf. While this was being done the tions affecting M. I. A. Scouting will be

parts four the Sheaf, after of the other, one the justice criminalimproving of system featured. will Demonstrations which

flashed the before were audience means by for offenders. teenage Entitled generously used well and planned of a the In center box light. these be above is in Toils,"the the program "Youth clinics in the department process now lights electrically a big box lighted was

sponsored by the American Law Instiletter "G."This effect was very beautiful. of organization will prove valuable aids

tute. 10. The story of Ruth was given by a and a source of inspiration to all who

Sympathetic interest and active coGleaner leader. attend.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1940

Stake leaders should endeavor to orCouncil; Eighth place

unitganize every possible and register—Kaysville W a r d,

availableevery beExplorer Scout and Ogden Gateway fore June Conference. Council.

WHY SHOULD AN EXPLORER patingOther includedteams particirep-

REGISTER? resentatives from

"pHE unregistered Explorer merely Fairview, Wyoming, nibbles away at several Explorer and Pocatello Third projects and activities. He may pracWard of the Tendoy

tice Vanball but cannot play in a stake Council; Osgood and

or council tournament. This is also Idaho Falls Fourth

true of other athletic activities in the Wards of the Teton

Explorer program, such as softball, Peaks Council; Ogswimming, track, and archery. den Seventh Ward

The unregistered Explorer may read of the Ogden Area the Reading Course book and particiCouncil; Provo Secpate in promoting the Theme Project ond Ward of the

of the M. I. A., but unless he is regUtah National Parks

istered he cannot become an ArrowCouncil, and Nibley head Explorer. Park and Le Grande

The heart of the Explorer program, Wards of the Salt involving a program of personal anLake Council.

alysis, growth, and advancement, is Each team was practically unavailable to the unregispresented with a partered Explorer. He must sit on the ticipation ribbon, and

side lines, watching his companions the winning team play and enjoy the game of Exploring. members were awardThe vocational and hobby projects in ed official Explorer

which the registered Explorer is ensweaters.

titled to guidance and encouragement, The AllStar team the formulating of a code of conduct, selected by tournaexpeditions, leadership opportunities, ment officials includ-: Reed B r i g g s,all of which contribute directly toward ed

personal development are available only Fairview; Paul Southto the registered Explorer. He fails to wick, Thirtythird;

develop a healthy social consciousness William Busby, Emiand group loyalty in his recreational gration; Junior Bertellife. Group service performance, which son, Logan Fifth; Alis a fundamental part of Scouting, bevar Smith, Logan

comes a source of rich satisfaction to Ninth; Frank Jones,

First. HonorLogan registeredthe Explorer.

: able mention Reed has agreed to use the The M. I. A.

Explorer program of the Boy Scouts Hurst, Logan Ninth;

of America because of its many fine JohnSeventh;Walker,Kay Young,Ogdenpossibilities for character development.

It harmonizes admirably with the proIdaho Falls Fourth.

gram and ideals of the Church.

If the heart of the Explorer program 1. First Gold and Green Ball

involving the ranks of first and second held in Logan 4th Ward,

Honors is earnestly promoted boys will Cache Stake.

soon realize that they cannot "get by"2. 25th Anniversary of BeeHive

unless they are properly registered. in Pocatello Stake.

EXPLORER VANBALL 3. CrowningLayton Ward.of Stake queen in

TOURNAMENT 4. West Layton Ward floatrTTHE Tenth Annual Vanball TournaStakeMiller Presidentleading grandArnoldmarch.D.

* ment for Explorers was held at the 5. West Jordan Stake queens

Deseret Gymnasium, February 2324. andeach escorts,ward. one queen fromLogan Ninth Ward of Cache Valley

Council won the Intermountain Cham- 6. Thethe GleanerFirst WardGirls'inChorusIdahoof

pionship, defeating another Logan team Falls.

from the Fifth Ward by a narrow mar- 7. Winning road show act

gin. Both teams represented the Cache "Peace Triumphant,"32nd

Valley Council. Ward,ten by PioneerAlfred Stake.Birred;Writdi-

The thirdplace winner represented rected by Alene Birrell.

Fairview, Utah, and the Utah National 8. Herbert E. Turley, made

Parks Council. Other winners in the Eagle Scout in November of

Council of the Area Alamoplace—Loganorder named were as follows: Fourth 1939,badges andhas thirtysixis a membermeritof

in of America Scouts Boyley Council; Fifth

Texas. Antonio, First Ward,Place—EmigrationCache ValSan He

Ward, Salt Lake Council (this team fourteen years old. is

won the consolation championship ) 9 and 10. Church paintings by

Sixth for Holzer Ralph made place—33rd

ChristPhoenix Second WardCouncil; Seventh place—ManchesterWard, Salt Lake story, (See mas service.

Ward, Los Angeles Metropolitan Area page 237.)

.;.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1940

the hive showing the filling of a similar cell in 1940. One section of the hive (UfUOU is turned as each of the other Fields

is portrayed. It will be most effective

Ethel chairman; S. Ileen Anderson, Waspe, Ann Josephson, chairman; Emily H. Bennett, C.Marba the until Religion the Field of leave

Wells, K. Tingey, Margaret Bertha Lucy T. to N. King. Lueen J.

this last, fact that bringing the out Larsen, Anderson, Minnie C. E. Andersen, Ann

"HAPPY DAYS ARE Luacine Clark Fox. Fieldsceneshashavenotbeenchanged.shown,Afterthe hivefourteenwill

HERE AGAIN"OeeHive Week in May will bring to be all silver. Each silver section will

a high peak the activity for the first blue letter so have on each end one April with its showers and flowers, five months. "Silver complete that the words when* in Spring with hopes and thrills, will the hive. The go around Silver Jubilee Swarm Day Jubilee"us the can offer none of air. While also is blue. hive door of the

a measuring rod for work done in serThis year, naturally, Swarm Day vice in M. I. A., there are three rules exercises will be built on the theme of Wherever possible, mothers of the

of leadership when one is trying to our Silver Jubilee. Part of the activity girls, or women who actually were fillmeasure the effectiveness of a season's should be indoors, in the chapel if posing cells in 1915 should be used in the

work. Let us ask ourselves three quessible, or at least where the audience groups. Costuming the oldfashioned

tions. Has the membership increased? of mothers, fathers, and friends may sit equipment will make it colorful and

Is there greater interest? Has the condown and enjoy a well prepared prodifferent.

duct of the members in the group imgram climaxing the year's work. This

proved? should be followed by another period The following are cells taken from

be might which the 1915 Handbook outof- of spent in the an about hour final ofthe in lessons manual The in cells of the with contrasted some colordoors, dancing, with games, and girls fer the give to opportunity great present handbook: our ful activities, the recreation or in things and a good to rememberhappy

is girls disthe of the where handwork hall Home—off vacation. forsend summer

played, refreshments served, and games

In the lesson "All One Family"or dances presented. Iron a shirtwaist (oldfashioned iron).

there is a wealth of rich material. If During one month care for two kerosene

presented properly, the Juniors will Program for the Chapel lamps.

feel a love for the great human family, It is suggested that the theme be in Do three hours of housework daily for a will understand the meaning of the the spirit of a contrast between Beemonth (equipment might be hand brooms, chopping will taste compounds, the a sweeping wooden "neighbor,"andword in in 1940. 1915 Flowers and Hive and

dresses, bowl, long aprons mixing and and brother's "I keepofsweetness am my insignia should used BeeHive be etc.) duster, caps, leather dusting girls feelinger."that a the Give we hail, the the as around music played berries and wild of quarts Gather two all sisters the brothers underare and arrives, audience ushers assigned jam. into to make

isskin, there Father over one that and all girls seat former BeeHive Beeand all. If the subject of war should come Keepers in a special section. Effort Health—

factinto discussion, point the out the that to see should every be made woman principles of elementary the Demonstrate if there love there could enough were in the has been a BeeHive ward s who to surgeon use bandaging, and how little "quiz"on war. a Conductbe no; girl receives invitation. ride (old roller a special Beeplaster bandages) a bicycle

inner traits of character that might Hive song, prayer, and welcome by the forty miles in five days; walk forty miles

spirit the in of peace abring about ten to school (walking as compared days president. stake A. M. I. Y. W. A in

take stuautomobile bus that the to and bring the girls canworld. do to What talk explaining of the the short purpose

peace into a community, into the home, Day of the Swarm, our Jubilee Year, dents today).

into their own hearts? and introducing "BeeHive Flashes, Domestic Art—

19151940."This is to be a series of

or shirt waists; a hat two make Make Fields sevenrpHERE hats; of lace; make yards tat two two cell was filled (difference in style methods); and in atrimdress A of youngare manygirls. fearsSometimesin the heartsthose tableauxcontrastingor thesceneswayona the

fears are inherited from parents or 1915 to the manner and equipment used dress dolls for children; mend six pairs of

filling in cell today. a similar (cotton wool); embroider and A constockings understanding, from disfrom lack of

tinuity girls'singing, reader, in style of work). (difference BeeHive in those around them,appointments and

used should music background and be little their mistakes.from own How Out'ofDoors—tie into to the scenes coordinated a suffiis realize that therethey when

unit. might Dialogue be miles; used in some drive fifty and a Harness team fear. faith therecient can be That no

for sufficiently large if build of the desired. house a tree scenes in offear is the instrument hands an in; (difference girls to sleep camping twoSatan is quite a foregone conclusion. A large brown hive with a silver base in hiking clothes).

The girls should be made to realize stands in the center of the platform.that the spirit of the Lord must be enIt has the usual seven sections repreBusiness—

couraged to stay near us through praysenting the seven Fields. Each section, Clear sagebrush off one half acre of land;

er, attendance at Sacrament meeting, however, is made independent of the write a paper on vocations for women;

being baptized, living a good Mormon others, brown on one side and silver write a business letter ordering from a life. If possible read the poem called on the other, so it may be turned indicatalogue; get three new subscriptions to

"If"to them. vidually over to the silver side and the Young Woman's Journal.

Public Service—"Lest I Forget,""My Story."placedhall caninbepositiondarkenedon andthe hive.only a Ifspotthe

Let's change the title around a little light used it is most effective. After an The lives of three inventors (new inlives since: the inventions and 1915) introduction, appropriate a group demventors girls lesson. befor this the one Have

artists art trends) of five (bring out modern cell in onstrating the Field of a Home, telling interthe classgin the most by that of in (music sing or day) duet a chorus in 1915, as it might been have done rilives, their inesting the event most is light left side the spotted with the on Religion—they timediculous the moment, when this hive. of of business the the When happy. few most Authorities;were a show Then every day the General Name is light finished to the the scene moves

first the for second repeat one month and girls in the books. Story"Leave"My girls large center take hive where two our great (today have commandments; wethe write experiences to and mood it section the the turn hive top of and subject) project the same theme on

their own intimate stories during the over to the silver side. Then the light

summer. spots a group on the opposite side of Other points of difference might include:

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1940 gum, and that opals evolved from pet- 1. Membership was open to all Y. L. rified wood. M. I. A. members; 2. dress a rather short A Family of Beehive This is a wonderful and beautiful

skirt for (or hike) bloomers with middy- a 3. blouse fund neck tie; and dime pay for Enthusiasts world,Hive organizationand we are gratefulfor the toinspirationthe Beecurrent year.

( Concluded from page 219) and the opportunities it has given us is. it use to as see our nature eyes and presentation This should followed be studied the clouds the have and We it interest continue to mothers the presentation of In most awards. by May stars information gathered have and to

fill their lives daughters, to it and with is cases quickest practical most and fill cells, at the the zoo aquarium, and for bind quest a to girls knowledge them and the a have march and played at the at the planetarium, museum, and fill is cells closer together, they yet as in single line the across come and a up filled and 19 Line at the Bee we No. sincere wish. our saluting rostrum, their receive as they Olympics. World's enjoyed have We awards. the vegetation leaves pressed and of

shrubs cold and the from north Program for the Recreation treesto the south; sunny hunted have Priesthood we Aaronic Hall or Lawn flowers the gentian blue from of the ( Concluded A display of work done in BeeHive high mountains of the West and the from page 235

groups during the past year. Actual Edelweiss of the Alps to the orchid, Standard Quorum Award Attenddemonstrations of cellfilling are often growing wild in Cuba. We have marance Requirement Reduced to

more interesting than set displays. An veled at the ferns, from the black50% Retroactive in 1939

ones in stemmed dwarf the growing interesting special feature be would for full allowance members make To crevice of at feet a rock eleva9000 display. a in 1915 your women Many

school, or at at work, home, from away tion giant to the of ones Panama. stake will books, have awards, handat- those prevents employment whose varieties have found etc., work, the early many, many from years of BeeWe

meetings, tendance at quorum or who grasses learned of the and Invite sedges Hive. for of to bring them them

for for reasons, available are other not rushes. cacti and display. have hunted on We

activity, for of lack Priesthood and thrilled desert the the and over marvelis folk year. This dance June At season, the during attendance vacation collections of cacti ous at the Botanical the Conference, great Saltair dance on the for the attendance requirement in Berlin in Gardens and Huntington floor, girls will present colorBee-Hive rebeen has Standard Quorum Award at Angeles, California. Park Los

ful like folk this dances. should We to duced from Quorums 50%. 60% have been the grandeur by awed We to folk a of culmination be Swarm Day this in are enreaching standard 1939 the of great National Parks from The stake. in dance demonstrations every titled the the other to award, provided to the Canyon Grand Yellowstone and are are dances to used which be The six met. requirements were as over the lava walked the of we the "Swiss Walking and Song""Gustav the attendance, In the computing "Craters of the Moon."other Skol."demonstration numOne all the of of quorum names members butterflies loved the have and We will ber also presented. of be Copies to against are the average counted be in interested insects. the been much these the dances obtained be from may entire for the year. attendance Several of No us the stumbled habionto office. general deductions or of kind allowances any tat of dragonfly, the large black where

Best wishes for the best BeeHive water bugs were changed into the are to be made.

Week in twentyfive years. winged fly, and we watched myriads Stake chairmen of Aaronic Priestof these lovely, blue, gauzywinged hood are requested to have all quorum

creatures as they still hovered over the rolls checked and recommend to the small lake. Presiding Bishopric all quorums which

set. the standards reached have in interested inthe been have We

vertebrates, theHAILING -a. SsUca. tadpole evolving into to Presiding Reports Monthly

frog, a that have and watched wonwe Bishopric Requested Now its of der wonders, shedding snake a ICE CREAM skin—not slipping out of it, as we had The new Monthly Report books for

There's a best in evsupposed, but working it off, inch by stakes and wards are now ready and truly erything and we for sent its presidencies are being to stake efforts, inch through crawling own that in believe redistribution. stake the treebranch copy a under over a tree and One of we've FREZE

to gotboastSUNsomething to little sent to Presiding branch, the the skin be pushing back is now by port. for in care about

little, states in sheet side then Bishopric. along the of the branch, a book Each or cost.. spared we've

nothing to bring side, is right turning you rubbing the to that sent. sheet Please and to be whom a better Ice Cream.

it to the left that rub coming back in side as note the the sheet stake white

Selected products fruits choicest... skillful blending and.nuts.. Nowcame, itshowinghas stoppedremarkableto drink,intelligence.not to lap ingreportBishopricbook isnotto belatersentthanto thethe presid-\5th of

in spotless plant our that up the water evermoving, with month. each make SUNFREZE forked tongue, as thought vitality in we had.tops.. this is the only detailed report and As

good taste. it would, but by plunging its head in requested on Aaronic Priesthood acSold by dealers everythe water to drink like a horse, then tivities, it is extremely important that

where. Phone Was. 986. back again to its task of getting rid of the report be sent in from every stake

that old coat. For six hours we watchevery month. In the new plan of stake

ed it and estimated it would take at priesthood conferences the information least another hour to rid itself comcalled for in the report is indispensable.

pletely of the old covering, but what a glistening, gorgeous new coat it wore! Church The Moves On We have hunted fossils in the rocks {Concluded page 223) from found cephand many—brachiopods,

Gridley Stake, has Corning been Ward, tiny alopods, ones, smaller from than

Lankershim Hotel transferred Califorto the and to a dime, those diameter with a 7TH A BROADWAY of disorganizednia to function Mission, as a Sunday $2.50 $3.00 $3.50 six fucoids, eight inches, from and and District. Bargaining School in Shasta "No

to gray white and pink and brown. We branches, and Grays Harbor Raymond LOS No ANGELESWorry"petrified have studied wood. Frank Seattle Wiihon, Operator transferred Stake, have been back We know

that amber comes from solidified treeto the Northwestern States Mission.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. APRIL, 1940

counselor. second 1940 28, was named Wenstake clerk. Elders The Church Moves On FebruaryPrincipal radio remains speaker on the occadell Wride

WELFARE ACTIVITIES sion of the University of Utah's FoundGeorge F. Richards of the Council of

FOR 1940 FORECAST er's Day observance was President J. the Twelve and Samuel O. Bennion of

Reuben Clark, Jr., of the First Presithe First Council of Seventy directed

Tewest building projects in the dency. In addressing more than two reorganization.

Church Welfare Plan include the hundred alumni groups gathered toMarch 8, 1940 construction of a $100,000 grain elegether at special banquets in various The Church provided the building vator at the Salt Lake regional center, parts of the country, President Clark space for the new Felt Play Center on which work is already in progress, urged that college training be made opened in Salt Lake for children and and the acquisition of the former Utah available to the humble as well as to adults living in the business district.

Radio Corporation building to house those of means. Bishop Joseph Wirthlin of the Presiding

Deseret Industries, which will move March 3, 1940 Bishopric spoke at the Center's formal into its new quarters some time in July. Dr. C. Douglas Barnes was sustained opening.

Assignments for the coming year as president of the Long Beach Stake, March 10, 1940 made recently to the sixteen stakes succeeding President John W. Jones. President Rudger Clawson dedicated

comprising the Salt Lake Region introVirgil H. Spongberg was moved from the Roy Ward, Weber Stake, chapel

duce several new activities and provide second to first counselor, and Melvin and recreation hall. R. P. Greenwood

for enlargement or intensification of E. Miner, Park View Ward bishop, is bishop.

those already undertaken. Projects

include dairying, livestock production, poultryraising, wheatraising, production of quotas in a variety of fruits and vegetables, providing building of mareally state in history begins as ironproducing an of Utah The terials, cash donations, and labor marolling mill PittsSteel at operating 1922, a Columbia Company, when cereal chineryreconditioning, preparaits California, burg, for the incorporation of purpose proannounced manufacture. Committees tion, soap

materials. iron, pig byproducts ducing from coke and raw Utah to appointed survey been have a make

settlers state that early of the to Prior dating as time far as back conditions to housing of and a make possibilities in of the migration recognized production the iron Mormon preliminary of hospital service study territory. rich surfaces the the ore time time to of bodies new From specific projects these to in undertaking

fields. Finding permanent employment were scratched and varying crude attempts were made to develop an

industry. iron for those the most remains out of work The Mormon Church was among the first to recognize the value serious to continue be problem and will

settlers deposits, 1851 iron the Utah's of encouraged and as early as the first consideration of all Welfare of blast In furnace a primitive 1 852, to attempt City a development. Cedar effort.

built 30th, the morning of September and on community was by the report of both accom- A complete pig the first 1852, River of the Mississippi iron manufactured west was plished activity in the and intended

Church Welfare Plan will be presented tapped off. So important was the embryo industry considered that the

at the general conference in April. early settlement was divided in two groups. One of these attended to

the necessary agricultural needs of the community while to the other

TABERNACLE RECEIVES fell the task of operating the iron works.

MAJOR IMPROVEMENTS The arrival of the railroad in the 60's caused the price of pig iron to drop and Utah's new industry soon became inoperative. In 1883, the

HPo provide adequate ventilation and industry had a short revival. However, projected markets did not

to cool the air in summertime, four materialize and again the operations closed down.

large airconditioning units are being They remained so until 1923, when the newly formed Columbia installed behind the galleries in the Salt Steel Corporation broke ground at Ironton, near Provo, for the construcLake Tabernacle. Work may be comtion of a modern type five hundredton blast furnace. At the same

pleted by April general conference. time the Corporation acquired additional rolling mills at Torrance, CaliAs a precautionary measure to insure fornia, as an outlet for the iron.

the life of the pioneer structure, all Iron claims on Iron Mountain west of Cedar City were acquired;

wooden piers supporting the flooring coal properties at Sunnyside, near Price were added; a battery of byare being placed in metal guards filled product coke ovens, later to be doubled in capacity, were installed, and

with odorless creosote and resting upon on May 2, 1924, one hundred tons of Utah iron were tapped from the stone or concrete bases. furnace and shipped to Columbia's California mills.

Recently completed has been the inOn June 7th, of the same year (1924), the State of Utah officially stallation of steel anchorage in the ceilrecognized its newest industry by proclaiming Utah Steel Day. For

ing to guard against plaster coming the occasion an iron bell cast at Cedar City was used to announce the loose. ceremony.

DRAPER MARKER HAS optionIn to1929,the ColumbiaUnited StatesSteel SteelCorporationCorporationannouncedfor thethepurchasesale of anof

DOUBLE PURPOSE Columbia's properties and assets. In 1930, the deal was completed and

Steel Steel Corporation Columbia western became Columbia Company, unveiled 23 February monument A steel the subsidiary largest manufacturer. world's of"in the Draper Ebenezer by Brown

its of Steel operation years During Columbia has conCompany of the of PioDaughters UtahCamp materially tributed to the of welfare growth Utah. and The Company late tributeneers to the Dr. pays John

state million the payroll within dollars annually, approximates one while Park, of leadingR. Utah's educaone

freight substantial brings to annually the railroads revenues of movedtors, his for in eight teaching years of state. the site alsothe the community, and marks to In addition gross average producing an of tons of five hundred pretheof Meetinghouse,"which "Old fiftysix operates daily, the iron Ironton plant of fifteencoke ovens site of pig well as as Draper, theceded tons each. capacity coal 1,125 are coal of ton coked each day, Some fort, structurethe Draper an adobe

six metallurgical tons of coke, producing approximately thirteen hundredbuilt pioneers. Stone the by Mormon feet gas, tar, thirteen cubic million gallons of together of thousand withfor the the from south monument came

fuel. sulphate quantity of motor a and ammonium first church,"step of white the "old

schoolhouse in the district.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1940

WOMEN MUST WAIT THE ADVERTISERS (Continued /rom page 220) farewell. The pain in his eyes at

and Where You Will Find go on his mission, and trust in the her refusal had almost weakened

Their Messages Lord to take care of the rest. her decision, but she had steeled her

The next few days were busy ones heart against him. If he really cared,

Albers Milling Co 200 for Linda. At Sacrament meeting all this could easily have been

AllisChalmers Co 199 the next Sunday the bishop anavoided. Yet, as he said "Good203 Becsley Music Co.

Beneficial Life Ins. Co Back Cover nounced Jerry's call and invited bye,"something about his solemn

Bennett Glass and Paint Co251 everyone to his farewell on the folfinality struck cold fear to her soul.

Borden's St. Charles Evaporated lowing Friday evening. After that, At seventhirty the family depart226 Milk

246 Jerry bore his testimony. Listening ed for the meetinghouse, all except Brigham Young University

Case, J. I., and Co 253 to his rich young voice proclaiming her and Grandmother, who was too

Church's Grape Juice 202 his desire to serve the Lord, Linda old to go out any more. After they

Columbia Steel Company 241 felt her anger melting; and yet, why had gone, Grandmother suggested a

255 Continental Oil Co just the time. to of as well serve checkers pass couldn't he with game

201, 222 Deseret Book Co forgive the never and out brought board Linda she would No, Press 254 her? Deseret News

First Security Corporation 250 him. checkers, but her mind was not on

Fuller Paint and Glass Co 197 The next morning, after breakthe game. Neither, it seemed, was

Glen Bros. Music Co 236 fast, she requested her father's perGrandma's, for she began to talk.

Globe Grain and Milling Co 227 240 mission to sell her acre of land. Mr. "You girls today; you're mighty Hotel Lankershim

Hotel Utah 246 Crandall, however, was a bit skepspoilt. Now in my day, a girl was

Hovey Press 200 tical. "The land market isn't so willin'to sacrifice for the man she

195 International Harvester Co it, too. Besides, she had to do now, Honey. good right loved—and Radio Station KSL in fussy give that mighty aiming to to be were thought you man had I A Inside Back Cover

Landes Tractor and Equipment acre to Jerry for a wedding present."those days about the kind of a girl

Co. 248 "Maybe I was,"said Linda, "but he married. He had to have a real

L. D. S. Business College 252 there won't be any need for a wedhelpmate. It took more than a

Products Co...240 Dairy Midwestern 247 ding present now,"—try as she pretty face, and stylish clothes, and Chocolates Miss Saylor's

Mountain Fuel Supply Co 247 would, she couldn't quite keep the soft words, to pull a handcart across Mountain States Implement Co 243 catch out of her voice—"so I'm going the plains. What with fightin'InNalley's Inc 202 to sell it and use the money to go to dians, and endurin'cold, and starCulture..200 School of Beauty Ogden

Savings Prudential Federal and business college. If he can go away vation, and bearin'children with no Loan Ass'n 202 and make a new life for himself, I help nor anythin'—those were the

Quish School of Beauty Culture.. 198 guess I can, too."things that proved a woman's worth.

Red Comet Fire Ext. Co 251 But if she loved and trusted her

203 Baking Royal Co could, him all she man, and helped studied JVIr. Crandall Stores, Inc.249 Safeway

all out things usually worked underwhy shrewdly. 251 his daughter Stamp He Co Salt Lake

Shell Oil Co Inside Front Cover stood her hurt, and he couldn't help right."

Inc 245 Brands, Standard old voice uncertain wavered The determination, but he her admiring 242 Taylor Jewelry Co her closed stopped. Grandma and misdirected. However, it was 198 knew Three Crabmeat Diamonds her breathing presently eyes and time, she given a little he reasoned, 244 University of Utah

Union Pacific Stages -203 would find herself. His eyes twinwas punctuated by soft little snores.

203 Utah fire. Engraving In Co quietly sat the Linda by deal a I can kled. make "Mebbe

Ins. Fire 252 Utah Co Home those of her a picture mind was rich said. "There's he you,"Ind...—228, 229 with Mining Metal Utah planned, hoped and women who It will acre. that soil in grow Producers'Poultry Coop. Utah

Ass'n 245 mighty fine potatoes. Suppose you worked and waited, and sacrificed

.252 to and Savings Utah selflessly. Trust Co seemed gave She and years, of for it to a couple lease me

College.. Agricultural 193 State Utah again, "But hear words Grandma's for the month by you and I'll pay 255 and Condon Washburn

if trusted her man, loved she and are you soon schooling. your 201 Star How White Tuna 2. C. M. 1 196 planning to leave?"and helped him all she could—

"I want to go as soon as I can,"Suddenly she got up and arranged said Linda, "but maybe I'd better the afghan over Grandma's weak wait until we get the fruit taken old knees; then she ran softly upcare of."She turned quickly to the stairs and began to change her dress.

window and looked out over the She gave her hair a final pat and broad acres of farmland on the other slipped into her cape. She ran lightly

down the stairs and out into the garden. kitchen mother's of her Company side

little at her night. pain tugged A sharp

This is the time to think of heart. Maybe she didn't hate the The meetinghouse was brightly

School Rings and Pins. We farm so badly after all. It might be lighted, and Linda could hear the

can furnish you with these hard leaving it. Oh, why, when life music a block away. That meant the

articles. Refinement of deseemed to be going along so beauprogram was over and they were

sign and quality makes us tifully, did something like this have dancing in the amusement hall. She

an outstanding Manufacto come up? Why wasn't Jerry did not want to meet and talk with

turer. satisfied to stay home and marry anyone else until she had seen Jerry,

162 So. Main St. her, and the two of them find happiso she tiptoed to one of the windows,

Phone Was. 5123 ness together? and looked in. She searched among

Salt Lake City, Utah Friday was a terrible day. She the dancers but he was not there, so

had refused definitely to go to Jerry's (Concluded on page 244)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1940

THE OLIVER ROW CROP "70"MOUNTED MOWER shears clean and close with short, sharp strokes of the knives on the cutter bar. Power comes from takeoff

shaft—a simple, safe, effective drive.

Sturdy Oliver construction. Easily atiw-;!f';:

tached. Pressure lubrication. Look at

Oliver horsedrawn mowers, too.

.::::.:.::-

THE OLIVER SELF DUMP HAY RAKE 1:.-.',.,:.:,; S3BSKaH88s3SfiK8P5

has a rigid, hotriveted angle steel frame—of "bridgetruss"design to prevent sagging and twisting. Rake teeth

lift and drop instantly by foot clutch.

Three different "down"positions, three"up"positions to handle all types of STURDY OLIVER TOOLS hay under every condition. Always "In Season"—Everywhere

Before many weeks, the first fragrant crop of hay will be ready to cut and rake, cure and put away. Are you ready with the right tools for

this important job? The "feed value"of your hay crop depends on how

it is handled. See Oliver Mowers at your nearest Mountain States

Branch. And look at the Oliver Self Dump Rake or combination Side

Delivery Rake and Tedder.

THE OLIVER MOUNTED 2-ROW CULIt will pay you, in fact to get acquainted with all that Oliver offers to for Crop "70"TIVATOR the Row Tractor make all farm operations easier and more productive. Spring—Sumcultivation. to potatois ideally suited

Adjustable for 28inch to 42inch rows. mer—Fall—we'll be glad to demonstrate the sturdy Oliver line—from

High clearance—short headlands. Powplows to planters to cultivators to harvest tools—to the modern higher lift for quick control.

compression Oliver tractors.

IMPLEMENT DEALERS NOTE: We have plenty of opportunities for livewire

merchants. Write today for information on open territories.

MOUNTAIN STATES IMPLEMENT CO.

The Oliver No. 44 Cultivator is one of OGDEN, UTAH

the most valuable tools ever designed for the beet or bean grower. Has ruganches: PrestonIDAHO AND MANY

ged, angle steel frame, carrying wheels UTAH Blackioot adjustable on 38"'40"and 42"centers. Murray IdahoShelleyFalls LOCAL

Cultivates four rows, 16"to 28"apart. Ogden Rexburg

Logan TwinRupert Falls DEALERS Buhl

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1940

Women Must Wait THE IMPORTANCE OF THE IMPROBABLE ( Concluded from page 242 ( Continued from page 211) mother, until you have asked a milshe hurried into the chapel. It was ago, whether by chance or by dilion or even a hundred million mothempty, but the door leading into the rection, and the importance of this ers, you will always receive the

it has not hapbishop's room was ajar. Linda heard improbable happening was to bring same answer: that

the bishop speaking, and stopped. into being our own planetary syspened to them. And yet, the im-

"I'm sorry, Gerald, that this hasn't tem of worlds, one of which, the probable did happen, and under it turned out as we expected. The earth, is our present abode. such humble circumstances that

last years haven't been too good for created little curiosity. But look at

the farmers, and I guess the men the tremendous consequences of that just couldn't afford to give any more. Tn our daily affairs of life, we are event which was so seemingly imthings seeing continually those of a goodsized probable judged by standardsWe were expecting seem which to us may that happen contribution logic Nothing has from Mr. Crandall highpure and reason.

would have made up the deficit, but ly improbable and to others certain had such a deep effect upon the he said he couldn't afford it now. events connected with the coming shaping of human lives and the desHe has had an unexpected expense forth of our religion, when considtinies of nations as the birth, the

come up quite suddenly. If the way ered purely from a rational standlife, and the resurrection of Jesus.

isn't opened by the time my son repoint, seem highly improbable. They

turns from his mission, you can go seem so improbable that it is often And so, when some of our young then and I'll be able to help you."very difficult, if not impossible, to people who have begun to have a

"It won't be necessary to wait any convince others of their truth by little higher learning (socalled) longer, Bishop Williams."Linda's using reasoning methods alone. begin to wag their heads in doubt

voice sounded strange in her ears While they have in them nothing when reading or discussing Joseph as she walked into the room. of the elements of the "gambler's Smith's first vision, they should

"You see, my father's unexpected chance,"viewed from our limited think twice before making a deciexpense was for me, but, I'm sure I perspective, they still seem to be imsion. Highly improbable from some

won't need it now. I'll be much too probable. Consider the virgin birth points of view, yes; but as I have

busy sewing piece quilts and making of Jesus. The idea that this miracle tried to show, highly improbable

rag rugs for our home..."actually happened is scoffed at things do happen, whether by

"Linda!"She heard Jerry's voice, among coldly calculating men and chance or by direction, and when

and turned to meet his eyes, but women—even among those who call they occur, their impact upon socouldn't because her face was buried themselves Christians. They argue ciety is very great. And so, this great

against his coat. that, if you ask this mother and that event, although cast aside in most

Special summER SCHOOL CO DESIGHED ox. XwdsAA. off UoidL

PARTIAL LIST OF M. I. A. workers—class members, officers and teachers—are

invited to send for Summer School Bulletin, which describes in detail a rich offering of courses in such subjects as Social Work,

MARGARET S. CHANEY—in Dramatics, Debating, Music, Physical Education, Home EcoNutrition

N. H. COMISH—in nomics, Social and Civic Education, Ethics and Vocational

Distributive Occupations Work. JOHN H. DILLON—in

Distributive Occupations (First 3 weeks only) LORENE K. FOX—in

Elementary Education HEDGER—in GEORGE

History and Political Science summER session -1940

HARRIET HOWARD—in

Kindergarten Education (First two weeks only) L. ARTHUR MARBLE—in June 10Jaly 19;My22Aug- 16 Visual Education

HENRY NEUMANN—in

Social Education and Vocational Ethics Enjoy the inspiration and instruction of such eminent educators

W. HOWARD ODUM—in

Social Sociology and Work as Margaret S. Chaney, Henry Neumann and Howard W.

O. P. ROBINSON—in

Distributive Occupations Odum—all of whom will conduct courses through the sixweeks

(Second three weeks only) summer session.

UI1IUERSITV OF UTAH, Salt &Jul c, w*/l

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1940

The Importance of the weedcreasedbeganas the immediatelyday wore on. andI wentinYou'veGod, if Yougot towanthelpmeme;to Idocannotthis thing,do it

Improbable to bed, but sleep was impossible; in alone.'

the morning I was almost ill, but "When I arose from my knees the intellectual circles as unbelievable, determined to carry out my resoludesire was gone, and never from because so improbable, will go on tion. As the new day continued, my that day have I smoked or even

shaping the lives of millions of incondition became worse and worse wished to smoke."

dividuals and will yet be a major until I was nearly mad with the longFive years after this occurrence, factor in the destinies of nations. ing to smoke; and finally, when I the Colonel retired from the army

And, let it be remembered that could bear it no longer, I went back and since that time has devoted his when we accept the existence of a to the attic, brought down my box, means and energies to the service of

Higher Intelligence guiding human and once more placed it on the table mankind. When last I knew of him

affairs, that which seems improbin the library and opened it. When he was doing a wonderful work in

able to the human mind is but a I looked at the contents a wave of India, building schools, reconstructmanifestation of an intelligence shame came over me at my failure to ing churches, and assisting in the above that possessed by us. Man carry out my purpose, and, falling work of the Church of England Misdoes not know everything—thereon my knees by a chair, I cried, 'Oh sionary Society.

fore, that which seems improbable to him, may be the most probable to One who knows more.

"On My Shopping List I Pilgrimage (Concluded from page 215) always write:

taking up the Bible I began to read the passages which portrayed the

I life. toChristian started Then NMILK WHITE'EGGS

I if up, askingcheck myself measured up to all the various requirements, // so anxious was -THEY ARE BEST!plete surrender to I myto Heavenlymake a comFa-

ther's will. Product of Utah Poultry Producers'Coop Assn.

"I finally concluded that I was living a true Christian life, and, thinking aloud I said, 'Yes, I am now Milk White"Eggs doing everything that is right in the Are Used Exclusively by sight of God,'when, out of the M. I. A. Cooking Schools

silence of the room, a voice said, 'How about smoking; is that right?'

I turned hastily and replied, 'Of course it is right; there is nothing

wrong with that; everybody smokes.'

The voice spoke again, 'Is that right?

Is smoking right?'

"I became weak from the experience and tried to shake off the impression, but it was impossible. Atlast, unable to do anything or think ASK YOUR GROCER FORof anything else, I decided to abandon this habit too. FLEISCHMANN'S HIGH VITAMIN YEAST"

"I was an inveterate smoker,

. Helps cigarettesbought thouthe by my supply the vitamins you need. Start now to eat 2 cakes 'every day.sand, kept pipes a a and number of

large supply of tobacco always on hand in convenient places in the ROYAL GELATIN DESSERTS house, for I smoked everywhere and all the time. Seven delicious flavors—lemon, orange, cherry, strawberry,

"I now took a strongbox and raspberry,salads, appetizerspineapple,and mainlime. courseAnd dishes.use Royal Salad Gelatin for

placed in it all the things pertaining leavingto smoking, nothing out to ROYAL PUDDINGS I carme. the box,remind Locking

ried it upstairs and placed it on a Made with wholesome arrowroot. Three flavors—Chocolate,

top shelf in the farthermost corner of Vanilla and Butterscotch. Also make delicious homemade ice

the attic and said to myself, 'Now cream.

I have given up smoking, and I believe I nave done all that the Lord ROYAL BAKING POWDER requires of me.'

'But, carrying my smoking outTheof tartar.only nationallydistributedDependable and economical.baking powder made with cream

fit to the attic did not affect my lifelong habit, for the cravings for the

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1940

I to directions. back months. be agreed went remember Mr. Lamb We HoleThe Water

I to east. as told the so before west hour an and went sundown We

(Continued from to to to to water time horses get the scout stay boys but page 213) have around ing that bad old customer with the before dark. We each took the best together and not to go over two miles

shovel that was leaning against the horse we had, a bucket, and our from camp and above all to watch wagon. I cut his head plum off and lines. Maybe you will wonder why out for snakes and water.

then sent Enoch to bury it. Poor we took our lines, but you will find

Jimmie, he turned so pale I thought out. nA,lLONG about four

he was going to faint, but he could "We decided our best chance was o'clock I came to a place that looked not say anything. You know, he to follow up the lowest places in good from the lay of the country.

went deaf when he was a year old. the country and find some dry I could see where the water had

Had the meningitis before his mother washes, because once in a while poured over a bluff a hundred feet died. when it rains heavy the flood waters high. It was a mighty hard place

"We decided that Mr. Lamb and will pour over a sandstone cliff and to get to, I tell you. I circled plum

I would go hunting after water and wear and dig out a hole at the botaround it but every side was steeper that we had better go in different tom that will stay full of water for than the dickens. Finally I tied the

>n < i rw >n< m. >n < i n; in< in<. in i i n; > n< >n< >n< ><->< >n< lines together and tied one end to a

uo o big rock that was lying there. I

it steeper. kept getting I found it was Four Quarters of College then started to ease myself down but I slick that getting and so steep

couldn't crawl back up so I tried pulling on the lines to help but the Each Year big rock commenced to slip. I tell

you, my children, I thought my time to die had come.

Brigham Young University provides four quarters of study each "All the time I kept thinking about year, making possible the completion of a regular college course for poor mother and the children. That

the bachelor's degree in only three years. wouldn't have been a good time or

Teachers in service may enter the Spring Quarter after their place to leave them. Well, sir, there

closes credit school time; in proportion then to the remaining and earn

of I was: couldn't get up and every they the continue during to earn a total may Summer Quarter,

twentytwo to thirtytwo credit hours during their vacation period. little while I could feel myself slip

down an inch or so. I cussed my

SPRING QUARTER: March 18 -June 5 poor judgment, but it didn't help

SUMMER QUARTER: June 10 - August 24 any in the predicament I had got

(Two Terms: June 10 - July 19; July 22 - August 24) myself into. I was close enough to

For information, address The President the hole that I could see water way down, and it looked deep. The

hole was shaped like a great big BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

PROVO, UTAH egg with a hole in one end. The

"SCHOLARSHIP—SPIRITUALITY—CHARACTER"water pouring over the bluff had dug

and worn out the hole in the centuries past.

"I remembered I had left Old Doll standing up on top, but she was not tied. I couldn't see her, though.

Well, my dear children, that was fathe old about worst night your 2J 3 spent, clinging ther ever to the on

H3-: end of that line. I never could

m m haveenoughhungto onhaveonlythethatbuckleI wasendluckyin my hand. 1mm "It was bright moonlight and

Welcome M. I. A.! asomecoyotetimehowling.along in Thenthe nightprettyI heardsoon

Collectively or individually visits your cordially are always welcomed at I along could on see him walking truly great hotel. than More million dollars a hall spent in modernization bluff. top of the I could see him moderate rates prevail as always.—yetthis

Home oi plain as day against the moonlit sky.

thing sense old smart had more THE EMPIRE THE STARLITE ROOM ROOF The it yipyipping, kept than and I. He THE RENDEZVOUS THE COFFEE SHOP seemed to me he was saying, 'I Opposite Historic Mormon Temple—Salt Lalie City know you are a fool,'

"I had plenty of time all that long night to think of my sins and repent of them, too. ( Not that I believe in

lastminute repentance either.) I

a of mind pictures good drew many

I %H0TELGuy Toombes, Managing round would swim and round UTAHDirector how that hole like a mouse in a churn of

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1940

The Water Hole

Ibuttermilk. comforted

comfort there of myselfwas—with "Your idea, Henry? I was thewhat morsel

drink at least a good haveI would

I said one who suggested changing in turningbefore my checks.

old coyote, 'You that toout loud to a Gas Refrigerator!"get evenwon't to gnaw my bones.'

"It was just coming daylight when

I heard someone holler. I was so

tired and stiff, and my tongue was so swollen that I could hardly make a sound. But I called as loud as I

could, and next thing I knew there was Mr. Lamb on top of the cliff.

He called to me, Xafe, what are you doing?'and then he could see

and for a little bit he didn't know what to do.

"He had his lasso rope on his horse and I really think that saved my life, because my lines were so old and worn they would never have pulled me back up, and I was so near gone I couldn't help myself much.

He called to me, 'Hold on with one hand and hold up the other.'I did

and slipped some more! I could.. because it freezes silently with

feel I was almost half way hanging over the edge of the hole. It was

a cracka was Mr. Lamb good thing PARTS!

loop the lassoer. threw and NO MOVING He

roped my arm and then tied the end There's good reason why people with experience are to his saddle horn and pulled me choosing the Gas Refrigerator... why people buying

safety. to life andback

of each other after their first automatic refrigerator are picking it, too. The got hold "We

he helped me up and as there was no Gas Refrigerator is the only one one to see us we cried a little. Mr. that can give you the big adLamb said that when he had revantages of a freezing system

thinking kept they toturned camp all without a single moving part.

I up, but soon showthe time would why it's permanently in strolled about That'sthat Old Doll when siELECTROLUX economical. me, mother poor withoutmidnight lent—permanently

was almost frantic. He told her Come and see the marvelous

there was no use going to hunt me new models. Convenient terms.

because they could not track me in the dark, but about three o'clock she pleaded so hard that he started out well that heeast and anyway have mother must did. MOUNTAIN FU EL SUP PLY COMPANY imagine whatJust

suffered. We knelt down on the

sand rock in that early morning light Salt Lake - Ogden Serving 23 Utah andlife—andthankedthosethe wereLord thefor dayssavingwhenmy Provo Communities

your old father was not given much to praying.

"Mr. Lamb had some bread and

boiled rabbit in his pocket. I ate

some of it and pretty soon felt better.

We set to scheming how to get the water. He had his lines and the

rocks carried hadrope. till we We SERVE slip or GIVE couldn't they a pile so big

be moved, and we fastened the rope to one. We then tied the rope UNUSUAL

around Mr. Lamb's waist, and he CHOCOLATES

slid down to the edge of the hole.

I to him and the bucket eased down $1.25 Assorted and Nuts,.Lb. $1.25 Chews Asssorted. Chocolates, the Milk of it over the edge slipped he Assorted..Lb. Chocolates, Boguet French Chocolates Assorted Remembrance Gold

Lb. the $1.00 to and water and hole down up $2.00 From

pulled some up. He untied his lines // your favorite store doesn't have these candies

(Concluded on page 248) Writ* MISS SAYLOR'S CHOCOLATES, ALAMEDA, CALIFORNIA 247

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1940

dren don't know anything about thankful prayer. I thought it would

The Water Hole hardships. When his trousers wore be a good thing, too, so I didn't tell

( Concluded from page 247 out, Mother made him another pair them we had already prayed. 1

out of the seamless sack we had our called on Mr. Lamb to pray this time

from the bucket and tied mine on flour in, and he was mighty proud. because I thought it would sound

little up. I pulled aand five miles the thanking for about better them found be him to "We the best was "That life to the water I ever from about of saving and than to say end camp Lord for my

tasted in my life without any extheir endurance from walking half it myself, but I said a good loud ception. In that way We finally the night, calling for me, and from 'Amen'when he got through.

filled buckets. of the one Mr. Lamb thirst. the of the awful unloaded one Enoch had the wagons "We said. the hole intolooked over and rare hole to the sense seldom over all drove water good found in and

'It is round and smooth as the inside boys of his age. He had marked and, with the help of the boys and

of an egg shell and big as the capitol their back track by piling three stones the lines and ropes, we got enough at Washington. It looks to be about together every little way. They water up to fill the kegs, and water

half full of water,'were returning to camp when we all the horses and drove back to "It took us about an hour to get found them. camp to rest up for three days. Both

one of the bucketfulls of water and "After I kissed Mother and she man and beast needed it mighty bad.

then we started back to camp. Mr. cried a little while, they drank the "The fourth morning we started

Lamb made me ride the horse and kerosened water, and we got on the on our journey again with our kegs the water.he walked carrying felt full of water. horses started tummies and back to camp. and We to camp, we got back "When and good. fainted once. pretty Heber dead was better Mother away

huntgonemother and were Enoch different from did not things water have to pour were much any toing horses me. took two We I just they have so been had might in her ride Weon her blew face what

and led two and went to hunt them. and she came out of it, game as fallen in that water hole. TenI

"We put the last of the kerosene could be. chances to one they never would

in the lantern and washed it out "The scene when we got to camp have found me and they couldn't with a bit of the precious water and I can't quite describe. The women have got me out if they had.

took the bottle of water and some folks all did a bit of crying. When "After many more long days of

bread and jerkey along for them. Jimmie made some wry faces and journeying we reached Lee's Ferry

The rabbit was all gone. signs of derision, Mother said, 'He on the Colorado River. Some day

"It was not so hard tracking them needn't be doing that. I heard him I will tell you about the storm that

because of Enoch's bare feet. I can crying in the night.'struck us there but not now, I can't

still see those little tracks in the "Mother suggested we call everytell stories anyway; it's out of my

sandy places. You younger chilone together and have a word of me.

MONEY MAKERS

VATERPILLAR"Diesel gives you fuel economy, low maintenance cost, stamina, versatility, more work, long life.

But don't take our word for it. Ask a fleet owner why he

likes "Caterpillar."Ask him why he bought more than

one. Ask the operators, servicemen, foremen and superintendents what they thinkl

TRACTOR and EQUIPMENT CO.

SALT LAKE CITY LANDESDistributor of "Caterpillar"Diesel Engines. TrackType Tractors, Road Machinery

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1940

TO UTAHFARMERS

Henry Horn started farming on his present 160acfe place, near Falls City in southeastern

Nebraska, about 25 years ago. The yields he

got were pretty low to start with. But Henry

Horn has changed that. By rotating diversified

crops on strict schedule he built up the soil.

And by breeding from fine stock he has made his hogs known for quality all through the

Missouri Valley. Nowadays the Horns get top

crops from their land and top prices for many different things. You'll be interested in what

they've learned about how food of various kinds goes to market. The Horns approved

this story as it is written here—j

Your Safeway Farm Reporter

the Horn family Why is doing all right...

* </'YUR own crops and skimmed milk, with tankage -'and minerals to make a balanced formula, fatten our stock in grand style—we can even make our own

mash for the chickens,"Henry Horn told me. "And

the way we've planned things we're never short of something to bring in cash.

"Selling so many things has kept us in touch with modern marketing. We like the way the Safeway

peoplefast—indofinebusiness.condition.TheyAndgettheyfoodstuffssell at moneysavingto customers

prices which make it possible for people to buy more."

Mrs. Horn had this to add: "We've had dealings

with Safeway ever since they opened their Falls City store eleven years ago,"she told me. "We buy there

Jr., takes care Horn Horn, of the Henry 15, and Chris it's store, prices Ruth clean, a modernregularly—because flock of about chick1000 are Horn strapping Horn, 10, farm

find. fine as are asare you can fair, and the foods she the markets their folks boys help ens and eggs a who

"We've had firsthand experience with Safeway's and broilers. In addition, Mrs. Hogs shown by Henry havelot.

quality standards. Often we sell them such things as Horn runs an attractive home, taken 12 championship ribbons

eggs, broilers, onions and tomatoes. They'll take only puts up hundreds of jars of in 4 years. Chris is raising 2

the best, but to get it they gladly pay better than the afruittreatyearly,to sitanddownsets toa table it's calveshogs at andthe CountyshowingFairhis first market price."THE SAFEWAY FARM REPORTER

Yields the Horns get in an average year

Hogs (principal cash crop) 75 to 100 head

Corn 4300 bushels from 66 acres

Oats 500 bushels from 12 acres

Wheat 300 bushels from 8 acres

Atlas Sorgo 75 tons from 5 acres (additional acreage in sweet clover and pasture used for range feeding Yearround cash income from sale of Hornthan hogs250 poundsare purebredapiece spottedwhen shippedPoland Chinasat 7 months.averagingGenerallybetter

3000 dozen eggs and scores of broilers and dressed chickens they command a premium because they're known to make good from 1000bird flock... cream from 6 dairy cows (skimmed pork. Mr. Horn recently shipped a 900 pounder to the Omaha

milk fed to stock)... a variety of fruits and vegetables stockyards, second largest hog ever seen there. His purebreds

have won prizes in competitions far and wide

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. APRIL, 1940

Satisfying FINANCIAL SERVICE THE FIRST SECURITY WAY

Consult the officers of any of these banks near you about any sound credit need you have.

Thousands of persons and business firms are being benefitted by these First Security Credit Services:

MORTGAGE LOANS—BUSINESS LOANS—PERSONAL LOANS—AUTO LOANS

Convenient Terms Reasonable Rates

FIRST SECURITY BANK OF UTAH

National Association

With branches at Ogden, Provo, Logan, Bingham, Magna,

Richmond, Park City

FIRST NATIONAL BANK

Of Salt Lake City With branches at Sugarhouse and Tooele

FIRST SECURITY TRUST CO.

Salt Lake City

FIRST SECURITY BANK OF IDAHO

With branches at

Boise, Pocatello, Blackfoot, Emmett, Gooding, Hailey, Idaho

Falls, Jerome, Montpelier, Mountain Home, Nampa, Payette,

Preston, Shoshone

FIRST SECURITY BANK

Rock Springs, Wyo.

Members of Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1940

THE INSPIRED REVISION (Continued [rom page 207) habitants of the earth. (Doctrine and CoveWriting to them on April 21, the nants 124:89.)

Prophet said: In the troubled period between ColorStyle

It is not the will of the Lord to print these revelations no printing of the any of the New Translation in the Star; Bible was possible.

it is all to published, it willbut when go established at Nauvoo, Once itself; together,the world in a volume by the Your Home to publish Saints again made efforts the ofand Testament and Book the New

Mormon will be printed together. (History the Inspired Revision to the world.

of the Church 1:341.) The First Presidency of the Church WITH

The forthcoming work was awaitdeclared:

ed with considerable interest by the Connected with the building up of the is circulation printing of Bennett's the and kingdom inSaints. again Phelps W. W.

Doctrine and of Covethe Book Mormon, itquired about in a letter dated June translathe nants, book, and new hymn 4th. The Prophet's reply was writtion of the Scriptures. (History of the nPropprhjN

ten just eight before days he laid 4:187.) Church Me,

revisionaside the of the Bible. He Several other similar statements JnsurancfV

gave the significant answer: preserved in the History of the

In regard to the printing of the New Church by the Prophet Joseph show

ItTranslation: until cannot be done a vigorous we that to 1844 from 1840

it this ourselves, attend tocan and we will for donations drive and was made permits. the as asdo soon (History Lordof the Church 1:365.) subscriptions and the payment of Paints

tithing to hasten publication of these Bennett's 66 exclusive shades and following perthe effect During summer, desired permit tints every Saints engaged the works. were As mixing. costly decoration withoutsecution increased immediate and color want. you the exactly get inYou at in erecting the Temple Nauvoo chips. color for the large Ask FREEprinting practicable. not But was

time, limtheir this resources were it that believed Saints the was by ited. editions of Nevertheless newthe delayed temmerely work BENNETT was GLASS the the of Docand Book Mormon

itporarily, that be comwould and & CO. PAINT trine well the as as Covenants and

firstpleted at opportunity. Prepthe CITY SALT LAKE printed. book new were hymn The

itsarations for publicacontinued Intermountain the throughout Dealers to translation Bible the be of was Countrytion in spite the of and mobbery of the next. assassination the But

terrorism of other problems and the at Carthage, Prophet June Joseph of evening thethe Church. On the 27, cut short 1844, work. Time

11, 1834, the ProphetJanuary Jothe printing of not permitted had several other Elders unitseph and scriptures. the revised

ed in prayer and asked the Lord to of the After the shock suddengrant certain petitions. One of these passed somewhat, martyrdom had WhenFIREpetitions was:

to authorities returned the Church the printing protect Lord our That would press the of from hands give their tasks. Interest in the Prophet's STRIKES evil men, and

first in five it's count vital that for minutes revision the lessened, had notus to forth record, send means His even fire fire. in has practically fighting But rethat August, 1844, the ears of allHis Gospel, hear Brigham Young may control getting of beyond no chance

it; and also that we may print His Scripcorded the following: when the Modern Method of Fire Control

tures; and also that He would give thosewho were appointed to conduct the press, Monday, 19—Elder Willard Richards

wisdom sufficient that the cause may not called on Emma Smith, widow of thebe hindered, but that men's eyes may thereProphet, for the new translation of the RED COMET by be opened to see the truth. (History of Bible. She said she did not feel disposedthe Church 2:2-3.) to give it up at present. (History of the "AUTOMATICS

Church 7:260.) are properly installed, for before the fire

'T'wo specific revelations were reThe manuscripts remained in Emhasanismmuchgoesofintoa startaction,the aautomaticblanket ofmechfire- fire instantly. ceived that the smothers from the Lord gas until she killing hands 1866, when the ma's or freeze stain fluid This does not spot,scriptures printed. should be The electricity. of nonconductor is a and of publito a committee gave them

first, April 23, 1834, outlined the cation of the Reorganized Church. For further information write

United Order and included the comHowever, at the request of the mand Bernhisel Prophet, had Dr. M. John Inc. CDMET, REDto yourselves, organize shinelah to even manuscript, the of a copy made Colorado Bldg., Littleton, in767 Red Comet [print] fulness the scripof words, my my Bibles in dicating changes made twotures, I the revelations given have which

unto you, and which I shall, hereafter, in the original. The copy made by

from time to time give unto you. (Doctrine Dr. Bernhisel was preserved and J. V. NELSDll

and Covenants 104:58.) brought to Utah by the pioneers 403 North 9th West, Salt Lake City, Utah

The second came seven years latand is now in the Church HisPhone Wasatch 6139-W er when the Saints were at Nauvoo. torian's Office. In 1867, the ReConcerning William Law, the Lord organized Church first published THE ORIGINAL

said: the manuscript under the title of Self PiercinsL. Self Clinchinj

printand, Scriptures in 1893, Holy will will If he hencefrom let him do my the ed the and Book of Mormonforth to the of hearken counsel SALT my servant 57 LAKESaltSTAMPLake City,CO.Utah together, W. Broadway believing Testament his New interest theJoseph, with support and

cause of the poor, and publish the new that in so doing they were obeying Send For Free Samples translation of my holy word unto the in- (Continued on page 252)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1940

*L. D. S. Training Pays!"The Inspired Revision

( Continued from page 25 1 The Best in Business Training fduA the commandment of the Lord that the Book of Mormon and! the revised

an Environment that Inspires Achievement inNewa singleTestamentvolume.should be placed

The Prophet Joseph stated definitely that the printing of the New

Translation "cannot be done until we can do it ourselves, and this we will do as soon as the Lord permits."Throughout his harried life

he had no opportunity to supervise the publication. For this reason the

Church has not authorized the publishing of his revision of the Old and New Testaments, except for the portions found in the Pearl of

Great Price.

II Tt is incorrect to say that the Proph-

L. D. S. COLLEGE "GOODWILL GROUP"—1940 Bible.et JosephHe did Smithnot pretendtranslatedto knowthe

singers, assisted talented directed These K. Swigart and by young Norma by Lowell any ancient language such as HeHicks, central in successful schools of northern presented high has programs and many

Utah. brew or Greek nor did he have any

manuscripts. The only text he used

The L. D. S. College offers one of the most thorough courses of training to be found

in any business school—YET THE COST IS EXCEPTIONALLY LOW. was the old family Bible he and Olithe ver purchased had Cowdery May we send you our "Bulletin of Information"?

is at presBible previous year. This

ent in the possession of Vida E.

L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE Smith Yates. Through inspiration

SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH and revelation the Prophet was led

to render differently various pas- "-] sages and also to restore missing parts. His work was that of revising

the scriptures rather than translatJhsL TTbsvL yjoiu (complete isinggenerallythem in theunderstood.way that translating

diavsi, JthsL TyboASL The Prophet did not proceed directly through the Bible chapter by yaiL dicwsL Tlmel (7J>anhuia chapterHe beganfromwithGenesisGenesis,to Revelation.but on

March 7, 1831, the Lord had instructed him to translate the New ice... Testament in its entirety before M

completing the Old Testament. The

Let this strong, conreason for this, it appears, was that INSURANCE servative bank assist the Lord considered the New Testaif Protect what you have you in the rehabilitament of prime importance, and to revision of the part any be was it. insuring by Buy tion of your business time, the to unfinished press of due insurance. Let sound problems. it to the not be want He did New explain of us the value complete attachimportance Our service Testament. The

a policy in the Utah includes commercial ed to the New Testament is further that the the fact Lord Home by acattested Fire Insurance and savings it printed that be had commanded Company. counts, complete of with the in a single volume Book

trust service, abMormon. This was therefore a safestracts of title and ty measure for the protection of the

UTAH HOME FIRE safe deposit boxes. truthsview ofin it.the HavingNew Testamentfinished a reon

re- 2, the Prophet 1833, the Testament, on Old INSURANCE CO. I SAVINGS & sumedFebruarywork TRUST it five later. Heber CO. finishing J. Grant & Co. jj months UTAHSalt Lake City, Utah written of Genesis jj The Book was General Agents

Federal Reserve Member System in full in the manuscript, as this but Deposit Federal Member Salt Lake City, Utah | Insurance Corporation folrequired in the too much time, -IN It ||iii-|( ||—nll!!—II—m i ||—|i Hi lowing books the Prophet Joseph in252

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1940

THE INSPIRED REVISION dicated by a caret where the words century A. D., for the Prophet JoVerily, I say unto you, that it is not needshould appear and wrote the ones seph was told not to translate it. ful that the Apocrypha should be translated. to the margin. the be added in Prophet reached the Words When Therefore, readeth whoso unit, let him

out.to omitted struck be the were Apocrypha Lord revealed: When for derstand, the Spirit manifested! truth;

additions had to be made or correcVerily, thus saith the Lord unto you And whoso is enlightened by the Spirit, shall benefit obtain therefrom;tions written too lengthy were to be concerning the are Apocrypha—There

receiveth whoso And not by the Spirit, contained therein that are many things margin,in the they were on made it benefited. cannot be Therefore is not it is correctly; translated and mostly sheets.separate time a true, At no was

that translated. it should be Amen. are things There thereneedful contained many Biblecomplete manuscript of the (Doctrine and Covenants 91.) in that are true, not are interpolawhich

made by Joseph Smith. After Sidtions by the hands of men. (To be continued)

ney Rigdon came he wrote down the name of each book of the Bible and of each chapter in it in which changes were made and also the words to be inserted. Occasionally

the number of a chapter is listed in the manuscript in order and the word "correct"is written under it.

When they began revision of the

New Testament, they wrote in full the first three Gospels and to the sixth chapter of the Gospel of St.John, as they had previously writOn Your Sugar Beets

ten Genesis in the Old Testament.

From then on, the shorter method This Case planter comes closer single seeds withwas used of marking in the margin a to dropping and text where insertions should be planterout bunchingyou can thanbuy. Itsanyinclinedother

made and listing in the manuscript seed plates are positively nonthe title and chapter and the words cracking, and they are not damto be inserted. At first the correcaged nor is their accurate action

tions were quite fully written out, upset by foreign objects in the seed.

and often many words were repeatSaves as much as 50 % on labor for ed. As the work progressed, the blocking and thinning and gives

shortest possible form was again morecentagesperfectof marketablestands, higherbeets. perused.

Corrections were somewhat topThis Case beet cultivator has ical in nature, although the manutwo tool bars at front of tracscript offers evidence that they were tor and one at the rear. It is easy to

not taken up in topical order. Ceruse any arrangement and adjusttain topics, for instance such as ment ofsweeps, shovels, or weeders

mention of the Messiah and the that you want. Gauge wheels conOnly Begotten in the Old Testatrol the depth accurately on uneven

shovels Inner ground. mountedment, the word "repent,"and others

easy to forward, watch andwere changed with great regularity. guide with Synchronized Steeringeasy to

On the other hand, the fact that of Case allpurpose tractors.

the various books and chapters were listed in consecutive order in the manuscript shows that correcfrontPulledof andtractor,guidedthis Casefromtwothe tions were not made in order of row beet puller steers easily and topics, but in order of their occuraccurately along the rows. Depth

rence in the Bible. controlled by big gauge wheels;

raises it clear for turns. MotorLift

suction, for Ill Easily adjustable

HThe Prophet Joseph Smith retainof beets, and width of row. Easysizeon

ed the same order of books as—easy off; quickly removed; leaves

found in the King James version tractor free for other work. See

rather than the order of the Hebrew these tools at your Case dealer.

Old Testament—i. e., the Law, the

Prophets, I and the Writings—and for Beet Booklet Send Newthe New Testament remained the Fill that in- I blanks machines below; marksame also. The fact that only one terest you; mail to J. I. CASE CO., Dept.

at nearest Wis. branch or Racine, D-10, thebook, of Solomon, Song was I re-!t Costs less fo Grow r Tractor Plows Beet Toolsjected being as not by the Prophet Tools Tractors Beet Horse D CentennialAllPurpose

TurnOver Plows D 4-Wheel Tractors"inspired writing"indicates all othSugar Beets with er books of the Bible are canonical. NameThe Apocrypha was left in the position to which it had been relegated Address

by the Hebrew scholars of the first.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1940

SOLUTION OF MARCH PUZZLE Amos Alludes to Agriculture (Amos 7:14)

E z E K 1 E L ft s C R E W IE Tl F E R E $ s R 1 $N T H T R E A T R D H E A T* T H E w S S U P $ E A $ R % s V A T &T? MU Y A M E uL T HI S & $ $ N D G 1 V A H E M IS T

L E E S S M R!

A A K Tt N A 1 N T w 88 $d

1 1 C V c E E T K L A E A E M M! R F R 8

S H C &1 C E s S N T Y 8 a

To Keep Your Current Magazines..

A New and Practical 1 Genus of ferns; a mad unitACROSS36 "And. will plant them"

(anag.) 37 "then I., O Lord God, for-

... s> il be the length theregive"Binding Development 7 "a of"make ye this..."39 "Why

10 "your gaidens... your vine40 "..., flee thee away"

Here is a new and convenient yards"41 Gaelic way to keep your magazines as 11 "and.. was strong as the oaks"42 "and... serpent bit him"

... "Then the Lord unto me""One 43 in, readily 12 orderly they and come

"like 13 Handle the.. 45 height. had very... goodthe cedars"figs"

It consists of accessible. a durable, 14 Visitors'13 Bone of down 47 book

attractive cover, so devised that 16 Animal 49 "leaned his hand... the wall"

twelve issues of THE IMPROVE18 "The words of..., who was 51 "like... corn is sifted in a

sieve"of Tekoa"among the herdmen readily can be placed ERA MENT declareth 20 "and I will unto man smite the winter house... is 53 "And

for therein, readconvenient ready his thought"the. with.. house"

ing. 22 "your young... have I slain"55 "yet I destroyed his... from

24 Second creature to leave the ark above, and his roots from

This binder eliminates the con25 "... thou as man seeth?"beneath"

fusion on your reading table which 28 "Amos, O... seer"57 Mast

is apt to result when your various 30 "Is... not even thus"58 "or gold, or pearls, or... array"

31 plant Aromatic current magazines are left to lie 32 measure Type Text 11, from is 10, 12, Our Amos about loose.... "that full of sheaves"33 18, 20, 25, 28, 34, 36, 37, 42, 43.

We can supply covers for hold34 "fall,... never rise up again"45, 53, and 55 combined

ing twelve current issues of any DOWN

Church publication, (and other 2 "from... to Beersheba"27 Musical compositions

... maketh a cheerful publications as well), at surpris43 TheUnsoundfirst gardener 29 "Acountenance"merry

ingly low prices. 5 "... will I do unto thee, O 35 "and they shall... more be

Israel"pulled up out of their land"

Write for further information, or 6 Son of Bani Ezra 10: 34 37 "and that which I have... I will

call at our office for a demonstra- 7 Continent declare"tion. 8 County of Nova Scotia 38 To God (L.)

9 Feminine name 40 Greek letter 12 Measure of Tunis; owns, reversed 43 Heavy blow

13 "Anr whom is the... of the 44 Hebrew measure

cJhe Ujeseret It ews 15 CompassLoro revealed"point 46 "theandlabourthe offieldsthe oliveshallshallyield.. no.,

17 The Old Testament records a nummeat"of transportation Means.. against the 48[Press... berkingof cases of. Plant, the bitter vetch 50

29 Richards Street 2119 MountainMythical youthin Greecefamed for beauty 5452 SonPen offorJudahswine tales Spanish measures; sad (anag.) Chinese 55 name of Buddha Salt Lake City 23

is come peo26 upon "The... my Old note 56

ple of Israel"THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1940

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS (Concluded from page 225) is probably more important now than playing and the wasting of your time in in any earlier age in the world's that good, brings doing something no bodily, history. The coming of machines,

intellectually, sometimes or and way, in any leads your children to become gamblers, with man's new control of natural because they become expert cardplayers. forces, has given man a degree of

The Church as a Church requests its memleisure never attained before. How

I undercards. to hope play bers not you

that to stand me, I want and I am to use that leisure is one of the foreknow you speaking for the Church when I ask the most problems of the day.

people to let cards alone. (96th Annual Use leisure properly and youth

Conference Report, p. 10.) may rise to valiant, productive maThis applies especially to officers turity; use it improperly, and a race

of the Church, who should be exof weak, unproductive men is likely amples to the people. In the words to arise to destroy the gains of our

of President Joseph F. Smith: hardwon civilization. From that

The announcement that a president of a point of view the question of games other leading stake, of or bishop a ward, official cardof recreation rises high. Cardplay- of fond of the Church was

playing would come as a shock to every ing must then be considered as a sense of propriety... such a practice factor in the maintenance of civilized

as with incompatible looked be would upon person, smateven with a life. No

responsibilities the duties of a religious and tering history, will suspect of human... life. is to cardaddicted who man No playing should be called to act as a ward cardplaying to be a product of civFASTER

teacher. (See Smith, Gospel Doctrine, pp. ilization, or a contributor to its main412, 414.) tenance. Latterday Saints would THAN

These men have been sustained by do well to find other means of leisthe Church as prophets of God. We uretime recreation. J. A, W. INSTANT

shall do well to follow their counsel. (For information concerning variThere is no greater safety in life than ous card games and forms of enterfor practices conformity to the tainment house set up and camping for engffie - t safe in the is called to lead parties, write the General Mutual us by him who

Church. A person may feel himself Improvement Boards, 50 North

"innocent uninjured game by an of Main Street, Salt Lake'City, Utah. ) m but if there cards,"such a game, be

life desires successful the he who is Letters From Finland att drain *J25> to extent that he the injured always disobeys the counsel of the Prophet (Concluded from page 198) misery. justice and and have Where seaSn;JtIrare of the Church. Leader and "dryst y< of gone? mankind to love then, objections four are Here, we Get "... impossible. don't long know we how by We time; of cardplaying: waste The

at peace, but that our be I hope may engin Merchant. temptation the to everpresent gamFather, before Heavenly stood has who *Sgenewj aftereffect ble; inner unpleasant the Your us, will the by same now. do c On advice the players; the Continentalupon and is "It reassuring to to have go Him

against cardplaying given by the to in all our needs. Of course, at times

presidents of the one thinks that everything looks hopeChurch—prophets less, but some day the clouds will partof God.

It must be added that relaxation again and justice win its victory.

from the regular duties of the day is "We gather as before in our Sacradesirable and necessary for human ment meetings and try to encourage wellbeing. Wholesome games of each other as best we can."

recreation are advocated by all rightFrom Sister Inga Ronnkvist minded people. Moreover, the "... I hope you have had a good

above objections are not directed Christmas there. Christmas has also

here, differently but from much various card come theagainst and many it the believed raid would. Air we way of these market. thegames on Most alarms, be- I neverfurnish innocent and wholesome lieved thatbombings—yes,I should live to experience

recreation, and many are really insuch as this, but I hope that our Heavstructive. It is true that they may be enly Father will protect us from all

played to excess, but in fact it selevil, and I believe He will. But perdom happens. This is true even haps we must have our trials and diffiwhen such cards are used in games culties so that in better times we can

imitating those with playing cards. appreciate the good. But many times

It is also true that they may be used it feels as if my heart will break when for gambling purposes, but in fact I see how our soldiers fight and die for it is almost never done. The pall of takenour dearfromland.here, ButI aminready,case whenwe areI

evil seems to rest upon the playingknow I have the truth. But I hope that

cards handed down to us from anjustice sometime will win. I wish you

tiquity. Therefore they should not a continuance of God's blessings."

be used. These letters were written from

The question of proper recreation Larsmo the first of January, 1940.

ipMtamLQu LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY TABLE MANNERS

The task of teaching sixyear-old Mary Ann table manners been a hard one. She always neglected to say, "If you Toingsbe "wellinformed"is important—andin thesethat isdaysthe ofexpressiontremendousthathappenshould hadplease."

be used, rather than the one in common usage, "wellposted."One day while visiting with her mother at the home of

Therefore the wise person will keep informed, rather than some exacting relatives, the young miss shouted, "Pass the posted about the events of the world. cake."

<> The dismayed mother said quietly, "If what, Mary Ann?"

The Improvement Era. Pullman, Wash. of "Ifice youcream.can reach it,"replied the child between spoonfuls

Attention BeeHive Dept.: --

I magazine and a reader been have of your many years FOR Gordon, age four, had ridden in from the field on a load therein. In conwell the of contained advice thought

nection with the Jubilee announcement on page 50 of the of hay and he and his elder brother had fallen off with a small

January, 1940, issue may I suggest that the survival of tree bunch of hay. Asked by his brother and his Daddy if he were

plantings made in March or April will be several hundred times frightened, he quickly answered "No."

as great as the survival of trees planted in June. The earlier "Why did you get so white then?"they teased.

the better. It is imperative that they be planted, transplanted, "Well, I couldn't stay blue all the time, could I?"he replied.

or moved before the buds begin to break or any growth starts. Submitted by Mrs. Vance O. Lind, Lynn, Utah.

With best wishes for a successful Jubilee and treeplanting program. THANKS FOR THE LIFT

John L. Schwendiman. "Where's the car, Dad?"asked the son of an absentminded

$ professor.

said, really scratching he don't dear know,"me, I "Why,

I recall to take it the past. Westwood, Lassen County, Calif., his out?""Did an effort head in

Editor Improvement Era: "You certainly did. You drove it downtown this morning."

Under date of December 10, 1939, the undersigned com- "Well, now, that is quite remarkable,"said the professor.

mittee submitted to you for publication or comment in the "I remember now that after I got out I turned 'round to thank

Era, a copy of letter which was sent to Life magazine, prothe gentleman who had given me the lift and wondered where testing an illustrated article in their December 4th issue, the he had gone!"

subject of which was educating women to smoking.

An article of comment appeared in the February issue of the EASIER SAID THAN DONE letter. in this regarding error credited our However, Era was is noble; but to teach good be once said, "To Twain Mark California, to Angeles. which is adjacent Westwood, to Los is nobler, trouble."less to and be good as there in are California, Inasmuch near others two one Westwoods

the Angeles, other in Los Lassen County, 'TIS BETTER THUS is this the north, mistake made. commonly someWe600aremilesaskingto

you to favor us by printing a correction in the.Era crediting Burroughs: "I asked you for a loan of ten dollars. This

the article to us, the Westwood, Lassen County, group, Neis only five."

District. "I vada Lenders: know it is, but that's the fairest way—you lose

five."Thanking and I lose you in advance. Respectfully, your brethren, five

Jensen, M. C

Fred White, THE FIGHTING IRISH O.

A. F. Haws, Johnson: "It's all wrong about the Irish being such good

Committee. fighters."

@> Jackson: "Really?"

Peru, Indiana. Johnson: "Yes, last week my brother and I and two other

Dear Brother: chaps almost knocked an Irishman silly."

MAY weI missionariestake this opportunityhave for theto expressEra. Ittheis trulyappreciationthe voicethatof NOT SELFMADE

the Church, and is very helpful to us in preaching the Gospel. Bill: "And has she made Jim a good wife?"

Recently on a train I opened it to the poetry page and offered Joe: "I don't know about that but she certainly has made

it to a tired mother who had traveled across seven states with him a good husband."

children. her small read eagerly two later She returned and

smile. it with In addition to reviving a her tired soul the noble TIME MARCHES ON

thoughts and wise appeal of the Era opened the way for the Fussy lady (who has been a long time in selecting her presentation of other literature. purchase): "But I don't think this is Iamb. It looks to me

Sincerely your brother, like mutton."

Oliver F. Hansen, Exasperated butcher: "It was lamb when I first showed it

District President. to you, lady."

GOOD CUSTOMER

TEXTUAL DIFFICULTIES Judge (severely): "This is the fifth time you have been

Father and mother and their son, Sam, always attended brought before me."

church. They were always careful to make note of the text of Defendant: "Well, sir, Judge, when I like a fellow I genthe sermon, which was discussed by them during the week. erally give him all my business."

But one Sunday the father and mother were both sick.

They insisted that Sam go alone and be sure to remember the TO THE HIGHEST BIDDER for them. theme

attribute great the city age?"your asked do what you "To for the directed being asked went as and upon boy The visitor of Hoskins. Eben Grandpa said, his "It return scared. You'll get 'Don't text be was, on yit,"just "I can't cautiously. answered say Grandpa "They's quilt'."the

fellers o'testimonial a-dickerin'several with them me."clear did questioning the Further curious so not up matters,

inquiry elsewhere, forced parents were whereupon to make text that the speaker's they learned was: "Be not afraid. The IT'S DAD WHO PAYS

comforter will come."A new definition for father: "A kin you love to touch."

KSL's guide staff. From the left Wayne Durham, Rodman Heath.

John Powell, William Spere, Joe Shaw and Keith Engar a KSL Says "Welcome!

One of the most pleasant daily occurrences A competent staff of college students act as ofat KSL is to welcome people who come in guides—explain every interesting phase

and say "I'd like to see your studios."operations. They're pleased to answer

Every year, thousands of persons are carequestions and to make you feel at home fully directed through the studios, told how while you're here.

programs originate, hear explained the principles of technical operation, meet If you haven't visited us yet, do so. Make

many of KSL'Staff, see the KSL news room, up a party, and enjoy the sincere hospitalsign our evergrowing guest log. ity of "The Voice of the West."

50,000 WATTS The trunk of a tree is a double symbol of strength: of family solidarity, so long as its

main support is alive and vigorous; and of

the power of life insurance to give continuing growth and wellbeing to the lives of its dependent offshoots.

As a further suggestion...if your life insurance is Beneficial, its protection is strong—

like a tree trunk. See your Beneficial ag<

?,b?'J f "??!> F'f P.; '.ail I aI.c < ify, UUli