Vol. VII. The Glory of God is Intelligence. NO. i.

IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Organ of Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations.

PUBLISHKD BY TBB OENERAJL BOARD.

F. Smith, > Buslneu Joseph Gkamt, 1 Hbbbk j Hditora''''| Managers. Anderson, Thos. Hull,J. Edw. H.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Liake City, Utah, as Second Glass Mattr.

NOVEMBER, 1903.

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

Portrait of Hon. Frank Fuller Frontispiece

Joseph Smith as Scientist. I Dr. John A. Widtsoe 1

Fisherman Knute's Chiistmas Gift. I Nephi Anderson 9

You Can Always Trust Mother. A Poem Sarah E. Pearson 17

President Lyman's Travels and Ministry Joseph J. Cannon 19

A Talk on Nature's Remedies J. H. Ward 24

Time Endears. A Poem Lydia D. Alder 27

Religion—True and False Joseph R. Tuddenham 28

About Friends O. S. Marden 30

Talks to Young Men. I.—Counsels of Successful Men 31

Blessed are the Merciful Ben E. Rich 38

The Man Who Feels. A Poem 41

Some Leading Events in the Current Story of the

World—The Open Shop—Political Affairs in

England—Cured in Graves—The Situation in

the Balkan—Another American Peril Dr. J. M. Tanner 42

Rest and Progression. A Poem L. L. Greene Richards 52

Editors'Table -Trust in God President Joseph F. Smith 53

The October General Conference 56

Hon. Frank Fuller 58

Notes 59 In Lighter Mood 61 Our Work—Failure of the Era to Reach Subscribers—A Lesson in Business—For Class

Teachers and Presidents—How About Missionary Work? The Late M. \. A. Conventions—Send Orders to this Office—Our

Study Aim 63 Events of the Month 71

SALT LAKE CITY:

214 215 TEMPLETON BUILDING.

Published Monthly. $2.00 Per Annum.

JOHIC.IcCLAII.Prest. THEO T. BURTOI, See. R. J. BURTOI. Ireei

Dress BUtTON conu Well Pretty cuts of -xoLUlUBEt CO.

the newest fall styles are shown in our ALL BINDS Winter cataOF log. Full of helps for fall GOAL.

sewing. Gives low

est prices on Dry ALL KINDS OF LUMBER

Goods, Shoes and Wholesale and Retail. Clothing.

Sent Free LUMBER IN CAR LOTS A SPECIALTY.

tc anyone. Office, 60 "W. Second South Street.

Yards, Cor. Fifth South and Third West St

Telephone 808.

THE.

OF STATE BAHK OTAB

Aeeoants Solleited.

Coffespondenee Invltsd* OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS.

Joseph F. Smith, President.

Wm. B. Preston, VicePresident.

Charles S. Burton, Cashier.

Henry T. McEwan, Asst. Cashier.

Heber J. Grant Jos. D. MurdoclE

A. W. Carlson Heber M. Wells

Byron Groo Isaac Barton MISSIONARIES

should write to or call on the Keep IVIoney at Home

SALT LAKE KNITTING WORKS for their By Insairitig

HOSIERY. UNDERWEAR AND "GARMENTS"in the——

before leaving for Don't their fields of labor.

We have a full line of Carrir WHITE SHIRTS, HOSIERY, NECKWEAR Your

Our Specialty is KNITTED "GARMENTS."Own HOME

We have them in Cotton from $1.00 up

and in Wool from $1.76 up. m. ORDBR BV 3BCKIL PROSBE US.

When ordering "Garments"send yourheight, weight, chest measure and length of FIRE eleeve to

Salt Iiake Knitting Works, OF Salt Uake City, Utab C. H. THOItSTE]<lSE]Si, ]Igii UTAH

directors: fl6t)6r J. Grant) & 60., President J, A. Hendrickson,

Joseph F. Smith, VicePresident Thomas Hull GENERAL AGENTS.

Rudger Clawson M. Christopherson 2026 Suth Mam St.. Salt Lake City. Utah.

(WHHW WBITING TO AD7BSTI8BB8 PLBAfiB MBNTIOn THH BRA.)

EVAN STEPHENS, President. GEO. ROMNEY, VlcePresldsnt.

R. R. ROMNEY, Treasurer. H. 8. DAYNE8, Secy. and Mgr.

/A/co/fpo/irrD.

ASK ABOUT OUR $59.00 ORGAN.

ASK ABOUT OUR $199.00 PIANO.

40 Richards Street, Sa/t Lake City, Utah.

DE=.O..03C X7.

W{lEi|T FLAlE

are manufactured from

carefully selected stock.

They are honestly and one If McConahay intelligently preparedby sold ttie Rlog, 4lW. 2nd South special process. There

is a certain pride, too,

a striving for continued supremacy. /fVv

MANUPACTURliD BT

Peepy Bros, iilliag OGDH)>l. UTXH. (When writing to Advertisers,Co.J please mention the Era.)

THE PRESTICE OF AN OLD sometimes causes imitation.

is only one TaylorRomney-ArmstrongCo., THERE

organized in 1869, and still doing business under the same name. Be sure you get the name right.

all kinds No need to tell you that we sell lumber of and everything else that is usually sold by a firstclass yard.

mill lots of it. Other We also do custom work—yes,

dealers who send us their mill work tell us they do so because the work is done better than elsewhere. No

doubt that is the reason. Suppose you try it.

TflYliOH"H01HiEY"flHlISTH01<lGGO.,

South Temple and Seeond West.

SAVE YODR MONEY, AND WHEN YOD GET A DOLLAR DEPOSIT IT WITH

ZION'S SAVINGS BANK & TRUST COHPANY.

4 Per Cent Interest Paid on |i. to |5,ooo.

oppiCEls.

Joseph F. Smith,

L'== President Anthon H. Lund

VicePresident.

W George M, Cannon Cashier.

Lewis M. Cannon,

1= Asst. Cashier,

g Joseph F. Smith

Anthon H. Lund

John R. Winder,

T. G. Webber

James Jack

. Cannon JohnAngusMT. Caine

Francis M. Lyman

George Reyniddj L. John NnttaU

Angus J. Cannon

A. O. Woodruff

Hjrum M. Staitii

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

Digitized by tine Internet Arciiive in 2011 with funding from Corporation of tine Presiding Bisiiop, Tine Cliurcli of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

http://www.archive.org/details/improvementera0701unse

HON. FRANK FULLEK,

Secretary of Utah Territory 18611863.

Vol. VIL NOVEMBER, 1903. No. 1.

JOSEPH SMITH AS SCIENTIST.

BY DR. JOHN A, WIDTSOE, DIRECTOR OF THE AGRICULTURAL

EXPERIMENT STATION, LOGAN, UTAH.

I.—INTRODUCTORY.

Persons who are not acquainted with the labors and writings of the great Prophet Joseph Smith, are prone to believe that in no way did he furnish intellectual food to his followers. Those, however, who know, though it be only in outline, the comprehensive

character of the system of theology which he taught, are not surprised to;find principles enunciated in his writings which clear

away mists of uncertainty in every department of human knowledge.

The purpose of these articles is to show that even though the mission of Joseph was chiefly of a spiritual nature, yet he recognized definitely the fundamental laws and many of the facts of natural science; and that, in many cases he stated natural laws

which later have been discovered and accepted by men of science.

Such a demonstration will not of itself be sufficient to establish a testimony of the truth of Joseph Smith's mission: but it may remove an obstacle from the way of those who are seeking for

truth. At the same time it may show the falsity of the assertion

2 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

frequently made by enemies of the Church, that the writings of

Joseph Smith are devoid of ideas that can furnish intellectual stimulus to an educated mind.

Throughout these articles the word science will be used in the narrow, popular sense of biological and physical science, meaning the systematically arranged knowledge of external nature. The

domains of political and mental science, in which Joseph Smith made numerous suggestions of fundamental importance, are not at all considered in this series of papers,

Joseph Smith had few educational advantages during his life;

and his scientific teachings did not rest upon information gained in schools or from books. His parents fully appreciated the value of

an education, but the pioneer lives which they led, and their numerous financial misfortunes, made it impossible for them to realize their desires for the education of their children. The

Prophet's mother writes that when Joseph was about six years old,

Hyrum, the elder brother, was sent to an academy at Hanover,

New Hampshire, and the smaller children to a common school.* It

is probable that throughout the wanderings of the family the children were given such meager schooling as was possible.

Joseph was a "remarkably quiet, welldisposed child,"and his life up to the age of fourteen was marked only by those trivial circumstances which are common to childhood.f

A few months after his fourteenth birthday, the future prophet beheld his first vision. In his autobiography he mentions

that at the time "he was doomed to the necessity of obtaining a scanty maintenance by his daily labor."J This would indicate that

at this age he was spending little or no time in school. During

the time that elapsed between his fourteenth and eighteenth years, there is nothing to show that the boy was receiving scholastic education. The Prophet says that he was left to all kinds of

temptations, and mingled with all kinds of society. Nothing is

* History of the Prophet by his Mother, Improvement Era, Vol. 5,

p. 166. t Ibid p. 247.

t History of the Church, Vol 1, p. 7.

Ibid p. 9.

JOSEPH SMITH AS SCIENTIST. 3

said about the acquirement of book learning. About the age of

nineteen he writes, "As my father's worldly circumstances were very limited, we were under the necessity of laboring with our hands, hiring out by day's work and otherwise, as we could get opportunity. In the month of October, 1825, I hired with an old

gentleman by the name of Josiah Stoal. During the time I was

thus employed, I was put to board with a Mr. Isaac Hale—it was

there I first saw my wife (his daughter), Emma Hale. On the

18th of January, 1827, [when the Prophet was a little more than twentyone years old] we were married, while I was yet employed in the service of Mr. Stoal. Immediately after my marriage, I left

Mr. Stoal's and went to my father's, and farmed with him that

season."* From his eighteenth to his twentysecond year, then,

there is evidence that he worked as an ordinary laborer, and attended no school.

It seems, moreover, that Joseph Smith was not a boy to gather information from books, for his mother says of him, when he was eighteen years old, that "he seemed much less inclined to the perusal of books than any of the rest of our children, but far more given to meditation and deep study."t From the records

extant, the conclusion is justifiable that from his fourteenth to his twentysecond year Joseph Smith received practically no school education, and did no extensive reading. What he might have

gathered from conversation with others during that time is unknown to us. However, it is known that the heavenly messengers

who visited him at intervals gave him much valuable information, which more than compensated for his poor scholastic advantages.

One month before his twentysecond birthday, the golden plates were delivered to the Prophet, and the next two and a half years he was engaged with various assistants in translating the

Book of Mormon; though at different times during this period he

farmed and did other manual labor. During this period (twentytwo to twentyfour and a half years of age), he most certainly

attended no school nor gave special attention to worldly knowledge.

On the 6th of April, 1830, when the Prophet was twentyfour

* History of the Church, Vol. 1, pp. 16, 17.

t History of the Prophet Joseph, Improvement Era, Vol. 5, p. 257.

4 IMPROVEMENT ERA

years and four months old, the Church was organized. The life

led by the Prophet from this time to 1844, when he was assassinated, was not conducive to the gathering of information, and quiet, deep reflection. During almost the whole of this period his life

was in danger; scores of times he was arrested on trumpedup

charges; the Church was driven from place to place; he built at

least three cities, and two temples; organized and governed the

body of the Church; taught the doctrinal system accepted by his

followers; organized the public ministry of the Church for spreading the Gospel among all men, wrote his autobiography; compiled

the revelations given him, and made a revision of parts of the

Bible.

The mistake must not be made, however, of assuming that because the Prophet's education had been limited, he lacked a due appreciation of schools and scholastic attainments. On the contrary, at a very early date in the history of the Church, schools

were organized even for the older men, that they might improve their time and make up in a manner for the lack of opportunity during their early days. During the winter of 1832-3, a school of

the prophets was organized in Kirtland, Ohio, and another in Independence, Missouri, at which the elders of the Church received various instructions. In the discussion relative to the building of

temples, references to schools being held in them were always made, and, in fact, in the fall of 1835, when a portion of the Kirtland temple v/as finished, "schools were opened in the various apartments."Many "were organized into a school for the purpose

of studying the Hebrew language."* The reading of Greek had

previously been begun. In these languages as well as in German,

the Prophet acquired considerable facility. His studies tended, of

course, towards the interpretation of the Bible and the explanation of Gospel truths; though at times his investigations appeared

quite foreign to his special work, as when, in 1838, he began the methodical study of law.

When the city of Nauvoo was chartered, a section was included, providing for the establishment of a university, to be called the University of the City of Nauvoo, under the direction

Autobiography of P. P. Pratt, p. 140.

JOSEPH SMIIH AS SCIENTIST. 5

of which should be taught "all matters pertaining to education, from common schools up to the highest branches of a most liberal collegiate education."*

In numerous revelations did the Lord urge the Prophet and the Church to gather information from every source, of which the following quotations are good illustrations: "Teach ye diligently,

that you may be instructed in theory, in principle, of things both in heaven and in the earth, and under the earth; things which

have been, things which are, things which must shortly come to pass; things which are at home, things which are abroad; the wars

and perplexities of the nations, and a knowledge also of countries and kingdoms. Seek ye out of the best books words of wisdom;

seek learning even by study."t "Obtain a knowledge of history,

and of countries and of kingdoms, of laws of God and man."$

"Study and learn and become acquainted with all good books, and with languages, tongues and peoples.""It is impossible for a

man to be saved in ignorance."|| A more comprehensive outline

of education can hardly be imagined. The energetic manner in

which the Church has acted upon these instructions, during its whole history, need not be recounted here.

However much the Prophet sought for knowledge, even from books, in his later life, the fact remains that the evidence in our possession indicates that, up to the time of the organization of the

Church, his book learning was very slight, and that during the years immediately following, his time was so fully occupied with

the details of organization that little or no time was given to education, as ordinarily understood. These statements are of especial

importance, in view of the fact that all the principles to be discussed in the succeeding papers of this series were enunciated before the end of the year 1833.

The associates of the Prophet are unanimous in saying that his spiritual and intellectual growth was marvelous, from the time

* History of Joseph Smith, George Q. Cannon, pp. 341, 343.

t Doctrine and Covenants, 88: 78, 79, 118.

t Ibid 93: 53.

Ibid 90: 15.

II Ibid 131: 6.

that the work of the ministry fell upon him. He was transformed

from a humble country lad to a leader among men, whose greatness was felt by all, whether unlearned or educated, small or great. Of himself the Prophet said, "I am a rough stone. The

sound of the hammer and chisel was never heard on me until the

Lord took me in hand. I desire the learning and wisdom of heaven

alone."Certainly, his whole history shows that the great learning which he did manifest was acquired in a manner very different

from that followed by the majority of men.

The mission of Joseph Smith was of a spiritual nature; and

therefore, it is not to be expected that the discussion of scientific matters shall be found in the Prophet's writings. The revelations

given to the Prophet deal almost exclusively with the elucidation of socalled religious doctrines, and with such difficulties as arose from time to time in the organization of the Church. It is only,

as it appears to us, in an incidental way that other matters, not strictly of a religious nature, are mentioned in the revelations.

However, the Church teaches that all human knowledge and all the laws of nature are part of its religious system; but that some principles are of more importance than others in man's progress to

eternal salvation. While on the one hand, therefore,. it cannot

reasonably be expected that Joseph Smith should deal in his writmgs with any subject peculiar to natural science, yet, on the other hand, it should not surprise any student to find that the Prophet at times considered matters that do not come under the ordinary definition of religion, especially if they in any way may be connected with the laws of religion. Statements of scientific detail should

not, therefore, be looked for in Joseph Smith's writings, though, as will be shown in paper No. 7, these are not wholly wanting; but

rather, we should expect to find general views of the relations of the forces of the universe.

It is not in harmony with the Gospel spirit that God, except in special cases, should reveal things that man by the aid of his natural powers may gain for himself; hence, it would be improbable

scientific detail should be foundthat much

Prophet to theings. as follows:—"Behold,in the Prophet's writyou Lord spoke The

have not understood; you have supposed that I would give it unto

you, when you took no thought, save it was to ask me; but, behold,

JOSEPH SMITE AS SCIENTIST. 7

I say unto you, that you must study it out in your mind; then you

Must ask me if it be right, and if it is right I will cause that your bosom shall burn within you; therefore, you shall feel that it is

right."* Such a doctrine makes it unreasonable to look to the

Prophet's work for a gratuitous mass of scientific or other details, which will relieve man of the labor of searching out for himself nature's laws. So well established is this principle that in all probability many of the deepest truths contained in the writings of Joseph

Smith will not be clearly understood, even by his followers, until, by the laborious methods of mortality, the same truths are established. It is even so with the principles to be discussed in the following papers. They were stated seventy years ago, yet it is only

recently that the Latterday Saints have begun to realize that they are identical with recently developed scientific truths; and the

world of science is not yet aware of it. However, whenever such

harmony is observed, it testifies of the divine inspiration of the humble, unlearned boy prophet of the nineteenth century. Moreover, the absence of such scientific detail, as would in all probability

have been used had the Prophet known of it, is additional testimony that he did not get his information from books.

The Prophet Joseph does not use the language of science;

which is additional proof that he did not know the science of his day. This may be urged as an objection to the assertion that he

mnderstood fundamental scientific truths, but the error of this view is easily comprehended when it is recalled that the language of science is made by men, and varies very often from age to age, and from country to country. Besides, the God who spoke to Joseph

Smith, says, "These commandments were given unto my servants in their weakness, after the manner of their language, that they might come to understanding."t If God had spoken the special

language of science, the unlearned Joseph Smith would not, perhaps, have understood. Every wise man explains that which he

knows in the language of those to whom he is speaking, and the facts and theories of science, can be quite easily expressed in the language of the common man. It is quite needless to expect

* Doctrine and Covenants 9: 7, S

: 24. t Doctrine and Covenants 1

8 IMPROVEMENl ERA.

scientific phraselogy in the writings of Joseph Smith. The absence

of the language of science is further proof that the knowledge of

Joseph Smith was not obtained from books or men.

Finally, another important fact must be mentioned. Men in

all ages have speculated about the things of the universe, and have invented all kinds of theories to explain natural phenomena. In all

cases, however, these theories have been supported by experimental evidence, or else they have been proposed simply as personal opinions. Joseph Smith, on the contrary, laid no claim to experimental data to support the theories which he proposed, nor did he

say that they were simply personal opinions, but he repeatedly asserted that God had revealed the truths to him, and that they could not, therefore, be false. If doctrines resting upon such a claim

can be shown to be true, it is additional testimony of the truth of the Prophet's work.

In the following papers it will be shown, by a series of comparisons, that, in 1833, the teachings of Joseph Smith, the Mormon

Prophet, were in full harmony with the most advanced scientific thought of today, and that he anticipated the world of science in the statement of fundamental facts and theories in physics, chemistry, astronomy and biology.

References to the literature used are frequently made, for the benefit of those who desire to verify the quotations made. This

work has been done in all soberness, and with no desire to force facts into the line of argument. For that reason, much valuable

matter of an indirect nature, has been left untouched. Lack of

time has prevented the discussion of other direct scientific evidences of the truth of the mission of Joseph Smith.*

(to be continued.')

* It may be observed that all the reasoning in the following papers is based upon statements made in the Doctrine and Covenants and Pearl of Great Price. For various reasons, the Book of Mormon has been left

for later study.

FISHERMAN KNUTE'S CHRISTMAS GIFT.

BY NEPHI ANDERSON, AUTHOR OF ADDED UPON,"yjii THE CASTLE BUILD

ER,""MARCUS KING, MORMON,""thE HIGHER LAW,"ETC,

-FAITH.

the whole And so Ingeborg and Knute were married—while

village wondered at the strange decree of fate that launched two such persons into the uncertain sea of wedded life.

To all outward appearances, the occasion was auspicious enough.

The land of the North never looked brighter than on that day. It

was an ideal spring day in northern Norway, a day when the sun sheds warmth and gladness on the awakening earth, and coaxes out from their hiding places the hardy flowers and buds. The mountains now were taking upon themselves a tinge of green, the smaller

slopes were soft with young grass, and even the sea, usually wild and cold, lay as if peacefully asleep under the warming, soothing rays of the sun. Yes; it was a day full of God's sunlight

when Ingeborg and Knute were married, a day such as sometimes is given to man to bring out also from him, as it does from nature, the best that is within, a day in which no man can have doubt in his heart.

They were married in Trondenes church, that ancient landmark of northern Norway. At a distance it looks like a great

stone barn, standing on a point of land jutting out into the fjord, but when one gets nearer, he sees the parsonage at the rear, and the small graveyard by the side. Within the church, it is dark

and gloomy, and no wonder the bridal party hastened from its dismal atmosphere to the sunshine without, as soon as the ceremony had been performed.

10 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

fishDown by the wooden pier lay a fleet of boats—Nordland

ingboats with high prows and square sails, and towards the boats

Knute and Ingeborg walked, followed by the company. They were

a pair to be admired, at least, much as some of the more pessimistic shook their heads. Knute was a big, broadshouldered

man, dressed in a suit of black in which he looked as he felt, completely out of place. His large head was covered with a mass of

curling brown hair which revealed a tinge of red as he walked bareheaded in the sun down to the water. His face was smoothly

shaven, and glowed with the health that comes from the winds of the north.

Ingeborg was tall and fair. Her face was pale, save for the

red on each cheek. Her hair was a light golden color, and hung

in a long, gleamy braid down from under her silk kerchief. As she

walked by the side of her husband, she looked up into his face with a smile, and tightened her grasp on his hand.

A breeze came from the land, and, though laden with the sweet scent of bursting buds, the company soon embarked in the boats, which were dancing at the end of their ropes. The sea

lives breeze was more to their liking—these Northlanders whose

were spent in company with the screeching seabirds that skimmed the waves.

Then the sails were hoisted, and there was a grand race for home. Knute had promised the first boat that arrived a prize

worth having, and now there was a test of seamanship. Even

when made, Knute vowed to win it for himself. He had Ingeborg

only in his boat, and a light burden she was. Adjusting his sail

properly, he came and sat by her on the tiller seat. The boat sped

out into the fjord with a score of others close at hand. The breeze

came strong from the open sea. Color was in every face, and joy

and courage in every heart.

Ingeborg sat for some time looking at her handsome husband.

"Knute,"she said, "you are as eager as the rest. You surely

do not wish to win your own prize."

"And why not,"replied he, "I said the first boat that touched the pier should have it. That doesn't exclude my boat, the best

in the fleet."

"What will the prize be, Knute?"

FISHERMAN KNUTE'S CHRISTMAS GIFl. 11

"Ah, little wife, something good."

"I hope Lars wins it,"said she after a pause.

"Lars? Why?"

"Well, he needs something good."

Knute laughed aloud; then pulled the sail a little higher up

the mast, "Knute, I am so happy,"said Ingeborg. Of course, he could

see that, but she wished to tell him of it besides. For reply he

put his arm around her and kissed her. She was content to nestle

closely to him—and the boat sped over the waves.

"Knute,"she said, "we are beginning life's journey, do you know that?"

"Well, I thought I began some years ago,"said he.

"Oh, no, you didn't. You have just been taking little journeys among the landlocked fjords; but now the big, boundless sea

is before you. And, Knute, you'll have to steer straight and well,

because you have such a precious cargo on board, you know."

"Yes, I know,"said Knute.

"But you say it so carelessly, dear."She laid her head on

his shoulder. The shiny braid fell over into his hands. "I look on

life to be so real, especially now. and I—are going to We—you

succeed. I am going to help you must let me, and succeed—you

to do that we must plan together—there must be no secrets between us. I hope it won't be long before you will have a boat that

you can take to Bergen yourself with fish. They say there is

much more money in that than to sell to the fish merchants up here. Then, perhaps, I can go with you to Bergen and see the

city, and city life.

"You shall, dear."

"Yes; it will be pleasant; but I don't care so much for that as

I do to see you become a man that people will look up to and just as I look up to you and trust you."trust—dear,

Fisherman Knute had that day received a gift from God, priceless to him, if he but knew it; but he, as many another man

did not then realize that the Creator places within women some of his most precious souls, and in this form bestows them on man.

Not then did he know it, but afterwards.

But Knute was happy, and so intently did he gaze on the 12 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

sunny head on his arm that he did not see that his boat was falling behind in the race, until he was half a mile to rearward.

''Oh, never mind,"said she, when she saw his chagrin.

I shall beat them yet by running through "But I do mind—and

the Shallows. It is a mile shorter."

"But, Knute, is there not danger there?"

"Not to one who knows the passage as well as I do. Never

fear, little one, I know every rock and opening. We will go

through the Shallows, and by the Promontory, and beat them yet''as he shifted the helm to the new course, he gave a great—and,

shout to his friends down to leeward.

A long island lay to the right, around which the party would have to sail; but at the southern end there was a narrow passage,

filled with rocks. The water was shallow, and when the least sea

rolled it was thought too dangerous to risk a passage through; but

now Knute pointed his boat straight for the cliffs which hung close over the water. His eyes and arms were steady, and the

boat slacked not when the white foam flew over them as the waves dashed themselves into spray on the sunken rocks.

"Don't be afraid, dear,"said Knute. "Right here is plenty of

water, and through we safely go. See!"

True enough, though the rocks were so close that Ingeborg thought she could have reached out her hand and touched them.

"There! once more we are ahead,"exclaimed the fisherman.

"They are not so smart, even if they caught me napping. Now

we can beat them easily. Away we go for home, then."

"But, dear, why should you run risks just for this?"She

trembled, yet was happy in the skill and bravery of the man she loved.

"You wouldn't have me beaten the first day of our journey, would you? You said something about success, didn't you?"

"Yes, I know, but"—

She looked towards the harbor where the fishing village clustered around the water. Some distance to the right of the town,

a little white painted house stood up close under an overhanging ledge. On the rocky point that extended into the sea just below

the house was planted a pole, from the top of which floated a Norwegian flag. This was Knute's house. This was where he was

taking his wife. This was their future home, where she was to

FISHERMAN KNUTE'S CHRISTMAS GIFT. 13

work and watch, and that he was to come to, occasionally, from his work on sea and fjord.

Knute's boat touched the landing first, though there were some not far behind. Then, as the remainder of the party came up,

there were hurrahs and expostulations and all kinds of commotion.

"Mates and people,"said Knute, as he mounted an upturned boat, "the race was a good one, and fair, but you all have been outdone by the best sailor in the company, my wife, Ingeborg. The

prize belongs to her. Come to the house, all of you."

This was received with cheers of approval, and up the stony path they all trooped. Then they gathered into the large front

room of Fisherman Knute's house, and awaited the serving of the good things which were in store. Knute brought out a bottle of

wine, and holding it aloft, said:

"This bottle of wine is the best that could be bought in Bergen.

I present it to the winner of the race."

Ingeborg took the wine amid the cheers of the company.

"Friends,"she said, as she motioned for silence, I told Knute out on the fjord that some one other than he should win the prize""I did not win it,"shouted Knute; "you, Ingeborg, you are

the winner."

"But, Knute,"and the young wife straightened herself up to her full, fair height, "I have one prize today, and I do not wish to be greedy in such things. We, making that run through the

shallows, were hardly fair. I think that should bar us from the

prize, which ought to go to the next boat that touched the home that was Lars Johnson's. Lars, take this bottle oflanding—and

wine to your wife, who is at home, I know, too ill to join us in this celebration."

At first there had been murmurs of dissent, but when the final announcement was made, it was received with a shout of approval, and soon the festivities were going in that hearty manner which characterizes those simple, goodhearted people of the North.

II.—HOPE.

And now the full gladness of midsummer filled nature and all the people in that Northern land. It was midnight, yet the sun shone.

14 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Away in the north, low down near the distant mountains, it hangs in the sky. The world is full of color. The night is still and

calm and holy. The distant inland peaks glisten with white,

tinged with the red from the sun. The hills are brown and green

and red. Patches of hawthorn bushes are white with flowers.

The delicate leaves of the white birch tremble in the sunlight, and into the depths of the denser foliage, there streams a wonderful mingling of purple and green. The water is still tonight, and

even the ocean sleeps. Away westward, some outer islands lie in

the shining sea as rubies in a silver setting.

Ingeborg sat at her open window looking out upon the scene.

The same long braid of golden hair hung down her back. Her fair

face was yet fairer, paler now, and devoid of even the tinge of red in the cheeks. She played with the red geranium blossom in the

window.

To one who had lived all her life amid the darkness and the sunshine of the north, this summer scene, one might think, would not be especially impressive; but not so with Ingeborg. The

beauties of the northern summer, and especially the glories of the midnight sun, were not lost to her. They were her light and life.

Amid the grinding toil, the chrushed hopes, the neglect and wrongs of those who should protect and love, no other solace, next to that which she received from the Father above, was equal to that which she derived from communing with the glories of nature about her.

And she needed comfort, this young wife. So] far, Knute,

the husband, had not proved what she had hoped and longed for.

He was kind enough to her in a way. In fact he was much kinder

to her than he was to himself, not understanding that her love knit her soul to his so closely, that her greater suffering was when he abused himself. Such is the love of woman.

Knute was away on a summer fishing trip, and he might be back at any time. This was why she was up that night. He

was not much at home. The sea, rather than his house, was his

home, as it must needs be to the fishermen who reap the seas for their harvest; and when he came to her, ofttimes it was not in such a

way as a husband should return to his wife. Oh, the yearnings of

that wife's heart! What mattered it if she did make the floors

FISHERMAN KNUTB'S CHRISTMAS GIFT. 15

of her rooms shine with the whiteness of newlysawed boards?

What if she made the pretty rags for the floor, and the cushion for the chairs, for his chairs especially! Why should she place so

much care on her windows to make the green plants peep from out the white curtains, and make it pretty and home like for him! He

was yet a common fisherman. He was poorer now than when they were

married. He would never get a larger boat, his house could never

get a new coat of paint. He would never get to Bergen with fish

of his there either. And yet, how own—and she would never get

she loved him, and longed to see him a man among men!

Then Ingeborg said softly her prayer, not forgetting him who was away; after which she read her daily chapter from the Bible.

Then she closed the window and lay down on a couch for a little sleep.

In half an hour she awoke. Hardly knowing why, she got up,

smoothed out her hair, and looked out upon the fjord. Everything was as still as usual. The sun had swung around to the

eastern sky, and was slowly mounting upward. Ingeborg threw a

shawl over her head and stepped out. She would take a walk

along the shore and gather some duck eggs. Knute would surely

come home soon, and they would be such a treat to him.

The eider duck was not plentiful that year, as the good fishing in the neighborhood had made nightnoises unavoidable, and as this is what the ducks do not like, they had to go to other shores to make their nests and lay their eggs. Ingeborg found

but few nests, and she thought of the scarcity of eider down for the coming winter.

At midnight the sun's rays are bright enough, but they are not warm; but now, as the morning hours advanced, the rocks

reflected the warmth of sunlight, and the air lost its chill. The

morning was full of life and glow, and hope again struggled for existence as it had many times before, in the breast of the woman.

She plucked some wild flowers, and arranged them in a boquet as she walked along.

Presently, she came to a high point jutting out into the fjord, and as she walked around the rocks, she saw a boat lying at anchor close in by the shore. The boat looked very much like

it was Knute's. He had come home—but whereKnute's—yes,

16 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

was he? Then hope again gave up the timid struggle and fled, for

there in the grass, on the sunny side of a rock, lay Knute, fast asleep. The wife stood still and looked at him, while her throbbing

heart seemed to come up into her throat as if to choke her. She

knew the meaning of it all, full well. The empty bottle lay by him

in the grass.

He was a handsome fellow yet, was fisherman Knute. He lay

full length in the grass, his great sea boots digging into the sand, and his head resting upon his arm. His hat was off, and Ingeoorg

saw the matted, brown hair fall over his face.

The woman did not proceed further, but she crouched down behind a boulder and looked at him. Her hand trembled, and she shook

as if with coM, but she did not stir or speak. What could she do

to help him!

The boat rocked idly on the sea. There was nothing in it but

his fishing tackle and nets. He was to have brought home a sack

of flour, with other necessities for the house, but his fish had, no doubt, been exchanged for someting else. He had come home, emptyhanded, and in no condition to meet his wife. That much he had

realized. He would at least sleep off the effects of his drinking

here he was.before he went home—and

Ingeborg cried "softly behind the shelter of the rock. Knute

still slept on as peacefully as a child.

He must not lie there longer, she thought. He will catch

cold on the damp earth. She would wake him and take him

home. Shehad three large eggs for his breakfast.

Softly she went along, and knelt down by him.

"Knute, get up!"she said, "Knute dear, wake up."

The sleeper rolled over on the grass. Ingeborg pushed back

the hair from his face, and let her hand lie on his head.

"Knute, dear, wake then he opened his eyes and up"—and

saw her. He knew in a moment what he had done, and where

he was.

Come, Knute, come home with me, and if you are tired you may rest at home. Come, dear."

The man sat up. "Ah, what a brute I am!"said he. "Can

you forgive me once more, Ingeborg? I am not worthy such a

FISHERMAN KNUTE'S CHRISTMAS GIFT. 17

woman. You do not chide me, you do not even scold, but awaken

me with a loving touch."

"Yes, love is stronger than all things, Knute. If love will not

help you, nothing else can. My love, Knute, my love will help you

to make a man of yourself yet, will it not? Tell me it will!"

"Through the grace of God, it will,"said he.

He took her down to the boat, and they sailed home together. And hope again dared to peep out from its place of

hiding. (to be concluded in DECEMBER NUMBER.)

YOU CAN ALWAYS TRUST MOTHER.

BY SARAH E. PEARSON.

[For the Improvement Era.]

Out in the world with its untried joy,

Its triumphs, pleasures and pains,

You are eager to enter the fray, my boy,

And share in its glittering gains.

Strong in youth, in faith and in health, my boy,

You smile as you enter its strife;

You taste the elixir without the alloy

Old experience offers to life.

And yet, don't forget, in the whirl and fret

Of the strenuous life of the man,

There's a true heart beating for you, my boy,

Which never will change nor can.

Unselfish type of our Father's love

Which yields the palm to no other;

Whatever the failure or grief or care,

You can safely trust your mother.

18 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Her pride and joy is your honor, my boy,

Her hope is your happiness;

But if sorrow and care early silver your hair.

She'll love you none the less.

Though her cheek may be withered, her footstep slow,

Growing dim those eyes of blue.

Yet they have grown old in your service, you know.

She would give her heart's blood for you.

For love sharpens the wits and steadies the hand,

And strengthens the judgment true;

And lends a sort of second sight

To those faded eyes of blue;

Ah, the Autumn of life, brings the seed time of faith,

Which bloomtime can never bring;

And her prayers are most often for you, my boy,

And her thoughts most around you cling.

So, trust your mother, for never another

Will love you just as she Who bore, and guarded and guided you,

And your baby prayers heard at her knee.

Oh, be tender as well as brave, my boy.

And thoughtful as well as gay;

'Twill smooth her path to the grave, my boy,

And be balm to your heart alway.

And so, don't forget, in the whirl and fret

Of the strenuous life of the man.

There's a true heart beating for you, my boy.

Which never will change, nor can.

Unselfish type of our Father's love

Which yields the palm to no other;

Whatever the failure or grief or care,

You can always trust your mother.

PRESIDENT LYMAN'S TRAVELS AND MINISTRY.

BY JOSEPH J. CANNON, ASSOCIATE EDITOR OF THE

"millennial STAR,"LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND.

II.—PRAYING IN ST. PETERSBURG FOR THE LAND

OF RUSSIA.

The Finns sing of their country as a land of poverty, and the ride from Abo to St. Petersburg does not convince the stranger

that they are wrong. Few of "the thousand lakes"are seen, at

least in the early part of the journey, but the deep drain ditches indicate that the soil is swampy. The forests are not nearly so large

nor the trees so great as in northern Finland, but there are no indications of the famine that has lately afflicted that district. As

twilight came on, the landscape became much more picturesque, lakes alternating with wooded hills. A change of cars and half

an hour's wait were made at Riihimaki, and the platform of the station was very interesting to us. New types of men and women

were to be seen. There happened to be a large number of Russian

officers, and they looked very striking in their long gray cloaks with swords and in some cases pistol holsters exposed to view.

Several wore flowing beards, an uncommon style for military men.

Though late in the night, dozens of women and girls stood along the fence that divided the platform from the street, reaching over their various fruits and other eatables in the hopes of selling them.

When the morning dawned we were in Russia, approaching its capital. After about seventeen hours riding we reached the city.

Our first impression of St. Petersburg was not good. It was raining, and the cobblestone pavements looked exceptionally bad.

20 IMPROVEMENT EHA,

There were scores of cabs, but we were unable to get one to take us to our hotel. The drivers only shook their heads solemnly.

Help came at length in the form of a young Englishman who knew

Russian and the customs of the country. The streets of St. Petersburg are paved with round stones, though the principal ones have

a strip of wooden pavement on each side, and these help matters very much. In spite of the general roughness, the rubber tires of

the vehicles make the travel tolerable. Though the streets themselves are bad, there is at least one thing that adorns them; that

is, the beautiful horses that are used there. In no other city of

Europe can such animals be seen. Black and dappled gray are

favorite colors. On the way to the hotel, we were surprised and

interested by a custom that has since grown very familiar to us.

Our cabman was evidently religious (though he did not scruple at demanding over twice the agreed and regular price at the end of the drive), and whenever he passed a church or shrine in the street, he took off his strangelooking hat with his left hand, and made the sign of the cross with the right by touching his forehead, lower part of chest and shoulders. The falling rain did not deter

him. Naturally this is an awkward thing for drivers to do, and

many times they drop their reins for the moment while they attend to their worship.

A curious coincidence at the hotel was that President Lyman found, shortly after becoming located, that in the adjoining room on one side. Elder John P. Home was living, and on the other. Elder

Kenneth Crismon had taken up his abode. These Elders from Germany had attended the didication services at Christiania, and later

visited Stockholm, thence sailing to St. Petersburg.

Religious conditions among the Russians are naturally the most interesting subject to us, and to learn these was one of the motives President Lyman had for making the journey. There are

many and conflicting currents of religion here; many that are deep

and hidden, which are not learned or understood without intimate association with the people. Only in few places is it possible to see

and at least partly understand the religion of the great majority.

We went into the Kasan cathedral soon after arriving, and there saw a scene of most active worship. Russian churches have no

seats, and there is room for the devotee to kneel or prostrate himPRESIDENT LYMAN'S TRAVELS AND MINISTRY. 21

self if he wishes. People of all classes were there. Beggars in

their rags (their purpose being to obtain charity), the lame, the halt, the blind, laboring people, richly clad men and women, officers of the army, all kissed the same icons, made the cross and bowed their foreheads to the floor. One poor fellow, evidently with a

heavy weight on his conscience, we noticed when we entered, making the cross, kneeling, bowing to the floor and rising again only to repeat the movements. During the whole time we were

there he continued. The only thing to break the monotony of it

was that sometimes he remained down for a few moments and smote his breast with his hand. The churches are open all day, and the

people come in and usually go out after a few moments'worship.

Later in the afternoon, the sun having begun to shine brightly, we visited the St. Isaac's cathedral. This is the greatest church

in the city. The interior is highly decorated, but is dark and gloomy,

the candles burning at the different shrines helping little to illuminate the great crossshaped structure. As a rule, we find the

outside of Russian churches much more pleasant to us than the inside. With St. Isaac's this was certainly the case. We were permitted to ascend to the top of the great dome, and there look over

the city. The church is three hundred and seventeen feet high,

but the view is worth many times the effort of the climb. The

church is almost the center of St. Petersburg, and the top of the

dome is its highest point. Below can be seen the Neva river, as it

flows one united stream almost to the heart of the city, and then divides into five minor ones as it empties in the Gulf of Finland, an arm of the Baltic. The numerous deltas form part of the city.

In all directions are gilded spires, domes and cupolas. The roofs

of the buildings have bright tints of many colors, and their walls are clean. Parks and boulevards add to the beauty of the scene.

St, Petersburg is a new city. Two hundred years ago last month,

Peter the Great, its founder, laid the first stone, within the Fortress, of the PeterPaul cathedral, whose gilded spire rises before us.

This is considered the birthday of the great capital. The streets

are laid symmetrically, and are wide and straight. Canals, on which

float great barges loaded with wood, the fuel of the country, traverse the city and connect with the Neva.

It may not be generally known that there are Saints in St.

22 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Petersburg. One faithful family lives there, and they are probably

the only ones in all Russia. Brother Johan M. Lindelof, who with

his wife originally came from Finland, accepted the Gospel in St.

Petersburg, where he and his helpmeet were converted by the

Spirit of the Lord; years before, he had heard the Gospel at his

home in Finland. The family all speak Russian, and would be considerable help if missionary work were prosecuted there. They

would be glad indeed for elders to come, for now they are shut off from communion with the Saints, except when an elder visits St. Petersburg, and that is seldom. Brother Lindelof believes that profitable work could be done, though he assured us

that the difficulties would also be very great. He is doing what

he can among his fellowworkmen and friends, and with his wife is rearing his children in the fear of the Lord.

The Russians are different in many respects from other peoples. An interesting and somewhat confusing point of difference

is in the reckoning of time. We entered Russia on the fifth of

August, but the Russians called it the twentythird of July. The

cause of this is that while most western nations accept the Gregorian calendar, the Russians follow the Julian, and are now thirteen days behind us in their reckoning. It happened, therefore,

that though President L3nnan offered the prayer of dedication in the chapel house at Christiania, Norway, July 24, 1903, he was also able, according to Russian time, to offer on July 24, 1903, at St. Petersburg, Russia, the prayer of dedication of this great

land for the preaching of the Gospel.

On the afternoon of that date, which was according to our time the 6th of August, accompanied by Elders Crismon and

Home, we went to the beautiful Summer Garden, on the left bank of the Neva, just beyond the Field of Mars, and finding a secluded spot President Ljmian offered prayer. It was a fervent petition

for the Lord to open this great land that his servants may preach the Gospel here. He dedicated it for this purpose, and turned the

key that salvation and truth might be brought in. He prayed that

religious liberty might be given that all might worship unhindered and without persecution. He besought the Lord that the remnant

of Judah in this land might be preserved and relieved of the terrible suffering imposed on them from time to time. He prayed

PRESIDENT LYMAN'S TRAVELS AND MINISTRY. 23

that the Jews may learn and acknowledge that they have all these long years rejected their Redeemer and Lord, that they might be converted to the Gospel and go back to Palestine to dwell, that

Jerusalem might again become a sacred city, and that Palestine might become a fertile land. He prayed that the other peoples of

this country, in whose veins the blood of Israel flows generously, might also accept the truth, that Ephraim and Judah might thus become reconciled. He besought the Lord to touch the hearts of

the Gentiles that they might be grafted into the true olive tree, that their branches might become fruitful. He called upon the

Lord to bless this great empire, in many respects the greatest in the world, and endow its rulers with wisdom and virtue, that there may be peace and progress here, that darkness may flee and the voices of his servants may sound the glad tidings to the uttermost parts of this great land. He prayed for the great work of the

missionaries in eveVy nation, that Elders of Israel abroad may not diminish in numbers, but that every people may hear their message. He petitioned the Lord to bless his servants with his

Spirit that the cause of Zion may grow steadily in the earth, that the center stake may be redeemed, and the great Temple built.

The peaceful garden was a fitting place for prayer, and the stately trees, through whose foliage could be seen the blue heaven, formed for us, as for the first of our race, a place for the worship of the Lord. Millennial Star.

Moscow, Russia.

A TALK ON NATURE'S REMEDIES.

BY J. H. WARD, EDITOR OF "bEOBACHTER,"SALT LAKE CITY,

It is quite probable that there are not a hundred persons in the United States who are familiar with the interesting history of the development of the ideas concerning the remedies that nature has provided for the preservation of health, or the restoration of it.

These ideas are not of mushroom growth, nor in any wise resemble the development of Jonah's gourd. On the other hand,

their origin may be traced back through many centuries. Some

twentyfour centuries ago, there lived in Greece a man whose master mind recognized great truths, and formulated mighty principles the influence of which has grown with the lapse of time, until now their importance is recognized. This man, Pythagoras,

numbered among his disciples such men of genius as Socrates and

Plato. It was he who first conceived the idea of the rotundity of

the earth, and of its revolution around the sun. Pythagoras established a health colony which he called Crotona. There he gathered

about him hundreds of disciples to whom he taught the simple rules of life which he himself had followed. These comprised abstinence from all unwholesome foods, especially meats, for Pythagoras considered the slaughter of animals as sacrilege. In Crotona

there were no slaughter houses or butcher shops. Temperance

in all things, an active outof-door life, simple dress, purity and uprightness in conduct, were strictly enjoined by this prophet of a then newlytaught truth. The decadence of Greece had already

set in, and the doctrines of Pythagoras were little appreciated. The

members of his health colony were massacred by their ignorant and degenerate countrymen: yet, his philosophy survived.

The famous biographer, Plutarch; the noble old Roman, Seneca;

A TALK ON NATURE'S REMEDIES. 25

the Latin poet, Ovid, and many of the early Christian fathers, followed in after years the teachings of Pythagoras. Byron, during

the better part of his career, so also Shelley, Goldsmith, and many other English writers, accepted these teachings. The great Russian writer and reformer, Leo Tolstoi, is also an ardent defender of

these doctrines.

A little less than a hundred years ago, a fourteenyears old peasant boy of Germany, who was barely able to read and had not been taught to write, while engaged in cutting wood on a mountain near his home, observed a wounded deer bathing its injured leg in one of the numerous springs which abound in that region. Day

after day, the deer came and bathed the damaged parts until entirely healed of its injury. The boy (who was afterward known as

the philosopher Preissnitz) soon after suffered a severe accident from which the physicians, who were consulted, declared he could not recover. He tried the deer's remedy, applying water by means

of wet cloths placed over the injured parts, and in a few weeks was quite restored to health. He induced others to try his remedy,

and invented many different ways of applying water by means of baths, douches, packs, compresses, and various other methods.

Before he was twenty, he had become famous. During the first

half of the last century, the little village of Graefenburg, where he lived, was thronged with invalids from all over the world, including many physicians and notable people of high station, government officials, princes, lords and barons, who sought relief by the employment of water skillfully applied under the direction of this prophet of a new method of healing.

Institutions known as "watercures"sprang up in Germany,

France, England and America. For many years they flourished,

but failed in some cases on account of want of knowledge and reckless experiment.

Half a century ago, there gathered, on a little farm not far from New Haven, Connecticut, the most remarkable collection of men and women who have ever been associated in any community in modern times. George Ripley, the most famous Unitarian minister of New England at that period, was the founder of the community. The practical realization of the Pythagorian philosophy

was the central idea of the Brook Farm experiment. Among the

26 IMPROVEMENT ERA

one hundred and forty members, many of whom afterward became eminent, were Emerson, the philosopher; Bronson Abbot, the transcendentalist; Thoreau, the interpreter of nature; Margaret Fuller,

the educational reformer; Charles Dana, the founder of the New

York Sun; and Hawthorne, one of the greatest literary lights of

the past century. The Brook Farm experiment failed for lack of

financial management, but the ideals survived.

Something over thirty years ago, a small group of men organized in Battle Creek, Michigan, a society which recognized the principles taught by Pythagoras and those who have followed his teachings during the last two thousand years; and, in 1876, it became known as the Battle Creek Sanitarium. In addition to the

healing by means of the application of water, there has been introduced many other natural remedies, notably the Swedish movement cure. Gradually, by means of observations and researches, an elaborate and carefully perfected system has been developed, and

Battle Creek became a Mecca for health seekers who thronged the place, summer and winter. During several years, the number of

visitors exceeded six thousand annually.

Then came the great fire of February 18, 1902, which consumed the two principal buildings of this Sanitarium. This loss

seemed to start a wave of sympathy for these health reformers;

and, in the short space of fifteen months, another temple of health has been erected. The new building is five hundred and fifty feet

in length, and seven stories high, and, as far as possible, fire proof.

Seven hundred patients can be comfortably accommodated. The

arrangements for baths are very elaborate, as also applications of electricity, light, heat, and all natural methods, in addition to ordinary medical and surgical means. It is strictly unsectarian and

undenominational. The doctors, managers, and nurses, seem to

be filled with enthusiasm for the doctrine of simple, natural living.

Many similar establishments have started in various parts of the

United States, notably in Portland, Oregon; Seattle, Washington;

Los Angeles, California; Chicago, Illinois; and Boston, Massachusetts

Society is awakening to the benefits of pure air, healthful exercise, pure food, and frequent bathing. The evils of improper clothing

now begin to be understood. In spite of the foibles of dame fashion,

the evils of tight lacing, long, trailing skirts, and thin shoes, are

A TALK ON NATURE'S REMEDIES. 27

begun to be appreciated. Members of the exclusive "four hundred"

of New York may ridicule the highneck dresses, loose waists, short skirts, and solid, warm, shoes of the lady members of these medical reformers, but the latter are perfectly contented to enjoy good health, and let them laugh.

Even the conservative medicos of the older schools of medicine realize that a change is coming, and the rule of the drug store among many sensible people is passing away. The people everywhere may adopt these health ideas in their homes without sanitariums; and the Latterday Saints, in the Word of Wisdom, have all

the knowledge needful to make life a long day of health and happiness.

TIME ENDEARS.

[For the Improvement Era.]

We have been friends, and shall we part?

Nay! friends forever must be true;

Here on the altar of my heart,

Still burns my love the same for you.

We have been friends—together trod

Fair fancy's realm—the poet's dream;

Our hearts have bowed before our God

When sorrow's vale lay dark between.

We'll e'er be friends! and cold Distrust,

Change thou not the love of years;

Love, rise again e'en from the dust,

Discard thy seeming doubts and fears.

The touch of hands and love's caress,

The soft words breathed through falling tears;

The happy smiles, fond kisses'press,

Bind heart to heart; for time endears.

Lydia D. Alder.

RELIGION—TRUE AND FALSE.

BY JOSEPH R. TUDDENHAM, TWENTYFIRST WARD, SALT LAKE CITY.

all that The gospel of Jesus Christ—true religion—represents

is righteous, uplifting and ennobling; represents that which brings

light out of darkness, truth from error. It is true religion that

fills the heart with charity and brotherly love, and draws man near unto his Maker, in whose likeness he is created; teaches him of the

being and attributes of God, his laws and purposes in relation to his being, both in the life that was, the life that is, and the life that is to come. The Apostle Paul describes the gospel as the power of

God unto salvation to all that believe.

For centuries, the world has drifted away from the laws of God, as laid down by our Savior. The cause of this is false religion;

which is the misconceived ideas of men, the inconsistent interpretation placed upon the words of light and life, which leads to narrowness of mind and soul.

The natural instinct of man seems to lead him to extremes. It

is hard for him to be a zealous worker without becoming filled with the vanity and conceit of his own importance.

After the death of the Savior, little by little the dark was substituted for the light, until in religion's name, the foulest crimes, the darkest deeds, the most evil designs, were planned and executed, until all Europe reeked in the blood of God's children.

Well might Shakespeare say, "What damned error, but what some sober brow will bless it, and approve it with a text; hiding the

grossness with fair ornament."Did the truths enunciated by Christ

permit of such worship? From whence did the priests of Rome

take their example? Where, in the teachings of God, did they

RELIGION—TRUE AND FALSE. 29

find licence for the horrors of the Inquisition? Surely the love and

charity taught by Christ and his apostles was no longer to be found.

In true religion, no place is found for persecution.

The horrors of the Inquisition could not long be endured, and by a mighty revolt against Roman priestcraft, the reformation was accomplished. Men began thinking for themselves, until, at the

beginning of the eighteenth century, the Lord had prepared the way for the coming forth of his precious truths. That the

Prophet Joseph Smith did bring forth the fulness of the gospel, and the restored priesthood, is very evident from the opposition it aroused. With the reformation, the terrors of persecution were

for the time abolished, but the dogmatic creeds and teachings to a great extent remained; and, when the truth was again restored,

and brought in sharp contrast with the errors of the world, persecution, the tool of false religion, broke forth in all its fury and tried to destroy the truth.

It is very apparent that the religious world at large is ashamed of the doctrine it espouses. Attend the meetings of

the secterian people of Christendom, and see how much doctrine is taught in their churches; read the sermons and lectures of

the socalled ministers of the gospel, and find how much light they possess. Morality is the sole topic touched upon that will

help man to live better. The great plea is, "Follow Christ."

How follow him, if you hear not of his laws and commandments?

charitable, if ye be not taught charity? The"Be charitable"—how be

greater part of false religion is platitude. The whole fabric is of

such fiimsy character that many thinking minds, disgusted at the insipidness of its doctrine, turn their backs on religion in general, and lend their aid to atheism.

How different the gospel, the truth! By its influence man

may learn of the Creator as he is; by faith and good works, he can

go on to perfection. There is no limit to the greatness to which

he may aspire. By obeying the teachings of the gospel of truth,

his heart is filled with charity, he has love for his fellowman, he loves his neighbors, and his life is one of peace, contentment and blessings. The more good he does, the greater the power that is given

him for the accomplishment of good. He knows there is a purpose in

life; and what is more, he knows what that purpose is. True, there

30 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

is good in all creeds, but the little truth contained in each is so enveloped in a mass of tangled misconceptions and false ideas, that the advocates of these various creeds become like Gratiano, the ancient proser, who spoke an infinite deal of nothing; and whose

reasons were as two grains of wheat hid in two bushels of chaff;

"you shall seek all day ere you find them, and when you have them they are not worth the search."

Truth brings unity, and unity strength and power. Let us all

work for the advancement of truth, that God's purposes might be fulfilled in the earth, and that the truth may become a greater factor in the world than it is at the present time.

ABOUT FRIENDSThose who would make friends must cultivate the qualities which are admired and which attract. If you are mean, stingy,

and selfish, nobody will admire you. You must cultivate generosity

and largeheartedness; you must be magnanimous and tolerant;

you must have positive qualities; for a negative, shrinking, apologizing, roundabout man is despised. You must cultivate courage

and boldness; for a coward has few friends. You must believe in

yourself; if you do not, others will not believe in you. You must

look upward, and be hopeful, cheery, and optimistic. * * * *

If you are selfish, and think of nothing but your own advancement; if you are wondering how you can use everybody to help

you along; if you look upon every man or woman you are introduced to as so much more possible success capital; if you measure

people by the amount of business they can send you, they will look upon you in the same way.

If you have friends, don't be afraid to express your friendship; don't be afraid to tell them that you admire or love them.

If you love anybody, why not say so? If you enjoy anyone's

company, why not say so? It costs you nothing; it may mean

everything to your friend, and to your '. Marden, friendship.—0.

TALKS TO YOUNG MEN.

I.—COUNSELS OF SUCCESSFUL MEN.

If a young man is wise, he will not treat lightly counsels by men of experience. If you wish business counsel, business men

are most competent to give it; and so in other matters, the men

who succeed in any line are not to be disregarded, but rather sought for and listened to by the young man seeking advice.

So the writer asked the counsel of a successful, leading Salt Lake business man, on how to win material success—how to make

money. He was too busy to write on the subject, but handed me

a collect of maxims, which he said he had gathered at odd times, of men of affairs who had made millions. "There are some splendid

truths in them,"said he, "and I wish, if you print them, that you would just add that my counsel to our young men is to read them once, and then again and again, until they have learned to practice what they read."I now hasten to comply, and caution you, dear

reader, that mere knowledge is very useless without ability and good common sense to put it into practice in some useful way, for the good of others and yourselves. Some ability and common

sense are born with all men, but they may be cultivated or neglected according to the determination of the individual. You

determine right, then.

Now as to maxims. I once asked the late Hon. D. H. Peery

what was his advice as to investing in a certain enterprize. "Fine;

can't do better, but be sure you get the control. I never invest

in any business in which I can't have a controling voice."On second

thought, I asked: "But how am I to get a controling voice in a

$50,000 business with $200 to invest? He replied in his peculiar

32 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

way: "That is another question,"and I was left to do the best I

could with the problem. Now the young reader should remember

that, maxims are good only as your circumstances will permit their practice. But you must also keep in mind that to succeed,

circumstances must be overcome. Don't let simple circumstance

stand in the way of your succeeding in a just and rightful cause.

Before coming to the maxims, let us consider this quotation from a recent address on success by A. B. Farquhar, a member of

the National Manufacturers Association. It contains some interesting

reminiscences. He says:

I decided when quite young to enter upon a business career, and recognizing that the battle of life is a hard one, that every step of progress, must be attained by a triumph over difficulties, and that a thorough knowledge of the way was all important, I visited New York, then as now the commercial center, in order to interview the great financiers there, and to learn what I could from them. It did not enter

my head that any of them would refuse to see me, and it was probably owing to the sublime assurance of youth and my earnestness (for I was very much in earnest) that I did succeed in seeing all on my list. The

wealthy New Yorkers of those days, nearly half a century ago, were W.

B. Astor, A. T. Stewart, the great drygoods merchant; Commodore

Vanderbilt, and James Gordon Bennett, founder and editor of the Herald.

I had also a list of able J. Cisco, subtreasurer; Pascault financiers—John

president of the Board of Brokers; Stevens, president of the Bank of

Commerce; George S. Coe, president of the American Exchange Bank,

and others. I saw them all before returning.

My first call was on Mr. Astor. I found him at 7:30 a. m. hard at

work in a shabby uptown office (it would be called far downtown now);

succeeded in running the gauntlet of his old clerk, stood by his chair, until, looking up, he snapped out, "Well boy, what do you want?"I

answered briefly that I wished to know how to make a million dollarsAfter staring at me a moment he was apparently satisfied of my sanity, and said: "What do you want a million dollars for? To make yourself

a miserable slave as I am, not a moment's peace of mind night or day, always watching to keep someone from stealing what I have, or cheating me out of rent? You could not do a more absurd thing than make a

million dollors; but if you are determined on it, my advice would be,

work hard and spend nothing, and you will be rich before you know it."

This is about all I learned from him, that I remember.

My next call was upon the great merchant, Mr. Stewart. He was

TALKS TO YOUNG MEN. 33

difficult of access, but when I succeeded in attracting his attention, he was very courteous, and gave much useful advice, telling me thoroughly to understand what I was engaged in, keep my whole mind on it, and try to do my work better than anyone else; in business to trust no

one until I had investigated his credit; if I found him energetic,

persevering, economical and temperate, with reasonable ability, I might pretty safely trust him, and if I cultivated those qualities, I should find that people would trust me. He especially extolled economy as an essential to success, adding that economy did not mean not spending, but

spending to the best advantage, and wasting nothing.

My next visit was to Mr. Stevens, of the Bank of Commerce; a lovely

old gentleman. He told me he did not know much about making money,

only about taking care of it, but he gave me a letter of introduction to Mr. Coe, a rising young financier. This gentleman received me as a

brother, inviting me to meet his bank board at the close of its session, when he introduced me to the several members. I met there Mr. Cisco

and Mr. Pascault among others, and received many valuable suggestions.

his his hand on myOne old gentleman—I did not learn name—placing

shoulder, said:

"Young man, wealth consists in character. You must necessarily keep

your own company as long as you live. That company is in your control.

Have it the best, keep it pure; be a gentleman always, honorable, honest,

frank, manly; do not waste your time; take your enjoyments intelligently.

You say you love books. That is well; never value a dollar above a book.

The love of reading is the greatest blessing that can come to a man, especially when he grows old."

What he said made a lasting impression.

The next morning at about seven, I called at the office of the Herald, and saw Mr. Bennett. I shall never forget that interview. Looking at

me intently for a moment, he said: "Have you had your breakfast?"

My reply was negative. He answered, "I thought as much; no one

should go out before breakfast; he can't do himself justice on an empty

stomach. Go across to the Astor House and get yourself a good breakfast, and when you come back I will talk to you."I wonderingly followed his advice. When I returned, he said: "Now, you look better. 1

am a very busy man; if you are not, you ought to be, and my advice will

be short: "The most important thing in this world is to take care of your health. You can store up your health as you do a bank account. If you have

good health you can do far more work and do it better than your neighbors without it. I owe my success to my good health more than anything else."

34 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

maxims: RUSSELL SAGE.

Russell Sage, the dean of American financiers, set out in pursuit of his present one hundred million dollars as an errand boy in a country grocery store. His maxims are:—1. Be temperate and

you will be happy. 2. Plain food, an easy mind, and sound sleep

make a man young at eightysix. 3. Opportunities are disgusted

with men who don't recognize them. 4. Despair is the forerunner

of failure. Next to a fat purse is a "stiff upper lip."5. When a

man "loses his head"he mustn't complain about the other fellow taking advantage. Keep cool and freeze out the enemy.

CHARLES B. ROUSS.

The late Charles Broadway Rouss, who was worth six million dollars, and who began his career as a clerk in a small store, suggested the following seven maxims as embracing the 1. The dignity of laboressentials of a successful business career:—

is the greatest of all dignities; the genius of work is the greatest

of all geniuses. 2. Industry, integrity, economy, and promptness,

are cardinal requisites to certain and honorable success. 3. Merit

is the trademark of success; quality the true test of value.

4. Success is not in time, place, or circumstances, but in the man.

5. Credit and partnerships are the scourge of commercial history,

and the bane of commercial experience. 6. Beware of the gifts

of the Greeks; they allure that they may destroy; credit is tempting, but ruin surely follows in its path. 7. Burn the ledger, and

learn to say No; this is best for both buyer and seller.

HENRY CLEWS.

Henry Clews began life as a messenger boy in an English woolen factory. He is now worth eight million dollars, and

—1.attributesIt requireshis riseotherin thingslife to thanhis ambitionbelief in tothesebecomesimplea millionaire;mottoes:

making everything count for something is one of the other things.

2. Sobriety, honesty, and industry are the three graces of a successful business career. 3. Save without parsimony; spend without lavishness. 4. Sound health, a clear head, wise economy, and

work, work, work will declare big dividends for any one who looks

TALKS TO YOUNG MEN. 35

well after the original investment. 5. Shun wild speculations, and

be satisfied with slow but sure returns for money invested.

DARIUS 0. MILLS.

Darius 0. Mills, financier and philanthropist, started on his

road to fortune with nothing but a good physique and a large determination. He is now worth twentyfive million dollars, and

he has acquired that amount of money by observing these rules:

—1. Work develops all the good there is in a man; idleness all the

successful.evil, therefore work if you would be good—and

2. Sleep eight hours, work twelve, and pick your recreations with

an eye to their good results. 3. Save one dollar out of every five

you earn. It is not alone the mere saving of money that counts;

it is the intellectual and moral discipline the saving habit enforces.

4. Be humble, not servile, or undignified, but respectful in the presence of superior knowledge, position or experience. 5. Most

business projects fail owing to poor business management and that means a poor man at the helm. 6. Success is measured by the

good one does, not by the number of his millions or by the extent of his power.

COLLIS p. HUNTINGTON.

Collis p. Huntington laid the foundation of his fortune of fifty

million dollars, by peddling hardware in California during the 1. Don'tfeverish days of 1849. His business maxims were:—

talk too much during business hours. 2. Listen attentively; answer cautiously; decide quickly. 3. Do what you think is right

and stand by your own judgment. 4. Teach others, by your conduct, to trust you implicitly. 5. Never let your competitor know

what your next move will be; time enough to talk after you have

acted. 6. Have a definite aim and keep your eye on the objective

point. 7. Be bold with caution, prudent with boldness.

GEORGE G. WILLIAMS.

George G. Williams, president of the Commercial National

Bank, of New York, who is worth five million dollars, has worked his way from a clerkship to the head of one of the soundest financial institutions in the country by conduct founded upon the 36 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

is no royal road principles in his five favorite dictums:—1. There

to success. Work is the keynote. 2. Learn to do one thing well,

and do it thoroughly. 3. Ambition and common sense will win success for any one along legitimate lines. 4. The really successful

man is made, not born. 5. Determination is the lever of the great

machine of life.

D. K. PEARSONS.

Mr. D. K. Pearsons, millionaire, philanthropist, and patron of

colleges, says that the rules of life can be summed up as follows:

—1. Practice steady economy. Do not spend until you have it to

spend. Be strictly honest, and never take advantage of men.

Avoid show and extravagance. Use your money to educate the

poor. 2. Be your own executive. Trust no man to administer

your own estate. You cannot carry out of this world any amount

with your dead hands. There is no use for money beyond the grave.

JOHN J. MITCHELL.

President John J. Mitchell, of the Illinois Trust and Savings

Bank, and a financier of the first rank, simplifies his code of business ethics as is no question that the golden follows:—1. There

rule is the best one to apply to business transactions. 2. I put

myself in the place of the man with whom I am dealing and govern my actions accordingly. 3. Success has attended my efforts beause of dealing with others as I would be dealt with. 4. My rule

in investments has always been: Look to the principal rather than

the interest.

C. L. HUTCHINSON.

Says Mr. C. L. Hutchinson, another busimillionaire:—1. The

ness man should not forget that there is much in life outside of mere business. It is a mistake for one to devote himself to it so

exclusively that in time he loses all power to find enjoyment or interest outside of it. 2. Business is a means to an end, and the

best of life is to be found outside its daily routine.

JOHN D. ROCKEFELLER.

John D. Rockefeller, the "Oil King,"whose wealth touches

the four hundred million dollar mark, and whose income on

TALKS TO YOUNG MEN. 37

oil investments alone is three million dollars per month, at present, won his first start in a business way by workmg on a New York farm twelve hours out of the twentyfour, for twentyfive cents a day. He has earned his position as

a multimillionaire by adhering to the principles of the following 1, It should be every man's duty to get all the maxims:—

money he can, keep all he can, and give away all he can. 2. Buy

only what can be paid for, and look upon debt as an ogre that first paralyzes and then kills. 3. Live within your means, and don't

think too much of your neighbor's good fortune. 4. Keep a record

of all expenditures and receipts so that at the end of the year you can tell whether you are saving enough money to provide against the inevitable rainy day. Any one can make money; few can

save it. 5. "Live as though every act of yours was under the

scrutiny of your bitterest enemy."

MAYER ANSHELM ROTHSCHILD.

MayerAnshelm Rothschild, founder of the famous banking house, adopted the following maxims which also form a part of his will:

1. Seriously ponder over and thoroughly examine any project to

which you intend to give your attention. 2 Reflect a long time,

then decide promptly. 3. Go ahead. 4. Endure annoyances

patiently and fight bravely against obstacles. 5. Consider honor

as a sacred duty. 6. Never lie about a business affair. 7. Pay

your debts promptly. 8. Learn how to sacrifice money when

necessary. 9. Do not trust too much to luck. 10. Do not

pretend to be more important than you really are. 11. Never become discouraged; work zealously and you will surely succeed.

"BLESSED ARE THE MERCIFUL.'

BY ELDER BEN E. RICH, PRESIDENT OF THE SOUTHERN STATES

MISSION.

"How great, how glorious and complete,

Redemption's grand design, Where justice, love and mercy meet

In harmony divine!"

Our religion teaches us that by walking in the footsteps of the great Master, we will gain eternal life. We must, therefore,

cultivate his character and attributes, and delight in the principles of virtue, excellence, truth, meekness, longsuffering, charity, selfdenial and mercy. God is a God of mercy. He is full of compassion, and many a time he has turned away his anger, forgiven iniquity, and destroyed not the transgressor. Though he cause

grief, yet does he have compassion according to the multitude of his mercies. Comprehending how weak we are, how organized,

and how the spirit and the flesh are continually at war, he not only reveals himself in the lessons of nature, but takes us by the hand, and with the love of a parent, leads us onward and upward

"Along the line of limitless desires."

Nothing can supercede God as the ground and stimulus of the highest devotion. It is our duty to try and become like unto him.

Jesus looked in mercy upon his persecutors, while with derision they dressed him in purple, placed upon his head the crown of thorns, and mockingly bowed before him. He was indeed their

King, notwithstanding their mockery; and with that spirit belonging to the Gods, which we are considering, this great and mighty

"BLESSED ARE THE MERCIFUL."39

King of kings, while bleeding upon the cross, lifted his eyes heavenward with the mercy of his gospel saying, "Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do."To be clothed with love

and mercy is to be Godlike. To be a petty tyrant is to make our

faith and calling sounding brass and a tinkling cymbal. To hear

both sides of a question before passing judgment, and even then, to be willing to go more than half way with outstretched hands towards a brother; and at all times remembering the words of him

who said, "Judge not, lest ye be judged,"and "I will forgive whom

I will forgive, but unto you it is commanded that you forgive all mankind;"with these thoughts uppermost in one's mind, to say

from the heart, when facing a real or imaginery enemy, "The Lord judge between thee and me,"is to be like unto the Captain of our salvation, who died upon the cross.

Many professing Christians, and even a few among our own people, as soon as they are endowed with a little brief authority, exercise unjust dominion over their brethren. Where much is

given, much will be required. Remember it, oh! ye Saints, who

have been given the light of the gospel; and have had bestowed

upon you the Aaronic or the Melchizedek Priesthood; perchance

you have been called to preside over a quorum, or as a bishop; you

have been called to act as a father over a ward, or a president over a stake. Do you cultivate mercy? Do you read the words

of Paul to the Corinthians, "Though I speak with the tongues of men and angels, and have not charity, I am become as sounding brass and a tinkling cymbal."

When we compare Godly acts with some of the petty, tyrannical methods of persons, who, thanks be to God, only occasionally drift into the Church to receive a little "brief authority,"then do we realize that the gospel net does indeed gather of all kinds, the choicest among the best, and at times the basest among the worst.

There are two mighty powers at work upon the earth. The

power of light and the power of darkness. Christ, the Captain of

our salvation, stands as a representative of light, of faith, of hope, of charity, of mercy, of righteousness. Lucifer, the ambitious

one, who rebelled in the heavens, stands as the captain of destruction, representing envy, hatred, tyranny, false ambition and malice.

The choice should be easily made; but how careful we should be to

40 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

keep the windows of heaven open, and the doors of hell closed.

Faith, hope, charity, mercy, and forgiveness, are the keys that are continually opening the windows of heaven, and they act as bars and bolts in keeping the doors of hell closed.

Were we looking for acts of mercy, would we go to the life of

Cambyses, that great Persian king? He it was who called three

brothers to his army. The father of those boys, inasmuch as they

were his only support, appealed to the king to leave one of them at home with him to help him get a living. The monarch, though

unused to having his decision set aside, granted the aged man's request. He immediately called his servants, and had them put the

three brothers to death, and carry them into the presence of the stricken father. Surely that is not the mercy shown by God! Is

he not grieved when we adopt harsh measures instead of the more merciful ones? If travelers were to stop in a house, and in the

presence of him who built and furnished it, were to destroy the food and injure the furniture he had provided for all, he would be grieved and justly incensed. It would be an ungrateful disregard of

his wishes, and an abuse of his goodness. So it is when men pervert the works and ways of God. He has commanded, "Be ye

therefore merciful, as your Father also is merciful.""For he

shall have judgment without mercy, that hath shown no mercy.''

How was it when the Scribes and Pharisees brought unto

Jesus a woman who had sinned? After continued asking and

tempting him as to what should be done with her, he slowly lifted himself up from the sand and said: "He that is without sin

among you, let him cast the first stone."One by one the accusers

slipped away, and again, when Jesus lifted his head, he found himself alone with the woman. As no man had condemned her, Jesus

said, "Neither do I condemn thee; go and sin no more."

It seems so hard to bring into our everyday life the little things that are approved by our Father. In dealing with our fellow-men, the mercy and justice that characterized his life, is often

not shown. Many of our own people demand full payment, even as

Shylock with the pound of flesh. As the globe we inhabit is composed of small particles, so also is the walk of man made up of

acts performed from day to day; the aggregate of these acts

which are performed through life, makes up the conduct that will "BLESSED ARE THE MERCIFUL:* 41

be exhibited in the day of judgment; and when the books are

opened, there will be an account rendered; those who have exacted

nothingthe pound of flesh—who have shown no mercy—will have

standing to their credit, and "he shall have judgment without mercy."Those who pleaded to Shylock shall be exalted high above

the heavens, for "As the heaven is high above the earth, so great is God's mercy."

I bid you remember that as we all pray for mercy, that same prayer shall teach us to show mercy.

Let not mercy and truth forsake thee;

Bind them about thy neck.

Write them upon the tablet of thine heart;

So shalt thou find favor and good understanding

In the sight of God and man.

THE MAN WHO FEELS.

The man who feels is happier far,

I say it again and again, Than ever can be, or ever are,

The pitiless sons of men;

For if he sighs for his own gray woes,

He sighs for another's too;

If the plant of pain in his bosom grows,

It is covered by sympathy's dew.

And after it all, when all is said.

Still pity and love forever are wed;

That the heart unfeeling is chill and dead

Is true, and forever is true. Success.

SOME LEADING EVENTS IN THE CURRENT

STORY OF THE WORLD.

BY DR. J. M. TANNER, SUPERINTENDENT OF CHURCH SCHOOLS.

The Open Shop.

Shall the government of the United States keep an open shop?

That is the question. Shall it permit men to enter its employment

without respect to their membership in the unions? If the unions

become sufficiently strong, they may make that question an issue, and keep all men from enjoying the exalted office of President of the United States who will not pledge themselves to shut the door of employment in the face of every man who is not a recognized member of the union.

A Mr. W. A. Miller was a foreman in the printing office of

the United States. The union said that the binding of ten volumes

a day should be the maximum work required in the government bindery. Mr. Mnler thought that twelve or even thirteen volumes

would not be an unreasonable requirement, and more in keeping with what men do in private institutions. For this breach of duty

to the union, further membership in that body was denied him;

and the union succeeded in having him removed from his office.

Upon his appeal to the President of the United States, President

Roosevelt reinstated Mr, Miller, and declared that a membership in the union could not be made a test by the government of the United

States in the choice of its employees.

Unionism is now defining its position, in a circular sent out by the Washington Central Labor Bureau with the endorsement of the American Federation of Labor. The different bodies

CURRENT STORY OF THE WORLD. 43

constituting the Federation of Labor claim a membership of two and a half million working men. This circular expresses the displeasure of the unions over the President's attitude toward

unionism. The gist of the circular is found in the following

resolution:

Whereas, the President of the United States has seen tit to reinstate

W. A. Miller, who is an expelled member of trades organization, notwithstanding the overwhelming evidence of his moral turpitude, and has also

committed himself to the policy of the open shop, as shown by his letters. "Resolved, That the order of the President cannot be regarded in any but an unfriendly light."

The question of Mr. Miller's morals was apparently an afterthought, or side issue. Miller's reinstatement was strictly on the

ground that the government could not discriminate in favor of unionism; and the President has given offense by "committing

himself to the policy of the open shop."If the unions make war

on the President, they may certainly endanger his prospects for reelection. Two and a half million voters would constitute a

formidable electoral army confronting a candidate for presidential honors.

Only a short time ago, President Roosevelt was the hero of unionism when he interceded in the coal strike to bring about a settlement between the operators and the strikers. This rapid

shifting on the part of unionism illustrates the fickle conditions of a large part of public sentiment in this country.

It is an age of social and industrial cyclones. No one can tell

what the morrow may bring forth. Such great political, social,

and industrial uncertainties must, sooner or later, give rise to instability in the institutions of our country, if present untoward conditions in this country move as rapidly in the future as they have moved in the past. The dangers of such instability may have no direful effects in the immediate future, but such conditions illustrate

the grave possibilities which may suddenly and at any time be realized in such social, political, and industrial revolutions as the world has never witnessed.

On September 30, the President granted an interview with 44 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the executive council ofthe Federation of Labor, and, concerning the Miller case, made the following statement, after thanking the committee for their courtesy, and assuring them that he would always be glad to see them or other representatives of labor. But

he told them his decision was final, and the government will not discriminate against nonunion labor:

As regards the Miller case, I have little to add to what I have already said. In dealing with it I ask you to remember that I am dealing purely

with the relation of the Government to its employees. I must govern

my action by the laws of the land which I am sworn to administer, and which differentiate any case in which the Government of the United

States is a party from all other cases whatsoever. These laws are enacted for the benefit of the whole people, and cannot and must not be

construed as permitting discrimination against some of the people.

I am President of all the people of the United States without regard to creed, color, birthplace, occupation or social conditions. My

aim is to do equal and exact justice as among them all. In the employment and dismissal of men in the Government service, I can no more

recognize the fact that a man does or does not belong to a union, as being for or against him, than I can recognize the fact that he is a

Protestant or a Catholic, a Jew or a Gentile, as being for or against him.

It is a remarkable circumstance in the history of the free institutions of America that a committee, representing two and a half millions of working men, should call upon the President and seriously advocate to him the justice of closing the doors of remunerative employment in the faces of all men who are not members of some union. It is doubtful that a single ruler in the world

ever urged measures so drastic against human rights. It clearly

indicates that there may be gross tyranny in large masses as well as in individual sovereigns. The extreme, yet logical result of

such a demand might be the utter starvation of all men who would not yield to the coercion of unionism, and with them the starvation of their wives and children.

Political Affairs in England.

England is now undergoing a political and economical revolution that has not been equaled since the days of her adoption of

CURRENT STORY OF THE WORLD. 45

free trade. For a long time she has felt herself crowded here and

there from the markets of the world. Other countries are showing wonderful increases in their exports while England shows

none. Today, her exports are twenty per cent, less than they

were thirty years ago, while the United States has increased more than two hundred per cent, in that time, and Germany more than one hundred per cent. Russia charges an average tariff against

Great Britain of one hundred and thirty per cent.; the United

States, seventytwo per cent.; Austria, thirtytwo per cent.; France,

thirty per cent.; Italy, twentyseven per cent.; Germany, twentyfive per cent.; Canada, ten per cent.; Belgium, thirteen per cent.,

and Australia, seven per cent.

The most discouraging feature of it all is, to find herself hard pressed in her own colonies, such as Canada and Australia, by such competing nations as the United States and Germany. For years

there have been mutterings against the tariff system of Great

Britain; but in that empire free trade has been a sort of political

idealism, against which no man's voice could be heard. For years

England, however, has felt herself loosing ground. Lately, Joseph

Chamberlain, one of England's strongest personal factors in political life, announced his conversion to a modified form of tariff.

He did not come out and repudiate free trade, but attached a tariff string to it; he would enter into treaty relations with the

provinces of Great Britain, whereby absolute free trade could exist between England and such colonies as Canada and Australia;

and then he would erect a tariff barrier against other countries.

In the first place, this would mean that England would put a tariff on our wheat, and let in Canadian wheat free; but the free traders

felt alarmed at such a proposition, for they believed that as Canada could not furnish all the wheat England needed, Canadian wheat would cost as much as our wheat after a tariff had been added to

it.

Mr. Balfour, the Prime Minister, became a convert to Mr. Chamberlain's policy of partial protection, though Mr. Balfour was much

more conservative than Mr. Chamberlain. It was finally decided

that Mr. Chamberlain should resign; but, it apoears now, that his

decision to resign was accompanied by a plan that kept him in the Balfour cabinet, until those members of the cabinet who were 46 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

uncompromisingly free traders, and opposed to Mr. Chamberlain's

policy, should first withdraw, as they could not consistently serve in the cabinet along with Mr, Chamberlain.

It now looks as though the voters of England would undergo a realignment along political lines. There are undoubtedly many

conservatives and many liberals who will go with Mr. Chamberlain.

If the number becomes sufficiently powerful to constitute a political party, political divisions in Great Britian will be entirely changed within the next few years. If England becomes a protection

country, free trade will have lost its last exponent. Manufacturing

committees in the past have said that England's loss in the markets of the world was due to old and relegated methods; that

machinery was not upto-date, and should be thrown into the scrap pile. Committees of scientists have made investigations, and declared that what England needed was better laboratories, schools

of technology, and that technical education would solve the problem. Mr. Chamberlain now comes along and says that tariff is the

remedy. The present political contest in Great Brstain is one of

the most interesting and significant that ever came to that country.

Cured in Graves.

Up in the mountainous country of Morris County, New Jersey, there is a sort of sanitarium called Bethesda, where people go during the summer season to be cured by mother earth. This sanitarium is under the charge of a Newark physician named Charles

W. Lauterwasser who is an ardent disciple of the German physician,

Adolph Just, whose sanitarium, in the Hartz mountains, attracts thousands of people who tell of the wonderful cures effected by his treatment of outdoor life in that region. The New Jersey sanitarium

is certainly a novelty, and illustrates the fact that the methods of treating diseases increase with the number and variety of afflictions that come to the human family.

Mr. Lauterwasser receives patients suffering from rheumatism,

consumption, kidney trouble, and a great variety of diseases, and subjects them to a drastic treatment of what he calls nature's cure—a cure brought about by a living resembling that of the animal

world. As soon as a patient reaches the camp, he is required to

CURRENT STORY OF THE WORLD. 47

abandon his clothing, live on a simple diet, consisting of uncooked fruits, nuts, graham bread, and sweet butter and milk.

But the strangest feature of the treatment consists of the bed which the patient prepares and sleeps in. He first digs a sort of a

grave in the earth, a foot or two deep; the loose virgin soil, at the

bottom of the grave, is carefully raked so as to remove twigs, sticks, or rocks that might prove excessively uncomfortable to the body.

The ground is so curved as to fit the shape of the body. When

evening comes, the patient gets down into his little grave, and is covered with a blanket. At first it is said he is troubled by the

crawling, creeping sensation of bugs and worms which he imagines are creeping about his body. This, it is explained, is the electricity of mother earth, the powerful factor in eliminating the disease.

For the first night or two, it is said that the patient is unable to sleep, but he soon overcomes the strange feelings that such a treatment creates; and, though he may not have more than five or

six hours sleep after he becomes accustomed to his new bed, he nevertheless arises in the morning thoroughly rested. In a few

days, nausea and depressed feelings set in, and the patient becomes ill. This is said to be the crisis and that the body is now purging

itself of its weakness. Some persons develop boils, and others, perhaps, are sick at the stomach for days. Soon these trying conditions pass away, and while the patient may feel weak, he is improved in health. After a while, the patient discovers that the

sensation of sleeping in mother earth is agreeable, though his sleep is said to resemble that of animals; it is never very sound; he

awakens at the slightest rustle of the leaves or other movements about him.

In the morning the patient arises, goes to the river near by, and takes a sitz bath, after which he is rubbed dry by an attendant. During the day the patients are put in mud packs for two or

three hours. If they are suffering from consumption, mud is packed

over the lungs; if from some nervous disease, it is packed along

the spinal column; if he suffers from kidney troubles, the back is

encased in clay. After the patient is thus packed, he is put back

again into a new grave where he lies for two or three hours. This

is substantially the complete treatment.

During the rest of the time, patients roam about the camp or 48 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

forest at their pleasure, of course, always without clothes. It is

said that sleeping thus in mother earth has become quite pleasant to those who have recovered through this treatment from the diseases that afflicted them, and that they return often during the summer season to spend their vacation in the mountains, where they can sleep so restfully and pleasantly in the soil. During the

winter season, the patients return to their homes where, it is claimed, they experience the beneficial effects of their summer's treatment.

The Situation in the Balkan.

It was pointed out by the writer in the October number of the Era that the solution of the Turkish question was by no means so easy as many people supposed. There can be no question that

reforms in the government are sadly needed, and that the Turkish rule is not desirable, and especially where it touches modern civilization. It is ancient, corrupt, and oppressive. But misrepresentation of the Turk in the long run only retards the work of reform.

The Great Powers have concluded to delegate to Austria and Russia the right and freedom of reforming Turkish rule in Macedonia.

England has been more yielding in the matter than ever before.

Russia and Austria have made their demands, and outlined a program by which it was intended to bring about necessary reforms.

From the standpoint of democratic institutions, and the highest ideals of human rights, it must be confessed that the selection of these two powers in some respects was most unfortunate. They

are both despotic governments, and are both vastly more intolerable than the Turk. The Turk will take bribes, and lay a heavy

tax burden on the people, but he is neither so intolerant nor oppressive as the Russians or Austrians. One of the great troubles with

the Turk is that he is both poor and weak. There is more religious

liberty and toleration in Turkey than in either Austria or Russia.

The work delegated to these two powers was due largely to their close proximity to Turkey. Force might be necessary, and

they were in the best position to exercise it. Again, if it became

necessary for the Great Powers to set up any claims, in case a partition of the territory of Macedonia became necessary, the rights of Russia and Austria would be, of course, foremost. None of the

other Great Powers cares to undertake a controling influence over

CURRENT STORY OF TEE WORLD. 49

any of the Slavonic peoples in southeastern Europe, nor would any of the other Powers care to undertake their government. In the

case, therefore, of war, it would mean Turkey on one side, with

Austria and Russia on the other. These Powers have already informed both Turkey and Bulgaria that in case they went to war

neither could hope for any enlargement of its territory. The dual

powers called to treat with Turkey have been persistent in their warnings to the Sultan; and it is not impossible that such complications may arise as will lead to war between Turkey on the one

side and Russia and Austria on the other.

Bulgaria is sending out delegates to the great nations of the earth begging them to intercede in behalf of Macedonia. The

United States has no visible ground for interference, and all the other great nations have fully determined to give Austria and

Russia a free hand. Such appeals are, therefore, not likely to be

of any avail. Many people wonder why some of the Great Powers

do not step in and put a summary end to Turkish misrule. They

talk as though it would be an easy matter; that it would mean

simply a sending of a small army corps into Macedonia, and the whole thing would end in short order in the expulsion of the Turks from Europe. The world has just had an astounding lesson in the

unexpected powers of defense, in a country attacked by a foreign nation, in the case of the Boer war. The Turks are in all probability every whit as good fighters as the Boers, and they would

have the same dogged persistency. The work of expelling the

Turks from Europe might easily cost half a million lives to the country or countries undertaking it, as well as an enormous treasury.

The world had a lesson of the fighting powers of Turkey in the war between that country and Russia, in 1877. Turkey can

put in the field, today, an army probably double the size it was then, and vastly better trained and equipped. The highest military

strategists in the world have been training and educating the Turkish army for the past twentyfive years. The great German military officer and author of military works. Von Golz, has been the

Turkish adviser for many years; and it may be safely predicted now

that if the Turks do go to war they will certainly surprise the world, as the Boers did, although it may be as safely predicted that 50 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

in the end they will be defeated. Whoever sticks his hand in the

fire is going to be horribly burned, even if the desirable chestnuts be pulled out.

Again, the Great Powers understand perfectly well how exasperating the Bulgarians have been toward the Turks, and that they are blameworthy, and are unnecessarily responsible for the horrors that now characterize the revolution in Macedonia. Recently the

church ministers of England appealed to Prime Minister Balfour, expressing the anxiety of church men over the sufferings of the

Macedonians. In my last article on the question, in the October

Era, I said that if the Great Powers believed half the stories that were sent out they would certainly have interfered, and that they understood very well that the Bulgarians were very greatly to blame themselves. Mr. Balfour's words to the ministers confirms

this view of the case, in the following very truthful reply which he makes, and which shows why no more can be done than is now taking place:

We have to pass judgment on men, not angels, and if outrage is met with outrage, and brutality with brutality, we may regret, but cannot wonder, and hardly blame.

But, as I read the history of the last unhappy year, the revolutionary committees have done more than this, and worse. They have deliberately

set themselves to the work of violence, not for the purpose of repelling their opponents, but for the purpose of provoking them.

They thought, and with but too much reason, that if Turkey were compelled in selfdefense to send in large. bodies of troops, excesses would

assuredly be committed which would justly excite general horror. They

have not shrunk from crimes against the innocent in order to play upon the sympathies of the world.

I can no more believe that methods like these are morally tolerable than I can speak without indignation of the misgovernment which is quoted as their excuse. Between the two, the very organization of social

life is lapsing into dissolution.

Omitting the smaller elements, it may be said that more than a third of the population is Mohammedan, and that of the remainder the two most considerable constituents are Bulgarians, who in religion are

Exarchists, constituting, I believe, the largest group of all, and Greeks, who in religion are Patriarchists.

A.11 suffer under Turkish misrule. All would gain immensely by the

CURRENT STORY OF THE WORLD. 51

reforms, but while the Mohammedans would be terrorstricken at being placed under Christian dominion, the Exarchist Christians would persecute the Patriarchist Christians, often, I fear, with much cruelty, and the

Greeks, both in and out of Greece, would rather find protection for their race and religion under the rule of the Sultan than be left to fight the matter out with the Bulgarians under a scheme of unfettered autonomy,

I cannot think that any man of sober judgment will doubt that the best hope of dealing with this unique problem lies in the continued cooperation of Austria and Russia, strengthened by the support and aided by the advice of other signatories of the Treaty of Berlin. They possess,

if only in virtue of their geographical position, an incomparable influence over the antagonistic forces by which the Balkan peninsula is rent.

No other nation or group of nations can do the work as well. No

other could do it at all if Austria and Russia were supercilious or hostile.

It follows that our best hope at present of ameliorating the condition of

Macedonia, as well as of avoiding an international complication, is the support of the two Powers.

Another American Peril.

Europe, and especially Germany, has been very much disturbed since the beginning of the present century, by the invasion of American commerce into European markets hitherto undisturbed, by American industry and American enterprise. Germany

has been ceaselessly sounding an alarm to the rest of Europe, and demanding a European combination that would defeat the pernicious and aggressive Yankee.

The Americans, it would seem from the statements of the

Staatshurger Zeitung, are now disturbing the peace of Europe on a question more vital than commerce. This is what our esteemed

Berlin contemporary has to say:

The most prominent European statesmen, diplomats and politicians marry American girls, who thereby obtain unbounded influence over their public acts. This tends to democratize Europe and produce other

dangerous consequences. This is a serious phase of the American peril.

American wives are really political agents of the western republic away from America.

The difficulty in averting such a calamity is found in the natural tendency of man to court dangers. An embargo might

be put on American women, and save Europe a world of trouble.

REST AND PROGRESSION.

BY L. L. GREENE RICHARDS.

[For the Improvement Era]

The struggle is ended, the labor is done;

The battle is over, the victory won.

As fierce was the conflict, so sweet is the peace

Which comes to the wrestler, as life's troubles cease.

rest. Sleep on—sleep on—take now thy

Wellearned, among the faithful blest.

All this for the mortal, lain quietly down;

The spirit, in heaven, receives a bright crown;

A halo of glory, through righteousness shed

Around the immortal, here mourned for as dead.

still progress; Work on—work on—and

, No hindrance now—no weariness.

What knowledge, what mem'ries, forgotten at birth, (First union of spirit and body on earth,)

Awake as the spirit to heaven ascends.

Meets father and mother, dear kindred and friends.

Truth, love, all pure intelligence,

The glory of Omnipotence.

In humiliation, the Savior laid by die; His judgment;—his mission to suffer and

The will of the Father to learn and obey;

And man can but follow as he leads the way

On to rife, perfection—glory

"The Resurrection and the Life."

Salt Lake City, October, 1903.

EDITOR'S TABLE.

TRUST IN GOD.

The need of one's having a keen knowledge of the truth is paramount. So also is it that every Latterday Saint should have

a deeprooted conviction of the justice of God, and an implicit confidence and faith in his being and mercy. To rightfully understand the gospel and to be able to keep his commandments such

knowledge is absolutely necessary. Let each person ask himself if

in his soul there is a sharp and immovable conviction of these facts. Could anything that might occur to you, or that might

take place in the Church, or with her officers or authorities, change your faith in the purposes, and in the absolute justice and mercy, of the Lord, or in the saving power of his gospel, the message of his salvation? If so, your faith is not deeprooted, and there is

strong need of your becoming convinced.

The scriptures abound in examples of men who were unflinchingly grounded in an abiding faith in God. There is need of every

young man leaning upon such a pillar of strength.

In the loss of all his earthly goods, and even in the severer bereavement which befell him in the loss of his children. Job yet implicitly trusted in the Almighty, and was able in the midst of his

sorrows to say: "The Lord gave, and the Lord hath taken away;

blessed be the name of the Lord."When, later, under the most

trying personal afflictions, his wife requested him to curse God and die, his reproving answer was: "What? shall we receive good at

the hand of God, and shall we not receive evil?"And to his friends

who chided him with sin, he exclaimed, with the utmost confidence in the Lord—a confidence that stands apart as a consoling lesson

to all the ages:—"Though he slay me, yet will I trust in him."

In Abraham we have another example of devotion to the word 54 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of God, and faith in ultimately sharing his goodness. The gracious

promises to him were fulfilled, even as they were in the end to Job, who, notwithstanding his sore afflictions, was finally blessed with great abundance in all things, and came into possession of twice his former blessings in material prosperity; and possessed many

sons and daughters. The Lord blest his last days more than his

beginning, and he lived to see his fair daughters obtain an inheritance among their brethren, and saw his sons'sons, even four generations. Arid at length he passed to his rich reward full of days.

And so in Abraham's willingness to trust in God in the greatest sacrifice of his obtrial that could come to a father—the son—we

serve deeprooted faith and abiding confidence in the Almighty being able and willing to fulfill his promises, no matter how improbable it might appear under the most trying circumstances.

Having an assurance that his course, in offering his son Isaac, was agreeable to the will of the Lord, Abraham was enabled, in the face of the improbability of all the promises being fulfilled, that he was to be the father of many nations, and that in Isaac should that covenant be established, to place that son upon the altar of sacrifice, and to stretch forth his hand and knife to slay him. But when the

Lord saw that Abraham feared him, he permitted his angel to supply a ram for sacrifice instead, and blessed the Father of nations for his confidence and faith. And so will he do with all who trust

'him, for the promise is unto all.

Such knowledge, faith, and confidence, supply an important part in revealed religion, enabling him who possesses them to exclaim with Paul: "For we know that if our earthly house of this

tabernacle were dissolved, we have a building of God, an house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens."Abraham learned the

great truth, which we also must impress upon our hearts, that God is just, and will fulfill his promises to the uttermost. And so he

was blessed, as we shall be also, in trying circumstances, because he trusted the Lord and obeyed his voice. It was further told to him,

Thus saith the Lord: "That in blessing I will bless thee, and in

multiplying I will multiply thy seed as the stars of the heaven, and as the sand which is upon the seashore; and thy seed shall possess

the gate of his enemies; and in thy seed shall all the nations of the

arth be blessed."

EDITOR'S TABLE. 55

The situation is the same today: unless the Saints have an

actual knowledge that the course which they are pursuing is in harmony with the will of God, they will grow weary in trial, and will faint under persecution and contumely. But, on the

contrary, with this trust in God burned into their souls, no matter what comes, they are happy in doing his will, knowing full well that at last the promise shall be theirs. Thus is the world overcome, and the crown of glory obtained which God has laid away

for those who love, honor and obey him.

These lessons, or the many others of a similar class that might be quoted, are necessary to be impressed upon the young Latterday Saints. Every day, there are influences that tend to draw them

away from the faith. These being constantly presented before

them, it follows as a matter of course that there arises an inclination to deny or become skeptic of the oldfashioned faith of their fathers. But the end of a life that puts no trust in the Lord will

be unhappy, while the being who puts his trust and implicit confidence in God, doing his will, shall receive all happiness and glory.

Lack of faith gives a little freedom and ease to begin with, but a day soon comes when their is nothing to lean upon in sore afiliction, when there is no One to cry to in faith, to comfort and to heal! How

then shall they be cast about and cradled in affliction!

No person can realize the fullness of the blessings of God, unless he can approach, in some degree, at least, the standard of faith in God's justice, exemplified in the examples quoted. He

must have founded in his own soul belief and confidence in the justice and mercy of God. It must be individual, no man can act for

another. Lessons of this class need be taught and held up before

the youth of Zion, to bring forcibly to their minds the truth which alone will make them free and able to stand firm in the faith. Let

them, as they are called together in their assemblies, present themselves before God, and be reminded of his gracious benefits, in bringing forth the Book of Mormon, in the scenes of Kirtland, in

Zion, in Nauvoo, in the trying days of the exodus, and in the wilderness. This that they might count the mercies of God in his promises, and behold how past affliction and sore trial have been

turned to the wellbeing of his people; and so renew their covenants, filled with a deeprooted, immovable conviction of the good56 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ness and mercy of the Lord. Each individual must learn this lesson,

it must be impressed upon his soul, so deep, and be so wellfounded that nothing can separate him from a knowledge of the love of

God, though death and hell stand in the way. It was thus that

Joshua impressed ancient gathered Israel, her elders and her officers:

"Now therefore fear the Lord, and serve him in sincerity and in truth: * * * and if it seem evil unto you to serve the Lord, choose

you this day whom ye will serve, * * * but as for me and my house we will serve the Lord."That was Joshua's declaration. It

is that of every true Latterday Saint who is able with Job to declare: "I know that my Redeemer liveth, and that he shall stand

at the latter day upon the earth: and though after my skin worms

destroy this body, yet in my flesh shall I see God: whom I shall see

for myself, and mine eyes shall behold, and not another, though my reins be consumed within me."

God is good; his promises never fail; to implicity trust his

goodness and mercy, is a correct principle. Let us, therefore, put

our trust in Him.

Joseph F. Smith.

THE OCTOBER CONFERENCE OF THE CHURCH.

The seventyfourth semiannual conference of the Church convened on the fourth, fifth, and sixth, and was largely attended.

The great Tabernacle was filled on Sunday morning at 10 o'clock, and in the afternoon large meetings were held besides, in the Assembly Hall and upon the Tabernacle grounds. The evening meeting of the Sunday School Union was largely attended and well conducted. The audiences on Monday and Tuesday continued large.

President Smith's opening address reiterated the cautions uttered by him six months ago in regard to debt and the industrial training of the young; "get out of debt and keep out of debt;"

"young men, learn to become skillful in the arts, and in mechanics, and in doing something that will be materially useful in building up the commonwealth where we live and where our interests are centered,"were his counsels to the people. In a striking synopsis

EDITOR'S TABLE. 57

of the progress of the Church in the past six months, he referred to the building of mission houses in Copenhagen and Christiania, and to the satisfactory growth of the foreign missions, as well as the home colonies. The earnestness and devotion of the people

was all that could be expected. He advised against the people

leaving their present homes to scatter abroad, except in cases of actual need. When they do go to the new settlements or places,

however, it should be done, "under the direction and counsel of those who have these matters in charge, that instead of scattering abroad you may gather abroad, and establish yourselves in communities where you can have the advantages of schools, of meetings, of Mutual Improvement associations, and of all the other auxiliary organizations of the Church, and where you will be able to associate together in a community for selfprotection, and for selfculture and advancement, in all that is good."Six elders had

lately died in the mission field, and he cautioned the missionaries to take proper care of themselves, and do all in their power to protect and preserve their health. He referred feelingly to the

death of President Brigham Young, and welcomed Apostle Heber

J. Grant home from his mission to Japan. He counseled the Saints

to look after their children, "that they may grow up with proper habits, keeping the Word of Wisdom, keeping themselves morally clean and pure, avoiding the temptations and the allurements that beset them on every hand, that they may grow up to be men and women without spot and without blemish. This is the great desideratum of life, for me at least. For me to see my children following in the ways of sin, departing from the ways of uprightness,

would be the most grievous affliction that could befall me. Death

itself would be more desirable to me in preference to that."

A very interesting report of the Japan mission was given by

Apostle Grant. So far they had succeeded in baptizing only three,

and two of these were inclined to be unfaithful. But he had hopes

that in the future a great work would be done by the elders, who are now presided over by Elder H. S. Ensign. One lesson he had

learned is that we here in Utah and the west are not making the best use of our lands. We have such great opportunities that

young men need not look for new countries, but rather learn how best to make use of the advantages around us. Economy is a great

58 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

lesson that this people must learn; and with it they must learn how

to make the best use of their time and resources.

The sermons, reports, and remarks, which followed at other meetings, were full of wise counsel, spiritual and material, for the people who sustained intense interest in the proceedings from opening to close.

The vacancy in the quorum of Twelve was filled by the calling and ordination of Elder Geo. A. Smith to be an apostle and a member of the quorum. Apostle Francis M. Lyman, who has presided

over the European mission since early in 1901, was released to return home, and was also sustained as president of the quorum of

Twelve Apostles. Elder Heber J. Grant was called to preside over

the European mission. These callings and changes were unanimously approved, and the general authorities sustained. This business was attended to on Tuesday, sixth, with the utmost good feeling and unanimity. Altogether the conference was spirited, and

will have the effect of unifying the Saints, strengthening their faith, and of giving an impetus to the work of the Church the world over. A special feature was the large number of reunions

of missionaries, associations, and meetings of auxiliary organizations, as well as concerts and other entertainments, in which a spirit of fraternity prevailed.

HON. FRANK FULLERIn this number, the Era presents a recent portrait of Hon.

Frank Fuller, a prosperous business man of New York, and in the early 60's a prominent citizen and politician of Utah. Mr. Fuller was appointed Secretary of Utah Oct. 3, 1861, by President

Arbaham Lincoln, but for several weeks prior had acted, and he continued in the office until June 11, 1863, when Governor Harding was deposed. During his incumbency, he frequently served as

acting Governor. In this capacity he saluted President Lincoln on

the completion of the Overland Telegraph Line, completed October 17, 1861. He was acting governor during the Morrisite trouble

on the Weber in 1862, and ordered the vindication of the law in that outbreak. He signed the legislative memorial to Congress

EDITOR'S TABLE. g9

that year for the admission of Utah, and was elected by the Constitutional convention of 1872, with Hons. Thomas Fitch, and

George Q. Cannon, to cooperate with Hon. Wm. H. Hooper in presenting the Constitution to Congress and the President. The

election was held March 18, when the people of Utah ratified the

Constitution by a vote of twentyfive thousand one hundred and sixty for, and three hundred and sixtyfive against, and also chose

Frank Fuller their representative to Congress. Later the Legislature, April 6, chose Wm. H. Hooper and Thomas Fitch, senators.

Mr. Fuller has done many kind acts for the people of Utah, and

remains today their staunch friend. The Era is enabled to present

his portrait by courtesy of Elder Junius F. Wells who obtained

it specially from him for publication in this magazine.

NOTES.

A young man who reads the proverbs of Solomon say once every month and makes them a part of his principles, of his very being, has a fund of wisdom, a basis of character that will help him in temptation, and win him the respect of his fellowmen. They should be read and

studied, believed and remembered, and their precepts practiced in daily

life.

Digging in the soil and chopping wood is hard work, but it requires no special skill, hence the wages paid are the smallest. The pay increases in proportion to the thought and skill required. Learn a good

trade and it will be with you when your friends and money are gone.

Few boys take to tasks that require thought and persistent effort. Yet

skilled work is the only employment in demand. Hodcarriers and common laborers glut the market everywhere. The tradesmen and artizans are the ones that get the easiest jobs and the most money. The

others are always hunting work. Should they accidentally stumble upon

a job they cannot hold it. A superficial knowledge will not do. It must

be thorough. Boys, learn a trade while young. After you are twenty

years old few will be found who will take time and trouble to teach you one. When you are that old you will want a man's pay. If you don't

know anything you won't get it. Knownothings work at odd jobs and

are paid the lowest scale. The Gem.

In standing beside the open grave of a friend one thought often oc60 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

curs to men in later years, and that is: What does the world owe

this man and how much of the debt has he collected? The world owes

to every man a living, providing he has the industry and determination to collect it. The world owes to every man more pleasure than pain;

more good than bad; more gain than loss; more happiness than sorrow;

more success than failure; more love than hate; more friends than enemies; but it rests with the man himself whether he collects that debt, for

the world holds hard fast to the good things which it possesses, and lets free the bad; and it is only by labor and energy, only by determination

and character that the debt which the world owes to everyone is collected. Depew.

No man or woman of the humblest sort can really be strong, pure and good without the world being the better for it; without somebody

being helped and comforted by the existence of his goodness. Phillips

Brooks.

"Give kindness to the living. No wealth of

Funeral pomp, no late, endearing words

Atone for past neglect."

A man who is guided by a low ambition is cold, unsympathetic, and grasping. One who is led by aspiration is magnanimous, helpful, and

sympathetic. Ambition tends to deteriorate health and morals; aspiration, to improve them; for high ideals elevate everything above one.

They express themselves in the body as surely as the thought of the artist expresses itself on canvas. Ambition desires to have more; aspiration to be more. Ambition often lures us, even to our own destruction. Aspiration is the ladder by which we climb to true greatness.

Success.

No boy can afford to neglect his work; and with a boy work, as a

rule, means study. I am no advocate of senseless cramming in studies,

but a boy should work, and should work hard at his lessons, in the first place, for the sake of the effect upon his own character of settling to learn it. Shiftlessness, slackness, indifference to studying, are almost

certain to mean inability to get on in other walks of life. Of course, as

a boy grows older it is a good thing if he can shape his studies in the direction toward which he has a natural bent; but whether he can do this

or not, he must put his whole heart into it. I do not believe in mischiefmaking in school hours, as this is the kind of animal spirits that makes

poor scholars; and I believe that those boys who take part in rough, hard

play out of school will not find any need of it—President Roosevelt.

IN LIGHTER MOOD.

During the excitement in Congress after the Maine was blown up in Havana harbor Representative McCleary, of Minnesota, made an illadvised speech. He said the sending of the Maine to Cuban waters at

that time was practically an act of war, and that some such catastrophe might have been expected. The speech was not popular, naturally. McCleary was criticised everywhere. Speaker Reed, who was in the chair

at the time the speech was made, spoke to Representative Tawney, also of Minnesota, about it next day.

"Jim,"said Reed, "what's the matter with McCleary?""Nothing

that I know of,"replied Tawney. "What's he talking this way for?""I

don't know.""Huh!"said Reed, "he reminds me of the Kansas dog that

tackled a cyclone. You see, a family from the East moved into Kansas

along back a year or two ago, and they didn't know much about cyclones.

They had a dog, a fresh, innocent pup, bred in the effete and windless

East. One day a cyclone came along. The folks scooted for the cyclonecellar, but the dog, being an Eastern product, didn't understand. He

hailed the advent of the cyclone with joyous barks and started off to tackle it. The result was, Jim, that when that cyclone did business with

that dog, which charged down upon it with open jaws, the dog was blown inside out. It was a dickens of a predicament for the dog. After

the cyclone passed along and the folks came out of the cellar, they found the dog there, picturesque, but of no further value as a dog. The farmer

surveyed the dog ruefully. He was a good dog and he hated to lose him

Then the foolishness of the dog struck him, and he said, wrathfully: 'There,

drat ye; that's what comes of keepin'your mouth open in the face of a

storm."Saturday Evening Post.

A cleryman in New Jersey hired a man to act in the capacity of coachman and gardener. One day the clergyman bought a bottle of

horse liniment, and told the man to apply it to a lame horse according to the directions on the bottle. About an hour afterward he went to the

barn, and found Silas industriously dipping a spike into the liniment and 62 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

then rubbing it against the horse's leg. "What are you doing that for?"

he asked. The man looked up with a smile of assurance. "Because,"

said he, "'twas what it said in the directions on the bottle; but it's slow

work.""You must have made a mistake,"said the minister. "I have not,''

answered the man, in an aggrieved tone. "It says here on the bottle,

'Apply with a large nailor toothbrush,'and as I had no toothbrush, I thought I'd better use this spike."—FomA's Companion.

Patsy: "Mom, won't yer gimme me candy, now?"Mrs. Casey: "Didn'

oi tell ye oi wouldn'give ye anny at all if ye didn't kape still?"Patsy:

"Yes'm, but—"Mrs. Casey: "Well, the longer ye kape still the sooner

ye'U get it."Philadelphia Press.

Chauncey M. Depew and Mark Twain went abroad once on the same

ship. When they were four days out somebody gave a dinner and invited

both.

Speechmaking time came. Mark Twain had the first chance. He

spoke twenty minutes, and made a great hit. Then it was Mr. Depew's

turn.

The canny New Yorker arose and said: "Mr. Toastmaster, ladies and

gentlemen: I have a confession to make. Before this dinner, Mark

Twain and myself made an agreement to trade speeches. He has just

delivered my speech, and I thank you for the pleasant manner in which you have received it. I regret to say that I lost the manuscript of his

speech, and cannot remember anything he was to say."

Depew sat down. There was much laughter. Next day an Englishman who was in the party came across Mark Twain in the smoking

room. "Mr. Clemens,"he said, "I consider you were much imposed upon

last night. I have always heard that Mr. Depew is a clever man, but

really the speech of his you made last night struck me as being the most infernal rot."

Our English cousins use "left off"for our "cast off"as applied to secondhand garments. The following advertisement recently appeared

in a London paper: "Mr. and Mrs. Hardy have left off clothing of all

kinds. They can be seen any day from 3 to 6 p. m. Lippincott's Magazine.

OUR WORK.

FAILURE OF THE ERA TO REACH SUBSCRIBERS.

In a few instances, for Volume VI, we have met with the complaint that only two or three numbers of the volume reached certain subscribers, and that they failed to get the remaining numbers. In other

cases certain people subscribed for the magazine, and, through some error, failed to receive their numbers. Their names were not placed

upon the subscription list. We desire to state to such subscribers, and

to all our subscribers, that immediately upon your failure to receive any number of the magazine, you should drop the office a postal card or other notice, informing us of such failure, and the matter will be immediately looked up and the error corrected. We aim, and are proud of

the record the Era has made in this matter, to have the magazine promptly in the hands of our subscribers on the first of every month, and as promptly to mail it to every person on the list, whether the names are sent by the individuals themselves or by our agents, the presidents of the associations. If the office is immediately notified of any

failure to receive the magazine, the error can be checked up without delay, and whether it be in the office, in the mails, or with the agent to whom the money has been given, it can be learned in a very short time;

whereas, if the error is permitted to continue until the end of the year, it is impossible to unravel the complications and learn where the fault lies. Please, therefore, notify us immediately upon any failure to receive

your magazine, or of any errors that may have been committed in our business relations with you.

A LESSON IN BUSINESS.

In attending the annual conventions of the M. I. A. this fall, some

of the members of the General Board have learned and later reported 64 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

that quite a number of the subscribers who were upon the delinquent list for the Improvement Era had already paid; some, weeks before, and others, months before their visit to the convention. They

had paid to the local officers of their ward, in some instances, and in others, to the stake superintendent, but the money had not been forwarded to the office, and through neglect had been held sometimes for months by the local officers. This condition of affairs is very regretable, not only to the Improvement Era and to the General Board, but

also to such subscribers as have been erroneously placed upon the delinquent lists. It should also be very humiliating for officers who have

thus neglected to forward the money to its proper destination. We appreciate very highly the labors of our brethren in acting as agents for

the Era, at the same time, we desire that they should act as they would in private affairs, and let good business rules regulate their actions.

Using money in trust is a very dangerous practice for young men to engage in, and while we have not the least doubt there has been no thought of fraud in any way, it is a matter of history that the retention beyond the allotted time of money in trust, innocently may be, has often led to very serious financial complications, and in many instances to defalcation. Many bank cashiers have innocently taken the bank's money

and used it for a day, with the intention of replacing it at night, but something occurred by which they were unable to pay, and so the result was disastrous. Young men especially should be very careful in the

handling of money, that they do it in a business way, and when they handle other people's finances that they carefully avoid using the means personally, even for the shortest time. It is the safest plan, it is

the only business way, and it is a training that every young man should subject himself to, for his own good and for his own moral and business welfare.

Let us hope that it will not be necessary to call attention to this matter again, but that all the officers who hold money, either for the

Improvement Era or for the Manuals, will promptly forward the same to the office, so that the individuals and associations may receive proper credit, and they themselves thereby learn a good lesson in business.

FOR CLASS TEACHERS AND PRESIDENTS.

In the preparation of our class work, the first essential is the seleetion of competent class teachers. Those most competent should be

OUR WOBK. 66

chosen for the Junior class. If it is possible, have at least two teachers

for every class.

The vital part of our w ork is to teach the truth, and make our students Latterday Saints. The teacher's familiarity with the lesson is

absolutely necessary. Home preparation is of the most vital importance, and special attention should be given to securing it. It is the

most potent means for creating interest and enthusiastic study. Various

methods have been suggested for ensuring this home study. One is to

hold preliminary or preparation meetings; another is to visit backward

members in their homes and go over the lessons with them; a third most

excellent suggestion is to select quite a number of bright members as extra teachers, whose whole duty it is to coach the delinquents—those

who do not prepare the lessons nor take part in the work in the meetings of the association—and get them ready for the meeting each week

by assisting them to prepare the lessons. This method has the advantage of not only making active members of the delinquents, but it brings

into prominence and encourages a number of leading members, and builds them up by giving them work to do.

There are three essentials in teaching: order, interest, instruction.

Instruction should have an aim, which should be developed or illustrated by the lesson, and then the aim or truth of the lesson should be applied to the student, so that it may become practical to him and be made a part of his life and being.

Seek diligently to secure regular attendance. Irregular attendance

destroys the interest of the student, and he is liable to discontinue attendance altogether.

In assigning the lesson, one or more topics may be given to a member, or there may be a general assignment of topics to various members, but the entire class should be urged to prepare on the lesson.

One speaker should not be allowed to encroach upon either the time or the subject of another. Strictly prohibit Manualreading in the

class.

A mistake made by teachers frequently is their failure to take a general view of the subject, that is, to get a general understanding of the Manual from first to last, so that they will know at what the lessons are aiming, and will understand the connection between one lesson and another, and between one lesson and all those which precede and succeed it.

The one great, grand idea for this year's senior work is the gaining of a knowledge of the truth of the Book of Mormon. This can only be

obtained through the influence of the Spirit of God and by fasting 66 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

and prayer. Our work, therefore, is to encourage the young men to

study carefully this subject, and to diligently seek by these means to obtain a knowledge of the truth of this great work. In using the review

questions, a general question is recommended as preferable to a direct one.

The Book of Mormon being of such general interest, and this being the first time that an analytical course of study 'has been prepared upon it, the officers are urged to invite the older brethren to attend the meetings of the associations and take part in the study, and it is believed they will receive much profit therefrom.

HOW ABOUT MISSIONARY WORK.?

The following resolution was adopted at the general conference of

Y. M. M. I. A., on Monday afternoon, June 1, 1903:

Resolved, That the general missionary work be suspended and we bend our efforts and energies to the local missionary work; and that the

local missionaries be called sufficiently early to be present at the fall convention and there receive their instructions. And further, that a

committee from the General Board be appointed to look after this work.

The missionary work for the coming season, therefore, is confined to the local missionaries. In addition to the local officers of each association, two or four competent young men are selected by the presidency of

the association, with the approval of the Bishop of the ward, and set apart by the Bishop as local ward missionaries. The missionaries called

last season are not released, but are to continue their labors. Where,

for any reason, brethren are released from this mission, the vacancies should be filled at once.

These should be released from all other duties in the ward, and should devote the entire time which they have for Church labors to this missionary work. That is, no other duty should interfere with it. The

stake organization of the Y. M. M. I. A. should take charge of all the

ward missionaries, calling a meeting weekly or monthly to receive reports and give instructions concerning the work of the missionaries.

These brethren will labor in the ward under the direction of the ward presidency. The stake superintendency will report monthly on the missionary work to the missionary committee of the General Board. The following brethren have been appointed the missionary committe: J. Golden

Kimball, Jos. W. McMurrin, B. F. Grant and Thos. Hull. It is distinctly

understood that the officers of the associations are and shall also act as

OTJB WORK. 67

local missionaries. The local missionary work must not be discontinued,

but it must be made more effective. This local missionary work is the

most important that the officers have to do. Upon it depends greatly

the success of our organization and its power to do good. It should

be the spiritual labor of the season.

Remember, the first step to take in the conduct of the missionary work is to have two or four, as may be deemed necessary, competent brethren called and set apart. Those already called, and who have been

faithful in the discharge of their duty, should continue their labors; but

where any have been neglectful and cannot be converted to a faithful performance of these duties, they should be released, and others selected in their places. In all of this missionary work, it must be understood

that you will be in perfect harmony with the stake presidency and the bishops, and all must be done under their sanction and approval.

In making the selection, first let the superintendency of the stake go to the stake president and obtain his sympathy and assistance, and his authority to select the necessary missionaries in each ward, and when his support is secured, ask him to kindly instruct the bishops to earnestly cooperate with you in this work. When this is accomplished proceed as

follows: The ward president will meet with the bishopric of the ward

and select not less than two nor more than four, as may be deemed necessary, of the most competent men in the ward. The bishopric will set

these brethren apart, and release them from all duties which will in any way interfere with the work.

In selecting these missionaries care should be exercised to obtain men of experience and intelligence; men who can secure the confidence

of the boys; who have the spirit of missionary work, and who are exemplary in their lives. We have in the past requested stake superintendents to select this class of men for our general missionaries, and we

quote from the letter sent to them as to the qualifications of these brethren. In each of those letters it is said:

We want men of intelligence and experience in the Gospel, zealous in the work of the Lord, but wise and prudent; congenial and capable of

making friends; able to express their ideas with a reasonable degree of

clearness. Of course they must be men of good standing, upright,

moral and exemplary in their lives; but it is not sufficient that a man

possess these qualifications alone; he must have in addition the ability to

perform this special missionary work.

It may be said that this calls for a perfect man, but we are holding up in this the ideal missionary, and we ask that you select those in your ward who come the nearest to this ideal. At one of our Board conven68 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

tions, President Smith, in speaking upon the qualifications of missionaries, said:

"There are many excellent men, but very few really good missionaries.

"The characteristics of a good missionary are:

"A man who has sociability—whose friendship

ingratiate himself into the confidence and favor ofsparkling—who can is permanent and

men who are in darkness. This cannot be done offhand. You must get

acquainted with a man, learn him and gain his confidence and make him feel and know that your only desire is to do him good and bless him;

then you can tell him your message and give him the good things you have for him kindly and lovingly. Therefore, in selecting missionaries,

choose such as have sociability, who have friendship and not enmity towards men; and if you have not any such in your ward, train and qualify

some young men for this work. Some men can never make good missionaries and you should not select such. In the very first place, a missionary should have in himself the testimony of the Spirit of God—the

witness of the Holy Ghost. If he has not this he has nothing to give.

Men are not converted by eloquence or oratory; they are convinced

when they are satisfied that you have the truth and the Spirit of God,"

The work of the missionaries is to convert all those who are careless and neglectful of their duties, whether they be young or old, as well as all persons who are not of our faith who will receive them. We want

it understood that we are not working alone for Mutual Improvement and the increase of its"membership, but for the salvation of souls and the glory of the Master. We have reports from Salt Lake Stake which

show that the work of the local Mutual Improvement missionaries increased the attendance of the Sunday School in one instance twentyfive per cent.

While we expect the missionaries to be specially interested in

Mutual Improvement work, such as the Era, the General Fund, class work, membership, etc., our work is not only to get the young men to

join the associations, but if we can get a boy who is unkind to his parents to be kind and gentle and obedient to them; one who smokes or

drinks to abandon the evil practices; one who is profane, converted to

reverence for the Deity and purity of language; or, if we can get those

who are careless to attend the sacrament and other ward meetings and

Sunday Schools, all this is Mutual Improvement work; and, in fact, anything that will make men better is part of our work.

The missionaries should watch the amusements of the young people and set an example of moderation and modesty in these matters. Use

an influence to improve the manners of the young people in their social gatherings. Advocate and inaugurate social gatherings in the homes of

OUR WORK. 69

the people, where the young people may meet with the parents. Introduce at them any good plan which will attract those who do not attend

meetings. Urge the parents to take part with the young people in all

their amusements. It would be well to hold cottage meetings occasionally, and at these meetings introduce some social entertaining features

so that they may be made attractive. In all your work, and in every

plan adopted, remember that you are seeking to attract those who are indifferent to religious meetings, and you must therefore throw out inducements to get them under Gospel influences.

The presidents of associations and ward missionaries should meet with the bishopric of the ward once each week, and make verbal reports, and fill out the weekly report blank, sending same promptly to the stake superintendent. The stake superintendents should then summarize the

weekly reports, and forward the summary, on the first of each month, to the missionary committee of the General Board, addressed to Elder

J. Golden Kimball, Templeton Building, Salt Lake City. These reports

and summaries will be made on blanks furnished for the purpose by the

General Board.

The stake superintendency and aids are to meet with all the ward missionaries once each month at some convenient place, and if the stake is so scattered that all cannot come each month to one place, they should hold district missionary meetings, so as to fully instruct the missionaries from time to time, and ascertain positively whether they are working faithfully and carrying out the instructions.

In conclusion, it is the instruction of the General Board of the

Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations that a mighty effort be made to make this local missionary work a perfect success. Therefore,

let us one and all take up this work with interest and devotion, determined that our great organization, approved as it is in all its lines by the authorities of the Church, shall, more than ever, be felt as a mighty power for good in the midst of Israel.

THE LATE M. I. A. CONVENTIONS.

Without exaggeration, the conventions of the Mutual Improvement

Associations, which were held this fall, were the most successful that have ever been convened. The brethren who visited the various stakes

of Zion give good reports of the condition of the associations, and the work generally in those stakes. For the first time since the inauguration of the M. I. A. Conventions, every stake in Zion, including those in

70 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Mexico, Arizona 'and Canada, has been visited by a member of the General Board. The spirit of the meetings in every case has been uplifting,

and will tend greatly to accelerate the work during the present season.

A pleasing feature of every convention was the presence of the Presidents of stakes and their counselors, and the Bishops and High Councilors, and other authorities of the Church, who took a living interest in the labors of the young people, and whose presence gave prestige and encouragement to the leaders in the work. The representation at all the

conventions was the largest ever witnessed, and was all that could be expected in zeal and intelligence. Frequently officers came for a hundred miles or more to attend the conventions, and the instructions and

exercises were all given with spirit and vim. The holding of the

Young Ladies'conventions at the same time and in the same settlement was a new feature this year, which added to the interest of the gatherings. It is safe to predict that much good will result, if the spirit

which was made manifest in these conventions is carried to the various associations; and the year 1903-4 will outdo all previous years in the progress and usefulness of Mutual Improvement work. The Board can only

urge the officers to continue the labors so well begun, and are united in asking the Lord that the zeal and energy and interest displayed in the conventions may continue through the season in every association throughout the Church.

SEND ORDERS TO THIS OFFICE.

The attention of Mutual Improvement officers and others is called to the fact that the General Board of Y. M. M. I. A. is publishing the

Era, Manual, and Roll Books, and all orders for these should be sent directly to the general office of Y. M, M. I. A., 214 Templeton Building,

Salt Lake City. Orders are sometimes sent to other offices, and delay is

thereby caused, which may be avoided by ordering directly from the general office.

OUR STUDY AIM FOR TWO SEASONS:

To prove the origin oj the Book of Mormon to be what the Latterday

Saints say it is; and the book itself to be what we proclaim it to be—a revelation Jrom God.

EVENTS OF THE MONTH.

Local.—September, 1903.

New Light In Utah.—About two years ago while Stephen T.

Lockwood, of Buffalo, was in the West, he met two miners of Utah, who had found peculiar ore deposits in the La Sal district, in Grand County.

An assayer reported not a trace of precious metals in the ore, but much uranium, and Mr. Lockwood knowing the commercial value of this ore

urged the importance of the discovery. The result was that claims

were staked upon the whole deposit. It was afterwards learned that

the Utah uranium would yield the rare metal radium, about which so much is now said. A company has been formed in Buffalo to extract

radium from this new Utah mineral, and Mr. Lockwood thinks that in the

not distant future radium will be made as a commercial article for lightproducing purposes. When properly concentrated and tubed, radium is

converted into a perpetual light, requiring no cost for operation, maintenance, renewal or repair. The Utah product is said to be much easier

to work than the flinty pitchblende from which Professor and Madame

Curie made their remarkable discovery of radium.

Philips died in Springville, Sep. 3, 1903. He Called Hence.—Josiah

crossed the plains with the handcart company of 1856.—John Crawford,

pioneer, born in Scotland, Sep. 23, 1829, died in Manti, Sep. 5. He made

the adobes for the old Salt Lake Tabernacle.—Mrs. Annie Hanson, age

seventyeight, a resident of West Jordan, who crossed the plains by oxteam in 1866, from her native country, Norway, died on the 5th.—Peter

Thygersen, born in Denmark, and who took part in the DanishGerman war of 1849, died in Levan, on the 6th, age seventyfive years.—Dr. Wm.

T. Dalby, born Virginia, April 18, 1859, a distinguished citizen and physician of Salt Lake, died on the 7th.—Thomas F. Rouche, born in North

Carolina, February 9, 1833, baptized Sep. 22, 1854, came to Utah in 1855,

and a legislator, selectman and leading business man, died at his home in

Kaysville, Davis Co., Sep. 12.—C. Sum Nichols, a wellknown newspaper

72 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

man and veteran of the Civil war, born Quincy, 111., March 11, 1843,

died in Salt Lake on the 15th.—On the 16th Louisa Newell, born in Illinois, seventyfour years age, and a pioneer of 1852 died in Provo.—Ann

Howarth Mayho, age eightyeight, who received the gospel in Lancashire, England, and crossed the plains with the last handcart company, died in Heber, Wasatch Co., on the 22nd.—Malisa Coray Kimball, born

Canada, 1828,, joined the Church in 1838, and reached Utah in 1848 by way of California with the "Mormon"Battalion, died in Salt Lake Sep. 21.

died in Rockport, Summit Co., on the 24th, age—Elizabeth Venion

seventyseven years. She was an early settler on the upper Weber.

James Johnston, for nineteen years first counselor to former Bishop

Griggs of Sugar Ward, died Sep. 25. He was born in Orkney Islands,

1836, and came to Utah in 1853.—Christopher Ingebretsen, president of

the Scandinavian meetings in Ogden, born in Norway fiftynine years in Richfield, the remains of Anago, died on the 27th.—On October 5,

drew Johnston Moore, born Iowa, March 16, 1849, a prominent citizen and once a deputy sheriff, were consigned to the grave.—Elijah E. Ellison, age fortysix, a leading business man and second counselor to Bishop

Layton, of West Layton, Davis Co., died on the 8th.—Bishop Lars

P. Madsen of North Ephraim, born Ephraim, Utah, Dec. 14, 1858, a

prominent citizen and Church worker, was killed by accident in Cottonwood canyon, Oct. 10. On the same day, in Ephraim, Bendicta C. Hanson, a pioneer of 1857, died. She was born in Sweden, March 8, 1839,

and was for eight years president of the Relief Society.—In Salt Lake

City, on Oct. 14, Ann Thomas, mother of Coalmine Inspector Gomer

E. Beck,Thomas, died. She was born in Wales, July 3, 1824.—Joseph

formerly in charge of the Indian farm, and for over fifty years a tiller of the soil near Spanish Fork, died on the 13th, aged ninetythree years, four months and fifteen days.

New Railway Depots for Salt Lake.—The Oregon Short Line

began a definite move on the 8th for a new depot by asking the City

Council for a franchise which was later granted by the council (28th).

Work will be begun soon. The buildings and grounds will cost about a

million dollars. The company has acquired considerable land, and condemnation proceedings will be entered to acquire more, making a total

cost for land about a half million dollars. The petition for a franchise

asks that certain streets be closed, and that the right for laying tracks and grading be granted. A few blocks south of the new proposed Short

Line depot, the Rio Grande Railway company contemplate erecting an improvement of a similar magnitude and to that end have asked for a franchise and certain privileges from the city, which were granted by

EVENTS OF THE MONTH. 73

the council, Oct. 5. Both improvements will be some years ahead of the

city's needs, but business has doubled on the railroads since 1897, and there is no reason why it should not so largely increase in the next decade as to meet any advancement which the new buildings might indicate in the growth of the city. In connection with the Rio Grande building,

there will be a fifty thousand dollar railroad Y. M. C. A. house erected

for the benefit of employees.

Schools and Text Books.—The public schools generally opened

with very large enrollments on the 14th. In Salt Lake the enrollment

was eleven thousand, five hundred and thirtyfour, an increase over last year's opening day of two hundred and thirtyfour children, the proportion in other places being similar. One of the features of the opening

this year was the introduction of the free text book system provided for by the last Legislative assembly. The innovation was generally met

with favorable comments, though some districts were unprepared. The

books were distributed by the thausands under the regulations; in the

Ogden schools alone, eight thousand text books were delivered the first day. disease is prevalent about the state, many Typhoid Fever.—This

deaths and cases having been reported. During September there were

one hundred and twentyeight cases in Salt Lake City alone. From the

September report it appears that the death rate in Salt Lake was 10.40

per 1000 of the population, or 65; while the birth rate was 145 or 23.20

per 1000.

the month, Utah has had its quota of Gatherings Galore.—During

national gatherings, and visits from associations and individuals from the various states of the Union. Besides the stream of visitors to the Bureau

of Information, where frequently each day records visits from nearly all the states and many foreign nations, twentyfive leading "Washington newspaper correspondents visited Salt Lake, Provo and other points and attended the Irrigation Congress at Ogden. Then there was an importtant gathering, commencing on the 11th, of the International Association of Ticket Agents; and on the 14th, the biennial convention of the

International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers opened in Salt Lake.

There were two hundred and thirtyfive electricians present, representing every branch of the profession, and every city of any considerable size.

But the greatest was, of course, the Irrigation Congress (born in Salt

Lake City in 1891), held in Ogden (1518)—at which practically all the

states west of the Mississippi were represented by nearly four hundred delegates. The sessions were held in the Ogden Tabernacle, Senator W.

74 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

A. Clark, president. The guest of honor was Secretary of Agriculture

James Wilson. The local arrangements, and program was all that could

be asked in comfort, practicability and usefulness, and the irrigation cause in the arid region never appeared before the national public to greater advantage.

Prizes at Irrigation Congress.—Four cups were offered as prizes

at the Irrigation Congress: The Havemeyer cup for the best sugar beet

exhibit; the Pabst Brewing Co. cup for the best exhibit brewing barley;

Senator Clark cup for the best general collection of fresh fruits; and the

Anheuser Busch Brewing Association cup, for the best exhibit of hops.

Without doubt the fruit exhibit at Ogden was the grandest ever seen in the State. Utah and Idaho were the only two competitors for the fruit

cup, Montana, Colorado and Oregon not having entered for the grand prize. Idaho was awarded the trophy for the most perfect fruit. The

Utah fruit was all that could be asked, except that it fell short on one marred it, there were unmistakable signs ofpoint—the codling moth had

worm depredations. The points considered were completeness of collection as to classes and varieties, perfection of specimens, correct nomenclature, and freedom from the evidence of the codling moth worm. The

decision should teach Utah fruitgrowers to use the spray more. But

Utah won the five hundred dollar loving cup offered by Havemeyer for sugar beets, over Idaho, Colorado, California and Kansas. It went to A.

Rhodes, of Garland; Utah, who got ninetythree points; Utah Sugar Co.,

of the same place, ninetytwo points; and Austin Bros., Rexburg, Idaho,

eightyeight points. The size, shape, percentage of purity and saccharine

matter, were points considered. The AnheuserBusch cup for hops was

awarded to McNeff Bros., North Yakima, Washington; the Pabst cup for

barley, to the Manhattan Malting Co., Manhattan, Montana. By a vote

of two hundred and five out of three hundred and sixty, it was decided on the 18th that the next meeting will be held in El Paso, Texas. To the

Executive Committee, led by Hon. F. J. Kiesel and ably assisted by

Assistant Secretary W. T. Beardsley, must be credited much of the

grand success of the Congress in Ogden.

An Opinion of the Ministers.—Not long ago the Ministerial Association in Salt Lake, which it was not before known was in politics, introduced a resolution announcing that its members would not support

any but non-"Mormons"for public office. This is what the InterMountain

and Colorado Catholie (26th) says of their, movement. It is enough. If

the "Mormons,"however, should, declare against other sects it would be considered even more unpardonable:

EVENTS OF THE MONTH. 75

The ministerial Association of Salt Lake—an organization of puritanical spellbinders, who feed on sensation and provoke all the trouble

they can in our municipal affairs, announce their intention to support a movement which aims at the selection of Gentiles alone for public office.

What a hubbub these evangelists would raise should Catholic priests come out with a declaration against Protestants for public office. How quickly

they would discover an alliance of church and state for the exaltation of

Rome and the destruction of civil and religious liberty. The political

party that gathers this brood of pulpit bangers into its councils deserves defeat through the votes of enlightened and tolerant citizens.

Return op Apostle Heber J. Grant.—On the 27th, Apostle Heber

J. Grant returned from his mission to Japan, having been honorably released. Elder Horace S. Ensign has been appointed to preside over that

mission in his place. There are now six missionaries in the field, and

while the prospects for genuine converts are not promising, much good is being done in presenting the gospel to the natives, and many friends are made. So far only three baptisms have been made. There is a tendency

among the natives to become converts for a consideration; he had noticed

that some were willing to be baptized in exchange for a knowledge of the English language. The elders are doing and feeling well, and

making good progress with the language.

the recent trip north of President Joseph A New Stake op Zion.—On

F. Smith and his company, the Alberta stake of Zion, Canada, was divided,

and a new one, the Taylor stake, organized. The step was necessary because of the growth of the people in those parts, the settlements being

now a hundred miles or more apart. It had thus become a burden upon

the officers of the undivided stake to attend to their duties and to visit all the people. Appeals have come from other stakes for divisions, and these

will doubtless be made in the near future. The officers of the new stake,

which was organized August 30, 1903, are: Heber S. Allen, president,

Theodore Brandley, and J. William Knight, counselors. The new stake

was named in honor of Apostle John W. Taylor, is the fiftyfirst stake of

Zion, and comprises the eastern part of the old Alberta stake. In the

latter, former first counselor E. J. Wood was set apart as president.

With President Smith were President Anthon H. Lund, and Apostles John

W. Taylor, Matthias F, Cowley, and Reed Smoot.

October, 1903.

A. Smith who was chosen an apostle on The New Apostle.—George

the 6th, is the oldest son of Elder John Henry Smith and Sarah Farr, and 76 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

was born in Salt Lake City, April 4, 1870. He is the stake superintendent

of the Y. M. M. I. A. in which position he has made a great success. His

education was obtained in the public schools, the Brigham Young

Academy, and the State University. He has been engaged as clerk in

Z. C. M. I. and the Coop. W. & M. Co., and is at present Receiver of the

U. S. Land office, to which position he was appointed January 31, 1898,

and which he has filled to the entire satisfaction of the public. He filled

a mission to the Southern States in 1892-4, where he manifested strict devotion to duty, and was an earnest worker in the cause of truth. Politically he is a staunch Republican, one of the best campaign speakers in the

state, and a man who has canvassed every county in Utah. In his new

position, he will be as earnest, devoted and zealous as man can be. His

life is an open book, and in the responsible position of Apostle, he will serve the people with diligence and integrity.

The State Fair.—At one o'clock on the first, the Utah State Fair,

under the Deseret Agricultural and Manufacturing Society, opened informally to the public for the twentysixth time. It closed on the evening

of the 8th. Notwithstanding the storms which prevailed from the 3rd

to the 6th, the attendance was good, and the directors came out two thousand five hundred dollars ahead of last year's receipts, and will have about two thousand dollars above the expenses which amounted to fifteen thousand dollars. Many thousands of people attended each day, but children's day, Tuesday, 6th, exceeded all expectations. The fair was pronounced the best ever held. The display of manufactures of all kinds

excelled any previous attempt, while never before has there been such a splendid exhibition of first class blooded horses, and cattle. The mineral

and fruit display was not as good as could be obtained in the state.

Amusements were more numerous than heretofore; in fact they were

made a special feature, and attracted many people who would not likely have appeared without them. A midway of amusements, baloon ascensions, and horse racing; were the main attractions in this line. A commendable feature was the mannual training exhibits of the Agricultural

College and public schools. What was seen in these, had a cheering effect

upon the more thoughtful visitors.

the 3rd, Peter Mortensen, the conPleads for New Trial.—On

victed murderer of James R. Hay, was permitted to plead his own case in

a motion by his attorney for a new trial. In a long speech, he declared

his innocence, and that he was not given a fair and impartial trial, and that public sentiment is responsible for his conviction. Judge Morse of

the district court denied his motion for a new trial, and sentenced him to

EVENTS OF THE MONTH. 77

be shot within the exterior walls of the State prison on Friday, November 20, 1903.

for municipal officers Municipal Nominations.—The nominations

throughout the State were made about the middle of October, leaving little time for orators before the November elections. In Salt Lake the

primaries were held on the 12th and 15th and the conventions on the 15th and 16th. The Republicans nominated Frank Knox, and the Democrats,

Richard P. Morris, for Mayor. The newspapers, and much street talk,

charged great corruption in the primaries and the convention of the Republicans, but notwithstanding the heinousness of bribery, no man bribed or who knew of bribery, if such there were, has made formal charges, and there are no arrests. The public are left to wonder whether the

talk is political or true. In Ogden the old Republican officers were renominated, and there is perhaps more satisfaction in political matters

there than in any other place. One feature of municipal nominations this

year is the placing of full Socialist tickets in the field in nearly every large

Utah city. A new city, Huntsville, in Weber county, population twelve

hundred, made its appearance on the 16th, when Mayor L. M. Nelson, and

his Republican corps of city officers were inaugurated.

the 7th, a fire broke out in the underground Big Mine Fire.—On

workings of four of the leading mines of Eureka, Utah. Work was impossible. On the 12th, the smoke was so bad in the BullionBeck that it,

too, suspended operations. Every known method for smothering the fire

is considered, and several tried, with little or no success. Over four hundred men are out of employment. The Centennial Eureka, Gemini and

Eureka Hill are affected. On the 19th, the fire is still burning.

President Smith a Director in the Union Pacific Ry.—The Union

Pacific stockholders, at a meeting in Salt Lake on the 13th, elected Joseph

F. Smith a member of the Board of Directors, in conformity with the plan

of the road to have a Utah man in the directorate. Le Grand Young is

general attorney for this State. At the meeting, one hundred and fortyseven million dollars in stock were represented.

Domestic.—September, 1903.

Postal Affairs.—On the 15th, Miss Huldah B. Todd, postmaster at

Greenwood, Delaware, was summarily removed, and Jacob L. Houseman

installed in her place as postmaster of this fourth class office. The

change was made on request of Senator Allee, who represents the Addicks faction in Delaware politics, because she was "politically and personally 78 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

obnoxious"to the Senator. The Civil Service Commission objected on the

ground that fourth class offices are in the classified service, as far as removals are concerned, and the rules forbid removals "because of political or religious opinion or affiliations."The President has directed an examination. Postmaster Pajme says Miss Todd was an offensive partizan, and

allowed her office to be "headquarters of, and her family and herself to be the most active factors in, a political quarrel inside the Republican 8th,party."—The postal scandals continue to attract attention. On the

the Federal Grand Jury returned seven indictments. Leopold J. Stern,

the indicted Baltimore contractor, has been located in Canada and on the 10th the government began proceedings for his extradition. New York

State Senator George E. Green was arrested about the 18th, charged

with bribing George H. Beavers in connection with the purchase of time

recording machines, of which the Department has now ten thousand on hand, manufactured by a company of which Senator Green is president.

During the week ending October 15, there were seventeen additional indictments, among them being James N. Tyner, of Indiana.

enacted Educating Filipinos.—An interesting law has recently been

by the Philippine government, providing that one hundred native young men shall be sent to the States each year to be educated and fitted for positions in the insular civil service. One hundred will be chosen by competitive examination, and from these, twentyfive of the best qualified

may be selected by the Governor who may also select the same number without competitive examination, but the whole number in the first year must not exceed one hundred. The government will pay five hundred

dollars for the support of each student who must agree in writing to return from the States after the completion of his education, and take an examination for appointment in the civil service.

And so the conversion of the race to our ideals will go on. While

in America, these young men are expected to reside with American families. The St. Louis exposition will be made an excuse for bringing

from the islands twelve hundred natives to take charge of the ten thousand tons of freight that will be placed on exhibit. Incidentally these

will also be trained in American ways. And then, the Civil Service Commission, on the 30th, received a call from the Philippine Government for

one hundred and fifty male teachers, at salaries ranging from nine to twelve hundred per annum, to teach the young Filipino, in his native state. In the meantime, there are reactionary residents in the islands,

for, on the 16th, natives attacked a constabulary post in Luzon, but were repulsed after a sharp fight. Other evidences crop out now and then

showing opposition to American rule and methods.

EVENTS OF THE MONTH. 79

Robert E. Peary Another Search for the North Pole.—Commander

lias received a three years'leave of absence from the Navy Department, from April first, next, and will make another attempt to reach the North

Pole. Both President Roosevelt and Assistant Secretary of the Navy,

Chas. H. Darling, have assured him of their hearty sympathy. Peary

expects to start next July, establish a base of supplies at Cape Sabine, winter quarters at Grant Land, and start with a sledge party over the polar pack in February, 1905, as soon as light returns, this party to be followed by a large main party. He expects to accomplish the distance

to the pole and return in one hundred days, making an average of ten miles a day, get his ship out late in the season and return home. He will use

individual sledges, drawn by dogs, and manned by Eskimos; his plan gives

him the advantage of a fixed landbase one hundred miles nearer the pole than any other route, and a wider landbase on which to retreat. In his

letter granting the leave of absence Secretary Darling says:

The attainment of the pole should be your main object. Nothing

short will suffice. The discovery of the pole is all that remains to complete the map of the world. That map should be completed in our generation and by our countrymen. * * * * Our national pride is involved in the undertaking and this department expects that you will accomplish your purpose and bring further distinction to a service of illustrious traditions.

October, 1903.

Silver Advanced.—Owing to purchases by the United States for

the Philippine accoupt, and the demand from India, silver advanced to 60%, on the thirteenth, the highest point established in years.

3 a. m. on the eighth Heavy and Destructive Rainstorm.—Between

and 4 p. m. on the ninth, 10.4 inches of rain fell in New York City, and

the north Atlantic coast generally suffered from the extraordinary downpour. In New York thousands of cellars were flooded, and much injury

done to parks and cemeteries. Paterson and Pasaic on the river of the

latter name suffered a loss of two million dollars; thousands were driven

from their homes, and many bridges and buildings were carried away by the river which rose three feet above its record for forty years. The

Mowhawk, rose twentyone feet above its normal level, closing the works of the General Electric and American Locomotive companies which employ eighteen thousand persons. The streams began receding on Sunday

eleventh.

Foreign.—September, 1903.

first official document of Pius X for the Pope Pius's Prayer.—The

80 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

occasion of the Feast of the Nativity of the Virgin, issued on the eighth'is a prayer to the Virgin, and to those who will recite it once a day, the

Pope accords an indulence for three hundred days. The prayer as translated by The Independent from the Italian text, Virgine Santissima,

reads:

Most Holy Virgin, who pleased Our Lord and became his Mother, immaculate in body and soul, in faith and love; in this solemn Jubilee of

the proclamation of the Dogma, which announced Thee to the universal world as conceived without sin, mayst thou benevolently regard those miserable ones who implore thy patronage! The malevolent Serpent, against

which was hurled the first curse, continues, unfortunately, to combat and insinuate itself among the suffering children of Eve; mayst Thou, 0! our

blessed Mother, our Queen and Advocate, who since the first instant of thy conception crushed the head of the enemy, gather the prayers which, united with Thee in only one heart, we implore thee to present at the throne of God, that we may never yield to the insinuations which assail us, so that we shall all arrive at the harbor of everlasting life, and in the midst of many dangers the Church and Christian society shall sing once more the hymn of liberation, victory and peace. Amen.

October, 1903.

Russia's Contempt for Promise.—Our state department has Russia's written promise to evacuate Manchuria Oct. 8. The day has come

and gone, and Russia has taken no step to comply with her promise.

On the tenth Christian Russia sent ninety vessels of all sorts to the East to protect herself against the "indignation of Japan which continues in the old Pagan notion that international promises should be sacred."There

is great indignation in this country at Russia's action.

THE FIRST VOLUME OF B. H. ROBERTS'GREAT WORK

NesT Wibpess For God Is the property of the GENERAL BOARD

I. A. OF Y. M. M.

Every student of the Senior Manual for 1903-4 should read it.

The subject treated is:

JOSEPH SMITH AS A

WITNESS FOR GOD,

While the Associations are now studying the subject:

THE BOOK OF MORMON AS A WITNESS FOR GOD.

Every member should read jj both volumes. Send

for the first volume for yourselves and your libraries.

Price 1 50 Postpaid.

Order from

I. Y. M. M. A.

214 TEMPLETON BUILDING, - - SALT LAKE CITY. I

THE HIO GRfljlDE WESTEHI4... H]4D...

THEDE|iVEHflJlDIlIOGlifl]lDE

Best Itoeal Tpain Sefvlee in Utah.

From ten to forty minutes the fastest line between Ogden, Salt Lake City, Lehi, American Fork, Provo, Mammoth, Eureka and all points in Sanpete, Sevier and south.

3 FAST TRAINS DAILY to all Eastern points, with through sleeping and dining cars to Denver, Omaha,

Kansas City, St. Louis and Chicago. 5.-r-:

jit MAGNIFICENT SCENERY EN ROUTE, jt

For Rates, etc., enquire of Local Agent or

write—-"I. A. BENTON,

General Agent, Salt Lake CitY- p

nOregon Short Line Railroad

Operating 1262 Miles of Sailroad through the Thriving States of

UTAH, IDAHO, WYOMING, OREGON and MONTANA.

THE ONLY ROAD To BUTTE, HELENA, PORTLAND, and tbe NORTH PACIFIC COAST.

FIVE DAILY TRAINS BETWEEN SALT LAKE CITY AND OGDEN,

The Fastest Service to All Points East.

BUY YOUR TICKETS VIA THE SHORT LINE,"UTAH'S

FAVORITE RAILROAD.

Cfty Tfckei Office, No. 201 Main Street, Salt Lake City,

r. jr. SCHUMACHER, Senerai Traffic Manayer. D, E. BURLEt. Gen. Pa$a. and Ticket Agi

W. H. BANCROFT. Ific9Prest. and General Manager.

Iwarn wmjmr to AnTasmaMMa tixabm mMnoH ths hba.)

YOU ARE DELUDING YOURSELI Telephone 351. WHEN YOU SAY,

Jos.Wm.Taylor,

UTAH'S LEADING UNDERTAKER "4 Telephone

AND LICENSED EMBALMER.

Fine Funeral Chapel, Private Parwould be of lor, Morgue. Show Rooms and

OrriCE OPEN DAY AND NIGHT.

21,23, 25 South West Temple St. no use to me

SALT LAKE CITT, UTAH.

at the house/* TRY IT AND SEE.

ORLAN CLYDE CULLEN, Ask any of your many COUNSELORAT-LAW.

friends who have it. U. 8. Supreme Court, Registered Attorney U. S. Patent Office, United States and

Foreign Patents, Caveats, Trade Marks and

Oopyrlghts.

ONE DOLLAR PER MONTH IS No. 700 7th Street, N. W.

Opp. XJ. S. Patent Office. WA8HINQT0N.D.C. TOO CHEAP TO REQUIRE ARGUMENT.

Best Daynes Music Co., Quality

The Leading Music Dealers. at

liOVV 111,12—-.-. IM Goods Prices. w

-,---—-rs! YOO GflN BUY OF OS

... 5FS.——-"'-"

and save express from New York or Chicago—not only

'1 ffl expressage, but from 15 per

LrJt7-r-llC'-feapl cent to 20 per cent additional

Lrin first cost to you. It is our

PIflliOS OftGflflS business to save you money, and our beautiful illustrated, EVEHYTHIHG KNOWH \t IJUSIC

Send for Illustrated Catalogue free catalogue tells how.

FREE.

Write Today DAYNES MUMC CO.

The Largest Stock of Goods In the West.

74 Main Street. P. O. Box D. BtOWflllSiG BHOS. CO.,

OGDEfl, UTHH.

(When writing to advertisers please mention this paper.)

Store Good A Always handles reliable goods of every description.

There is nothing better on the market than

Mountaineer Overalls

XXX and Striped Overalls and jumpers, and

Z, C. M. I. Boots and Shoes. For every cent spent

oa these goods you get value received and you should /ns/st on receiving them. There are none

others ''just as good,"and the guaraniee of the largest factory in the West backs them.

Salt Lake City, Utah Z. C, M, L

iftfk'k'kit'k'k'k'kfi'k'k'ick'k'k'tiit'k'k'k'k'k'k'k'itit'hiilt'h''k'k'k'k'kit i

GO. R. I. THOIWflS DRY GOODS

$25.00 Ladies'Suits, - - - - $12.50

- 10.00 20.00 ""...

15.00 ""7.50

10.00 ""-. - - 5.00

7.50 ""3.75 J

Qyeat Indaeements in plJRS.

School Jackets, 75c, 1.00, 1.25, 2.00 each. |

Ladies'Jackets up to $30.00, $10,00 "f

\ f. I. THOmRS DRY GOODS CO. |