Colonizing the "Mormon Corridor

Ci,;..:,

hf 1. Can I prepare for a top business career in less time?

Experience shows you can prepare for an exciting business career at

Stevens Henager in onefourth to onehalf the time. For example,

can train even faster to become a top secretary.What are you you can save up to 2 years in obtaining certification as a CPA. You

looking for in a The Accountingcollege confers associate degrees Fashionin: Merchandising

Management Marketing and Sales Management

Secretarial Science and Marketing Retail Merchandisingprivate college Science Data Processing Computer of business 2. Is there a wholesome LDS atmosphere?

LDS Institute of Religion classes are available on both our campuses.

? fromStudentsnearbyenjoycampuses.LDSSA activitiesOver 6 outwithof everyother10collegesof our studentsand universitiesare LDS.

3. How about job opportunities for twoyear degree graduates?

Stevens Henager graduates are in demand by leading business firms offering excellent positions to: secretaries, computer programers,

accountants, marketing and sales managers. Employment requests

far exceed available graduates. The college provides free placement

service, lifetime and nationwide.

Quarterly Registration Dates Fall—September 28th Winter—January 4th Spring—March 29th.

Phone, visit or write now for a free Stevens Henager College Career

Catalog. Approved for veterans training and low interest federal

student loans.

The Voice of the Church July 1970 Volume 73, Number 7

On the Cover Special Features Northward into Canada and south- 2 Editor's Page: The Pioneer Spirit, President Joseph Fielding Smith

ward into Mexico, westward to 4 Portrait of a Prophet, President S. Dilworth Young

California and eastward to central 8 Church Magazines to Be Combined Into Three New Publications

Colorado run the trails of Latterday 10 Mormon Colonization in the Far West, Dr. T. Edgar Lyon

Saint colonization of the early Far 16 A Moment of Prayer With a Soldier, Carla Sansom

West. Put on map, the movement 19 Brigham Young Recruiting the Mormon Battalion

presents an arresting picture. Here 20 Nauvoo: A Progress Report, Jay M. Todd

indeed was a latterday kingdom of

God, enlarging its borders and estab50 Grandma Didn't Have a Car, Janet R. Balmforth

lishing quarters from which the 60 A New Approach for Family Home Evenings, Eleanor Knowles whole world would be blessed. Such 66 Ricks: The College on a Hill, Denton Y. Brewerton

was the vision of a century ago. 70 The Things Which Are Caesar's, Congressman Del Clawson

Time has seen the dream vindicated.

The kingdom has been established, Regular Features and the people have gone forth to 48 Presiding Bishop's Page: The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth About

present the gospel of peace and Learning, Bishop John H. Vandenberg

eternal progression to all who would 55 Today's Family: Camilla Eyring Kimball—a Remarkable Woman, Mabel

receive drawing it. The perspective Jones Gabbott

on the cover shows this early Mor58 The LDS Scene mon colonization of the western part 62 Buffs and Rebuffs of the North American continent. 64 The Church Moves On

The artist was Gerreld L. Pulsipher. 68 Research & Review: The Glory of Hebrew, Dr. Truman G. Madsen

Colonization 10, page "MormonSee

Far West,"T. Edgar 74 These Times: The United States and Peace in Southeast Asia, Dr. G.in the by Dr.

Homer Durham Lyon. 78 Lest We Forget: The Sego Lily, Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

79 End of an Era 32, 65, 69, 75 The Spoken Word, Richard L. Evans

Era of Youth Marion D. Hanks and Elaine Cannon, Editors

34 The Battle With Yourself, Elaine Cannon 36 Turning Off Teens, George W. and Elizabeth Hubbard

36 People We Want to Know More About: Dr. Truman G. Madsen, Richard

Boyer and Jim Jardine 39 Drugs, Personality, and Youth, Richard Salazar 42 Where Do You Stand Now? Mildred Barthel

44 Know Thyself, Know Thy Friends, Know God, Kathleen Pederson

Fiction, Poetry 26 The Building Project, Lael J. Littke

HKft* 62, 64 Poetry

L. Editor; Editors; Assistant Smith, Evans, Eleanor Doyle Todd, Fielding Managing Managing Joseph Jr.,Jay L. Editor;Green, T. Editorial Manuscript M.Research Knowles, RichardMabel Jones Gabbott,Nibley, Arrington, Albert Sykes,Editor;Contributing CopyG. Landau, Associate; Durham, HomerEditor; TrumanEraAlbert Associate Editor;LeonardReynolds,William ofHugh Editor; ElliottEditor; Editors; Director; L. Cannon,Payne, Art Elaine of YouthG.L. Madsen,Zobell, Era Ralph Marion D. Hanks, Youth Norman

Artist. Price, Staff

W.Snarr,Jay CirculationEldredge, GeneralManager;Manager;S. GlennFlorenceSmith, S.AdvertisingJacobsen, Representative.Associate General Manager; Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A, Glen

Generalpublished bySuperintendent,the Mutual ImprovementYoung Men'sAssociations.Mutual ImprovementAll rightsAssociationreserved. of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, 1970;

forEnteredin sectionat the 1103,Post Office,Act of OctoberSalt Lake1917,City, authorizedUtah, as secondJuly 2, class1918.matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided

except copy Subscription in pleaseadvance; include35c aa change,year, singleyour specialfrom a issues.recent issueThirtyof days'the magazine;notice requiredaddress forchangeschangecanof address. is labelincluded, one, as well address, as the newaddress not be madeWhenpriceunlessordering$4.00the old

contributions carry Advertising: sufficient mustpleasedproduct.be toaccomishis forreaders,delivery of the advertiser ManuscriptsThe Eraor of interest Erapostagewelcomesto butanddoingreturn.butso isdoesPaymentnot notresponsibleimply ThepaniedadvertisementsImprovementby is madeChurchforuponunsolicitedendorsementacceptance.manuscripts.

Official organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching Committee, Music

Committee, Church School System, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Early Ferry, Lee's towns: Mormon Utah

(top); Virgin Provo in at 1875; Rio BunThe Improvement Era,79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

kerville, Nevada

Era, July 1970 1 Editor's F&ge

Tike

By President

Joseph Fielding Smith

Did you ever wonder how it might have been if you had lived in mortality in another age? What great things you

might have accomplished? Important as those other times

were, today, the time of our mortality, is the most important time to each of us. And what

we accomplish in righteousness Photo by Eldon Linschoten is the thing that we should be doing now. blooming orchards, "No wonder Brigham Young chose

July is the month in which we honor the pioneers. these wellwatered and beautiful valleys as a permaThey accomplished great things, and we, as members nent home for your people."

of the Church, no matter where we live, should be It was the spring of the year. The fields were green

using our strength to add to the foundation they with the grain of the summer's harvest; the fruit

gave us. trees along the way were in full bloom; and every-

A traveler passing through the fertile Utah valleys where, in a land of great fertility, appeared the said, as he looked out over the cultivated fields and glorious prospect of an abundant yield. Such remarks

are often made by those who hurriedly pass through tanneries, iron works, sawmills, gristmills, and potteries.

Utah and see conditions as they are today. How very The people learned to manufacture the articles they

little do they know of the early history of the state, used and to raise the provisions they consumed. Their

and the almost superhuman struggles of the pioneers clothing, though plain, was durable; it was the workto make "the wilderness and the solitary place glad manship of their own hands, and of it they were not

for them,"and "the desert rejoice and blossom as the ashamed.

rose."(See Isa. 35:1.) Conditions in the world today tend to destroy the

It was a very different aspect that confronted the unity of spirit and common interest of the individual small but determined band of pioneers who entered in the wellbeing of the community and to narrow the valley of the Great Salt Lake July 24, 1847. The down the spirit in which each member shows his love

soil was hard and sunbaked. There was little vegetation for his fellowman. Selfaggrandizement has increased,

save the stubby growth of salt grass, greasewood, and and community interest and neighborly love have sage that covered the valley, and the few willows correspondingly diminished. Cooperation cannot

and cottonwood trees that stood on the banks of the dwell where there is no union; where the people are

canyon* streams. The scene was most desolate and not one in thought, in purpose, and in desire; where

uninviting. The pioneers attempted to plow, but the each refuses to labor unselfishly in the common interground, unconquered for so many years, refused to est of all; where the love of money and worldly gain

yield to the plowman's share. By diverting the waters is paramount.

of a canyon stream and thoroughly soaking the soil, Let us hope that the ideas and methods so properly they were able to turn the earth and prepare it for the employed by the pioneers and by which communities limited but extremely valuable supply of seed that were made strong and the people benefited and knit they had brought with them. And thus commenced a together shall not pass away. Let us pray that condidetermined battle with the elements under adverse tions will continue to be of such nature that brotherly

conditions, a battle that was to result in the conquerlove and fellowship will continue among us and grow ing of the desert and the beginning of our modern stronger day by day; that we may be one; that we may

system of successful cultivation by irrigation. feel, as Ruth said of old, "Thy people shall be my

Because the pioneers were at that early day isolated people, and thy God my God."( Ruth 1: 16.

by more than one thousand miles from the borders of I am proud of my pioneer heritage. I am proud of

civilization, they were taught by their leaders to protheir record of service and sacrifice. Today we may

duce, as far as possible, all that they consumed, and to seem so far removed from them that their accomplishbe frugal and not wasteful of their substance. This ments sometimes become dim in our minds. We don't

is still excellent counsel. The establishing of home often stop to realize all they went through—hardships,

industries was the text of many a sermon. Following suffering, persecutions—and yet they arrived in the

the advice of President Brigham Young to draw from Great Salt Lake Valley rejoicing.

the native elements the necessities of life, to permit It is my prayer that each of us—those whose heritage

no improper taste to lead them into expensive indulgoes back to the very beginning of the Church as gence, and to "let home industry produce every article well as the newest convert member—may exemplify

of home consumption,"the Saints established many in our lives the characteristics and attributes that made useful and necessary industries, such as woolen mills, the Latterday Saint pioneers great. O

Era, July 1970 3 Portrait ofaProphet A tribute in verse to President Joseph Fielding Smith, who celebrates his 94th birthday on July 19 By President S. Dilworth Young

Of the First Council of the Seventy

Illustrated by Dale Kilbourn Let us think of 1876. The bitter wind,

U. S. Grant was President of the United The storm clouds riding high

States. Upon the Wasatch,

The pioneers were around then, The knock upon the door,

Telling their grandchildren A frantic knocking;Stories of their adventures, The mother's voice—

Their hardships on the journey west. "Joseph, I must have the horse

Salt Lake City was young then. And buggy."

Main Street and Brigham Street And Joseph stumbles half awake

Were ankle deep in mud or dust Into his clothes, wraps

According to the weather. A muffler tight around his neck,

And lights a lantern.

There in a house Then through the snow into the barn

On Second West, home of one of the He goes,

Young apostles in the Church, Its warmth,

A man child was born. Odorous animal warmth,

He was named after his father, A relief from the cold.

Joseph Fielding Smith. The harness hangs upon the wall;

People knew of Joseph Smith. The patient horse, within the stall,

People knew of Mary Fielding, too. Turns her head and looks at him.

Certainly they knew Joseph F. Smith. It isn't anytime at all until

They nodded approbation. He has the harness on and fastened,The name fit! Then the headstall—he has to climb Upon a box to reach her head—

And soon the mother is on her way

To usher in another child on earth.

"I wish they'd wait till morning 'to be born."

jwvi She hears him say.

Young love is sweet love, Altruistic pure love, Flying over mountaintops f Hardly touching earth.

Such new stirrings of the soul:W:H?KK Fill one's whole being.

Horses help In each one's eyes the other has no fault;

To rear a boy to be a man; In each soul the

Remember those cold and wintry nightsSpirit carries forth

The joy of happy constant Would have me go.

Love upon the earth. I'll need some help

To care for my dear wife, Louie.

My love is not in Salt Lake Beside the salten sea, The father:

lives love in OgdenMy true We shall see that Louie she there for waits me.And Will not know wantI cannot go on horseback While you are gone toNor in a carriage plain. England.

I'll court her with a letter And weekly take the train. The son:I'll court her with a letter

And weekly take the train. England! Then thafs where I shall go.

I could have wished to labor where you labored, Father, but this is good.

You went to an island in the Pacific; I shall go to an island

In the Atlantic. Our people came.

From there.

18991901

It is 1899.

The father speaks My son, I've watched you grow to manhood, Clean and pure and strong, Your young faith firm in Knowledge of the Lord.

I am sure your grandfather and

Your uncle Joseph are rejoicing,

March 1908 In the paradise of God, that you

Are standing true Here in my lonely, empty house

To what you know to be the truth. I sit and ponder what to do,

The time has come for you A child upon each knee

Togo Held tightly to my breast.

Into the world to preach Their mother fair has

The gospel of the restoration. Gone to paradise.

I went when I was fifteen years of age. I am left bereft.

Ten years of happy joyous life

The son: To be continued after death.

I am glad to go Lord, these are my kingdom,

Wherever the Lord These I hold close to my heart.

Era, July 1970 5 Lead thou the way from here. 1910

May I have strength and wisdom

And thy spirit to impart to me One day in early April, 1910,

What I shall do. Joseph Fielding Smith was called

These children small are now Into the office of the President of the

Without a mother. Church.

Give me the strength and his father,Wisdom to find My son, said

For them another. We have watched you as you have

Given service to the Lord.

And now, my son, the Lord wants you

To be one of his twelve witnesses

To bear the truth to all the world.

I cannot tell in words the satisfaction

This gives me.

You bear my name; I've kept it clean and

pure Before the Lord, And you have too.

My son! My son!

You too will serve the Church,

Will sit in council And teach the people truth, God's truth.

You honor me, your father, And now the Lord has honored you.

Ethel, I know that you are 1937

Choice before the Lord. The years of children's

I stand in need as I have never Lilting laughter nearly passed.

Stood before. Three boys remain at home,My children in their tender years The youngest ten—and then,

Have lost their mother. The mother, gone to be withNo wifely step is echoing on the floor. Those in paradise—

I hear the prayer of Josephine And who can know the feelings

At night and tuck her in Of this man, again bereft?

And help Julina say her prayer Those years of rearing these,

To God, God given: Each problem

But my hands do not have a woman's Solved as each one has arisen.

Gentle touch, To rear a family true to truth.

Nor can I give them womanly advice.

I do not offer you the love that comes with Can you hear the singing, Joseph?

youth, The rich voice singing songs of praise?

But I can offer love of truth, Hear the singing,

And love of Christ, Hear the voice, Joseph.

And honesty and humble trust, The deep contralto in the choir,

And love that goes beyond this life, Carrying feeling higher, higher:

The pure love "He who has clean hands and a pure heart,

With which the Lord would have us Who has not lifted up his soul unto vanity,Bound into one, eternally. Nor sworn deceitfully"—

That is your creed, Joseph. And greatgrandchildren,

That is what you believe. And greatgreat-grandchildren,

That is what you've tried to be. Then he has prospered well.

Look to Jessie. If serving of the Lord

She will fill your home with With all one's heart, and all one's mind

Music and with laughter And all one's strength, is the true measure,

And with happiness. He has no fear of God's just measurement.

If by the written word defending Joseph

Smith, And teaching truth, We are to judge, Then here are books and written words

As with a golden pen engraven In our hearts forever more.

Who has been obedient more than he to that injunction From the Lord That every man once warned, Should warn his neighbor?

For sixty years the witness Has been borne By ox cart, team, steam engine, and by air—

He has spanned the age of industry.

19U2 A telegram arrives:

The Adjutant General Regrets to inform you That your son, Corporal Lewis Smith.... No more is read,—there is no need for more.

What they have dreaded, tried not to imagine Has come to pass.

There is no way to take part in this tragedy. It is too far distant—The mind fills with numbness—

How did it happen?

Did he suffer much?

Was it sudden, or lingering? There is no answer—

this day A Lord Onemistake—butwonders if there could have been WeThe praiseservant of the

There is no mistake! With our sustaining vote

He was a good son. And voice.

He gave his life for his country. With all our hearts and

Souls we give our love And our support—to him, 1970 The tenth to lead the Church

And so the years fly by. On its great journey to its destiny.

If children are the measure of success, Yea, a prophet, and a seer,

And grandchildren, And a revelator.

Era, July 1970 7 Three new publications—one for

adults, one for youth, and one for children—will be published by the

Church beginning in January 1971, according to a recent announcement by the First Presidency. The new

magazines will unify the present

Improvement Era, Instructor, Relief Society Magazine, Children's

Friend, and Impact (a quarterly publication of the seminaries and institutes). To be published under

the direct supervision of the First

Presidency and the Council of the

Twelve, they will be official organs of communication from the Church to its members.

This important change in the publications will bring them into harmony with the Church Correlation Program and will enable them to serve better the interests and needs of the people of the Church.

The underlying purposes of the magazines, as set forth by the First

Presidency, will be:

1. To strengthen the faith of

Church members.

2. To promulgate the truths of

the restored gospel.

3. To keep members abreast of

current and vital Church policies, programs, and happenings.

The plan calls for the establishment of a new 48page magazine for the youth, who have never before been served exclusively by such a publication. It is planned that the

adult magazine will contain at least 96 pages of editorial matter of a general nature, as well as teaching and leadership helps and articles of special interest to the priesthood and to the women of the Church.

The new publications will not contain lessons, visual aids, or supplementary material for auxiliary organizations. Such items will be

provided through regular lesson manuals, supplements, and teaching aid kits.

Names and staffs of the new magazines will be selected in the near future.

The proposal to unify the Church paper, labor, postage, ink, and all pon is not returned, your subscripmagazines has been under intensive other materials and services, yearly tion will automatically be transconsideration for the past year and subscriptions to the Era and Inferred to the new adult magazine.

a half. Members of the committee structor were increased to $4.00 on 4. The subscription rate for the

appointed to consider the changes June 1. The cost of the children's new youth magazine will be $3.00

were President Spencer W. Kimball magazine will be increased to $3.00 a year, with the first issue bearing

of the Council of the Twelve, chair- a year starting with the January the date of January 1971. Subscripman; Elder Howard W. Hunter of 1971 issue. tions to this fine new magazine may

the Council of the Twelve; and 2. The subscription lists of the be sent to COMO anytime. ChilDoyle L. Green, director of the Era and the Instructor will form dren's Friend subscriptions may be

Church Publications Department. the basis of the mailing list for the renewed for not more than one

The announcement of the First new adult magazine. Subscription year at the current rate of $2.50 a

Presidency stated that Brother credits remaining after the first of year. After January 1, 1971, the

Green, editor of the Improvement 1971 will automatically be transprice will be $3.00 a year.

Era for more than twenty years, has ferred to the new adult magazine, Beginning immediately, the Rebeen named executive editor of the unless the subscriber requests a lief Society will sell or renew submagazines. Verl F. Scott, business cash refund for the unused part of scriptions to their magazine to exmanager of the Era and coordinator his subscription. If a subscriber now tend only to the December 1970

of the nonEnglish-language unified takes both the Era and the Instrucissue.

magazine, has been named business tor, his subscription credits for 6. Those wanting to subscribe to

manager of the new magazines, these two magazines will be comthe Instructor for the remainder of with A. Glen Snarr, circulation bined, and he will receive the new 1970—or to renew subscriptions in

manager of the Era and chairman adult magazine for the total numorder to receive the balance of this of the Central Office of Magazine ber of months remaining beyond year's Instructors only—will need to

Operations committee, as circulathe December 1970 issues of those do so not later than September I, tion director. The current magamagazines. 1970. After that, the Instructor files

zines will continue publication 3. If a subscriber desires a cash must be closed to merge the subthrough the December issues. refund of the balance of his subscriptions into those of the Era.

The following is an outline of scription credits beyond the first of These subscriptions may be obgeneral procedures for handling the 1971, he may so specify by sendtained at the price of $4.00 a year,

subscriptions of present subscribers ing the attached coupon to COMO, with the balance remaining after to the publications and those who 79 South State Street, Salt Lake January 1 to be applied to the new will subscribe in the months ahead City, Utah 84111. Refund requests adult magazine, or they may be

should be sent to COMO as soon made for the balance of 1970 at the 1. Because of increased costs for as possible. Remember, if the courate of 35c a month. o

The Irriprovement Era Refund Coupon

1 Since 1 do not desire to apply my Improvement maining credit balance to me. (Send coupon to

Era subscription credits to the adult magazine COMO, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah after December 1970, please refund the re84111.)

Namp Ward

Artdmss Stal<P

j City State Zip i DO NOT WRITE IN THE SPACE BELOW

Please attach here mailing label from your last magazine.

Era, July 1970 9 WESTERN EXPANSION TRAILS

in Colonization the FarWest Mormon "S V Dr. T. Edgar Lyon, By J

The 1820s through 1840s were eventful years in try. When it appeared that it was the "manifest

United States history. During these years, vast destiny"of the United States to acquire this western

stretches of prairies and plains west of the Mississippi, domain, the restless elements of American society, the Rocky Mountains, the semiarid deserts of the the landpoor, those who desired to become great

West and Southwest, and the Pacific Coast were cattle and sheep barons, and venturesome industrialsettled by hardy and venturesome pioneers. The ists took advantage of the expanding boundaries to

occupation of these lands gave the United States exploit the land according to their plans.

possession of the entire TransMississippi West and the In time, four major routes of travel emerged, over

Pacific Coast from Mexico to Canada. To secure this which flowed the thousands of pioneers who set out

land, there had to be permanent settlers living there. to conquer the Far West. These four routes have been

Mormons made a definite contribution to this "winning designated by the National Park Service as the arterial of the West."trails by which the West was filled with settlers. The

Fur trappers and traders, following Indian and earliest of these, the Santa Fe Trail, extended from buffalo trails, had earlier scoured the largely uncharted Independence, and later from Westport and St. Joseph,

wildernesses and returned with reports of virgin counall in Missouri, and still later from Fort Leavenworth,

This is claimed to be one of the earliest photographs of Salt Lake

City, photographed by Marsena Cannon, apparently in the 1860s.

Kansas, to Santa Fe, New Mexico. Ultimately, the

trail was extended through to California. This trail

was important because of its economic worth, but the least important from the standpoint of the number of permanent settlers who followed it.

The Oregon Trail, next in chronological sequence, started from the same general geographical centers, but pushed northwestward through Kansas to the

Platte River Valley (Nebraska). The trail then followed the Platte's north branch to the Sweetwater

(Wyoming), which was then followed westward in

Wyoming through South Pass. The trail continued Laying the cornerstone for the Cardston Temple. The photograph,

down the Green River, to the Bear River, and then to taken September 19, 1915, shows Elder David 0. McKay speaking.

the Snake River (Idaho), which was usually crossed at old Fort Hall in southeastern Idaho, and then followed to the Oregon settlements.

The California Trail traversed the same route to the vicinity of Fort Hall, where it turned southwestward, passing through northern Utah and Nevada, over the Sierras by various passes, and into the fertile valleys of the American and Sacramento rivers of upper California.

Last of the four chronologically, the Mormon Trail really started at Nauvoo, Illinois, and crossed Iowa to the old Council Bluffs military site. The Missouri

River was crossed, and Winter Quarters, near present

Florence, Nebraska (a northern suburb of Omaha), Old photograph of Colonia Juarez, Mexico, one of a haltdozen became the outfitting place for the earliest Church settlements established in Mexico by the Saints in about 1890.

wagon trains. They remained on the north side of the

Platte River (the route followed today by the railroads ) until they reached old Fort Laramie, Wyoming.

There the river was crossed and the pioneers joined the OregonCalifornia route to the Green River Valley in Wyoming. At Fort Bridger, Wyoming, the Mormon

Trail left the wellestablished trails to the West Coast, took a southwesterly direction across the Wasatch range of mountains, and entered Salt Lake Valley. A

report made by the United States National Park

Service, as a result of its surveys, indicated that the

Mormon migration and settlement of the Great Basin

Dr. T. Edgar Lyon is a gifted teacher, researcher, and

writer who has long been associated with the Institute of Religion adjacent to the University of Utah campus.

A former Netherlands mission president, he is research scholar for Nauvoo Restoration, Inc. An early photograph of Orderville, Utah, one of 349 colonies

founded during the administration of President Brigham Young.

Era, July 1970 1 stood out as one of the most positive factors in carryAs the Latterday Saint pioneers commenced to ing American civilization to the Intermountain and settle the Salt Lake Valley in 1847, Brigham Young

Pacific Coast areas. It concluded: envisioned something far greater than his people

"... The movement of the Mormons to the valley occupying but one mountain valley—even if he had

of the Great Salt Lake was one of the most dramatic been able to find one large enough to accommodate events in the history of American westward expansion. them all. He had been greatly impressed by the

With the Mormon migrations, not only the motivation sociological ideas of the Prophet Joseph Smith as of westward movement shifted, but the character of manifested in the Prophet's concepts of city planning.

the emigrant also changed. No longer were the migraPresident Young was convinced that an ideal comtions composed solely of an agrarian people, but shopmunity need not be a large city. A group of approxikeepers, artisans, mechanics, and skilled persons of all mately 10,000 people in the midnineteenth century

types made the trek. The economic motive, so domiwould be large enough to provide good schools,

nant among the earlier emigrants, gave way to the wholesome recreation in the form of musical groups, desire to worship in peace and to live in isolation ballroom dancing, and theatricals, high quality church from those who would deny this right."activities with member participation to a high degree,

tifliifwWf**"$* t - 1::

Looking north from the Mormonfounded Canadian community of Rare photograph taken about 1900 shows entourage of Buffalo Bill

Raymond. Mormon colonists poured into Alberta about 1890. (William Cody) when he toured Mormon towns in Rocky Mountains.

adequate medical services, and literary creativity, and small group of men as leaders of a colony, giving them yet retain a feeling of social intimacy that would be a commission to recruit others to join them in the a curb to delinquency and gangsterism. In such a settlement of a certain area. In a third pattern, somecommunity one's personal feeling of being almost one who had perhaps located what appeared to him

anonymous, which is characteristic of large cities and to be a desirable site for a settlement would ask which makes people become impersonal toward the President Young's approval for the project. If the

needs and obligations of the society in which they live, project appeared favorable, he gave it both his would be avoided. Brigham Young would have preapproval and blessing and authorized the leader to

ferred to have ten cities of 10,000 each, rather than. seek capable men who were willing to join him in the

100,000 members of the Church residing in one venture. Through utilization of these three techniques

community. between 1847 and 1877, 349 colonies were established. 1

As inquisitive pioneers commenced to explore the The majority of these colonies were established on valleys adjacent to the Great Salt Lake, Brigham streams emerging from the Wasatch Mountains of

Young requested them to report to him suitable sites Utah, Idaho, and Wyoming, the Rio Virgin, Little for further settlements. These reports were to include Colorado, and other tributaries of the Colorado in

the fertility of the soil, evidence from wild vegetation Utah, Nevada, and Arizona, and the Salt River Valley that grain and forage crops would mature, and an of Arizona.

adequate water supply for irrigation and culinary A strategic element is also evident in the selection purposes. He knew it would be useless to attempt to of some of the sites for colonies. Brigham Young decolonize in valleys where the streams ceased to flow sired to ring the "heartland of Zion"with an outer

in midsummer. He also organized exploring parties circle of settlements, which were to serve two purto make extensive investigation of potential sites for poses. First, it was hoped they would assist in Chriscolonies. tianizing the Indians and in fellowshiping them so the

From such reports, President Young planned settletwo peoples could live in peace. The second reason

ments in many parts of the Intermountain West. was to secure a prior claim on outlying lands, hoping

Strategic factors also motivated him in his decisions. to save them for the Saints who would come from all

He desired to have a settlement on every stream large over the world to settle "where none shall come to hurt enough to provide the source for a permanent agrior make afraid."The settlement of Fort Supply in

cultural community. By doing this, the Saints would southwestern Wyoming and other settlements in the

preempt the water rights, making it impossible for Green River drainage, Fort Lemhi on the Salmon others to settle in their midst and create the dissenRiver in Idaho and near the Montana border, and sions that had plagued them prior to coming to the Genoa (Mormon Station) near Lake Tahoe, Nevada,

Rocky Mountains. were part of this plan. Likewise, the Las Vegas and

Brigham Young followed three general patterns in San Bernardino settlements were part of a "Mormon his farflung colonizing efforts. As President of the

pp. 361- ( 1940),

settlements.Church, he gave some members direct calls to coloniz67.l MiltonThree mapsR. Hunter,indicateBrighamthe locationYoung ofthetheseColonizernumerous

successful, these however. drouth, were not because Some failed

opposition,ing missions, just as other members might be called on ofIndian All national their political developments and madeproselyting missions. At other times he would call a tinuance imdesirable or impossible. conEra, July 1970 13

Corridor"that envisioned San Pedro, south of Los Uintah and Duchesne valleys in eastern Utah begin in

Angeles, as a seaport for the "State of Deseret."This earnest. The southeastern section of Utah—San Juan

string of communities was also to provide way stations County—had never appeared attractive to settlers, but

for supplies and draft animals for migrating Saints in 1880 President Taylor authorized the settlement of coming into the Great Basin or adjoining areas after a group from older communities in Utah to establish the snows of winter had closed the overland route the city of Bluff, which they did after a most trying through the Rocky Mountains. It would also provide journey. In the 1880s the Upper Snake River Valley

a route to bring dormant nursery stock into Utah from of southeastern Idaho became the site of Mormon

California for spring planting, when it was hazardous colonies northward from Fort Hall to beyond Rexburg.

to attempt such importations through the blizzards and Extending from the closing years of President Taycold of the Rocky Mountains. lor's administration and into that of President WoodThe prominence of Brigham Young in directing the ruff, Mormon landseekers established settlements

colonizing of the Far West was so great that it has in several areas of New Mexico, the major locales in overshadowed the work of John Taylor. He was faced the upper northwest corner of that state, the San Luis

with a somewhat different problem when he sucValley of southern Colorado, and the Lower Snake ceeded President Young. It had been 30 years since River Valley in the vicinity of Twin Falls, Oakley,

the Mormons had first settled in Salt Lake Valley. and Burley. Colonies were likewise established in the

Thousands of Saints, converts from Canada and the Canadian province of Alberta, centering in Cardston,

United States, as well as from the British Isles and but expanding widely from that center. Mormon

the continent of Europe, had made homes in many colonists secured land in the northern provinces of

Mormon colonies. Thousands of nativeborn children northern Mexico and founded more than a halfdozen

of the early pioneers had been born and reared flourishing settlements. The Big Horn Basin of northin the valleys of the mountains. They were of age central Wyoming likewise beckoned for settlers, and

to secure farms of their own, but the farms were Mormon settlers moved there and assisted in estabnot capable of further division, nor could the water lishing several communities. To Mormon colonists

supply be increased. These landhungry youths knew seeking new land for settlements, several areas of

agriculture and livestock raising and wanted to estabnortheastern Oregon appeared attractive, so a number lish themselves economically by pioneering as their of communities were established there.

parents had done. The Homestead Law of 1862, with During the last two decades of the nineteenth cenits later amendments, made it possible for a person to tury, two members of the Council of the Twelve

secure 160 acres of land almost free. But where could Apostles, John Henry Smith and John W. Taylor,

these free lands be found? The solution was to find played an important part in directing the settlement

new areas of settlement, farther removed from the of new lands by younger Mormon families. They

older settlements of the first pioneering generation. were active in the development of the Canadian, MexiUnder President Taylor's administration, Mormon can, and Big Horn Basin settlements of Wyoming.

colonists moved into the Gila River Valley of southGradually the Mormon knowledge of irrigation and eastern Arizona in 1877. The following year Mormon dry farming on semiarid lands became known. These

colonists, mostly from Utah settlements, commenced two men played an important part in the development in earnest to settle in the Salt River Valley of the same of national organizations to make available the possistate, with Mesa emerging as the principal community. bilities of such methods of farming. President George

That same year, a group composed of Utah people Albert Smith, the son of John Henry Smith, continued and converts from the Southern States commenced to the work of his father. During and after World War I

colonize the Conejos River Valley in southern Colorado. he served as a member of the board and later as presiGroups from the older Utah settlements settled in dent of the International Irrigation Congress and the

Star Valley of southwestern Wyoming and southInternational Dry Farming Congress. When these were

eastern Idaho, making Afton, Wyoming, their ecclesicombined into the International Irrigation and Dry astical center. In 1879 other Mormon landseekers Farming Congress, George Albert Smith served as its

occupied lands along the Bear River in Oneida County, first president. This honor was indicative of the

southern Idaho. Colonies then spread farther north experimental work done by Mormon pioneers as they

through the Portneuf Valley of Idaho. During that wrested a living from the western lands, and the

year and the next, there were migrations of Mormons leadership that they had given to make it possible for from Utah into Lincoln County in southeastern thousands of farmers and ranchers to succeed where

Nevada. The year 1879 also saw the settlements of the eastern agriculturists had predicted failure. O

14 Era, July 1970 ANNOUNCING OUR NEW STORE -:.:::---: HBHgnMnHHHBHHBnBHBHBttiHK

DESERET BOOK

PENINGVALLEY FAIR MALL

JULY 27, 1970 3601 South 2700 West - Granger, Utah

Grand Opening Specials for all ages 1. SWEET SIOUX COLORING BOOK It'sInformationa book likeaboutthey'veour nevertopsy seenturvy before.world, Reg. $1.00 - Now 50c related to youth problems, but not preachy.

adventurous to color love each Youngsters the events of the 4. WAKE UP AND LIVE follow as theypage

charming little Indian girl called Sioux. Robert L. Rice Reg. $3.50—NOW $1.75

built a a has by book A unique who man 2. A OF THE MAKING PROPHET of health chain spas. Bishop successful BookSalt Lake Mall - Cottonwood in a of secrets sound presents.49 Rice body R. $1 Curtis Reg.Lindsay $2.95—NOW

Fair Valley Mall offers a valupicture both and word and California Orange, life of that relives early the the book A for fitness physical able program women.

vivid Smith. desProphet Joseph The word

criptions and graphic illustrations appeal 5. THE SPIRIT OF THE OLD TESTAMENT ORDER FROM DESERET BOOK COMPANY

to the youth.

Dr. Sidney B. Sperry Reg. $4.95—NOW $2.49 444OR 777EastSo.SouthMain,Temple,Town &SaltCountry,Lake City,Orange,UtahCalif.8411092668

3. WHAT'S UP? A valuable study of the religious and deDr. Glen C. Griffin & Dr. Lynn E. Johnson votional aspects of the Old Testament in a Please send me items circled: 12 3 4 5

revised and enlarged edition. This book will

$2.95 $1.49 include Reg. This cost must 25c - Now $ fill the void in LDS publications on the Old Total

ordered handling book and postage for the first and Testament. This appeal to teens. has book had instant

15c for each additional book ordered in the same shipment. Also include 4%% sales tax from Utah residents

ordering from Salt Lake, or 5% sales tax from Caliby: fornia Paid residents ordering Orange. from SPECIALS MAIL PARTY FRIENDS FOR ORDER AUTOGRAPH OPENINGGRAND

or established order, charge check, money ribbon store will be opened with The new prices listed The special account. on the books

guests by prominentcutting ceremonies enjoyed be above can by our mail order party a daylong autographand with well feafriends as attending as those the Name of Deseret authors Bookturing numerous celebration. special prices opening Address These

willpublications. autograph authors These will effect for mail be in orders post marked City at of their thecopies for customers books 1st, or before by midnight August 1970. State Zipnew store.

July 1970 Era In January 1846, Brigham Young sought U.S. governfamilies began the march July 16, 1846, and 347 men

ment aid to help the Saints migrate west. In June he and five women arrived in San Diego January 29, 1847.

received an opportunity to enlist 500 Mormon men in At the end of their tour of duty, some of the men rethe war with Mexico. The socalled Mormon Battalion enlisted, while others went northward and cut a wagon

gave the Saints needed money and U.S. governmental path across the Sierras, reaching Salt Lake Valley two

permission to establish temporary residence and stopmonths after Brigham Young. A few stayed to work,

ping places across the plains. The Battalion marched such as the nine Mormon men at Sutter's Mill who in

—and at times blazed the trail—from Council Bluffs, January 1848 helped find the gold that was to turn

Iowa, to San Diego, California, and in 197 days comthe world's eyes toward California. This painting, by

pleted what has been termed the greatest infantry Dale Kilbourn, is one of several on the Mormon Batmarch in history. It was a march of approximately talion theme to be used by the Church at visitors cen-

2,000 miles. Some 500 men and more than a dozen ters at Mount Pisgah, Iowa, and Oakland, California.

16 Era, July 1970.

llierd and thi *Witne8s

By Reid E. Bankhead and Glenn L. Pearson

What is the true mission of the Book of Mormon:

Recording a history of ancient America?

Providing ethical lessons?

Proving the Bible divine?

The Word and the Witness forthrightly proclaims the principal purpose—to bring people to Christ.

Some Book of Mormon features this book emphasizes:

Written for our time Solves twentiethcentury problems

For the whole world Has message for each person individually

The great "finder"in missionary work

The compelling witness for Christ

Gives answer to "We need no more Bible"

Reader, not the book, is on trial

Book of Mormon's relationship to Bible

How to bring nonmembers to baptism

AVAILABLE AT BOOKCRAFT DEALERS EVERYWHERE

of of the himself is the Book author... God MorIdeal 7-70

it the contains, gave and ideas mon. He inspired

Pratt)... (Orson the and Urim by them Thummim

is stop the There on earth that can power no Book for forPleasewhichsendI enclosethe book check"The Wordor moneyand theorderWitness,"in the of Mormon, because it is the word of God, and the amount of $ (Residents of Utah doctrines of Jesus Christ... (George Q. Cannon) classroom add 4Vi% sales tax).

inspiration of the bears mark The Book of Mormon Name carries conviction to end, and beginning from to and BOOKCRAFT

... F. soul Smith) every honesthearted (Joseph 1848 West 2300 South Address...

research the grand, the great, the The Mormon is Book of City P.O. Box 268

.. have that missionary powerful we most

State, Zip. Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

J. Grant) (Heber purposes!

J. J.......;.,;,........:..;...... '.':". -...,;-

It's where the real performance experts take their cars.

The people who can't afford to fool It gets to the point where a woman does every thing you'd expect of aaround. Women. to half seems spend her waking highperformancepremiumgasoline

Women depend on their cars. To hours behind the wheel of her car. andthensome.That'swhywecall

get their husbands to the 8:15. And And while she's there, she wants it the Performance Stop.

performance. That'sthe Phillips kids to where school. And themselves And that's why you see so many in. comesto the supermarket. the And real performance experts there.cleaners. the bank. And And Phillips, the At the gets kind of a woman

department stores. And'* here and high performance products that

there and everywhere. can keep well. her car running Like At Phillips 66 Phillips TropArtic Oil, its Motor with

it's performance exclusive detergent additive. And

that counts. Phillips FliteFuel Gasoline, which

I

He wants me to pray with him. If he were only a

Prayer girl, I thought. It would be much easier. But he isA Moment of your brother, something told me. And right now he

With a Soldier needsMy tohandspray pressedwith someoneon thewhokeyboardshares hisas ifbeliefs!to drown

clear,By Carla Sansom out my doubts. The young man joined in a

beautiful tenor voice: "Nearer my God to thee."He

moved onto the bench and sat close to me. Slowly

I was alone, sitting on the organ bench in a wartorn my reservations melted away. We sang through all

building that we used as a chapel in Hamburg, Gerthe verses. "Soil dock trotz Kreuz und Fein, dies

many, practicing the hymn "Nearer My God To meine Losung sein; naher mein Gott zu dir, naher

Thee."A good third of the roof had been demolished zu Dir..."I noticed a tear in his eye.

by the detonation of exploding bombs, so that it hung "Have you ever been afraid of death?"he asked.

in shreds on one side with a big hole over the assembly "No,"I said.

hall. But it was the only Gemeindehaus left in which "I know I am going to die soon in the battlefield,"

members of the Church could meet. And there was he went on.

much gratitude for that. "Oh, that's not so. You're just battle weary, and

It was late in the year 1944. Germany had already tremendously exhausted. Naturally these thoughts

had unendurable losses; yet regiments were put tocome to you."I felt extremely helpless.

gether and shifted eastward to stall the tempest of the He paused for a long time. Then he slid from the

invading Russian armies. organ bench and knelt down. "Please..."He moThe beautiful gold of late afternoon sunlight lay tioned for me to join.

on the keyboard as my hands toyed with the keys. I knelt beside him. Then the soldier began to pour

Many dissonant sounds from the outside came through out his heart to God. He told him how much he loved

the hole in the ceiling—the harbor; the railroad station; him, and what the gospel meant to him. He menthe hustle and busde of busy streets. But I knew that tioned the great comfort he had always received while

God was near; I had felt his peace so many times. in the battlefield, but that now his heart was heavy for

As my mind elaborated on these thoughts, a loud he felt that his time on this earth was soon going to knock came to the outside door, then another; then a come to an end. He wanted to live so very much to be

rattle. I sensed the urgency of such a knock and has- a teacher of truth and right; yet if it were the will of

tened to open the door. There before me stood a young the Lord, he was willing to die, for he knew that

lieutenant in combat uniform, whom I had never seqn there was also work to be done on the other side.

before. As I looked into his intelligent but tired face, My eyes were heavy with tears, and then it was

the stranger said, "Excuse me, please. I heard an my rum to talk to Heavenly Father. I had completely

organ being played... I am Lieutenant Schwartz—forgotten that this man was a stranger. It was easy to

mean Brother Hans Schwartz from Vienna."He held lay my whole heart open as he did, and I couldn't help

out a slender, weatherexposed hand. "You are Latterbut feel the presence of heavenly beings. After the

day Saint, aren't you?""amen,"I looked into the soldier's face.

I nodded. "God bless you, sister,'';, he said, reaching for my

"Our regiment is changing trains at the railroad hand. "It will all be much easier now."

station, and as I stood on the platform I heard that I never saw this young man again. But wherever

beautiful familiar hymn. I followed the sound and it he is, I know he is close to God.

led me to this building."This experience taught me the true value of the

But that's impossible! was my first thought. The Savior's teaching, "Suffer little children to come unto

railroad station is three full blocks away, and with all me, for of such is the kingdom of heaven."In order to

the noise! be a neighbor, and to be of one heart as a human

"You can't know how happy it makes me to find family, it is so important that we give of ourselves this place,"he went on. "We leave in an hour, and I as children do. We must work on our attitudes and

needed to pray."He paused, then looked into my make use of the tools that build bridges from one

eyes. "May I ask you to pray with me?"man's heart to another's. O

For a moment I was stunned. I invited him into the Carla Sansom, of the Pacific Palisades (California) Ward,

chapel. I needed a little time. Again I sat at the grew up in Hamburg, Germany, where she witnessed the

organ, and began to play the familiar tune. events of World War II. She now has a son serving in

The soldier sat on a stairway, his eyes closed. the West German Mission.

Era, July 1970 19 A rear view of the home of Brigham Young Federaliststyle home of Wilford Woodruff

Blacksmith and bellows at the Webb shop Restoration work on Webb Blacksmith Shop

If the directors of Nauvoo Restohope than fact in describing its city beautiful, one of the most ration have their way, the next time business environment. The then heralded communities west of the

you travel through midAmerica, mosquitoinfested, swampy bend in Alleghenies.

you will route—even reroute—your the Mississippi River was simply Then on June 27, 1844, it became

trip through Nauvoo, Illinois, "the one of a hundred small towns a city of tragedy. Its foundercity beautiful."struggling for an identity on the prophet, Joseph Smith, Jr., had

Indeed, if the traveler knew what outposts of the American frontier. been martyred in nearby Carthage.

was there, he would not miss an Across the river were Indians, few With the departure of the Saints oportunity to visit and revisit Nauof the amenities of American in 1846, on the first leg of their voo, known also as "the city of civilization, and territories still famous trek to the Rocky MounJoseph."The city has had several claimed by foreign governments. tains, Nauvoo became once more

images as well as names in its A year later, in 1839, Commerce a quiet, unnoticed, small Mississippi illustrious past. Before the Morbecame Nauvoo—a city of refuge River town with dusty streets.

mons arrived in 1838, it was called for Latterday Saints expelled from But today it is once again on the

Commerce, a name reflecting more Missouri. For five years it was a move. Its former 11,000 Mormon

once knew the sturdy step of BrigMormon in the 1840s, and why the ham Young, the steps of the Pratt Church meant so much to its membrothers—Parley and Orson—and bers, many of whom had already

the lively walk of Emma Smith, been driven out of Ohio and MisEliza B. Snow, and a hundred other souri because of their beliefs.

famous earlyday Latterday Saints Thousands of visitors have said who crowded the streets, buying that they have received new inand shopping from their town's sights, deeper appreciation, and a shops and homemade industries. renewed testimony concerning the

Days were often interrupted by early days of the Church and its the whistling toots of river boats teachings as they have peeked sliding in for a landing. Many boats through the windows of the past

carried new converts, many of and relived vicariously the events whom had left home and family and style of another era.

If "For the first time in my life,''Progress to join "the city of the Saints."A he landed on the right day, the new said one visitor, "I understand what

resident might see the Nauvoo it was like to have lived at the time

Legion in parade or practice, their of Joseph Smith. The few isolatedReport

By Jay M. Todd guns and swords glistening in the facts of Church history that were

Assistant Managing Editor sunlight. A brass band might be in my mind and the knowledge of

heard in the distance, setting a good the Prophet's doctrinal teachings pace for the marchers as well as suddenly fit together into a clearly getting in a practice session before and easily understandable picture.

an evening dance in one of the Visiting Nauvoo has been perhaps town's social centers. As he strode the greatest experience in my life,

up the streets, the new resident in terms of understanding my own would find shops, stores, and Church's history."

homes, many newly completed and On approximately 1,000 acres—

others still under construction. an area that once formed the major

There were blacksmiths, bakers, portion of Nauvoo—the Nauvoo

carpenters, coopers (barrel makBestoration Society has been steaders), gunsmiths, iron makers, brick ily pursuing its goal to restore about makers, woodcutters, shoemakers, forty homes and shops of the silversmiths, painters, printers, original Nauvoo. (Nauvoo Bestoraweavers, rope walkers (rope maktion is a nonprofit corporation

ers), candlers, wagon makers, sponsored by the Church.) The

The kitchen in the eightroom Woodruff home wheelwrights, and merchants of all following steps have already been varieties. Nauvoo was a city on completed:

inhabitants cannot return, nor can the go, full of life and spirit, and—Cleaning up of nearly three

its destroyed Nauvoo Temple. Also it had a zest unequalled anywhere miles of Mississippi Biver frontage,

lost is its importance as the center on the American frontier. clearing away unsightly willows

of the Church, a role that gave it Today, all of this is being meticuand foliage of a more recent vintage great prominence and a steady inlously and accurately restored to in order to create the beautiful flow of converts from England, create a historically authentic physimajestic river view known to the

Canada, and many parts of Amercal environment so that the visitor Saints in the 1840s.

ica, each one eager to see a tall, can walk through the pages of—Beopening of the stone quarry

muscular man whom they all knew history, sample the spirit of the down near the river's edge, from as the Prophet—Joseph Smith, Jr. times, taste the food, examine which site much of the stone was

However, the streets are again closely the homes, clothes, work taken to build the Nauvoo Temple full, this time with tourists. Last habits, and style of life of the and other buildings in town.

year 139,000 of them came. They period. While doing so, it is hoped—Cultivation of 150 acres on the

came to step back into the pages of that the visitor will also come to western slopes of the city. Crops

history, to walk down streets that understand what it meant to be a cultivated by Saints included corn,

Era, July 1970 21 Would you hay,Cattle barley,and horsesoats,dot theandlandscapewheat.

... well, maybe not at and help to create the pastoral

like to collectors costs, but now scene of early Nauvoo.

just when you $4.95 have an foran authentic reproduction—Placing underground near the river all power lines in order to

the L D S Books Join Club. (Regularly $8.95) further create the environment

1830 Thisreproductionfine photomechanicalmeasures known—Restoringin the 1840s.and furnishing of

precisely the same in all several homes in a similar manoriginal, and even the dents, such as the Heber C. Kimball "FIRST respects as did the ner known to their original resibinding closely home.

of binding eather the Seasons printing office, where the

Its EDITION'approximatesfirst the origina—Restoration of the Times and edition. message

Church newspaper and many books and text is exactly as it

of—Completion the archaeologfirst selection your from Book of first appeared. Choose and publications were printed. ical work on the Nauvoo Temple of this list choice books,

and get this treasured to determine its floor plans.

ink with the past.—Extensive general historical and Mormon?

archaeological work on other homes and shop sections throughout the

city.

However, the 1970 summer season will feature many new features available to the visitor:

2. SUCCESSION 1. The Wilford Woodruff home. 1. MIRACLE THE DOCTRINES

IN THE CHURCH FORGIVENESS 3.OF THE FROM in this beautiful May, C. PROPHETS By Reed W. Dedicated Spencer By

Jr. Durham. Kimball P. Burton Alma By twostory, eightroom, Federalist- H. Heath Steven & (comp.) $4.95

$5.95 $3.25 style home with its openhearth fires

was the home of the fourth President of the Church. Wilford Wood-

6. THE ruff was perhaps the most faithful

DISCOURSES 5. THE 4. THE diarist THREE all early WILFORD OF of among members iW & CHALLENGE INFINITIES WOODRUFF oocbi CHOICE THE the diary Church. that notes His Sterling By Selected and

Richard By Sill W. arranged and >! his Vetterli bricks, contained house 14,574 by Homer $3.95

$3.95 DurhamG. for $88.65. roof he which paid The

$3.95 cost $12.00, and the cornice and

gutters to carry the rainwater to the cistern cost $29.00. well Nauvoo MORMON GOD. 7. TO 8. WAY THE MAN, 9.DOCTRINE is so water highly suffused with THE AND PEACE

Bruce R. By UNIVERSE

E. Mark By it lime that leaves clothes a with McConkie By Hyrum Petersen

$3.95 L. Andrus $6.95 grayish hue; hence, nearly every

$5.95 house had a cistern to hold clear, soft rainwater.

2. Enroll a as Club and Books member LDS me Farr The Winslow special home. Please bonus, send as membership my

I to agree reviews. monthly hereby send me authentic Edithe of "First reproduction the

selecof Club regular a for purchase 4 minimum Scheduled viewing by tourists of tion"Also at $4.95. send Book Mormon the tions or alternates during next 12 the months circled first regular book(s) following as my in this at price. the regular advertised book (Premium 1970, twoapartment, Greek selection Club Books LDS

regular joining qualify Club not for a as does alternate.) or selection at any Revivalstyle house has a steep, may resign Check123456789or money order in the amount of $4.95 For each 4 time after purchasing 4I books.

I accept for savingsI will receiveof approximatelya valuable bonus20%. twisting stairway to the upper plusmy$ first Club selectionis enclosedand bonusas paymentbook. booksbook free—a

floor. Here lived Winslow Farr,

7-70 NAME.

Vermont native and a descendant

LDS BOOKS CLUB, INC. ADDRESS.

P.O. Box 400 CITY STATE ZIP

Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 (Good only In U.S. and Canada. Residents of.Utah add 4'/2% sales tax).

22 Era, July 1970.

is Saving a gas A gas called Conoco. At

Conoco there are 4 gasolines, 4 prices to choose from..

Premium, Super, Regular, and Conotane. Super is for cars

that need less octane than Premium, but more than Regular. It can save you up to

30 a gallon over many Premiums. Using Regular?

Switch to moneysaving Conotane.

Conoco's gasolines have all the special additives that keep a modern precision engine running smooth in the Rockies.

Look for Conoco's 4 gasolines

Get more ride for your money mmm at 4 prices.

mzmm immm CONOCO Hottest Brand Going. Y

1970 Continental Oil Company of a Winslow who came to America numerous tradesmen who will Nauvoo and pursued his gunmak- on the Mayflower in 1620. The eventually work at Nauvoo. ing business. His shop and family

family, converted to the Church in In addition to these new attracquarters were large enough to

Vermont in 1832, moved to Kirttions, work will continue on several house his 11 children as well as his land, Ohio, then to northern other projects. Visitors may view gun business. It was his son, John

Missouri, and then to Nauvoo; the sophisticated and painstakingly Moses Browning, who eventually

from Nauvoo they went on to the meticulous archaeological procesecured 68 patents on various types

Rocky Mountains, where a son, dures currently under way on the of automatic firearms and machine

Lorin, achieved prominence as a Seventies Hall. guns and who built his father's

northern Utah community builder. The Seventies Hall, one of three firearms business into an interAnother son pioneered in Arizona, major public buildings in Nauvoo, nationally famous firm.

where the city of Winslow was was the scene of lectures, lyceums, The Nauvoo Information Center, named in his honor. The daughter, musical presentations, and religious scheduled for dedication in May

Diantha, married William Clayton, services. Apparently, one story 1971, houses movie theater rooms,

and it was the birth of their first was an assembly hall and the other displays, and tour guide services, child that stimulated her husband contained classrooms as well as a as well as administrative headto write, while crossing Iowa, the library. A list of the books conquarters for Nauvoo Restoration.

words of "Come, Come Ye Saints."tained in the library is available, Such is the progress to date of

3. The Brigham Young home, and it is an interesting comment what has been called "one of the

also scheduled for completion in on the times that the most popular most exciting historical projects in 1970. Brigham Young wrote in his subject appeared to have been America."In a country famous for

journal: "I moved out of my log Josephus (six different works on its Jamestown and Williamsburg,

cabin into my new brick house, him and his writings), with NaVirginia, restorations of colonial which was 22 feet by 16, two stories poleon taking second place (four and revolutionary periods, and also high, and a good cellar under it, different works on him). Also well known for its great restoration

and felt thankful to God for the available were three copies of Fox's of the battlefields at Gettysburg privilege of having a comfortable, Book of Martyrs, four copies of and Valley Forge, the city of though small, habitation."Visitors Christian Martyrs, and nine books Nauvoo, Illinois, is acclaimed by

will also see the rooms he added dealing with Hebrew (a Bible, scholars and historians as another to each side of the house. grammars, lexicons, and so forth). "monumental effort to recreate the

4. The Webb Blacksmith Shop. Two other books are interesting in lessons of the past."Why? In the

Open for the first time and with a light of Brigham Young's agriculwords of the National Historic Park fulltime working blacksmith in it tural experiments in the West: The Service: "Among the forces which

is the Edwin D. Webb blacksmith Mulberry Tree and Silk Worm by aided in the winning of the great

shop. Edwin and his four brothers Clark and Mulberry Trees by WhitWest, the Mormon migration and

learned from their father the trades marsh. The hall was built primarily settlement in the Great Basin stood

of wagon making and blacksmithby the 500 seventies in Nauvoo. out as one of the most positive facing, and two of the brothers apparVisitors in 1970 will also see two tors in carrying American civilizaently founded this shop. The other buildings nearing completion: tion to the intermountain and

brothers, who were close friends of the Jonathan Browning house and Pacific coastal areas.... Nauvoo

Brigham Young, made many wagthe Nauvoo Restoration Informawill be commemorated as a point ons and handcarts used by the tion Center. The foundation, roof, from which this great westward

Saints. Descendants of one other and walls of the Browning house migration commenced."The site is

blacksmithing family of Nauvoo will be finished this year. The home a "place of exceptional value in our

have donated original blacksmithand shop are scheduled to open in national history."

ing equipment to the Webb shop. 1971 with an important museum of Add to this the value to the

Besides giving explanatory lectures the famous Browning guns. A Latterday Saint of deeply imbedabout blacksmithing, the blackKentuckian by birth, Jonathan ding within his mind and spirit the

smith will make hardware for barn Browning heard of Mormonism fabric of the life and times of doors, latches, and fences to be while living in Illinois. He went to Joseph Smith and one quickly

used in completing the restoration Nauvoo, met Joseph Smith, and a sees why tourists and visitors are of Nauvoo. The blacksmithin- strong friendship developed. After again turning their eyes toward

residence is only the first of joining the Church, he moved to Nauvoo. O

24 Era, July 1970 to Coming

? B.YU.

Ifoull need a local bank.

Utah merchants are great. But they're poration, which means we have corresponvery reluctant to cash checks drawn on outdent banks throughout the Intermountain

oftown banks. As Utah's first, oldest and West, in all major cities in the United States,

best known bank, may we offer our services? and can provide world wide banking service

oriWe have two offices to serve the students of as well. More important to you—we're

B.Y.U., including a brand new one across the ented to the special banking needs of students.

street from the stadium. As a Full Service To give you a head start next Fall and

Bank, we are able to offer every banking make things even easier for you, fill out the service you'll ever need. (Ask your banker coupon below. We'll send signature cards,

about us.) and when you return next Fall your account

We're a member of the Western Bancorwill be open and waiting.

Walker Bank

P. 0. Box 1650

Provo, Utah 84601

Please send signature cards for the following services at your new North Provo Office:

Regular Checking Personal Plan Checking (lOjzi a Check Plan) Savings

Other: Name Home Address City.State Zip.

Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation - Member Federal Reserve System c=

By Lael J. LittkeThe Building Project

I could have cried in frustration the night in sacraalong with nine other teenagers, to the stand and ment meeting that Bishop Brewster called Wendy, handed each of them a ten dollar bill. Certainly the

project he was proposing was a worthy one. We were

Lael J. a and housewife Littke, a busy mother and sucraising funds for a badly needed new chapel, and this

writer, freelance cessful Pasaof the East is a member dena (California) Ward. She wrote this story through particular endeavor the bishop called the "Talent

observing her bishop initiate a similar project in her Project."What he did was ask the young people if

own ward. they recalled the parable of the talents. They all

nodded, so he handed each of them a ten dollar bill older children, John and Sandra, now both attending and told them they were to take the money and use the college in our city, and we had survived with it to make more money in any way they could think a remarkable minimum of scars. We had been so smug

of. In two months'time he would have them report about our admirable children while other parents

were having such difficulties. All in a matter of how

you raised them, we had said.

Now we had to eat our words, and believe me, they tasted pretty stale. Almost overnight all the problems

,,-n r-,,, 'j. i "that beset teenagers had descended on Wendy.y It The Church scene just isn t my bag, wasn>t that she did anything bad. the UmUe was

all. she spent her she exclaimed. "Well, what scene that she didn,t do, any*ins at

time sitting around watching television and gloomit. It might have been understand- i S VO UT baa/'I demanded. mg>"as Phil called

able if we had been a "sit around"family, but we were all deeply involved in our various interests and hobbies. Robert, who is an engineer, always has a project

back on how they had used their talents and how or two going at home as well as at work. I still dabble

much money they had raised for the building fund, in the love of my life, journalism, whenever I get the

Some of the teenagers grinned in anticipation, chance. John is a fiend on the guitar, as Sandra puts

ideas of what they were going to do already sparkling it, and also spends a lot of time tearing down old cars in their eyes. Others looked baffled and a trifle and putting them together again. Sandra plays the

dubious. Wendy simply looked sullen, an expression piano and is very domesticminded, doing a lot of

that had seemed to be glued to her face for the past sewing and baking. Even the younger children, tenseveral months. yearold Phil and sevenyear-old Carol, are usually

I couldn't imagine what the bishop was thinking buried in one of their many interests, of, asking Wendy to join in this fundraising project. But Wendy—well, Wendy just sat, staring blankly

Didn't he know what a hard time we had been having at television. She was negative about everything,

with her? He had to know, because we had discussed neglecting her schoolwork and frequently refusing to

it with him. Didn't he realize what we had to go attend her church meetings.

through just to get her to come to church? Surely he "The church scene just isn't my bag,"she said once.

was aware of the wheedling, the pleading, the insistExasperated, I said, "Well, what scene is your bag?"

ing, and yes, even the bribing we did to get her After you've lived with teenagers for several years, started coming again after she stopped completely you tend to pick up their jargon, which I have found for a while. Was getting the chapel so important that only adds to any antagonism they might already feel,

he had to tear down what little we had accomplished? But Wendy didn't seem to notice my use of her slang.

On the way home from church, Robert, my husband, She just shrugged, her favorite mode of expression, made an effort to be jovial about the new assignment. She was a trial, to say the least. Sometimes I found

"You could rent yourself out as a plant sitter for myself nagging, haranguing, harping at her in utter people on vacations,"he said. "Or you could charge frustration, but she never appeared even to hear,

elderly ladies ten cents to locate a Boy Scout to help The Sunday after Bishop Brewster handed out the them across streets. Or how about asking the neighmoney, he told a few of the ideas some of the young

bors if they'll pay a fee to have Phil not practice his people had come up with. "Ken Carter,"he said, "is

trombone?"painting house numbers on curbs. If yours doesn't

His suggestions were so ridiculous that we all need repainting, Ken has offered to come around and laughed. All except Wendy. She just stared out of the scrape it off so that it will."Everyone laughed,

car window and said nothing. "Doreen Hansen is selling handpainted breadboards

What had happened to our happy little girl of a that her father cut out in his shop, and she says for few years back who had so eagerly stacked up achieve- a small additional fee her mother will put a loaf of ments in school and church? I had heard about bright, bread on the board."

outgoing children who suddenly turned into sullen, He went on down the list of those young people withdrawn, confused teenagers, but I hadn't thought who already had their projects going. Wendy wasn't

it could happen in our family. After all, we had the only one who hadn't started, but she was almost

already gone through the teenage years with our two the only one who didn't have some kind of an idea of

what she was going to do. Many of the young folks done anything except give an occasional twoand-a-

had enlisted the aid of their families, and it made me halfminute talk? What could she do? Who was she,

wonder if it would encourage Wendy if we offered indeed?

to help. "Would you like to have a bake sale?"I asked How had I found myself, back in those dim days

when we got home. "Or how about sponsoring a of my girlhood? What had started me on the path

concert with John and his guitar and Sandra and her that I had considered interesting and exciting? I

piano? The people in the ward know how well they couldn't remember.

play and would probably be glad to make a donation Keep looking, I begged silently, as the days passed.

to hear them."Oh, Wendy, keep looking. You'll find yourself yet.

Wendy looked at me as if I'd suggested having But if she was making any effort, it certainly wasn't people pay to hear our old dog, Bowser, howl. apparent. She had not offered a single suggestion as

Everyone tried to be helpful. "I made a good profit to how she was going to increase her ten dollars, nor

when I bought an old car for ten dollars and fixed it had she made any move whatsoever to do so. Would

up and sold it,"John said. "I'd be willing to do that she be like the servant who buried his talent and reagain, and you could hold my tools for me."turned to his master only that which he had received?

Sandra had a suggestion too. "I made quite a bit of One night at dinner she mentioned how Ann Felmoney for my club by making caramel apples,"she stead had solved her problem,

said. "I'd be glad to help you do that.""She didn't know what to do,"Wendy said, "and

Wendy sighed. "Can't you leave me alone?"she spent so much time worrying and crying around the

asked. "I'll do my own thing."house about it that her father said he'd donate fifty

And that, of course, was the trouble. Wendy didn't dollars to the building fund just to take it off her

know what her own "thing"was. She wasn't musically mind."

inclined, as John and Sandra were, and of course had "That's one way to solve it,"Robert said. He cleared

no mechanical aptitude like John, and very little of his throat. "Is that what you'd like me to do?"

the domestic interest Sandra displayed. In one of her For a minute Wendy didn't say anything, and I held

few candid moments in the last few months she had my breath. Then she said, "No. That doesn't seem

said, "Mother, how do you find out who you are?"right."

I had brushed her question off at the time, saying I was proud of her, and relieved. In an effort to

facetiously, "Oh, you just keep looking until someday break the tension we all felt, I suggested that we you'll meet yourself face to face, and then you'll know."invite our nextdoor neighbors, the Smiths, over after

Or maybe it wasn't so facetious. Maybe that was the dinner to view three sets of photographic slides we

way it happened. had just received back from the developer. Since the

I tried to remember back to my own adolescence, Smiths have children, Roy and Barbara, the same ages but it was almost too many layers down to recall. It as our Phil and Carol, our two families are constantly

seemed as if I had been so many different people since intermeshed, and I knew a number of the pictures inthen—college girl, bride, mother—all the identities that eluded them.

a girl passes through during her life. But before that, "Well,"Betty Smith said when I called her, "we're

what was I? Who was I? When had I discovered making invitations to Barbara's seventh birthday party,

I was somebody? but we'll be glad to leave that for a while."

It had been wartime when I was Wendy's age. My Even Wendy seemed to enjoy the slides and joined

older brothers and all of their friends had gone off in the laughter at the funny predicaments in which into the services and my older sister joined the army the camera had caught us. Robert is the one who

nurse corps. Everyone, it seemed, was doing sometakes the pictures, but he is at best an amateur;

thing—except me. What could I do? I was too old several of the pictures were overor underor doubleto be unaware of what was going on, as my younger exposed, but they just added to the fun.

sister was, but I was too young to be of any help in The evening passed rapidly, and the Smiths said the war effort. I had felt so useless. I was nobody. they had to get back home to finish the party inviWas that Wendy's problem? In the middle of a tations.

family who were all enthusiastically involved in their "You'll never know how much I dread that party,"own interests and projects, where did she, with no Betty whispered at the door. "Fifteen sevenyear-olds

apparent talents, fit in? At school she had been a good,—how am I going to entertain them for an hour and a

but not outstanding, student. Until recently she had half? I've only got ten days to figure it out. If you

attended church regularly, but when had she ever want to know something, I'd pay someone a good fee

Era, July 1970 29.

Would You Be Interested In Joining Forces

With This Group To Bring Greater

Achievement and Happiness To Families In

Your Area?

DECIDE TODAY TO FIND OUT ABOUT

VanDerbur AmericaYour Future With MarilynFormer Miss

GFamily&Acliievement Institute

What are your personal goals? Would you

like...... to have the thrill of owning your

Dr. Norman business? own

Peale.... to render a much needed service to Vincent Pat Boone

families in your area? It is for the entire family... a program Director from the Home Office who can

...to have a high annual income? for which almost every family in your area help you work out any sales or manageIf these are your goals, but your present will be a prospective customer. ment questions you may have.

the give position opportunity doesn't you Institute Prothe Family Achievement And

.. fulfill conto then should you them is the greatest of by one backed up gram it all with up! tremendous A product Add Institute tact Family today. Achievement. FAI ever has marketing assembled. teams unlimited prospects opportunity

is Here why! a of International Division Marbecome vital a for service to perform. needed. the and.

Institute introhas Family Achievement This that keting Corporation. means you in the families a prestige your area...

is a a powerful, program which duced will accentuate success to help have your... career the to opportunity perbuild

positive, practical to method and of the respected most people help from some in a that will sonal business equity grow families greater success you'll family aid receive in sales. promote The direct in value successful more as you become

... family unity create... enjoy more includes:

... the to chance with an own a business

more and better family communication....Complete sales training. outstanding sales organization... and the

Now you can build your own sales orga-... Aid in recruiting an effective, active potential to earn according to your own

nization and distribute this outstanding sales organization so that you can desires and abilities.

program in your area... with help from profit from all they do.

a company that is writing one of the most... Professionally developed marketing What it adds up to is one of the most

exciting records of success in the history plans. unique business opportunities ever offered.

of direct sales in the United States.... A sales promotion program that proBut all we want you to do right now is to

You will distribute a distinguished program duces results. let us send you additional information...

... endorsed, narrated, supported and...The most complete library of manso you can make up your own mind. You

advertised by the most respected group of agement aids available in franchising are under no obligation. Decide today to

national personalities ever assembled... today. get the full facts about the greatest selling

a program which was developed over a... National Advertising and Public Reand service opportunity of a lifetime.

period of four years by a competent, edulations programs. Send us the coupon today... or if you

cated group of research technicians, social In addition, you will always have access cannot wait to have your questions anscientists, and educators. by telephone to an experienced Sales swered, call us collect.

Write or Call Collect TODAY!

Family Achievement Institute IE7-0

P. O. Box 790A

cFamiljr F=f=M Norman, Oklahoma 73069 cActiievement institute ablePleasewithsendFamilyfree informationAchievementaboutInstitute.businessI understandopportunitiesthereavailis

no obligation on my part.

P. O. Box 790 A

Name Norman, Oklahoma 73069 Phone: (405) 3642410 Address.

City and State.Zip.

A DIVISION OF jj| Phone: Business. Home

INTERNATIONAL l/jQRC MARKETING CORPORATION If to take over that little item."showing Barbara dressed in a princess costume) who

Wendy spoke up so quickly that I was startled. one day lost her way in the palace and blundered into

"How about me?"she said. "I'll take the job."the dungeon of the wicked wizard (slide showing

"Hired!"Betty exclaimed. "But let me warn you—Roy in his room crouched over his chemistry set).

you'll regret it."She cocked her head quizzically to

one side. "Just what is it you're going to do?"

Wendy smiled for the first time in weeks. "Trust This bishop's building project

me,"she said. "I've just had an idea. I'll have to borrow Barbara and Roy and Carol and Phil after school had in mind building talents

for a couple of days. And dad, may I borrow your

camera if I take good care of it?"as well as a chapel

"Certainly,"Robert said enthusiastically. I think at

that moment he would have obtained the state capitol She had accidentally broken one of his jars of elixir building for her if she had asked for it. of frogs'feet, and the wizard cast a spell on her,

"I wonder,"Wendy mused, biting a fingernail, a turning her into a dog ( slide of our old Bowser ). Enter

habit she has when she's thinking of something inthe fairy godmother (Carol) who changed her back teresting, "if the MIA would let me borrow some of into a girl but couldn't do anything about her voice, the old roadshow costumes. I'd better call Sister and it looked as if the poor princess would have to

Hardy."Off she went, suddenly full of purpose and go through life barking like a dog.

ideas. We could only gaze after her in wonderment. The rest of the show dealt with the fairy godmother

The next few days Wendy was very mysterious. She putting the princess in her chariot (Phil's wagon,

bought some film, had Robert show her how to operate drawn by Phil) and taking her around to the homes of the camera, borrowed Barbara, Roy, Phil, and Carol, all the party guests, asking for cures. There were slides

and went about doing whatever it was she had in showing Barbara's friends having her stand on her mind. There was a lot of giggling and changing of head, stick out her tongue while she touched her left

costumes, and one Saturday she packed the costumes toe, and all sorts of ridiculous poses, which brought in Phil's wagon, took the children, and strolled down howls of laughter from the children. None of the

the block, off to somewhere known only to herself cures worked, but the spell was finally broken when and her helpers. They didn't return for several hours. Barbara returned home and her mother, Betty, said

When the day of the party arrived, I couldn't conshe loved her even if she did bark like a dog. Love

tain my curiosity. "Mind if I come to the festivities?"was stronger than the wizard's power, and it even

I asked Wendy. changed that dismal creature back into a normal boy,

She grinned mischievously, looking almost like our a script development that brought gags from Roy, old Wendy. "I don't recall you receiving an invitawho said he preferred being the wicked wizard.

tion,"she said, "but it's all right with me, if Barbara The children absolutely loved the whole thing, and doesn't mind the older generation crashing her party."so did Betty and I. I wondered if Wendy was aware

The party started with Wendy conducting a few that she was telling me something when she had the of the usual children's games, but all of the children mother continue to love her changed daughter.

seemed full of scarcely suppressed excitement. They The party was such a success that word spread fast

all knew something I didn't. Betty didn't know what among the mothers of the children who attended the

it was either, except that Wendy had brought a group party, and even beyond. In the next month Wendy had

of children over one day and had asked Betty to pose five requests to present shows at other children's with them while she snapped some pictures. parties, and not only did the parents pay Wendy for

After a few games, Wendy stood up and made an her talents, but they also bought the slides and scripts.

announcement. "The big moment has arrived,"she Her original ten dollars doubled, tripled, quadrupled,

said. The children cheered while she brought out a and more. She had to write new scripts and take new

slide projector and screen and set them up. "Take pictures for each party, and what with her schoolyour seats,"she instructed. "You're about to see the work, which she was beginning to pay more attention

world premiere of 'Barbara and the Wicked Wizard,'to, and her church meetings, which she started attend- a show starring every one of you."ing without complaint, she was so busy that she no

And that's exactly what it was. Wendy had written longer had time to sit around with a sullen face

a charming little script, which she read while showing watching television.

the pictures, about a princess named Barbara (slide The greatest triumph, in her eyes, came the day she

Era, July 1970 31 bounced home from school announcing that she had been asked by the assembly committee to make a little slide show depicting funny situations at school and to be presented at an assembly in two months. "You

know the show I presented at Heidi Miller's party?"

she said. "Well, her brother Hank saw it, and he's

chairman of the assembly committee. Oh, mother, he's "The Spoken Word"from

so neat! He said I have a real flair for putting toTemple Square, presented

over KSL and the Columgether slide shows."bia Broadcasting System

Aha, I thought. Enter a boy. Life picks up interest. May 17, 1970. 1970.

But that wasn't the only interest.

photography,"to learn about all I can "I want..."I can get "I shall not waste my day enthusiasm. said with "And maybeWendy

my own camera for Christmas, or something. Mother, By Richard L. Evans

do you think I could rig up a dark room in the basement? I'd like to learn how to develop film and some moving lines, Jack London suggested some

attitudes on age and the fuller use of life: "Ieverything."In

I nodded, smiling. She's not over all the rocky road would rather be ashes than dust!"he said. "I

yet, I thought, but she's on the way to finding herself. would rather that my spark should burn out in a

ICertainly she had discovered what her "own thing"brilliant blaze than it should be stifled by dryrot.

would rather be a superb meteor, every atom of mewas, something that was indeed her own, since in our family none of the rest of us showed any aptitude for in magnificent glow, than a sleepy and permanent planet. The proper function of man is to live, notphotography.

/ exist. in shall to trying proto not days waste my

I I recalled had found then own It was how my cutoff I shall use times them. long time."The my

those years in a girl.talents I was back when war

for set set for or that I that others themselves, men had concocted the idea of sending a monthly neighborthem, are not absolute but arbitrary. The work of

hood newsletter to all the servicemen from the surthe world is never done. And it is sad to see somerounding blocks, telling them all the little mundane one in idleness or inactivity—waiting—waiting for

things that went on, the things that made home what time to pass. It isn't a question of years or of the

it was, the things that made them remember what clock or calendar, but of each one's working his it was they were fighting for. They had liked it and best, feeling his best; living his best, in satisfying

had written letters of appreciation, and I had disusefulness for the full length of life. And it isn't

covered the satisfactions of being a journalist and the only a matter of physical effectiveness, but of mind, joys of finding I could do something other people of spirit, and of judgment and experience in extendcould admire. ing ourselves in service. "The belief that youth is

Some people's talents do not show up automatically; the happiest time of life is founded on a fallacy,"

some people have to search them out. I wondered said William Lyon Phelps. "The happiest person is the

how long it would have taken me to find mine if I had person who thinks the most interesting thoughts."

not had the impetus of the war and wanting so des- "The wise man,"said Seneca, "will always reflect perately to do something to help. And how long would concerning the quality, not the quantity of life."

Wendy have gone on trying to find out who she was Life is a stream that moves us silently, certainly, with if she hadn't been asked to participate in the building no stopping place for any of us as we move through fund project? time and eternity, with each one to be what he can,

I gave Bishop Brewster a beatific smile the night he and do what he can, through the whole length of had the young people report on their projects. I was life. "The business of life,"said Samuel Johnson, "is

so proud of Wendy and the way her face glowed as to go forward.""I would rather be ashes than dust!

she announced that she was available for future parties I would rather that my spark should burn out in a and that any money she raised would continue to go to brilliant blaze than it should be stifled by dryrot. I

the building fund. would rather be a superb meteor, every atom of me

I knew then what Bishop Brewster had been thinkin magnificent glow, than a sleepy and permanent ing when he included Wendy in the group of young planet. The proper function of man is to live, not to

people in the "Talent Project."Bishop Brewster had exist. I shall not waste my days in trying to prolong

in mind building more than a chapel. O them. I shall use my time."

Now David of old was a shepherd boy who was ar n the midst of his brethren; and the Spirit of the Lord came upon David from forward....

"And David behaved himself wisely in all his ways Lord was with him....

[and] his name was much set by."(1 Sam. 17:13, 19

From the fields to the places of honor... a right ty's youth too. They

seek solitude and a time of quiet and a time to medita i their dreams, They revel in closeness to earth, to the creatures of earth, They need to know themselves and to consider the giants in their lives a s of honor they will strive for.

Perhaps this is what a summer is for.

And that is what this section suggests.

The Battle

By Elaine Cannon WithYourself Team tactics you can understand.

Civil war you've learned about.

Temptation you've wrestled with.

Tug o'war is a game from your childhood.

Scores you've kept.

But when the battle with yourself begins, that's when the winning is truly important. You can go along for a time

as a sweet, innocent child fresh from baptism and radiant as the dawn. All is well. You cling to mom and dad and their

decisions with proper obedience. You memorize the words of

God and recite them at family gatherings. You go to Sunday

School and smile at the teacher, whisper some to your friends, fold your arms in prayer, and marvel at the might of David the shepherd.;

Then suddenly life is upon you. You are out in the

world. You are grown up. Mom isn't there beside you in the

car with your favorite date. Dad isn't around when the

crowd gets wickedly lively. The teacher from Sunday School

is somewhere in the past when stark ideologies are thrust little to do with I upon you. The word of God seems to have

1 passing exams, pushing dope, falling in love, and going to war. David's foe was only a giant to him. Yours may be

your best friend whose ideals aren't as high as yours.

You learn iJiat good intentions aren't enough. Wanting

to doesn't mean:..yii do.,,<-*

Since happiness'now and life iiithe presencei Heavenly

Father through eternity are allimportant, ffte battle -with do, behave,"look, is and yourself resist, Self ayrauStliiniaking, b.e.: * t Ally what a qiiaIit, yT5'ffri5n'4diould be p

Here is help,; apply the word of God. It works. Phrases

from -the scriptures* that float.through, your mind should be

pinned down arid put intojf&actice. They arethe rules, the

formulas, the recipes, the theorems (the laws for personal joy. Listen again to "do unto others,*""yield up thy heart

unto me,""honor thy father and thy mother,""watch and pray always,""endure, endure, endure,""I have not given thee a'sprrit of fear, but of a sound mind,""be thou an example of the believer,""press toward the mark."

And'one of the most comforting bits pf counsel is "thy will, Rot* mine, 6 Lord."This, you can and should tell yourself *'in times of ned, disappointment; decision, or a call to

'serve in a place or in a: capacity you arenot pleased atgput".

- We*%alf wisely Heiovlsyo'uUS; -onlylrieari VOur )oy4f you follow.it. - * /

-., To follow it, you jiave to knpw?it; which"suggests prayer

'J atrlfttcbalbfejSsin'gs; study, and application,,his*4aw. -And

,:'win?iintf''is "-when *a /eUstoiOt*'possibility v*ifcyfc4

- >j''withfers-4i:eb. Vrurself "Vi -you,r compete'v *?&with

We'd Like Q. In your growingup period, perhaps at about our

age, what were the most significant books that you read?

A. A powerful thrust toward a careful, absorbing Teens reading of the scriptures came in my nineteenth year. By George W. Hubbard

I heard of a man who had memorized the entire Bible, and his daughter, Elizabeth, 18 in both English and German. This opened up possi-

I aspired Harmonious dialogue between parents and youth bilities that had never even occurred to me.

I has become increasingly difficult in recent years. In to memorize whole sections of our great books.

attempting to impart wisdom or deal with situations, have not succeeded all the way, but the late Elder many wellmeaning parents use phrases that tend John A. Widtsoe of the Council of the Twelve, who

to produce just the opposite effect from what is inwas a great teacher, cornered me and said, "If you turning these about days hear tended. much all, We just will a 15 minutes spend day—that's

to to turn on. want teenagers If you know how works, carefully standard the a minutes day—reading15 tried off, are here ten phrases, and your teenager will in five years than most men."you more know

proven, that are 90 percent certain to do just that. I took him seriously and have been at it ever since. At

the university I was captivated by the consciousness 1. It's not that of great literature. I was particularly taken first

I don't trust you... with the ideas, later with the style, as well as the

in of insight, writings the the clarity and humane 2. When I was your age... controlling a I think this has William had and James,

3. It's the principle of the thing... power on me ever since.

4. It's for your own good... Q. In that crucial growingup period of your life,

was there any one man who had more influence on 5. Why can't you be like... you than anyone else, and why?

A. No one can calculate the tremendous impact in-

6. How do you expect tellectually of my own father. This is an unwritable

to get ahead... chapter, I suppose, and will remain so, but he was

a man who was a widower (my mother died when I 7. Must you always

old), totally himyears committed two who was embarrass me...

his every night boys, self to three and for whom 8. I forbid you... was home night. The process of reading aloud, the

insistence on precision in expression and thought, 9. When you are older, and the willingness to go into depth into any question

you'll understand... at any time that related to the basic questions of

life, all of which I took completely for granted then, 10. It's time you showed as a parent I now find to be absolutely unique. He

a little respect... would not be satisfied with anything short of excellence in schooling for his boys and was, therefore, a

tremendous source of motivation and an example.

*p

Intervi red By Rich B fer and Jim Jardine DrjiTuman M CMadsen OUt:to Know Harvard, what was the biggest As a student at And outside your home? Q. Q.

Repeatedly I have told students about the impact challenge that you met and how did you solve it?

on my aspirations of the late John A. Widtsoe. I heard A. Staying alive in both sacred and secular worlds

him speak once after having read some of his books. and pulling them together. Many college students'

The ease with which he treated science, literature, first two years, freshman and sophomore years, are current events, poetry, and the scriptures so imalmost a total loss academically. Then one of these

pressed me (I was an impressionable college student) things happens: marriage, military service, or, for

that I walked up and said, in effect, "Brother Widtsoe, Latterday Saints, mission. Then suddenly the

how come you're so smart?"Instead of putting me college student looks like a student. That was my

off, he took me home, showed me his library, showed pattern. Harvard is only one institution, but like all

me the stack of books he kept by his bedside, and institutions, it has a very complex student body. Some

then counseled with me. I asked him the basic queswork, some fake, some achieve. I generalize that the

tion, "What am I going to be when I grow up?"He real issue is application, not so much genius. There

searched patiently for interests in me and then said, were times when I had to confront what I call near "You have far too many interests; you need to settle absolute. I have had colleagues who under that kind

down."He then told me to ask myself three quesof pressure committed suicide. 1 have had others

tions: "What do I like to do?""What am I good at who tried and failed.

doing?"and "What does the world need?"He also For me, philosophy is a disease to which it alone

insisted that you must look ahead at least 20 years is the cure. The only answer to serious questions is

before you even sit down to decide what course to more serious questions. You can come to doubt, and

take next quarter. Look ahead 20 years and ask you can continue until you come to doubt your

yourself what you want to be, to accomplish. Now, doubts. Someone has observed that a philosopher is

I have since entered a field far more expansive than not distinguished by the novelty of his conclusions, scientific analysis, but I think I owe to Brother Widtbut by the distance it took him to arrive at them. I

soe a great deal in terms of creating a sense of for one consider the pain and struggle eminently selfexamination and possibility. And the 20 years worth it. I am far better able to understand others

that I thought would be so eternal are now past. who have similar struggles and am better able to

communicate with them and aid at times in the process. I considered philosophy a foreign language

and am not sorry that I have learned it.

Truman G. Madsen: B.S. and M.S., University of Utah.

in philosophy study University. Graduate Ph.D., Harvard lecturer, Q. In your mind what claim does the Church make California. Guest of Southern at University

Danforth Foundation, Graduate Theological Union at that is most difficult for you as an honest philosopher

Yale, Harvard, University; Cornell Chapel, Berkeley; Sage

Stanford, and many to reconcile? Wellesley, UCLA, Brown, Dartmouth, other universities. Professor at Brigham Young Univer- A. Mormonism is, by its very nature, open—open

of year, winner of the sity, professor honors Karl G. upward to further direction, open downward to the president Former Award. Distinguished Teacher Maeser

of New England Mission, bishop, seminary and institute findings of man's best efforts to master environment;

and soughtafter Muchpublished teacher. and translated Era. open, even, in the sense that Joseph Smith made the of The Improvement Contributing editor lecturer.

Member of American Philosophy Association and Utah gospel fluid. Even the word "revelation"may refer

Academy of Arts and Sciences. to anything spoken or received under inspiration this

very moment. (See D&C 68:4.) While we look upon

Era, July 1970 37 prophets, out of our paranoia, as a great threat to us, ask only "Is it right or commanded?"But we must

saying, "You've got to accept my word,"they are be concerned intelligently with both. God himself

really saying exactly the reverse, "You must not has achieved his mastery by understanding the ultiaccept my word. I am reporting an experience, but mate laws. His role is to help us to see that the

I am pleading with you to duplicate it, to have the effects of the proper application of those laws are same experience."The Lord said that he made good, and are effects that culminate in a unified

nothing known unto Joseph (and a little study will personality like his, the precondition of joy. So the

show that was more than a little) that would not be final answer to the question, "Why should I be made known unto all Saints of the last days as soon moral?"is not alone "Because God says so,"but

as they are prepared to receive. So the focus should "Because it is for your ultimate fulfillment, to live

not be "Did he have the experiences?"but "Can I?"like him. God is trying to help us envision that and

The prophets answer as witnesses, "Yes!"Our preprovide us the essential nourishing power to motivate

if it is us to feel it and achieve it. We make his task very occupation should be "How?"—a how that

honest finally leads to prayer. No one has improved difficult when we suppose relative goods ("doing my

on the Sacred Grove. In the Church the only differthing?") are absolute or vice versa.

ence between a prophet with a capital "P"and with a small "p"is jurisdiction. It is not in terms of the Q. We often hear a church leader or educator say,

right to be in touch with God; it is in terms of how far "Despite what is in the newspapers, I have a lot of

our rights extend in relaying what is received. confidence in your generation."However, the words

"despite what is in the newspapers"come through

Q. In this changing, relativistic world, what do you stronger than "I believe your generation is the best

see as the absolutes, the empiricals to which we may we've produced."How do you see our generation?

hold? What do you see as our problems, and what do you

A. Law and personality. There is a statement in think are the roads that will lead us upward?

the Doctrine and Covenants that unto every law there A. Youth today have great power and exceptional

are certain bounds and conditions. Law itself, as tolerance for their elders. But the threat of seeking

we know it, is subject to its laws and conditions. If the thrilling shortcut is present. Thus, we have

it were possible to state the inevitable and absolute various forms of slavery: drug abuse and addiction,

application of absolutes now, we would need only a rampant permissiveness in any form of selfexpres- code book stating those rules, and there would be no sion, a tendency to turn on and drop out, a tendency need of continuing guidance or direction from on to suppose that long, hard, disciplined efforts are high, or of a rebirth process through Christ. But really passe. Any youth who is diverted by these

with eternal laws we have also the Personality who contemporarily proffered distractions can easily miss mediates them and adapts them to our own developwhat he was sent into the world to be and to do.

ing nature and dilemmas. On the one hand, there The appeal of all these diversions can be very

are ultimate conditions that even God himself must subtle. Some young persons become bitter against

honor (e.g., "Intelligence was not created or made, a neglectful society or a miserable home that they

neither indeed can be") and he institutes laws within identify with "the establishment,"and they become that framework that are designed to aid us in our interested only in the bizarre. We see this all over the

present limited condition. country; it's tragic. One wonders what new novelties

It seems to me that that sets us apart both from will be available to the children of these children 20 the tradition of "natural law"or the law of a fixed years hence.

human nature, and from the tradition of a radical To the Mormon youth, the most profound threat is pragmatism. The present "mod"situation ethic that they will be satisfied with less than they are

supposes that if you simply ask "Am I mature and capable of; that they will get early rewards for perdoes another adult consent with me?"a yes answer formance in secular areas and will cease to look

justifies any action. Not so. ("Maturity"and "contoward the larger issues and the nourishment for

sent"are both relative terms.) The question is their deeper needs. The core issue to me is not

relevant but not sufficient in deciding rightness. the question of opportunity or endowment. It is

Many people reduce all moral standards to questhe question of motive. Will contemporary youth

tions about effects. Others in the name of moral catch the vision of service and contribution, and do

uprightness abandon the concern for effects and the right things, therefore, for the right reasons? o

By Richard Salazar Department of Health Science Brigham Young University

Illustrated by Ginger Brown

There exists in our society a inferno, aiding and abetting the physical handicap who, under the parasitic, virulent infestation that scourges and being consumed by effects of LSD, is unable to separages across the land much like a their own hand. Ignorant and rate fantasy from reality and so

prairie brush fire. What is even wellmeaning they may be, but decides to end it all; a young

more alarming is the fact that consumed they remain. woman who leaps from the winmany individuals are throwing The roll call? dows of a tall building; a ruined

their little matches into the raging A guiet, shy, timid boy with a personality who is confined to an

Era, July 1970 39 institution for years. nition as an individual; the need But could it be that the associaIndividuals, organizations, govto be rooted into Truth. That tions of many high school students

ernments, and churches step into foundation includes also the atare more superficial than even the breach and attempt to stifle tempts of the individual to fulfill they would be willing to admit?

this spiritually corrosive affliction. these needs, to find meaning in Could it be that the activities are

Experts are called in. Doctors and life, to learn to love another huonly a smoke screen to conceal

man being, to gain respect and an inner vacuum? Could it be

for emotional closeHave you ever felt honor among his peers. that the desire

We all yearn for emotional ness is blocked by the refusal to.

feelings, even "the blahs"? closeness, but we face a fair share meaningful

chance of failure in achieving this among high school friends?

it be that the desire forThe author tells end. Ask any teenager. He'll tell Could

his friends that he wishes he could emotional closeness between the is blockedyou why. be closer to his parents. He envies sexes while dating

a certain family because that famby the substitution of physical ily appears to have close ties. closeness?

psychiatrists are consulted. Clinics It will come as a surprise to And could it be that drug use

and seminars are conducted. Artimany to learn that such a person provides these feelings of psychic

cles and books are written. And is probably being dishonest with vitality because of the emotional

in all of this there appears to be himself when he claims to desire energies that are activated? Could

one common theme: we need to emotional closeness, to desire these things be?

learn more about how these drugs love. "Oh, I wish I could talk to There is no doubt in my mind

are concealed and consumed, premom and dad,"he'll say, but that drug use has some aspects pared and peddled. Displays of within his heart he simply refuses that appeal to one's search for

what the drugs look like and smell to say what he really thinks and pleasure, sufficient to keep the like are paraded before us. Idenfeels. user coming back again and

tification kits are sold as teaching The yearning for closeness is again. The "drug scene"claims

aids. It would seem that all of matched by an equally firm reto offer a higher "high"than anythis is important, even necessary. fusal to share feelings, ideas, thing else—anything. True, there

Despite all these efforts, howdreams, experiences, doubts, asare the unpleasant aspects, but ever, I believe that the resources pirations, and fears. Sometimes these are brushed aside with apto effectively combat the plague the refusal is caused by a fear of parent impunity—at first. After all,

do now and have always existed, being rejected. This refusal is the feelings of being alive, awake,

and that they need only to be what helps to keep the doors of and "with it"are the important developed. Drug abuse is a sympcommunication closed. thing.

tom of an emotional sickness, and Ironically, this selfsame afflicDoes drug abuse, then, grow its treatment and prevention retion hamstrings parents. When it out of a misdirected desire to enquire emotional honesty and selfcomes to emotional closeness with joy life and discover those things

discipline. their offspring (and all too often which make life meaningful and

To understand this, let's examine emotional closeness with each fill one's needs?

the foundation from which grows other), many parents have the Now let us change horses in effective living, or drug abuse, or same fears as their children. the middle of the stream.

any other pattern, for that matter. For the teenager this very deInterestingly enough, such things

That foundation is part of each sire for closeness, established with as washing dishes and doing one's of us; it is the soul of man; it is his wrong friendships, may lead him schoolwork have decided influneeds. To the degree an individual into drug use. Most drug users ences on the individual, what

is successful in filling his needs, encounter the drug world through he thinks of himself, and how he he will find life exciting; and to their friends and associates. reacts to his environment. Rememthe degree that one cannot fill his To some, it might seem that the ber, concealed in apparently

needs, he will find life a pain in established friendships between trivial aspects of life are hidden the neck. These needs include high school students and a great insights.

the need to be loved and to love; degree of activity in school would We have all experienced and

the need for attention and recogprovide buffers against drug use. practiced procrastination. We

have all evaded unpleasant tasks He who has these positive traits energy, and resources in obtainthat needed doing. We have all has the advantage on calling forth ing and using the drug. As a

felt that burdensome weight bearresponses from those with whom direct result, he becomes the drug ing down on us as we have he associates. He is better able personified. He loses his free

weasled and wormed our way to satisfy his needs. agency and becomes an extension

out of what was clearly ours to The life that we forge in this of the drug.

do. state of our existence stays with Standing in stark contrast will

This uneasiness within us acus through eternity. If we are be those who developed their

tively interferes with our chances happy now, we will be happy in personalities through selfdisci- of achieving success in finding the hereafter. If we are sad now, pline, and who are happy, and

love, simply because it is negative, we will still be sad then. This is who move on to higher glories.

and negativism repels and/or why it is so important that we Drug abuse is a symptom of an calls forth negative responses learn now what we need to know emotional sickness. Its treatment

from others. In addition, the indiso that we can proceed to make and prevention require emotional

vidual is less sensitive and less for ourselves a personality that honesty and selfdiscipline. Each

responsive to others. enjoys life, for we need to develop of us has been given ability, poOn the other hand, we have all values that will stand through tential, and the direction we must

experienced the positive, lightentime. go if we are to develop our pering effects when, in a burst of Often we hear people say, sonalities. All that remains is to

energy, we have cleaned the "They're good kids. All they want do just that.

house, washed the dishes, washed is to be left alone, to have a good "Life has purpose and meanthe car, run errands, finished our time, and to get along with their ing and is everlastingly long—but

twoand-a-halfminute talk and friends. What's so wrong about here and now one cannot always

completed our reading assignment that?"run, for one runs out of time and

for history class. Good question. Let's see. strength. If it is boredom we run

If we go back and examine Happiness, like good selfimage, from, it will always catch up with these experiences, we will find is the result of effective living. It us. If it is duty, it remains whether

principles that are as true as the is the byproduct, not the objecwe run or not. If it is reality we

day is long. tive. When we chase happiness run from, it is with us whether we

When we procrastinate, we are directly, it seems to elude us. But recognize it or not. If it is ourless enthusiastic. Why? Because when we turn our attention to selves, no man ever leaves himindulgence is a spiritual depresdoing what needs to be done, then self behind. The antidote to

sant. Whether we overeat, overhappiness results. restless running is to choose a

sleep, rationalize, feel sorry for Let us turn our attention once solid purpose and pursue it. Whatourselves, or are slothful in our more to the future. At some point, ever we may be running from, we

appearance or performance, the there will be a redeeming process need to be moving toward a solid results are the same. The "blahs."so that each individual will be purpose, without which there is

This may explain why many teenprepared to inherit the kingdom no peace, no serenity inside."

agers assume an air of indifferhe has earned. Those personali- (Richard L. Evans, "Running From

ence, of blase sophistication; the ties with imperfections within—Not To,"Era, November 1967,

only thing they consistently feel them will have those imperfections p. 38.)

is depression. burned out—spiritual surgery, if And what is that solid purpose?

On the other hand, how do we you please. The sicker the perThe Savior stated it when he

feel after having completed sevsonality, the more radical the said, "Be ye therefore perfect, even eral tasks? How do we feel upon operation and the less there will as your Father which is in heaven

entering a house that is clean, be left when the redeeming is perfect."(Matt. 5:48.) All other

neat, orderly? The opposite of process is completed. Obviously, things should be secondary to this

indulgence produces the oppothese enter the lesser kingdom. goal. This is what it is all about.

site of depression. Selfmastery Not only is the future limited; Remember, those who come to

makes achievements possible, and the present is also bleak. Once an rely on drugs and continue in

achievements have an uplifting individual is hooked on any drug, their reliance can never achieve effect. Selfdiscipline also enthat person must use a good bit of this glorious end, this solid purhances sensitivity and enthusiasm. his creativity, ingenuity, thought, pose. O

Era, July 1970 41 1Ii i i

H O CD rHP 1 rP-U o CO Ho fl o, J* CD b oo 03 po PrH >> +->o3 hi CD 4JP CO PI rP CO O 03 gP o >> ft P3O t-i g Po >> CD <v bJO CD CD po o5> P -P>P rP o > f,ft > o -+->M c Pi Oo CD.rH

i—GQ p CO wCD

bJO a S i—g

i—i 13CD 13

03 P oCD 2ft 13 CD CD CD Ph O >TJM CD +-> CD o PrH 8O oorH rtO O I—co 03

03 4H o CO CD pio O "4-3 P O >* o 135 T3 1 T3 CD rQ03 02 'PrQ P03 <1) 8 bJO,<-] O 8 CD >> 5 013P M p CD CD PO?h >> Pi03 r—1CDft CQ o i—i

rH CDVX rCD03 <mCDi. "-(Ji—rP+3CD CD

S c.5 rP03 CO rP'S

o3 +3 s rP 03 r* ft P03 a.a CO CO "—igo

,rH CD 03 pg i rH cd 03E? r-1

cd rH 03 i2 T3

CD 03 ft > r* QCD COCDI rH +! Po

CO -p,rHPi 03 13o o PhrH 13 co rP CD 03 p 03PPo pbJO rP bJQ O 5hp—i 4j

r*4 03 co CD P P 22 P p CD<D o 1 O ii rHO r>> rH *H CO -p CDorH +J >S > po P ft CDp CD po cr P CD 03 CO PbJO rQ o3 sP CD rP bo P rP rP i—P rHOft

COp Is. Eh PQCD oft CD co

rH CD rH rH CD Po. C3 4H > B

c

caI oo

XI T3 P.

Era, Ju/y 1970 43 The Greeks had a favorite saying: "Know

thyself,"and much of their literature and philosophy was based on this maxim. How

well do you know yourself? The secret to

knowing yourself is to examine your innermost self. Henry David Thoreau, the philosopher who lived for several months in a little

hut by New England's Walden Pond, getting to know himself and nature a little better, said this about selfknowledge:

"It is easier to sail many thousand miles through cold and storm and cannibals, in a government ship, with five hundred men and boys to assist one, than it is to explore the private sea, the Atlantic and Pacific oceans of one's being alone."

But say that you have explored your "priHow well do you communicate with others? Do you let them know the real you,

and do you let yourself know the real them?

Almost all of us have an ideal self that we try to project to other people. But sometimes we forget that a projector can do no more than project an image—the real thing

may be far different from that ideal image. KNOW How well does your image reflect you?

Maybe you know a boy whose image seems to be that of the ideal guy—letterman, a potenial scholarshipholder—you know the THY type, a boy who may get dozens of compliments on his talk in sacrament meeting, but

who may laugh the loudest on Monday at the offcolor jokes a friend cracks in the lockerFRIENDS

So you say you want to get to the celestial kingdom. Are you sure you do? How do you

know you do? Inhabitants of the celestial

kingdom not only become gods; they live

with God. Forever. That's a long time. Are KNOW you sure you want a life like that? Are you

sure you'd like to live ivith God that long?

Do you know him and his way of life well enough to be sure?

to know God if we ever hope to By Kathleen I We need attain celestial life. We can learn something

about his way of life partly through studying the scriptures, and we can learn a great deal about the truth of gospel (God's) principles by living them, but probably a real understanding of what godhood involves comes only through knowing—intimately, personally—one who is a god already.

Say you're going to college next year.

Wouldn't you like to get some inside informavate sea,"that you have examined your innerare perfectly normal and necessary to help us most thoughts and feelings. What then? Can adjust to an imperfect world. But all too

you accept ivhat you see in there? Can you often we tend to make "escapism"synonyhonestly face yourself? mous with ''excuseism"and we fool

For several years a series of posters ivas ourselves into rationalizing what honest selfdistributed by the First Presidency that chalcommunication would tell us is plain foolishlenged youth: "Be Honest With Yourself."ness or laziness.

Each poster illustrated the principle of honFor instance, when you say you want to esty with oneself. How many times did you lose some weight, yet you keep splurging on

do more than smile ivhen they put up a new chocolate chip cookies and cherry pies, how one? How often did you try to implement honest are you ivith yourself about hoiv much

that idea in your life? Hoiv honest were you you ivant to lose? Honestly, would you really

with yourself? rather be fat and overfed than skinny?

We all have what psychologists call "esOr maybe you didn't play much on thecape devices"or "escape mechanisms,"team this year—or maybe you didn't even get

which we use when life gets too tough to selected. Whose fault was it? The coach's?

take. Many times these escape mechanisms Was he dumb or blind? Did he play favorroom. How different is the image projected Are you honestly willing to risk exposing

by his speech from the self his actions poryourself a little more, opening yourself pertray? Are you ever guilty of this discrepancy? haps to ridicule or rejection, but also perhaps

And if you are, are you honestly willing to to closer, more honest friendships with let people know that even though you may people who can like you for what you really have faults, you're trying to correct them? are, not for what you may seem to be? How willing are you to risk letting people And the image that others project—do youknow the real you—-not only that you aren't really look at it? Do you even see either the

perfect, but also that you're an individual, image or the real thing? Do you listen when

one who doesn't always want to conform to they share a problem? a triumph? Maybe,

"the crowd"? Are you willing to admit that like many of us, you're more ivorried about

you really don't care much for dances and what you'll say next than tibout what they're would rather go on a tubing party or a picnic? saying. Perhaps, however, working on that

Are you willing to admit that you really do math problem or that new guitar chord really like semiclassical music better than rock, or is more important than listening to your

Beethoven better than Simon and Garfunkel? eightyear-old sister, who thinks you're "it."

tion from someone who's been there? And is hidden in a room, one person is blindit's alivays rather nice to know the roomfolded, and then another person tells him

mates you'll have, to know you'll get along truthfully where to go to find it, while a ivith them. In a way, it's the same with the third person lies to lead him from it. Could

celestial kingdom; it's always nice to know you recognize that truthful guide? Can you

what kind of life you'll lead and what kind of recognize that other truthful guide, God?people you'll live with. Probably not—unless you really know him.

Another point: if we don't know the Lord, Through prayer and honest communicahow are we going to recognize his voice when tion, it is possible to know God. It is possible

he speaks to us? He doesn't always speak as to talk ivith him as honestly as you do with

one man to another; the "still, small voice"your best friend and to get just as direct an

is often more a feeling of peace about the answer, regardless of the form it takes.

rightness of a decision we've made than an Prophets, both ancient and modern, record actual voice. And some people's dreams prosome of their communications with the Lord:

vide their answers. Still others receive anKing David's psalms are one example; Joseph

swers through blessings their fathers give Smith's prayer from Liberty Jail is another.

them. But how will you be able to distinguish After the Prophet learned of increasing mob

between the Lord's inspiration, the devil's persecutions, he cried in anguish, "O God,, cunnings and your own desires? Maybe where art thou?"The Lord answered him,

you've played the game in which an object "My son, peace be unto thy soul.... The

ites? Or—honestly—were you really good realizing that they need to be liked, too? Are

enough? Had you worked and practiced you concerned enough to let them know what

hard enough and long enough? a great impression they're making on you

Or maybe you didn't get a date for the not as a date possibility, but just as a regular prom and are moping around the house wonguy?

dering why those dense boys can't look Honestly, do you ever just sit down ivith behind a girVs mascara and eyeliner and see yourself and ask,."What am I? Why am I

the real girl, why they can't seem to realize what I am?"You may be a child of God, but

that you'd be a lot nicer to date than the girls you're also a fallible mortal. So if you find

who are always flirting. Honestly, don't you yourself a bit more imperfectly human than

forget sometimes that boys are people, too, you'd like to be, are you going to take that and that they don't exist just to ask you discovery sitting down, or are you going to out on weekends? And when you get all stiff set out on a path of selfimprovement? A

and scared around them, aren't you worried familiar quotation says, "If you don't change too much about the impression you're makyour direction, you may get where you're ing on them? Aren't you wondering if this going."So tvhy not stop and evaluate your

one ivill like you and ask you out, instead of direction. Know thyself! (Honestly.) O

Is your math or your guitar really that imOr how willing are you to risk telling someportant? 'one you've dated a few times that you really

But maybe you feel that you are projecting do enjoy his company and do like him, but not just an ideal image, but the real you, and that you would prefer not to go out anymore?that you honestly do try to know others. How You do run the risk of hurting his feelings—

willing are you then to talk about the bond and you'll have to be the judge of whether orbetween friends which that knowledge crenot he's mature enough to "take it"—but you

ates? Sometimes real communication comes might also find that your honesty can lead to

when you can approach a roommate or a worthwhile friendship, a friendship with no sister and confess, "You really hurt my feelstrings attached, a friendship that you may ings when you cracked that joke about the prize highly throughout your life. It's hapten pounds I gained,"or when you can apolopened!

gize, "I'm sorry—/ should have realized,"Communication between two people canand you can both smile and somehow know be a risk—for you and for them. But it can

each other and love each other better for be worth that risk. How willing are you tohaving communicated. risk it—honestly? O

Son of Man hath descended below them all. when the big problems come. One drug

Art thou greater than he?"(See D&C 121, abuser had tried five times to kick the habit,

122.) These men knew the Lord. but only when he began to build a relationHowever, we don't need to be kings or ship with the Lord in the little things could

prophets to have such communication with he truly call on the Lord to help keep him the Lord. We ourselves can talk to him. We "straight."Noiv, instead of getting high on

don't need to talk to him only about our probdrugs, he rejoices in getting high on the goslems; we can also share some of the plans pel. And his method of "telling it like it is"and triumphs in our everyday lives. to the Lord—and then listening—works not

Furthermore, in order to really know him, only with drug problems, but with boy we must not only talk honestly to him, but problems, girl problems, parent problems, we must also listen honestly to him. One school problems, or any other problems.

college girl who always consulted the Lord The key to all this? Honest twoway combefore she accepted a date listened to his admunication. So when you say you want to

vice, and because she did, she is now married get to the celestial kingdom, keep in mind to a fellow she might never have dated except that celestial life has been defined as life that the Lord said, "Do it."She listened, eternal. "And this is life eternal, that they

then did it. might know thee the only true God, and Jesus

Finally, if we can talk to God and heed him Christ, whom thou hast sent."(John 17:3.)

in the little things, it won't be nearly so hard How well do you know God? Honestly? O

Announcing the most long awaite gasoline development in history

running on "The samecarafter to the exhaust attached balloon clear was ETJSIf AITHPIT'O six just with tanksful of Chevron running. the I \Mr The lUtV of this mMIm! engine car with pipe

sharply. balDirty F-310. emissions The reduced exhaust—Formula like this until dirty it looked exhaustBEFOREballoon began to fill with"A

Showing how exhaust emissions from dirty engines go into the loon remains clear! No dirty smoke. F-310 turns dirty smoke into

air—and waste mileage."good clean mileage."

in Chevron gasolinesNew F-3IO turns dirty exhaust into good clean mileage.

Now, research scientists at Standard Oil Company of Caliciently. Result: wasted gasoline goes out the exhaust pipe as

fornia have developed a remarkable new gasoline additive—unburned hydrocarbons, along with increased carbon monoxide

Formula F-310*—that sharply reduces dirty exhaust from dirty emissions. You can even see the emissions as dirty smoke. And

engines. And helps toward cleaner air. you can feel—and hear—the rough idlingIt all adds up to a

Tests conducted by Scott Research Laboratories, an indepencar that is unnecessarily emitting dirty exhaust and wasting dent research group, showed that Chevron gasolines with F-310 gasoline. Just six tanksful with F-310

reduced unburned bydrocarbon and carbon monoxide emissions can correct the condition. dramatically. Clearly, this is an important step towards solving Formula F-310 is now in all Chevron Chevron

one of today's major problems. gasolines at Standard Stations and in-

F-310 also improves mileage, because dirty exhaust is really dependent Chevron Dealers. In its

wasted gasoline. So F-310 literally keeps good mileage from formula and effectiveness, F-310 is ungoing up in smoke. like any other additive in any other

What causes an engine to produce dirty exhaust in the first gasoline.

place? Over a period of time, deposits make engines "run rich."*/:-3/fl Trademark lor Polyhulenc Amine

They actually consume more gasoline than they can burn effiGasoline Additive

Chevron with F-3IO. There isn't a earon the road that shouldn't be usingit.

Standard Oil Company of California

The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth About Learning By Bishop John H. Vandenberg

Every experience we have is a How proud we are to read and conversation can develop at the learning experience. Walt Whithear of the accomplishments of dinner table when each member of

man wrote a poem about a child our latterday youth in educational the family brings a tale to tell of who went out walking, and everyand other worthy pursuits.. We are the most interesting thing he saw

thing he saw became a part of pleased with the large numbers or heard during the day. How dehim. So it is with each of us. of young people who truly believe lightful to hear brothers and

Everything we see, hear, and do that the glory of God is intelligence sisters express a genuine interest becomes a part of us. Every day and who make every attempt to in the activities of one another, as

we learn something, by accident if fulfill their potential. they also are learning to comnot by choice. It is a great source of satisfacmunicate freely.

And yet each of us has free tion to know how many of our The Church sponsors.a program

agency and can choose, to some youth are taking advantage of for families to learn together in a extent, what we will learn. Reour seminary and institute classes, family home evening. This prosearchers tell us that a large as well as the regular priesthood gram is most successful in homes

percentage of today's youth is and auxiliary programs. We apwhere there is eager cooperation

educated mainly by television. preciate the dedicated people who and participation from the youth.

Claims have been made that love the youth and spend hours in Younger brothers and sisters folwatching television increases a prayer and study to present leslow the example of older ones in child's vocabulary. One researcher sons written under inspiration by their enthusiastic attitude.

asked a number of children beequally dedicated brothers and Often we are thrilled with the tween the ages of six and 12 to sisters. We are Concerned that all testimony meetings at youth conmake a list of words they had the youth of the Church have the ferences. We cannot help thinking

learned from television. Included advantage of such excellent learnwhat a welcome addition such

on the lists were 15 brands of beer ing experiences. testimonies would be in a ward

and 13 brands of cigarettes. A Our youth have opportunities of fast meeting, and what a valuable

certain brand of detergent was on learning to express themselves by experience for the youth to learn every list. Since we learn many accepting speaking assignments in to speak before adults in the

things in relation to others, the various church meetings. This is friendly, spiritual atmosphere of

question arises as to what the marvelous training for selfconfi- such a meeting.

other things are that are learned dence and success in life. The All of us learn from our assoin relation to these television person who can express himself ciates and daily companions. We

words. If children and adolescents always has an advantage over one hope and pray that our young

are learning that the highly adverwho cannot. We appreciate our people have companions from

tised products of television lead speech directors who willingly and whom they are learning how to to happiness and popularity, such eagerly offer help in training the live the gospel better, companions learning can only lead to disapyouth, for learning to communicate who will encourage and uplift pointment. is one of the most rewarding lesthem in their efforts. It is good to

Surely the outstanding young sons we can learn. be friendly with everyone and

people who are living the gospel Someone has said that concommendable to try to help those are not deceived by such illusion. versation has become a lost art. who seem headed in the wrong

With careful selection there are It need not be so in our families direction. Let us not forget, howgood things to be learned from when each member does his part ever, the child who went out walktelevision. to contribute. For example, happy ing, and everything he saw became

.

a part of him. We do learn from

our companions, and if we would It's cheaper be the teacher rather than the student, it would be well to be sure to Dial Direct we are as strong and wise and well prepared as we can be.

The Lord has admonished us to seek learning out of the best books, even by study and also by faith. MON TUES WED THURS FRI SAT SUNReading is an invaluable source of Now8 AM

Rate Ratelearning, and one in which Weekend70C or Lesswe must SI Day.35 or Less- - 3 Minutes 3 Minutes 45C or Less freeuse our agency in choosing Additional Each Minute 20C or Lesswisely what we read, for that which MinuteEach Additional

we read also becomes a part of us. 5 PM

is so There to learn to do. much Evening Rateor Less

directdialing Where to be. - 3 Minutesand is the youth best And Less gjijH 85C25C facilities are not orAdditional Each

time for learning. Youth is the available, directdial Minute

rates apply on 11 PM totime for prepare success and operatorhandled, To anywhere Night stationto-station in the RateMinute inhappiness the years ahead. U. S. continental 35CorLess-1-Latert. calls outof-state 2C.LessAlaska. except uor Additional Each Minute the continental is a tax forYouth time dewithin making d

Alaska. U.S., except 8 AM

cisions. If you decide you would Long Distance rates for outof-state calls you dial yourself

like to serve a mission, this is the time to prepare. If you look forMountain Bell

ward to a lifetime of satisfactory daily work, this is the time to learn the skills that will be required. We

are as proud of the young personwho is learning and pursuing a FREE career in one of the manual arts clicking of the youthas we are who is atwittia collegetending or a business school. minimum

is also for Youth a time dreaming, but let not the the balance of take dream place of the learning and the doing. If you dream of a temple $98

ismarriage, learn the time to now BANKING TRACYCOLLINS MAKE TO IDEA FROM A NEW to it takes of worthywhat be such ECONOMICAL! AND CONVENIENT US MORE EVEN WITH

a marriage. Now is the time to

prepare to be the kind of man or Perfectproceedsforfromthe thescoutbaketroopsale campingor the wholefund,wardthewoman who would be chosen by a budget! With TRACYCOLLINS':/98"you may AfiW

worthy person as a partner for never pay to write another check! And if your

serresulting the $98.00 dip below balance does foreternity. are looking If you oBANK InsAND TRUST

it! is notice you'll hardly vice charge so low a family of yourward to raising

own some day, now is the time to FDIC develop the personality and char151 South Main -4707 Holladay Boulevard 475 East Second South 888 East 45th South

Salt Lake City, Utah acter traits necessary to guide young children.

We have great faith and confidence in our Latterday Saint Widely acclaimed AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA youth of today. It is to you that the highly esteemed IN USE FOR OVER 75 YEARS

Church is looking for leadership in Aids in treatment of simple sore the days ahead. We feel sure that throat and other minor mouth

you will be prepared when the call Jewelry Company and throat irritations.

comes. O HALL'S REMEDY

42 W. 2nd So., Salt Lake City, Ut. 84101 Salt Lake City, Utah

Telephone (801) 3221039 Era, July 1970 49 vvwwvwwww NOW!

im&

YOU CAN

LIVE IN SALT LAKE CITY at the NEWHOUSE Center of City Overnight and Residential Free Parking Family Rooms Daily from $8.00

IHaw< (Gkdma EMdWt MONTHLY RATE Over a hundred years ago, the mountains.

the of of July, her family The twentyfourth and Greatgrandma $200.

pio- a twoanniversary pulled of the Mormon eight pushed and

PRIVATE ROOM—BATH wheeled wooden handcart, conneers'entering the Salt Lake

ALL MEALS and SERVICES taining all their possessions, for Valley, always brings out the urge flat for pioneering in our children. Re-—MAIL FOR DETAILS—1,330 miles—through the

plains of Nebraska, over the rockcently, that urge exploded, so my

NEWHOUSE City, four sisters and I decided to give4th South and Main stacked Rockies—from Iowa

Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 Iowa, to Salt Lake valley. our 16 combined offspring a clay

Name Greatgrandma was a real pioof camping.

neer. According to family tradition, At dawn on the morning of July

she was brave, stalwart, intrepid, 24, our pioneer caravan of four

Address noncomplaining, nevertiring, unsleek, smoothriding station wagselfish, resourceful, loving, and ons left our comfortable homes.

Print Name and Address kind. She was a pedestaled examThe cars were jammed full with

ple to her descendants. five mothers, five fathers, 16 chilHowever, there's little doubt dren of all ages, three dogs, and

that if Greatgrandma had lived the necessities for a day's outing.

now, she would have the latest As the cars were loaded, our husFIVE ACRES model car, hate walking, be downbands teased that we had enough with twelve acre feet of water. right skeptical about overnight junk to outfit Greatgrandma's

Four miles North of Cedar camping, and drag along as much whole handcart company.

City. Two miles from Airport. equipment as her greatgrand- "We have only the barest essenSuitable for horses, chickens daughters do for a day's outing in tials,"we told them.

or farming.

Write to Janet R. Balmforth of Provo, Utah, mother of four, is a former schoolteacher

now living in the Edgemont Sixth Ward, where she teaches Sunday School.

OLIVER LEFEVRE 932 N. Main

Cedar City, Utah 84720

N

SAVE WHERETO DOES MAKE A DIFFERENCE

CLARENCE H. TINGEY MARK B. GARFF T. WILLIAM COCKAYNE HUGH B. BROWN

Director Sr. Director, Vice Pres. Chairman of the Board President & Director

Director President Sr, Vice of The Twelve LD.S. Church Council Chairman,

Building Committee UtahIdaho Sugar Co. LD.S. Church

A. FRANKLIN FRED J. MURDOCK BAKER W. HOOPES EMERSON L. HARDY HAROLD

Director Director Vice President Vice President L.D.S. Chairman, Travel Murdock

Bldg. Bureau ChurchVice Committee

Thanks to these men there's no guesswork, no specuBy Janet R. lation when you save at DFS. Your money and your Balmforth

Illustrated by Don Young earnings are your own. No commissions, percentages, or fees to siphon away your gains. And you can

All we brought were only one get all of your money back whenever you need it. Your

yellow rubber raft (uninflated) and Savings are insured to $20,000 by the Federal Savfour paddles; two folding canvas ings and Loan Insurance Corporation.

cots and four army blankets; one

foldaway baby bed (the two babies ALL THIS PLUS HIGHEST INTEREST AVAILABLE could take turns); four folding ON INSURED -o/ON INSURED

/o turns);chairs take (we could one SAVINGS % PASSBOOK *J'I 51% a level (we'dbaby stroller need CERTIFICATES* 4 Tojf SAVINGS 2

campsite); one playpen; two gaso- *AS REGULATED BY F.H.L.B. 5

line stoves (we might not find wood) and two axes (we might find wood); three Boy Scout pack ft 12mMSERETFEDERALframes (no and knapsacks SAVINGS & 10ANASS

-yearold onto put foot boy would < 44 South Main St.MARKSalt LakeB. CityGARFF 95 No.PRESIDENTUniversity Ave. Provo

anything that resembled a moun- J tain without one); three ice chests

containing soda pop, watermelon, XS& and baby formula; five outsize carINTERLAKEN ESTATES

tons of food; four suitcases bulgIn Utah's Beautiful Heber Valley

ing with shoes, socks, jeans, and building lots available that will make a dream come true for your second home

Interlaken Estates

Southundies (someone was sure to fall 40 minutes from Salt Lake 223 into the lake, or it might rain); 30 minutes from Provo Salt Lake City,7th EastUtah

Sir! Valley Yes Heber Mountains Those and golf great walking course within of new 18holefour A metal boxes fishing gear

golfing, boating, attraction the of swimming, distance riding, fishing, skiing horseback snowand(this fathers'the was for dayexcit- like part attractive of opportunity investment mobiling in an An sound dream my dreaming); two baseballs, two ing growth area the future for complete relaxed living. Pleasefor

send me more information.bats, two coils of rope, two shovels, Complete utilities—electricity—water—sewage

two tarps (they're always handy disposalYear round activities in crisp mountain air Name

Addressfor something); four bags of hair

Telephone collect 3640447 (Mon. thru Fri. 8-5)

Saturday and Sunday and after 5 p.m. in Salt Lake 485-'8990 City State Zip Code,

in Provo 2252993 Era, July 1970 51 Come home to a real live girl! rollers and three cans of hair

spray (the girls just had to do their hair); a stack of old newspapers

(they're good for just about anything except eating); two boxes of

children's toys; four first aid kits

(we hoped we wouldn't need them);

three still cameras, one movie camera, three transistor radios, and 16 magazines.

After two hours on a smooth, dustless highway (Greatgrandma would have loved that) and a short jaunt over a dirt road past tall pines and green alpine meadows, we arrived at the campground.

Our young ones started climbing over each other to be the first sisters out but ones of the car, my -<*et GAS air conditioning.

I fast. idea that and squelched We

were going to find the perfect

MOUNTAIN FUEL campinging. Any oldspotplaceif itjusttookwouldn'tall morndo.

SUPPLY COMPANY So while our offspring grumbled and complained, and our husbands stretched and listened to the news on the car radios, we inspected campsites.

The first spot was too close to other campers; the next was too

PRESS wetmess,andwithboggy;some thesloppythirdcampers'was a

garbage; at the fourth, we saw a

snake slither through the underbrush (we couldn't run from there fast enough); the fifth had only

two tables and a broken fireplace;

the sixth, well, it wasn't perfect, but we guessed it would do. We'd

have gladly examined six more spots, but it sounded as though

Call (801) 4861892 thers a bad time.X 1600 Empire Road Salt Lake City, Utah 84104 the children were giving their faAnd those fathers had to make

smart remarks that if Greatgrand- Layout and Design Typography m ma had been as fussy about her Phototypography Lithographic Offset

Letterpress 4-Color Process Separations nightly camps, she wouldn't have in yet! arrived Utah

Bindery Shipping and Mailing the During at the lake, we day used everything we brought. We

had the gasoline stoves burning, and woodfires, too. Most of the

kids had to have their wet clothes

.

changed (they fell in the lake, and we really needed. Next time, we ways been told, she'd have looked

it did rain a little). The only unwould bring a couple of beach umaround our camp and said, "What

used items were the husbands'brellas, a portable TV, some insect is wrong with you, granddaughfishing equipment. They should spray, a carton of disposable diaters? You're mighty forgetful. Here,

have known they would spend the pers (Greatgrandma would have make a list of the things you've day giving rides in the yellow rubpulled two handcarts for some forgotten."

ber raft, pulling drenched daughcartons of these), and some pilAfter all, Greatgrandma spent ters out of the lake, and rescuing lows—and leave the dogs at home. 64 weary nights on the handcart

adventuresome explorers (little And if Greatgrandma could trail, and she had plenty of time boys) from the tops of tall pines. have been with us, and if she were to dream about the comforts she

We thought of a dozen things half as enterprising as we've alleft far behind. o

Campers Get

Mealtime Break

Relax in Enchanted HAWAII Reserve space on one of can carry less and spend Now you toursT Monthly less MURDOCK's time yet delicious enjoy cooking—more 14, April 12, June Mav,.—Prices before! than meals ever 13. I, Oct. Aug. 1 16, -*i**irB*-.

by CAMPLITE PermaPak New FOODS LOW available dishes such gourmet make INC. are TRAVEL, as M URDOCK Stroganoff, Beef Chicken Moun- & Rice, in Idaho

tain... delicious, meals complete Stew 14 South Main Street

for four in a single, waterproof bag. Salt Lake City, Utah

Breakfasts, Lunches, Trail Lunches, Scores of styles, thermographed or DuraDinners. graved, all the accessories. Buy direct

Send for Free Catalogs—Camping Foods, Survival Please send information on and save from West's leading manufacturKits, Food Storage Plans. your Hawaiian tours. er of mailorder wedding invitations. Rush

orders shipped same day received!

Please send free Camplite catalogs to: Name

Address

City State

Send for FREE catalog, samples (25c if airmail desired) REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440

NameCAMP Address # 40 EAST 2430 SOUTH, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84115 City, State,. Zip

HE LEADING L.D.S. FUNERAL DIRECTORS OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA

arpersonally service Every L.D.S.

Melvin P. Randall directed supervised and Manager, L.D.S. by Mgr.LowellSanJ.GabrielCampbellUnit Department ranged,

2941025 these leading L.D.S. Funeral Directors. 2830023 2870595

A staff of 12 competent L.D.S.

men and women to assist you.

Regardless of where you own cemetery property, call Pierce Brothers for "THE PERFECT TRIBUTE"Los Angeles, Phone 213749-4151

B M>

.. More Latterday JO Saint families call

Wallace R. Reid Donald E. Baxter

Associate Associate PIERCElilBRPTHERS21 CONVENIENT NEIGHBORHOOD MORTUARIES 2849817 8383956

Today's Family

Camilla Eyring Kimball

"I have come to realize,"says TERRIFIC TURNABOUT Camilla Eyring Kimball, "that my

The Great Seventies Dress family is the most precious thing in With New Longuette Pants my life. Our life is wrapped up in A Remarkable

our children; their joys and sorrows,

Silken jersey, ingeniously designed to successes and disappointments make zip and tie in front! or in back! Wear up our life. They are all important Woman

dress short. Wear Maxi with pants.

I to us. just wish that the members Deep dress hem for lengthening. Now By Mabel Jones Gabbott grandchildren, of the family—the Prints: (shown) yellow, Art Nouveau

orange, turq, black 100% Antron the cousins—were not so scattered. Manuscript Editor

Nylon. Moonflowers, exotic black on Families seem to be more mobile

white Triacetate. Arnel 100% Dress today—they were more closely knit

8 to 18. Pants P, $24. S, M, L. $12.

when I was a child. We need to

Ensemble $34 MailPostpaidCheckin orU.S.A.M.O. cultivate our relatives as well as our

friends. We do not know our own

relatives until we make the effort fourthTop,fromCamilla,left, to know them."in ColoniawithJuarez,girl friends1910

The unusual childhood of Camilla brought her into intimate and un- (Kimball)Center,with herMisshomeCamillaeconomicsEyring forgettable circumstances with her class at MillardHinckley,Academy,Utah cousins, grandparents, parents, and all members of her family. She was KimballBottom,withPresidenttheir fiveandchildrenSister

born to Edward Christian Eyring and first grandchild and Caroline Romney Eyring in Colonia Juarez, Chihuahua, Mexico, and was baptized in the Piedras

Verde River, which she remembers times, she caught "a good paddling had a fringe of ice on the water. from mama."

Until about 1910 the family lived "Mama"was Caroline Romney, a in a red brick home on the east side daughter of Miles Park Romney of the river, which divided the little and Catherine. Cottam Romney.

village of Colonia Juarez. Camilla She had been born in St. George

went to school in the ward chapel; and had moved with her family'to

the bell in the church, being the St. John's, Arizona, where her

town's timekeeper, called the chilfather printed a newspaper, the dren to school. ("I still have a Orion Era. Later they had moved

nostalgic feeling when I hear a to Mexico. Edward Christian

church bell ring,"she reminisced. Eyring, Camilla's father, was a son

Across the Piedras Verde River of Henry Eyring, who had been was a swinging bridge that Camilla called in 1862 to help settle Utah's

WRITE TODAY ABOUT LE VOY'S crossed when she stopped after Dixie, at St. George, Utah. In 1887

EXCITING CAREERS school to play with Augusta Ivins, Grandfather Henry Eyring moved

Own your own highly profitable whose family lived on the west side his family to Mexico.

fashion business through our excluof the river. The rule was to be One day Bishop Miles Romney sive WarehouseDistributorship

Program. home by sundown. The western brought to his home in Mexico

Or, become a skilled Fashion Conhills covered the sun earlier at the young Edward Eyring, as a guest sultant representing LeVoy's luxuIvins home, and if Camilla ran as at a gala party. Caroline and her

rious Lingerie & AtHome Fashions. fast as she could across the swingmother were picking flowers in the

ing bridge, she could just make it yard as they rode up. In the first

Complete Training.. Unlimited to her home by sundown. If she glance between Caroline Romney

Advancement loitered, which did happen someand Edward Eyring, Camilla's fuLE VOY'S 2511 S.W. Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84115 54

Camilla Eyring Kimball Spencer and Camilla Kimball in Pompeii, Italy, July 1937

Camilla, one year old, in Colonia Juarez, Mexico

Camilla, 'Popular Young Couple Weds"her brother Henry—Mr. and Mrs. Spencer Kimball m$p*

and sister Mary

ture life was born. Her name, theatricals were most exciting—for their father thought they would

Camilla, meaning "an attendant at "Grandfather Romney was a great be back in a couple of weeks.

sacrifice,"gains added significance Shakespearean actor,"she recalls. Camilla was 17, the oldest in her

when all the facets of the life of There were opportunities for eveiy family, and she recalls the summer this remarkable woman are known. talent. "We worked together with in El Paso, the crowded encampCaroline and Edward Eyring our peer groups to produce our ment for the women and children,

made for Camilla a happy, secure own fun."the dreadful heat, the food furchildhood in Colonia Juarez, where This unusually close sort of comnished them by the government.

outings, parties, Shakespearean panionship in the faraway colony "The Red Cross brought daily radramas, weekly dances, and school was shattered by the Mexican civil tions for the women and the entertainment were all familywar. Camilla remembers the years children,"she said, "and I got so

community oriented. of guerilla warfare, when bandits tired of puffed wheat and canned

"There are advantages,"Sister would come into town and help salmon."By October the men had

Kimball believes, "in having one's themselves to anything they wanted left Mexico, leaving large holdings life span from the horse and buggy from the general store, or drive at a great loss.

days to the jet age. It is only by through the cattle range, killing As part of the restitution made by

contrast that we can fully apprewhat animals they wanted. By the the Mexican government, free railciate. I find delight in reliving my summer of 1912 the Saints had to road tickets to any state in the

childhood, which was spent in the leave their homes. "This was a Union were offered to those Mordays when the family was selftraumatic time,"she said, "leaving mons who had friends or relatives

sufficient and the small community home and security so suddenly and to sponsor them. Camilla traveled

was one big family."so illprepared."The day before by train to Provo, Utah, to live

She remembers that often they they left, they had bottled 100 with her Uncle Carl Eyring and to wrote their own plays and canquarts of blackberries. These they attend Brigham Young University

tatas, and the locally produced hid under the floor of the porch, High School. (She had completed

Era, July 1970 55 two years of high school at Juarez which afforded them many wonListed first on her hobbies is

Stake Academy.) derful trips, including a tour in reading ( she has been a very popuSister Kimball smiles as she re1937 of 13 countries in Europe, and lar reader for public and dramatic

calls those first school days in three trips to Palestine. They had presentations), and second is her

Provo. It was a time of changing moved into a new home in Safford, fine needlework (she has taken

hemlines, and she had left El Paso Arizona, when, in 1943, there came state fair prizes for needlepoint and with two new dresses and a coat, "the fateful telephone call that crocheting). She loves to travel,

all short in length, only to find changed the whole plan of our especially with her family, and has that hemlines dropped that fall to lives. Spencer was called to be a collected silver spoons and figurines

ankle length. It was almost Christmember of the Quorum of Twelve from around the world.

mas before her mother could get Apostles of the Church."And so As a teenager, Sister Kimball

enough material to make her two the Kimballs moved to Salt Lake taught an adult class of women old other dresses with the new style City, and a new chapter in their enough to be her mother, and she hemline. The coat was still short, lives began. had the temerity, she says, to think

and she had to wear it. "I laugh Sister Kimball has always been she couldteach them not only to

now,"she says, "but it was a tragedy a loyal supporter of her very cook and keep house, but how to then to a 17year-old."busy, successful, publicspirited, and rear their children. Now 50 years

Those were days of stress and churchserving husband. She has later and having reared a family of

adjustment. Camilla worked long also made an intelligent and her own, she says she would not be

hours to pay for board and room spiritual contribution wherever they so bold as to tell anyone how to and earn extra money for schoolhave lived. When President and do it. However, her very fine and

ing. The happy, secure life she had Sister Kimball were awarded the accomplished family speak for her.

known was gone; but the happy honorary Master M Man and They include Spencer LeVan Kimlife, she came to learn, is not Golden Gleaner awards in June, ball, Olive Beth Kimball Mack,

ushered in at any age to the sound 1958, it was said of Camilla: "She Andrew Eyring Kimball, and Edof drums and trumpets. "It grows never tires of serving others, and ward Lawrence Kimball. "Somehow

upon us year by year, little by particularly in doing good to those I feel,"she says, "that we are very little, until at last we realize we who might be forgotten by others. fortunate to have four wonderful

have it. You do not find the happy She radiates the spirit of the gospel children, all with college and adlife,"she says. "You make it."wherever she is. Rich indeed is vanced degrees, all of whom have

Camilla began making for herone who has had an opportunity to been married in the temple to fine self a happy life. In June 1914, become well acquainted with her. spouses, and who have given us 27

when she was graduated from high She has that rare balance of wonderful grandchildren.

school, she had also completed a sophistication and humility and of "I am grateful for the wonderful college major in home economics restraint and friendliness which modern conveniences and for all the with a special certificate to teach characterizes a great and unusual exciting developments modern sciin Church academies. She spent a person."ence has brought us,"adds Camilla

summer at the University of CaliSister Kimball has always been Eyring Kimball. "But I know they

fornia at Berkeley, and visited the glad to share her talents and her do not automatically bring happiWorld's Fair in San Francisco. academic training. She has contribness. There were some advantages

She later taught school at Gila uted in home economics, through in the busy, selfsufficient days of

Academy, Thatcher, Arizona, and extension service work. Her knowlyesteryear. Some of that simple

Millard Academy, in Hinckley, edge of books and her wide reading life can be recaptured with family

Utah. She also spent a year in have supported and sustained the camping trips and visits to rural

Logan, Utah, attending Utah State growth and development of liareas. Such experiences should help

Agricultural College (now Utah braries. As president of the Eastern us to reevaluate and should remind

State University). She was married Arizona Federated Women's Clubs, us that we should not take our

to Spencer W. Kimball on Novemshe was an inspiration to her fellow luxuries for granted nor consider

ber 16, 1917. club women. She has worked in them allimportant. Happiness is

The Kimballs made their home in the Cancer Society and has particiachieved in individuals, not by

Arizona, where four children were pated in educational television, flights to the moon or Mars—but

born to them. Elder Kimball was representing a great books discusin the satisfactions of mature admade District Governor of Rotary, sion group. justment to life."O

56 Era, July 1970 Joan Fisher, a young LDS woman whose home is in Salt Lake City, was chosen Mrs. America 1970 for

her skills as a homemaker, as well as for her beauty and other accomplishments that typify the ideal American housewife.

Joan finds joy in preserving food for her family and sharing her specialties (mustard pickles, especially!) with friends.

Mrs.America'70

uses Ball 'T)ome"Lids for a reason that's Out of this world!"

Joan Fisher says:

"My kitchen and Outer Space have a lot in common. I trust my

bottling to the new 'Dome'lids because they are made by Ball.

Ball research scientists and engineers in Boulder, Colorado, developed 'OSO'the orbiting solar observatory satellites that monitor sun flares and help determine when it's safe to send astronauts to the moon. LOOK FOR THIS

The same team that perfected a way REDAND SEALINGTHE NICERING to seal precious instruments ENAMELCLEAN WHITELINING IN in 'the hard vacuum'of Outer Space THIS BLUE AND WHITE BOX.'

stands behind the vacuum seal You put the goodness in...

you get with Ball 'Dome'lids."Ball "Dome"Lids keep it in!

TheLDS Scene

FOOD STORAGE MADE EASY!

For most folks, getting started is the toughest part of a successful home food storage program.

But now, Stor-A-Way Corp. has made food storage easier

with the new Stor-A-Way Inventory and Planning forms.

This easyto-use guide will tell you where you are now, and will help you decide where you OUGHT TO BE.

Regional Representative For your Stor-A-Way Planning and Inventory Kit, send Of Council of Twelve 25*! to: The First Presidency has appointed Adney Y.

Komatsu, a former 725 East 4th South president of the Northern

Salt Lake City, Utah 84102 Far East Mission, as a new

And, when you decide what's needed, Stor-A-Way offers Regional Representative a most complete line of products and services: of the Council of the

Rodeo President Twelve. Brother Komatsu,

- Fruits Dehydrated and - BeansGrains - Honey businessman, a Hawaiian Melvin D. Griffeth,

- - Dried EggsVegetables Yeast Kerosene Lamps - Dry his wife, at Ricks College, - instructor Judy Nobue and - - Grinders Bread StovesCoal Meat - Canned Wheat

Mixers - Vitamins - Storage Books - Animal Traps - Dried Idaho, has been elected Futitani Komatsu, are

Soups - Dried Beverages - Emergency Tools - Water and national faculty president the parents of four

Containers StorageFood Komatsu children. Brother - Candles - Water Purification of the National

- Salt. - Molasses Equipment to Intercollegiate appointed Rodeo has been

Association, an association supervise stakes in

Storft-Way Carp. of 115 colleges. Hawaii and Japan.

725 East 4th South Street Salt Lake City, Utah 84102 (801) 3558732

If you are interested in making money at home in your spare time taking Stor-A-Way orders, call or write to see if you can qualify as a Stor-A-Way Neighborhood Agent.

Stor-W-'W*!,

NOW AVAILABLE in response to many AllChurch Volleyball Championships requests- a reissue of one of the The everexciting allChurch volleyball championships were great books of the Church: recently concluded with the Church College of Hawaii defeating

the Polynesian Ward of San Francisco 15-9, 4-15, and 1510 for the senior championship. The junior championship was GOSPEL * won by Taylorsville (Salt Lake County) Ward, which defeated

Winder (Salt Lake County) Ward 1416, 1511, and 1715. STANDARDSby President Heber J. Grant Sportsmanship trophies were awarded to Thousand Oaks

An Improvement Era publication (California) Ward, senior division, and Placerville( California)

Order from Ward, junior division. MIA athletic officials announced at the

tournament that 1970 will see two allChurch volleyball championships because volleyball competition is being advanced six months in the MIA schedule. Another allChurch

tournament will be held November 6-7.

SaltLakeCity.Utah84111

And at book dealers everywhere.

Price is only $4.95 postpaid

twelfth edition 58 W*:

Winning Pianist Historian Honored YWMIA Executive Tabernacle Organist

Lingwall Sister has Helen priest Giles, L. a Dr.Christopher Richard Anderson, Honored

secretaryappointed beenin (California) at the of history Van Nuys professor Dr. Robert Cundick, one of the treasurer Young declaredWard, has been University, Young Brigham of the Tabernacle Mutual Women's of Brewstertheco-winner recently by honored was organists, has been Association. ImprovementAllison National Piano History the Mormon S. awarded the Lewis Elmer of the YWMIA member A articles forCompetition. young his Association The for award having scored years, for board general 19 also early history, has two won onman Mormon in highest national music Lingwall been Sister hasother competitions. piano of which appeared most In competition. addition of the secretary YWMIA in Era. Brother the to accepting the award Girls Program. series Anderson's on in City York New

"New Evidence from ceremonies, he also gave

Modern Witnesses"was a recital, including some published in the Era of his own compositions.

August 1968 to August 1969.

Kodak Film Original QUALITY DEVELOPING

SAVE UP TO 50% SURVIVAL K0DAC0L0R Developing and Jumbo Prints 8 Exposure Rolls: $2.55 Save 77$ GARDEN

12 Exposure Rolls; $2.75 Save $1.73 A unique and important addition

Reprints from Negs: $.19 ea. Save 10$ to your food storage program.

KODACHROME or EKTACHROME Eleven varieties of highest quality

Developed into Slides or Movie Film vegetable seeds. Vacuumpacked in an

watertight container. and GuaranSlides: Save Mtd. $1.35 20 90$ air 35mm,

nutrients producing energy teed to vegefresh produce enough Slides: Save $1.20 $2.40 into every 36 Mtd, wheat. grain of 35mm,

They enjoy. and are thereWhenfor youyou haveto use a Super 8 or 8mm Movie: $1.35 Save 90$ tables to sustain a large family for

Mill can Flour LEE you Home five three to months. better health to eat your way

roll, loof of bread with every

Prints Developing and Jumbo for Perfect projects. raising fund bakeyou Ward B & W nature's throw away Why

a Lee Household bounty? Get (including per postage). $4.00 can

stone Mill grind Flour and.99 Rolls: Save 85$ 12 Exposure $

flour for superb own order. Send or check money flavor comand Save ea. yourwholesome.08 Prints: 4$ Jumbo $

nutritional vigor. Write plete

forHANDYpricesELECTRICtoday. COMPACT Clyde Robin "Survival Garden"

AUTOMATIC PHOTOS GENEALOGY P.O. 2091 Box for yourself. or check Send Judge money

Flour Smith $1.50 5 recipes free Valley, Castro California 94546

Flour. using order Wholefor lb.WheatDeaf Negs. from old photos: $.60 Save 40$

Dept. IE 7-70

.08 Prints negatives: Save $ from. 4$ Name ENGINEERING LEE CO. Utah order: Min. $1.00

Ave., Milwaukee, Wis. Address 2023 W. Wisconsin film Place Sales 53233 dentsINSTRUCTIONS: Tax & remitresi- add 3V2%

tance in heavy envelope and mail to: City

State Zip Code.

SAM'S PHOTO LAB *[ ] Send special prices for Ward fund raising

P.O. Box 1115. Dept. 2, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

Don and Betsy are newlyweds, every type of family—the single The Family Home Evening Manjust establishing their own home. person, young married couples, ual will help bring unity and joy to

How can they hold home evenings? families with young children and the families of the Church."

Brother and Sister Parker have those with teenagers, and older What makes the new manual so six children, ranging in age from persons. special? These features:

two to 16. How can they make Why are Church members urged 1, A new size. Approximately

home evenings interesting for a to have regular family home 8M x 11 inches in size, the new book family with such a wide age span? evenings? At a recent seminar for is easier to handle and features

Margaret has just moved into an Regional Representatives of the more than 25 beautiful fullcolor apartment with three other girls. Twelve, Elder Boyd K. Packer of New Testament illustrations to

What can they do to have home the Council of the Twelve stated: supplement the home evening disevening experiences together? "The purpose of the family home cussions. These illustrations can be

Sister Johnson, a widow, lives in evening is to draw families together held up during the discussions so a small apartment. How can she in love and sweet association, to each family member can see them,

hold home evenings? open the doors of communication and the book is so attractively illusAndrew and Glenna Martin have between parents and children to trated and designed that it can be

three preschool children. How can make them happy they live together proudly placed in a convenient

they keep their children interested and belong to one another—place in the home where the family

in lesson presentations? eternally."members can browse through it

These are just a few of the situaIn a message addressed to "all during the week.

tions in which Church members Church leaders,"distributed at the 2. Flexibility. In the past, lesmight be found, and a few of the same seminar, President Joseph sons in the Family Home Evening

questions that arise when family Fielding Smith stated: "Every famManual have been related to each

home evenings are discussed. The ily in the Church should be made other in a sequential order, with

new book, Family Home Evenings aware of the helpful features of the several lessons devoted to one sub1970-71, now ready for distribution forthcoming 197071 Family Home ject and grouped together. This

to members of the Church throughEvening Manual. All should be year many different subjects are

out the world, has a new look and most desirous of having it in their treated, more than a family can a new approach, one that is adapthomes. We encourage you to do possibly use in one year. Most

able and can be applicable for all you can to promote this program. families may wish to proceed in se60

Tw m.Heaven* b******iZ*! f5

, (ioUf '

..v * nwff * ****** I

s?

quential order, while others may have suggestions for special occapamphlets will be presented to the elect to follow their weekly interests sions, such as birthdays, Easter. home teachers of the Church durand choose those lessons they want New Year's Eve, and Christmas. ing the fall months so they can

to discuss. The third discussion of The important thing is that each better fulfill their obligation to

the manual is titled "Meeting the family member come to know, love, "watch over the church always,

Family Needs,"and outlines an and appreciate being with others in and be with and strengthen them."

evening when family members can the family through a relaxed and The goal this year is to double discuss the titles and topics of this congenial atmosphere in the family family participation.

year's lessons and decide which home evening. In April general conference,

ones most interest them and meet 5. Practical helps. The manual Elder Marvin J. Ashton, Assistant

their needs. has helpful suggestions for such to the Council of the Twelve, told

3. Adaptability. Each family family problems as death in the of a comment by a 17year-old girl:

home evening section has suggesfamily, moving to a new home, and "Dad and I no longer have a comtions for families with older chilhow to face a financial crisis. munication hang up. Thanks to

dren as well as simplified special 6. Gospel instruction, based on family home evenings, we are back

helps for families with young the New Testament. Lessons and on the same wave length and are

children. Singlemember and allfull-color paintings stress important now pretty well tuned in."This is

adult member families can suppleconcepts from the lives of Christ the kind of communication the ment the material of the lessons and the apostles. prophet Malachi may have been

with additional study and thus A special pamphlet for home talking about when he said:

broaden the scope of the concepts teachers, to help them encourage "Behold, I will send you Elijah presented. their families to hold regular famthe prophet before the coming of

4. Emphasis on doing things toily home evenings, suggests that the great and dreadful day of the

gether. One of the ways in which more successful and enjoyable Lord:

families can draw together "in love evenings result when families are "And he shall turn the heart of and sweet association"is through (1) less formal, (2) compliment the fathers to the children, and the having special activities together. rather than criticize, (3) follow heart of the children to their

Many of the home evenings have family interests, (4) respect all fathers...."(Mai. 4:5-6.)

games and activities that introduce opinions, and (5) have delicious Family home evenings can inand stress spiritual ideas; others refreshments. This and other spire that turning of the heart. O

Era, July 1970 61.

Buffs and Rebuffs

CCA Christensen Concerning the excellent article and pictures on C.C.A. Christensen [May], you

may be interested to learn that in my

Danish grandfather's old hymnbook I find 25 hymns written by C.C.A. Christensen.

T. W. Measom

Spanish Fork, Utah

Conclusion of Nibley's Series The series "A New Look at the Pearl of

Great Price"by Dr. Hugh Nibley, which

recently concluded [May], is surely the most provocative and significant material ever published by the Era. Brother Nibley's great spiritual and intellectual courage is matched only by his devotion to

the nobility that always characterizes eternal truth. He has given a priceless

gift to all those "who have ears to hear,"and he deserves their gratitude. ("For

DESERET NEWS what doth it profit a man if a gift is bestowed upon him, and he receive not the gift?") Is the CHURCH NEWS in your home? Mrs. Barbara Armatage

i—DESERET NEWS 143 South Main Street Snowflake, Arizona Every week the Deseret News

"Church News"Section brings CHURCH NEWS Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

Latterday together. Saints Fiction

Please send subscription information on the It is an official organ of the

I want to write and tell you how much I "Church News."reports, contains Church and

Bird, fiction I'm "Dickie enjoyed the instruction that news and article Courage."the Sorry,"and "I Knew should be in L.D.S. every home. Name.

It costs so little. Mail this Address [April].

coupon now for information. Mrs. Clyde Wilson

City State Fresno, California

Concerning "Dickie Bird, I'm Sorry,"that one can consider the boy's scouting

WEDDING INVITATIONS & ACCESSORIES byexperiencethis givingresultingassuagementin his conversionto the Scoutand his guilty feelings from stemming MERCOTYPE 7Rmercograph is attitude treatment of the beand boy FIRST 100 TOO M first$5.75 $7 forgot I feel the author some me. plain Printed on finest or paneled—$19.75kGenuine steel die engravedved—master'syond letters (thermography) Raised

vellum wedding papers in sharp, beautiful and distinctive and a Engraving plate sent with your very important things in her infatuation clean new type faces. sincere value at this price. order. 15day delivery. with missionary work. What about the

Golden Rule? Shouldn't he have tried

NEW! Art rendering of all L.D.S. to be a partner and a friend to this boy?

Temples for your wedding stationery Shouldn'tand horseplayhe havebeforestoppedsomeone'sthe liferidiculewas

Over 60 styles from which to choose endangered? I realize the story is fiction,

including all the elegant vellums but I can't help but feel that events simiand finest parchments in silver lar to this happen all too often, and any gray and beautiful pastels. Also conversionsdo not compensateaccruingforfromthis suchviolationactionsof

informals, enclosures, thank you humanity.

notes, at home cards, napkins, Linda Vache Brubaker photo albums, L.D.S. wedding Bakersfield, California

books, and many accessories.

WILL SATISFACTIONBE PROMPTLY ORDERGUARANTEED WITH COMPLETEOR REFUNDED.YOUR CONFIDENCE.MONEY AND CHEERFULLY

ALLTISSUEDWEDDINGAND INSERTEDINVITATIONSINTO INSIDEAND ANNOUNCEMENTSENVELOPES.

FREE Gifts with every order One Small Consolation FREE CATALOG and FREE By Evalyn M. Sandberg

Etiquette Wheel or (50c if airmail re- / am not omnipotent—

quested) credited on but there's a sweetness in it:

your order. I can't control eternity,

MERCURY Name but I can shape the minute.

PUBLISHING CO. Address

139 SOUTH EAST 3900

CITY, 84107 City State Zip 62 LAKE SALT UTAH

The good old simmer time.

Buy an Electric Air Conditioner Now and Beat the Heat

Do hot, sticky summers leave you wilted? Why not

Portrait of the Prophet take the "cool cure"and air condition electrically?

Prices are now down lower than what they were 10

In December 1966, the Era published a photograph of a painting and asked, "Is years ago on electric room air conditioners. Electric

this a portrait of the Prophet Joseph central air conditioning systems cost 5075% less.Smith?"

doing some been Since then, I have of a Order now while the selection is good. pictures locatedsearching and have

nephew of the Prophet. He is J. Winter

Smith, patriarch of the San Jose (CaliStake, years offornia) 89 and age. Utah Power & Light Company Picture cover. Era is yourPicture #1

#2 is a copy of the first picture that Every Year Electricity Does More for You originally struck me with its likeness"to the features of the painting. Pictures #3

and #4 are of Brother Smith in his youth.

How much would he resemble the

Prophet at this period? I asked him why

he combed his hair forward and he said FOR OLDFASHIONED HEALTHGIVING GOODNESS that he had a natural cowlick that wouldn't stay back. I thought this interesting in light of the Prophet's hair style. HOME SIZE "CORONA"GRAIN MILL

Picture #5 is a copy of a photograph of laterBrother date, at a. the Smith with

shirt style Ithair of the Prophet. and is STONE Mill,"Corona"modelGrain

interesting to observe the comparison of 1CTSP, for use the chin, mouth, nose, eyes, ears, and GROUND with wheat, corn, general appearance of Brother Smith and nuts, etc. Easily adjusts

ofthe cover. painting I feel that your

isif your cover of not a painting the FLOUR MILLS grinding.for fine or$11.75coarsepostpaid

Prophet Joseph Smith, then it would Grind your own flour!... Eat your west of Rockies. $12.75

likely be someone in his family. way to better health with an All Grain postpaid east of Rockies.

T. J. Thomassen flour mill. $14.95 postpaid to Canada.

San Jose, California Free Corona mill with every AllGrain Utah residents add 53c tax.

mill sold. Write now for more inforExtra plates for Corona mills.

mation. $1.95 per set, postpaid.

- MctinSmithfield, Utah 84335 Era, July 1970 63 Send orders to SMITHFIELD IMPLEMENT CO."N

New stake presidencies: President The First Presidency announced the

The Church TufugaLittlefordS. andAtoa Vernand counselorsA. Ah Ching,MarkApiaS. callsmissions,of thewithfollowingspecificasfieldspresidentsof laborof

C. Stake; President (Samoa) Charles later: to be announced Lorenzo H. Moves On

counselors and Keyte Monk L. Hanson Wright, Dale Mesa Arizona; M. Valenand Milo J. Nimmer, Milwaukee (Wistine, currently working in Peru; Dewitt

consin) Stake. C. Smith, Milwaukee, Wisconsin; Charles

Didier, supervisor of the Liege (BelApril 1970 May 1970 gium) Distribution Center of the Church;

R. Raymond Barnes, Moraga, California;

Gettysburg (Pennsylvania) Stake, The First Presidency announced Henry V. Jenkins, Jacksonville, Florida;

the 510th stake now functioning, was that the following men have been called and Carlos E. Asay, Provo, Utah.

organized by Elder Mark E. Petersen of to serve as mission presidents: Eugene The annual twoday allChurch volleythe Council of the Twelve. Laurence L. D. Bryson, Harlan L. Clark, Leo W. ball tournament concluded as the

Yager was sustained as president, with Russon, Clyde J. Summerhays, Joe J. Church College of Hawaii defeated the

John F. Grove, Jr., and Kenneth B. Christensen, Wallace G. Bennett, and Polynesian Ward of San Francisco for

Hirneisen as counselors. Edward E. Drury, Jr., all of Salt Lake the senior trophy, and Taylorsville won

Columbia (Missouri) Stake was orCity, and Marshall T. Burton of Provo. over Winder Third Ward (both in the

ganized by President Spencer W. KimTheir mission areas will be announced Salt Lake Valley) for the junior crown.

ball of the Council of the Twelve, with later..

Samuel D. Richards as president and kJ Reassignments of several General

Boyd E. Terry and Nephi M. Patton as Renton Stake, the 514th now funcAuthorities as supervisors of missions

counselors. This is the 511th stake of tioning, was organized by Elder Thomas were announced by the First Presidency:

the Church. S. Monson of the Council of the Twelve Elder Hugh B. Brown of the Council of

New stake presidency: James L. from parts of Tacoma and Seattle East the Twelve will supervise the MidShelley and counselors Heber D. Layton stakes in Washington. Harris A. MortenAmerican Missions, succeeding Presiand Merrill G. Christensen, Maricopa sen was sustained as president, with dent Harold B. Lee. Elder Boyd K.

(Arizona) Stake. Lorin R. Anderson and Richard N. TemPacker of the Council of the Twelve

A seminar for Latterday Saint men ple as counselors. will supervise missions in the British

about to enter military service was held New stake presidency: President Isles, succeeding President Spencer W.

in Salt Lake City, with instructions given Vernon J. Thomas succeeds President Kimball, acting president of the Twelve.

to them by Elder Gordon B. Hinckley of Donald M. Ferguson, deceased, in Elder David B. Haight, Assistant to the

the Council of the Twelve. Taped mesTemple View (Salt Lake City) Stake. Twelve, will assist Elder Gordon B.

sages from President Harold B. Lee and. New counselors are John A. Soderborg Hinckley of the Council of the Twelve

Elders Mark E. Petersen and Boyd K. and Melvin W. Potter. in supervising part of the South AmeriPacker were presented.

The Need for Patience U Mt. Vernon (Virginia) Stake, 512th By Webb Dycus

stake now fuctioning, was organized by

President Spencer W. Kimball of the Some things are never hurried:

Council of the Twelve, from portions of Green, runningspring-touched hills, the Potomac Stake. Allen C. Rozsa was Plum stars in fencerow thickets,

sustained as president, with Reed P. Icecaptive meadow rills.

Thompson and Earl E. Olsen as counselors. In time that may seem timeless,

Love grows at its own pace.

Apia (Samoa) West Stake, 513th

Birth is a slow fruition, now functioning, was organized by

Elder Howard W. Hunter of the Council And character in a face.

of the Twelve, with Percy J. Rivers So faith, by gradual stages,

named as stake president and Alvin E. Is greatened, bit by bit,

Weeks and Charles C. Schwenke as Till it becomes a strong staff,

counselors. And one can climb with it.

can missions (this assignment to be people for no return of any sort,"said ESJ The First Presidency announced effective at least until Elder Bernard P. President G. Carlos Smith, Jr., of the the appointment of Rex C. Reeve, Jr.,

Brockbank has completed his duties of Southeast Asia Mission. The IRO deProvo, as a mission president, with his

supervising the Mormon Pavilion at scribed the Mormon campaign as mission to be announced later.

Expo '70, Osaka, Japan). Elder William "aggressive."The appointment of Adney Y.

H. Bennett, Assistant to the Twelve, Two pioneer homes in Salt Lake City, Komatsu, a Hawaii businessman, as a

succeeds Elder Packer, who has been the Beehive House, restored residence Regional Representative of the Twelve assisting Elder Marion G. Romney in of Brigham Young, and the Thomas was announced. He is assigned to the

supervising the West European misKearns mansion, were placed on the Hawaii region and the singlestake sions. President Milton R. Hunter of National Register of Historic Sites. Tokyo region.

the First Council of the Seventy will assist Elder Delbert L. Stapley of the

Council of the Twelve in supervising the "The Spoken Word"from Temple and over KSL presented Square, SpanishAmerican,West The

SysBroadcasting the Columbia South, and West Mexican missions.

April 26, 1970. 1970. tem the Texas SpokenWord

Roseville Stake, 515th in the current roll call of stakes, was organized The boomerang: it does come back...

by Elder Howard W. Hunter of the By Richard L. Evans

Council of the Twelve, with Samuel L. the question of justice and injustice, of the law of compensaHamilton sustained as stake president tion, of unearned advantages and unrealized rewards: "Theand William J. Mitchell and Leonard G. Ononly weapon... that Nature seems to recognize is the boomClove as counselors. Roseville Stake erang,"'said William George Jordan. It does come back. "Nature keeps

was created from portions of Sacraher books admirably; she puts down every item, she closes all acmento North (California) Stake. counts...."'She does not always seem to balance them at the end of

New stake presidencies: President each moment but "no man in the world ever attempted to wrong anWilliam 0. Copeland and counselors other without being injured in return—some way, somehow, someClayton J. Perry and William C. Crews, time.... The most subtle of all temptations is the seeming success of

Florida Stake; President Roger M. Allred the wicked. It requires moral courage to see, without flinching, material

and counselors Darell H. Stewart and prosperity coming to men who are dishonest; to see [people]... rise

Rex J. Hafen, North Sanpete (Utah) into prominence, and power... by trickery and corruption."'But there

Stake. is a personal inner peace that comes with faith in an overruling Providence that balances accounts. Then consider, for example, "The student

EbLI Announcement was made of the who becomes expert in the various devices by which the drudgery of appointment of Helen D. Lingwall, longlearning is evaded [and] imagines that he is outwitting his instructors,

time Girls'Program secretary and membut discovers in later life that he is cheating himself. The discipline of

ber of the Young Women's Mutual education is not the attempt of the school... to benefit itself. It is for

Improvement Association general board,... helping the student."2 The laws of health and happiness are not

as general secretarytreasurer of the given just to keep us from indulging our inclinations and appetites.

YWMIA. Miss Lingwall has been acting They are given to keep us from ill health and unhappiness. The comin her new capacity since April 7, when mandments are not given for the satisfaction of a Father who likes to

Helena W. Larsen, general secretarysay thou shalt not. They are simply a statement of cause and effect—

treasurer for 28 years, was released of what will happen if we do or don't do differently—for we realize

from that position. the results of the way we live life, in this world or out of it. It comes

Protests by the Singapore Interdown to something Shakespeare said so remarkably well, as he said so

Religion Organization in a complaint to many things so remarkably well: "Heaven is above all yet; there sits a

Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew has judge that no king can corrupt."3 It is wonderfully reassuring to know

forced Mormon missionaries to halt that there is a system of keeping accounts that no connivance can cor-... that Nature seems to recognize is thedoorto-door proselyting in that Asian rupt. "The only weapon

area. "We have withdrawn our camboomerang."It does come back!

paign because somebody is just not happy about it. We mean no harm to 2'WilliamEditorial,George"MeetingJordan,Life Squarely,""The MajestyTheofOutlook,Calmness."December 20, 1916.

anybody. Our primary aim is to serve 'William Shakespeare, Henry VIII.

Era, July 1970 65 A

-:;...:::.: --<:M".:::::.":'::.:;:. '. "..:

-A

INSPIRATIONAL

LDS FILMS

h "The seeds we are planting today preparation for further study at uni- f.s of the Chira will grow and become mighty oaks and versity level, as well as programs that

their branches will run all over the qualify them, through onthe-job trainGENEALOGICAL MOVIES earth."With these words, Bannock ing, for employment at the completion

There are now several fine Stake Academy in Rexburg, Idaho, was of two years'study. Courses are offilms available to assist in opened November 12, 1888. Today the fered in these divisions: Technical,

your ward genealogical instruction program. Preview school, now known as Ricks College, enAgricultural, Business and Economics,

these and other films at rolls more than 4,500 students from 50 Education and Social Science, Family the annual Priesthood states and 24 other countries, making Living, Humanities, Life Science, MatheGenealogical Research

Seminar to be held at that prediction literally true. matics and Physical Science, Physical

Brigham Young University, Ricks College is located in Rexburg Education, and Religion.

August 3-7, 1970.

in the heart of the Upper Snake River The 253acre Rexburg campus has

Valley. Situated on the southern edge 21 buildings, 16 of which have been

of the city at the base of a sloping hill constructed since 1962. New on camthat stretches to the south, the school pus this past year is the physical

is affectionately known as the "College education plant, with a gynasium that it on the Hill."is the largest in the valley, and an

4? A twoyear junior college owned and Olympicsize swimming pool. The Inoperated by the Church, Ricks educates dustrial Science Building, opened last

young men and women not only for fall, has classrooms and laboratories their chosen fields of work, but also for such technical education courses for life in its fullness. Ten academic as automotive technology, drafting,

divisions stress academic excellence, electronics, welding, industrial arts, giving students programs that will building construction, plastics and for the latestSend FREE allow them to take college courses in manufacturing technology, and aviation.

all listingcatalog inspirational LDS films Denton Y. Brewerton, news director of Ricks College, is a former Boise, Idaho,

now available. newsman and is in the Ricks College Second Stake Sunday School superBrigham Young University intendency.

Educational Media Services Herald R. Clark Building

Provo, Utah 84601 Buy One Book

in buildings the dedicated past discontinued, school taught Other and the

untileight include 0. the David high school courses only years 1915, Get One FREE McKay

Library, the George S. Romney Science when the first year of college work was FOR JOINING

Building, the Hyrum Manwaring Center, authorized; the second year of college BEEHIVE BOOKCLUB

a classroomoffice building, and men's was added the following year. In 1917 (Purchase $4.95 and choose any $3 Book Free!)

and women's dormitories. the academy was accredited by the

Completed last fall was a new resiIdaho State Board of Education, and dence hall for 432 women students, the name was changed to Ricks Normal which nearly doubles the women's College. The school was given its

dormitory housing capacity of 912. present name in 1923, when the first

Men's dormitories house 470. Offtwo years of high school work were

campus housing, supervised by the eliminated. Eight years later the junior

Ricks College Housing Department, is and senior years of high school curavailable for approximately 2,400 sturiculum were discontinued, and the dents. Others commute from their institution emerged as a twoyear junior

homes in nearby communities. Addicollege. Since 1936 Ricks has been

tional offcampus housing, to be conaccredited by the Northwest AssociaSPIRITUAL ROOTS OF OF HUMAN RELATIONS structed by private capital, is being tion -of Secondary and Higher Schools. $4.95

planned. During its first 50 years the school 20 MORMON CLASSICS:

While the school is open to memwas administered by a local board of How many ofdotheseyou besthave?selling classics

bers and nonmembers alike, Church education under the direction of a 1. Missionary Bible f 5.50

2. Missionary Triple Combination 11.00

standards prevail at Ricks. Two stuChurch Schools administrator. In 1938 3. Marvelous Work & Wonder 1.95

dent stakes, comprising 18 wards, have the local board was discontinued, and 4. Jesus the ChristTalmage 2.50*

5. Articles of FaithTalmage 2.95*

been organized on campus. President full administration was assumed by 6. House of the Lord -Tal mage 2.95*

John L. Clarke, who has headed the the Church Board of Education. 7. Teachings of Joseph Smith 4.50

8. Essentials in Church History 5.95

college since 1944, notes that "there Jacob Spori, a Swiss educator, was 9. Answersto Gospel Questions 5 vols. 3.25ea.*

is much individual freedom of students first principal of the school. He served 10. D&C Commentary 4.95

at Ricks, and character development is for three years, then took a leave of 11.12. MeetDiscoursesthe MormonsGreenof Brigham Young 4.952.95

one of the goals the administration absence and went to work in a saw13. Gospel Doctrine-J. F.Smith 4.95

sets for the school. If a young man or mill and gave his wages to the other 14.15. ComprehensiveArt of HomeMakingHooleHist, of Church 6 vols. 4.504.25ea.

woman can live according to Church two teachers to allow the school to 16. Documentary Hist, of Church 7 vols. 4.50 ea.

standards at home, he will not have a continue. Other presidents who have 17.18. TakeDiscoursesHeed ofof JosephYourselves—J.Smith F. Smith 4.954.95

moment of worry nor will he ever have guided the school include C. N. Watkins 19. Mormon DoctrineMcConkie 6.95

a problem of any kind relating to his (189194), George Cole (189498), D. 20. Book of Mormon DigestHawkes 3.95

SELECTIONS: OTHERconduct while at Ricks."M. Todd (18981900), Ezra C. Dalby

21. the Best Books Vol.V Special 3.00* Out of

Ricks began rather inconspicuously (190114), A. B. Christensen (191417), 22. Vols. 2,3(1 & 4 outof-print) 1.95 ea*

that November day in 1888 as the George S. Romney (191735), Hyrum 23.24. AncientBeginningsPearsonApostles-McKay 2.95*2.50*

Bannock Stake Academy, an elementary Manwaring (193544), and President 25. Just a MinuteLandau 5.50

Spiritual 26. of Humanschool. Classes held in the present). were RexClarke to the (1944

4.95 Relations Roots—Covey

where,burg First Clarke meetinghouse, President took over the Ward When Free Choices *Suggested in addition to academic subjects, rereins, the enrollment was less than 400 ORDER OTHER BOOKS IN ERA!

ligious teachings formed part of the students, and two buildings and a curriculum, and the Bible, Book o1 heating plant comprised the physical ISeehiVe bookclub

Mormon, and Doctrine and Covenants facilities. Today, with a growing student 626 "H"St.

were used as texts. In 1898 the school body, a greatly enlarged campus, and a Salt Lake City, Utah 84103

added high school courses to the curdedicated teaching and administrative

Please enroll me as a member and send me a free riculum, and the name was changed staff, Ricks College is the second largcatalog. I agree to return the "Review Card"each

that else Book"for purchasethe"Feature month orto the Fremont Stake Academy. est institution in the Church's vast

books every For month. $20 of nondiscounted

The name Ricks Academy came into educational system. The seeds planted will receivea FREE BOOK! lam purchasing $4.95I

being in 1903, honoring President through its first 82 years of existence now and will receive a $3 book free for joining.

Thomas E. Ricks of Bannock Stake, are truly, as Principal Spori said in his Oneper bookper person!ordered.(ForIn postageUtah addand4>2%handlingsales add25tax.) I

who had been instrumental in its opening address in 1888, growing and have enclosed $ for the above circled books:

founding. becoming mighty oaks, and their Print Name

By 1908 all elementary work was branches running all over the earth, q Address

City StateL. ZipJuly ERA

Era, July 1970 67 Research & Review

The Glory ofHebrew By Dr. Truman G. Madsen

Contributing Editor

If you're not sure, there's help available Alexander Stecker is what might be tionaries and lexicons delimit the word through the pages of LISTEN, a monthly called a languageconscious personality. to such terms. But many also indicate

magazine devoted to better living. This is, in part, a matter of necessity. that one other ancient usage is perHe has pursued archaeology in Palesmissible: glory may mean physical

tine, Hebrew at Brandeis, a Jewish body both when applied to man and university, and is now teaching Old (more hesitantly) to God.

and New Testament at Holy Cross, a By a careful analysis in the Masoretic

Catholic university. Thus he has (original Hebrew) text, with crosscrossed geographic, cultural, and rereferencing to the Samaritan and

ligious barriers, and that means Septuagint (Greek) versions, Stecker linquistic ones. More than that, his has uncovered elements of real signififirst impressions and conversion as a cance for language as well as for

Latterday Saint came not from hearing religious understanding.

the teachings in his native tongue, but First, he has traced in some detail from overhearing them in another. His the meaningshifts around this term.

grandmother came to his home in It is not always apparent to those of

Brooklyn, New York, when he was 12. us who are accustomed to thinking of

A friend of hers visited the home and one and only one meaning or one and taught her the gospel in German. only one role for a word that our own

Young Alex understood German rather language is undergoing constant change well but spoke it haltingly. He was and that any one word can lose and

transfixed by hearing passages from the gain meaning and even reverse its

Book of Mormon. To the surprise of meaning. (Consider the word cleave—

all, he and his grandmother were bapwhich means opposites, both to sever tized together. And then there is the and unite. Or consider the opposite

Information, fact that though he has studied and terms up and down, which, when comfacts, and people in taught all institutions, bined his slow, with thing.) the Mormon same mean

reallife.with stories per year language study has been he that under shows Then nonancient many tell.to These can childo more for your scholars, terms, he especially Mormon developed and has Hebrew this and one,dren than any lecturing, of amount plead-

, speaking to in writing and have tended competence in diminish also as useing, and demanding.

Hebrew and some Ugaritic and Asin meaning primarily because the ex-—theThe firstnation'sstep isoutstandingto subscribejournalto LISTENwith syriac.tion forHetheisDepartmentnow completingof Jewisha dissertaStud- perienceappeared. thatIt is gaveas if theman entirerootagecivilizeddispositive ideas about drugs, narcotics, alies at Brandeis linguistic origins world slowly on the diminished in sight powercohol, tobacco. and Include a gift subof the until, to (in English, kabod Hebrew term borrow analogy an from C. S.scription for friend. a

glory). all Lewis, almost blind. a were Given

Working in Hebrew under Dr. S. generation or two, the blind would

-L/liSJHd-Mt Tmrivr Saltp -- LakeBox 11471City, Utah 84111 Talmon,Hebraists, oneand ofin archaeologythe world's withnotableDr. hardlyborn blindrememberwouldseeing,considerand anythe newwho

B. Mazer, the archaeological dean of claimed such a "seeing"in the remote Please send yearly me subscriptions to research in Palestine "Listen"Stecker at today, past to be or $4.00 each misinformed credulous. in U.S.A. and Canada. $4.25 overseas. /money My check acquainted order became techwith several still the Meantime word see be would is enclosed for $ to: Send

critical articles nical and part of the term on the vocabulary, blind and men

Namekabod. The most stimulating was an would greet each other on the street

article by Ginsburg. to see it with The word, you.""It's good everyBut Address. seems, has glory, several meanings: that see one would the know word

City -State -Zip. honor, splendor, wealthy, heavy (great means only be with. Eventually, only

wealth, e.g., gold is heavy), burdenthe few surviving dictionaries would

GIFT subscriptions to.names and adsome. Most presentday Hebrew dicdefine the word in its original sense. dresses on attached sheet.

Note: Inquire about bulk subscriptions for

MIA, Institute of Religion, and Seminary groups..

"The Spoken Word"from Temple over KSL and Sys- "The Square,the ColumbiapresentedBroadcasting tem April 19, 1970. 1970. SpokenWord

The strength of being calm By Richard L. Evans

has been long since William George Jordan wrote his essay on "The

ItMajesty of Calmness"—but perhaps more than then, it is needed

now. He did not have in mind the calmness of inertia, or of indifference or inactivity, or the fatalistic acceptance of an unsatisfactory situation, but the calmness that does all it can do and then finds strength

from deep within, and assurance from a higher source. A person lacking

faith and fearing the future spends himself in fretting and finding too

And finally, the civilization would not little satisfaction in his work, his loved ones, his life. "The disease with

only deny that they ever saw, but which the human mind now labors,"said Emerson, "is want of faith."

forgotten that they havewould 1 cares of the worries you, you, the and day fret... wear upon had "Whenforgotten.

..."2 let.. assert themselves.. calmness and peace... Stop, and that We presents evidence the Stecker

though it would be a mistake to say all acquire our scars, our heartaches, and our lessons learned, but the that kabod (glory) always means plain fact is that we have come through all the past. And the further

''physical body"in ancient Hebrewtexts, it would be equally mistaken to fact is that we can't change all things at once—nor would we want to.

say that it never does. It can and does Along with all adverse elements, there is goodness in life, and in peomean, applied to both man and the ple, and an overruling power and purpose. And after we have done the

presence. phrase physicalLord, The is much for which we have to trust, much that we cases best we can, there of the such"the glory Lord"in

signifies "the actual physical presence must leave in higher hands. This doesn't mean resigning, or evading

of the Lord."And this gives renewed problems, or pretending that reality isn't there. It doesn't mean dulling

insight to the accounts of Moses, of our senses in the tranquilizer sense—but doing the best we can, where ofIsaiah, Ezekiel, it was of whom

clearly characteristic to speak of the we are, as we are, with what we have, along with faith to trust an overanthropomorphic character of God. It ruling Providence—which ultimately we have to do anyway. O fretfulwas also typical of the Hebrew menness! fretfulness! Better had we use our time to serve our loved ones,

tality nabi to understand the word or and others also; to improve our little world, or the wider world, wherEnglish, seer)nebi (in one to mean

specially privileged to behold the glory ever we can reach it, and do the needful things each day that can be of God, which was to behold the done. Oh, cease to fret, "to fuss and fume, to worry and to grieve,"3

physical presence of God himself. to spend life in fearful, fitful running to and fro. Take to your heart

But by the time of Christ, Stecker shows, especially in the "intertestathese quieting words of Paul: "For God hath not given us the spirit of

mental period"—the time between the fear; but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind."4 There is majesty

ofclosing Testament the Old canon in calmness, and strength—and peace. "Peace, be still."

of openingand the the new, roughly 'Emerson, Essays: Reformer. New England years precedingthe 200 Christ—the Jordan, George "The Majesty of Calmness."writers ofJewish the Targums

Allen "Serenity."(18641912), con2William3)ane

sciously attempted to remove all an4Timothy 1:7.

thropomorphisms from the text, and this was often accomplished by the substitution of other words. At the time

of Jesus, the understanding of God as a physical presence had been thoroughly toned down or rooted out. But it is or generically inferior or unredeemable But using the original Hebrew readsignificant that in Judaism, even today, about the body (though, conversely, ing of kabod, it would be: "For thou

whether in orthodox, conservative, or there is rather little in their writings hast made him a little lower than God reformed branches, there is no disthat foreshadows a resurrection) [or Gods] and hast crowned him with paragement of and no pervasive guilt When this analysis is applied to a physical body and with honour."

about the physical body, per se. It is familiar passages referring both to man Latterday Saints will swiftly perone of the singular marks of the special and God, the result is fascinating. For ceive the implications of this strand of

identity of the Jewish people; regardless example, Psalms 8:5: "For thou hast meaning in the word glory (and other

of the culture to which they are exmade him [man] a little lower than words that cluster around it) in the posed, they seem almost immune to the the angels, and hast crowned him with content of modern revelation. O

idea that there is something necessarily glory and honour."

Era, July 1970 69 TH6THIN6S which me CAESAR'S"

By Congressman Del M. Clawson

Illustrated by Ted Nagata

Such old outworn platitudes as "There oughta be a through repetition—the parable of the marriage of the

law,""Write your congressman,""Why don't they do king's son. (See Matthew 22.) The cumbersome task

something about it?"and "You can't fight city hall"of moving one hundred million Americans to action

continue from generation to generation and may conis readily recognized, and in the current market place tain some residual truth, but they no longer deserve of thoughts, ideas, and opinions the scriptural refer- a position of indoctrination and influence that disence may not be as cogent as it once was. However,

courages discussion on public issues. These repetitious the parable clearly separates church and state for those

idioms of public and private "buck passing"are so who desire to argue the point, although the separation frequently used that their standard jargon is known in no way lessens individual obligation both to state by every elementary school child. and church.

With this constant barrage, it is inconceivable that When the "tribute coin"was produced and Jesus anything other than a great "silent majority"could queried his tempters about the image and superscripdevelop in America. Credence for this opinion has tion upon it and received the answer, "Caesar's,"

strengthened within the past few years, as is indicated he immediately responded: "Then... render thereby the increased volume of vocal vigilantes shouting fore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's; and

in the streets; militants moving masses of humanity in unto God the things that are God's."(Matt. 22:21.)

civil disorder; minorities and special interests of all The religionist experiences no particular problem in

types demanding larger lenitive largess from all levels defining the "things that are God's,"nor does he limit of government. These extremists and militants—Right, these things to one or two favorite commandments

Left, or Middle—who use other than legal and legitithat he can conveniently keep. He recognizes the

mate methods of dissent frequently find themselves greater obligation that "man shall not live by bread members of a small minority when the vote is finally alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the counted. And the cliches that discourage active commouth of God."(Matt. 4:4.) Yet, even with this

mitment are at once antagonistic to personal involverecognition, he may very narrowly construe the adment and burden the individual with attitudes foreign monition of Jesus in this parable "to render unto to personal participation. Caesar the things that are Caesar's"to governmental

To encourage the majority to move into the open taxes. But that is not what the Savior said; his reference

political arena, I refer to a parable of Jesus that is so to Caesar was just as broad as his reference to God the frequently quoted that it has lost its full impact Father. And if the commandment is to be obeyed,

the things that are Caesar's must be examined. beyond and above this compulsory obligation is deIf the ideas expressed seem to lean toward the manded. "Participatory democracy,"a phrase currently

biased, it is intentional. Many good Church members finding increased use on the Washington scene, immight be offended and insulted by the suggestion they plies greater personal involvement in an impatient and

are only observing half the commandment—like being restless society. The shape of involvement takes many

baptized but never confirmed—because they fail to forms, from a simple ballot mark in a voting booth to

recognize and render to Caesar his things. No offense, national chairman of a major political party. Involvehowever, is intended. To expand the meaning and ment for most people should find expression someincrease the understanding with resulting changes in where between the extremes. Opportunities are replete

political behavior patterns is the intention. and openended for service in Caesar's activities, and

Civil order today is hardly comparable to the civil they can and should be in harmony with God's program.

order of Caesar's time. Yet this time separation does Public service in all of its aspects is honorable and

not detract from the commandment's purpose any praiseworthy. Elective and appointive offices should

more than Jesus'other admonitions, separated also by be sought after by men and women with unquestioned the same time span. Perhaps, then, we can proceed to honesty and personal commitment to God and countranslate taxes into things—"Caesar's things"—a process try, with emphasis on constitutional government with

that requires little imagination. What do taxes repall of its privileges, immunities, and liberties. Partisan

resent? What do taxes support? City, county, state, politics as a means of candidate selection and expresand national governments. Schools and universities. sion of political principle is also honorable.

Police and fire departments. Military services. Streets Immediately many voices, "the politically silent

and highways. Parks and recreation. Public utilities. church majority,"are heard to exclaim: "Any man who

Planning and zoning. Welfare and aid. Foreign serfulfills his church and priesthood duties does not have

vice and assistance. Industrial and agricultural subtime for outside political activities and service."

sidies. And the list can go on and on, since it is not

intended to be exhaustive. U.S. Representative Del Clawson, who has represented

Even as the payment of tithes and offerings does not the1963,23rdis a memberCongressionalof the CongressionalDistrict of CaliforniaAppropriationssince fulfill God's side of the commandment, neither does Committee and a home teacher in the Chevy Chase (Maryland) Ward. He was formerly a bishop, high counthe payment of taxes and assessments satisfy Caesar's cilor, and mayor of Compton, California.

side. An investment of time, ability, and substance

Era, July 1970 71..

Remember, though, the Prophet Joseph Smith was a nothing."In Section 101 of the Doctrine and Covecandidate for the presidency of the United States while nants, the Lord reinforces this position when he says:

he was serving as President of the Church. When Utah "According to the laws and constitution of the people,

became a U.S. territory in 1850, President Brigham which I have suffered to be established, and should

Young was appointed the first territorial governor. be maintained for the rights and protection of all flesh,

Church services and government service have run according to just and holy principles"( verse 77 ) parallel for many active Church members in state and Forces are combining today for the destruction of local politics through the years. The notable and great the sacred and cherished moral, ethical, and spiritual

national political battles involving Church members values that have brought us as a nation to the zenith include the Congressional challenges to President of power and leadership in the world. Other nations

George Q. Cannon, President Brigham H. Roberts of before us, occupying this same position of influence

the First Council of the Seventy, and Elder Reed Smoot and responsibility, have failed for many and varied of the Council of the Twelve, with the latter finally causes and have become second, third, or fourth rate breaking the barrier of prejudice, permitting a Mormon powers, or in some instances lost identity altogether.

Hedonistic, iconoclastic decadence creeps into a "...Latterday Saints must avoid society and drains its strength and vitality. Permissiveness in our generation, with its resulting failures in

and overcome apathy and personal restraint and selfdiscipline, reveals a growing weakness in our nation today. And it may portend a

indifference toward condition of the nation described by some of our early

Church leaders. Elder Orson Hyde stated: "It is said

political action"that Brother Joseph in his lifetime declared that the

Elders of this Church should step forth at a particular to serve in the Congress. Although President George time when the Constitution should be in danger, and

Q. Cannon did serve as a territorial delegate in the rescue it, and save it. This may be so; but I do not

House, Elder Roberts, a fiery debater and author, was recollect that he said exactly so. I believe he said

denied a seat in the House of Representatives. The something like this—that the time would come when

student of the Church and its political history may the Constitution and the country would be in danger profitably review these cases. of an overthrow; and, said he, If the Constitution be

A declaration of belief regarding governments and saved at all, it will be by the Elders of this Church. I

laws in general, found in Section 134 of the Doctrine believe this is about the language, as nearly as I can and Covenants, is commended for must and repetitive recollect it."(Journal of Discourses, Vol. 6, p. 152.)

reading for every member of the Church: "... And This land, as a land of promise, a land of freedom,

such as will administer the law in equity and justice a land of liberty, can remain so only as long as the should be sought for and upheld by the voice of the conditions of the promise are met—"if they will but

people"(verse 3) is not a passive, empty admonition. serve the God of the land, who is Jesus Christ, who

Seek and uphold are dynamic words and require hath been manifested by the things which we have action. "We believe that all men are bound to sustain written."(Eth. 2:12.) With the diminishing status of

and uphold the respective governments in which they Jesus in the Christian world today, with the permissivereside..."(verse 5). Bind, sustain, uphold—these are ness, violence, and civil disobedience that are extant

words of action and are completely related to politics in our nation, with the great institutions of learning because politics means "the art or science of political groaning under the threat of anarchy, combined with government"(political, of course, dealing with the all of the disruptive forces that divide us domestically study, structure, or affairs of government ) and internationally, Latterday Saints must avoid and

In Section 98 of the Doctrine and Covenants, folovercome apathy and indifference toward political lowing a command to support the constitutional law action. Who else reveres the Constitution as divinely

of the land with its freedoms, rights, and privileges, inspired? Who else has the revealed knowledge of the

the Lord declares: "Wherefore, honest men and wise destiny of this land? Who else can bear God's witness

men should be sought for diligently, and good men and provide the commitment to bring to fruition the and wise men ye should observe to uphold; otherwise words of the Prophet? No longer can we delay comwhatsoever is less than these cometh of evil"(verse pliance with the other half of the parable's command—

10). In similar vein, Edmund Burke said: "All that is "Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are

necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do Caesar's."O

72 Era, July 1970 HAVE YOUR OWN 4 FOURSEASON Zt 'GARDEN Pick your own vegetables any time of the year—no filled plants in as little as 8 weeks. More than 600

matter where you live. Tomatoes. Lettuce. Cucumpounds of them a year.

bers. Toss a salad any season—from your own So many things can be grown in a hydroponic garbackyard. den—all year round. Fun for the whole family and

Now, it's family fun for everyone with the new Hydro- a moneysaver, too.

ponic Garden Unit from HYDROGRO. Just enough Write for more information on the complete Hydrowork to be rewarding, but not enough to be a burden. ponic Garden Unit. It's all ready to grow!

Best of all, HYDROGRO can actually pay its own way.

One standard 10'x 12'unit can produce as much DEALERSHIPS AVAILABLE food as a soil garden which is considerably larger.

Start picking rich, ripe tomatoes from abundant fruit- V* HYDROGRO

3174 HIGHLAND DRIVE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84106 PHONE 801 / pose in an age when past wars of ee$&>

TheseTimes presumedU.S. militaryhigh purposesupportwereandcostly.involvement in the western coastal regions

and mainland of Asia now includes

Korea, Vietnam, Laos, Cambodia, and |ome observers Thailand. Offshore in East Asia, the

of world conditions U.S. has commitments to the islands

think that military solutions to preof Japan, Formosa, and the Philippines.

sumed American objectives in Asia are And this summary is incomplete.

proving too costly: too costly in lives, Growing concern with this involvein taxing the internal resources of the ment raises anew the question, What

United States, in stimulating the are the objectives of the United States consequences of inflation, in dividing in Asia?

the American nation, and in producing President Nixon offered an extensive, crises and breakdown in moral values. scholarly review of American foreign

The extension of active intervention to policy in the early spring, 1970. Broad

Cambodia by President Nixon on April in scope, it apparently did not reach 30, 1970, has produced further complithe American public. The people recations. sponded as if they were neither inThe Korean War received a degree of formed nor impressed. Now the same

popular support in the United States public has been nervous and prebecause it was viewed as a war against occupied with postal and trucking

Communism, with Russian "MIGS"and strikes, an air controllers'"sickout,"

Red Chinese infantry "hordes"as the growing concern with pricewage spirals, evil confronted by President Truman, general anxiety about domestic affairs,

General MacArthur, and the United Naand whether or not "things"can be tions. The war in Vietnam was never "held together."Discontent and disso clearly identified, whether by Presiagreement over the President's nomidents Eisenhower, Kennedy, Johnson, nees to the Supreme Court have not

or Nixon. Reasons for American improved the situation.

involvement have never been popularly Before the Cambodian assault of accepted by nor communicated to all April 30, it appeared that the Nixon segments of the American people. Dean Administration had been trying to "cool

Rusk's repeated statements of Ameridown"the war by diplomatic efforts, can integrity, capability, willingness to especially in the Middle East and Gerfight a "limited"war, to maintain a many. The Administration was evidently

commitment, reached a few ears but aiming at separating Russian support not enough to maintain popular supfor the North Vietnamese. At home the

port. So the nation has become divided same Administration attempted to "cool

and demoralized. In 1970 few, of whatdown"domestic unrest. The President

ever political persuasion, believe that made an effort to focus attention on the American intervention in Southeast pollution, mobilizing political attention

Asia can be totally effective in "stopon the urgency of restoring a healthy, ping Communism."More people appear natural environment. The latter national

to be looking at Americans, and Ameripurpose is fundamental for black and cans at themselves, as the "bad guys"white, red and brown, young and old, in this difficulty. And with the death of farm and ghetto. Its fulfillment is

Ho Chi Minh, few can identify the "bad complicated by inflation, school integraguys"on the other side—aside from tion, housing, and pressing urban

something called the Viet Cong. So, problems.

the war, after nearly a decade, seems Few will quarrel with the objective of to many observers to be without pureliminating pollution. The foreign

By Dr. G. Homer Durham

74 Commissioner and Executive Officer,

Utah System of Higher Education

Pe policy objectives of the United States at present is anybody's guess. The selfinterest, and an American commitare less clear. Their clarification is following speculations are purely specument not to become too friendly with

more difficult. Further, for the average lations as to what might be going on China, and not to aid China with

citizen, such objectives require and and are not advocacy. supplies in event of serious Chinesemust be susceptible to some degree of 1. The United States could recognize Russian conflict.

reasonable achievement. full Russian access, in the international 2. The U.S. and Russia, jointly, could

In March 1970, the Nixon Adminismarket, to the oil of the Middle East. agree to attempt a new agreement

tration took steps for certain Red Nasser could be promised a U.S. loan, permitting Egypt to reopen, operate,

Chinese goods to filter into the United in the meantime. Russia could agree to and manage the Suez Canal, backed

States, and for American exporters to stability in the Middle East in her own by AmericanRussian guarantees, attempt the reverse, from a restricted list of nonstrategic items.

The Nixon tactics seemed designed to reopen some commercial channels with China, but not enough to alarm

Russia or discourage Japan. It can be

presumed that American diplomatic tactics with respect to both the Far "The Spoken Word"from Temple

East and the Middle East are, in many The Square, presented over KSL and respects, performed in talks with the the Columbia Broadcasting SysRussians, in Moscow, in Washington, SpokenWord tem May 10, 1970. 1970.

and possibly at the United Nations.

(Since the death of Adlai Stevenson, what American can name or identify Oh! be there, mothers—be there

the U.S. Ambassador to the United

By Richard L. Evans

Nations? It is possible that this

efforts.) is aiding diplomaticanonymity

a senest in crude pigeons making a found two ago I 19451970, United Sometime the For 25 years, It It was outside was winter. one cluded crevice of my windows.

States has attempted to rebuild old cold. Food must have been difficult to find. It was the mother who

nations in Europe, build new states stayed. It was the mother who stood her ground against my close apfrom former European colonies in Asia proaches. It was the mother who kept watch and warmth against all

and Africa, assist Latin American naelements until her two young birds were safely out of their shells. It

tions, and sustain a system of world was the mother who somehow found food and fed them, until they order based originally on nuclear power, were able to fly for themselves. It was the mother who was there and

prestige, and the strength of the dollar. won my utmost respect for her unfailing performance. Oh, what admira-

A Russian sphere was respected—from tion for those creatures that faithfully follow the mother instinct in

East Berlin eastward to Vladivostock them! In many ways it has been the mothers of all times—everywhere

and southward to the Black Sea-—who have been there when needed, as needed, always. How wonderCaspian-IranianHimalayan frontier to ful to find a mother waiting, watching, being there, as children come

China. When, in the 1950s, American home and ask, "Where is mother?"—mothers who mold the personaid failed to assist Egypt, Nasser acality, who set the cast of character, who guide and shape the future;

cepted Russian aid. Russia is now a who make home a place of peace, of pleasantness: who listen, share,

power in the Mediterranean, the Middle set standards, give counsel and encouragement, and give children an

East, and North Africa. In North Africa awareness they are wanted. Mothers are the heart of the home: humthe United States is in quiet, power deble, faithful, modest mothers—loving, serving, quietly teachingcline, especially since the 196970 virtue, honor, honesty; keeping promises; understanding mistakes;

revolt in Libya. doing the duties of each day with love and unselfishness in giving of

Peace in Vietnam, Cambodia, Laos, themselves. A mother at home, a mother waiting, is one of the greatest

and the prevention of further hostilities sources of safety and assurance. And returning to an empty home—or

in Southeast Asia, may come at the house—leaves so much lacking. "Is mother at home?""Where is

price of further concessions to Russia's mother?"Oh, be there, mothers—be there—for your presence will bless

interests in Europe and the Middle your children now, and always, and forever. Oh, be there. God bless

East. What goes on behind the scenes mothers and their memories.

Era, July 1970 75 I ZjSALT LAKE cm:COTTONWOOD OGDEN provided (at American insistence) that

the canal is open to Israel and its shipping, as well as for oil for Russia.

3. Israel, under American pressure,

could relinquish the east bank of Suez, retain the Gaza Strip and Sinai, but be assured of its right to free access and shipping from its Red Sea port, through the Canal, to Tel Aviv.

Wheat is tor man. Retain the valuable 4. An international political and techlost nutrients milling through other

the methods. Use have nical commission, called, say, the Midwheat you now

stored and save money while enjoying dle East Development Commission, better tasting, more nutritious food.

could be established, consisting of the

Arab nations, Israel, Russia, Turkey, the

Buy an United States, to explore and develop

All Grain Stone Grinding economic cooperation in the region.

5. Israel could retain the JordanianFlour Mill Syrian territories gained in the sixday

Today war, with the JerusalemBethlehem

Immediate Delivery area an international city, under Israeli administration but with United Nations,

Also available: High protein wheat for Russian, and United States observers.

use or storage.

6. Egypt and the regional members

For full information, write: of the proposed Middle East DevelopALL-GRAIN FLOUR MILL ment Commission could receive a joint

extertheir security of from guarantee Dept. E P.O. Box 115

greatest selection invasion. the United nal attack or Both Utah Tremonton, 84337

their Openings available for full or parttime TWO PANT States and Russia could guarantee sales representatives. WOOL SHARKSKIN frontiers.

SUITS grants7. A forspecialdevelopmentprogram ofandeducationalenlargedesigned and tailored ment of the existing universities and

HEARING AIDS expressly for missionaries colleges of the region could be underall-intiny, onHuge savings ear, behindtheear, the eyeWisest choice for young men taken.

glass and body models. New tiny who need a perfect appear- 8. The Russians could agree to halt are so modelsspace age

well your closconcealedand even ance—and miles of extra shipments of arms and military supest friends may never

of a strongnotice. TRIAL. Tailored FREE HOME wear! Hanoi. plies to and Haiphong payment. as Low $10 downNo pair with two wool twoply guaranmonthly. back Money

to agree 9. could States Unitedtee. The direct and save. Order pants 97.50 of

booklet. catalog for and confidential free todayWrite

Viet-, South all troops from withdraw Dept. Houston, Tex. Box 10947,PRESTIGE, D-57 79.95 from models 77018. other

7.CMI MEN'S CLOTHINGall stores nam and Cambodia, except military

missions to help keep these states in a

COX'S DELICOUS position as "states"and not chaos.

could agree States United 10. The

Russia. trade with CreamedHomy Retirement Lots to West German

one of the best in the U.S. in Utah's Dixie 11. The United States and Russia

GIFT BOXES A SPECIALTY Write to could agree to longrange joint meetings storage purposes For welfare quality OLIVER LEFEVRE with the East and West German governfor its flavor and famous (Write for Free Brochure) P.O. Box 179 ments regarding the future relations of

fk J Shelley,COX HONEYIdahoFARMS83274 Cedar City, Utah 84720 both East and West Germany to the

NATO and Warsaw Pact nations.

possible represent speculations These GENEALOGISTS Cactus The Cookbook big tactical issue for the moves. The Free price list of items. over Xerox 300

Specialities Mexican pictures copying each. 5c Genealogy copied is is policy. There world States United

additional 5c; (each copy 30c 5 see page

$1.00 $1.00 of catalog). MailSTEVENSON'Sorders welcomed.

Rt. 1 Box. 82-A Elfrida, Ariz., 85610 GENEALOGICAL CENTER 76

230 West 1230 North, Provo, Utah 84601 also the machinery for applying the policy. Should the Nixon Administration

quietly abandon the State Department's and Foreign Service's 40year effort to establish American foreign policy on universal, general, "objective"terms?

Universally manageable at any time by a corps of interchangeable human parts, whether in Africa or Paris, motivated by ratings recorded in Washington? Paralleling these "generalists,"

should the Nixon Administration attempt to construct several corps of regional specialists, including persons from technical as well as political specialties? Should the Administration

encourage the approach in the StateDepartment, and overseas, that perABYU mits individual initiative and leadership Home Study class, develop?responsibilities to more freely

trained and that is. to knowBy selected men,

understand local and regional problems, languages, and customs? Or

should they all be directed from Washington or embassy headquarters in the details of policy? Should specialists Many a housewife today will take making skills or just keeping up

have direct access to the ambassador schedulea few momentsto improvefromherself.her busyWith educationallyWhy not take awithfew hermomentsfamily.yourfor unrestricted, uncensored policy adthe help of BYU Home Study, she self and send for the free BYU

may be working toward her high Home Study Catalog listing the vice? Should a dozen of these regional school or college graduation. She more than 290 available courses.

specialists be attached to each foreign may be developing new homeYou'll be glad you did.

post of importance—some as special,

personal representatives of the ambas- I BrighamDepartmentYoungof HomeUniversityStudy sador (as the members of the Council I Provo, Utah 84601 of the Twelve represent the President I of the Church, or the high council the I Please send me a free Home Study Catalog.

stake president)—and not be tied up 1 Name

in local organization channels? 1 Address,

Speculation! Dreams? Fantasies? Un- I City

doubtedly. How would you take the I State Zip 7/70

steps to unwind the war, to gain fresh national perspectives, to state desirable objectives, if you carried the awesome responsibilities carried by Presidents of the United States? Will the Cambodian Satin Rose Pattern

intervention demonstrate American HIGH QUALITY 48piece set firmness, the resolve to remain in OXIDIZED FINISH consists of:

Southeast Asia until the new states SOLID HANDLES 8 Knives have achieved statehood and can SERRATED KNIVES 8 Forks 8 Spoons stand? Can the President make clear 8 Salad Forks 16 Teaspoons

to the American people (a) the defor only $29.95 Postage Prepaid

sirability and (b) the necessity for

American statebuilding in Southeast For $7.95 you can also receive a

Postage Prepaid Asia ("Vietnamization")? Q 6-PlECE HOSTESS SET

SEND CHECK OR MONEY ORDER TO:

HARRISON -JOHNSON, INC.

2155 Regent Street, Salt Lake City, Utah 841 15

Era, July 1970 77 LestWe Forget

by Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

Research Editor It is estimated that between Captain J. Howard Stansbury,

1,800 and 2,000 destitute, hungry writing in the 1850s, classified the

Saints were in Salt Lake Valley in yield, the Indians envied plant as calochortus lutens;

on December 31, 1847. Those who had one another and vied with one another later writers gave it the scientific

been there the longest had to see who could gather the name ca/ochortus nuttalli. The

arrived in late July, and little most food for their winter living, genus name ca/ochortus is derived planting and harvesting had yet when snows were deep and days from two Greek words—ka/os,

been accomplished. were cold. Then they warred, beautiful, and chortus, grass,

One or two persons were and the tomahawk took the place of alluding to the flower and its grasslike poisoned during the winter by eating the game stick, and many Indians leaves. The species name nuttalli

wild parsnip roots. More were killed. is in honor of the great American

fortunate neighbors dug thistle "The Great Spirit was displeased, botanist, Thomas Nuttall (17861859), roots and found them to be a luxury. and sent a heat over the land, who did much to inform the

As spring came, the menu turned and the corn and the berries world of the beauty of this gem of to greens. "To have a dried up. The children were left the American desert.

stomach full was an agreeable without food, the sky became dark The sego is strictly a western sensation,"President George Q. Cannon with great clouds for many flower, there being about thirty

wrote of this period, "even if moons, the earth refused to species, from the Black Hills of South the contents were only thistle tops. yield, and the sands blew over all the Dakota to New Mexico and

People thrived better on a land. The Indians sorrowed westward to California.

much smaller quantity of flour and prayed to the Spirit. California is particularly rich in

with plenty of greens, than they did species of calochortus. There these

on flour alone, even though the "One day the sun shone brightly, flowers are known as mariposa extra flour they ate without and up on the hills, the people lilies. Mariposa in Spanish means

the greens might have contained saw a little plant, growing everywhere, "butterfly,"and the members more nutriment than the greens."even into the canyons, and of the mariposa group of flowers, to

(Juvenile Instructor, Vol. 19 far above the very peaks. The which the sego lily belongs,

[March 1, 1884], p. 68.) Great Spirit had heard the prayers of have beautiful hues, decorative

the people, and when the Indians patterns, and color combinations

Mrs. Elizabeth Huffaker, who tasted the root, they reminiscent of butterflies.

had entered the valley in 1847, recalled knew that the Spirit had saved them that the family's food supply had from death. So ever after, they On March 18, 1911, Governor

been depleted by the spring never fought where the lilybulb William Spry signed the legislative of 1848. Her husband killed some grew, and they called it the act that made the sego lily the

wild game, which she was little 'lifeplant'of the hills."(Levi Utah State flower. The 32word law

able to preserve, using salt from Edgar Young, Young Woman's Journal, is said to be the shortest bill the Great Salt Lake. Then Vol. 35 [June 1924], pp. 32728.) ever passed by a Utah legislature.

about April they noticed that the As the Utah state flower, the sego foothills were covered The pioneers dug the bulblike roots, lily was the popular choice of with glorious flowers. Perhaps it was filling every conceivable container. the state's school children. The flower,

then that they heard the story Mrs. Huffaker wrote: "We relished an object of exceptional beauty,

of the sego lilies from friendly them, and the children once grew on every sagebrush hill

Indians. Here is one version feasted on them, particularly when of the state. It is a plant that

of the legend: they were dried, for then they lent strength to determined men and

"Many, many suns ago, the tasted like butter nuts. The bloom women dedicated to the task of

Indians lived great in numbers in months of early spring soon building pioneer homes. The

these valleys of the mountains. passed over, the plant went to seed, blossom of the sego lily

They grew corn and berries but... they kept us from has come to be a living emblem of

in abundance, but as they increased starving."purity and strength. O

End ofan Era

True Christianity is all this Two hippies in dark glasses world really needs. It is and long hair were strolling

the remedy for all our ills. It can down an avenue when

all our troubles. But it one of them happened to look up. LifeAmong cure

takes faith and works, and "What's that?"he asked

much of both. his companion. "The sun or thetheMormons—Elder Mark E. Petersen moon?""Don't ask me, man,"

Just before the 24th of July, said the other. "I don't live

we were traveling over The young woman was in this neighborhood."

Independence Pass, outside breezing along in the

Aspen, Colorado. Since lefthand lane when A good listener is a silent

the pass is narrow, steep, and suddenly and without flatterer.

winding, our rate of speed warning, she made a sharp was held to 25 mph or less. right turn and almost The salesgirl in a candy

When the children commented slammed into another car. store always had

about the road, I said, "For Pete's sake, lady, customers lined up waiting "When I was your age, all why didn't you signal?"for her while the other

of the mountain roads yelled the other driver. salesgirls stood twiddling

%vere like this.""Yes,"our "Don't be ridiculous"came their thumbs. The owner

sixyear-old daughter the indignant reply. of the store, noting her

haughtily replied, "but you "I always turn at popularity, asked for had covered wagons."this corner. her magic secret. "It's easy

—Janice S. Mortensen, enough,"she said. "The

Green River, Wyoming He that has once done you other girls scoop up more

Shortly after I was a kindness will be more than a pound of candy drafted into the army, I ready to do you another, and then start taking it attended Church services at than he whom you yourself away. I always scoop up

the army camp. When have obliged. less than a pound and

Franklin then add to it. the opening song was—Benjamin

announced, the entire We'd be astonished at how Admirer to political candidate: congregation broke

sir. I liked into laughter. The hymn many persons there are who "Great speech,

selected was "We Are can walk right through the straightforward way the boundaries we ordinarily you dodged those issues!"All Enlisted."

—Cleve Morgan, Ephraim, Utah believe are our limitations.

Adolescence is the age

for of an Era"will pay humorous "End $3 anecBehind every successful man ivhen the boys discover the girls, relate experiences that to and the Latterday dotes

Saint way of life. Maximum length 150 words. is a man who says he went and the girls discover

to school with him. that they've been discovered.

Era, July 1970 79 uniquely interpreted in BRICK

The architectural beauty and enduring qualities of Brick are uniquely displayed in this new chapel. * Its rich,

deep tones of Navaho Mingle Brick make it a source of pride to its members who should be congratulated for selecting a material of Permanence,

Durability, Low Maintenance and

Economy.

INTERSTATE

COMPANY

*19th & 22nd Wards 168 West 4th North Street Salt Lake City, Utah 3100 SOUTH 1100 EAST SALT LAKE CITY

Tucked securely, peacefully into a fold of Utah's Magnificent

Wasatch mountains, little Wallsburg has been all but forgotten since the early pioneering days of Brigham Young. Wallsburg is

still there with its hand hewn ranch houses, its pinion pine barns, its easy, relaxed manner. But on the aspenclad slopes above the

town an exciting new chapter in western "pioneering"is now being written.

Here, with the breathtaking brilliance of 11,000 foot Mt. Timpanogos as our backdrop, you'll rediscover our early grassroots

heritage. Find yourself in a land of fresh, fastmoving water. Skyblue fresh air. Good, honest brownred soil. Rediscover the tingling scent, the refreshment of cool, green forests, the glittering

white wonderland of untracked snows in the quiet winter.

For full information on this wonderful mountain retreat, write:

Heritage Hills, P.O. Box 603, Provo,

Utah 84601 Telephone (801) 3736650

HERITAGE HILLS It's great to know if you're laid up, the bills are paid up by a NEW and better disability income plan

Hng hospitalized or confined to your accident or illness, your Beneficial plan

Is your reof obligation income the of time periods is assumes lengthy >me for insurance the policy more, placement. in itself, What's having withouttough enough is Beneficiallife

the added worry of meeting financial noncancellable and guaranteed renewobligations when your income is cut off. able. If it's peace of mind you're after,

Now, there is no reason why you should see your Beneficial Life consultant at all the for details. to about wherehave worry Beneficial Life with will from. Not comemoney

Beneficial Life's new Accident and INSURANCESALT LAKECOMPANYCITY, UTAISickness Disability Income policy. It's

designed with just this sort of situation in mind. When you're laid up by either

you're interested in agency management selling bigger and better than ever before

II collect, or write: Jay B. Horrocks, CLU,

nior vice president, (801) 3648401, 57 W.

uth Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84101. Lets

k about NEW GROWTH FOR YOU!