The Improvement Era June 1958

t INo jam tastes like the kind you make yourself

It's easy... thrifty... and no failures with SureJell or Certo

SureJell and Certo are Recipe for Strawberry Stir in 7 cups sugar, at once. Remove from heat, alterbrands of pectin... the fruit Jam. Chop 2 quarts fully ripe Bring to full rolling boil, then nately stir and skim off foam for

substance that causes jelling. The berries. Mix 4 J/i cups prepared boil hard 1 minute, stirring con- 5 min. Ladle quickly into 1 1 meamount of pectin in fruits varies fruit in large saucepan with 1 box stantly. This short boil time dium jars. (No paraffining with

—so SureJell or Certo takes the SureJell. (Or use liquid Certo means less juice boils away. So new type jars!) Costs pennies a

guesswork out of jam and jelly recipe on bottle.) Stir over high you get up to 50% higher yield jar—and you can't fail with powmaking. Sixty easy recipes supheat until mixture comes to hard and fresher flavor... so much dered SureJell or liquid Certo.

plied with package and bottle. boil. Next step is even easier! better than you can buy! Products of General Foods.

deep in the heart of the cookie..

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

ACS Figures From questions mailed to the 64,606 members of the American

Chemical Society, it was found that 42 percent have doctorate degrees, 19 percent master's degrees, and only three percent no college degrees. CHOCOLATEPick up a fullpound bag

Industrial employment uses 79 perat your favorite cent of the chemists, government grocer's—only 490

agencies 8, and teaching 12. In

1955 the median salary for beginners was $435.00 a month and for 20

years experience $763.00. The bestpaid chemists are those in technical

administration, followed by industrial research, college and university teaching, analysis and testing, with secondary teachers last.

New Tool for Medical Diagnosis A small tabletsized radio transmitter called an e nd o r a d i o sonde can be swallowed and will send internal temperature and pressure information as it goes through the g astro -intestinal tract. A powdered iron core is

used to measure the pressure, and transistor thea a chocolate want When youtemperature; measurements are both chocolate a want cookie you

transmitted on a 400kilocycle frecookie! This is it... rich flavory

quency. This new tool for medical chocolate, the realest kind there

diagnosis and physiological studies is, blended all the way through was developed in Sweden, and a the tender sandytextured similar one has been developed in wafer. Chopped nuts and chocthe United States. olate drops added. They're

delicious, they're wonderful, Our knowledge is the amassed they're kissin'cousins of Purity's thought and experience of innumerfamous Pecan Sandies.

able minds.—Emerson

PURITY BISCUIT CO. Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatello

JUNE 1958 377 The Improvement Era, The Voice of the Church, Volume 61, Number 6, June 1958.

Official organ of the priesthood quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, ward teachers, Music Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints,

Church Features

The Editor's Page: To the Youth of the Church... and to Their Leaders

President David O. McKay 390

The Price of Liberty (Family Hour Discussion Topic)

S. Dilworth Young 398

I Am He That Liveth"—MIA Reading Course:

Jesus the Christ—Conclusion Doyle L. Green 402

General Conference Section: 406

"Something Higher than Self"President David O. McKay 406

Father and the Home President Stephen L Richards 409

The Way, the Truth, and the Light President J. Reuben Clark, Jr. 412

"Entrusted to Our Care—the Youth of Israel"

President Joseph Fielding Smith 414

The Church Moves On, 388; Melchizedek Priesthood, 401; Presiding Bishopric's Page,

404; General Conference Index, 386.

Special Features

Hugh B. Brown of the Council of the Twelve Wendell J. Ashton 392

Teaching the Apostasy T. Edgar Lyon 394

Gordon B. Hinckley, Assistant to the Twelve LaMar S. Williams 396

"Knighted"in the Field—Henry D. Taylor, Assistant to the Council

of the Twelve Spencer W. Kimball 397

A. Theodore Tuttle of the First Council of the Seventy Boyd K. Packer 400

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Richard L. Evans 468, 471, 486

Exploring Universe, S. the Harris, Franklin

Space Age, G. Homer Durham, 380; Honest Be Jr.,With377;Yourself,These 384.Times: Theology for the Cover—Elder Hugh B.

Brown, newly sustained Today's Family: member of the Council

Food and Cereals Lynne A. Pettit 478 coverof the subject.Twelve, isTheourcolor

The Last Word 488 photographHal Rumel. is( Seethe alsowork of

page 392.) Poetry 386, 465, 469, 487 Art and Photo Credits and Footnotes 487

(Note: Some of our regular Era features have been omitted from this issue because of

lack of space. They include "Your Question,"Joseph Fielding Smith; "Leadership

Development,"Sterling W. Sill; "So That's What Boys Are Made of,"W. Cleon Skousen.

Look for them in forthcoming issues.)

The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 16, Utah

Copyright 1958 by Mutual Funds, Inc., and published by the Mutual Improvement Associations of the Church of Jesus Christ

of Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.50 a year, in advance; foreign subscriptions, $3.00 a year, in

advance; 25c single copy.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage

provided for in section 1103. Act of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on

acceptance at the rate of l',2c a word and must be accompanied by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

Thirty days'notice required for change of address. When ordering a change, please include address slip from a recent issue

of the magazine. Address changes cannot be made unless the old address as well as the new one is included.

378 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Suggested Reading Course 19581959Mm BEEHIVE 1. THE LIFE OF THE BEE Maurice Maeterlinck $3.00

Paper edition $.35

2. FLORENCE NIGHTINGALE Jeannette C. Nolan $2.95

3. LITTLE WOMEN Louisa M. Alcott $1.75

4. THE LEES OF ARLINGTON Marguerite Vance $2.75

5. TEACHER: HELEN KELLER Ann Sullivan Macy $3.50

6. TAMAR Lois Malvern $3.00

7. AN ADVENTURE IN FAITH S. Dilworth Young $1.75

8. A HISTORY OF THE PROPHET

JOSEPH SMITH FOR YOUNG PEOPLE George Q. Cannon $1.75

9. JACOB HAMBLIN AMONG THE INDIANS James A. Little $.25

10. BRIGHAM YOUNG Olive Burt $2.95

MIA MAIDS 11. THE BOUND GIRL Nan Denker $2.75

12. TWELVE AROUND THE WORLD Maureen Daly $3.50

13. THE WONDERFUL TIME J. L. Summers $2.75

JR. M-MEN AND JR. GLEANER:

14. OUR FIRST LADIES Jane and Burt McConnell $3.50

15. IF I WERE IN MY TEENS $2.00

16. PERSONAL PROBLEMS John B. Geisel $3.56

17. ETERNAL QUEST Hugh B. Brown $3.50

18. CHOOSE YE THIS DAY Emma Marr Petersen $2.00

19. BRIGHAM YOUNG Olive Burt $2.95

20. THE WOMAN YOU WANT TO BE Margery Wilson $3.95

21. SOME SUGGESTIONS FOR L.D.S.

MISSIONARIES Mark Robertson $1.75

M-MEN - GLEANERS - SPECIAL INTEREST 22. PROFILES IN COURAGE John E. Kennedy $3.50

23. PRESIDENTS OF THE CHURCH Preston Nibley $4.00

24. HIS MANY MANSIONS Rulon S. Howells $2.25

25. TEMPLES OF THE MOST HIGH Nelson B. Lundwall $3.25

26. IMMORTAL WIFE Irving Stone $3.50

27. LOVE IS ETERNAL Irving Stone $3.95

28. THE KINGDOM OF GOD RESTORED Carter E. Grant $4.00

r DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple iinmm Salt Lake City,Gentlemen:Utah Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money

"iii!iihii| order ( ) I have an account. Please charge. Amount enclosed

I Mill fl| $ 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 DoseretSlBooh Co.

44 East South Temple - Salt Lake City. Utah 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28

NAME ADDRESS CITY ZONE STATE.

Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax.

JUNE 1958 379 These Times

SAFEWAY

FRJEND OF THE FAMILY FRIEND OF THE FARMER

Some of the finest agricultural products in America are produced right here in Utah and Idaho.

Safeway buys vast quantities of these quality products Theology for the and packs them under its own "S"Brand to be sold in 2000 Safeway Stores from coast to Space Age coast.

More than $30,000,000 worth of these fine Utah and Idaho by Dr. G. Homer Durham

agricultural products, many in Vice President, University of Utah surplus supply, are sold annually under these, and other, Some current literature expresses have been many worlds in the past,

Safeway Brand labels: concern that sputniks have outnow vanished (Moses 1:35); "And

EMPRESS HONEY moded theology, and that theology as one earth shall pass away, and must be updated and stretched to the heavens thereof, even so shall SUNNY HILL DRY BEANS (Ibid., another come."age. 1:38.) the space Such is always meet

BEL AIR FROZEN CORN sun, or stars—All religious "... the moon, the difficulty ideas with POTATOES WALDORF

BUSY BAKER COOKIES that are based on superstition or apthe times of their revolutions, all the years, days, reappointed months, and phenomena. Only when PEAS parent HOUSE TOWN

... their glories, ligion's laws, and alb basic and concern man's is with HOUSE BEANS TOWN

..". set shall time, revealed. ceaseless his for truth quest be and CHERRIES HOUSE TOWN

TOWN HOUSE TOMATO JUICE unending effort to comprehend (D & C 121:30, 31.)

is loPARTY PRIDE ICE CREAM truth's unfolding, does the difficulty Who knows where our earth

SKYLARK BREAD remove itself. Revelation of truth, cated? In an orbit between Venus

CREAM O'THE CROP EGGS as a theological principle, is truly and Mars, revolving around the sun?

KITCHEN CRAFT FLOUR "the rock"on which any faith finally Where is the sun and its "solar sysRED HILL CATSUP stands. As the rockets fly upward tem"? Somewhere near the edge of

LUCERNE MILK into orbit and as man contemplates our galaxy, which is shaped like a

AND MANY OTHERS space in 1958, it is hardly necessary huge disc? Where is the disc, our

to change one's theology, if based galaxy? Where is the next galaxy?

on the preceding principle, The Where is the one next to that one?

FRIEND OF THE FAMILY theology of Joseph Smith, Brigham All to be "revealed,"said Joseph. In

FRIEND OF THE FARMER Young, and Parley P. Pratt, as cases the book of Abraham is some further

in point, is well in advance of Cape sweep for the spaceage theologian:

Canaveral.

Consider Joseph Smith. The God great,And andI sawthatthe onestars,ofthatthemtheywaswerenearestvery

he worshiped was the Creator of unto the throne of God; and there were

numberless worlds. (Moses 1:33.) many great ones which were near unto it;

said the unto Lord are me: These And are for "And there kingdoms; many SAFEWAY the ones; governing the of and the name there is space is no there in which is it is great Kolob, one near because unto

no kingdom."( D & C 88: 37. ) There me, for I am the Lord thy God: I have

380 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 0f i0

1. THE WORD OF WISDOM AND YOU

by L. Weston Oaks, M.D.

Here is a remarkable and important book for everyone interested in better health and longer life. Step by step, the author (a noted physician and researcher)

explains how scientific knowledge supports the divine law of health given to the

Prophet Joseph Smith as a Word of Wisdom. This is much more than a denunciation of tea, coffee, liquor and tobacco—it reveals how recent findings add

insight and scope to the truths contained in the positive side of the Word of

Wisdom. Alternate Special Interest study course for 195859.

$3.00 2. A BASIC COURSE IN GENEALOGY

by Gardner, Harland & Smith

Here is the first comprehensive course in record keeping and basic research, authored by three professional genealogists with the Church library whose total experience covers 50 years. Containing over 200 illustrations, this volume fills

the urgent need for Stake and Ward training programs. Points out responsibilities,

which ancestral lines should be followed, how and where to begin, how to compile records, how to use the various genealogical libraries and archives, and contains a full list of standard place abbreviations for every country.

$3.95 3. THAT YE MIGHT HAVE JOY

by Bryant S. Hinckley

I Jjbuii&** Teachers,articles andofficers,stories andan invaluableleaders of sourceall agesof willinspirationfind thisandrichhelpcollectionfor lessonsof shortand public addresses. A sequel to "Not By Bread Alone,"its pages are packed with

faith, encouragement, comfort and downto-earth helps for solving day to day problems. $1.50 4. ROUTE FROM LIVERPOOL TO f

GREAT SALT LAKE VALLEY VoM The first book in the "Reprint of Classics"series

First published in 1855, this classic historical record of the LDS emigration from

Europe is richly illustrated and the fascinating dayto-day commentary presents a rare insight into the faith and courage of the early saints. A rich treasure for

every library.

$4.00 5. JOSEPH SMITH BEGINS HIS WORK

With photos and documents provided by Wilford C. Wood, this unusual volume

contains an authentically reproduced "First Edition"Book of Mormon, reprinted

BOOKCRAFT 6-58 by costly photooffset process from original uncut sheets taken from the press 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah of E. B. Grandin in Palmyra. Limited Edition.

Please send the following circled books $5.95

for which I enclose $ in ( ) check or ( ) money order.

3 4 5 12

Name BOOKCRAFTPUBLISHERS TO THE L.D.S. TRADE

Address.'

City State 1186 SOUTH MAIN HU 7-7488

JUNE 1958 381 set this one to govern all those which belong to the same order as that upon which thou standest. (Abraham 3:2-3.)

Moved by the scripture, the imaginative W. W. Phelps wrote:

If you could hie to Kolob, in the twinkling of an eye, And then continue onward, with that same speed to fly, D'ye think that you could ever, through all eternity, Find out the generation where Gods began to be?

Or see the grand beginning, where space did not extend?

Or view the last creation where Gods and matter end?

Methinks the Spirit whispers, No man has found "pure space....

There is no end to matter; there is no end

to space...."

Brigham Young taught that "there is an eternity of matter."Further,

"Astronomers estimate that there is between us and the nearest fixed star matter enough from which to organize millions of earths like this."

(Journal of Discourses 7:2.) Again,

he talked of the time

... when the philosopher of the age

reaches that perfection that one can waft himself to the moon or to the north star, or to any other of the fixed planets, and be there in an instant, in the same manner that Jesus did when he ascended to the

Father in heaven and returned to the earth again, then we may begin to think that we know a little. (Ibid., 18:260.)

In volume 14 of the same Journal

ETERNAL QUEST in(p.the231),spiritBrighamworld andspokethe aboutabilitylifeto

By Hugh B. Brown move "with ease and like lightning,"

not only in space but also in time.

Here is a wide range of rich, challenging discussions that,If weor thewantotherto place—andvisit Jerusalem,I presumeor this,we

and topics which present Elder Hugh B. Brown at his best. willare, lookingbe permittedat its streets.if we desire—thereIf we want weto

Believing that the quest for truth is eternal, Elder Brown thebeholdSavior;Jerusalemor if weaswantit wasto seein thethe daysGardenof

seeks it out in such interesting, logical, and entertaining are.of Eden... asAndit waswhenwhentherecreated,we maytherebeholdwe

the as earth or of creation, at the dawn ways that the reader is constantly stimulated and inspired.

visit city that exists any we may we please

This compilation of sermons and writings during a lifeupon its surface.

time of Church 'service contains his wellknown "Rational It remained for Parley P. Pratt,

schooled under Joseph and BrigFaith Series"of radio broadcasts and his choicest talks ham, and theologian par excellence, to servicemen during World War II. Also contains to expand upon these ideas in his

Key to Theology. In the 1855 Liverinvaluable helps for the gospel teacher or speaker—it has pool edition, chapter 16 is devoted

much for the leader—it is full of lifts for life. to what might well be termed "theology for the space age."The chap-

$3.50 ter is entitled: "Further Remarks on

Man's Physical and Intellectual Progress—Philosophy of Will, As Originating, Directing, and Controlling

All Voluntary Animal Motion—Astounding Facts in Relation to the BOOKCRAFT1186 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAH

382 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.7F*i

Speed, or Velocity of Motion, As

Attainable By Physical Man—Intercommunication of the Inhabitants of

Different and Distant Planets."Some

of the imaginative lines in this chapter might well challenge the modem astronaut. Recognizing that in the

1850's man could move "over the surface of the earth at... ninety

miles per hour,"he foresaw "wafting himself through the open firmament Announcing a girl's most at the rate of, perhaps, a thousand cherished event in life miles an hour.""Then what?"asked may be done distinctively

Brother Parley. "Will the great, the

infinite principle within him be satisthrough the Deseret News fied? No. He lifts his eyes to... Press wedding invitation

those myriads of shining orbs on service. A wide selection

high."Noting that man is "chained, of styles and cards thatimprisoned, confined here, by the f!i\

operation or attraction of surroundwould please the most dising elements, which man has not yet criminating bride are now discovered the means to control,"available.

(as with the US Navy's first Vanguard), Parley then recollected that "the vast earth on which we dwell...

moves through actual space at the astonishing velocity of... sixtyfour

thousand eight hundred miles per hour."If such a vast bulk "canmove through space, at a rate of Deseret News Press

great,"asked so inconceivably speed 33 Richards Street Sales Office—Phone EM 4-258T Salt Lake City, Utah of Paradise, "how easily the Archer

we can conceive the probability of vastly increased powers of locomobodies of animate part tion on the The Lady Who Emily Post earthly prison, their released from quickened by superior and celestial element, dictated by an independent, Minds Your Manners inherent principle called the will, Emily Post is THE authority on etiquette.

and urged onward by the promptShe has been for years and millions of perings of the eternal, infinite mind and sons live by her books and her columns. You

for aspirations their affections, in can stay good and proper by reading "Keepenjoyment.... The and knowledge

science of geography will then be ing Posted"which appears regularly on the extended to millions of worlds.... women's pages of your

Vast systems of suns and their atfamily newspaper, /""""tendant worlds on which the eyes The Deseret News ( of Adam's race, in their rudimental sphere, have never gazed, will then be contemplated, circumscribed, weighed in the balance of human Jg thought.... (Pp. 149157.)—

Life magazine, in an editorial "Space, History and God"(April 7, 1958), commented on the ARPA ( Advanced Research Projects Agency of the United States ) design to plan "lunar probes"and later "human planetary exploration."Both religion

and science, said Life, "seem to be somewhat better prepared for it than they were for some great intellectual turning points in man's past."Compared with Columbus

and Galileo, Werner von Braun and

THE MOUNTAIN WEST

JUNE 1958 383 Organ Collections for the religiousGeneral persecution.Medaris haveAnybeenrecantingspared namelyand the thegrowthslowofacceptancetolerance ofandtruthunChurch and factshas hadof to weights,square withvolumes,the stubbornfuels, derstanding,of putting a thansatellitethereintois inorbit.the factIn

sures; and not with superstitions theology, whose sweep and scope is Home materials, electric circuits, and presany event there is available ample

about a flat earth or a turtlelike well beyond the orbit of Sputnik I, universe. Perhaps there is greater Sputnik II, Explorer I, or Vanguard

hope in this element of the space age, in these times.

Be Honest With Yourself

HonoiThy Father and AT THE CONSOLEFelton CHAPEL ORGANISTPresser. DEVOTIONAL ORGAN ALBUMMother

Asper 2.50 EASY CHURCH VOLUNTARIESNolte 1.50

FAVORITE ORGAN VOLUNTARIESVols. 1, 2, 3—Lorenz ea. 1.50

ORGAN IN THE CHURCHAsper.... 2.75

ORGAN VISTASPresser 1.50

ORGAN VOLUNTARIESVols. 1 & 2—Schreiner ea. 3.50

REED ORGAN PLAYERDitson 1.00

REED ORGAN SELECTIONSLewis... 1.00

70 SOLOS FOR HAMMOND OR REED ORGAN 1.25

33 FAVORITE SOLOS FOR CHURCH AND GENERAL USE 1.50

The above organ collections are a very small part of our organ stock. We carry a large

stock of books for every make of organ.

Try us for your musical needs.

Music Sent on Approval Use this advertisement as your order blank

DAYNES MUSIC COMPANY 15 E. 1st South

Salt Lake City 11, Utah send the music indicated above. Please Be Honest with Yourself Approval Charge On

Money Enclosed Name The word honor is one of the education, the use of his car, and

Address richest in the language. It implies "eswise counsel?

teem,""reverence,""respect,"sons daughters, "courour and Do you,

City & State tesy,""integrity,""purity,"in "chastity"parents honor choice your your—and much more. of good companions, in your seen

atine* Muic ence—to"To honor"obey andalso respectrequiresthoseobediwe andtendance,unseenin conduct,the sharingin churchof homeatwould honor. work, in selfimprovement, in keep15 E. 1st So. The commandment "Honour thy ing the faith?

145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PR0VO Salt Lake City father and thy mother"encompasses These are the daily ways you can all of these and it promises much please and honor parents.

for obedience. Paul called it "the And what are the rewards for

first commandment with a promise."honoring them?

And what a promise, as we shall see! First, there's joy and inward satisfirst there's your part to be faction for you. These blessings The ABC of Mormonism But

done, young men and young women come automatically. Then there's

This book is quite unique and was written of the Church. the Lord's special promise that you

by AUBREY J. PARKER, a convert to MorLet's begin with the little things. will "live long on the earth"and

monism from the Methodist Ministry. To How long has it been, you teenthat "it may go well with you."

aid the missionary in presenting the Moraged daughter, since you took your What a promise, what a prospect!

mon message. Put up in handy pocket mother in your arms and thanked To do less than to obey this comsize; stiff back, and bound in green and her for life and the countless kind mandment, to receive less in return,

gold. It will last a lifetime of service, and deeds she has performed for you would be to deprive yourself of one

is yours for one dollar postpaid. Apply to: since birth? of the richest experiences in life.

Or you, son, when did you last

Elder Aubrey J. Parker thank Dad for food, clothing, home, BE HONEST WITH YOUBSELF

616 West Carrillo Santa Barbara, California

384 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

'W

**!3fe

H

Pill -#*"::*:a sp

.": FULLER'S SPECTACULAR NEW HOUSE PAINT to your homeAdds at least 2 extrayears ofpaint beauty

Revolutionary new kind of paint for wood! Gives your home a fresh new painted

look for 2 years longer than the finest paint you've ever used! Holds its colors, HERE'S HOW NEW FULLER HOUSE PAINT

faster, easier gloss than holds its for years! Spreads the best of them! Dries hours COMPARES WITH THE FINEST PAINT

paint costs house sooner than ordinary no more! And YOU'VE EVER USED

traditional Finest New Fuller kind of paint. astonishing THERE'S As new the numNEVER BEEN A PAINT

Paint paint House house... LIKE IT BEFORE... testpainted of these grew ber homes

The original formula was developed in and today there are hundreds of them... Can resist rigorous Keeps fresh, new

at least Fuller's weather appearance Western 1951. chemists watched, tested, comGeneral

years. 2 years than longer only a tew pared. appearance: Fuller chemists, through knowhow and finest the house

continuous research, found that by comRESULTS WERE PHENOMENAL paint.

bining materials, certain "miracle"new Fuller rigorous test Paint every House met to lose Starts glossy lustre glossy Keeps could they exterior produce paint so an GIOSS: after appearance for years. of it outperformed... weather and wear

first months. few resistant superior in to wear, so amazingly finest paints. the house

it every that finest way made even the house paint oldfashioned seem by Colors: aboutStarts 6tomonths.fade after Keepsness forcoloryears.brightcom- Today,field experience,because ofFullerthis tremendouscan offer you7yearthis parison.

paint, revolutionary without house new

Readily stained with be rust Cannot of laboraAmerica's largest chemical Two qualification, as nails, White: rust FINEST stained. from HOUSE THE

tories tested these findings. and confirmed etc. gutters, screens, BUY. PAINT YOU CAN

FULLER WANTED TO BE SURE If you're going to paint... get 2 extra Goes on fast and Goes on faster and

Out into the field wentFuller's men. Homes years of beauty for your home... at no Application: easy. easier than finest

all over the West were painted with this extra cost! Get new Fuller House Paint! house paint.

W. P. FULLER & CO. At least 6 hours; Dries dust free in 2

Drying: target for dust, hours. Fog or rain

mi leaves, fog, rain. won't harm it.

For stucco surfaces where a flat finish is

FulColor preferred, Exuse the famous colors. Paint.:fe:U! 1 terior Latex 42 beautiful

g&gn Goes on so easy and smooth that this man So durable, so weatherresistant that it will FULLER in sidecovered the whole its of a house lustre glossy color brightness less keep and PAINTS * GLASS regularthan 4 hours. paint house With longer paint 2 years than the finest you've

he'd have done much less. ever used!

APRIL CONFERENCE INDEX

a, /**&*& &'/"$*- Speakers Benson, Ezra Taft 433 Moyle, Henry D...434

Brown, Hugh B 450 Petersen, Mark E 448

Buehner, Carl W. 430 Richards, LeGrand 426

Christiansen, ElRay L 422 Richards, Stephen L 409

Clark, J. Reuben, Jr.. 412 Romney, Marion G 460

Evans, Richard L 440 Sill, Sterling W 415

Hanks, Marion D.445 Smith, Eldred G 421

Hinckley, Gordon B 456 Smith, Joseph Fielding...414

Hunter, Milton R.443 Sonne, Alma 429

Isaacson, Thorpe B 446 Stapley, Delbert L. 452

Ivins, Antoine R 428 Taylor, Henry D. 455

Kimball, Spencer W 417 Tuttle, A. Theodore 454

Longden, John 419 Wirthlin, Joseph L. 439

McConkie, Bruce R.438 Young, Clifford E 432

McKay, David 406, 464 Young, Levi Edgar 437

Morris, George Q 424 Young, S. Dilworth 420

packed in an immaculate cannery on the Mexican border by Subjects

Aaronic Priesthood Interfaith Marriages 448 430, 439 4 ST&Hiety are and 445 Eve 424 Ideals rec0gforn i Zedauthenby Adam over the world gourmets quality. superb tic flavor and specialty America 415 Idols..419 or food If your

store doesn't carry these Atonement 443, 450 Jesus Christ 412 treats popular menu to Book of Mormon 446, 460 Lincoln 429 direct now, write

Interfaith Children Marriage, 448 414, 420

Inc. ASHLEY'S,

Christianity Missionaries.'...406, 426, 433 429 Sta. "A"

El Paso, Church Education 434, 454 Obedience 432, 455 Texas lu.

Church, Restored 450 Passions 406

Churches, Various 452 Peace 440

GfVB DeathDelinquency 437, 440414 PilgrimsPioneers..—437437

Easter 412 Prayer 446 Father 409 Priesthood 409, 428, 439

Golden Calves 419 Prophecies 426

Happiness 422 Resurrection 412, 432 THE BIRD... Gratitude 456 Repentance 460

Home 407 Senior Aaronic Priesthood 430, 446

Sin, 424 Note: Elder Harold B. Lee of the Council Smith, Joseph 421

of the spoke Twelve of the Air"on the "Church of the Broadcasting Columbia System. His adUnbelief 417

dress, as as well the at priestthe addresses given session of will the conference, hood in Worldliness...438 found be

the Conference Report pamphlet. Youth 420, 445, 454

RAIN BIRD, INDIAN MORNING of course!

by Margaret Grahame Collins There are handsome dividends to be earned in providing your The desert air about me seems to speak own weather for crops and pasOf ancient ones who passed here. I can feel

ture... there's no better way The Navajo sun's warm fingers on my cheek,

to do this than with Rain Bird The Paiute sand's soft blanket at my heel.

Sprinklers. Get water where The sky is like a polished turquoise stone

you want it, when you want it! On hammered silver clouds in bracelet form.

Single installations have more The arrowhead hills are quartz, chipped white as bone, than doubled—even tripled—And tribal drums beat low in summer storm.

yields and insured stability of The warcoup feather, ocotillo, stands crop income. See your dealer. In proud defiance on a sunbaked slope.

A Comanche whirlwind made of blowing sands

Write for free information. Is a hunting party after antelope.

And listening, I can hear a thin warcry,

NATIONAL RAIN BIRD Borne on Apache years that gallop by.

SALES & ENGINEERING CORP.

Azusa, California

386 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Begin your Books Club membership with this inspiring work of a beloved Apostle..

of theL by Dr. Adam S. Benn

You could choose no finer book to begin your Books

Club membership than this one by Dr. Bennion...

for here he speaks again on the themes which rilled his heart: The spiritual life, love of country, his dedication to youth, and his faith in the noble potentialities

of his fellow men. "The Candle of the Lord"will

rekindle the glow of inspiration which he brought to the thousands who enjoyed hearing his amiable voice.

This marvelous book will be a significant help in acquiring knowledge of the gospel and will start you on the systematic road to a prized Church library. $3.75

S*KSHBaBB5HPaffiB mmmmgmmmm r WHYYour membershipYOU SHOULDin theJOINLDS NOWBooks HOW THE CLUB PLAN SAVES YOU UP TO 20% to increase you will enable Club as- A. With every four books you buy thru ofthe-month. If you wish to receive the of gospel, the your knowledge

sist fifth Books receive Club, a you you LDS will top sent book you be do nothing—it give and in youbuildingthese youradditionaltestimony,adthe. book as a book bonus FREE you to along postpaid a with statement. you vantages: five get choice for price books.. thethus Church not the return If you book, do want you

Savings: of four, a savings of approximately 20%. the postcard provided for an alternate seAbout 20% through a free bonus B. You join by ordering "The Candle of lection (or none at all). book plan.

of or alternate or the the one Lord"more four Books purchased have After you D. Selection: selections Careful order described below. You may

select your selections, you FREE Club may four as to keep as few a year your books the choicest books are Only list of choice a long book from bonus recommended. active or order membership... you may

provided. will be which books one or more books each month if you Church Convenience desire.

available to are books E. Other Church BooksBooks areare delivedelivered right to your

door.door. C. Each month you will receive reviews club members through the club. However,

selections will not carry of several nonbook-club selected carefully books Methodical:

one of the books book-... bonus credit. being named YourYour librarylibrary cgrows systematwith

ically.ically. ALTERNATES -

Best New LDS Books FROM LIVERPOOL TO THE VALLEY 4 DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS COMFielding SALT Smith LAKE $4.00 THE GREAT OF by Joseph MENTARY, get as as they You soon them

others $4.00 and press. off the come historical Reprint classic record of of a

edirevised completely indexed and A illusemigration Europe. Richly from

to help studying valuable A most trated.

this important understanding tion.and book

Christ as Books Jesus such The scripture. of

available, too. are 3. JOSEPH $5.95 SMITH BEGINS HIS WORK

STORIES CHILDREN, FOR SACRED by authentically an reproduced longer? wait Why Now Felt Marie $3.95 "First Edition"of Book Moract. to Start building

with photos, Children will documents, youris thelibrarytime Containscompletemon these delighted be and with now.

facts stories history of known of about unforgettable easyto-read Booklittleand

Mormon. of great prophets of the Old Testament.

FILL OUT AND MAIL THIS COUPON NOW!

LDS BOOKS CLUB, 161 East Utopia Avenue, Salt Lake City 15, Utah

Gentlemen: Please enroll me as a member of the LDS BOOKS CLUB and send me the selection(s) circled:

NAME

ADDRESS

CITY STATE

7 I Amount of check or money order enclosed: $ (Utah residents add 2% sales tax.)

(If you do not wish to mutilate your Era, send information on separate sheet.)

LDS Books Club JUNE 1958 387.

The Church

Moves On

March 1958

The annual allChurch senior basketball tournament began in the George Albert Smith field house on the campus of"

Brigham Young University, Provo. Thirtytwo teams played

in the tournament this year, representing wards in Canada and western United States.'SaJ&fa&Hf&u&t&ed f [ ft Qf

otaoutmauy Aud"JLHIlJ The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

IN SALT LAKE CITY Samuel R. Carpenter as president of the Central States MisPresident Dyer. R. sion. Alvin President He succeeds AT 8TH SOUTH MAIN OR STATE

former is a member and resides in Washington, D. C, Until Daily 6 p.m. Carpenter 9:30 a.m. Open

Mondays and Fridays Until 9 p.m. of the presidency of the Washington Stake. He is a native of

Evanston, Wyoming, and was reared in Vernal, Utah. He served

as a missionary in Holland. He and his wife, Kathleen Romney

Carpenter, are the parents of three children: Craig, a student at

mission in Finland; and Kathleen, a high ENJOY A LIFETIME OF BYU; John, serving a school student. Mrs. Carpenter and Kathleen will accompany him

HEALTH.. on this mission.

INVEST IN A American Fork Ninth Ward won the allChurch senior basLEE HOUSEHOLD Ji||pBS ketball tournament by defeating Mesa Tenth Ward (Arizona)

FLOUR MILL::':":"; before bysomea scorefiftyfiveof 5250hundredin a fansdoubleovertime,at the GeorgesuddendeathAlbert Smithgamefield ELECTRIC

PORTABLE house, Brigham Young University campus. Mesa Tenth gained secAUTOMATIC ond place in the tournament. Lomita (California) Ward placed third,

ECONOMICAL I Ogden Twentyninth, fourth; Grantsville Second, fifth; Sugar City

grind Stone your (Idaho), sixth and consolation; South Jordan, seventh; Monument flour a few hours

before baking. Park West Fifth, eighth; Grayson, ninth; and Richfield Fifth, tenth.

differTaste the ence! College Ward, whose membership is made up of students atChoice of 4 mills, tending Eastern Arizona Junior College, Thatcher, Arizona, won prices! for write

IntroducSave on... the basketball tournament for the college wards, held at the George tory flour offer

send coupon with Albert Smith field house. They defeated Utah State University

or check money orSecond Ward, in the fourteam tournament. There are about forty lb. pkg. der for 5

Flour is stone wards for college students now organized in the Church.

the ground day shipped.

LEE ENGINEERING Elder Delbert L. Stapley of the Council of the Twelve dediCOMPANY 1, Wis. cated the combination chapel and stake house of the SpencerMilwaukee

Spencer Second Ward, Oquirrh (Utah) Stake.

BAKE AN "We Would See Jesus"was the title of the radio address on j HONEST the "Faith in Action"series of the National Broadcasting Company,

LOAF! delivered by Elder Sterling W. Sill, Assistant to the Council of the

Twelve.

LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY, Dept. IE-6-58 Elder William B. Martin sustained as president of the Oquirrh

2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee 1, Wis. (Utah) Stake, with Elders Carl E. Pettersson and Howard Lanier

.'... 5-lb. Flour Pp. pkg. only $1.50 Smith Deaf as his counselors. They succeed President James Franklin Peel

5-lb. Pp. only pkg. $1.00 Flour.... Wis. Minn. and his counselors, Elders Omer E. Hall and Maurice A. Tuttle.

Name

Street

City State

388 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

How Standard's busy transportation system helps hold down prices of petroleum products

Twentysix Standard Tankers—Rivers of crude oil and products flow Miles of railroad cars, thousands of

plus others that we charter—sail the through 3364 miles of pipelines that trucks, trailers, and semitank trucks

seas to keep crude oil moving to refinStandard operates in the Western hemimove finished products to distribution eries and more than a hundred finished sphere. Also, we pay to send products points, service stations, airports, marine

products returning to customers. A through other companies'pipelines. stations, farms, factories and military

supertanker can hold enough gasoline They in turn use our lines. Through installations. Standard either operates

to run your car over 10,000 years. On these "steel arteries,"oil is pumped or leases nearly every form of transporinland waters, tugs, barges and smaller over mountains, as high as 9500 feet, tation to keep vital oil supplies moving.

tankers take over the transport job. under rivers and through deserts.

.. What's today's biggest travel bargain?—petroleum's trip Petroleum progress means

from oil well to refinery to you, a journey that often covers Transportation to deliver the 55% thousands of miles by land, water and underground. To keep more oil U.S. will use by 1968

the "fare"low, Standard serves the Western hemisphere with 1958 1968 a network of tankers, trucks, tank cars and pipelines. 380 million 590 million

They move oil in huge quantities carefully scheduled to match pergallonsday pergallonsday production at the well, refining capacity and our customers'needs. This farflung transportation job is done at a cost so low

it amounts to a fraction of the price per gallon—generally less

than you pay to mail a postcard.

It's one way we work to keep down the price of the gasoline you buy.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better

JUNE 1958 389 by President David O. McKay

i:-i:: f to the Youth

We are living in perilous times but let us hope that they may be to you, the youth of the present generation, as the fiery furnace that consumes the dross but purifies the gold.

The leadership demanded of youth today is not attained by chance nor fostered by indulgence. It demands

careful preparation—a preparation that

should be constantly impregnated, if you please, by the sweet spirit of four loyalties. *

Loyalty to self—by conserving physical

strength and youthful vigor.

Loyalty to parents—Our debt to our

parents is unpayable except in one way—

and that is in emulating their ideals, thus bringing joy to them in their old age and satisfaction to those who have gone before in seeing that we keep ourselves clean and wholesome.

Loyalty to country—A great writer has

said that "The destiny of any nation at any given time depends upon the opinions of its young men under five and twenty."Loyalty to God and truth—Our belief

in equality and brotherhood is a Christian heritage, and it fades out of the picture when Christian belief is forgotten. We have to educate the race to

realize that no man is unwanted, that every soul is unique and has a life to live made up of momentous choices which will make or mar his own life and the life of the community and of the world.

.

Editors Page

..of the Church

To cherish these loyalties, to make popular these tentially capable of determining the kind of world we ideals, the world needs men and women of unimpeachshall live in. Though not the wisest, youth is the

able character. best, the most radiant time of life.

The future is yours to make or to mar as you choose. Young men and young women, the future awaits

Youth—conviction—courage—is a combination poyou! It is yours!

... and to their Leaders

To help guide the youth at their critical time of these influences. I ask you guardians of youth, what

life is one of the mightiest and best missions given to are you doing to direct his efforts during that forty you mature members of the Church. percent of his life in which he is left alone to be himThere are three fundamental steps to take if we self?

would win young men and young women. The first From all parts of the country come reports that

is to become acquainted with them, to know them. youth is the criminal age. A preponderant part of our

The second step is the power of personality. We criminals are said to be between seventeen and twentymust let them know that we are interested in them. five.

Let them feel our hearttouch. Only a warm heart It seems that the Lord anticipated just such condican kindle warmth in another. Young people sometions as these, and he placed in the Church organizatimes are suspicious of people around them. Other tions for the purpose of saving the youth from the

youths get the idea that they are not wanted. The badlands of immorality and indifference towards rekind hand or the loving arm awakens confidence. ligious things, saving them from disbelief in God, savOur own experience bears ample evidence of the value ing them from irreverence.

of personal companionship. Do not condemn the young men and women; just

The third step is activity. We shall never accomfind out what they would like to do and what they

plish the great objectives that are before us until we can do, because as soon as they begin to work, they realize that every boy and girl must have something are going to be interested.

to do. "There are no bad herbs, and there are no bad

It has been estimated that about sixty percent of a men; there are only bad cultivators."Let us be good

young person's time, during his first eighteen years, is cultivators so that the responsibility for any of the spent in the home, in sleep, and in school. That youth who are in the badlands may not rest upon

leaves forty percent of his life to be spent outside our shoulders!

JUNE 1958 391 the Council Hugh B. BrOWn of

by Wendell J. Ashton

"Go on, Dutch. Go on, put your hand in that hole proximately two miles east of the site of the family

and pull him out!"farm where he had tussled with a weasel. It was

Blond and freckled "Dutch,"only about ten and now Easter morning, April 6, 1958. The assemblage

slim and agile as a whip, could hear the weasel stirring before him overflowed the great Salt Lake Tabernacle.

inside the hole. He and his older brother, Homer, Beyond its walls sat a television audience conservahad seen it go in. They had feverishly shoveled away tively estimated at in excess of a million, besides an

the hole until they were an arm's length from the end. uncounted throng of radio listeners stretching across

"Dutch"thrust in his farmtough hand. He tugged a continent and into the islands of the sea.

it out. With it came the weasel, its teeth gripping Elder Hugh B. Brown had been chosen a latterday

deeply into the boy's finger. Homer's quick club apostle of the Lord. But neither he nor his vast

finished the animal. audience, save for a few, knew it. He stood there,

Homer and other boys from the surrounding farms arrow straight, his warrior's visage crowned by wavy called the younger brother "Dutch"not because of silver. He lifted his voice to tell the real meaning

his courage, although he had plenty of that. Give him a of Easter. The message of the resurrection rolled

challenge and he would ride a burro backwards, out as if from a mighty organ. Concluding, Elder

wrestle an enraged ram, jump off the high bridge into Brown, as if inspired as Isaiah of old, bore personal the murky Jordan River, or push his hand into a weatestimony that he knew "from the center of my heart sel's hole. They called him "Dutch"because of his slow to the ends of my fingers and toes... that Jesus is

and odd speech. He could not pronounce "r's"and the Christ, the Son of the Living God."

he had trouble with "g's."He said "bed"for "bread,"After the meeting, Elder Brown, who had served as

"diri"for "girl,"and generally distorted the English an Assistant to the Twelve for four and a half years, language. was told by President David O. McKay of his call to

Some three score and four years later, the man who the apostleship. That afternoon, at the concluding

had been "Dutch"the boy, stood before a pulpit apsession of the 128th annual general conference of the

Church of Jesus Christ of LatterHugh B. Brown Zina Card Brown day Saints, Elder Brown was sustained a member of the Twelve.

Four days later he was ordained an apostle, a special witness for

Christ, by President McKay.

Zola B. Hodson

392 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of the Twelve

From the farm on the outskirts of Salt Lake City there were 84 when he became Lethbridge (Canada) to that memorable Easter in the Tabernacle, the life Stake president in 1921. Today there are seven stakes

of Hugh B. Brown has covered a lot of ground. He in the area of Granite Stake in Salt Lake City over

has excelled as a soldier, lawyer, businessman, teacher, which he presided 25 years ago. Now there are more

and Church leader. But above all these he has been than 30,000 converts brought into the Church a year,

acclaimed as a preacher of righteousness, a modern compared with an estimated membership of 173,500

Isaiah whose power has been felt across many lands, in 1883, when he was born. There are now more than

whose makeup is a rare blend of the practical and 1,488,000 Church members. He laid the cornerstone

the poetic, of things of heaven and also of the good for one (New Zealand) of three temples whose walls earth. Valeton's 1 description of the ancient prophet have risen in Switzerland, England, and New Zealand

could have been written of Hugh B. Brown: during the past five years as the Church grows like

"Isaiah... stood with his head in the clouds, and Jonah's gourd across everwidening horizons.

his feet on the solid earth, with his heart in the things Elder Brown has contributed mightily to this of eternity and with mouth and hand in the things growth, as bishop's counselor, high councilman, counof time...,"selor in a stake presidency, British Mission president

Elder Brown, in his official duties always looks as (twice), the Church's coordinator and adviser for if he had just stepped from 10 Downing Street, resiLatter-day Saint servicemen in the United States and dence of Britain's prime minister. He is poise and Great Britain during World War II, Sunday School

dignity itself. He has mingled with the mighty of general board member, and as a General Authority.

several nations. Yet he knows what it is to feel the Hugh B. Brown was born October 24, 1883, in a

wet tails of rats moving over a tired face in the dark, red brick, single story farmhouse on Bedwood Boad dank trenches of war. He has a warmth and humor at approximately 39th South Street in greater Salt

that sinks right through a threadbare coat or the Lake City. That area was then known as part of

bright sweater of a college youth. Granger. He was the second son and fifth of fourteen

Hugh B. Brown, the statesmanmissionary, has been children of Homer Manley and Lydia J. Brown. Hugh

a pillar in the broad, surging growth of the Church was born on one of two farms his father operated.

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints in the past half But most of his boyhood was spent on the second century. farm, about four miles north on Redwood Road, in

Today there are 258 stakes in the Church where an area known as Lake Breeze. Here his father operSee page 487 for references. ated fifteen acres of or- (Continued on page 466)

LaJune B. Munk Mary B. Firmage Hugh C. Brown C. Manley Brown Carol L. Bunker Margaret B. Jorgenson

JUNE 1958 393 iK.:::i|:

Since the very inception of the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints, its members have been aware of the vital importance of the doctrine of "The

Apostasy."As pointed out by some of the most successful missionaries of a century ago, its prime importance may he stated in this summary: "Had there

been no apostasy, there would have been no need for the restoration."It is, therefore, not to be

wondered at that these early missionaries of the

Church spent many hours in seeking evidences to substantiate their conviction that contemporary Christianity had departed from the Apostolic Church.

There is but one basic source from which evidence may be gathered to study the apostasy which took place in the centuries following the departure of the original apostles of Jesus Christ. It is the New Testament. No one is qualified to discuss this important

subject until a virtual mastery of the teachings in this volume of scripture has been attained. It records for us what its various writers reported that Teaching

Jesus and his apostles both said and did in establishing congregations of Christian believers. It is,

therefore, the best source on the nature of the earlyChristian church that we possess. the

The net result of such a study of the Primitive

Church should be a definite concept concerning such items as the concept of God, Christ, the Holy Ghost; Apostasythe nature of man; the principles and ordinances of

the gospel that were required for Church admission;

and the teachings concerning such doctrines as the by T. Edgar Lyon

resurrection, Sacrament, and hope for eternal life. Associate Director, LDS Institute of Religion

Once having acquired this knowledge, one is prepared Salt Lake City, Utah to commence a comparison between that which was characteristic of the Christian Church and its proConducted by fessed modern counterparts. Too often our teachers the Unified

waste time by attempting to teach in three areas that Church School System usually prove futile. They are: (1) Attempting to

prove when the apostasy occurred. Some people desire exactness, and so an attempt is made to give were attempting to reform. (2) Some people waste

them a fixed date. But this course is both impossible time trying to prove where the apostasy took place,

and undesirable. The apostasy is a process. Apostate trying to pinpoint it to a given city, province, or

doctrines are still being interjected into Christianity country. Here, again, the task is futile, as it occurred

in our day. Both Lutheran and Calvinistic rein many places simultaneously. (3) Other teachers try

formed churches added their bits to the doctrines to prove who was the guilty person that led the Chrisof the already existing apostate church, which they tians to apostasy. One of the favorite techniques of

394 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA these teachers is to make an attack on the immoraliForces at work ties and corruption of the clergy, particularly some Not only were changes allowed to creep into Chrisof those who occupied the papacy. This approach tianity concerning the character of the Christian God,

has little value. In the first place, the Catholic but other forces at work also tended to develop

Church does not deny that some of its popes have changes in the nature of God. The early Christians

been somewhat less than perfect. In fact, it is from accepted the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost as three

Catholic sources that we learn about them. But such personalities in an allpowerful, eternally existing,

facts do not disturb the Roman Catholic because of his directive force within the universe. They were not

point of view. To him, the priesthood possessed by profound theologians, and they accepted this doctrine

the pope of Rome, or any other churchman, is a power in faith without attempting an explanation. The adof God that is greater than the personal unrighteousmission into the Christian Church of large numbers

ness of the man who holds it. Therefore, the act is of converts from the pagan world brought into the

acceptable to God, even though the officiator is perChurch people who sought definitive answers consonally immoral. Hence, an attack on the moral status cerning the nature of God. Being unacquainted with

of a church leader is not conclusive evidence of the Hebrew backgrounds of Christian theology, these apostasy. new converts, when they attained leadership within

A far more useful method theplanationChurch,of turnedthe Christianto GreekGodhead.philosophyResortingfor the exto

Instead of using the three abovementioned attacks, the teachings of Plato, there was born what has since a far more useful and convincing method, as well as been called "Christian Platonism."The confessions

being historically sound in its approach, is to study of faith adopted at the Council of Nicea and succeedwhat actually happened. When the time is limited ing general councils of the various factions of the

in which to teach the apostasy, one should concenChristian movement, all describe God's triple nature trate on the fundamental issues rather than on trivial in terms of pagan philosophical concepts. In order

sideissues. By viewing Christianity in its broad to do this it became necessary for the Christians to

setting, and making a comparison between the forms turn to a concept of their God as an immaterial being, and functions of the Primitive Church and those and the three personalities which constitute it as groups in our present society who profess to be folbeing three transitory manifestations of the philosophlowing Christian precepts, one sees a clearcut deically defined God. The end result, which took nearly

parture from the original Christian norm. This is a a millennium to evolve and define, was in the end a

study of what happened to produce the condition we pagan rather than a Christian God.

refer to as "Apostate Christianity."Not only were the character and nature of God

If one takes the teachings of the original Christian changed, but also during these same centuries drastic

Church and compares them with presentday Chrisinnovations crept into socalled Christianity concerntianity, there are two areas in which traditional ing the character and nature of man. The New TestaChristianity, whether of the Catholic or the Protestant ment stresses the dignity, worth, and freewill nature

variety, is manifestly far removed from its founding of man. In addition, he was the object of God's love

fathers of the first century. First, theologically, one and was potentially a being of goodness, who, if he

discovers some drastic alterations. In the Ancient knew what was right, was capable of doing right.

Church, God was depicted as a God of kindness, One of the first changes made in the character of mercy, love, forgiveness, and justice, with an interest man has come to be designated as the docfrine of in the welfare of each child. Changes were effected inherited sin, or "Original Sin."It taught that Adam,

whereby God was made to appear as an angry, wraththrough disobedience to divine command, had offul, vengeful God, who sent earthquakes, floods, fended God. Because of this "Fall,"Adam had infamines, storms, as well as death, accidents, paralysis, curred the wrath of God and at the same time had

and other ailments, as punishments for sin. become a corrupt being. (Continued on page 470)

JUNE 1958 395 Gordon B. Hinckley

Assistant to the Twelve

by LaMar S. Williams

One hundred twentyeight years ago this month preparation and distribution of mission literature, (June), Samuel Harrison Smith was set apart by the problems arising from sick missionaries, mission reProphet Joseph Smith to take a missionary journey ports, radio broadcasts, training films, pictures, and to the East. From this rather humble beginning has many other duties with their varied details. In addievolved the huge missionary program of the Church tion to this work, he has been serving as president of

which is receiving international fame. From this the East Mill Creek Stake.

first journey, during which copies of the Book of MorThe efficient way he has carried on his responsimon were sold and the gospel preached, has grown bilities qualified him for the important calling which an activity of great importance. came on April 6, 1958, when he was sustained as an

For many years, as assistant in the missionary deAssistant to the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles.

partment and as executive secretary of the missionary Elder Hinckley has had the rare privilege of assocommittee, Gordon B. Hinckley has played a part in ciating with all of the General Authorities. His work

expediting this phase of the Lord's work. Under the has brought him close to President David O. McKay

direction of the First Presidency and the missionary and under the direct supervision of President Stephen committee, he carries responsibility in supplying over L Richards, who directs the missionary activity of the 11,000 missionaries in the stake and foreign missions Church.

with the necessary materials to teach the gospel. Gordon Bitner Hinckley was born June 23, 1910,

There were over 30,000 converts as a result of misthe son of Bryant S. and Ada Bitner Hinckley. During

sionary labor last year. The missionary department his youth, he was taught the value of work. It was

gives attention to such diversified phases as military here on the farm that he learned to milk the cow, do status, translation of mission literature, missionary the chores, pick the fruit. (Continued on page 472)

calls, missionary training, assisting mission presidents,

Elder Gordon B. Hinckley. Elder Hinckley

Elder Gordon B. Hinckley with Sister Hinckley and children, (1. tor.): Virginia, was sustained as Assistant to the Twelve at

Cynthia Jane, Sister Hinckley, Elder Hinckley, Kathleen, Richard, and Clark. general conference.

396 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

..... "Knighted"in the Field

Henry Dixon Taylor, Assistant to the Twelve

by Spencer W. Kimball

of the Council of the Twelve

To all who watched Henry Dixon Taylor grow from have been equally worthy and able to serve in the childhood to rich maturity it must have been evident high calling that has come to you."

that this quiet, unassuming man who was elevated in As one glances at the long line of leadership posiChurch circles on April 6, 1958, was a "man of destions Henry Taylor has filled, it seems certain that he tiny."There was little surprise among those who should reach high places. He seems to have been

knew him best when he was chosen to be an Assistant president or chairman of every organization he beto the Council of the Twelve. "I knew he would be longed to, from the deacons quorum, at the time of

called,"said one. "It was inevitable,"said another. World War I, through numerous posts in civic,

And one of his associates in the mission said of him: educational, business, and ecclesiastical groups. He

"The quietest dynamo that I have ever met."This was a leader in the Aaronic Priesthood and seventies

well expresses the unusual combination of power and quorums, was stake clerk, high councilman, bishop, peace that is Henry D. Taylor. stake president. The leadership calls in Church and

He is a perfect blend of enthusiasm that is quiet community which came to this man might have been a and modest, and of the serenity that has behind it a wellordered design preparing him for this new work.

reservoir of strength, influence, and accomplishment. Hardly any major field was missed. He played an,

This man is but one of six stalwart brothers, all reimportant part in and has come to know from foundaturned missionaries, of whom it was said by another tion to capstone the priesthood work, at which he has admirer of the family: "... it is not diminishing your served all his days in both Aaronic and Melchizedek

stature one iota to say that any of your brothers would Priesthood units; the '( Continued on page 482

Elder and Mrs. Taylor, seated with Anthony H., serving a mission Elder Henry D. Taylor, president of

in New Zealand, and Henry D., Jr., and his wife Colette; standing the California Mission, new Assistant

are Stephen K. and David A. to the Council of the Twelve.

JUNE 1958 397 I am a free man. I have considered myself free

ever since I was old enough to know what the word means. Being free, I have liberty. Liberty was what

my greatgreat-grandfather fought for. At least that

is what I think he fought for. Actually, what made

those colonial leaders angry was the fact that they were being taxed without their permission. So they

encouraged my greatgreat-grandfather to resist paying a tax unless he agreed to do so through proper representation. Of course he and many others refused,

and the king's men, hearing of this, used a threat of force to make him pay. So he helped use force

against those who would force him.

After the long and bloody war was fought, he could move about in the countryside as he liked, but he couldn't vote, because he didn't own property.

It's odd, isn't it, that when men first got the idea of The Price liberty, they first thought of it only for those who held property. There were not going to be any nonlandholders outvote the permanent owners of land.

So until he held some property, my greatgreat-grandof father couldn't vote to maintain his liberty. He, a

free man, could be subject to laws which were voted by men who didn't have the same interests as he, and who might make laws which would curtail his liberty,Liberty for which he had fought, without his consent. He

might have considered it a paradox that he took a by S. Dilworth Younj good chance of dying in order for property holders

of the First Council of the Seventh to do exactly the same thing to him as the king had tried to do. But he didn't feel that way. Later on

he came to know that the tyranny of lawless oppressors can be harder to overcome than the tyranny of legitimate tyrants.

He had several ideas on the price of liberty by 1840, for he saw many lawless things happen. For

example, he heard of the death of old Father McBride—a mob had come upon the Mormons at Haun's Mill.

In preparation for the next visit of A hundred or more men had ridden into camp, yelling the ward teachers, it is hoped that and cursing. Driven by pure hate they killed a total

each family will read, as a part of of seventeen men and boys. Old Father Thomas

McBride pleaded with them to spare him—saying he

their family hour, this stirring artihad been a Bevolutionary soldier, but they cut him cle. It is one of a series in which to pieces with a corn knife, after shooting him with

his own gun. Greatgreat-grandfather might have

General Authorities, in cooperation observed that this is a poor end for a man who had with the Presiding Bishopric, discuss offered his life as a stake for liberty and freedom.

the monthly ward teaching topics. By the time Greatgreat-grandfather had dragged

Family Hour Discussion Topic

his weary old bones across Missouri in the winter of inhabitants are of Israel and are heirs of the promises.

1838 and found refuge in Illinois, he had a whole new I suspect too that the type of evil and corruption set of ideas on the price we must pay to maintain against which I must valiantly fight is found in inliberty. He could have told us that corrupt officers in numerable disguises among my neighboring coungovernment, and corrupt people sustaining them, can tries. Together then we must maintain righteous

rob a man of liberty faster than a king, and with principles, for these are universal under any law, greater tyranny. Anyhow, before he knew the full under any government, if Zion, the whole of the

extent of the evil that had come upon the Mormons Americas, is to be redeemed.

he died—worn out from the hardships of being driven My only chance is to be eternally vigilant—not only

illegally from his home by an illegal mob, backed by to resist evil attacks on my liberties, but also and far a legal militia, perverted to evil purposes by legal more important, to be sure that honest, just men hold officers of the government. office, and, still more important, make the laws. Not

So what do I do to see that such things do not haponly must I put men in office who will justly enforce pen to me? For I was once a soldier. My cry was law without prejudice, fear, or favoritism, but I must

not "Taxation without representation is tyranny."It also give the moral support I can to their righteous

was "Make the world safe for democracy."Can I decisions and efforts to maintain honor and integrity

turn aside the designs of wicked men by declaring in office. It is not enough to nominate and to elect;

that I once fought for democracy, and that my greatit is barely enough to support and sustain righteous greatgrandfather once fought for liberty? efforts of righteous men.

I can remember that the Prophet Joseph Smith said There is more. I must remember that coercion in

that this land is to be Zion, and the great city of Zion any form robs me of liberty. If I join a group banded

is to be built in it. There are to be no kings or dictogether to obtain advantages, the group must be led

tators to curtail liberty and freedom so long as the by righteous principles or it soon becomes a lawless people will serve God and his Son Jesus Christ. power. It is not a happy thought, for example, that

While I take comfort from the promises made to the an organization as powerful as a great labor union early prophets, still I cannot sit waiting for the Lord can be controlled by men who are elected by lawless to fulfil the promise. means, by vote buying, by coercion, and that once in

A great variety of means have been used to bring power they cannot be investigated or controlled by and maintain freedom. It happened that my greatthe members without danger to life and limb. Evil

greatgrandfather took part in a long war to gain it, men who take control of welfare funds, spending but in the Canadian part of the land freedom came by them in riotous living, and yet not having to account peaceful means through concessions, grants, and deto anyone for the use made of the money, r: 2 dangermands by the Canadians to the motherland. ous enemies to our country. What are we coming to

It doesn't take much work to trace the efforts made when righteous men dare not protest because it means to gain freedom in other parts of Zion. One of the loss of opportunity to subsist to do so? If I am going

most poignant, heartwrenching stories in the annals to belong, I must be (Continued on page 474) of man is that of our Mexican brothers. Theirs has

been a struggle not only to keep out kings, but also to break the exploiting power of corrupt men who President substituted as kings—not in name, but in fact. Con- S. Dilworth Young was

born in Salt Lake City. As a

tinued poverty and ignorance, unless conquered, will young man he served a mission enslave as surely as kings and dictators. I read with in the Central States. For many

years he was a Boy Scout officer sympathy of the great efforts of South American in Ogden, Utah. He was sustained

heroes, and of their modern counterparts trying to a member of the First Council of the Seventy at the April 1945 achieve liberty and freedom, and once given the rights general conference. He prefor which they struggled, striving to maintain them so sided over the New England

their peoples can rise to better things. Most of their States Mission fromto AprilMay 1951.1947

JUNE 1958 399 President Albert Theodore Tuttle of the First Council of the Seventy

by Boyd K. Packer

Supervisor of Seminaries and Institutes of Religion

Those who know Albert Theodore Tuttle were not referred to him as her child of promise. She once

surprised with his call to the First Council of the likened herself to Hannah and impressed upon him

Seventy. His life unfolds as a testimony to the printhat he should always be worthy of a life of service

ciple of devoted and faithful Church service. He to the Lord.

comes to this high position with unusual preparation His career in Church service and in teaching actualand brings to his assignment outstanding strength ly began as president of the seminary student body and ability. during his junior year in high school. He was called

His parents, Albert M. and Clarice Beal Tuttle, to the chapel every Tuesday after school to teach

were stalwart Latterday Saints. Though they longed a class of Trail Builders. His seminary teacher, an

for a larger family, they were blessed with only two inspired man who had the genius to grow very close children: Ted, as he is known throughout the Church, to his students, became an ideal for Brother Tuttle,

and his older sister, June (now the wife of President and there developed a friendship that has grown

Clifford U. Gee, second counselor in the Park Stake through the years. Even today, they reserve time

presidency). Brother Tuttle inherited from his father for a tramp through the hills or an occasional hunt-

a quiet, pleasant generosity and from his mother ing trip.

steadfastness and determination. In Manti, where Brother Tuttle was elected student body president

the Tuttle family lived, his mother was an ardent his senior year in high school and was especially temple worker and stake president of the Relief Sointerested in drama and opera. During these teenciety. His father, a sheep rancher and later on a age years, whenever Ted would return from a date,

livestock buyer, was a high priest in his ward. the upstairs step number twelve with its builtin

President Tuttle recalls that his mother, in the quiet, squeak always announced his coming. The bed lamp

affectionate moments between mother and son, often would flash on in his (Continued on page 475)

President A. Theodore Tuttle, sustained President A. Theodore Tuttle of the First Council of the Seventy

a member of the First Council of the holds Jonathan W., while Sister Tuttle holds Clarissa Marne.

Seventy at general conference. Standing are Diane, Robert T., and David M.

400 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Melchizedek Priesthood

Here are the answers

... you wanted

(Last month ten questions asked of the general 17. May quorum secretaries assist in confidential

priesthood committee, together with the committee's annual visits?

answers, were printed on these pages. The 14 quesNo. These visits should only be made by members

tions and answers presented here complete the series.) of the quorum presidency.

11. How often should quorum members living away 18. Who should attend the monthly quorum business

from home be corresponded with? meetings?

Every quorum member living way from home All quorum members should attend this meeting.

should be corresponded with by his quorum at least For elders or seventies quorums where all members once each month. This can be assigned to various live in the same ward, it may be held during regular

quorum members, so it will not be a burden on any class period on the second Sunday of each month. For

one individual. quorums extending into several wards, a time should

12. What may be considered as a Church assignbe provided for the monthly quorum business meetment as called for in question #6 of the Melchizedek ing which will not conflict with other meetings and

Priesthood monthly report? which will permit all quorum members to be present.

Any temporary assignment such as assisting with 19. When the monthly quorum business meeting is

ordinances, speaking or praying in a meeting, visiting held on the second Sunday, will those in attendance sick members, ward teaching, etc. be given credit for attending the monthly quorum

13. Can officers, teachers, etc., as listed in question business meeting or the weekly priesthood meeting or

#8 be considered as assignments? both?

No. It is the intention of this question merely to They will be given credit for the meeting attended.

show the number of quorum members holding the In this instance there would be only the monthly quopositions shown therein. rum business meeting, so no credit should be shown

14. When should, confidential annual visits be made for the weekly priesthood meeting because such a class

to quorum members? would not actually be held.

They should begin in January and be spread 20. How often should quorum socials be held?

throughout the year. To bring about greater activity and permit qourum

15. Who should make these visits? members and their wives to become better acquainted,

Only members of the quorum presidency. The it is recommended that quorum socials be held at

presidency should go individually and not as a group. least once each quarter.

( See pages 5859 of the Melchizedek Priesthood Hand21. Are group socials permitted?

book.) Quorum socials are preferred, but local conditions

16. May group leaders make confidential annual may make it advisable to have group socials.

visits to assist the quorum presidencies? 22. May groups have projects or must they be on a

No. Only members of the quorum presidency may quorum basis?

make the confidential annual visits. Group leaders Groups may have their own projects, but they

should visit members frequently but not in connection should be under the supervision of the quorum presiwith the confidential annual visit. dency, and any proceeds ( Continued on page 482

JUNE 1958 401 u I am he

they asked: "Men and brethren, what shall we do?"

The answer came quickly from Peter: "Repent and

be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus

Christ for the remission of sins,"he instructed, "and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost."

What a glorious day! Without hesitation droves of

people came forward to ask for baptism, and some three thousand were led down into the water and afterwards received the gift of the Holy Ghost.

That the Lord continued actively to direct his work on the earth is shown by a number of events. We will

recall, for example, how Saul, on his way to Damascus to arrest members of the Church, was enveloped in a light so bright that he and those with him fell to the ground in terror. "Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou

It was the Day of Pentecost, on our calendar about me?"a voice asked.

the 25th o May. Some fifty days had passed since "Who art thou, Lord?"Saul inquired.

the Lord had been crucified, and nine times the sun "I am Jesus of Nazareth, whom thou persecutest,"had risen and set since he had ascended into heaven. the voice answered.

The eleven apostles were still in the holy city, "all After asking what he should do, Saul, who became with one accord in one place,"obedient to Jesus'inknown as Paul, obeyed the word of the Lord and structions to wait "in the city of Jerusalem until ye devoted a long life to preaching the gospel and debe endued with power from on high."* fending truth.

This was the day chosen for that power to be given, But the Church was not long to endure. Ancient

and marvelous manifestations were seen and heard. prophets had predicted that the word of the Lord

The apostles were filled with the Holy Ghost and would be taken from the earth. The apostles likewere given the gift of tongues, speaking in many lanwise came, and while they yet lived the trouble grew.

guages. Peoples from many lands, who were in Stephen was accused of blasphemy and stoned to

Jerusalem for the feast, were attracted to the place death. The apostles were often imprisoned, and each

by news of the marvelous events, and though they of them, with the exception of John the Beloved, is spoke diverse tongues, still much to their amazement reported to have died at the hands of evil men who they understood the words of the apostles. were seeking to destroy the Church.

Peter led the discussions, reviewing the prophecies John was banished to the Isle of Patmos in the concerning Jesus, speaking of his life and teachings, Mediterranean Sea. While there, Jesus revealed to

and testifying of his divinity. him many things, which are contained in the book of

So impressive was the event, and so convincing Revelation. This was probably the last revelation of

were the testimonies of the apostles, that many of Jesus to man which is recorded in the Bible.

the people were converted. But now that they beThe world was not yet ready to accept the teachlieved, what was required of them? Of the apostles ings of Jesus, and the early saints were persecuted

See page 487 for references. unmercifully. Accounts of the atrocities committed

402 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MIA Reading Course: Jesus the Christ

—Conclusion

by Doyle L. Green, Managing Editorthat liveth

against them are among the most infamous tales in Church, made the Bible available for general reading, history. Although some of the people remained faithand became the leaders of the Beformation and the

ful, apostasy and internal trouble were so widespread fathers of the protectant churches.

that after the death of the apostles there was no one Also playing an important role in preparations for through whom the Lord could speak. the restoration was Columbus, who was guided across

Complete apostasy came some 300 years sooner on the great seas by the inspiration of the Lord and in the eastern hemisphere than it did on the western, 1492 discovered a land which was destined to become but come it did, and for a period of from 1400 to 1700 a place where freedom and a degree of tolerance years we have no record of any communication bewould again permit the work of the Lord to be estabtween God and man. This is the period known in lished.

history as the Dark Ages, described by the Prophet But many more years were to pass before the time

Amos in these words: "Behold, the days come, saith was fully ripe. It was in the spring of 1820 that

the Lord God, that I will send a famine in the land, Jesus came again in person to the earth, this time in not a famine of bread, nor a thirst for water, but of response to the prayer of a fourteenyear-old boy, hearing the words of the Lord: Joseph Smith, through whom the Lord would work

"And they shall wander from sea to sea, and from in restoring the gospel and organizing the Church.

the north even to the east, and they shall run to and So momentous was this occasion that God the fro to seek the word of the Lord, and shall not find Father accompanied his Son, and together they apit. peared to the young man in a grove of trees in westCould it be that this was the only way mortals ern New York state.

could learn what would happen to them when the Introducing Jesus, the Father spoke almost the spirit of the Lord was withdrawn and they were left identical words which he had used on three previous to their own devices and to the bufferings of Satan? important occasions: when Jesus was baptized of John

It was a hard lesson! Over the years the gospel of in the Biver Jordan; at the transfiguration on the

love, truth, and freedom, and the Church organizamountain in Caesarea Philippi; and when Christ first

tion through which it was administered, became all appeared to the Nephites in the land Bountiful.

but unrecognizable. Gradually the truth was lost or Speaking to the boy Joseph, he said: "This is My Becorrupted; the organization was altered; the ordiloved Son: Hear Him!"

nances were changed and added to. The accounts In answer to the question as to which church he

of greed, of force and bloodshed, of intrigue, of darkshould join, the Savior told Joseph to join none of ness and ignorance, are horrible to read but are matthem, for they were all wrong, and that in some future ters of history. time the fulness of the gospel would be made known

The world, however, was not always to be left in to him.

darkness. From the beginning the great plan of This vision was followed almost four years later by

salvation had included the restoration of the gospel the visit of a heavenly messenger, Moroni, whom the when the world was ready for it. Preparations for Lord sent to further instruct Joseph and to deliver

this longawaited event began in about the fifteenth eventually into his hands a sacred record from the century with the reformers—Martin Luther, John Hill Cumorah. Translated by the help of God, the

Wycliffe, John Huss, and others. They rebelled record was printed and became known as the Book

against the teachings and practices of the Catholic of Mormon. (Continued on page 484)

JUNE 1958 403

The Presiding

;-;-:'vT--—:-.;-t-::'—:;:::;;; -.-,..,...:-,.:;,::.,.,,;,.,:,,,.:..:,:,-:.;-;.;

Bishopric s

Page

wsmxsfstm.v,-,-,.:-..::.,,,,,.:,::-::<:::: i:

Aaronic Priesthood under 21 The chairman is the only member of the stake committee requested from the high council.

ORGANIZATION AND FUNCTIONS OF STAKE COMMITTEE Committee Members

Chosen at Large The stake committee for Aaronic Priesthood under 21 should consist of a minimum of five members. A The remaining four members of the committee

larger committee may be appointed where necessary should be chosen at large from among the Melchizebut a smaller committee is held to be inadequate and dek Priesthood bearers of the stake: They include,

does not comply with the recommendations. (1) adviser to leaders of priests, (2) adviser to leaders

of teachers, (3) adviser to leaders of deacons, (4) secMember of Stake Presidency retary.

It is not recommended that any of these four memOne member of the stake presidency, as designated bers be chosen from the high council. Experience

by the president, should be assigned responsibility has demonstrated that it is better not to appoint high for the program on behalf of the presidency. Though councilmen to the stake committee in addition to the

his presence at committee meetings is desirable, he chairman. The program needs and deserves fulltime

is not required to attend. He is not expected to visit leadership on the part of committee members. The

wards in the interest of Aaronic Priesthood but is chairman, when given a committee of qualified leaders free to make such visits whenever there is a need for who are not members of the high council and who his executive assistance. have no other Church appointments* always turns in a

better record of achievement: He needs a committee

Chairman Should be entirely under his personal leadership, which is not

Member of High Council the case when he has other high councilmen, or others with conflicting appointments, as committee

The chairman of the stake committee should be a members.

member of the high council, chosen for his ability to inspire his colleagues on the stake committee, to Program Objectives lead ward workers effectively in the program, and for Stake Committee to work with Aaronic Priesthood bearers through their leaders. Some objectives which may help stake committee

Successes or failures in the program will often be members to a greater understanding of their responsithe reflection of his leadership. The chairman is held bilities:

solidly responsible, under the stake presidency, for all matters pertaining to the work within the wards 1. Thorough knowledge of the program as detailed

and branches of the stake. in the handbook.

He should be left free of any major or conflicting 2. A deeprooted desire to see the Aaronic Priesthood

appointments which will deprive the program of his work of the Church take its rightful place in the fulltime leadership. "Government of God"upon the earth.

404 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

3. An enthusiasm for the priesthood which will comof dependability in the responsibilities of the priestpletely destroy apathy, indifference,—any feeling hood.

of defeat. 4. Better working relationships between stake and

ward committees—more cooperation through imAWARD RECORDS REACH ALLTIME HIGH

proved supervision.

5. Patience, understanding, and love exercised and By way of report, individual Aaronic Priesthood

administered as tonics, not as sedatives. award records and attendance seals have already ex-

6. Visits to wards as needed and when needed, ceeded any previous record for the same period of

whether each month or 'each week, whether by one time since the program was begun in 1944.

or more, or all, committeemen. Individual awards increased 21.73 percent this year,

7. Records and reports which bring all of the facts first quarter, over last year. Special seals for 90 perinto focus as recommended. cent, 95 percent, and 100 percent attendance at priest-

8. Dependability transforms ability into action. Let hood and Sacrament meetings increased 27.46 percent

stake committee members, through constant and over last year.

personal demonstrations, convince Aaronic PriestAttendance seals have been affixed to 61.69 percent

hood leaders and our young men of the true values of all awards issued so far this year.

STUDY GUIDE FOR WARD TEACHERS nation than the members of this Church. Not only

JULY 1958 should they acknowledge this sacred event, but they should also pay homage to the pioneers this month by

The Price of Liberty commemorating their arrival into this territory July 24, 1847. This Church could never have had its inception

During -the month of July all true American patriots under the banner of any other nation. Devotion to

will pause to acknowledge their gratitude to God for the Church means devotion to the nation.

the privilege of living in, and enjoying the protection Paradoxically, these two events parallel in original of, the greatest nation under heaven. Since July 4, intent and purpose. Both were seeking similar objec1776, America has stood as a symbol of human liberty tives; the fathers of the revolution, freedom from civil

to all the world and today this nation stands as a and economic bondage; and the pioneers, religious

formidable barrier to a power that woidd take away liberty. While it is expected that every man shall enevery vestige of democratic freedom. No people in joy freedom, it should be remembered that freedom

the world should have a deeper sense of appreciation does not consist of unrestrained indulgence in destrucfor such a noble birthright. tive, sinful practices. Freedom ends where trespass

Daniel Webster said, "God grants liberty only to begins, whether it be against God or man.

those who love it, and are always ready to guard and No power can save a nation already ripened in defend it."Nations that love liberty love God. Hisiniquity, and this applies likewise to individuals.

tory is replete with examples of nations that have for- "Righteousness exalteth a nation: but sin is a reproach

gotten God. Through the sins of their people, the to any people."(Prov. 14:34.) "Let no man break the

strength of the greatest nations has been dissipated. laws of the land, for he that keepeth the laws of God

Americans should, therefore, dedicate themselves to hath no need to break the laws of the land."(D & C

righteous living in order to preserve our heritage. 58:21.)

In speaking of the Constitution the Lord has this to Latterday Saints shoidd be the first to set the examsay: "Therefore, it is not right that any man should ple of loyal and righteous conduct that will assure the

be in bondage one to another. preservation of this nation, or any nation to which they

"And for this purpose have I established the Conowe allegiance.

stitution of this land, by the hands of wise men whom

I raised up unto this very purpose."( D & C 101: 7980.

Latterday Saints should join fellow Americans in Subject for August 1958 celebrating Independence Day. No religious body

should be more zealous in fostering loyalty to God and "Do Not Be Deceived'

JUNE 1958 i.i.,-. 405

General Conference Section

Addresses delivered at the 128th Annual General Conference,

April 4, 5, and 6, 1958.

Something poningschool to theirjoin inregularthis worship.day's work in eraling timeconferenceout to ofparticipatethe Church.in the genHIGHER hereIt isfor overthe fiftyfirst timeyears assinceone I ofstoodthe 31,817We extendconvertswelcomeof the especiallyChurch duringto the

General Authorities of the Church. I this past year. That group alone will

than SELF remember well then my trembling and constitute six stakes of five, thousand humility at facing such an audience and each. We bid you welcome and trust

accepting a position as one of the leadthat you, with all others listening in,

President David O. McKay ers. The passing of a half a century will realize the added responsibility

has made it no easier to face this vast which is yours as you assume the reaudience and to realize the responsibility sponsibility of membership in the that one holds in discharging such a Church of Christ.

to that these students May I say their responsibility. the missionas wish then This morning, to commend We

theirpresence especially inspiring and field I in soaries the stakes years, intervening and in the and during the who singing add much to the sacredness of licit your sympathy and your prayers. have been instrumental in bringing

this assembly. It is glorious to have A year has passed since we met on these added numbers to the Church of

several sing students hundred with such that In behalf of than the First such an occasion. stakes, more new Christ—six devotion. of arespirit and proud We to three thouonly Presidency not welcome, I bid you the number if we limit

them and of the university from which those who are here in the Tabernacle, sand each.

they come. We appreciate the coopera- the Assembly Hall, and other surround- "And if it so be that you should labor

tion of President Wilkinson, members ing halls, but also the vast audience lisall your days in crying repentance unto of the faculty, and the students in posttening in over radio and television. We this people, and bring, save it be one

Opening address Friday morning, April 4. are very happy indeed that you are taksoul unto me, how great shall be your

406 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a

joy with him in the kingdom of my for what injures us—that the harm that whether we are appealing to the carnal

Father!"(D & C 18:15.) each one sustains he carries about with or to the spiritual within us and within

And as you bring many souls, how him, and never is he a real sufferer but those with whom we associate. It is

much joy you will experience. We by his own fault. I think you get that a daily matter. I do not know whether

commend those who have been diligent thought, and yet the tendency of each we can get the thought over or not. And

during the past year in carrying the one is to blame somebody else, the wife it is within the power of each one, espemessage of glad tidings to so many peoblaming the husband, the husband cially members of the Church who make ple. blaming the wife, children finding fault such pretensions. You cannot imagine

I shall not take time to report the with the parents when the fault lies a real, true Christian, and especially advance in priesthood work, in auxiliary with themselves. If in the dignity of a member of the Mormon Church,

work, and other phases of the Church, manhood such a man would cease to swearing at his wife. Why, it is inbut you may feel gratified indeed with magnify his troubles; would face things conceivable that such a thing as that

the work of the past year. as they really are; recognize blessings could be in a home and especially with

It has been difficult for me to put that immediately surround him; cease children around. How can anyone juseven in outline the message that I have to entertain disparaging wishes for antify parents quarreling in front of chilhad in my heart for the people of tbe other; how much more of a man he dren! In the instance to which I have

Church and the people of the world. would be, to say nothing about being a referred the man (I should say the

There is a saying by Paul, that "to be better husband and a more worthy brute) even struck his wife. Such a

carnally minded is death; but to be father! A man who cannot control his thing should never be. That is out of

spiritually minded is life and peace."temper is not very likely to control his the life of Church members.

(Rom. 8:6.) passion, and no matter what his preChrist has asked us to develop the

Carnal relates, as you know, to the tensions in religion, he moves in daily spiritual within us.

physical. It includes sensual. But we life very close to the animal plane. Man's earthly existence is but a test

have in mind this morning the physical Religion is supposed to lift us on a as to whether he will concentrate his surroundings and our animal instincts, higher level. Religion appeals to the efforts, his mind, his soul upon things

the anger that comes to us, the unspirit in man, the real person, and yet which contribute to the comfort and pleasant words that are spoken, making how often notwithstanding our possessgratification of his physical nature or life unpleasant, rather than emphasizing ing a testimony of the truth, we yield whether he will make as his life's purthe spiritual side, the real side of our to the carnal side of our nature. The pose the acquisition of spiritual qualinature. man who quarrels in his home, banishes ties.

The text was suggested several weeks from his heart the spirit of religion. A "Every noble impulse, every unselfish

ago, particularly emphasized at that mother in this Church who would light expression of love, every brave suffering time, by a report that came to me of a cigaret in the home is yielding to for the right; every surrender of self to

unpleasantness in a home, and I the carnal side of her nature. How far something higher than self; every loyalty

wondered why we cannot emphasize below the ideal of the Church! Any to an ideal; every unselfish devotion to

spiritual attitudes in our homes instead quarreling in the home is antagonistic principle; every helpfulness to humanity;

of unpleasant attitudes; why, having to the spirituality which Christ would every act of selfcontrol; every fine courbefore us all the admonitions of the have us develop within us, and it is in age of the soul, undefeated by pretence

the Lord, all the opportunities offered by our daily life that these expressions have or policy, but by being, doing, and livthe Church, we cannot express spiritual their effect. ing of good for the very good's sake

attitudes every day of our lives. What. Man is making great progress in scithat is spirituality."

good is religion if it does not make our ence and invention, greater perhaps than The spiritual road has Christ as its daily lives better? Why need there be ever before, but is not making comparaideal—not the gratification of the physiemphasis put upon the carnal side of ble progress in character and spiritualcal, for he that will save his life, yieldour natures? True, that is the natural ity. ing to that first gratification of a

reaction for all animals. But having in I read awhile ago of a remark of seeming need, will lose his life, lose

our possession the high principles of General Omar N. Bradley, formerly his happiness, the pleasure of living at

the gospel as revealed through Christ, Army's Chief of Staff, who on one occathis present time. If he would seek the

why cannot members of the Church at sion said: "With the monstrous weapons real purpose of life, the individual must

least in the home, in school, in all their man already has, humanity is in danger live for something higher than self.

associations, emphasize the spiritual side of being trapped in this world by its He hears the Savior's voice, saying: "I

of their natures instead of the carnal moral adolescence. Our knowledge of am the way, the truth, and the life."

side? science has clearly outstripped our ca- (John 14:6.) Following that voice he

I learned through a letter of a condipacity to control it. soon learns that there is no one great

tion which I think, so far as members "We have too many men of science; thing which he can do to attain happiof the Church are concerned, is absotoo few men of God. We have grasped ness or eternal life. He learns that "life

lutely inexcusable. A husband and wife the mystery of the atom and rejected is made up not of great sacrifices or

is duties, but of little things in which quarreling—the husband demeaning the Sermon on the Mount. Man

himself to such an extent as to curse stumbling blindly through a spiritual smiles and kindness and small obligahis wife, and in a mad fit of anger overdarkness 'while toying with the pretions given habitually are what win and turning a table spread with dishes—carious secrets of life and death. preserve the heart and secure comfort."

creature in the form of a man harboring "The world has achieved brilliance Spirituality, our true aim, is the conthe nature of an animal! A man in without wisdom, power without consciousness of victory over self, and of

such a mental state that the anger itself science. Ours is a world of nuclear communion with the Infinite. Spiritualdoes him more harm than the condition giants and ethical infants. We know ity impels one to conquer difficulties

which aroused his anger, and in reality, more about war than wc know about and acquire more and more strength.

brothers and sisters, he suffers more peace, more about killing than we know To feel one's faculties unfolding, and from the vexation than he does from the about living."truth expanding in the soul, is one of

acts that aroused that vexation. Our living comes hourly and daily life's sublimest experiences.

I wonder how long it will take us to in the home, in our association in busi- "The thing a man does practically realize that in matters of temper nothness affairs, in our meeting strangers. lay to heart,"says Carlyle, "and know

ing can bring us damage but ourselves It is the attitude of the person during for certain concerning his vital relawe are responsible for what helps us and the daily contacts by which we show tions to this mysterious Universe, and

JUNE 1958 407 his duty and destiny there, that is in "Envyings... drunkenness, revellings, at birth and sails, or is rowed, for fifty,

all cases the primary thing for him, and and such like: of the which I tell you seventy, eighty, or more years. Every

creatively determines all the rest.... before, as I have also told you in time year that passes goes into an eternity,

And, I say, if you tell me what that is, past, that they which do such things never to return; yet each carries with

you tell me to a very great extent what shall not inherit the kingdom of God. it into the past no personal weakness,

the man is, what the kind of things he "But the fruit of the Spirit is love, no bodily ailment, no sorrow, no laughwill do is."joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, ter, no thought, no noble aspirations,

The man who sets his heart upon the goodness, faith, no hope, no ambition: all these with

things of the world, who does not hesi- "Meekness, temperance: against such every trait of character, every inclinatate to cheat his brother, who will lie there is no law. tion, every tendency remain with each

for gain, who will steal from his neigh- "And they that are Christ's have individual. In other words, our lives are

bor, or, who, by slander, will rob ancrucified the flesh with the affections made up of daily thoughts and actions.

other of his reputation, lives on a low, and lusts. We may resolve to let all our sorrows

animal plane of existence, and either "If we live in the Spirit, let us also and weaknesses go with the passing stifles his spirituality or permits it to walk in the Spirit,"daily, hourly. (Gal. time, but we know that every thought,

lie dormant. To be thus carnally 5:1525.) every inclination has left its indelible

minded is to be spiritually dead. It can be done, and it should be done impression upon our souls, and we shall

On the other hand, keeping in mind in every home of the Latterday Saint have to deal with it today.

our daily vocations, the man who tills Church. So live, then, that each day will find

the soil, garners his fruit, increases his With all our boasted civilization there you conscious of having wilfully made flocks and his herds, having in mind never was a time when spiritual awakno person unhappy. No one who has

making better the world in which he ening and spiritual ideals were more lived a wellspent day will have a lives, desiring to contribute to the hapneeded. Civilization has grown too sleepless night because of a stricken

piness of his family and his fellows, and complex for the human mind to visualconscience. Daniel Webster once said

who does all things for the glory of ize or to control. Unless mankind come that the greatest thought that had ever

God, will, to the extent that he denies to a speedy realization that the higher occupied his mind was the realization himself for these ideals, develop his and not the baser qualities of man must of the fact that, and I quote, "there is spirituality. Indeed, only to the extent be developed, the present status of no evil we cannot face or flee from but

that he does this will he rise above the civilization is in jeopardy. Life on the the consequences of duty disregarded.

plane of the animal world. animal plane has as its ideal the sur- A sense of obligation pursues us ever.

Years ago we read in school the folvival of the fittest, crush or be crushed, It is omnipresent like the Deity. If

lowing from Rudolph Eucken: mangle or be mangled, kill or be killed. we take to ourselves the wings of the

"I cannot,"he says, "conceive of the For man, with his intelligence, this is morning and dwell in the uttermost development of a powerful personality, a sure road to anguish and death. parts of the sea, duty performed, or

a deeprooted, profound mind, of a About fifty years ago, Lord Balfour, duty violated is still with us, for our character rising above this world, withPrime Minister of Great Britain, dehappiness or our misery. If we say

out his having experienced a divinity livered a lecture in the McEwen Hall of that night shall cover us, in the darkin life above, beyond the world of sensithe University of Edinburgh on the subness as in the light, our obligations ble reality, and as surely as we create ject, "The Moral Values Which Unite are yet with us. We cannot escape

in ourselves a life in contrast to pure the Nations."In an interesting and their power nor fly from their presence.

nature, growing by degrees and extendconvincing manner, the gentleman preThey are with us in this life, will be ing to the heights of the true, the good, sented four fundamental ties that unite with us at its close, and in that scene of and the beautiful, we may have the the different nations of the world: (1) inconceivable solemnity which lies yet

same assurance of that religion called "Common Knowledge"; (2) "Common farther on, we shall find ourselves foluniversal."Commercial Interests"; (3) "The Interlowed by the consciousness of duty—to

Paul, you will remember, expresses it course of Diplomatic Relationship"; pain us forever if it has been violated,

more specifically: (4) "The Bonds of Human Friendship."and to console us so far as God has

"But if ye bite and devour one anThe audience greeted his masterful adgiven us grace to perform it. Weighed

other, take heed that ye be not condress with a great outburst of applause. against conscience the world itself is

sumed one of another. As the presiding officer arose to exbut a bubble. For God himself is in

"This I say then, Walk in the Spirit, press his appreciation and that of the conscience lending it authority."

and ye shall not fulfil the lust of the audience, a Japanese student who was Mankind needs a spiritual awakening, flesh. doing graduate work at the University brethren and sisters; the carnal minded

"For the flesh lusteth against the stood up, and leaning over the balcony, are causing heartaches and threatening

Spirit, and the Spirit against the flesh: said, "But, Mr. Balfour, what about the extinction of the race.

and these are contrary the one to the Jesus Christ?"But the sun of hope is rising. Thinkother: so that ye cannot do the things Mr. Robin E. Spear, to whom Proing men and women are recognizing

that ye would. fessor Lang related this incident, writes: the need of man's looking up towards

"But if ye be led of the Spirit, ye are "One could have heard a pin drop the heavens instead of groveling in renot under the law. in the hall. Everyone felt at once the sponse to the animal instinct. One

. "Now the works of the flesh,"he says, justice of the rebuke. The leading man, commenting upon this, said that

"are manifest, which are these; Adulstatesman of the greatest Christian emif all the destroyers of civilization could

tery...."pire in the world had been dealing with be eliminated, and the traits of the

The young man who leaves his home the different ties that are to unite manrest of us that come from destructive at night having in mind anything that kind, and had omitted the one fundastrains could be eliminated, an approach would injure either the character or the mental and essential bond. And everyto the millennium some hundred years

life or the reputation of a young woman one felt, too, the dramatic element in hence is by no means inconceivable.

with whose company he is entrusted, the situation—that the reminder of his "Can you imagine,"he continues,

is carnalminded instead of spiritualforgetfulness had come from a Japanese "what this country would be like if minded. student from a faraway nonChristian ten or twenty billion dollars a year"

"... fornication, uncleanness,... land."(that is the amount expended to take

"... hatred, variance, emulations... Life, brethren and sisters, is an evercare of our criminals) "were added to

strife, seditions.... flowing river on which one embarks our national income? That would

408 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA mean five hundred dollars, or one thou- (someday it will have to happen) "... about good things and then go home

sand dollars per family; but the average and yet if all the destroyers of civilizaand express our feelings, the feelings of

today, even if we include Henry Ford, tion could be eliminated, and if the our carnal nature.

is only twentyfive hundred, or three traits of the rest of us that come from My faith in the ultimate triumph of thousand dollars. What would happen destructive strains could be eliminated, the gospel of Jesus Christ assures me

if that sum were increased by twenty an approach to such a state some hunthat a spiritual awakening must come.

or even forty percent all around? Even dred years hence is by no means inIt will come through the acceptance of

if you cannot imagine the result, do conceivable."Jesus Christ and obedience to his gospel

you realize what it would be like to Spiritual awakening in the hearts of and in no other way completely. I befeel no need of locking doors and winmillions of men and women would bring lieve there never was a time in the hisdows, no fear of leaving your car unabout a changed world. I am hopetory of the world when there was such

protected, no danger that your wife or ful, my brethren and sisters, that the a need for a united, determined stand daughter would be insulted, or you dawning of that day is not far distant. to uphold Christ and the restoration of

yourself sandbagged if you went out at I am conscious, as I hope all of you the gospel through the Prophet Joseph night, no fear that you would have any are, that the responsibility to try to Smith as there is today.

uncollectable bills except through accibring about such a day rests upon the God bless you here assembled that dent or unpreventable misfortune, no priesthood of the Church of Jesus Christ we may sense as never before the effifear that in political election there and upon the membership and upon cacy of the restored gospel and that we would be any bribery, or in politics any husbands and wives and upon children hold as a duty our application of spiritgraft, and no fear that anyone anywhere in Mormon homes. ual traits in our daily association with

was trying to 'do you'—can you imagine May that message be felt throughout one another in home, in business, in soall that? It would almost be heaven the conference that we are now holding. ciety, I pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

on earth. Of course, it cannot happen"We cannot just come and meet and talk Amen.

the nitySaviorweandall tohavegiveto topayhimhomageour thanksto our mayand certainlynot provenotto offensive,be too provocative,to our sisters to other for the and giving veneration incomand may who women FATHER lift listen. I full aclife gift with of eternal parable which he my text,

article appearof some and the ourselvesbrought toon allthis mankind.day that weWeare chargedremind knowledgment,ing in This Weekfrom Magazinean

with the transcendent responsibility of months ago, and recently reprinted in HOME building and maintaining his kingdom the Reader's Digest, written by Judge in the earth. It is in the hope that I Samuel S. Leibowitz, senior judge of

Stephen L Richards of the First may add a word of contribution to that Brooklyn's highest criminal court. The

Presidency greatest of all causes that I bring to you article is entitled: "Nine Words That

a somewhat practical suggestion on this Can Stop Juvenile Delinquency,"and sacred day. Termites are permeating the nine words used by the Judge are

sisters dear brethren and and My at these: Father the Back the Head "Put foundation kingdom—the offriends listening to the proceedings of of the Family."the demore homes people—evenof the

I to conference, extendour all of you It of audience is likely that our elusive those structive semithan and many my warmest greetings and my sincere microscopic little animals that break have read this challenging article, and and earnest solicitude for your happidown our walls. Corrective measures there is no time at my disposal to do

ness and wellbeing. I rejoice with you are imperative. more than to set before you a few staon this Easter Sunday in the opportu- I have chosen to make some comtistical items and a few conclusions

Address delivered Sunday morning, April 6. ment on a theme which I earnestly hope drawn by this eminent judge who has

JUNE 1958 409 spent 21 years of his life as a criminal of the Lord whence their spirits origiprays, she pleads—sometimes seemingly

lawyer and 16 years as a judge in the nally came. In this greatest of all enterin vain.

criminal court, with long years of study prises the man and the woman are You husbands of the priesthood who and observation on causes of teenage partners—cosigners, if you will, of the have been neglectful of your covenants,

crime. He went to Europe and disenduring compact which binds them I plead with you, in behalf of sorrowcovered from official reports that the together. ing wives and families, to relieve the

percentage of crimes committed in each In this eternal compact, however, pain you are causing those who love of the following countries by offenders there is a feature which may not be you, to regain manhood and strength 18 years of age or under was as follows: understood by many thousands of men and be worthy to assume in righteousIn Italy: 2 percent of sex crimes, and and women who enter into Christian ness the leadership of your families.

y2 of 1 percent of homicides. marriage. It is the element of priestThey want to respect you. They will

In France: 7 percent of sex crimes, hood. Two things have been revealed if you will let them.

with 8 percent of homicides. about priesthood and marriage which I think I have spoken for the great

In Belgium: 12 percent of sex crimes, are of most vital importance. First, that majority of our wives and mothers.

with 1 percent of homicides. no marriage which is to endure forever, There may be, however, a few who are

In Germany: 15 percent of sex crimes, so that in essence a home may be pronot helping as much as they may do in

with 2 percent of homicides. jected into eternity, may be established the maintenance and reestablishment

In Britain: 16 percent of sex crimes, without the authorization and sanction of respect for proper authority and

and 1 percent of homicides. of divinely appointed priesthood. And leadership in the home. We have many

And—here is the tragedy—in the secondly, that no marriage is eligible brilliant women. I have admiration

United States 35 percent of all sex crimes for the solemnization of divinely apfor their superior accomplishments.

are committed by offenders under 18, pointed priesthood without the man They are continually becoming more and 12 percent of all murders are comparty to the compact having first reinfluential in all aspects of life and mitted by offenders under 18. Teenage ceived the endowment of the Holy living, and I have no doubt but that

offenders in the United States exPriesthood himself. their contributions will be of lasting

ceeded those of other countries reported, We call the ordinance of marriage value. If any of these brilliant women

ranging from 1800 percent to 100 perwhen performed not only for time but is a mother, I give it as my firm belief cent. she judge be in reached mathowever potent the conclusion The may for all eternity sealing a of that sealing—athat there ters extraneous to the she be has home, must factor no some principal to a good of the woman a good man

in this great disparity so unfavorable priesthood, with the express understandhigher, loftier, and more divinely given to our own country, and he discovered, ing and covenant that the priesthood of calling and obligation than to be the as perhaps might well have been asthe man, if he shall be faithful and live right kind of wife and mother in her sumed, that the primary reason for the worthy to enjoy it, shall be the supreme home. And however superior her atreduced percentages of juvenile deauthority of the household, and no good tainments may be, she owes a duty to

linquency in the European countries was woman of our faith begrudges her her husband, to respect him as head of respect for authority, and that the prinworthy husband of the priesthood the the family and adequately teach her cipal contribution to that respect, which respect which goes with his high calling. children to do likewise.

might not have been so readily assumed, She knows that to build him up in the The judge to whom I referred says:

was respect for authority in the home, esteem of their children, and thus make "If mothers would understand that which, as he points out, normally rehim conscious of the responsibility of much of their importance lies in buildposes in the father as head of the famleadership is the surest safeguard she ing up the father image for the child, ily. can bring to her family in a world of they would achieve the deep satisfacThese conclusions reached by this temptation. The women of the Church tion of children who turn out well....

judicial investigator I believe would rejoice in the priesthood of their husAnd no mother would ever have to seem more sensational and surprising to bands. They know that that priesthood stand before me with tears in her eyes

people outside of the Church to which is not expressed in autocratic or unrightand ask, 'What did I do that was wrong, that dominion. have it is Judge? the honor to eous They to belongwe know than 93 33 What did I do that was

exercisedour given a divinely power to be For generations own members. we

as a Church have been endeavoring to only in longsuffering and patience, It seems indelicate in an address of do just what the judge advocates—to kindness and mercy, "reproving betimes this character even to use the expresput and keep Father at the head of the with sharpness, when moved upon by sion, "nagging wives."If I did not refamily, and with all our might we have the Holy Ghost; and then showing forth gard the matter pertinent to the subject

been trying to make him fit for that afterwards an increase of love toward I am discussing, I would not mention high and heavy responsibility. him"who hast been reproved. (D & C it. I feel that women who may be said

May I take a few minutes to give you 121:43.) They know that that priestto be in this category cannot be fully

our concept of home, fatherhood, and hood has true virtue within it—the conscious, whatever their provocation

motherhood? Nothing occupies a more power to bless, the power to heal, the may be, of the damage they do to the

unique and distinctive and important power to counsel, to make peace and morale of a home. I give to women

position in our theology and understandharmony prevail. generally the credit for being longing of God's purposes for his children. Perhaps the saddest of all our women suffering and patient, and I think that

We define a home as being a divinely are they who see their husbands fall in the foreseeable future they will still appointed institution established on the away from that priesthood with which be called upon for great toleration, but enduring compact of a good man and they have been endowed. They are the I hope they will still be able to show

a good woman, wherein spiritual chilwives who are filled with anxiety for kindness and patience to those who may dren of our Eternal Father are perthe future of themselves and their famiannoy them. I think that parental dismitted to receive mortal bodies endowed lies. In the true companionship of a putes before the children are one of the

with eternal intelligence, these children husband of the priesthood a good woman most regrettable and lamentable of all so received in the home to be nurtured may pass through any trouble and have aspects of domestic relations. They are

in health and so guided in the ways of comfort, resignation, and peace. But responsible for more disruption of doliving by loving and wise parents that if her husband 'fails her and fails his mestic tranquility and inimical effects

they may be conditioned on completion holy calling, it is hard indeed for conon children than almost any other ocof their lives to return to the presence solation to come to her. She grieves, she currences in family life. I suppose

410 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THPMENT ERA

inevitably parents will have some differforth the principle that students of may give to the growing child teachings ences. For the sake of everybody conjuvenile delinquency seem agreed upon concerning good and evil, but who like

cerned let them be settled privately, and the fact that the child, to be safe for the father of the family can teach the of course they can be settled privately society and his home, must have depower of the Adversary and the resistif a spirit of tolerance and a recognition pendable standards to live by. There ance necessary to be built up to resist

of responsibility prevail. I think that must be clear recognition between right his seductive temptations to the chil-

"nagging wives"cannot nag their husand wrong, and there must be sound, dren for whom he is responsible? Who

bands into doing anything that is worthwise, and kindly discipline. In the can demonstrate to the child by the

while. Nagging is futile in the main, midst of the somewhat confusing power of example the virtues and the

and disruptive of any spirit of harmony theories advanced by the sociologists standards of righteousness as can this and peace. In homes where the priestand criminologists, it seems to me we head of the family?

hood presides rebellion and devotion cannot be going far afield by endeavorTo all who believe that order is the will not thrive together. ing to furnish to youth criteria for the law of heaven and that the kingdom of

of principles on the God is established lives. of their sisters are no There brethren and guidance and Now, my

questions: these righteousness, I submit exceptdependable this of putting Fatherfriends, idea criteria which seem back

acceptwithout order maintained be Can have been tried only not those which of the just a ing family isat the head

Is discipline? without ance and of law principles It of wanting, phrase. not found conforms catchy andnovel and

to the revelations of the Lord, as I think righteousness and truth, coming to us discipline possible without recognition institutions of In authority? human I it see sources. divine cannot from advocated howthe judge have must who

it is of not the government men and feel in intelligent parent can chapter In Ephesians, any muchwell 5, known.

perin vested authority essential be that in uncertainty of hazard and read: the 25,verses 22 through way we

is personality the sonalities? Where to recoghis child brought yourselves having unto up your "Wives, submit

perfectly and nature by endowed more traditionally divinely approved nize Lord. the as the husbands, untoown exerreceive to divine and ordinance of is principles conduct. virtues of the and the the head "For husband his cise in authority household own of is of rath- a read of youth Yesterday aswife, the head Christ even we of father that household? the than

is social gratifying a er standing of high saviour the thethe church: he and for greater con- a hope can we Where in kill, resulted the to passion whichbody. of the order to the to tribution come

girl. will of a Tomorrow we murder of our the from than kingdom homes

case, or the next of another such read tribute greater land? we may What

thereafter. Certainly or shortly day, Easter Savior beloved on this to our pay

there is something lacking in the trainday than to rededicate ourselves to the ing for life of such perverts. I noted maintenance of a righteous discipline in

with satisfaction the observations of J. his kingdom, and in all the worthy inEdgar Hoover in the paper night before stitutions which have been set up in the

last on that same subject. societies of men? Can you think of a

The other day Billy Graham wrote an greater kindness to youth than to prearticle for the same magazine from pare them in love and firmness to be which I have quoted, under the capworthy of the love of God and the etertion, "Why I Believe in the Devil."He nal blessings which he holds out to all

gave three reasons. First, because the who obey?

Bible plainly says he exists. Second, So, my friends, I have no hesitancy,

"because I see his work everywhere."no feeling of dubiety and uncertainty in

Third, because great scholars have advocating the adoption in your homes "Therefore as the church is subject recognized his existence. of this salutary promising idea to bring

unto Christ, so let the wives be to their The first reason is enough for me. Father back as the head of the family.

own husbands in every thing. The Lord has revealed the existence of I have no words to express my admira-

"Flusbands, love your wives, even as Satan and his place and function in the tion and deepseated regard for the

Christ also loved the church, and gave eternal plan of life and salvation. Billy mothers in our homes, and I am fully

himself for it."Graham apparently did not know what aware that their loving, patient care

Scripture given in modern times also modern scripture contained in the Book shall always be a major factor in the lends support to this fundamental docof Mormon and our Doctrine and Covedevelopment of good and virtuous men trine. When properly interpreted and nants reveals on this subject, or he and women. Because of their intense

applied I do not see how good women would have quoted it, or at least I hope love of home and family I believe they should take exception to it. No woman he would. Here is a quotation: will the more readily respond to the idea

can be a good mother without desiring I am advancing. I know that they will

the goodness and wellbeing of her It must needs be that the devil should welcome anything that is right to guard of could they or children men, the tempt If of children. the establishment headagainst everincreasing that calamity an

if for they themselves; agents unto not be in their to life, contributes ship the family shakes very national our not only could bitter not thev should have never

as subject welfare, the learning the for generations present on that but may 29:39.) sweet. the (D & C know

its indicate, to for she other do ages to course seems can shape come. how

than strive to establish respect and reThis and other illuminating scripGod bless the homes of our own land gard for her husband? I admit that tures indicate that man could not have and of all the whole world. God bless

some husbands and fathers have made had his free agency to develop strength the children that they may come to it difficult for respect to be maintained of character, resistance to evil, and go on know truth and righteousness and adopt for them, but to abandon the principle to perfection except he be subjected to all that is good in their lives. God bless

and thus remove from fathers the rethe power and the influence of Satan, the mothers for the love they bring into sponsibility of maintaining virtue and the father of evil. Some sophisticated our homes, and God bless the fathers

goodness among their children would people ridicule the idea of such a perthat they may be worthy to take their certainly avail nothing. sonage of power, but that does not disappointed places as heads of the houseIt is needless to say that if a father pense with the revealed account of his holds over which they may preside in

is to be respected as the head of the actuality and the record of his accomgentleness, love, dignity, and honor, I household he must be an exemplar. plishments. humbly pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

The article to which I have referred sets Sunday School teachers and others.Amen.

JUNE 1958 411 arrange to betray the Master. That was The Sanhedrin

a great Supper. There were great sermons preached by the Master. From Caiaphas he was sent to the

Sanhedrin, later on in the morning (it

The Mount of Olives was now early morning), and the Sanhedrin passed what apparently was a

When they had finished they went formal judgment that he was to be out to the Mount of Olives, where he crucified.

preached again, and then a little later they retired to the Garden, and the Before Pilate

Savior, taking Peter, James, and John, left the rest of the Disciples and went As the Jews could not impose the a little farther on. death penalty, from the Sanhedrin hethe WAY was taken to Pilate, against whom

The Garden of Gethsemane Christendom has for nearly two thouthe TRUTH and sand years vented its dislike, and yet,

Then the Savior left them and went as I read the record, Pilate did practicalthe LIGHT still farther on, and asked them to wait ly all that the law under which he and watch while he was gone. He operated as stated in the Gospels, perwent, and the burden of his prayer mitted him to do. Pilate came back to

if it be five at least occasions possible, let the "O multitude on my Father,/. Reuben Clark, Jr., of the First was:

... nevertheless pass from me: this cup release secure the sought to and

Presidency not my will, but thine, be done."Jesus. At first he returned merely sayof

He returned and found his three ing, "I find no fault in this man."And

My brothers and sisters, here present, Disciples sleeping. Reproving them the multitude renewed their demand

those on the air, and our friends who gently, he went away again, and gave for his crucifixion.

may be listening: It is with a deep sense the same prayer. He knew what was

of the responsibility which rests upon ahead of him. He knew the end was To Herod

me by virtue of my position that I stand near. He returned to find the three

before you this morning and with a Disciples sleeping again. Again a slight Then Pilate sent him to Herod, and

prayer in my heart that the Lord will reproval, and the third time he went, Herod sent him back, and Pilate began bless me and help me to say something the third time he prayed, and then came again the examination of Jesus. This

that will be useful and upbuilding to back and, finding them again asleep, time, and from then until the end, he you. And to that end may I ask that said: "Sleep on now, and take your rest: pleaded that they take Barabbas and

you be good enough to mingle your behold, the hour is at hand."release Jesus. Three times at least this

prayers with mine that we may accomwas done and each time they said, "Replish this purpose. The Arrest lease unto us Barabbas"—it was their

For many years I have tried at this right, apparently, to demand the release particular season of the year to have in And shortly after that, Judas returned of one man on this occasion—... "Crumind some of the essentials of that great, with the crowd that was to arrest the cify him,"Jesus.

last three days of the Savior's mortality. Savior and did arrest him. When they

I have tried to run over in my mind came up, Peter drew his sword and Pilate's Wife some of the chief events, the death, the struck off the ear of Malchus, the servcrucifixion, and the resurrection of him ant of the high priest. The Savior reDuring this latter examination it was

who has given us the plan by which stored it and then gave utterance to that that Pilate's wife sent to him a letter we may come back into our Heavenly great principle: "... they that take the beseeching him not to do anything to

Father's presence. With your permissword shall perish with the sword."this man. The result of one of the

sion, I should like to run over this aclatest examinations was that Pilate took count, as briefly as may be, because it The Trial a basin and washed his hands and said, is the crucial incident in the life of the "I am innocent of the blood of this just world. He was arrested. He was taken first, person: see ye to it"; and the multitude

in what they say was an illegal examcried, "His blood be on us, and on our

The Last Supper ination, to Annas, the real high priest, children."It is my faith that this has

the fatherin-law of Caiaphas, the titubeen so for nearly two thousand years.

I shall adopt that time we now celelar high priest, who had been installed brate in commemoration thereof which by the Roman Government. From The Crucifixion

is usually accepted by Christendom, and Annas he went to Caiaphas, and it was therefore I will go forward beginning on Caiaphas who, in an agony of fear and Then Jesus was turned over to be

Thursday night, the night of the Last apprehension, said, "I adjure thee by crucified. He was scourged, had a

Supper in the Upper Chamber, begun the living God, that thou tell us whether wreath of thorns placed on his head. He

by an unseemly controversy as to precethou be the Christ, the Son of God."was stripped of the royal trappings they

dence and signalized by the institution And the Savior said to him, "Thou hast had mockingly placed upon him; reof the Sacrament, which occurred, I feel, said: nevertheless I say unto you, Hereclothed in his own raiment; then

after Judas had left the Chamber to after shall ye see the Son of man sitting started for the place of crucifixion.

Address delivered Saturday morning, April 5. on the right hand of power."They picked up Simon, a Cyrenian, and

412 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA forced him to carry the cross. When over in Palestine, the Savior made that during the first three hours of violent

they came to the place of crucifixion, outcry of almost human desperation, storm and earthquakes; he told of his

they, of course, made the necessary "My God, my God, why hast thou forown mission and gave them hope. On

preparation. saken me?"this continent they could feel the darkIt is said that this crucifixion was A little later, he said, "I thirst,"and ness, it was so dense. They could light

perhaps the crudest way of taking huthose in attendance gave him the sponge no fires.

man life that was practised by the saturated with vinegar, which he drank. That was today, Saturday.

Romans. A hole was dug as you dig a A little later, he cried out, "It is finposthole. The cross was laid down, and ished,"apparently meaning that his The Resurrection

the Savior was laid upon it and nailed earthly work was done. He had gone

with his hands and his feet. Two through his life. He had made the Tomorrow morning, Sunday, while

thieves were likewise crucified, and they sacrifice. it is still dark, there will be an earthwere put one on each side. Finally, just before his death, he cried quake, for an angel of the Lord will

out, "Father, into thy hands I comcome down and roll back the stone that

First Words on the Cross mend my spirit."closed the sepulchre.

Thus he became the true sacrifice for While it is still dark, Mary MagdaAs apparently they raised the cross to the Fall, ordained from the beginning lene will be coming, and finding the let it slip down with a thud into the of the world and before. sepulchre open, will rush back to Peter

hole that had been dug, the Savior cried and John and tell them that the sepulout, "Father, forgive them; for they The Burial chre is vacant. They will run, John

know not what they do."It is said outrunning Peter, to the sepulchre, look

that this dropping of the cross into the I will not touch upon his burial in and find it vacant.

hole was the most painful part of the further than to say that Joseph of Meanwhile Mary will have come and entire crucifixion. Modern revisionists Arimathaea had nearby a newly hewn the Savior will appear to her, a rehave cast doubt on the verity of this dirock sepulchre, to which he and Nicopentant and forgiven sinner, a woman,

for forgiveness love invocationvine and of took the body demus resurrection. the first of the witness Jesus—Joseph

attested as well yet it seems as a followerand recognized by was will will try to she remember, of the You ancient manuscripts and sources as any Savior; Nicodemus would have been, if touch him and he will say to her,

of Jesus'divine utterances. he had had the courage, as was so "Touch me not; for I am not yet

beautifully told yesterday by Elder Kimascended to my Father."

Second Words on the Cross ball. It is interesting to remember that Shortly after, the women from Galilee

the day that he was buried was the day will come, expecting to go in, the SabOf the thieves, one began to upbraid fixed under the Mosaic law for the bath now being past, and prepare the him and the other to plead for mercy, gathering of the first sheaf of the body finally for burial. There will be

and it was then that what was called harvest, and as some commentators have two angels in the sepulchre, and they the second outcry from the cross ocnoted, that while the women who were will say to them: "Why seek ye the

curred, Jesus saying to the one who seated near the sepulchre returned, sorliving among the dead?... Ye seek

spoke kindly, "To day shalt thou be rowful, to their homes in the darkness, Jesus of Nazareth, which was crucified:

with me in paradise."for their light had gone out, another he is risen; he is not here... go quickgroup from across the Kedron returned ly, and tell his disciples."

Third Words on the Cross joyously, carrying the sheaf, the first And so there will thus be worked out sheaf of the harvest. in the morning, the atoning sacrifice,

As the Savior looked down into the That was Friday, yesterday. predicted, provided for, before the founmultitude before him, he saw his mother dations of the earth were laid.

and John, and "he saith unto his The Placing of the Guard thy behold son! Thenmother, Woman,

disciple, to the Beholdsaith be thy This morning, Saturday, the chief Salvation, Not Condemnation mother!"priests and the Pharisees went to Pilate I have been interested in reading why

Darkness Falls and petitioned, saying, "We remember the Savior himself said he came here.

that that deceiver said, while he was yet In that first great sermon of which

It would seem that at about this time, alive, After three days I will rise again. Brother Kimball spoke to us yesterday,

which was midday, or the sixth hour, Command therefore that the sepulchre the Savior said to Nicodemus:

darkness fell over the land of Palestine. be made sure until the third day, lest "For God sent not his Son into the

It is not quite clear,.according to some his disciples come by night, and steal world to condemn the world; but that

scholars, whether the darkness lasted him away, and say unto the people, He the world through him might be saved."

in Palestine all the rest of the time of is risen from the dead: so the last error When Pilate was questioning the

the crucifixion, but apparently it did shall be worse than the first. Pilate said Savior about his Kingship, the Savior

not. unto them, Ye have a watch: go your said: "Thou sayest that I am a king. To

way, make it as sure as ye can."this end was I born, and for this cause

Darkness in America That was this morning. came I into the world, that I should

truth."bear the witness unto

there, not only darkness the came But said: this continent he on them in To Voice America

it this continent, the also and on came the unto world "Behold, I have come this seems continent, whichdarkness on to the bring world, to unto redemption darkness there on was Meanwhile, falling the coincident withto have been sin."save the world from darkness the continent, this having for three lasted there,of darkness the

I that thought about have I know, said, three You cleared, about as have lasted in Palestinedays. darkness The

bit. to the not a Palestine. condemn came in before o'clock He the day for hours. threeonly

it, to to save you, to world, save but this continent, voice a on There was told are save us there has me. declared: land, all many over the He which Sixth,Fourth, Fifth, and Seventh Words heard

is told there us I has of mansions. no the Christ Son He "Behold, Jesus am Cross the from told space a has without kingdom. calamities that of the told He God."He

Apparently when the darkness was had befallen them of this continent us that there are kingdoms with glory

JUNE 1958 413 and kingdoms without glory. He has receive the full reward that it is possible was it? And then the Savior uttered

made a place for all of us, no matter to bestow under the rules and laws those great words: "I am the way, the

who we are, where we are, how or when governing, and having in mind justice. truth, and the life: no man cometh unto

we lived. And I have the further feeling that for the Father, but by me."

every ill thing we do there will be imOver and over again in his ministry,

The Final Judgment posed upon us the least penalty that he proclaimed those principles. He is

may properly be bestowed, having in the way, he is the life, he is the truth,

I have a feeling, my brothers and mind the principles involved,-r-eternal he is the light. That is the message

sisters, that when the time comes for justice seasoned by mercy and love. which comes to us, and may God give

passing judgment, that great principle In the Passover Chamber, the Savior to each of us the power to follow him, not to condemn the world, but to save had said they could not go where he to live in his light, tread his way, obit, will be fully operative and that for was going, but they knew where it was. serve his truths, I humbly pray, in the

every good deed we have done, we shall Thomas said he did not know. Where name of Jesus, his Son. Amen.

So I appeal to you, my dear brethren linquished his claim upon any of the and sisters, husbands and wives, fathers children that have been entrusted to our and mothers, to take advantage of every care.

opportunity the Church affords to have So I make this appeal because the your children trained in the various tendency in this country today, as you organizations provided for them by the all know who read the papers, is towards revelations of the Lord: the Primary, nuclear energy, traveling to the moon,

the Sunday School, the Mutual Imgetting off the earth, and going someprovement organizations, and the quowhere else. But people have forgotten

rums of the Lesser Priesthood under the God. We cannot afford to do that.

direction of our bishoprics. Let us as members of the Church,

I hope that you are teaching your no matter what else we may think about

Entrusted children in your homes to pray. I hope space travel, keep our feet on the

that you are having family prayers, ground, spiritually and in the home.

to our care morning and evening, that your chilOne thing, too, that I would like to people, when to begin...the YOUTH of preceptdren areto taughtobserve bytheexamplecommandmentsand by theycall attentionmarry, areto—youngnot satisfied

ISRAEL meanthat areso somuchpreciousto ourandsalvationso sacredin andthe withto receivea littlejustandabouthumbly,as muchbut theyas wanttheir kingdom of God. parents have at the time they, the chilThe Lord said in a revelation given dren, get married. They must have an

to the Church in 1831: automobile; they have to have a teleJoseph Fielding Smith, President vision set, a radio, all kinds of conof the Council of the Twelve childrenAnd again,in Zion,inasmuchor in anyas parentsof her stakeshave veniences,are very helpful.many of Butwhich,they ofwantcourse,to

that organized, are teach them which not start convenience every under out with to of repentance, the doctrine understand

I comfortable. to the sun them make in of living faith Christ the the God, Son if I I will remarks, address may my I is this they think a mistake. think gift of the the of baptism Holy and and fathers inspiration, to the right thehave their putting begin should humbly, of the laying the hands, Ghost by on when

of of Jesus the mothers Churchand little faith in the Lord, building a here old, sin eight the the years be heads upon

Christ of Latterday Saints, likewise to of the parents. and there a little as they can, accumuthose who are engaged in the organizaFor this shall be a law unto the inlating piecemeal, until they can reach

tions of the Church looking after the habitants of Zion, or in any of her stakes a position of prosperity such as they youth of Israel. which are organized. (D & C 68:2526.) wish to have.

I in the read ago few months Some this condition everyof wanting Now

I think I could equal with add And of crimes the commajority thatpaper great leads to this trouble: thing Both

in of in truth branch the Church any States in were the committed United father the the find employand mother place outside mission or other any any ages. of teen thosemitted were by who are that children ment. That means

reof of Zion. stakes the Lord The I to think shock and a wasThat to me left streets to either or the somerun

I this at quires hands. reminded our am others, of thousandsthousands many to in of called care to take be has body

in dis- a of that statement a was made it this to be for land, seemedthroughout of in parents, the the absence them

President course one by Brigham Young only trend a bodedso unusual and is it generally, that opinion and my

I able to cornot quote time which am this forevil been country. have thatWe left to children these are the wander

it is rectly, this: of substance the but city, this introubled and our even own streets, mischief, into get to they and

all parts of the existed introuble has that attention the not proper do have is this wife. these say say You You my detheland, vandalism, wanton with to to be given ought by the mother them all children. are depends upon That my crimes property, ofstruction by children in the home. of the keeping your God. commandments

and teenagers, which show a tendency Now, let us try humbly to keep our that will lead only to serious trouble That is the substance of it. In other families intact, to keep them under the

within the borders of our country in words, the Lord can take away from influence of the Spirit of the Lord, years to come. you tbis wife. He can take away from trained in the principles of the gospel

Address delivered Friday afternoon, April 4. you these children. He has not rethat they may grow up in righteousness

414 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and truth. I think the Lord requires pinching a little in order to keep going dren in every way you can to grow up

that at our hands. He has said, as I in the home. with a knowledge of the gospel of Jesus

have read to you here, that he will hold Again, we have throughout the Christ. Teach them to pray. Teach

the parents responsible for the acts of Church, wherever it is possible for us them to observe the Word of Wisdom, the children and they are given unto us to have this opportunity, seminaries and to walk faithfully and humbly before that we might train them in the ways institutes which our children who are the Lord so that when they grow up of life, eternal life, that they might old enough to go to the public schools to manhood and womanhood they can come back again into the presence of or even to the colleges may attend. thank you for what you have done for

God, their Father. Brethren and sisters, send your children them and look back over their lives with

Now, some may think I am a little to these seminaries. Those who are gograteful hearts and with love for their

extreme but I think that the training of ing to college will be old enough, if parents for the manner in which those the children, the watching care over the they have the proper training in their parents cared for them and trained them children in the home by the mother, is youth, to attend the institutes of the in the gospel of Jesus Christ.

worth far more than to have her seek Church. They are old enough to take And so I pray in the name of Jesus

employment, even if it is a matter of care of themselves. But help your chilChrist. Amen.

Friday Morning session, the sound of my voice who doesn't eat thou walkest by the way, and when thou liest risest up. thou down, and when vines plant. did not from he whichApril 4, 1958

for sign shalt a bind thou them And said the to the something Lord Then as shall thine be they hand, and upon is particularly that appropriate Hebrews 6:5-8.) eyes. frontlets (Deut. thine between

to us. He said, "But when thou hast

eaten and are full, beware lest thou for- I suppose that a modern adaptation ibid., the Lord, thy God."(See this 6:11of that idea be one wouldLest we get12.) to of some you husbands. Whenis familiar

is a stimulating derived There power wife has you wanted some to remember FORGET from remembering our blessings and particular thing, she may have tiedyoura source the come. they from which finger, string Nared with your on a bow

tions, in like individuals, the past have so that top matter on the no where you

Sterling W. Sill fallen when they have forgotten God. went, or what you were doing, you

greatest the danger facing string conscious of the be always wouldAssistant to the Council of the Twelve Certainly

America as this important milewe pass of finger the be reminded on your and is in stone history, inferior our not particular to thing done. be need We

it is in- a lagging armaments, not and to of adaptations our make some own it is dustrial production, not an and Since the this of idea to us help remember God fact, inadequate supply. In food it hashas been requires my privilege,last generalin companyconferencewithit hands. at our and what he

said that been our national problem SisterPresident A. Smith, it. and Henry lives eternal depend is Our upon

surplus; disease national our is overStates Atlantic Central Misto tour the Kipling once might wrote be what

sion. Our travels took us to Jamestown, weight; our national sin is forgetfulness. called a phylactery prayer, entitled, "The

Virginia, where during this past year And the greatest need of our lives is Recessional,"in which he repeated over some $25,000,000 has been spent to to remember the source of our blessings. and over this important phrase,

commemorate the 350th anniversary of To help ancient Israel remember, the the establishment of the first English Lord instituted among them the custom "Lord God of hosts, be with us yet, settlement in America. During this 350 of wearing phylacteries. That is, they Lest we forget, lest we forget."

to write required the out were immostyears, this there built has been upon is, are certain there things that That of passages scripture portant their upon greatest nation,continent the having if lives are to our must we remember pieces of then bind parchment and them of living,the highest standard ever is successful. of that be these man's One their across their foreheads between and I in the world. thought haveknown is greatest for for need that God. And eyes their wrists and and upon around times, a investwonderful whatmany reason relationship with our made God their so that necks, matter no where if it this be $25,000,000 wouldment first of the subject the the him and or they doing, were, they what were to us source thecould help understand all of greatest the commandments. And these passages their in always be wouldof blessings our might and what do we if retain national our would we and sight, in their consequently andto preserve them. blessings, individual our should we thoughts.

I at of stood thinking Jamestown As of a the every year make day Memorial is of these passages phylactery One living of inthe advantages wonderful us Day. help understand, to and To

in sixth of recorded the chapter Deuterthis of opportunity, land freedom and in help us the remember, our Lord day the onomy, wherein pointed out Lord to compari- a back went mind makemy great given of three us has volumes new their saying: need by esbeing the ancient withson Hebrews scripture. particularof these has One

land. in theirtablished Before promised to land those do with our and who

shalt love the thou Lord thy And the crossed tothey Jordan, God said us. this God havely occupied it before In

all heart, soul, thine with with all thy andthem, great scripture, of American volume we all with might. thy and

learn of decrees of the which have God cities shalt inhabit thou which Thou this algoverned land and which must build,didst shalt not thou eat from and And then he added:

lives of the govern octhose ways who planted,vines hast not thou and which shalt wells drinkthou from which thou I these words, which And 6:1011.) command thee information,cupy it. Withoutwe are largelythis strangersimportantin dig. (See Deut.didst not this shall day, heart: thine be in

And thou shalt teach them diligently our own land, not being aware of the

Every American is in that same situaunto thy children, and shalt talk of them laws governing our own welfare.

tion. Certainly there is no one within when thou sittest in thine house, and when George Washington is often referred

JUNE 1958 415 to as the "Father of his country."But Mormon prophets who knew, even betJamestown and before the Mormon

I would like to suggest the name of anter than Lincoln, of the special relationpioneers. We know, by means of diother man who might qualify in a more ship existing between God and this vine revelation, that the Garden of

real sense as the "Father of America."land. President Lincoln said: Eden was established in this land. This

After the flood waters had receded from was the home of many of the greatest off the face of this land, a little group We have been the recipients of the choicprophets who have ever lived. But the

est of prebounties heaven. have been Weof led people the is were by all Lord from of in greatness not America the

served years in prospeace many and of at confusionthe Babel, tongues back past. also will of place the This the be perity. in grown numbers, wealth theseWe have thisto of to promise, land repeople and Jerusalem. Article of tenth new The as other and power nation no ever has

"... restockto aniwith plant America and Faith says that will built be Zion grown.

mal life. The Lord said to the brother upon this [the American] continent;

his direction,of Jared, under led who, will reign personally Christ upon indicated he our perennial probthat Then."littlethis to this colony beginning, new earth; his the capitals of with one lem, said, and he

"... in this land, that western.. the earth

I will before thee into a its go land receive... be pararenewed and forgotten But have we have will God. We is all choice ofwhich above the lands disiacal glory."will earth This eventhe forgotten gracious the that preserved handearth. (Ether 1:42.) celestial tually of the become in kingdom us multiplied and peace enriched and

and strengthened us, and we have vainly God. (See D & C 88:2526.)

The Lord gave to the Jared itcs many imagined in the deceitfulness of our hearts all that decrees ofdivine blessings these this land: concerning were produced by lived those even have here Then who

superior or it of virtue our wisdom own.that forever should as some preserved be forgotten but have be God, must who Intoxicated success, with unbroken have wea of sanctuary freedom, that there cast live out; they other must some selfsufficient feel too to become necesthe kings thisshould land, be no that upon place. those entitled are to But who sity of preserving grace, redeeming too and this of the land, behe would and God it is live this celesearth upon when to to us. proud pray the Cod made whothat nation possess whatsoever should tialized will It not then only to enjoy the us behooves ourselves then humble

it, forthat henceforth from time and before to the offended confess power, living, highest our of also standard the but ever, should serve him, the only true national sins and to pray for clemency and highest standard of happiness ever

God, or they should be swept off when forgiveness. known by man. But all of this is based

the fulness of his wrath should come upon our ability to remember and serve upon them. The Lord said that the But in spite of our many weaknesses, God.

fulness of his wrath would come upon and in spite of the mild chastenings On this important anniversary, we them when they were "ripened in iniqthat God has administered from time to need to remember that we are not the uity."(Sec ibid., 2:8-9.) time in the interests of our reformation, first but the fifth culture that has lived

I would just like to note in passing, he has still blessed us with the highest upon this land, each of the other four that these decrees have never been restandard of living ever known in the having been destroyed because they have voked. It is world. said that in the United forgotten God. keep must forever We The Jaredites became a great nation States, with 6 percent some of the in national our mind that as well

and flourished upon this land for apworld's population, we have approxiour individual welfare has been putas proximately nineteen hundred years, or mately 50 percent of the telephones, the in our hands, and the law governing our almost the exact length of time that lias radios, the automobiles, the television welfare has been clearly stated to us.

elapsed since birth to the of Jesus our sets, and the other devices of civilizabless- the greatest not only have We

It five than was also moreown day. tion. ings, but the greatest have we also

times the length of the period the from in But event the crowning the blessresponsibilities. responsihave the Webeginnings present. to the at Jamestown ing early of America in the spring came bility to carry the message of the

The Jaredites loved this land and enof 1820, when God the Father and his to "every nation and kindred and tonguegospel joyed its blessings, as we have done. Son, Jesus Christ, reappeared upon this and people."We have the responsibility

The Lord promised them that there continent in what is probably the greatof putting the gospel in force in our should be no greater nation on the est divine manifestation ever given in own lives. We must exercise a kind of

earth than the one which he should the world. They came to reestablish leadership corresponding to our opporraise up for them upon this land. The among men a belief in the God of tunities and our blessings. Certainly we

Jaredites lived contemporaneously with Genesis, a belief in the God of this must not be content to dwell in the

Babylon, Assyria, China, and the. other land. They came to establish the gospel house built by the Pilgrims and the

great nations of that day. on this earth for the last time, and to Pioneers. We must make history ourBut after they had eaten and were let us know that these timeless decrees selves. The highest standard of living

full, they forgot God, and they were of God still govern in this land which is important, but it is far more impordestroyed. Other cultures upon this we presently possess. tant to have the highest standard of

land followed the same pattern and met What an important beginning. What honor and the highest standard of obedithe same end. an inspiring way to open this age of ence and the highest standard of "reAs I stood at Jamestown, I thought wonders and enlightenment and oppormembering."Then our country will be

how grateful we ought to be in America tunity and abundance and freedom, safe and our freedom and our happiness for this new beginning, this last chance which we know as the Dispensation of will be secure. Then we may earn the

to serve the God of this land, and how the Fulness of Times! Most of the conright to live forever in this favored land

carefully we ought to study the divine flicting religions of the present day have upon this celestialized earth.

decrees that control our blessings and been imported into America. They have I close with the inspiring poem of

destiny. Certainly no one can be fabeen brought from Italy and England Henry Carey,

miliar with the history of our great and Switzerland and Scandinavia and nation to date without being acutely Scotland, Arabia and China and Japan "America"aware of the special providential favor and India. But the Church of Jesus

which has attended this land from the Christ of Latterday Saints was born in My country! 'tis of thee,

of land liberty, thisvery beginning. of Lincoln chosen land Abraham America to open

I thee sing; the SweetOf

fact last greatest in hispointed the remarkable out this dispenof all the and fathers died, where Land my sations. of ProclamationThanksgiving Day of pilgrim's the pride, Land

1863, which sounds as if it had been But America was a divinely favored From every mountain side, dictated by one of the great Book of land before Columbus and before Let freedom ring.

416 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA My native country, thee, Sweet freedom's song; With freedom's holy light,

Land of the noble, free, Let mortal tongues awake, Protect us by thy might,

Thy name I love; Let all that breathe partake, Great God, our king!

I love thy rocks and rills, Let rocks their silence break, hills; sound prolong. and templed woods The Thy the always remember That may we rapture thrills with My heart blessings, of our and that we may father's that above. Like God! to thee, source Our

Author of liberty, prove ourselves worthy of him who is

Let music swell the breeze, To thee we sing; their Author, I pray, in the name o

And ring from all the trees. Long may our land be bright Jesus Christ. Amen.

know positively of its correctness, and sun dissipating the fog; the power

who are courageously toiling toward equipment removing boulders from the those eternal goals. road. It is the mansion on the hill reIn experiences of mortality we someplacing the shack in the marshes; the

times suffer from optical illusions; we harvester shelving the sickle and cradle;

hear noises that do not exist; we expethe tractor, train, automobile, and plane

rience nocturnal adventures quite undisplacing the ox team. It is the rich

real, and distorted; but in the spiritual nourishing kernels of corn instead of

trough. husks in the positive can realm certainty, the have one It is muchAre YOU else, for for the more than all Lord has repeated numerous

the definite promise here ex- a modern times pressed:... this is life eternal, that they might

NICODEMUS? If any man will do his will, he shall knowChrist, theewhomthethouonlyhasttruesent,God,(ibid.,and17:3.)Jesus

know of the doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether I speak of myself. (John 7:17. Eternal life is the greatest gift. To

Spencer W. Kimball Italics added.) obtain it is not easy. The price is high.

of the Council of the Twelve price. the of old inquired Nicodemus

inanswer perplexed him. Let us In courts of law the witness is asked The

take to that the an oath information terview that so came who good man is to give he is about "the truth, the My beloved brothers and sisters, first yet evidently missed near and the mark.

truth, truth,"the nothing whole and but goodtheI like to acknowledge should is are Your Nicodemus? name You

called statements the are his and made of to me. theness Lord of sect the a of powerful the member "testimony."spiritual In matters, of the I speak President the we heard As Pharisees? of a are the You member likewise I a tried to testimony. have year, past This may the ofconverts perthe Sanhedrin? Jewish knew You

is of spiritual sureness the or tabernacles, one unique andvisualize four huge called son Nazareth from Christ? Jesus

to pertains full the realness of this as one, a personal long, astwice wide and his heard You sermons witnessed and life last active the only. of continued year God; all the converts fromof new his miracles? his looked into eyes You Christ, separate like three I of his this from but morning conscious am his voice? heard and

I Father; divinity the of restoration Brethren. the places our amongempty are a good Nicodemus, honman, You of organization the doctrines of Oscar Brother of and today thinkingam orable just, for will yet and defend you

influGod's the earth on has Church great the and a whoKirkham, man before colleagues, our Lord asking your of the divine, power authoritative has and tremendously youthenced be not he hearwithout a condemned

I priesthood to regiven life service. revelaof men, through a longgiven am ing. also are for generous, will You you tions from God. can be These Evans Elder known Thomas McKaymembering yet bring of one aloes weight hundred as as surely that shines, the sun a like without by everyas Nathanael, one man his to burial. at and myrrh have You responsible fail person, to to Elder to attainguile. returns and mind And my least faith, have but some courage you

is this to colknowledge close that S. admit very one has our Bennion,Adam to face criticism? enough are You price. not paid the I Like scripture detbe of academic thinkleague, and identified as one cover under came who

it is grees strivings. obtained intense by child grew, says, the and "Andwhich of darkness. In senatorial seat your

is soul clean spirit, That filled rethrough wisin who with strongwaxed colleagues your you and impreshave it pentance the receives ordinances and of grace was the and upondom: God sive powers, laws controlmaking and

it, desires if he for reaches investiand 2:40.) thenhim."(Luke And when destinies. ling

gates conscientiously, studies, to Nazareth, and prays it wasthey went down It is night not now. been You have faithfully. inof again,said Lord, the "And Jesus seen. are addressing Lord: You our

is stature, in the spiritual knowledge ofcreased and and in wisdom A sure (Ihid., door an 2:52.) open attainable to rewardsfavour with God."An and

art that Rabbi, thou a teacher we know injoys testiunspeakable. ignore Elder the greatalready Bennion man, To for these from God: no come do can man

is spiritualin greatness, of to grope in caves impenewisdom,creased mony miracles that doest, except thou be God ity. We express to the families of these trable darkness; to creep along in fog with him. (Ibid., 3:2.)

three men our affection and our symover hazardous highways. That person

pathy. is to be pitied who may still be walking His ready answer wrinkles your brow.

In the moments allotted to me may in darkness at noonday, who is tripping This is the simple total answer to the

I address my remarks to any here and over obstacles which can be removed weightiest of all questions.

in the radio and television audience and who dwells in the dim flickering who have not experienced the glow, the candlelight of insecurity and skepticism. Verily, verily I say unto thee, Except a

warmth, the peace which come to those The testimony is the electric light ilman be born again he cannot see the kingwho see the eternal path clearly and luminating the cavern; the wind and dom of God. (Ibid., 3:3.)

JUNE 1958 417 You are well versed in the law, Nicohad. He is so kind and patient. He Can you envision the cleanliness as

demus, but what of the gospel? To gain will explain further in eightynine one emerges from the watery grave,

eternal life there must be a rebirth, a words, sixtyfive of which are onesyl- washed, and the freedom and joy and transformation, and an unburdening lable ones: glory of it? But after all this you still

self of pride, weaknesses, and prejudice. ask, "How can these things be?"Your

You must begin as a little child, clean, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a question astonishes us and brings from teachable. You seem not to understand. man be born of water and of the Spirit, the Master this chastisement:

"How can a man be born when he is he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.

old?"(Ibid., 3:4.) Your question is That which is born of the flesh is flesh; Art thou a master of Israel, and knowest

things? 3:10.) these (John is is not of Spirit the that which and born forstrange learned a man. Must you spirit.

all to logic? everyreduce Must human opportunity's brother, doors are I that thee, not my said Marvel unto O Ye

finite, tothing rational be your mateclosing. again. can't understand? be born you must Why

rialistic mind? it Iisteth, materialistic obstacles? bloweth where wind and The Too He many

He says: thou hearest the sound thereof, but canst knows your influence, wealth, erudition,

not tell whence it cometh, and whither it your exalted place in community, in

I rest. goeth; so is every will give unto me, and you Come one that is born of the government, in the powerful church

3:5-8.) (Ibid., you, yoke ye Spirit. and Take upon my... group.:28- 1 1 souls. rest findshall (Matt. your unto

offers a dedependent, not you He29.) beautiful—-how How forceful—how like your cadent and kingdom doomed

Is positive! to question, there to excuse rule, invites to dying you Judah. He to expects divest of yourself you He hesitate, reject? to this Nicodemus, O as of a not temporary world emperor act, inclinaforeignevery thought, and crisis of last long. cannot moment You is like to destined which power Rome, live histion, plan. accept and and him a are perilous decion summit. Your is as clay, offering but crumble you is "rest,"exaltation, will the whichAnd sion difference the can mean between of in citizenship heaven, the kingdom glory.be your exaltation a deprivation greater and than rise in stature to eventually authorand still to not underdo But seem you of know. a desire. you spark had You ity in until are king a your you own it Is sostand, Pharisee. complex? Mr. it? did extinguish you Why right greater a the dominion than with of afraid brother yourAre you what refer to you our made Master What all of earth. empires the combined fearful of of think you,Pharisees may as teacher "a from come God"? you Do decision with weighted seems Your inlosing place exalted the Sanyour in believe not prophets? not you Have of plaudits treasures earthly the and see? Certainly nothedrin? Or, do you all life for waited your a Redeemer? affluence. of the conveniences and men little given you. has glimpse beena You all After his testimonies, sermons, and for friend Nicoheart you, weeps My miracle theacknowledged worker must is still miracles, inspired only he an a such good demus. seem man, You so sent curtain the butbe God, from to teacher you? not Could the he be philanthropic, kind, generous. You ifslightly close will again opened you longawaited Christ? tried you Have in the could a such been power have act bethe not knowledgedo upon new believe accept, to are or and you bound a of spark Lord's kingdom. had You offered you.ing fetters of tradition, with chains down It desire. into kindled could been have educated, are highly good You my of materialism, of losable handcuffs and living flame. might a been have You sit feet learn. at to yourman. Many prestige? timid one, exert awaken, O as to seventies, his proselyte of an one training superior blind your you?Does yourself, curtains the back draw your apostle, agent, or or an advance even or a a be prophet measuredMust God training background have and hung his President of the Church. You test physical of laboratory?in the tubes a of soul! the over your windows You filled the vacancy have might when canaccept anything not you youCan are to speaking ordinary no man, no called or been Matthias have an was of rules in the schools the provenot by philosopher, prophet. no mere common gentiles to apostle the with Paul and studied?which you in are of real the presence the You Mesperils his of in the suffered with him it. accepting are not Lord You The siah, the great physician, the master sea, his in prisons, in robbers, amongis rethe postulating necessary again psychiatrist, Christ. the very are You his in stonings, beatings and even andquirements: questioning the of maker heaven and little realize death. the doors we How

earth, the of God. Son

born again, Except he cannot a man be curtains, the Open my skeptic brother. oneof opportunitywrong decision.which Butwe oftthe closeprice withwas italicssee (John 3:3; the kingdom of God.

added.) Rid yourself of your intellectual contoo high, wasn't it, man of wealth?

servatism. This is a crucial moment. Unwilling that you slip back in your

That total answer came in one senYou are being offered a gift priceless darkness without having every opportence of thirteen small words. You are beyond your imagination. Will you tunity, Christ will bear you his testiwondering, weighing, Mr. Rationalizer. let it pass? Talking with Christ, you mony again. He will not leave you

You seem impressed, but you are bound. should be awed to a tremble, quaking guiltless. You cannot escape the conHow much you do not realize! Did you in shoeless feet on such holy ground, demnation of this testimony, Mr. Raexpect it in eloquent, impressive words? and on your knees in reverent humility. tionalizer. Hear him:

is Savior, Lord, your your your its it in simplicity?Is frustrating You This things, If earthly told ye and you I have Can't understand, Redeemer. you O Sir. rationalizing, weigh cannotare You if I tell shall believe not, ye believe, how little feel faith? his of Can't ye you secular ofthis your on the scales of things? heavenly you

knowledge and training. They are too love and kindness and see the sadness For God sent not his Son into the world

crude, mundane. You need finer and disappointment in those penetrating to condemn the world; but that the world

mechanism. eyes as he notes your withdrawal? He through him might be saved.

thee, is verily, speak Verily, unto saying: I say We to the returning question about Your

testify that that know, have and we do we it informother's womb rebirth—was (Ibid., witness. our seen; receive ye not and pride arrogance. Set aside your Cast and Intellectual, question, as Mr.tended a italics ll; 17, 3:12, added.) of all worldly burdens. Repent you from logic; to or to superioror your prove purify transgressions, hands, your your and receive did Nicodemus, you or irrational; why that Christpoint out was O I heart, believe that the mind, and am

did his not witness? open not you it perplexity? your knows Why merewas He life, the the of waters pure from bread

professional background and culture spring. Accept me and my gospel; go down your heart to understanding? Why did

and the analytical training you have into the waters in proper baptism. you hesitate when the Redeemer of the

418 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA world so condescended? Had you humYou might have walked where Jesus walked program? Are you too materialistically

bly taken the first step of repentance and stayed where he was staying; trained to accept the miracles, visions,

and then proper baptism, then would You might have eaten bread and sop and prophets, and revelations?

knelt praying; where he was If is listeners, thehave to you Ghost come Holy a modany of you, my have might your washed weary feet and He

the laying to grasp bythrough ern on I beg of hands one Nicodemus, of you his dryer; wiped with them

of his apostles, or he himself might have He might have laid his precious hands upon the new world of truths. Your Lord

done it. your head with Fire. Jesus Christ pleads with you:

The Holy Ghost would have abided with you so long as you merited and You might have eased his weary way and My true Church is restored to earth with saving doctrines. his bleeding; wiped away my that whispered havewould to you so

I in authoritative have placed positions in his helped You might have defense when too,you, could have exclaimed with apostles called, divinely others and sorely and in he needing; wasyour Redeemer, leadership prophet a receives disappointing Most are who today words oft expressed

divine revelations. writing; tongue and my

speak that [which] know, we do We are Churches many, but they are churches saddest words, and Theby "It might have been"(Ibid.,testify seen. that [which] we have of are not men, mine. the biting. always most

italics3:11; added.) are Creeds they numerous, but are not

And John wrote: youNow,too aremygenerousbeloved,andlisteningkind. Youfriends,too of Organizationsmy authorship.are everywhere, but they

are not organized nor accepted me. by are prayerful religious. and But are seen hath what he heard, that and Pretended usurping representatives and are also like Nicodemus, burdened his youhe..testifieth;. receiveth no and man I legion, called not; but I recognor do them

testimony. (Ibid., 3:32.) down with preconceived and prejudiced nize their ordinances.

notions? Do you think that no good My second coming is near at hand.

O my disbeliever brother, the New thing can come out of Nazareth, or

Testament could have recorded your Palmyra, or Salt Lake City? Are you... I stand at the door, and knock: if

voice, hear any the man and door, countless times open thrice. instead of my toname too biased accept new truth? Too

will in to come him, will and sup with lived in forever haveYou could fettered the wealthy and with of I the cares he and with me. hearts of millions. thisminds and countless to accept difficult world the dehim,

that him overcometh will To to I grant of abilitiesBecause your many of Christ's you mands Church? Are you

.. in with throne. me mymight have been one so influential chosen as fear to walk to to prejudice that hath sit He hear. an (Rev. ear let.him

up the slopes of the Holy Mount of your position or local influence? Are 3:2022.)

Transfiguration, to have unspeakable you too weak to accept and carry a load revelations, to join others in martyrdom, of service? Are you too busy to study This testimony I bear, in the name of

and rule eternally with Christ. and pray and learn of Christ and his Jesus Christ our Master. Amen.

therefore ignorantly ye spiritual worship, him declare the I carnal. the and say May

(Acts I unto you. 17:23.) is that calf the golden or the carnal the

carnal likened may be unto the worship in life following experience The the of calf, golden or the material things of 32:1-8. Moses is recorded in Exodus of drinking,KNOW playing, and thelife—feasting, Moses delayed the from in coming down forgetting spirit? and the mount. Israel of children The became and ivorship

restless said and unto Aaron, "Make us worshipIt is essentialhim in truth,to knowfor JesusGod said:and to shall us; before this gods which go the true and

is."not where he know Moses, we So

is this life eternal, that And they might to persuaded their bring them thee the true only know Jesus God, and it fashioned he and a living GOD Aaronjewelry, with Christ, sent. hast thou 17:3.) (John whom graving tool calf. a and molten made

thy "These be Gods!"And so Aaron

serve both and God We cannot LongdenJohn built altar an proclaimed, and

It is necessary to "We mammon. to knowAssistant to the Council of the Twelve feast, drink play."and

to pay our devotions in spirit done Then the Lord said unto Moses, whomso that wesuchpraymayandbe and in truth. the have heard mouthWe this rehas been said Much morning for Go, people, thy get thee down; which piece Father, of our Heavenly President Spirit,garding the I feel and thou broughtest out of that we the of Egypt, land

have felt the Spirit of the Lord here have corrupted themselves: David O. McKay, this morning from

this morning. In order to feel the Spirit They have turned aside quickly out of the this pulpit draw conclusively to our

of the Lord we must understand God; way which I commanded them: [they have attention the need to develop the spirit

he must be known to us, and not unmade8.) them a "golden calf."] (Exodus 32:7- withinto have us,theseto understandthings applyGod,in ourand lives.thenknown.

I Apostle like further to Paul declared: should The draw from Holy Writ

these both From experiences—the experiences, life intwo of the one the prophet the Moses, Apostle and Paul on as hillApostle offspring are the Forasmuch then Paul of Mars'the on we other and Mars'these lessons: learn hill—we ought to God, not that think we life the Godin of the Moses.

their devotions, people built had The is like gold, or silver, head unto or stone, will recall that You when Paul visaltars, worshiped art an graven and God, device. by (Acts unknown and man'sited hill said: Mars'he

17:29.) in ignorance. worshiped case, In each

For as I passed by, and beheld your deas today, authorized servants taught the votions, I found an altar with this inscriptrue and living God. We can be influenced by man's device

tion, TO THE UNKNOWN GOD. Whom We have heard this morning about today which is contrary to enjoying the

JUNE 1958 419 spirit; "... for the letter killeth, but the calves which can come into our lives, ing, he was the only one present, but

spirit giveth life."(II Cor. 3:6.) and we worship them in preference to he didn't leave; he would sing a hymn

Are we worshiping God in the full developing our spiritual lives. and pray. His witness had come to

spirit of truth or are there any golden In the days of Moses the children of him through worship of the true and calves or idols in our lives? Do we on Israel merely gave material things to living God.

occasion worship the gods of hate, bitmake their golden calf. Today we are Then I think of the parents who are

terness, vanity, deceit, profanity, disgiving our precious time. Material humbly proud of their sons and daughhonesty, disloyalty, immorality, apostasy, things can be replaced, but time canters receiving all the awards and achievemoney, gold, silver, uranium (to bring not be called back, and time is allotted ments possible through constant Church

us upto-date), power, clothes, passions, to each of us on an equal basis—twentyactivity and participation. These are

styles, a broken Sabbath, new cars with four golden hours each day. the homes where joy and happiness prehigher speed, in fact, all material things? What are we doing with them? Are vail because they are worshiping the

The New Testament poses a very imwe using them to the best advantage? true and living God. This is the type

portant question: Now is the time to do something of home President McKay has spoken

about it! We all no doubt have apof this morning.

Is not the life more than meat, and the proached a railroad crossing and have Now as to idols, they were prevalent body than raiment? (Matt. 6:25.) been exposed to the sign which reads, in the days of Moses, of Paul, and are

"Stop! Look! Listen!"among us today. Paul's words to the

It is easy to follow the world and May we sincerely take this to heart. Thessalonian saints, First Thessalonians,

think in a material or physical vein. I What if Paul should pass by today as the first chapter and the ninth verse—

am reminded of an experience which he passed Mars'hill? What if Jesus "... and how ye turned to God from

happened as we toured the Western should appear today (and no man knowidols to serve the living and true God,"

States Mission four years ago with eth the hour of his coming)? Are we would indicate that they had seen the

President and Sister A. Lewis Elggren. as ready to meet him as we can be? error of their ways and had turned to

As we journeyed through the state of I trust we will banish from our lives the worship of God.

Nebraska, we saw road signs, "Do not any worship of golden calves, and worSo if there need be repentance in any fail to see the Pioneer Village and the ship our Father in spirit and in truth. of our hearts today, let us exercise the

Progress of Man."As I am always inIt is my privilege to know many courage and fortitude necessary to turn

terested in the pioneers and the progress young couples on the campuses of the from our idols to worship and serve the of man, I was anxious to see what universities in this and other areas who true and living God. If anyone within

progress man had made. When we are getting their education and at the the sound of my voice has not yet been

finally arrived, we found, a new, very same time having their babies, raising blessed with membership in the true modern building. In it were the various their families, and finding time to serve Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

styles of automobiles, beginning with the true and living God. I thrill at Saints, I pray that the Spirit of the Lord

one of the first ones produced up to their devotion. will prevail upon him to receive the

and including the new highpowered, Then I think of the couple who went witness that the words spoken from this streamlined, most modern car. And to the bank and placed a mortgage on pulpit are divine and for the benefit of

this was supposed to represent the their home in order to finance their our spiritual and eternal lives.

progress of man! Yes, it is easy to folsixth son on his mission. They wanted It is our individual responsibility to

low the world and think of the material, all their sons to have this privilege and see that our spiritual lives are in tune the carnal, rather than the spiritual. honor. They had a witness of the true with the teachings of the Master, who

Do we worship these carnal or mateand living God and were worshiping said, "... seek ye first the kingdom of

rial things in preference to the spiritual? him and assisting in this great work. God,..."I testify to you that the

We do need a balance. We may prefer As I toured the Southwest Indian Mismaterial and physical things which we

to worship the movies, movie stars, sion last fall, I met a Lamanite brother. need to sustain life will be granted us.

television, radio, and ail forms of recre- I learned he was eightyfour years of I testify further that God is our Heavenation. Do these things take us from age. A few years ago in this little ly Father. He is not a mystery but can

our quorum meetings, Sunday School, branch where he lived, there were but be known if we desire to know him.

and Sacrament meetings? If so, these a few members of the Church. Several This is my witness and testimony to

are just some of the modern golden times when he went to priesthood meetyou, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Friday Afternoon session, April 4, 1958

I echo the words of President McKay I believe, too, that the Lord himself this morning and of President Smith did not consider that the resurrection this afternoon expressing an anxiety we was his greatest gift to man. I do not

should have for our children. In that attempt to defend the statement. I beconnection I also remember that the day lieve that he knew that we could not

Teach the after tomorrow is the anniversary of the understand all of his purposes but that

it I to lay that think, too, April 6 is take the as near body and meant down a CHILDREN resurrection of the Lord Jesus Christ. as humans we might understand what

it it his I believe of highest the actual that puranniversary day up again.

S. Dilworth Young took place as we shall ever be able to pose is that his children who will supof the First Council of the Seventy ascertain. port and sustain him will be given

420 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA exaltation in his presence. That, I Dr. Adam S. Bennion would not have working with children. The man operthink, is what he had in mind when said, "Make things easy for youth."ating the program must not let the

he came to the earth in the first place. Rather he would have them develop parents or the Church down. The prin-

I think he taught it to those who could honor by means of sharp competition. ciples of salvation and the testimonies

understand the doctrine, and I Relieve On the playing court he would have of leaders must be the guiding factors.

that he has restored it to us in this applied the lessons which would be These three elements were part of the last day with the purpose now of bringtheir strength in manhood. He wanted living souls of the three men of whom

ing it to a fulfilment. keen, sharp, hard play; to win hard, I speak, whom I loved and revered.

If that be true, then the family is fair, and square; to lose gracefully. But Now, may I summarize what I have

probably the greatest element in our let some man try to use these fields of just said as to what our children might lives today. Without the family we action to win illegitimately, to use an need and which we should be alert to

shall not attain exaltation, as I underunfair tactic to further his own ends, give them:

stand exaltation to be. And of course to make the end justify foul means, and Teach youth to play fair and square,

without children the family would not Adam Bennion became at once a hornet to play hard and to win modestly, to be very much. and a cudgel to drive him away. lose gracefully, but, above all things,

But if we lose our children in the At some point in their lives all chilprotect them from evil men until they process of attaining exaltation, I think dren must be protected from the deare old enough to protect themselves.

it is a little vain to assume that we are signs of conspiring men. Adam Bennion That is a vital thing.

going to have very much happiness. was one who was fearless, outspoken, Fire each child with the desire to

Therefore I would raise my voice in their protector. Youth needs that proreach the heights of happy achievement.

asking that we give special attention to tection by adults. Unless the spark kindles the flame, an

the children. Too, in 1958, we should Oscar A. Kirkham could lift boys and inner flame, it will not warm the soul.

begin to take steps which will correct girls out of themselves, to aspire to high This is vital, too.

the abuses which affect their lives in things. In his hands they rode on the Finally, keep always in mind the ultimany places. wings of eagles; they acquired the mate goal, exaltation in the presence

It so happens that much of my life rugged strength of the mighty oak. He of the Father and the Son. Do nothing

has been spent working with children. pointed the way to show that the greatto cloud this goal in the minds of chilThis gives me some right to mention est adventures are those in fields of dren, my brethren. Do everything to

three needs which I think I can draw morality, honor, and integrity. When keep its guiding light brightly shining.

from that experience. I could name a he left them, the embers of the campfire I believe that if these three things,

dozen, but I have chosen these three dying down, somehow each one knew plus others which could be mentioned because of associations I have had with that the message was the echo of his in handling children, can be applied, three men. Each of these men is asown unformed ideals leaping into high somehow our eternities will be sure. In

sociated in my experience with children. resolve. We need more of that, too. this group here before me is the power

case, as youth. E.In presitaught a stake one one a was Thomas McKay me righteousness, children to into lead our

cases, in dent.In a the other his stake for of two with work I was member my principles. will the apply but

Ichildren, dealings years. E. for them. had with I many was Thomas McKay

is that testimony lives and God if Mywe in children.think his the told things they help needed, and was me When

in the things they did themselves are weight and his influence were applied that Jesus Christ the Lord lives and found possibly some bases upon which with full force and without reservation, watches over us and desires us to come we can begin our work. Here, then, and it was no mean force. He made into his presence if we will but obey.

are lessons from the three. only one stipulation to me when I was I say it in his Floly Name. Amen.

mkM

I pray that I shall have an interest in dations of the earth? declare, if thou hast

your faith and prayers while I take this understanding.

precious time. We have heard of the When the morning stars sang together,

successes of the missionary work and the and all the sons of God shouted for joy?

other activities of the Church. The (Job 38:4, 7.)

again Abraham said: Hoiv NEAR itsgrowthactivities.of the TheChurchsuccessis gloriousof maninandall And

the Church can be measured, I think, Now the Lord had shown unto me, Abrato God in the answer to the question, "How ham, the intelligences that were organized near to God are you?"before the world was; and among all these

a prethere from one of us Every were many of the noble and great came ones; existed. existence. are YOU? earthly always We

Before coming to this earth we lived And God saw these souls that they were of stood in good, the and midst them, he with heavenly were our parents. We

I said: rulers; will and he These make my their children. the Challenging Job,

Eldred G. Smith, Lord said: forand hehe stoodsaw amongthat theythosewerethatgood;were andspirits,he

Patriarch to the Church Where wast thou when I laid the founsaid unto me: Abraham, thou art one of

JUNE 1958 421 them; thou wast chosen before thou wast we, individually, accept and fulfil the Prophet Joseph Smith when he received

born. (Abraham 3:2223.) laws of the gospel determines how near the plates from which the Book of

bringtranslated. Before was will Mormon to come. we God of heavenly all children are our We secreted directly he ing them home are to you? near The Lord God How in the livedparents. with them We retrees, of in a and grove upon them said: has

sight.celestial kingdom. walked by We safe, for he turning found them them

celestial glory was. the what knewWe all that labour and ye unto as Come me started he was and he homeward

of partake only, spirits could not weAs rest. I will give are laden, and you heavy tried to a by encountered who man

thereof. our fulnessthe knew how 11:28.) (Matt. We this fought him. force from He them

exaltation. his to FatherHeavenly came off, in then down, knocking him man this it us Brother Kimball reminded that then, wonder, any weWas another the Prophet farther met going

I it often heard have morning, for and him joy wasshouted made when likewise knocked down. he man whom

is relaxation loungsay, not "Rest to and that us could unto come weknown third a again, and continued met He is It exaltation."ing. step this theearth? was knew We result, the ran with then the same man as gospel the us given a Christ has us for to opportunity thenecessary and to his three miles rest of approximately

if life will us, will of that lead so glory wegain there that way knew which we I exthat the gave think Lord home.

it if fully, exaltation. live to has notwell. that promised He were we We that could to perience he him show

in dark. left blindly the to all us stumble in faithful things wouldwere we strength, physical extra receive added

is It to obey. for us follow there and to return opportunity our unto thehave in plates the he had because though

said Christ to Nicodemus: in heaven. wouldFather knew we We his or possession handicap would which

all, forgotten here, and havingcome still able he hinder was him physically, thee, a verily, I say Verily, Except unto to he tested. tried Thishe was and physical that the powers to overcome kingsee the again, be cannot born he man learn opportunity wherean would we forced him. were upon of God. dom to experience. were ourfrom own We are to Yes, near you? To God how

learn good from evil, right from wrong. Nicodemus did not understand, and be exalted with God in the celestial

We would learn obedience. the Lord added, kingdom requires both righteous living

To prove our obedience, among other and fulfilling the ordinances of the gosthings, there was a gospel plan given. Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a pel. There are those who live a good

Savior. Spirit, of a necessary plan of theThis be water born and made man the ordinances accept not but do

of into enter the cannot he kingdom of the Christ, the BegottenJesus Only God. life,of there gospel. other the the hand On 3:3, 5.) (John flesh, Meridin the in theFather came are they think because that those who

ian of Time, and through his atoning have been baptized, ordained, endowed, sacrifice broke the bonds of death and and sealed, that is enough. Yet they

opened the gates of the resurrection. do not live righteous lives. Both rightcelebrate Christians This Sunday all

this great ofthe anniversary day. * J.!; ofeousthelivinggospelandare fulfillingnecessarytheto ordinancescome unto

Through him all shall have a glorious God. Jesus Christ said to the Prophet

resurrection. We were promised the Joseph Smith in the Sacred Grove in

right and opportunity to return to our that greatest of all visions:

Father in heaven. Jesus Christ was our

Elder Brother in that preearthly exist-... they draw near to me with their lips,

ence. He was, however, the Only but their hearts are far from me, they teach

Begotten of the Father in the flesh. It How near to God are you? If you for doctrines the commandments of men,

was he who created this earth. Thus, have not entered the waters of baptism having a form of godliness, but they deny

as a God, begotten of the Father in the yet, I suggest that you seek God in the power thereof.

flesh, he had power over life and death. prayer and ask for understanding that

No power could take his life unless he you also may come nearer to him. I wonder how many of us who are

gave it. He could have lived forever. Through prayer and wholehearted demembers of the Church draw near to

But no, he chose to do the will of the sire we may come near enough to him him with our lips, but our hearts are

Father and give his life that all might to receive extra added strength, to keep far from him. Are we near enough to

live. Thus he broke the bonds of death his commandments, to overcome evil, to pay a full tithing? Are we near enough

and opened the doors of the resurrecchange from bad habits to good habits. to keep the Word of Wisdom? Do we

tion, giving all mankind, all God's chilJohnson said "bad men excuse their attend our Sacrament meetings? Do we

dren, the opportunity to be resurrected faults; good men leave them."Have you do our ward teaching? Do we partake

and come unto him. placed a barrier between you and God of the Sacrament and covenant to keep

Through Christ we shall all be resurthrough misdeeds, neglect, omissions, his commandments, and then keep rected, but not all to the same glory. or habits displeasing to God which keep them? Do we go to the temple to be

In Corinthians we read: you from coming nearer to him? How sealed as husband and wife for time and

love, peace, is eternity? and are we have Repentance to Do you? near God

celestial bodies also bodies, are and There in are our all homes? we harmony Or difficult task, yet have very a we is celestial of the terrestrial: glory the but

referred like virgins is the the ten it Lord of to do. needed Prayer plenty terrestrial is anglory of the the one, and

fifty percent to of only guilt would feeling of repent. to help us whom The other.

There is one glory of the sun, and another ties our tongues so that we cannot speak measure up to come into his presence?

glory of the moon, and another glory of to him or approach him, yet God is Patriarchal blessings are given to help the stars: for one star differeth from another always there to help. The door is never us to return unto God, to be exalted

glory. in star of is blessings his the kingdom. often in The closed. Adversity completely

also So all to are given come Lord bring to who will us and tool used humble is the resurrection of the dead.... the

(I 15:4042.) Cor. in his prayer guidance Seek him. unto Father. to our Heavenly us closer

The highest glory is the celestial, and How near to God are you? Do you and faith and humility, that the blessnaturally, the abode of our Father in have the strength to repent? Yes, you ings of the Lord shall be unto you as

heaven. To attain this glory there are may even be given added physical you draw near to him with your hearts,

special requirements. For this purpose strength if you live near enough to is my prayer in the name of Jesus Christ.

is the gospel given to man. How well God. I recall the experience of the Amen.

422 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA my Brethren, but I know that in order arc transitory. Splitsecond decisions,

to merit that, I must conform to certain which all of us sometimes have to make, principles, accept all the laws and ordican be more safely made if there have nances of the gospel. I must yield been set up beforehand some "musts"

valiant service in the cause of righteousand some "must nots."In this day

ness, in helping to build up the kingof glamor, enticement, pressure, new dom, and I must, of course, have actemptations, in this day of moral laxity cepted baptism by immersion by proper when more and more are feeling less and authority in order to become a member less the individual and personal reof the Church of Jesus Christ of Lattersponsibility for wrongdoing, it is imBLUEPRINT daydispensableSaints. andThoseessentialordinancesfor all areof inus. perativedesire to thatchooseeachtheof rightus developsregardlessa firmof

I hope that those boys and girls who the circumstances.

for Life have talked to me about this, and others Someone has aptly said: "Good charwho may be in the same frame of mind, acter is determined by what you stand

who are seeking for happiness, will begin for, not by what you fall for."Why

EIRay L. Christiansen byplesconformingof this glorioustheir livesgospel,to whichthe princiis a constantlydoes the Lord,admonishthroughus tohischooseservants,the

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve gospel of happiness, a gospel of joy, a right and to keep his commandments?

gospel that will bring us peace, even Simply because he is our Father, and the peace that passeth understanding. he wishes us to be led into eternal hapto be free by us piness. wants He Smith once made Prophet Joseph The

of sin of and bondage the avoiding to is wonderful I had had a desire to discuss a few this statement, which truths of the gospel, having in mind contemplate: wrongdoing. His commandments are

particularly those Saints who are in given to help us, not to hinder us. He

except us it nothing upon impose would to what quandary as of asomewhat design object of our is the and Happiness assist to wishes our good. it be for He those particularly young ifis all ahout, thereof, will existence, end be the and

people who have asked us such queswe pursue the path that leads to it, and us through these commandments, which tions as: "Why worry so much ahout this path is virtue, uprightness, faithfulness, are principles by which we must learn

us?""What difference does it make?"holiness, and in keeping all of the comto keep in order to find joy and peace,

remorse. regret and than"Why is it necessary that we do this?"mandmentsProphet Josephof Smith,Cod. pages(Teachings255-6.) of the rather

diligent in keeping faithful and "Be purpose glorious wise a and For I encircle will and commandments it is my is prescription simple earth, a and here on placed That hast me Thou tells love,"of Lord the in arms thee my recollection it is the to as follow to withheld follow just as easy And so deeply parents us. are your Why birth. friends and former Of my set course once and our the compass we girls, their boys and you, over concerned secret something ofttimes a Yet directions. get our for constantly your praying hoping and here."stranger a "You're Whispered,

I sure that have must we Now, am I because I love felt you; they wandered welfare? Because had that And

From a more exalted sphere. been faithful, even valiant, in that prethey realize that there is in the world

existent world because we have gradu- a force of evil just as certain as there

So sang the poetess, Eliza R. Snow. ated, so to speak, with some degree of is being directed a work of righteousSince the Lord has seen fit to open again honor into this state of our existence, ness, and that between those two forces

the windows of heaven and reveal his which was necessary in order to conthere is an eternal conflict with a human mind and will to his servants, the prophtinue the next phase and rise to the soul as the stake.

ets, heginning with the Prophet Joseph heights of joy and happiness and receive The Prophet Mormon had this in

Smith, greater understanding and knowlall that the Lord desires us to receive. mind when he wrote these marvelous

edge has come to man in relation to his It is here, now, that we determine where words:

origin, his place on earth, and his reand what we will be in that life which lationship to God. As we have already follows this one upon the earth. The Wherefore, all things which are good

heard, this earth was organized for a precious right to direct the life that has cometh of God; and that which is evil

special, definite, and divinely designed been given to us by our Father should cometh of the devil; for the devil is an

against fighteth him and unto God, for enemy individual, each live by cherished here be and might we purpose—that to enticeth inviteth continually, and and for himself of whether determine of gospel each the plan the following may by is evil continually. that sin, which to do and

life the keeping his perfect destiny, our by he will out our Christ work Jesus is of inthat behold, which God But future, our salvation. commandments of God or whether he viteth and enticeth to do good continually;

Every one of us will die. All of us will follow his own inclinations and wherefore, every thing which inviteth and

will be resurrected, and all of us will wayward ways. All of us, however, will enticeth to do good, and to love God, and to

serve him, is inspired of God. (Moroni to works, our according rewarded live we be Where forever—somewhere. ac- 7:1213.) will graded be our salvation and left entirely shall live in the hereafter is

of Christ gospel the In Jesus cordingly. It individual. as of an us one to each is! revelation that Only a what My, for happithe plan perfect the have is we in rise the exaltation to to for possible us spirit to yields the has the body when achieve. that ness may we if dilatory are or, celestial world, we spirit the to devil overcome the power

to get is of for us it is need possiany indifferent, no There or disobedient or lives! prevail. Adversary He The and unof lost doubt and in wilderness the of that for those to with ble remain us is is active. is powerdead! not He He doctrines, befoolish of certainty, and category. is limited. his ful, power even though

is defined. clearly the cause of salvadegrees way varying are There Presiof statement I last night a noted

said: has It fright- "Man Emerson joy, of the who happiness, of tion, and like that I would dent Young Brigham

himself."and it left is is to two God that to thing ening me wascreators—his this: to in regard to read

life live to to this us given fit and in, I in will Having to determine where me that life to come. There is nothing, plan and direct, it is a tremendous reThe adversary presents his principles and

certainly, that I would like more than sponsibility that rests upon us. We arguments in the most approved style, and

to find myself with my family, with must constantly segregate the things in the most winning tone, attended with those I love, with my friends, and with which endure from the things which the most graceful attitudes; and he is very

JUNE 1958 423 careful to ingratiate himself into the favor mony. In the group that met with them more gifted people or a better race, but

of the powerful and influential of mankind, in the sealing room were represented because through the goodness of God uniting himself with popular parties, floatthree generations on each side. That, we have received evidence upon evioffices trusting into of emolument by and origin, divine the dence of our and it seems be. Famiis as it should to me,

feeling, to popularpandering though his chilit lies that indeed participate as families in knowledge should we are seriously oppressshould the inwrong and nocent. (Discourses of Brigham Young, page holy places. If we expect to be together dren.

it life, in the families next seems and69.) as also the Bible but Not only modern

is the to center objecthe and me that scriptures to revealed us great have and

Satan is cunning. I will never forget tive of the whole, then it is best and fundamental truths which are not genwhat Brother Thomas E. McKay said well that we get together as families in erally understood as to the origin and

in an address from this pulpit, "We do these holy temples under such circumdestiny of man. In addition, appearas that. losenot a our faith by by stances of himself the ances Lord and appearblowout—just

is leaks."theslow That his desire that should of way the AdThe overwhelming ances messengers heavenly have

versary works. The Book of Mormon be in the mind of every young boy and added to the faith and knowledge of this

makes the statement that he ensnares every young girl as he or she moves into people. I pray, brothers and sisters, that

us, and if we do not repent, he "leads young manhood and womanhood is to all of us, especially those who are comus carefully down to hell."He never prepare himself or herself each day that ing into manhood and womanhood, may

jerks, just rather eases us along, unless lie or she lives to be worthy of entering give sober thought to these glorious prinwe turn from the path of wrongdoing. into the house of the Lord, and there ciples and be able to build our lives

Your parents, my young brothers and receive the fabulous blessings that the upon the sure foundation of the gospel sisters, do not wisb their association Lord extends to those who desire them. of Jesus Christ, "whereon if men build

with you to end with this life, but they How glorious is the doctrine that man they cannot fall."

realize that is the time in the and the beginning was now with God! How I testify that he is real, he is the is for opportunity theplace and glorious to prepare the doctrine that families

that grand reunion beyond the grave. may be perpetuated forever! Of all the Savior. He was resurrected and he lives,

A week or so ago a young couple came people upon the earth today the Latterand this is his plan for happiness and to the temple and received their endowday Saints should manifest the greatest exaltation, and I do it humbly in the* ments and were sealed in holy matrifaith in God—not because we are a name of Jesus Christ, the Lord. Amen.

revelations that God has given us so that in the world there must be offenses.

that we will understand life, and if we There must be sin in the world, but the can get the right relation to sin and adLord blocks any illogical reasoning that versity and its oppositcs we can intellibecause there is sin we cannot he gently understand life. There has blamed for having partaken of it with

always been a debate through the cenhis statement: "but woe to that man by

turies as to what sin is, and more parwhom the offence cometh!"

ticularly why there should be so much He also says, in the Doctrine and sin in the world. Some who believe Covenants, 29:39, "And it must needs

in God think that it is only an illusion. be that the devil should tempt the chilthe reason for Some faiths are based on the belief that dren of men,..."That is a necessary

there is no sin—that it is only an idea situation in our lives. Then we are

in the mind. believe Others in a who transgression told what happened when SIN and EVIL that think perhaps not quite he did occurred. God Because of transgresAdam's

make a perfect job of the creation, and sion, the Lord said: "... cursed shall be

George Q. Morris there are other various ideas advanced the ground for thy sake; in sorrow shalt

it all of the days thy life."of the Council of the Twelve assufferingthe reasonsin the forworld,sin. saysThethe sinatheist,and thou(Moseseat4:23.)of I think should bear we

proves there is no God. in mind that the Lord said for the

It great has satisfaction a been to he curse the land, would of Adam me sake sisters, I sindear brethren and My to look over the Lord's explanation this and he followed by saying, direct willcerely that the pray Lord is sin, me justof there to bring and I want why spirit his to say say I shouldby what to short of in the the you face sentences few sweat shalt thy eat which By thou I lines thinking alongtoday. been had

bread, until shalt thou return the is unto sin explains he in the world. why last tosimilar the brethren two what shalt surely thou out it will think he to enlightening I ground—for us die—for and of. speaking been havehave it of for We taken: thou wast, wast dust thou enable to us the right have understandcollision, butavoided a headon (Ibid., shalt return. dust we unto and thou ing this regarding matter.

it. 4:25.) to close pretty beenhave

I have had in mind a statement of He said to his disciples:

is is this to of paint a very that a seems bornJob: woman "Man Now

the of offences! because world unto Woe picture, full trouble."ofof days, people and not some few do (Job and

it for offences needs that be must but gloomy come;

this, farther at try go to times 14:1.) than I suppose and much we all may to that offence the woe by man whom

have that feeling ourselves. That leads cometh! (Matt. 18:7.) blame Adam for the sins and troubles

to the matter of troubles and evils and that come into their lives. I just want

sins and adversity which have been reThis is a very definite and clear to say here in passing that I hope none ferred to today. I rejoice greatly in the declaration so far as we are concerned of us—no member of this Church

424 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA will speak lightly of Adam, an august is in the world and adversities and evils idleness and indolence; and though the

and glorious personage close to the of various kinds. We can picture the Lord condemns us to death—mortalthrone of God, the father of our race, plight of Adam and Eve. They had death—it is one of the greatest blessings

and identified as Michael, the great been condemned to sorrows, woes, that comes to us here because it is the archangel. We should think of him troubles, and labor and they were cast doorway to immortality, and we can

and speak of him with love and with out from the presence of God, and never attain immortality without dying.

reverence, and not tolerate any other death had been declared to be their So these are all real blessings. We

attitude in our presence. fate. A pathetic picture, indeed. But come to the earth with all these condiThat gloomy picture does look serinow a most important thing happened. tions arranged as they are so that we

ous, and life is serious, but the Lord have to struggle constantly against evil, explains further: struggle to preserve our lives, struggle

is for everything the value—that

needs devil that the be it must And is for us to thing the ofunderstand—thistrueshould of or the children tempt they men, of life that desirable, course is most and

if not for agents untocould themselves; be good. to for our find have no need Wc bitterthey never should have they could

fault these conditions. with Lord The thenot know sweet—(D & C 29:39.)

all for ordained welfare has our them

I as happiness. truth underThe is a clear definite This and statement and

it is stand that simply and feel about literally. I thinkthat accept wc must

in position placed a circumstances Adam

Further, the Lord said, after Adam where by a technical transgression he had transgressed: "And I, the Lord God, could come into mortal life, moving out

said unto mine Only Begotten: Behold, of immortality into these earth condithe man is become as one of us to know tions for his blessing, for the blessing

good and evil;"(Moses 4:28) testifying of the race, without which no immortalthat through his transgression Adam ity and eternal life and exaltation could

had attained a knowledge of good and ever come. And in doing this, also, of

evil which he did not have before. course, his body, taken from the earth,

Then the Father gives further inwas made mortal—an absolute essential.

structions to Adam: Adam and Eve had explained to them There is no salvation or exaltation except

the through possession of a body of the gospel of Jesus Christ. would What spake saying: Lord unto Adam, And the blood. flesh and exreaction? be their Lord When the are children as in conceived thyInasmuch

sin, even so when they begin to grow up, plained this to them, that a redemption In conclusion I want to give this insin conceiveth in their hearts, and they should come through Jesus Christ, the spired declaration by the Prophet Lehi.

taste the bitter, that they may know to prize Only Begotten of the Father, Adam exthe good. (Ibid., 6:55.) claimed: For it must needs be, that there is an opposition in all things. If not so,... rightsin,"in as "conceived could being eousness This pass, not brought to be for of the Blessed because be God, name

neither it, neither wickedness, is holinessI nor that they are only understand of transgression are eyes opened, my my neither misery, bad. good nor Wherefore, sin.in into of the midst the They come I life joy, in this shall again have and and

all things in needs a be must compound it is will sin prevalent, flesh shall in 5:10.) I see theworld where God. (Moses and

one; it hearts, will into theirenter lead but if behold,.. now,. transAnd not had Adam

bitter, "to taste the that they of responsethem the Eve, was may what And gressed fallen, he not would have but he know to prize the good."And then his wife. She would have remained in the garden of

with further emphasis on the matter of Eden. And all things which were created

agency, the Lord says, "... it is given heard all of these things, and was glad, must have remained in the same state in

to them to know good from evil; wheresaying: Were it not for our transgression we which they were after they were created;

fore they are agents unto themselves. never should have had seed, and never and they must have remained forever, and

end. no evil, should the had have and and known good(Ibid., 6:56.)

.. they life. And. eternal would have had no children; joy redemption, of our and

This matter of agency is the very es- (Ibid:, 5:11.) therefore they would have remained in a

sence of our existence. The Lord said state of innocence, having no joy, for they

for misery; no doing no good, knew they Enoch:unto is of the to question the key There

sin. no knew

evil. If as except cannot good, be we we all behold, things in have But been done brethren; they are these the thy Behold

evil, resist evil then and overcome must of all the things. I wisdom him of who knowethworkmanship mine and own hands,

gave unto them their knowledge, in the day be present to be resisted. Adam fell that men might be; and men

I created them; and in the Garden of Eden, So this earth life is set up according are, that they might have joy. (2 Nephi

gave I unto man his agency. (Ibid., 7:32.) to true principles, and these conditions 2:11, 2225.)

that followed the transgression were not,

Also the revelation in the 93rd secin the usual sense, penalties that were The answer to all the problems in the tion of the Doctrine and Covenants inflicted upon us. All these that I have world is the gospel of Jesus Christ,

emphasizes again this matter of agency. named to you that seem to be sad inwhich enables us to overcome all adWe are intelligences, and the Lord says, flictions of punishment, sorrow, and versities, sin, and death, and go back

into fit to the presence in dwell of God in that. trouble the are not end They is in truth that in All sphere independent presence, the through Jesus Lord are blessings. attained a his have it, We itself, act for to placed haswhich God

Christ, our Redeemer. of evil, good and the power all is knowledge also;as intelligence there otherwise

no existence. (D & C 93:30.) to prize the sweet, to become agents I bear this humble witness that this

unto ourselves, the power to obtain reis the Church of Jesus Christ, organized

If we take away their free agency we demption and eternal life. These things by him personally; that President David

nullify the purpose of the existence of had their origin in this transgression. O. McKay is conducting the affairs of

mankind in the world. Satan attempted The Lord has set the earth up so we this Church as the Lord Jess Christ

to do that. have to labor if we are going to live, directs him, and I bear this witness in

By these revelations we see why sin which preserves us from the curse of the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

JUNE 1958 425 as unto a light that shineth in a dark place, more divided year after year instead of until the day dawn, and the day star arise more united because the apostles and hearts: in your in his prophets put Church God whom

first, that this Knowing no prophecy of to faith the unity of bring done were is scripture the interpretaprivate of any tion. away with.

For the prophecy came not in old time by I would like to refer to a few prophthe will of man: but holy men of God spake ecies of the things that are to transpire

as they were moved by the Holy Ghost. before he comes. I quote first from the

(II Peter 1:1921.) third chapter of Malachi, the first verse:

Joseph Smith I believe that the word of prophecy is Behold, I will send my messenger, and he a more sure word than anything else we shall prepare the way before me: and the

a have in this world. Lord, whom ye seek, shall suddenly come

in: delight ye behold, he whom as subject same beside he walked his covenant,shall saith come, hosts. the Lord of (Mai. PROPHET I like the words of the Savior on that to his temple, even the messenger of the disciples on the way to Emmaus when 3:1.)

he said: RichardsLeGrand his messenger, sends he who When fools, and slow of heart to believe Oof the Council of the Twelve could of other than a prophet be he all..that. the prophets spoken. have

will since but he nothing do (Luke God, God 24:25.)

I rejoice, sisters, brothers and my in And then beginning with Moses and revealeththe prophets?his secretAnd if untohe sendshis hisservantsmesthe privilege of this conferattending

the to prepare for his comway the prophets, he showed them how that sengerence with you Brethren with and my swiftly his ing, that to come he may in all testified things they of him. I this stand. love I lovehere on them,

the Saints. temple, we could expect that all the

their of understanding, prophets promises that to he the pertaining opened Then I listened to thought the when we.scriptures. (Ibid., might they understand the the his for preparation coming wouldreport of the of the growth Church, 24:45.) fulfilled direction this of be the under hearts rejoice! your musthow When

these messenger. promises could AndI of visits think to stakes your our and as old of declared the prophets Just fulfilled there except not be a prophwasyour missions and what you your and of in Christ the the coming Meridian et reveal could unto his God whomfamilies are to contributing the growth of signs the that gave and Time would will give mind and and beyond wisdom isof the surely that Church, what we his to castcoming, the accompany even the all of to wisdom accomplish man all forlabor with hearts souls our and lots of for his ing raiment he was when the prophets foretold. have is that for!and pray what we The crucified, so the prophets looked have let refer Briefly, to the promise us is efforts blessingLord the of Saints the latter to the forward days he when his in of interpretation given Daniel by the world.throughout conhe May in of the clouds would heaven, come aldream. Nebuchadnezzar's had He so. totinue do so have the they proclaimed and events called his forgotten ready dream, he and I I in that the few thought moments his that precede coming. would When for soothsayers the wise the and men I like a to here todayhave make would this alearth, here he was he upon was astrologers, of could and none and them a that question wasfew on comments final looking to his forward ways comtell for his sent dream. he Then him I letter in received fewasked a a me in ing he to would when power come Israel, in the took prophet Daniel and of the aweeks from ago nonmcmber reign the children of as among men it said the Lord. that with he up And I visits of one on metChurch my whom of lords, kings King of and Lord and in there a heaven was maketh God who this:in question the was Church. The of should the events something know we the Nebuchadnezzar's and dream known sir, tell"Please, think you why me

'that are to transpire to the prepare way thereof. interpretation Daniel Then of a prophet SmithJoseph God."was for his coming. fall rise told of of the kingthe and him fiftyI for that subject have preached on I like of the prophet the words Amos this latter until of the days world doms Iyears, the the do and more more my said, in he which set of the heaven would up when God is I rejoice. these toheart made make

that a be never dekingdom wouldcomments: will the Surely Lord but do nothing, God to given people, another or but I believe to be the Bible secret the word his his revealeth servants unto of he the stroyedit until forth go it would would become 3:7.) prophets. I believe, (Amos as already has beenGod.

as a great mountain and fill the whole a planstated here today, that had God earth, forever, until and it would stand earth, this he created he Never has. there been a dispensationwhen when

placed man upon it, just as definitely as of God's truth in the earth without a one like the Son of Man would come in any architect ever draws a plan for a prophet at its head except for the brief the clouds of heaven, to the Ancient of building before it is constructed. time that Jesus labored among men and days.

as of head, he stood the I believe he called his the words Isaiah when and given there dominion, and him was And the end as declared us: Paul tells Twelve, that thesaid and Lord all that glory, people, nakingdom, a and

from the beginning. I think it is our tions, and languages, should serve him: his

duty to understand that plan, to study And he gave some, apostles; and some, dominion is an everlasting dominion which

some, and some, evangelists; prophets; and his pass that shall not andit, away, kingdom understand that and might know we

teachers; pastors and 7:14.) shall be destroyed. (Dan. not which creation in the of the Lord purposesthe saints, for of the perfecting the the For

is transpire to yet thisof world and what for of of the ministry, the the edifying work in these the things read do we Why Lord, of Christ, our thebefore coming of Christ: body if to are scriptures not they be meant

of as kings reign rule of and faith,to the all King in Till the and unity come we fulfilled? the the accept can world How

... of of of the God, the knowledge Son lords, prophets as and of the he andLord all believe scriptures these that then and children, henceforth more be That no we declared.have transpire things prophet a can without fro, to carried about and with tossed and I of Apostle believe the the words to of the... Living can God God doctrine, whom of 4:1114.) (Eph. every wind

said thatPeter he when will? reveal his and mind

We have also a more sure word of prophYou only need to look at the world I bear you witness that Joseph Smith ecy; whereunto ye do well that ye take heed, today to know how we are becoming was the messenger sent, that he was

426 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the instrument in the hands of God in terest in carrying the gospel to the naume of scripture that God the Eternal setting up this kingdom. tions of the earth. Father commanded should be written

There is not time to go into details, So I give to my friends this great orand declared that he would bring forth but anyone with a fair mind who will ganization as one of the tangible and join to the stick of Judah, which analyze the organization of this Church evidences that Joseph Smith was a is the Bible, making them one in his and what it is accomplishing and the prophet of God. hands, and one before his eyes.

great order of the priesthood (for every I would like to refer briefly to the How could he do that without a man and every man's son can bear the promise in the fourth chapter of Malaprophet of God to bring forth that priesthood of God and become partners chi: marvelous record and join it to the recwith him in the building of his kingord of Judah? We have that record

dom), could not hope to find anything Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophbefore us. It has been before the world

before the of the great coming and itelse to in years, compare with for one and thirty dreadnow hundred all the world. etful of the Lord: day just is notThere and people organization. such the thousands an by hunand shall turn the heart he of the fathers And

In the olden days they used to liken to the children, and the heart of the children dreds of thousands have borne witness this Church to the German army. You to their fathers, lest I come and smite the that the promise contained in that book

know what happened to that, but the earth with a curse. (Mai. 4:5-6.) has been realized in their behalf in that

Church is still going on. One of our God has manifested unto them the

Presidents of the United States made the Does the world believe this promise? truth of the words of that book.

statement not long ago that the greatAnd if Elijah were to come, to whom In Washington just recently, while est organization in the world for the would he come other than to a prophet holding a missionary meeting, a young development of men and women was of God, since God will do nothing but mother of two children, a new convert the Mormon Church. And one of our he revealeth his secret unto his servants to the Church, was asked to say a few

great writers recently said he considered the prophets? words, and when she stood up, she said,

it the most dynamic church in America.

missionaries I The promised that would Elijah is bear witness me has come. there organization other no know WeWe

read of the Book ask and the Mormon if God of heard something microfilmourlike it in You this world, thoughtful and any

Eternal Father, that he would manifest the ing today. here Elijah Since program will will investigateperson who come it truth of unto the of by the power me there came, a has been sweepto over conclusion; wave that that of and is one I I Holy Ghost. did that. got on down my this in interests of the world genealogy tangible that evidencesthe Joseph Smith knees, I then and read that book, and my

was a prophet of God, that he was the and record keeping such as the world whole soul was illuminated, and I knew that instrument in the hands of our Father has never dreamed of in years before. that book was divine.

in heaven in setting up his kingdom in We have referred to the promise of the the earth. Lord through Malachi (Ibid., 3:1) that This is another tangible evidence that

he would send his messenger to prepare Joseph Smith was a prophet of God and the way before him that he might come one that the world has not yet been suddenly to his temple. How can he able to account for except as the Prophcome to his temple except a temple is et Joseph declared.

built in the earth to prepare for his coming, and build could such a who I In closing leave this you one temple a except of prophet God? thought: told have been that our We

that compare the Now, of with work convert last baptisms year reached nearElijah the of brought keys the great who ly If 32,000. anybody to wants who temple program, then and the of words the truth know out go into would these

Isaiah the to permitted Lord look whom missions interview those and and men the through down of stream time for left have the women teachings who of three years thousand and the saw who their parents this joined and Church, he last days with the of mountain the find that would will they testify that

Lord's established in house the top of their in this membership has Church the mountains exalted and above the literally their lives. changed

hills, all that and nations If we could but take time to go into would flow some of the achievements of the Church unto it and say: One convert put it in words like this:

I I of think the 'When was who when for instance, prowelfare our—take, let ye, us to go and gospel the up Come found... today, and what me I am thosegram. see here Of and come who

of the to of the Lord, the house I I believe cannot I the same man. am are doing, remountainwhat we one wrote man of will of us Jacob; he teach his and God not I do think the thoughts. same docently, all aren't we Mormons?""Why... ways, his will in paths: and walk we not I habits. the have same do not IAnother wrote, "I guess the on (Isa. am 2:3.)

wrong boat."The world begins to see have the same ambitions and desires in

that we have a program the like of You people who are here, and your life,"Membership in this Church will which cannot be found anywhere in parents before you, have been gathered make bad men good and good men this world today. from the nations to come to the house better.

Then we come to our youth program, of the Lord in the top of the mountains. That is what the Lord meant when he

and those who come among us bear witThat could not have transpired without said we were to be born again. So I

ness that there is nothing like it in the a prophet unto whom God could reveal say to you that it is not what people world. We know that is true. his mind and his will and give instrucknow about this Church that holds

Then we come to the great missiontions as to what temples are for; and them out, it is what they do not know

ary program of this Church, and there this all is a part of the work of Elijah. about it, because it is God's eternal

is not anything like it in all this world. This temple standing on this block is truth, and that is another of the tangi-

I tell you, the sacrifices that men and another tangible evidence that Joseph ble evidences that Joseph Smith was a women and their children make to help Smith was a prophet of God. prophet of God. I bear you my solemn

carry this gospel message to every land Let me give you the Book of Mormon. witness that I know it in every fibre of

and every clime must be a most wonderNo man can believe the Bible and bemy being, and I pray God to bless you ful, acceptable thing to our Father in lieve the words of the prophets without all, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.

heaven because he has indicated his inknowing that there is a companion volAmen.

JUNE 1958 427 Saturday Morning session, fold enjoying blessings and advantage of doing hold the many up to it—toApril 5, 1958 that result can the ministry for through an incentive of them it, and I would

the priesthood of God. like to read you a little from the DocIt is a wonderful responsibility to hold trine and Covenants, which sets up that

that priesthood. It is a tremendous opprivilege:

portunity that we have in its administration, not only for the benefit of others For whoso is faithful unto the obtaining who have not understood it and apprethese two priesthoods of which I have spothe their calling magnifying and [mind ciated of you, their the calling |, are magnifying

It isthe Priesthood it,nowbut twentyfourfor our own yearssakes assincewell.I ken,sanctified the Spirit the unto by renewing

first stood at this pulpit and bore my of their bodies.

of the testimony to you. In that time I have They become the sons of Moses and of

had the pleasure of ministering among Aaron and the seed of Abraham, and the

COVENANT theand peopleI have ofbeenthe instakesthe andterritorythe wards,of all church and kingdom, and the elect of God.

the mission fields of Mexico, Canada, Now that means, to become the elect and the United States. I have seen it of God one has to magnify his calling

Antoine R. Ivins effective in the lives of people, and verily in the priesthood.

of the First Council of the Seventy it is, last told night, pearl were a as we also all receive this priestthey And who is great of price the within which reach receive saith the hood Lord; me,

of all who will strive to get it. For he that receiveth my servants receiveth

My beloved brethren and sisters, it is Now the pearl of great price is not me;

almost a frightening situation to face a bound volume. We have one we call And he that receiveth me receiveth my

Father; Pearl of of the Price, course, Great but that that realize obligation the andyou

that receiveth receiveth Father he And my is that the pearl price of not great to interest part.implies I seek an on my all therefore that Father's kingdom; my my I refer. pearl of great price which The faithin that prayers anything and your shall hath unto him. Father be given

is is it? I It opportunity, the I directed saythat the—what be by is may may this to the oath and according And

believe, to earn exaltation in an the to priestSpirit of Father. the belongeth which our covenant Heavenly God

First, I desire to say to Sister Bennion, kingdom of God, which comes to us as hood.

Sister McKay, and Sister Kirkham, that a merciful gift from Christ our Lord. Therefore, all those who receive the priestof this receive oath and covenant hood, are my there others Now, have many who dearly missI loved their husbands and

break, neither Father, he can cannot which gift. privilege of the that earning greattheir that presence today hope and God it be moved. (D & C 84:3340.)

I like pearl to think of great of the sisterswill in the the absence comfort in price as escrow, beingof these wonderful men. is sisters, brethren and that, my

sisters, can only receive and we have been you As told, I am a member by obtained brethrenit—andand theNowblessing that may be

of the First Council of the Seventy, a perhaps we will not know whether or magnifying the calling we have in the group selected to proclaim the restored not we have done it successfully until priesthood. Two hundred and threegospel of Jesus Christ, and I am always the end of our days—by obtaining and thousand men have that opportunity.

exercising offices the and magnifyinginterested in great that that the progress three thousand men, hundred and of Two it priesthood. the means, That is what are makes. Theremovement many of of all live to avail themselves if they

ways of doing it, of course; there are brethren and sisters, the opportunity of the privileges of the Melchizedek Priestmany fields of labor in which we emthe priesthood magnified in the lives of hood, will be able to take from escrow

bark to spread a knowledge of the remen and women, and the exaltation that that pearl of great price which is, in my stored gospel of Jesus Christ. can come about through that exercise. opinion, exaltation in the kingdom of

I have enjoyed the remarks of PresiTo me that is the pearl of great price. God our Heavenly Father.

will retrieved be never from escrow believe there that Clark.dent has It testiprivilege in culminating the The

gives of until us the word God inspiration throughcome into my Iheart last of that fine brother night was commony lived. for a life well mendation a that testimony Jesusand revelation that to take fact able the been he had

Christ is the Son of God, that he has There are many, many men in the his wife and children to the temple in worked out for us the means by which priesthood of God; we were told yesterLos Angeles, to be sealed to his wife and

we can return to the presence of God, day that there are almost 203,000 men have his children sealed to him. In

even in exaltation. in the Melchizedek Priesthood, and many, many meetings which I have atLast night we had a very interesting those men have that opportunity and tended, meetings of elders and their

missionary meeting, and from my point that responsibility. As I have moved wives and of reclaimed members of the

of view, one of the most pleasing feaabout among the stakes and checked in Church, if you will permit that exprestures of it was the very sweet and humrecent years, I have discovered, howsion, the culminating blessing to which ble testimony of a new member of the ever, that there are many people who these brethren have testified is the

Church as to the joys and the satisfachave gone through the formality of privilege of being sealed to their wives tions that have come into his heart after having that blessing bestowed upon and having their children sealed to having found what he called the pearl them who evidently do not appreciate them in the temple of God; and still,

of great price. That comes about beit. I have come to think that the Melnot fifty percent of our people who marcause the priesthood of God has been chizedek Priesthood, perhaps, in certain ry avail themselves of that privilege. All

restored to the earth. The men who sections, is the most unappreciated gift that our Father hath shall be given to

hold that priesthood have the obligation, that we have. In many sections where him who magnifies that calling, and that

which is really a privilege, of carrying I have been there are at least thirty permeans that he shall take his wife to the to the world a knowledge of the plan of cent of the elders who are reported intemple, because we are told also that life and salvation, which through expeactive. Of course, I do not know just men who succeed in fully living up to

rience and observation I can testify is what "inactivity"means, hut certain it all of the privileges and responsibilities really true and effective in the lives of is that when they are reported as such of the Melchizedek Priesthood shall bemen and women who accept it and live they are not striving fully to magnify come gods with the power of eternal init. People who accept that testimony their calling. crease. That is the pearl of great price,

have the privilege of coming into the I like to suggest to those people the brethren and sisters.

428 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Then, why should we not strive, once field he is going to start to work on you our lives, but why cannot we develop we have been offered that privilege, to to convince you of these things."He the courage that it takes to qualify for

magnify it? said, "Brother Ivins, he is not waiting the Spirit of God through exercising the

Now it is our duty, the duty of those to get in the mission field; he is starting priesthood that has been given to us

of us who strive to do it, to help others now."to the very fullest of our ability? Why

to realize the importance of it and then Well, there we are, brethren and siscannot we? That is the great and imgive aid and succor where it is necessary ters. That is just a typical instance of portant problem, it seems to me, brethto strengthen in their determination many men who are willing that their ren and sisters.

these people who have not yet seen fit sons should go out and serve in this I testify to you that priesthood is to qualify for all these blessings. We cause and are hopeful that their sons virile in the lives of men, that it is achave many of them, yes, many of them, will be able to live better lives than they tual, that it has been restored. Bless

and who are they? They are our brothhave. your soul, in one direction, there are

ers, as in steps ordination cases, uncles, cousins, only our our between two and my another occasion, of those as one On I fathers. in Smith. elder chair, elder the Prophet an anour had Joseph and my left I office, fathers said, the "Now, my is its It sisters, insetting brethren here, day, apart asked one and and him

in, next time bring a son you and you its its it in vigor inhis strength could father being help if he and me, and it is to soon, going sure that be be line. in function, purity canPriesthood Melchizedeka unbroken and say why Now

he said, "No."I said, "Well, brother, you can help me."He said, "I will."not we live worthy of it and magnify it?

you have to be careful, because as soon Now, brethren and sisters, we all May God help us to do it, I pray in as this son of yours gets in the mission know that these things are important in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

hearts of mankind but also on the pages true. I am not bound to succeed, but

of history, and he is still the most I am bound to live up to what light I beautiful and attractive personality in have. I stand with a man who is right,

human history. and I stand with him as long as he is

It was Colonel Robert G. Ingersoll right, but I part company with him

who said many years ago: "For the man when he is wrong."I have always reJesus, I have the profoundest admiragarded Abraham Lincoln as our greattion. I gladly pay to him the homage est statesman who exemplified Christian

Jesus Christof my tears; but for Jesus as the Son of ideals in his management of the nation.

God, I will have nothing to do with As intimated by these men, Jesus a REALITY him."stands alone even among the world's

I submit to you, my brethren and sisgreatest like a tall majestic mountain

Alma Sonne ters, that the statement made by Mr. which lifts its form above the hills and

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve Ingersoll is not one whit more unchrisvalleys. There is no one with whom he tian than that made by the minister can be compared. We readily classify

who occupied a Christian pulpit. It is all leaders who have achieved and won

My brethren and sisters, I have been said that when Ingersoll died many of fame in music, in art, in literature, in deeply impressed by the stirring and the preachers in Christendom searched statesmanship, and even in militarism, sublime messages which have come to in their vocabularies for words that sting but we cannot put Jesus with any group.

us during this conference, also by the and bite with which to execrate his History has accounted for most men.

activity of the sixsinging singing, after memory. The intellectual of the choirs—for

instance, century, for It is reported that Napoleon once said, teenth produced aall, is surely part of divine worship.

Someone has said that the best evi- "Is it not amazing that the ambitious Shakespeare, Milton, and many others.

dence of Christ's divinity is Christ himdreams of Alexander the Great, Julius The struggle and desire for freedom in self. Caesar, and Napoleon Bonaparte should the eighteenth century made men like

A few years ago I made some notes vanish into thin air and a Jewish Thomas Jefferson, George Washington, a crucified peasant extend should hand I Franklin, Patrick Henry, Benjamin John headed, Realwhich "Jesus Christ—a across the of history pages and controlity."I Alexander Hamilton, Adams, and others. the had for making two reasons

notes. One was that I had just read an the destinies of the human family?"The wild robber spirit of the east proarticle entitled "Jesus Christ—a Myth,"Some of you will recall that a few duced Alexander the Great. But who,

and the other was the reading of a sumyears ago H. G. Wells, the historian, except the believer, will account for

mary in a Denver newspaper of some was asked to write down the names of Jesus? He came out of a city noted for

sermons delivered on the previous Sunsix characters in world history, who, in ignorance, yet he rose to intellectual day. One of the ministers, according his opinion, had wielded the greatest and spiritual heights. He lived in a

to the report, made the following stateinfluence for good among the children period of hatred and bigotry, yet he ment: "It matters not to me whether of men. Without any pause or hesitapersonified love and goodwill. His

the historical Jesus lived or not so long tion he quickly wrote the name Jesus name and fame have been remembered, as I have access to the philosophy of life of Nazareth. He then remarked: "But and yet he wrote no book to keep alive

which is attributed to him."I am not a Christian. I am a writer of his memory. His gospel of salvation

The protestant minister who made history."He then put down four more was entrusted to a few humble men

this statement, it appears, is willing to names, all of which I have forgotten. whom he trained for three years and

teach Christianity without Christ. By But he ended the list with the name, sent forth to proclaim his truths. These

so doing he removes the greatest and Abraham Lincoln, who presided over men, judged by worldly standards, were strongest incentive to live a Christlike this nation during the crucial days of meek and lowly and without influence life. But Jesus cannot be disposed of the Civil War. in the recognized circles of their day.

in any such flippant and thoughtless It was Lincoln who said: "I am not Discussion of Jesus has filled volumes.

manner. He still lives not only in the bound to win, but I am bound to be His memory is everywhere. He takes a

JUNE 1958 429 place midmost in history and is the character about whom we have heard with men, that he preached his powercentral figure around which events are so much today? This morning we ful Sermon on the Mount to a small

woven. Strangely enough, he is both heard a wonderful and powerful sermon group of friends and associates who

loved and hated. There are people on delivered by President J. Reuben Clark, gathered on a mountainside, that he

earth today who would crucify him the Jr., concerning Christ's resurrection, his performed mighty miracles, that he was

second time were he to come again. last three days on the earth, and the born of the Virgin Mary, that he was

A determined effort was made to blot atonement he wrought out on Calvary. put to death on the cross by his enehim out completely, yet he lives in the There are those who claim to be folmies, that he arose from the grave on

hearts of men and women the world lowers of the Nazarine who deny, the third day after his crucifixion, and over. Many have died for him and ridicule, and endeavor to explain away finally, that he is the Son of God. Morthere are many who would die for him the great miracles connected with his monism also declares that he chose

today if it were necessary. He is slowly ministry among men. To them we say, twelve apostles, that he commissioned

but surely conquering the world. His "Christianity is either history or noththem to preach the gospel of salvation

contemporaries, like Pontius Pilate and ing."To deny Christ's divinity is to which he had taught them, and that like

Herod the Great, would probably have turn one's back on the integrity and him they performed many miracles in been forgotten were it not for their asreliability of many scriptural declarahis name and established his Church sociation and connection with him durtions and to question the revelations of upon the earth.

ing their lives. God. May we always remember him and

What is the position of the Church Mormonism declares that Jesus Christ keep all the commandments which he with respect to this great, outstanding lived upon the earth, that he mingled has given us, I pray in his name. Amen.

preparing the young boys to receive vision and spirit of this. Not long ago

the Aaronic Priesthood. I sat with one of these brethren while

I heard a story the other day that attending a ward teaching convention.

could well be the result of the teaching He said to me, "Bishop, we have not lost of the Primary organization. This conone boy of Aaronic Priesthood age in

cerned a family who came to the bishop our ward in the past five years."And

at tithing settlement time. In the just recently in a ward in the West

group were the father, mother, and a Jordan Stake, a ward Aaronic Priesthood the Aaronic Priesthood number of children. As they came into adviser made a similar statement, "Bishthe bishop's office, he greeted each of op, we have lost only one boy in six

seated, years."them, they were all and when Then Its POWERS said, the bishop being in have "I assume you my ownI recallwardat andChristmashearingtimemy

to talk to tithing bishop your "This say to me, morning own me about like to exforty-eight each and BLESSINGS comeand that holding the out of boys would you press your wishes concerning your own Aaronic Priesthood in our ward, fortytithing account. Shall we start with four were present at priesthood meeting,

Carl W. Buehner little Johnny on the end of the line? three had good excuses, and out of the

of the Presiding Bishopric Johnny, would you like to come forforty-eight, only one is a problem boy."

ward and settle your tithing?"To this I imagine when all of the big guns are

Johnny replied, "Yes,"and he reached centered on that one boy, he will suclittle It in his pocket, for easier will too. brought out a be cumb, him worn

it I great a esteem brothers honor, my it all to after to purse, in to fumbling church endure than and around come sisters, in toand presence be your and little nickels, while, will a a to pressure dime, that found the put be two on himto bear of testimony you humble my pennies. activity. into or these three bring put back two and him He of this I divinitythe great work. As

I said, bishop's believer great a the desk "Bishop, always and on been have into faces this large oflook the audience is I full."in this tithing in to bishop be our men. happy young The my am allof leaders parts of gathered the from

I a congratulated out associated appreciate wrote with them, and Johnny, him fully of theChurch, aware tremendous it it receipt, to that are indicated keep on us help doing was what you Iactivity feel in going the Church, on it full, in to tithing active in gave him. the of every Reand Church. one them say, blessto one."every you "God

sister, seat, his to very turning proudcharming Janet Frame Johnny A I Last enThursday, and Wednesday is ly to receipt his chairfather displayed the the whose husband Mecham, of the attending parjoyed honor and settle said, yours, of Priesthood and Aaronic the commit- "Dad, you when man inticipating sessions a of of the number

I it, will stakes, of in get says tee that the one observing our hope you one on Ioutstanding conference. Primary

full.'"in activities as 'Paid of her he went husband realization, to a ever thancame more

to assigned him, the about wrote work stories this as Faithpromoting suchbefore, of influence the of marvelous these sisters on the lives of our children. indicate to me that someone is providing the following lines:

children a desire to keep the our withI like to wholeheartedly comwould Let's Accelerate in FiftyEight of principles the gospel. for are they the fine work themmend

doing and assure them that they have I feel honored and very grateful that In fiftyeight let's cooperate the love and blessing of each of us. I have been found worthy to be one of To accomplish what we designate.

we'll accentuate record Our to selected preside are Aaronic over the teachthose other things, they Among

As each member we will stimulate. this in of in Priesthooding of Faith growing the Articles language Church

the children can understand. This after ours. I sincerely hope that the Lord will In the plan we want to instigate,

all is the very heart of the gospel. They assist us in our objective of saving every Let's not one of us procrastinate.

are also conducting departments which boy who comes under our direction. But each thing we shall inaugurate,

are providing a great stimulation in Some of the bishops are catching the Let's unanimously corroborate.

430 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA There are methods we'll incorporate, a few familiar lines from Benjamin I would like to say to the seventy or

And others we must perpetuate. Franklin's Almanac: eighty thousand other bearers of the

But some we cannot tolerate Aaronic Priesthood who are men, now

As we keep our plans right upto-date. For the want of a nail, the shoe was lost. likely heads of families, I wish that to

lost. of shoe, the the the horse was For want blessing too, that could you, the come dedicateLet our time here each one lost. rider horse, of the the the For was want of active bearer every to the comes leaders delegate, our jobTo each lost. rider, of battle the the the For was want like to Priesthood. you Aaronic I would efforts concentrate unitedly ourAnd battle, loss of the the the For kingdom was

So each priesthood bearer will participate. lost, know that you are invited to come into

And all because of a nail. our chapels. There have been many

Joy and blessings forever compensate who have said, "I have been away so

For the work and plans we consummate. This senior member paraphrased these long, I think I am not wanted."You

are stakes couldThere we are never you much know how impersonate, few lines, and this is what he said: will

evaluate. shouldBut each one we never wanted, know how and you will

of activity, lost. love the the For want was it too. you, will do The good much best the each fromTake and contemplate

lost. love, of the service the For want was you, also need but needs you Church we'll their accelerate methodsHow lost. service, the faith of the For want was you, needs family Church. Your will reverberate record ourSo

faith, of the the For repentance was the want fiftyeight. priesthood, the theThrough in nineteen Church magnifying as a man lost.

For the want of repentance, the salvation to stand at the head of your home.

I am sure her husband could not have was lost. I have heard a few verses of poetry

produced such a masterpiece. For the loss of salvation, a place in God's quoted that have a line which goes

concern does not problem Our us so And kingdomall becausewasof lost.the want of activity. yoursomethingfootstepslikeallthis,the "Andway."I Wouldstepped wein the twentyone boys with undermuch

since their records are improving each be proud if our boys stepped in our if to elaborate not I do have time footsteps on all the way? we We would are over twentythoseyear but with who

but that I think enthe priesthood and had a great magnifying were man slipped this, years the have throughone who thought. blessings joying the that come to us desiginactivity.into brethren These we

is It participation. faithful Priesthood? the Aaronic What through as senior of the Aaronicnate members

is that has to delegated a power been I thesePriesthood. not do when know

it great that in blessings has and man I all us, got from butbrethren away do know that we now have the greatest great opportunities to serve. The Aaronic

after Priesthood a devoted was named bringprogram have them ever had to we

Aaron, of the brother and faithful man, of this great appreciation toback an to Moses, a Moses as was given who called thepower priesthood—Aaronic since, scriptures reas the spokesmanPriesthood. Last year some three hundred and fifty schools for senior memcord, Moses was slow of speech. It was

bers of the Aaronic Priesthood were held by the power of the Aaronic Priesthood in the Church. From these schools that John the Baptist came crying in

the of wilderness told one coming and for result good. a tremendouscame

greater mightier was than and he I who their testimonies bearhave heard men great miracles. perform and would who their cheeks, tears dripping fromwith

It this of priestby the power was same of reactivation forgrateful the program and that someone has gone out of his hood that the Savior of the world was in the baptized River by Jordan John to around put his them and armway

Baptist. this the the It was same John of intoinvite the activities back them

like Baptist of to say that Peter, direction the In conclusion I would under who program. priesthoodthe

it said that restored someone been reported and the has Aaronic James, John

Brethren, we have some eighty thouPriesthood to Joseph Smith and Oliver a dirtroad traveler traveling along the sand men like this. I hope through the Cowdery. After his ascension, Joseph highway saw a sign that read, "You had

united effort of all of the organizations Smith and Oliver Cowdery, by the aubetter pick your rut now because you are that can make a contribution that we thority of the Aaronic Priesthood that going to be in it for the next twenty will have success in bringing back into had come to them, baptized each other miles."There is nothing that says you

activity most of these men who are dein the Susquehanna River. It is the are going to be in it for the rest of your

priving themselves of the blessings of power by which the emblems of the life, and while most of us may detour a

Father, they becauseour Heavenly trouble, get in be are administered are Sacrament and each may Sunwe little—we the enjoying not inside outside andnow little for does not of a given in a rut and the day to the members while—it magnifyingblessings from which come rut in get out of the cannot and of the broken Church remembrance mean we

the priesthood that they bear. body and the spilt blood of the Savior get on a good, hard highway and make

Recently, a sister who is the wife of of the world. up for the years we were in the rut by

one of these brethren said among other It is the power by which young men getting on that road that leads us to things while addressing a session of are designated as ward teachers to go life eternal.

quarterly conference, "All I want for with their senior companions into the I bear you my testimony, my brethren

Christmas is a temple marriage."Her homes of members of the Church to of the Aaronic Priesthood, that if you

husband sitting in front of her heard preach, teach, expound, and the other will magnify that priesthood and work this request. I would like eighty thouthings spoken of in the Doctrine and for its great blessings, even greater blesssand other women to challenge their Covenants. It is also the power by ings will come to you and then one day

husbands to prepare their lives so that which a young boy twelve years of age will come to pass that which this one there can be eighty thousand temple comes to your door and offers you a sister asked for, "All I want for Christmarriages of this same type. We would blessing by inviting you to make a conmas is a temple marriage."

strengthen the activity in this Church as tribution to the fast offering funds of May it come to each of us, and may we have never seen it before. the Church. It is a great honor to be we find joy in assisting these brethren

Responding to an assignment to give a bearer of the Aaronic Priesthood and back into activity in the Church, I pray a talk, a senior member of the Aaronic to magnify that power which has come humbly in the name of Jesus Christ.

Priesthood in the Portland Stake quoted through being so honored. Amen.

JUNE 1958 431 what against. We could just talk and open today. It is a glorious thought—this

our minds, and tell our doubts, and swap message of Easter and the resurrection.

of hearts others that never our longings the in lesson: other the As met Now, we

of. to try master not heard would me He in final the Aswere services—we I the feel I was. small nor make how me for Brother E. and Hall sembly Thomas things to ask and dare him know would

that he felt awkward about them, too. We Brother Oscar, and here in this Taberwould talk of men a lot, the kind they nacle for Brother Bennion—we were all

call the great, and I would not find him touched. Our hearts were mellowed.

of compassion. Brethren were full... TheyWe lay scornful. that spirit the is not agency and sisters,

this as I I feel that morning way better this have that world is going to make espethese Brethren, and about our COATS thought of the for the second coming prepared all sympathetic and Savior? were We away ciallywhom aboutI learnedBrotherto admireThomassoE.much.McKay, of in those sorrow with no thoughtful

Now, the message, briefly, is this, my unkindness in our hearts. To me that

Clifford E. Young brethren and sisters: These, our assois one of the purposes of death. We

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve ciates, of whom we have heard, whom do not understand all of its purposes, we all learned to appreciate because of but there is a refining element, a healing

My brethren and sisters, you will their devotion to the Church—and they balm that comes from the sorrow incireadily understand that in the interest were devoted men—I have known them dent to the passing of those we love.

of time I can only bear my witness to for many years and had their help I want to read these lines from the truth of the messages we have rewhen I was working in stake organizaCatherine Marshall, who wrote so feelceived thus far in this conference. As tions; in the MIA, the help of Brother ingly after her husband's passing. Peter

I have listened this morning, I have Oscar A. Kirkham; Brother Adam S. Marshall had been Chaplain of the US

been profoundly impressed. I think that Bennion visiting us as a member of the Senate and was widely known for his

it would be a good thing for all of us, general Sunday School board; and then faith and integrity.

after listening to President Clark, if we our association with Brother Thomas E.

first I the time understood the For why years. for past seventeen these McKay the familiarcould with manual become

fire, refiner's as of love a speaks God's learned, their passing In have we ofthat the brethren our Melchizedek us not consume. clean does but burns I whichBible

I just will mentwo year. this are As usingPriesthood you think, lessons—and like a flame parting of burning was pain The

is this: As one tion them. we The first arc usingdoubtless Lord know, Our we refining cleansing, in heart, but a it was myof the Gospels, that splendid book think of tomorrow, Easter Sunday—the action, consuming the dross and leaving the

Brother Clark has given to us after Savior died on the cross, but that was imperishable part of me intact and stronger laid end. his body than the not ever before. (From A Man Called He merely of careful study. yearsyears and We

Peter.) infirmities. of its to be healed down readers. opBibleare not is an Here

portunity for us in our homes to become It was the cloak that covered his spirit. Is not that what these experiences do

such, and I would like to recommend That is precisely what we will do. Durfor all of us? And it is true whenever

that his three days body those ing onto ofthat a called mourning. are house lay we families—not

tells Peter in the he was active. tomb is said, "It to better all the members,ly the go to the Lord The thepriesthood—butmembers of the

become familiar with this monumental us: house of mourning, than to go to the

. reading the Melchizedek.."(Ecc. by 7:2.)work He

affliction, At firstPriesthood manual. death and it may sins,For theChristjust foralsothehathunjust,oncethatsufferedhe mightfor knewhouse whatof feasting:sorrow,

appear to be somewhat complicated and bring us to God, being put to death in the would do for his children, and we know involved, but it is not. It is beautiful flesh, but quickened by the Spirit. from experience what they do for us.

because of its simplicity, and I am sure By which also he went and preached unto You multiply that attitude of symall will so regard it if they read it. the spirits in prison, pathy and thoughtfulness throughout

disobedient, were sometime when Which in or it is two make a comment Now, to no one is immune; world—and of in longsufrering the the waited the once God said with has been on what toharmony everyone an experience vouchsafed is, eight few, that wherein days of Noah,

this occasion: We are celebrating Easter. souls were saved by water. (I Peter 3:1820.) and you will comprehend the saving

It is a time when our hearts are turned grace that lies in sorrow, anguish, and to our fathers, to our children, to those Here Jesus was again teaching them. affliction. The Lord knew what it

whom we love who have passed to the How beautifully that harmonizes with would mean to his children; how such

other side. I have thought a lot about the message of hope that Brother Clark would rekindle in the hearts of men

my colleague, Brother Thomas E. Mchas given us. love, sympathy, and greater compassion

Kay, by whom I have sat for seventeen Of course, we have to repent and and thoughtfulness toward one another.

years. I had a deep affection for him make amends, but there is this message Paul wrote of Jesus, "Though he were

and he for me. We understood each of hope because God wants to save his a Son, yet learned he obedience by the

other. This understanding of which children. And so we lay our bodies things which he suffered."(Heb. 5:8.)

I speak is impressively expressed in the down. The Savior laid his down, but Obedience of mind and of soul! We

Letters of Franklin K. Lane published he was active and busy, and then in learn obedience of the soul, and we

after his death. He was the Secretary three days he took it up, a body of flesh learn to harmonize our thinking and

of the Interior under Wcodrow Wilson, and bones. It doubtless was not entirely our feelings with all that is good because

and a man from the West. He was ill healed. The scars were still there. He of these blessings, and then with these

in the Mayo Hospital. It was his last showed them to the doubting disciples. blessings there comes a glorious blessing

illness. He wrote his memoirs, or Let- "... handle me, and see;"he said, "for of a reuniting as there came the glorious

ters, and as he concluded he wrote the a spirit hath not flesh and bone; as ye blessing of the Savior coming back to

following the day he died: see me have."(Luke 24:39.) his disciples as a living reality—the

And so we lay our coats away. These Resurrected Lord.

in that heart's content for But my rethis laid theirs love new Brethren has and you been have And to we me whom

I I loaf Linrather with thinkland, would this spirits. their in affirmed are through but the away, not Prophet day They

I river I could bank. acoln along know

for side. grateare that say the other I dare Joseph, which humbly active on we to learn not have him. I wouldunderstand

who were his friends and who his enemies, they know this day what we are doing, ful to our Heavenly Father. In the

what theories he was committed to, and and they may be near us as we meet name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

432 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA beloved man. He was good to be with. ness will never be forgotten. Although

I loved him. My life has been enriched we felt especially close to members of

through my association with Thomas the Church, we were impressed with the

E. McKay. fact that people everywhere are essenAs an MIA worker I was stimulated tially good. They long for peace. They

and inspired as a boy, and later as a love their families and seek to improve stake superintendent of the YMMIA by themselves and raise their standards of

Brother Oscar A. Kirkham. He had the living. I came back with a greater love

power to inspire youth and their leaders for all of God's children—for he has

to noble achievement. I loved him as he truly "made of one blood all nations."

loved the youth of the Church. So, my brothers and sisters, as I travel

God bless the memory of these three about the world, it is a glorious thing to of ONE BLOOD noble souls whom we miss so much tonote how the Church is growing and day. The world is a better place to live increasing. One very fine leader of a

all nations because they lived in it. I hope to live foreign state, when I asked him if there

worthy to meet them in the eternal were any Mormons in his particular world. capital city, said: "Mr. Secretary, I have

I sisters, I brethren love deal, great and the traveled a and have My comeEzra Benson Taft it. pertains that to and Church that are everybelieve It to the Mormons

Councilof the last I in the of the Twelve has been I go, find few where. them."my allpleasure Wherever

years to mingle with many people in His statement called to mind an incident and out of the Church. I am very when we first moved to Washington,

My brethren and sisters and friends, grateful for the spirit of brotherhood back in 1939 or 1940. I had gone

seen and unseen: I am grateful beyond and fellowship which we find in the to my office early to get some work

my power of expression for the blessings Church. This spirit is a somewhat indone before the telephones started ringof this conference. I have in my pocket tangible thing. It is difficult to deing. I had just seated myself at the

it is scribe. the But rang. desk I telephone The when perfectlya which manuscript good

feel to have at the other You end said, "I wouldfeel real—powerful—sweet.it to appreciate it. man impressed not to impose upon you

today. There is something in my heart Recently with my wife, two daughters, like to have lunch with you today. I

I should like to say in the few moments and members of my staff, I made a world am a stranger to you, but I have,- someremaining in this meeting. trade trip which took me into fourteen thing that is very urgent."I consented

Like some of my Brethren who have countries. In most of these countries reluctantly, and a few hours later we

referred to the recent passing of our I was very proud and happy to meet faced each other across a luncheon table three beloved associates, I, too, miss members of the Church. They were at at a downtown hotel.

them deeply. It may come as somewhat the airports to welcome us and bid us He said, "I suppose you wonder why

of a surprise to some when I say that farewell as we departed. Several groups I have invited you here."Then he

Brother Adam S. Bennion, who was came to the embassies to sec us. added: "Last week as I came out of a

older than he appeared, was my teacher. In faroff Japan it was a joy to join luncheon meeting in Chicago, I told

I am probably younger than I appear, with some four hundred Japanese memsome of my business associates that I but Brother Bennion was one of the bers of the Church in a Sunday morning had been given the responsibility of truly great teachers who have touched service. We rejoiced to have the privicoming down to Washington, D. C, to

my life. lege to meet with our Mormon serviceestablish an office and employ a man

For a term at the Alpine summer men, some of whom had traveled a to represent our corporation."Then he

school, of Brigham Young University, thousand miles to attend meetings on listed some of the assets in his great

I was fortunate enough to sit at the the Sabbath day. I will long remember business organization. He said, "I befeet of Adam S. Bennion in a course that the meeting with the Saints in Hong gan telling my associates of the kind

I would like to representI shall. never forget—a course in biogKong, some of them refugees from Red of young man

raphy. I remember the term paper China, and the spirit present as I met us in this office in Washington. First

which he assigned to us. It caused us with local and fulltime missionaries, of all, I said to my associates, I wanted

to turn the searchlight on our own lives. and sningled with the Saints. We met a man of sterling character. You know,

The subject was "Why I Am What I with groups of the Saints in Turkey, where there isn't character there isn't

Am."Under his stimulating direction in Greece, in Spain, in France, in Engmuch that is worth while. I would like

that group of students searched their land. Yes, even in the country of Jor- a man who is honest, a man of real

souls for the influences that had come dan we met a family or two of the integrity, a man who lives a clean life, into their lives, the examples that had Saints in a Union Sunday School, a who is clean morally, who, if married, been set them, the temptations that had Christian Sunday School attended by is a devoted husband, and who, if uncrossed their paths, and the influences of many fine people of various faiths. I married, is not chasing lewd women."

the Church and of good men and had the glorious privilege of addressing He said, "I would like a man who women. I still have that term paper; the group, and I was very pleased to doesn't drink, and if possible I would

I am grateful to Brother Bennion that he find in the leadership of the Sunday prefer to get a man who doesn't even turned my thoughts inward and made School a member of the Church living smoke. One of my business associates

me analyze my own life and the influthe gospel, promoting the kingdom spoke up and said, 'Well, what you want ences which had affected the life of a through example and through word of is a returned Mormon missionary.'I

young man up to that time. I am gratemouth. had heard of your Church,"he said. "In

ful for the contribution which he made I had many pleasant gospel confact, I recall two young men in dark as one of the great teachers of the versations. Good people—heads of suits calling at our home some months

Church. My life has been enriched. He states and other high officials in India, ago. As I rode down here on the train

helped inspire me to seek the good Pakistan, Jordan, Israel, Italy, Portugal, last night, I decided that maybe a rethings which I enjoy. and other countries showed sincere inturned Mormon missionary was exactly

I had the glorious privilege of travelterest in the Church and its people. what I needed. Why not? So as I

ing to stake conferences with Brother Much Church literature has been mailed registered at the hotel here last night I

Thomas E. McKay. I think I never to newfound, good friends around the said to the man at the desk, 'Are there

met a sweeter, more humble, and more world. Their hospitality and friendliany Mormons in Washington?'And

JUNE 1958 4 nn the man at the desk said, 'I don't know, Joseph, are in very deed the truths of Joseph, in the Sacred Grove in 1820.

I suppose there are. They seem to be heaven. These truths will always be This was the most glorious manifestaeverywhere. But Mr. Bush, the manconsistent with the discovery of any new tion of God the Father and the Son of

ager, is here, and I'll ask him.'He truths, whether discovered in the laborawhich we have record. It is, no doubt,

asked Mr. Bush and gave me your name. tory, through research of the scientist, the most glorious and most important

Now that is why I have invited you or whether revealed from heaven event that has transpired in this world here. Can you give me the names of through prophets of God. Time is alsince the resurrection of the Master.

three or four young men who meet the ways on the side of truth. It is of worldwide significance.

standards which I have just outlined?"I am grateful for this assurance. I I testify to you, my brethren and

Well, of course it was not difficult am grateful for the knowledge which I sisters and friends, that Joseph Smith to give him the names of three or four have regarding the purpose of life, rewas and is a Prophet of the Living God, or a dozen who fully met the standards garding the meaning of life, regarding an instrument in the hands of God in he outlined. I mention this, my breththe truths of the restored gospel. At revealing to earth again the truths of

ren and sisters and friends, because in this Easter season I would like to join the everlasting gospel, in bringing back the Church we have certain standards, my testimony to the testimonies of my the priesthood, the authority to act in standards of living, standards of moralBrethren which have already been God's name.

ity, standards of character which are borne, and those that will be borne in I am grateful for the privilege of livcoming to be well known to the world. the remaining sessions of this confering in this day when the gospel is again

These standards are admired. People ence. upon the earth in its purity, in its fulwith such standards are sought after. In a world filled with doubt I am ness, and that we are permitted to enjoy

These standards are based upon true, grateful for the knowledge which I the fruits of the gospel through membereternal principles. They are eternal have that God lives, that Jesus is in ship in the Church and kingdom of

verities. very deed the Redeemer of the world, God. This is the Church of Jesus

In the Church we have no fear that the Savior of mankind; that that beautiChrist. He stands at its head. We

any future discovery of new truths will ful story which President Clark related serve him in striving to build up his—withever be anyin conflictfundamentalwith thesebasic standardsprinciple hereaccountthisof morningthe crucifixionis in veryand thedeedresurthe kingdom,of truth throughoutand in promotingall the world.the cause

which we advocate in the gospel. Truth rection of Jesus the Christ, the ReGod bless us, my brethren and sisis always consistent. This fact gives to deemer of mankind. I am humbly ters, and hasten the day when the gosus, as members of the Church, a feeling grateful for the knowledge that I have pel will touch the lives and the hearts

of great security, a feeling of peace, a that God the Father and his Son, Jesus of all God's children in all lands, that feeling of assurance. We know beyond Christ, as glorified beings have again they too may know of the sweets of

any question that the truths which we come to this earth in our day, in this the gospel, and the blessing of a testiadvocate, the truths of the gospel redispensation; that they did in very deed mony of the truth, I humbly pray in

stored to the earth through the Prophet appear unto the boy prophet, the boy the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Saturday Afternoon session, these eternal truths give to us. The standing in their generation! So today

April 5, 1958 leaders of the Church from the beginwe view with the just pride of accomning have pursued a consistent course plishment the work of all our auxiliary in endeavoring to give life to these organizations.

truths. We can be justly proud of our Sisters who are actively engaged in

accomplishments in seeking to educate Relief Society work and who have been our youth in the eternal principles of blessed by it, are the ones who take the the gospel. little children to Primary when they

As early as 1832 in Kirtland the Lord are six years of age. They encourage

directed his people to establish the them to follow through and to graduCHURCH schoolin part:of the prophets. The Lord said atepreparedfrom Primary.and qualifiedThe boysto enterare thereinto

the Aaronic Priesthood the and receive... estabthe of the prophets, school

blessings thereto, powers incident and for their EDUCATION lished instruction in all things that are expedient for them, even for all the young girls, with the young boys,

Henry D. Moyle the officers of the church, or in other words to pursue their weektime Church acof the Council of the Ttvelve church,those whobeginningare calledat tothethehighministrypriests,ineventhe tivitiessociations.in the Mutual Improvement Asdown to the deacons—(D & C 88:127.) These same Relief Society sisters are

Heber J. Grant once said at Brigham From the day of the establishment of the mothers who uniformly throughout

Young University: the school of the prophets and later the the Church take their families to Sunday

"This Church is founded upon the school of the elders until now, we have School where parents and children, the statement 'the glory of God is intellinever stood still. entire family, join in studying the pringence.'In addition to that, in this The organization of the Relief Society ciples of the gospel and worship God

school we are seeking to implant in the is nearly as old as the Church. What on the Sabbath day.

hearts of the young men and women wisdom and foresight inspired our leadHow grateful we all are for our paran absolute testimony of Jesus Christ ers to educate and train our women for ents whose kindly insistence and perand of the restitution again to the earth the responsibilities of motherhood, to suasion gave us the benefits of all these of the plan of salvation."develop their minds and qualify themgreat organizations. Thus we had inMen cannot be saved in ignorance. selves to teach their children and instilled in our hearts the love of the reWhat a glorious understanding of life spire them to gain wisdom and understored gospel of Jesus Christ.

434 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA All our activities in the Church tend parents and students that accomplishes The Prophet further said:

to develop our minds and increase our our full purpose.

is to a destined This the work bring about understandings. are In all our work we children are entitled as a matter Our destruction of the of darkness, powers the called speak, upon We right of patience, to our encouragement, of renovation the earth, glory the of God

sing, in his indiwe own perseverance. Likely of the salvation we pray—eachto participate. no people have and family. the human

vidual right entitled to take part in received such a challenge as is ours.

every appropriate activity. The Lord has said: John Taylor once said:

that understand cannot be man We alive to of in cause the be... want We in ignorance. saved again, as chilparents inasmuch have And

.. of education. instead as doing And

in or in Zion, of stakes dren her any which great cannot of overlook the the of take world. do, the work works many We

are organized, that to teach not unthem is is to to try there that prove God God, in no priestaccomplished which our of derstand the faith doctrine repentance, to prove that God's want we he works by is hood every quorums, where man in of the Christ living the Son God, and exist, lives does that rules he holds and and to his keeper, brother's taught be where of gift of the baptism the and Holy Ghost it us, as in of the his were, hand. hollow exists necessity for the to us the know laying the of the by eight hands, on when also to the study then prinwant we And

gospel, fulfilling to of capable be old the sin years of be the our heads upon ciples of education, to the get best very and parents. the in responsibilities finally the priesthood, teachers to see children; teach our can we

this shall a inthe For be unto law field to into the mission go to prepared that are they fear and men who women of in habitants or of stakes her Zion any... deliver his light of the truth keep message Let and God and commandments.

are organized. which others fear their course; take not is to who the God world. This our crowning

also they shall their children teach And it is for in train to but us children our up achievement. to to pray uprightly before the and walk fear of the will responsius God. hold God

68:2526, Lord. are 28.) sacred meetings Sacrament (D Our & C... for trust. ble this

gatherings where we partake of the SacYou will see the day that Zion will be far rament of the Lord's Supper and meet The Unified Church School System ahead of the outside world in everything thus to renew our covenants and to can play a great part in helping us fulpertaining to learning of every kind as we worship God. Here we are likewise infil our duty to our children. It is in are today in regard to religious matters.

spired to learn. It is in these gatherings, our weekday schoolwork, whether it be You mark my words, and write them down,

if see they to pass. and not do come We institute, college, seminary, or universpirit their rich with of the outpouring

are not.dependent are but them, upon we sity, that can in large measure we make of of the Lord, that learn the some we the priestget did not Lord. upon our We all deficiency in the other up for greatest of truths gospel the the from our nor in achood information to his regard

lips of our inspired ward and stake tivities, a wonderful systematic presenlaw from them. It came from God....

leaders. In our quarterly conferences, tation of religion, our own and other (The Gospel Kingdom, pages 274-5.)

which are intended for all, the instrucreligions as well. We believe it importions of the General Authorities of the tant to know the history of religion Heber J. Grant stated:

Church are received. generally, the origin, purpose, and pracThere is one thing, and only one thing

Now the experience of one hundred tice of the religions of the world with that church schools should do, and that and thirty years has taught us that which we are surrounded and with is to make Latterday Saints.

over and above and beyond all these which we come in contact throughout opportunities for learning, unexcelled life. We believe1 the greater, the more We are prepared to take care of the

as they are, there is a need for a general our knowledge is, the freer we religious training of every Latterday more intensive, detailed study of the become and the more intelligent the use Saint boy and girl who lives within the

Church. Born of these needs of the we make of our free agency. areas where seminaries, institutes, colpast is our present Unified Church We are called upon daily to judge, to leges, and universities of the Church

instituted. been There are few for ourselves decide, to determine the have System. School speak I can with feelplaces if any stakes within the organized that problems arise in our of for innumerable appreciation a deep sense ing and

what the Church schools did for me. lives and the lives of our families and of Zion that need be without appropriate religious training their families I every Latterday wish Saint boy and friends.

desire. so if they constantly Wefor are girl glorious the experience. same are familiar The basic prinwith the If we

institutes. expanding seminaries our and spirit of schools our is conciples Church of gospel, the decisions our are

are confident as General AuthoriWe is It tagious. to part a be wonderful far likely to be more based truth on

ties of the that pretty have Church we all of a student teachers body where error. rather than

well part our within the limits done of alike to students their are dedicated and the See Teachings Prophet of Joseph current income. our like ideals, ambitions, with work and Smith: realize the economic waste when We life, fulof to understanding determined

all not participate. as this Serious do fil life's destinies fullest extent, to the of cause is one The cause, God common

is, it spircannot with our be compared the alike Saints in reigns, in are all interested; confidence another which where one

-a brotherhood of man recognizing the we are all members of the one common itual loss. Measured by any conceivable

Fatherhood of God, an atmosphere of body, and all partake of the same spirit, standard, graduates of our seminaries institutes are are into baptized better qualified and to and baptism one and righteousness virtue trust and where alike possess glorious the hope. all life's same The of meet those problems than abide. confidence and

of of the cause the advancement and God absented have themselves who from "If the charnot is do comprehend of building as men up one Zion man's much these opportunities. of these Some

as business acter another's. difference they only not do The of God, comprehend I to specially problems refer are: which

is is fulfil to that called duty, one one and F. themselves."Smith.) (Joseph

if another another duty; "but one member 1—Schoolwork it part, the said that For be can most suffers, all it, the suffer study with members and 2—Professional instituattend those our Church who if is all rest rethe one honored, member military service 3—Compulsory tions learning of inspired to have been it, joice the eye to with and say the cannot employment 4—Competitive I ear, result so as of training of a thee, do the have need no the nor and head and forlabors—stake 5—Missionary I foot to the of thee;"party no have need in inspiration received they the Primary eign

feelings, interests, separate exclusive deSchool Mutuals, enand and Sunday lost signs sight 6—Marriage should of in be the one

in trained the couraged mothers by Rein interest cause, of the the whole. 7—Parenthood common

lief Society and fathers active in the (Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, 8—Politics

priesthood. It is the cooperation of page 231.) 9—Church

JUNE 1958 435 Better take an extra year of high in the Church school system depends With the knowledge of our destiny school than miss such an essential basic upon and our purpose on earth, we readily preparation for our life's work. 1—Personal qualities, including attiunderstand the great emphasis placed

Every returned missionary realizes the tude toward and adherence to the prinby the Church on the education of our of youth. of the ciples teachings Church and school educaof aimportance Church

for those It argument should no need Saints. Latterday of Christ Jesus first missionstion. go on Those who

faith to in the are grounded of us teacher. as who a to desire a 2—Worth withinvariably come home great eduthe hesitancy without accept scholarship compeand their in 3—Academic academiclearn both more,

prepared, prescribed, cational program distinction. degrees tence, and gospel. year Last of thestudies and

for people by available our in and made competence and missionaries 4—Achievement returned 1300 over hadwe First Presidency leaders. great investiour The philosophic scientific research, large University andat Brigham Young

of Unified Church at our the head stand artistic other or production, gation, institutes at in registered ournumbers enthey could System..School endeavors. professional How seats learning. of greatother

to accept do us they than courage more to service and comChurch 5—Public presidents student the of body Each for prepare they utilize that which and munity.

for the Universityat Young Brigham us?

past six years has been a returned misTo assist in building up our Unified Again the Lord has said:

sionary. Church School System we have organOur seminary attendance has inized district, stake, and ward education And whatsoever they shall speak when

creased 26.6 percent in four years. committees: moved upon by the Holy Ghost shall be

shall of the Lord, will shall the be all scripture, during contact the summer dividetail. 1—To important Our Another the shall word of be the Lord, the mind be age college school of students high and in educational religion of oursion Lord, the of voice the shall be of Lord, the to enroll in seminpersuade them and train to and organized been hassystem salvation. of unto the power God and

institutes. aries and of is school, the Lord the promise In this missionaries. one stake direct Behold,out of a student body of 400 nonmem- 2—To act as a transportation commitunto you, O ye my servants. {Ibid., 68:4-5.)

bers, 60 were converted and baptized in tee to create ward transportation pools a year. to transport students from home to Great strength is given us by the

all to classes; encourage seminary of the inspiration have stuknowledge we some be some problems, There may

into to enter from dents away home leaders. our which directs in eninconveniences obstacles, some

to in participation the Church; is the training religious attend active register for and to deavoring A weekday

president names or branch give bishop daily regularly. classes These institute for us all. established ideal andseminary

his area. into all students of moving inspiring our toward in life classes It for which do we are is the things much

places Stake, some and in to are generally upward and follow to that onward to struggle district, youthcompelled regularly to meet are organized that far beyond run. boards in the long an education to us obtain the mostworth

personnel and institute with seminary be expected system educational they might otherwise of our whichThe fruits can be observed in the lives and acto attain.

officers with stake Acquaint ward and graduates of from our complishments in effort our other time, other no No syseducational details of the Church schools. institutes, and seminaries, A bless than will us more careers school in the active to be inviting tem, them of a percent 87 showed survey recent devotion, Faith, schoolwork. our Church its of program. direction support and in the temmarried graduates of group will engendered be stability, ambition learn Saints as should Latterday We later percent 6 7 or another ple and gospel of the study the hearts by in our insure our should alone. to stand We all for for time and other to sealed each priesthood, the hold under who men in their generalikewise children doing eternity. dediFather, of Heavenly our inspired of all instructed tion. been have We intellects of to of development the in Trust cated the Deed Young Brigham in for ourselves act whatever to the Lord the in virtue of establishment the wrote: 1875 and in to the BYU us. places been have sphere God We their students. lives of hearts and free a peoto be of the instructed Lord in shall instructed pupils be the That I meetseminary wonderful a attended ple. in taught usually as an are branches such this at just last Saturday, in ing Canada the in also and Old of learning, academy follow voice me, and hear Wherefore, my gave there coordinator time, the and of and Testaments, Mormon, BookNew shall people, free ye shall and a be you and teachto seminary those instruction this Covenants. Doctrine and I for come, laws but laws when have no my tell students the and ers: out and "Go stay lawgiver, I what can and your my am

if take to an that they have parents the to said Karl G. Young Brigham 78:14.) 38:22; hand? (D & C

to order in of school high year extra Maeser:

The Lord has said: get in seminary that it will be worth

I want you to remember that you ought more than all else to them."

notwithprovidence, multithrough or the That my alphabet the to even teach not the bless us to appreciate God May shall descend tribulation which the of God. standing the spirit tables without plication afforded opportunities the and indeprivileges stand the that church you, may is bless all. upon you. God That

I system, institutional great in this us creatures all beneath other above pendent

Academic rank among our teachers the celestial world. {Ibid., 78:14.) pray humbly in Jesus'name. Amen.

v ljL 1 QUBI n 1] aaajar nan,.bSlIJ,\s>U; JgsrTL b

436 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA grims left the shore of Holland for their rightness; and then the hardier virtues,

long journey: like bravery, and a fortitude that can

endure all except defeat. Finally, the

Brethren, we are now quickly to part people to whom God spoke in the days from one another, and whether I may ever of Abraham, Moses, and the ages after the more, earth face live any to see on your piety, obedideep-seated a learned them whether but of knows: only Heaven God of the to Lord the declarations ence

I not, or that appointed the hath Lord in the perfect trust their and God, blessed His before and you charge God angels, that you follow me no farther than revelations of him who made the world you have seen me follow the Lord Jesus and created man. Superbly did Israel

Christ. If God reveal anything to you, rise to the knowledge of the true and

as His, of be instrument other any by living God. there be "Let

to were as ever to receive you ready Israel a early of history shows The

I for ministry; truth, receive by am it,my for righteous aspiration a with people LIGHT"I that confident very fully persuaded, am unification social ultimate order and an forth to yet break truth has more the Lord

Isideals,"says these of mankind. "Of I part, cannot of For word. holy out His myLevi Edgar Young of race rael "the Zangwill, Abraham reof the condition the sufficiently bewail

thePresident First Council of the of still conceives originally conceived period and to a are churches, come formed whoSeventy present no at will go religion, itself for in a divine and to the be medium further than the instruments of their reforknowledge of God."The characteristics

to be drawn cannot Lutherans that mation. The I words a few say that pray I may of to us. are the people known made

part whatever saw; Luther go what beyond the in with connection helpfulwill be Israelites their planting and had The to revealed has or will his of good God already heard ideals have thatgreat we like songs, Inharvest the and Navajo die will embrace rather than they Calvin,

this conference.during gifts all of dians, nathe ascribed they stick see, it, Calvinists, you the and

orbriefly I an very to mention want loving merciful ture to a God. of and The great left that were they by manfast, where

ganization in America known as "The God, who yet saw not all things. This is a Prophet Isaiah describes the glory of reAmerica-Christian Palestine Commitmisery much to be lamented; for though deeming the land:

tee,"of which I have the honor of being they were burning and shining lights in solitary into place the not wilderness penetrated yet and their The they times, Arthur Reverend Right witha member shall shall desert glad they the be of for them; and but were counsel the God; whole Episcopal the of Church. MoultonW. rose. rejoice, as to the as willing and blossom emliving, be would now executive the comare us on two ofThe It shall at they as abundantly, light blossom that and rejoice further which brace

mittee of this great organization. There first received. I beseech you to remember even with joy and singing: The glory of Lebare over two hundred different religious it as an article in your church Covenant. anon shall be given unto it, the excellency

sects in the United States, and many "That you be ready to receive whatever of Carmel and Sharon, they shall see the sects here in Utah. They vary, of truth shall be made known to you from glory of the Lord, and the excellency of our

hereof I must God. But God."word the written activities, every but in theircourse,

reyou to ye Strengthen take the weak hands and conheed what exhort you to ideals and looksgroup follows it, it, consider firm knees. and the feeble as truth. Examine God ceivewith

for help. compare it with other scriptures of truth, Say to them that are of a fearful heart,

When Christopher Columbus reached before you receive it; for it is not possible Be strong, fear not: behold, your God will

this western world in 1492, he in time that the Christian world should come so come with vengeance, even God with a expressed to the king and queen of Spain lately out of thick antiChristian darkness, recompense; he will come and save you.

that he was "the agent in the hands of and that perfection of knowledge should Then the eyes of the blind shall be shall of the deaf be ears the opened, and at once. forth break the to mighty wago forth uponGod unstopped.

Irving, toters."Washington According has It is to interesting hart, God as know that leap shall and the an lame Then

set foot he on theColumbus when for of the sing: in nations All the tongue children. the his forsaken isnever dumb

land of San Salvador uttered the folhave had something of the truths of wilderness shall waters break out, and desert. in the streams lowing prayer in Latin. Translated it God.

a shall become ground parched the Andreads: Carlyle in his Heroes and Hero Worof water: thirsty pool, the land springs and

the that ship notes of each dragons, in where habitation the eternal, Father, eternal our God, Oh rushes. reeds grass shall lay, and be with of creator heaven omnipotent eternally an the of of prophet, God, calling a the Man 35:1-7.) (Isaiah glorify sea, thy earth and we and of is, to the people speaks that who holy man, protection the for protection and ourword of secret the in the into penetrated the frescoes has see the can on God, We of the world. prophet of Universe. the The mystery sacred enclosing the of Pharaohs, dams tombs

That is one of the most singular stateis the revelator of what we are to do. basins—"Just as they are built today,"

ments that could possibly be made, for Throughout the ages, the truths of says Emil Ludwig, "and it can be conit has been carried out and the world religion have become closely identified cluded from inscriptions by what statehas been blessed with an organization with the thoughts and habits of mancraft the water, after the lapse of fixed which is for the world. kind. Religion in the most intelligent periods, was conveyed from one basin

The words of Pastor Robinson recall use of the term confesses the divine reinto another."We know how the shepwhat Roger Williams, the founder of lationship between man and his God. herds dug wells and cisterns four thouProvidence, Rhode Island, once said. It is more than knowledge and obedisand years ago and how the farmer

Williams was much disturbed as to his ence, for its home is in the deepest naprepared the land for the seed and made right to administer the ordinances of the ture of man, where, in its allegiance to the threshing floors. There is an aquechurch, and finally he came to the contruth and its devotion to right, it govduct near Jerusalem with an inscription

clusion that there could "be no recovery erns life. on it written by King Hezekiah about

out of the apostasy till Christ shall send The religious principles of ancient Is700 B. C. Palestine has been referred

forth new apostles to plant churches rael brought about the highest system to as a "dry and thirsty land,"and yet anew."of ethical life, which to this day remains the melting snows of Lebanon, MerEdward Winslow was the third signer the most vital to human conduct. The mon, and Carmel, as well as other

of the Mayflower Compact, and it was elements the Israelitish character idealheights sink into the ground and come he who recorded the following parting ized were the homely virtues of a rustic forth again as springs of water. Wells

words of Pastor Robinson, as the Pilpeople: industry, frugality, chastity, upbecame the center of community life,

JUNE 1958 437 supplying water for household purposes past and the future met within it, for man is himself a God in latent power as well as for the flocks and herds. the formation of the government of the had long been forgotten, for the religion

There have been holy men, prophets United States was an event ordered of of Jesus Christ had taught faith in the for the bringing in of his possibility of God ascent to Kingdom from heightof throughout God, the ages. have They

the earth. is the upon height. highfor light the So A republic boy prayedfelt divine, creative the presence of God.

est political of institution, form Deand understanding. believed felt in Providence,They and

there was a power around and beyond Tocqueville'wrote, and this we know When we get the spirit of this new them which gave them a concept of to be true. Our government was made age, then it is that we come to undertheir everloving Father. Those holy up of different nationalities brought stand the divine truths of the gospel

men knew their Creator, listened to him, under one government and one flag. more and more. Many things make

spoke to him, loved him. Moses comSuch a republic had been unknown beour history beautiful. The Prophet

muned with him on Mount Sinai and fore in history. John Winthrop, one Joseph Smith inaugurated a new age of

received from him the commandments of the founders, wrote concerning it: culture and heavenly gifts. We all

which have molded the true concept of know what this means through our

It will service to a of be the testimonies great of truths. Church divine In congovernment civilized the throughout

to carry the consequence into Gospel those clusion, just I give of one may exampleworld. History knows no magnifimore parts of the to world help the of on coming what I mean. the During days whencent than of the prophets men fulness of Israel. the Gentiles. the the pioneers to eswere working hard idealists the of wereThey the ancient

soil, tablish their and the homes redeemworld. grappled They the with same of These early the words statesman they gave of their in examples cultureproblems which today: war, have we truly missionary and the record suggesways. built For example, they many a ofhate for nation one another, hunger, tion intention and brought which Engtheatre in Salt here City Lake which sin,wrong, dishonor. and were They to lishmen these shores, historic the and became throughout known and Americathe of servants the gave world God who spirit leads to us an of understanding in Italy. England, France, and Famouslight and guidance lasted have which the exalted of purposes in this God its actors to play stage. Presicame on thisto day. like world, the ancient astronomers who dent Brigham gave the people Young

into looked It is the sky sang: and of idealism "The the the different ages It for a love the drama. he was who

declare the glorythat has saved the of God."world. is a heavens There built. the theatre had a time One

set forth The founders in reality for longed andhidden the hearts of men. actress, noted in Julia Hayne, Deane

a knowledgeTruth, beauty, goodness and to belong of how to live life as it leaving to return York, gave to New be lived. should idealthe world hopes, of men's to and her goodbye to message President

God they have turned for revealed When Joseph Smith went into the Young and the people in a very beautitruth. The prophets taught man the woods to pray on a spring morning in ful statement. The theatre became

glory of the invisible world and gave 1820, "grace was poured out upon his known to the world as a place of divine him the glow of heavenly light. They lips, and God blessed him forever."God art years before the railroad reached

lived with the eye of faith and knew came to him and spoke, and with him Salt Lake City. It was truly a creation

that nature and man had glory beyond was Jesus Christ the Redeemer of the of pioneer days, the theatre, for it was that which the senses could understand. world. Joseph heard from the divine built by the inspiration of God. May

A new nation had come into being at lips the message that a new day was at we learn more and more every day about the beginning of the nineteenth cenhand. Out of it came the knowledge the history of the gospel in this day and

tury. It had been ordained of God to of the weaknesses of the necessities of age of the world, I ask in the name of

accomplish his divine purposes. The man's spirit. The eternal truth that Jesus Christ. Amen.

uality, a plea for them to crucify the earth, a society that is carnal and flesh and turn their hearts and interests sensuous and evil, a society which is to the things of the Spirit. living, in effect, a telestial law; and there

In this connection I call attention to will be a not distant day when the end the words which the beloved disciple of the world will come, which means by wrote: definition, the destruction of the wicked.

will This take place in the day of milnot the world, Love neither the things lennial cleansing. that are in the world. love If any man

the world, the love of the Father is not We have been sent from a preexistent in him. sphere to this earth; as a consequence

For all that is in the world, the lust of we have received bodies made of the flesh, the lust the eyes, of and the the and dust of the earth. grace the Through not"Love life, is of pride of not Father, the but is of sacrifice of his the atoning and God

of the world. will get Son these bodies again back we

the lust passeth world the away, and And the eternity. in in immortality WORLD''thereof: of that will but he the doeth God

abideth for ever. (I John 2:1517.) We have also been sent from the preexistent in placed sphere world, the andBruce R. McConkie

is, is, in of course, will a difference bethat There circumstances where we the Firstof evil, the earth enticed will be Council of the Seventy tween and the to do be where world. The we

earth is this sphere, this planet upon subject to the lusts of the flesh and the

President McKay opened the conferwhich we reside. It is composed of passions that go naturally with a mortal

ence yesterday with a fervent and forcenatural elements—the things that make existence. The object in placing us in

ful plea to the Latterday Saints to rise up the dust and the rocks and the trees. the world is to try us, to test us, to see

above the carnal and animal things of The world, on the other hand, is the if we can overcome the world, to see if the world and attain to a state of spiritsociety of men living on the face of the we can walk in the things of the Spirit

438 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in spite of the worldly enticements that of the world, walking as carnal men do. way of the world, and are immoral and

surround us. If, for instance, we gratify the appelascivious and unclean, then we are

I suppose that in our day—in this age, tites that there are in this body, taking reveling in the basest sort of carnal

with all the pressures of advertising, into the body food and drink that are existence. But if, on the other hand,

made possible by the use of all the modunclean and unwholesome, we are walkwe have the strength of character and ern inventions—that the enticements ing after the manner of the world and the fortitude and ability to stand up like

and pressures of the world exceed anymanifesting love therefor. But if, on the men and bridle our passions and conthing that has existed or prevailed in other hand, we abstain completely from trol our lusts and use the sex urges in

any age past. tea, coffee, tobacco, and liquor, and from the manner in which the Lord has orOur Lord, in speaking to his ancient every other unwholesome and impure dained that they should be used—whichdisciples about the lusts of the world, food or drink, thereby developing selfis wholesome and pure and right—if

said that both he and they had overcontrol, then to this extent we are both we walk without any form of sex imcome the world. He told them that overcoming the world and acquiring a morality, then we are rising above the

they would be hated by the world begodly attribute. animal plane, and we are walking in

cause they were not of the world. In If we walk in this life in such a manthe realm of spiritual things.

allhis intercessory great prayer as to of he that prayed ner there time the use it in situation so every is with And that for disciples a the Father keep the either the is, seven would days week, If find ourselves. play which we we

free sin. said, for of or livelihood from gaining a purpose He if lie visit halls; cards; or beer we if we

in pursuits, recreational are engaging we if steal of cheat; or take advantage we I for world, for not pray the but them after world. of the the walking manner if for oppress neighbor a word; our we... hast given thou me;which if, other the honor hand, But on we if hireling in are his the wages; imwe that shouldest take I pray not thou them his day, Sabbath, holy Lord's keep the in dress; of modest our of any that do the shouldestout world, but thou if we

offer of prayer the go to and house up evil. 15:18- (Seekeep the from them things John that are the done by commonly

so that sacraments and our vows we 17:6-18.)19; in of great masses people the ungodly

strength to to gain and become may living after their will the be world—we if then, Well, has omnipotent an world, the unspotted remain from God certifying that love and the manner wedeliberately is advisedly in placed rising us and are course, that then our we of things love the than world more wethe in find circumstances spirituality. to which of plane a now we if Lord. the contrary, the But on weourselves, is lusts of with enticements said, love the and of Paul "The money in abide the keep truth coveour and

sort us, forevery (I all the purevil."around very of root 6:10.) Tim. Now, in that nants the and walk manner we

if of willpose determining love love whether of get the or the we money we to counseled President by were our will the world, this ofovercome of in whether hearts, things the world our we it as this he opened do conference—andwalk to spiritualturn things rather desire preferso in things than that be those we consistently, acting inuprightly, with

things. in carnal Spirit,engulfed of to things the are the ence we will tegrity be and we devotion—then if, experience, a probationary in a paths. had carnal walking the But on We off will putting natural the man; we

testing sort, different of in pre- a the other tithing; hand, honest pay an we will again; be born become new we

spiritexistent as sphere. there fast to offerings; contribute were the our pay We it of creatures the Ghost. Holy Then

beings only, these without temporal cause, great to missionary the Church will to right constant the our have be bodies. bodies to mortal have educational system, probuilding the we Now of that of the companionship member

ifthat are to different subject enticements; of so the on; grams Church, and we if finally, in endure Godhead. we And

this eterparticular portion of alland to available the our Lord means make faith to in end, the devotion and we is isnity that segregated as to his his to which and kingdom and work life will in of eternal inheritors be the willthe tested time plane the be above and then we when we are rising of kingdom of God hereafter.

istried in the inherent that covetousness very examined and and lust manner in which we are now being examined. in the nature of our mortal existence. He who doeth the works of righteousness

May I suggest to you some of the things The Lord has placed in our bodies shall receive his reward, even peace in this that there are in the world which stand certain passions and certain appetites; world, and eternal life in the world to

as tests in determining whether we will perhaps the strongest of these deal with come. (D & C 59:23.)

turn to the things of righteousness or what we call the sex urges. Now if we

whether we will go off after the manner walk in an unbridled manner, after the In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

My dear brethren and sisters, I sinlarly interested in two great individuals:

cerely trust that I might have an interest one, Jesus Christ, the Son of God, and in your prayers in my behalf. Without the other, Joseph Smith—the one at the

prayer, it would be impossible to express age of twelve, the other at the age of one's thoughts and give testimony of the fourteen. Christ visited Jerusalem for

existence of the Lord Jesus Christ and the first time with Mary and Joseph, his Church. who had gone there to attend the Feast

Our general conference being held on of the Passover and to pay their taxes.

'April 4, 5, and 6 recalls vividly those When they started homeward, and after 'into HIS memorable days of the crucifixion and one day's travel, they discovered the the resurrection of the Lord Jesus Christ was not in their company. Remarvelous Christ. The words of Paul voice the turning to Jerusalem, they found him in

testimony of each of us when he said, the temple where he was engaged in great discussion of the the with men LIGHT"telling of doubt, them day and was, no Jesus Christ the same yesterday, and to day, and for ever. (Heb. 13:8.) his future assignments and teaching

Joseph L. Wirthlin, them the gospel that was to be given

Presiding Bishop As Latterday Saints, we are particuto the world. Mary and Joseph entered

JUNE 1958 439 the temple. Mary said, "... Son, why The history of the New Testament And they shall turn away their ears from

hast thou thus dealt with us? behold, points out definitely the existence of the the truth, and shall be turned unto fables.

there Priesthood, thee sorAaronic father were wherein soughtthy and I have priests, the He realized that the Church of the deacons, 2:48.) Christ and teachers, and thenrowing."(Luke

be Christ soon would Jesus Lord. ".. elders, Priesthood answer, that with Melchizedek marvelousmade How

of the teachings the from changed priests.is it seventies, wist stood high that sought not There ye and ye me?

inof apostles to that the Christ and I bishapostles busithe the head, Father's and at thethat about be must my false docteaching dividuals were who directing (Ibid., guiding ops, the andness?"2:49.) two

later, priesthoods. of the trine. the Christ years sought The members Some

later, years the gospel hundred Two priesthoods Baptist Melchizedek preaching the reAaronic and was whoJohn the priesthood had changed, been had of the remission for taught the the membership Churchpentance and baptism the earth taken was away, and rebeen for faith, sins, the those repentance, baptism impressed withof and John this left spiritual in darkness; was but of laying of sins, in contact, hands that mission on saying and he camewhom for forever, exist bethe to not John "... gift those shall baptize of the for the Christ, with Holy by Ghost youthe

the Holy Ghost, and with fire."(Matt. who held the Melchizedek Priesthood. loved had said in Revelation 14:6,

3:11.) The seventies with the apostles were And I saw another angel fly in the midst

Christ requested baptism of John, assigned to preach the gospel to the of heaven, having the everlasting gospel to known world at that time. Those who preach unto them that dwell on the earth,

But John forbad him, saying, I have need held the priesthood were directed to be and to every nation, and kindred, and to be baptized of thee, and comest thou to helpful to the poor, teach the membertongue, and people.

said answering unto Jesusme? And tithing, their of him, ship the to pay Church

it it toSuffer so becometh now: for thus be later, there years was thousand Two to to day, prothe Lord's observe not all (Ibid., 3:1415.) righteousness.us to fulfil of fourteen, the age Joseph a boy at fane, Sacrato to attend be honest, and

York. in lived Palmyra, Smith, who New meeting. Again, the ment New straightway Christ out came As up

in Palmyra, the churches New Among it clear that Testament makes work was the water, the voice heardof from a was of great misunderstanding York, was for for did dead, being the the not ". done.. is saying, beloved Thisheavens my

It the find impossible to gospel. was the I in Apostle 15:29, Paul say Corinthians (Ibid., I pleased."in wellSon, am whom priesthood the organization and church

3:17.) it before. years existed nearly as 2,000 Else shall are they do bapwhich what of Christ requesting In baptism John,

if rise tized for at the dead, the not about dead concerned very was Joseph much the held that Aaronicrecognized John all? for are they the baptized then why the of differences opinion the among

priest. office of aPriesthood, the dead? they doctrines the various churches and organized, the After Church was we in whose one teaching. was were He in 4:11, heread Ephesians gave the and Aaronic Melwith "And both So Bible in that the testimony a heart was prophets; apostles; some, of saints and priesthoods, the andsome chizedek the his to the answers be many could found pastors evangelists; some, and years and the 2,000 enjoyedsome ago Church of the questions. statement James The theteachers."held privileges, teachers indirection, Aaronic divine and same The necessary informaApostle the gave him

Priesthood. spiration of as the the do membership tion,

1:1 Philippians in read this a in from day. 2,000 The Church Church We

statement of the Apostle Paul as follows, years ago was one of activity and opporIf any of you lack wisdom, let him ask tunity for services to be rendered by of God, that giveth to all men liberally, and

Paul and Timotheus, the servants of Jesus every individual member to assist in upbraideth not; and it shall be given him.

saints in Christ to all theChrist, waverlet nothing in faith, ask But him again, Jesus building For the kingdom. up

Philippi, the bishops at with arewhich is like a wave that ing. wavereth he For of the Apostle reading the words James,and deacons. tossed. the wind and driven sea the of with

1:5-6.) faith, say, hast a Yea, and (James Thou man may

It is of inspiration source a great to I faith works: thy without have shew me

ofevery this Church to know member followed the admonition given Joseph faith I will thee thy works, shew and my that the Aaronic Priesthood actually exby my works. (James 2:18.) to him by the Apostle James and made

isted in the days of the Christ and the it a matter of prayer, asking God where apostles. Others were called to receive After the resurrection of the Christ, he might find the Church of the Lord

the Melchizedek Priesthood. Elders were there stood as the president of the Jesus Christ. In answer thereto, there

called and ordained, as we read in Acts Church the Apostle Peter, who through appeared the Father and the Son, the 14:23, divine direction and inspiration confirst appearance of the Father and the

the Christ since was upon Jesus Son gospel to the the teach tinued and elders ordained they them had And when before. Lord years earth nearly 2,000 The of existence the to Christ Jesus Lord fastprayed within church, every and had is "This said Joseph, to the Prophet My faith. of the the people not those and Lord, to the on they them commended Him!."Son. (Joseph Beloved Hear true, loyal, devoted, those were To who believed. theywhoming,

to Instructions by 2:17.) Joseph Smith it is said, gospel, active in the and

In addition to elders, there were sethe Christ indicated that his Church was lected seventies receiving the MelchizeBut ye are a chosen generation, a royal not upon the earth, but in time it would dek Priesthood, for in Luke 10:1 it states, priesthood, an holy nation, a peculiar peobe reestablished.

ple; that ye should shew forth the praises There appeared other heavenly beings

called the appointed of darkof things these After out you Lord hath him who the to was Joseph, Prophet among whom (I light. sent also, 2:9.) Peter his marvellous into and two nessother seventy them and the lived Moroni, Amerupon had who place, into every his city and face beforetwo

the prepared ican continent and had come. himself wouldwhither he It realized there Paul was was who events that of great history the had

The Christ was the great high priest. soon to come about a change in the taken place in the coming of Lehi and

Others were also so blessed, including Church, for did he not declare in II his sons and in the establishment of the apostles. We read in Hebrews 5:1, Timothy 4:3-4, both the Nephite and Lamanite nations

the Christ Son Jesus and that of God will will they the time For come priest when from taken every high among For the actually appeared American upon their after doctrine, but endure not sound is pertainthings in for ordained menmen his continent, established and Church, shall lusts gifts they to themselves heap offer both own to that ing he God, may and sacrifices for sins. teachers, having itching ears; organized the. Aaronic and Melchizedek

440 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA priesthoods. Jesus taught the Nephite assignments to teach faith, repentance, in body and mind, wherein there will

people the gospel as he had the people baptism for the remission of sins, laycome the gift of the Holy Ghost in in Israel, bestowing upon them the same ing on of hands for the gift of the building up our testimonies and giving rights, blessings, and privileges. Moroni Holy Ghost by those who hold the us the full understanding of the restored

also indicated to Joseph that he would Melchizedek Priesthood, fasting, missiongospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In adreceive the gold plates containing the ary work to preach the gospel to every dition thereto, in our hearts will be that

history of America. The gold plates nation, kindred, tongue, and people, testimony that there stands at the head

were written in a strange language, helping the poor, paying tithing, observof the Church an apostle of the Lord which the Prophet Joseph translated, ing the Lord's day, being honest, atJesus Christ as there was 2,000 years ago and Oliver Cowdery acted as scribe. In tending Sacrament meeting, and doing in the days of Peter, with the same

so doing, they came across the manner work for the dead. The Prophet Joseph desire to inspire the Saints of today.

of baptism, which was not clear to them. Smith received a marvelous revelation Peter visited many of the saints, as does

They made it a matter of prayer to the from the Lord which is recorded in the our president and apostle today, with the

Lord, and there appeared a heavenly Doctrine and Covenants, section 2, same attitude and feeling with reference being who introduced himself as John wherein the membership of the Church to the membership of the Church as the Baptist. This event took place on were instructed to do work for the Peter had when he said,

said, Lord dead. PennsylThe in 15, 1829, Harmony,May royal a generation, are a chosen ye But his thevania. upon hands placed He peculiar people; nation, a priesthood, holy an Priest- I the will reveal unto you Behold, Oliver of Smith and Josephheads of praises forth the sbould ye that shew prophet, Elijah of the the hood, by hand these words, uttered and ofCowdery called darkness out you hath who him of dreadful great the before the and coming

(I light. 2:9.) Peter his marvellous into of Lord. the day the in servants, fellow name you Upon my of the hearts the shall in plant he And of I Aaron, Priesthood the conferof Messiah it is sisters, wonderbrethren and fathers, to My the the promises children made of of ministering the keys the holdswhich all of are here enus to ful that to shall of turn the children the know hearts and

of repentance, of gospel the andangels, and their fathers. of blessings and the the joying Church

for remission theof immersion baptism by it so, If earth would the whole not were those are gospel because among the we again shall taken this sins; never beof and his at utterly coming. wasted be of called literally out been have who of Levi until sons earth, the do thefrom

light. his marvelous into darkness One offering in offer unto the Lord again an

sisters, I bear you brethren and My 13.) grandfathersrighteousness. ago, years our (D and & C

of gospel the hundred that the testimony my of our grandmothers and own many organization Christ the Jesus and Lord of the appearances the Through literally drawn were mothers fathers and of Aaronic and with the the Church Son, Moroni,Father and John and the into the of the of the darkness world reout priesthoods been have Melchizedek Priesthood wasthe Baptist, the Aaronic light of the Jesus Lord marvelous earth to Prophet the the stored through earth. the placedrestored upon and missionaries. and Christ through Men

actually the Father and Joseph. saw He apostles, later, three few weeksSome the accepting are truth today women

of the the Son. us have Those whoPeter, appeared and and John, James, of his Church. becoming members and

blessing of privilege membership and Oliver Smith and Josephbestowed upon is in the other world no There Church of in of LatterChrist the Jesus Church Priesthood. the MelchizedekCowdery great as individuals responhave where

definite responsiSaints very day have of see the that readily Church can sibilities, particularly those hold theWe who bilities in particularly assignments, and restored, organChrist againJesus was priesthoods. Aaronic Melchizedek and

revelawith the marvelous the placed earth with connection ized, and upon I shall be pray humbly worthy that we said, the Lord tion wherein the Melchizedekboth Aaronic and inspired in follow to his footsteps be and inspirasalvation, forpriesthoods, the of 'statement the Christ 2,000 by the raise will a pure myself For I unto up tion, sons of the guidance and said, years ago when he and people, will in serve righteousness; that me Father. ofdaughters our Heavenly all of call the the that upon name And

As the Aaronic Priesthood and MelLord, and keep his commandments, shall be... wist ye not that I must be about

chizedek Priesthood 2,000 years ago had saved. (Ibid., 100:1617.) my Father's business?

very definite assignments, it is now true that those who hold the Aaronic and This is a definite promise for each and and I ask it in the name of Jesus Christ.

Melchizedek priesthoods have the same every one of us who is sweet and clean Amen.

President McKay and my brethren the ways of life and peace, I have and sisters, I acknowledge my need for thought inevitably of some voices and help in this humbling position and faces of the past mingled with those of would wish to go back, in these few the present. Those three who most remoments which I have, to the theme set cently have left us have been menby President McKay yesterday morning tioned a number of times in this

"LIFE and recall as a text and a title: conference.cially during I thehavelatecountedhours ofothers,last nightespeand PEACE to Forbe spirituallyto be carnallymindedmindedis lifeis anddeath;peace.but andand havethe earlywrittenhoursdownof somethis morning,nineteen

voices and (Rom. 8:6.) or twenty names of beloved Brethren from I sat during here some have with whom I blessing of a greater think cannot

years, half a have nineteen and and who sought earnestly nor to be anything more past'.?? the

life. left this since after peace. and than life

As I have heard the words of life and I would read the list, but am afraid I

Richard L. Evans peace spoken in this conference these might miss some; but I should like to

of the Council of the Twelve past two days, as I have contemplated recall from some of those voices of the

JUNE 1958 441 past some things that they have said, Here in the shadow of these everlasting Grant ringing out here, and I can althat they may mingle again with us in hills I bring you no argument—I bring most hear him thumping the pulpit:

the present. (One thing that their havyou a conviction. A conviction that we and "That which we persist in doing belive are in the product world the which we is nature the to not that do;ing easy impresses us gone comes upon how

of interplay of the -not mere chance—not life our that of ofswiftly changed, the the thing days but has and move how of of of lines master the a work force—but to increased."the haschoice the be do on must power company are great that Creator. the we A conviction

other side where all of us hope evenchildren of our Father in heaven, who I have quoted many times a letter tually to find ourselves in the kingdom created the universe and all of us, and that of President Grant's which his family of our Father.) He still guides our destinies. Hence the republished parts of, with other quotaMelvin J. Ballard is one. A printed title, "Candle of the Lord."Or, if you tions, on the onehundredth anniversary

card which has crossed the desk of some prefer the whole text: "The spirit of man of his birth a year ago last November,

of us these past few days gives these senis the candle of the Lord."(Proverbs 20:27.) a letter he wrote from Japan as a young

tences of a paragraph by Brother There is a light that lights all of us man, in 1903, from which these paraBallard: who come into the world. We have the graphs are taken:

this: for of assurance John to right temptation, go near have no We is of parchild therefore a God, he Man

fact in to or or that say a canthing do we of of histakes Father. the divine nature life life; the the was and was In him of blessing the ask the honestly not Lord lie of infinite.. developgermsWithin him of light true Light, the men. which

visit to neither place upon, where any we is being. Potentially godlike ament. he into the that lighteth every cometh man. sister or to take our be ashamed would rise eternally towardsTherefore he may 1:4, world. 9.) (John sweetheart. of likeness his in Father heaven.the UpSpirit will us with not go on Good The is I destiny. divine, things of that the unending think worstward, man's one

if are Devil's standthe ground, and we is of say that could any we man to the the alone belonging there toing ground upon I of Albert Brother thought E. Bowen, is light in in thinking not him. And souls, the have adversary of men's he may

spirita choice with a profound I of mind, of the the Lord, thinking candle am us. trip to destroy us power and The up

and from the last talk he gave at a genof the candle of conscience, and of only safe ground is so far from danger as eral conference, I have taken these much else, also. it is possible to get. Virtue is more valusentences: I could not think of the voices and able than life

of of faces past the thinking without my religion just comprehends than more Our say are There and some come who E. Dr. friend (with beloved James who It ethicalthe of code. a contains body taught, that they they not been have president, mission was Talmage) myprinciples, of through the observance which differently. But they wish had known

I say, A. Dr. hear Widtsoe. can eterof great are the him John promised rewardwe

I plain. pretty are the commandments

life of in salvationnal the "I and times: rather kingdom through go would many

the about too not worry would much It in all Christ. the centers JesusGod.... life trusting fellow and men, have my scripture. of will passages obscure.. We religion teachings the comprises Our of to disappoint few me, than a them

for things held accountable not be life we of of actions Jesus Nazareth.and. and life mistrusting everyone."go through

religion. for will constitutes those not our but be know,That do we

I to discouraged, the say hear can him do know. we to to penitent, the those are who I of Brother thought have Matthew (I of think sentence a from Mark weighted weighted with problems and last talk the here, gave and heCowley bit expect a always Twain. would One sin: not up, with down. "Look Look I recall, talk prayer: beautifulas a on is of there him, from someand humor back."forward, not

his: this of in of sentence thing whimsey

I recall anold hear can an and him it is of people think a sign weakSome scripture that passages bother "The me cient versions of thought, which to get to one'sness knees pray many upon and

I I are the the understand."ones most

It's greatest sign Father, theour restated recalled Heavenly over been have and to too think worry not do need we muchof exists. strength greater are that No men ages: until the "Count happy no man

the understand.) not ones about do we are their in knees theythan upon when is is of he another way dead"—which to President sacred a Grant: Back with and havingcommunion God saying, shall that to endure the "He

interview him. with

shall finish to saved."end be have We life. is valuable than Never more—Virtue is race. for the conThere a reward of curiosity yourself to see to out allow go of E. voice you McKay, Thomas The

life. in sistency this in of the world. "undercrust"any it, We at forwill love pleading remember

I hear giveth can say: twice things our him dirty keep can't and handle "He I it last talk think thehome. he was

gave here: who giveth quickly."hands clean.

The time when men need things is

I never heard my father, and nobody else when they need them. The time when These are some of the voices of the

did, speak an unkind word to my mother, a man needs nourishment is when he past. They are true voices, mingled

so it has not been difficult for me to say"is hungry. The time when youth need with those of the present, in counsel to

kind words. counsel may be a very perishable time. this generation and to those yet in the

It may be this very night and not when future.

You will remember those two phrases it is convenient, not tomorrow, not next I would plead with my beloved young recalled by Brother Hanks at the funeral week. "He giveth twice who giveth friends, many of whom come, some of

service of Brother Oscar Kirkham: quickly."whom are burdened with sin and soris safe in our "Your name home"ing:I can"NohearoneDr.everJosephfalls overF. Merrilla precipicesayrow,aboutanddefinitions,older onesandalso,shadesnot toof quibblemeanwill to the it doand man?""What who never goes near one."ing and obscure passages and try to

And many other voices come to mind. Do not tempt temptation. None of rationalize and outreason the scriptures.

Dr. Adam S. Bennion—this bench this us knows his own strength. We should The commandments are basic to our

day is a lonelier place without his sitting not flit around the edge of anything that very nature. They are not arbitrary.

beside us. To say that he is much we should not flit around the edge of, The Lord God has not just sat down

missed would be an acute understateunless we want to hazard what hanging and thought up a series of thou shalt ment. You may recall his most outstandtoo near the edge hazards. Do not nots. He knows us. He knows our naing University baccalaureate address tempt temptation. tures. He knows what will lead to hapin the stadium under the starlight, some I can hear President George Albert piness, to "life and peace,"to refer back

six or seven years ago, with the hills to Smith: "Give the Lord a chance,"and to the text of President McKay. He

the east in their beauty catching the "Keep on the Lord's side of the line."knows what will help us to realize our

last tints of the sunset: I can hear the voice of President highest possibilities.

442 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA There are consequences in all things. "Ye blind guides, which strain at a gnat, God means us to be free. With divine

As surely as we live the law we shall and swallow a camel."(Matt. 23:24.) daring, He gave us the power of choice.

reap the rewards of living the law. As Attaining "life and peace"is not a

surely as we break the law we shall pay matter of quibbling. It is not a matter One choice sentence from an unsome penalties, but blessedly with that of obscure meanings. It is just a matknown source:

mercy of which President Clark spoke ter of knowing the simple commandHuman harvests are not just gathered in so beautifully. ments of God and living and keeping the autumn of life. They are planted, culti-

I give you these voices of the past, and them. vated, and reaped, each and every day.

in I bring closing attention your attention, Maybring your beloved young my is death; but to be carnally For minded to sentences B. Cecil Mr. some fromfriends, to the ask and commandments

is life to peace. be spiritually and minded in his great address DeMille to the look of the sophistriesyou to beyond

men and the rationalizing that would graduates of Brigham Young University May God help us and our youth and wave them away, and remember the last June: all the generations, as we mingle the

strong, terse of language our Savior, who We cannot his sharp in morewas no language at ments. We canbreakonly breakthe TenourselvesCommandagainst voicespresent,ofto thewalkpastthe wayswith thatthosewillof leadtheany time than talking he when to life in the was I pray and peace, name of else, them, rise through by keeping

to hypocrites such, and he Christ. fulness when Jesus Redeemer, said: them—orthem to the Amen. of freedom under God. our

tality and eternal life of man."(Moses doest in the name of the Son, and thou

1:39.) Thus through Christ's resurrecshalt repent and call upon God in the name

tion he gave every man, woman, and of the Son forevermore. (Ibid., 5:6-8.)

child live in this world immortality, who spoke from And the voice of God i. e., resurrection from everythe grave. heaven, commanding all men

Through the plan of salvation, or the where that they must repent of all of gospel of Jesus Christ, he made it postheir sins, and take upon themselves the of the Son and be baptized:through the himsible andfor allthe peoplegospel whothe opportunitywould receiveto name

BLOOD workwho wouldout theirreceiveexaltation.the gospelForwithoutthose repentedAnd as ofmanytheir assinsbelievedshouldinbethesaved;Son, andand

as believed not, not repented many and ibid., 6:50- (See should 5:1415; be damned. of the enteringmarriage, intobut thehowevercovenantremainof celestialfaithful as 58.)

LAMB todemptionthe endandof theirtheir faithfulnesslives, Christ'spromre- Thus in the very beginning Adam ises them a place in celestial glory. and his posterity were given the law of

Milton R. Hunter This afternoon I desire to talk upon sacrifice. They were to take lambs

of the First Council of the Seventy the phase of the atonement of Jesus perfect lambs without spot or blemish Christ which will be effective in the—shed their blood, and sacrifice them.

lives of that part of the human family The blood and bodies of the lambs

In the session of conference this whom God the Father hath given unto represented the great atoning sacrifice of the Begotten of Only Son will celestial the I enter lismorning, that all of who God—the you am sure Son—those

of the foundation slain from Lamb God glory. to give title to a If I were what satisfaction great astened with joy and

did I to President Clark's very wonder- I desire to talk about, it would be, of the world to redeem his people.

ful account of Christ's last few days "Cleansed or Sanctified through the Adam was told that the Lamb of God to earth would of in the come Meridian of the Lamb."earth, his crucifixion, the his Bloodupon and

that Time, and "... Jesus was his nameglorious resurrection, and Eve were cast from After the Adam which broke

bands of death and brought about the the Garden of Eden, through diverse Christ, the only name which shall be resurrection for the entire human famways the gospel of Jesus Christ was given under heaven whereby salvation the children unto come of men, the shallily. namely, by to Father given Adam; Begotten the Only Son gave Thus

..."6:52.) (Moses and Thus Adam voice angels, of administration by the salvation to allgeneral the people who

have lived or who shall live in this of Jehovah, and by the witness of the his posterity who accepted the gospel world as a free gift, in that he redeemed Holy Ghost. We read in the scriptures: observed the law of sacrifice to comthem from the grave. Paul declared: memorate the Savior's sacrifice.

And thus the Gospel began to be preached, The night before the Israelites left

For as in Adam all die, even so in Christ from the beginning, being declared by holy Egypt, in compliance with a commandshall all be made alive. (I Cor. 15:22.) angels sent forth from the presence of God, ment of the Lord given to Moses, each

and by his own voice, and by the gift of family took a lamb without spot or

In addition to this, Jesus Christ the Holy Ghost. (Moses 5:58.) blemish. They shed the blood of these

through the gospel plan of salvation On a certain occasion Adam was offerlambs, and sprinkled it upon the doormade it possible for all people who will ing a sacrifice, and an angel appeared posts of their homes. During that night

pay the price to come back into his unto him and asked: the destroying angel passed through

presence and dwell forever in celestial Egypt, and passed by all the homes on glory. Why dost thou offer sacrifices unto the whose doorposts blood had been

I said him: unto know Lord? And Adam in sprinkled; the where households but in the greatest statement the Perhaps

me. the not, save Lord commanded doorposts blood there on the no was of thescriptures the work which saying: This spake, the angel then And Israelites died. firstborn After the theFather and of sacrifice is the the the of definesSon—consummated similitude a thing

however through the "Lamb of God"Only Begotten of the Father, which is full had left Egypt, the Lord commanded declares that "... this is my work and of grace and truth. them to commemorate that great event

of a feast once eachmy glory—to bring to pass the immorWherefore, thou shalt do all that thou by the observance

JUNE 1958 443 year known as the Feast of the Passpredicted, "even more than man can then by keeping his commandments live over. suffer."In fact, we read in Luke: faithfully to the end.

The pastoral lambs were of special imWhen the gospel was first given to in being he an And agony prayed more certain ordinances feast; Adam, in were estabportance that as already I have

his as it and sweat were was lished forsaid, necessary were which entrance they were spot lambs without or earnestly:great of drops falling to blood the down glory, into celestialblemish, and they very were which lambs symbolized the ground. 22:44.) (Luke

Lamb of God, he who would come in beautiful in their symbolism. Adam

the Meridian of Time to redeem those There he shed much of his blood and was commanded that all men must rewho would accept him. took upon himself the sins of those who pent, be baptized, receive the Holy

We find that many of the ancient would receive him. Ghost, and keep God's commandments,

preparatory to sanctified being throughprophets of spoke Christ I under such like to ask would question: a Now the of blood the like Lamb. I would asterminology of the "Lamb God"will be cleansed sanctified or or Who to read a very powerful statement from slainthe the from "Lamb foundation the through of blood the Lamb? the Pearl of Price: Greatof the his world people."to redeem For it Perhaps best be to would to the go

example, John the Baptist was standing scriptures and see what the prophets of That by reason of transgression cometh on the banks of the Jordan River conGod have said on this subject. King the fall, which fall bringeth death, and inversing with John, the son of Zebedee, Benjamin claimed that "the blood of asmuch as ye were born into the world by

spirit, blood, water, I Peter's theand brother. and Andrew, and which anThat Christ for"atoneth little of sins the

so of have living dust a made, and becamecient prophet, seeing toJesus coming children die before reach they the who soul, so ye even into again be must born said, them,ward of the "Behold Lamb of age accountability. (Mosiah 3:16.) of the of kingdom heaven, water, of and takethGod, which sin the of away the a revelation wrote Mormon Christ from Spirit, the be cleansed blood, and by evenworld."1:29, 3436.) (John to his stating son Moroni, the that of blood Begotten; that mine Only ye

Nephi, after having had a vision, said might be sanctified from all sin, and enjoy that the garments of the apostles of... little children are whole, for they are the words of eternal life in this world, and

Jesus "... are made white... in the not capable of committing sin; wherefore eternal life in the world to come, even imis of glory; the curse in mortal taken from them Adam of speaking theblood Amulek, Lamb."

... the For me, water by the keep ye commandcelestial inheritof those would who Spirit the ment; justified, by are ye by and little alive children Christ, are in But even "..glory, said: garments should the blood are sanctified. ye 6:5960.) (Moses of from the foundation the world. (Moroni the blood white. throughtheirbe made of 8:8, 12.)

sacrifice bethe Lamb,"would whose Nephi, Alma, Amulek, the John "infinite and eternal."(Alma 34:36, In modern revelation, we read: Revelator, the Prophet Joseph Smith,

14.) And then Amulek explained in numerous other prophets, and even the

some detail that no mortal man could But little children are holy, being sanctiMaster, definitely declared that Christ's sacrifice his blood for the salvation of fied through the atonement of Jesus Christ. blood would cleanse or sanctify those

the human family. It must be the sacri- (D & C 74:7; 29:4647.) who would accept the true church, keep

fice of Being, the of a even Divine Son eventually God's and commandments, Also, according to Benjamin, King sacrifice infinite be whose mustGod, celestial glory. enter Speaking of the

Christ's will blood cleanse sanctify or eternal.and great in patriarchs lived ancient who those people not do a have chance who night before times, King wrote: Benjamin was The Alma to in receive the gospel mortality but histo turn the leadership throne and

live lives sufficiently that who good tempriests they forever, high Thus becameof to his the people over son Mosiah, an ple will effective for be work them and after of the the the order Son, Begotten Only toldangel to appeared and him him

... receive spirit the in gospel who it the of Father, the account on and was inthat the future Christ near would

of faith their world. exceeding that repentance, and quote ancient prophetand To into angel the world. decome The

... their righteousness before God, king:

scribed the great work that Jesus would Therefore they were called after this holy said:perform, then and he sanctified, order their were and garand also his atoneth blood behold, For and

ments were washed through white the of fallen for sins those have the by who suffer shall Jo, temptations, he of the 13:9-10.) And blood and Lamb. (Alma of the died transgression have Adam, who of thirst, fatigue, body, hunger,pain and

of will concerning the not knowing God it suffer, excepteven than can more man clearest definite of the most and One sinned. ignorantly or have them, who for death; behold,be unto blood cometh this subject statements was on by made 3:11.) (Mosiah shall pore, every his sofrom great be anguish Amulek.

for the of wickedness abominations and his people. (Mosiah 3:7.) And he [Christ] shall come into the world

to redeem his people; and he shall take upon

President Clark told us this morning him the transgressions of those who believe about the Last Supper, and I would like on his name; and these are they that shall

to refer to that great event once more. have eternal life, and salvation cometh to

It was at the Last Supper, held the night none else.

the Therefore as wicked remain though crucifixion, that the Savior'sbefore exno redemption been had made, passed the broke bread andJesus it of loosing it therecept of the death; be the bands

it disciples to eat told histo them and all for that behold, shall the day cometh in remembrance of his flesh; and then rise from the dead and stand before God,

he gave them the cup—the wine—and Third—and this is of great importance and be judged according to their works.

told them to drink it in remembrance to every member of the Church of (Alma 11:4041.)

of his blood, thus instituting new symJesus Christ of Latterday Saints and to bols or emblems of his great atoning all people throughout the world who Let us quote the words of the resursacrifice to take the place of the body arc honest in heart and who desire to rected Lord to the Nephites on this suband the blood of the lamb. come back into the presence of God—ject:

Then Jesus left the upstairs room in Christ's blood will cleanse Or sanctify all And no unclean thing can enter into his

Jerusalem and with his apostles went those who take upon themselves the [the Father's] kingdom; therefore nothing

to the Garden of Gethsemane. There name of Christ through faith, repententereth into his rest save it be those who

he suffered terrifically, as Benjamin had ance, baptism, and confirmation, and have washed their garments in my blood,

444 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA because of their faith, and the repentence old; and the inhabitants thereof, blessed are remain faithful to the end that someday

of all their sins, and their faithfulness unto they, for they have been washed in the we shall be quickened by a celestial the end. (3 Nephi 27:1920.) blood of the Lamb. (Ether 13:1011.) power. At that time we shall rise as

celestial beings, and enter into the presEther described the second coming of In closing I would like to remind all ence of God. Then the righteous shall

Christ, accompanied by the hosts of members of the Church of Jesus Christ be sanctified through the blood of the heaven, to dwell upon the earth during of Latterday Saints that you and I have Lamb and be worthy to dwell in the the millennium, as follows: taken upon ourselves the name of Christ presence of the Lamb of God foreverfaith, repentance, baptism, through and more.

the cometh and And then New Jerusalem; confirmation. All of us have entered May this be our happy lot and also it therein, forblessed dwell are they who

is they whose garments are white through into a covenant that we will keep all the happy lot of all those who will rethe blood of the Lamb;... of God's commandments. The Lord ceive the gospel of Jesus Christ, I pray

And then also cometh the Jerusalem of has promised us that if we do so and in Jesus'name. Amen.

Sunday Morning session, their fine parents, while some improve 5. I note about the young that they

April 6, 1958 upon their parents. But we may repeat are not easily misled as to individuals.

with absolute assurance that by and They can often detect quickly one who large they are inclined to be like, their seeks to deceive them. They can unparents. cover in interested adults with questionNow, this characteristic of youth can able motivations the real purposes of

result in great good or in bad, dependtheir interest. Again and again I have

ing upon what parents are, what kind seen it demonstrated that they can spot of example and precept they present. one who tries to deceive, who pretends

2. A second thing I mention about to represent virtue and integrity and

Be HONEST theinfluencedyoung: bytheyinterestedcan be tremendouslyadults other doesple sometimesnot. It is alsoare moretrue thatwillingyoungto peofol-

than their parents, by teachers, leaders, low an openly evil or cynical person with yourselves counselors, bishops, by interested adults than one who is not what he should who will take time to love and give be and pretends to be. Therefore, it

Marion D. Hanks attentionthem, andtofaith,them,becauseto have youngconfidencepeople,in mattersand earnesta greatanddealhonestthatinweourbe relationgenuine

of the First Council of the Seventy like the rest of us, respond to those who ships with them.

show interest in them. They love those Believing that the young can be

Perhaps no conference in my rewho love them, trust those who trust taught, and desiring to surround them membrance has devoted such effective them, and in general can be counted with virtuous and uplifting and enand repeated emphasis to the home and upon responding to the type of adult nobling ideals, the Church has enthe family, to children and youth, who is interested, in them. deavored to provide experiences and

and to those who have to deal with Of course, this, can be a good or bad influences and opportunities in the lives them. Not attempting to correlate or thing, depending upon the kind of of the young which will bring into

specifically to fit in with what has been adults who show interest, and what their beings, their minds, their very said, and out of my modest experience their motivations are. souls, the high and noble and decent

and ability, I would like today, in the 3. A third thing I have learned about things which will motivate them to

time allotted to me, to talk not to the the young: They love an ideal. They contributing, participating citizenship

young (which I have often done), nor are great followers. Their ideal may be in the world and in God's kingdom.

exclusively to their parents, but about a singer, an actor, a teacher, a parent, For that purpose, the Brethren have the young to the adult generation in an author, an explorer, a scientist, an provided a series of small cards and and out of the Church. athlete, but they are inclined to choose large posters, with a general theme, "Be

Out of my love for young people and someone to idealize. Usually it is someHonest with Yourself,"and some magthe blessing of teaching them over the one older than they, more mature and nificent contributions have been made

years and the association and friendship adult, but not always. to the young, contributions with which

I have enjoyed with them, I have This, like other characteristics of the I am sure every right thinking adult, learned a few things, some of which young, can be good or bad, depending in or out of the Church, would be

I would like to mention today as pertiupon the persons whom they choose to sympathetic. My experience as I have

nent to the general theme of home and idealize. traveled the country and passed on the

family and the relationships of adult 4. I have learned about the young idea to others not of the Church is that

and youth. that they can be taught, that they are they have responded with great interest

About the young people I have responsive to the atmosphere and ento the program. Last night Brother

learned these things, among others: vironment of the world around them. Petersen announced that records have

to advertising respond They into and exambeen large added they are by and 1. That this program—recordings

to filth and evil and degradation successful, of voices of to their parents, like be ple,clined spiritual men, to be what their parents are. President and bad influence, and they will rewhose example and whose counsel will

Richards has impressively given the spond likewise to virtue and decency bless the lives of the young.

basis for my brief repetition of this and integrity and honor, if these qualiNow, I have one serious question to thought. There are, I am certain, excepties are manifested to them in language ask. I have talked about the young, and

tions, since each child, like each of us, they can understand. They can be have said of them that they are going

is an agent before God, blessed with taught. to be like their parents by and large,

the right to choose and responsible for This can be good or bad, depending but that they will respond to interested his choices. They, like we, must choose, upon the fare their minds and eyes are adults outside of the home; that they

and therefore some of them are not like fed upon. are responsive also to ideas and ideals;

JUNE 1958 445 that they can be taught; and that we are soul—that "the spirit and the body are television, the books and plays, the adattempting to get them to "be honest"the soul of man."We teach the young vertising in the newspapers we read,

with themselves. The question I ask that their bodies matter, and that their that so pervert the great creative capacis: "Are we, the adult generation, honcare of them is important. ity of man given us of God in order

est with ourselves and with them?"On an airplane a week ago last Friday that we might find a partner, get marTime will not permit any kind of headed toward the East, I read out of ried in his appointed way, establish a

extensive treatment of the problem or the same section of one newspaper two home and build a family, an outpost on it Isquestion, I repeat but it and ask: interesting promise. of heaven's So a statement many by a earth items—one

inpossible that to our approaches the gift this of director magnificent of the have perverted American Cancer Society youth we are missing the significance of that if Americans would stop smoking God that we live in a world where sexthe opportunity to teach them that is it is likely 25,000 of them would be saved ual adventuring is almost, it would ours? Could it be that Thoreau speaks from certain death by lung cancer in seem, a rule among many, looked upon

of many of us when he says there are the next few years. And in the same as a form of amusement. I say I can-

"thousands hacking at the branches of section, the notation that in 1957 Amerinot believe that we can with honor and evil to one who is striking at the roots"? cans smoked 409 billion cigarettes, an honesty tell the young to "be honest"

I read a statement by an interested increase of four percent and more over with themselves knowing that they are modern observer a time ago, which is the year before. Can you say to a responsive to the example we interested

a little harsh, perhaps, but which I youngster, "Be Honest with Yourself,"adults set.

Irepeat because am sure it has some goes in a world where this you on? Do to be claim It is so with who us—we says,truth in it. He yourself to the contribute that confusion Christ yet followers Risen of the and

Youth has more to teach its parents than must result in his mind? do not obey his commandments. It is

to learn from them. The real savages are I read in that same newspaper (out of so especially on this significant Easter

the old, not the young. Much of what the one edition in one day) another interestday. He said:

learn elders thei they from acquireyoung ing 62year- a statement about item—a

peril.at their is world's tragedy that The life: the truth, practising the old attorney way, and the in a midwestern

it other be must words, that grown but the Father up—in by unto no cometb I manam city himself given under up who had

be run must they men, by though who 14:6.) (John of pressures the a tremendous hunt me. man forgotten have much, theyitknow what

were in their youth. for a hitrun driver. A prominent leading citizen, he confessed that he had a Yet there are those preaching in his

And as a key to what I am hoping to hazy notion of having hit something on name who are willing to be quoted in suggest to you, in and out of the his way home from a cocktail party. the newspapers as saying that they preChurch, interested adults, these words The something he hit was a 31year-old fer not to have the term Christian apof Quarles: father of five children, a scoutmaster plied to themselves, for Jesus Christ, to

who died on the street where he was them, said one recently, was a folk tale

Thou canst not rebuke in children what hit. In newspapers and magazines on like Santa Claus.

seethey practised thee. in Till reason airplane of be the the blandishments were are that I say there those who to youripe, direct examples precept. than more trusts, liquor youngsters the encouraging for that certain for themselves know as is thySuch chilbehavior before thy

like certain of distinction,"to be "men is lives, Christ, the that Jesus and God is faces,dren's theirs such back. thy behind

like this man, perhaps. that living his commandments and being

May I point out an example or two. There are so many elements of the honest with ourselves is the only way

The Lord has given us counsel about theme that there is not time to touch really to motivate the young to do what the significance of this magnificent mathem, but I ask you today that when we we would like them to do. I testify

chine, the body with which we are morcry to the young to "be honest"with that I do know these things. God bless

tally blessed, and has taught us that themselves we consider what goes on in us that we may bless them as he intends the body is an eternal component of the the world around us, the movies and we shall, I pray in Jesus'name. Amen.

Surely we all owe a debt of gratitude of the world. We teach his birth

to this marvelous choir. Brother Condie in Bethlehem, his life in Galilee, and

and the choir have won our hearts this his sojourn in Jerusalem. We accept the

morning. There are many individuals mission of Jesus as the Savior of

in the Church and out of the Church all the world. We recount that mission, his

over the world who greatly appreciate contribution, the trial of Jesus that Presitheir beautiful music and the selections dent Clark so beautifully told us about of their renditions. yesterday, and finally the crucifixion of

While standing before you today, I the Savior on the hill of Calvary in Old pray that the Lord may sustain me and Jerusalem.

direct me, and I shall be grateful to A few years ago as I stood by the.

each of you for an interest in your faith side of that tomb in Old Jerusalem I and prayers. Truly, this is a humbling think I loved Jesus more then than

life. it be would I am sureTheir SOULS experience. as a IWehaveaccepteverthedoneresurrectionbefore inof myJesus for too, you, humbling experience but

true, and forth he from know came we that are PRECIOUS probably as the the Christ, Resurrected tomb this we are here is morning—thisas it should bebeautifulbecause life, thereby giving eternal probably Sabbath Easter morning—in true worGod's greatest gift to man.

as acknowledge our God We recognize the apand we We teach

Father.Thorpe B. Isaacson Heavenlyship. accept Jesus pearance We the his of God, Father, and

of the Presiding Bishopric Christ as the Savior and the Redeemer Son, Jesus Christ, to the Prophet Joseph

446 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in the Sacred Grove. There are some of you any other way in your life. We can daughters who come from a divided

our friends who can hardly accept that promise you that the gospel of the Lord family—the father a member of the

as truth, but we would plead with them Jesus Christ changes the pattern and the Church or the mother a member of the for your can do so much pray, andto study and Church—you

father. a while mother and your A girl, towill them. come Wethatacknowledgetestimony personalattitude andspiritualthe strengthpersonalityof menand whothe

Joseph Smith as a prophet of God. He will accept Christ and the teachings of ago, sent this letter to her father and

was raised up, preserved, and divinely the gospel. mother in answer to a letter that she

called. We teach and we believe in the May I give you a quotation from Alma had received.

revelations received by the Prophet to express to you how we feel:

I received your and Daddy: Mother Dear true, are revelations andJoseph. These

I letter, pleasant such a never had have and precious, their are souls left to Lord, Behold,this the world prophet chosen O life as in surprise wonderful and when my thereof brethren; are our them and many life of salvation than doctrines andmore it, I that telling read was now Dad me us, fore, Lord, give power and unto O lived, ever save other personany who I cry,'to started to going join the Church. these, brethour that bring we wisdom may

it divinely truly a himself. IChrist of I was think because cry time every He and thee. 31:35.) ren, again unto (Alma

I so really, This happy. never sealed been have inspired prophet,called and and

his testimony with his life and blood is the blessing that I have been praying for along with his wonderful brother, In a recently completed survey, with ever since I was big enough to know how activthe stakes reporting regarding to pray. at 224 also martyred wasHyrum, who

for senior their ity of schools members Illinois. in JailCarthage that too, people, do you, can Young pleasof are Priesthood, the Aaronic we as factual, these things Yes, accept we mothers. fathers for your your and to see encouraged antly and that they without a doubtand we know

is for place. have, taking what gratefulWe his will true; revealedare the Lord that I greatly will be you now Dad, know at approxipresent the time, instance, of after the this deathto prophet, live and will the blessed, commandif you and for in session schools 367 mately now us, given has Father great another our Heavenly mentsthe Smith Prophet Joseph

of Aaronic the senior the members Priesthood the will Holy have soon you raised preserved, up, andprophet of wives, their Priesthood some and them to the the do give power will you which Presiprophetdivinely and wascalled—the basis. of stake a never and a on have things that dreamed some ward on you great a had Young,dent who Brigham

it I will so wonderbefore. be think doing schools in these enrolled have had We this to in leading peomission perform of live being if will ful worthy both you last of 17,000 in the year than more After journey.ple that on unknown day. in the temple some married their wives, these and wonderful men of the Prophetthe death Brigham glorious wedding of a think more I cannot exglorious of are learning some and we raised prophets to other were gift to both up sealedYoung, for be than my me

lives the into that periences have come sweetheart, Jim, father and to mother and called the lead divinely my Church,and brethren. these will great thing day. Another same on the of of his a true prophet timeeach one in

yesterday to Just able be you will that Daddy, I shook hands with a be now, present thethe Lord. At time one

of the Church, of assist Aaronic the in ordinances senior former many member of this atstands and the head Church of assist blessings the in my is and someday president. stake a Priesthood now whois of Eternal our the mouthpiece God, to will so me. babies. much That mean It for to shake us is not uncommon is President O.Father. David McKay happier ever have could Nothing made me bishops. are with some hands now who just as the Lord, of the werea prophet this than me. has made

I excerpts a give from few you May I I as daughter, to old. your you, of and bear testimony I loveprophets am you

sheets regardspecial survey of the some of you. made of both very You have proud I true, this to bethat and I know know

of schools, ing these the comments I be will always what happy, and me so gift of the the Holy power and it by

Ghost. The Spirit of the Lord testifies which are from the senior members of you expect me to be.

Priesthood? the Aaronic believe. spiritsto our and we for grateful truly are and humble We I of like to address some would my this in Church. our membership I reWe that benefit greatest the Perhaps of large brethren group very to aremarks or arrogant to appear feeling wish the the not school do ceived from was

I of fine great as regard and menwhom still interare realize that very that much because Church was we haughty, we my in strength potential power and and for inactivity of spite in ested in be, as my me but should as we good not we

I senior interest, the great have I still years, neededwhom that so and was many are, as as are good thankful are we we

I I still Priesthood. of Aaronic the that in the had Church;members wanted and for to grateful can are what we and God

of for years in a to I exchance a up to way of make want and them,know many yet become.

left, still but that time there absence; was friendour to love press our and them opportunity offers the us Church The I longer. procrastinate that not must desire, that ship. only one have We to chance a to come and worship God

of the share some with can themwe of him awareness into an him. With Another: privileged blessings that joys we are and is strength sorrows, healing of there

to enjoy. When you stop to think of I have completed the first school, and I for the day, and peace at the last. If

this large group of men, if it were posrecommend that all the senior members of we have been at odds with ourselves or sible to assemble them, we would fill the Aaronic Priesthood attend these schools. with God, our Father, and the universe,

this tabernacle ten times as it is filled It is a great feeling to feel yourself grow reconciliation with the Master, with our this morning. as you get interested again in the Church. fellows, and our soul can come. That

that spark to give us the school seems This if today, they have are and what are will Where about humcome change we started again, to of get for us most need we tell it? to about want assistance seek done the ble, repentant,we and We senior I to every recommend would and wellove and that them, never Father, we but it can them we of our Heavenly that of Priesthood you the Aaronic member the in activity into the back with place take without communion them come schools. these attend

Church. We want to assure them of It was through this school that my wife Lord and a spiritual religious belief and

our interest in their welfare. We have and I received the spark of hope, and now faith.

been greatly impressed with the progress we are working our way to the temple. The understanding of God's goodness

made by these wonderful men, and we enables man to meet everyday needs, would plead with all of our brethren of It is wonderful to see how the lives problems, and troubles. We can come

this group and other groups that if for of individuals may be changed, and the to a reconciliation with God, with peoany reason you may have become inlives of sons and daughters likewise are ple, and with ourselves. Despair and

active in the Church, we want you back changed, because they are happy when discouragement can be transformed to because it will bring you greater joys their fathers and mothers make adjustconfidence, guilt to forgiveness; cross

and blessings than have ever come to ments in their own lives. To sons and purposes and uncertain goals can be

JUNE 1958 447 changed to spiritual strength. Yes, one's And when ye shall receive these things, I within ourselves. The lack of peace

real personality heretofore utterly alone would exhort you that ye would ask God, usually goes with the lack of belief in of in Christ, the Father, Eternal the name character true take of the can with Almighty a on knowledge and a new God if if things true; shall are these ye not and religion humility. gives of one True availability his to the guidance. us

real intent, a sincere heart, with ask with forgiveness of to one's strength ask establish to able have not been We faith in Christ, will the manifest felhaving he low men. If that be difficult, and sometruth of it unto you, by the power of the peace among the nations of the world.

times it is, all we need to do is to Holy Ghost. With all our knowledge, we yet urgentbecome humble, and it gives us spiritual And by the power of the Holy Ghost ye ly need to gain sufficient understanding

strength to ask for God's forgiveness. If may know the truth of all things. (Moroni completely to recognize that there is an

we can only accept and thoroughly 10:3-5.) inescapable cause and effect relationrecognize that God is our Father, if we ship between these mounting failures

will listen to his words, we will not be Elder Orson F. Whitney has written and our diminishing faith. Unless we

t troubled. the following concerning Mormonism: are willing to prepare for a new dark

as gospel the taught by The Church as that age, acknowledge soon must we yet Mormonism's And magnanimity—of of will Saints Latterday Christ Jesus are, as not good we think we we are is said narrow, small to be "Mormonism"

lift philosother than higher any one the get along to without enough good illiberal. forsooth! Narrow, and Then

It earth. will give a higher one ophy on indispensable. forefathers found our find find breadth? will you where God Where

knowledge, more to live for and more justice, mercy, magnanimity, if not in a Every person might follow the adto die for than any other church on the religion that saves the living, redeems the monition of Alma:

earth, because it is the true Church of dead..., and glories all who repent?

Jesus Christ. The truths of the gospel "Mormonism"a small thing? It's the bigCounsel with the Lord in all thy doings,

are beautiful. As a church and as a gest thing in the universe! It is the Everand he will direct thee for good; yea, when

people, we are particularly blessed with lasting Gospel, the mighty soulship of the thou liest down at night lie down into the of in dispensations, the days launched Adam in your over that Lord, watch you he may of scriptures of the the Book Mormon, of ages, the heaving the ocean upon and risest in the sleep; morning thou and when I like friends to to say and would my its last the over voyage stormy on now full let God. of thanks heart be unto thy inactive, or those of \yho not be may of coast to the of billows beaconing Time 37:37.) (Alma

all the the has Church, Lord made of Eternity! (Saturday Thoughts.) Night

us promise in the a very definite Book May I close with this thought:

10:3-5), (see Moroni and of Mormon I God can win strange victories in the

hope that every man within the sound hearts and lives of those who believe in We expect to pass through this world but that or therefore, do can once; good any we of voice so will has never done my who trypeople been have him. Too many

to any that kindness show can any we said: following. the read Lord The is to that perhaps ing without do God,

it let us living not Let person, us now. do

failures. for of their the reason some it it, for or pass shall defer neglect not we I Behold, that exhort ye you would when are trying to give people Too many this again. way if it shall things, these read be wisdom of respectability. in irreligion the garb

that that read should ye them, God to favor granting each us by acted as God May acquire could have ye They if we merciful the Lord would remember how assous the companionship and the acquiring a education without knowlof the children hath from been unto of men,

I Spirit, of his ciation sweet, holy religion, of humand edge without wisdom of until creation the the even down Adam time that ye shall receive these things, and the experience and practice of religion. bly pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

ponder it in your hearts. Perhaps we have not found peace Amen.

walk in his footsteps. How can we sinurging unity and brotherhood, not diviTvY cerelyteachings?honor him unless we follow his sionOneandof lackthe mostof harmony.difficult things about

this division in modern Christianity is saith Lord, that unto me, one Not every it life. effect family has In upon

into shall enter the Lord, kingdom in far of of thethese too the discord days much of will that the doeth heaven; but he my

difreligious average home, American is (Matt. 7:21.) in heaven. Father which

ferences frequently become the imporHis great fundamental teaching was tant cause of discord, sometimes to the that of love, and out of love he taught extent of breaking up homes, causing unity, harmony, brotherhood, sisterhood. separations and divorce, with all their

He prayed, you recall, that his disciples accompanying heartaches.

except they might be one, even as he and his Father Every young couple on making plans were one. He taught that a house divided for marriage hopes for a happy home

itself against stand. life. cancannot to wants a sucEveryone A man make be AGREED

either. loyalty, his divide not one cess of marriage. couples Most young No

masters. serve two his blessfaith in have and seek GodMark E. Petersen can

their he marriage. placed apostles and in so But ings upon When

of the Council of the Twelve prophets in the Christian church, as many instances the very religions to

Paul explains, he did so to help the which they hold tend to bring unhappiAs we pay tribute to the Savior of the saints to be united, to reach a unity of ness to them because the couples belong world on this Easter day and express faith, to understand what is true harto different religious faiths. This difgratitude to him for his great atonement, mony. Yet, as we contemplate these ference becomes a source of irritation,

we must remember, also, that to be a teachings, we must realize that Christiconflict, quarreling, and unhappiness.

true Christian means that we love Jesus anity itself is sadly divided. Thoughts It becomes so to such an extent that

Christ and that to love him means to of unity among the churches are repugthose who have studied marriage most obey him. nant to most Christians, and still they are convinced that socalled interfaith

How can we truly love him unless we claim to believe the Master's teachings marriages generally are a mistake.

448 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Christianity is too divided to permit complications. It has been my experience the parents of one wr both spouses are deepChristians of different denominations to that the great majority of unchurched ly religious.... The religious training of

differthe spouses the children of are are today country homes in our when homes Itlive together in peace and harmony.

different ent churches, of the originally vexing there is one most two were where reflection be a great upon Chrismay all. 'finalof faiths problems as a involved, compromise and

tian living and Christian concepts, but ly the family ended up going nowhere.

it is nevertheless true. Interfaith marThen from the Superior Court of San

riage jeopardizes the stability and happiThe First Unitarian Society of Salt Francisco, Judge Orla St. Clair writes:

writes of the over City Lake ofness name the home.

relidifferent of are the parents Where Scott, Pastor: are the Harold Christian denominations The

if faiths, find the that gious often marwe first this. themselves, recognize to They, religious fails bitterness the over riage the indicates subject literature the on The avoid maritheir to peopleadvise young all to for the children seems be problems Catholics, Protestants, that and Jews, when

theirtal within marrying by disharmony if is proportion. the of marriage a out... diffiare there intermarry, more Mormons

own faith. I have written to many cult adjustments to be made than as failure, this mixed faith problem is an exclergymen of various faiths from coast though the contracting parties were of the tremely vexatious one from the point of

to coast, asking their views on this same faith.... view of the court trying to decide custody

subject, and have received back a whole... interfaith marriages... mean addiand visitation matters.

sheaf of letters, all advising against intional strain on the marriage bond. From the Supreme Court of the State

give smallterfaith a marriage. you To of York, to Justice Samuel Gold the M. Orthodox wrote Greek New We I opinions, to their read ofcross section writes: in City. DirecYork Church The New

letters, least at exof the a fewyou tor of Relations, Public Arthur Mr.

.. religion part in does play a maincerpts them. from said: Dore, wrote. and. marriage a taining.. the and happy St. Patrick's InCity, York From New successful are of being chances a marriage

...... Charles Center, never encourages our Rev. theformation Church J. greater people within young marry when

speaking marriages because, from mixed writes:McManus faith. their own

likely are to experience, marriages mixed

You can gather the position of our Church be a failure.... And from Denver, Colorado, District

are forbidden fact that Catholics writes: E. thefrom Judge Joseph Cook reCourt, College The Colorado Woman's nonCatholics by Churchto marry

for the law. cently a discussion conducted... interfaith succeed not marriages do

college students of the a as well as people of the in which between same faith; of the the Salt Lake Diocese And from

are involved. children where priest, rabbi, a Catholic a especially and the -Jewish a letter signed by Church,Catholic

spoke. Protestant minister Following says: Kclleher, T. FrancisRev. reconsiderable Educators have made this discussion, the Rocky Mountain

I this into quote only problem. givsearch information the summarized Excellency, reNews Bishop has His Hunt E. Professor of Earl Dr. one, Emme, of in your letter that I issue of Augustquested their answer 5, 1958, February en

Religion, Florida Psychology and23. said: and

16, College, October Southern who, on potenis always a mixed marriage...

Marriage between people of different reliof Pi meeting reli1957, addressed an opentially on Disagreement dangerous.

faiths is often gious the start for parSociety both unhappiness a Nationalgion can lead to Honor Mu, of loss of faith, Gamma... divorce. or delinquency partties, indifference the on confusion and Science. in Social numerous He listed

of relidifferent of people why 24, reasons York on Times The June Newfamily. the children,We haveandseenevenit happenbreakuptimeof andthe gious faiths adnot marry. should He article entitled, carried 1956, an "Whyagain. marriage within your vocated own othMarriages and Wrong,"among Go

From the First Presbyterian Church of er things said: church. I only give two comments

from him in the interest of time. First,Salt Lake City, the Rev. E. E. Bollinger

says:writes:

as. many.. theredivorcesare orapproximatelyseparations inthreeCatholictimes he

of representative textbooks survey used A as there are the Protestant marriages when tradition has always taken Protestant The colleges courses [in univermarriage in and faith, of partners marital are the and same to people in advising firm stand younga sities] stuthat all counsel they the shows as four times Catholic about a when many faith. historic their withinmarry own against marriages. dents mixed is father to Protestant mother. married a. Bishop,. the... agree the I.DS with We

story of the marital here again unhapAnd Catholic the Rabbi, andJewish Roman is far larger sepaAnd second: piness divorce than and in marrifor chancesPriest, that harmony

age are greatly minimized when there are ration statistics show. The slogan of religious groups that "Famimajortwo

...home. religious traditions in the Being further interested I decided to liesbe restatedthat prayto saytogether,that "familiesstay together"that canmightdo

write to judges in divorce courts of the things together, plan things together, stay

The Rabbi Mordecai Podet of the nation, and went from New York to together."

Congregation Francisco Angeles, Los B'Nai Israel of Salt Lake San and and I "The key word,"he says, "is togethCity, writes: replies us of the read given only a few

er."adds, happythen he "The And these gentlemen: by marriage clergyman, if reliknowledge no togeiher so cannot remain To family my Circuit the of Court From Cook professionally person other or counselor, is included."not B. gion Illinois (Chicago), County, Judge marital in matters experiencedtrained and this the has spoken Lord on Even writes: Fain.. Tucker marriages. mixed Therecommends subject. asked Anciently through he one

of Rabbis,. Conference AmericanCentral

.. is his of there prophets: in the obvious advantage an liberal rabbis, is of organization thewhich

Dissimilarity church membership. same.

is marriage. record opposing mixed on together, except walk they two be Can field interest of in prove a hazard any may

agreed? 3:3.) (Amos is particularly marriage. in true This with

Christ and Church Lutheran The I religion. that believe family worship...

his as its pasMoses, Through has of Utah,School, Murray, he commanded in prayers—help tremendously

to refrain ancient tor, people from marryhe—family C. Naatz, and the Rev. William ties. strengthening marriage worFamily

writes: ship is easier if both spouses belong to the ing unbelievers. Said he:

same church....

Neither shalt thou make marriages with... we urge our young people to marry

within their church if that is at all possible. He goes on to say: them; thy daughter thou shalt not give unto

The tragedy of intermarriage is that far his son, nor his daughter shalt thou take too often when children are born into... Difference in religion undoubtedly unto thy son.

families of split faiths there are serious will aggravate the "inlaw"problem where For they will turn away thy son from

JUNE 1958 449 following me,... so will the anger of the Then, what are we to do? The obviRichards says, "to be projected out into

Lord be kindled against you,... (Deut. ous answer to everyone is, marry within the eternities."That takes temple mar-

7:3-4.) your own faith. If you are a Presbyriage. It brings together two LatterAnd the Apostle Paul said: terian, marry a Presbyterian. If you are day Saints of faith and devotion. If

unequally Be ye not yoked together with aareCatholic,of the housemarryof Judah,a Catholic.marry withinIf you theyand participatewill be united,in the ifgreattheysavingwill blesscomeunbelievers: 6:14.) (II Cor....

your own faith. If you are a Mormon, ing of a temple marriage, if they then

What are we to do then? Shall we marry a Mormon. will live the gospel and keep sacred their

bring upon ourselves the unhappiness marriage covenant, they need never of a divided household? Shall we profit But to the Latterday Saints we have worry about divorce because of religious

by the voice of experience and marry something still further to say. Not only or other serious differences in the home,

within our own faith? should the Latterday Saints marry Latnor need they ever fear that death itGod lives, it is true. Christianity, diter-day Saints, but also the Latterday self will serve as a divorce court, and

vided as it is, claims to believe that. Saints must marry Latterday Saints break the bonds which were made for

The gospel is the way to peace. This within a Latterday Saint temple. Just time only.

also is true in spite of the great divias God has his mode of baptism, so he They who are married in the temple sions existing in modern Christianity. has his mode of marriage. Should a of God are married for all eternity, acBut Christianity of today is so divided Latterday Saint ever reject God's mode cording to God's mode of marriage.

of baptism? a Latshould Then why if itsthat conflicting bring philosowe live to foresight in the we have May reject Saint ever God's mode intophies our homes, they can do terday and fulfil this that of such great we a way may marriage? of a source discordbecome which may of our Father reap and commandment

jeopardize the very foundations of our Marriage is intended by the Lord to the great blessings he has for us, is my family life. last forever, eternally, as President humble prayer, in Jesus'name. Amen.

enable us to carry out his great comalive."(Ibid., 15:22.) And the Savior

mandment. said,

greet friends you, our there out We this: is at Marvel not for the hour comin the radio television and audience

ing, in the all that are which graves in the arc not of our who members Church. shall voice, his hear

We join with Christians everywhere, as And shall come forth; they that have done

has been indicated all through this good, unto the resurrection of life; and they

conference, in commemorating and givthat have done evil, unto the resurrection ing thanks to God for the resurrection of damnation. (John 5:2829.)

of the Lord. significance of this TheTHIS

transcendent event emphasized was by But we must not assume because of that regardless promise of what we the Apostle serthis Paul in that matchless Gospel shall have exaltation do we may and recorded in Corinthians, in which, mon life. reblessings are Those if eternal said: "And

served for those gospel accept the who... not A Gospel amongChrist beothernot things,risen [fromhe dead], the

then is our preaching vain, and your of Jesus Christ and observe and keep

Hugh B. Brown faith is also vain."(I Cor. 15:14.) the commandments of God.

only resurthe commemorate We not believe the greatest story that Weof the Council of the Twelve of hisin the Lord as an event is rection told in all ever of history the annals the story of the atonement of Christ. tory, but we also recognize it as a

of to harbinger things come. he When of his record resurrection ascenThe and ancient prophet the assurgave An life his cross, gave did on the he not sion, the without which atonementance that require nothing would God indicate interest his that his in fellow is not complete, would have beenof his save children he a provided way ceased. his promised, had the men and He story; to that climax thounow, and two tofor carry his out them commandapostles as predicted, the did prophets still it is years after event, the sand cen- I relyments. that promise and pray on of the there that Testament, Old should tral all in true pivotal and Christianfor divine guidance. of Speaking the a of second be coming the Lord when, thought.

for provisionLord carrying the making said, as Paul out of his commandments, I am reChrist was both mortal and divine minded that in ancient days and in our mortal through his mother, Mary; di-... the Lord himself shall descend from

shout, of voice the with heaven a the with his vine Father, bethrough requiredtime that gospel of he the fhe God—and

archangel, the of with and trump God: and of that cause unique combination he all should be tokingdom preached the

first: rise shall Christ in the dead (I Thess. able to yield voluntarily to death was thisworld. commandment was When 4:16.) his divinity that in order through he togiven of the founders the Church,

perhaps it seemed to be an insuperable might conquer death, break its bands, But before his coming certain things task, but God has kept his promise and and make the resurrection possible to must happen. Among them, as he said

has made provision whereby we are all men. The resurrection is not for in answer to the question of his apostles

able to reach more people with the gos- a select few, nor is it alom> for believing as to what should be the sign of his pel in a few minutes than our fathers Christians; but every man and woman coming and the end of the world, "...

could reach in years. We are grateful who ever lived upon earth, or who ever this gospel of the kingdom shall be

for the microphone, the radio and teleshall live thereon, will be raised from preached in all the world for a witness vision; but these facilities, great as they the dead. unto all nations; and then shall the

are, as President Clark indicated last Paul, the apostle, epitomized the cause end come."(Matt. 24:14.) It is signifinight, are just in their infancy, and God and consequences of the atonement in cant that he said "this gospel of the

will, in his own due time, give us such one sentence: "... as in Adam all die, kingdom,"not "a gospel,"or "some

improvements and amplifications as will even so in Christ shall all be made gospel,"but "this gospel."And the

450 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Apostle Paul, always precise and zealous the socalled mother church. As the the message which changes with varysaid: great reformers failed to change or reing conditions. The message of the

But though we, or an angel from heaven, form the false teachings and undesirChurch of Jesus Christ of Latterday preach any other gospel unto you than that able conditions they claimed to have Saints is that there has been a restorawhich we have preached unto you, let him discovered, and as they were successively tion of the identical gospel which Jesus be accursed. (Gal. 1:8.) excommunicated, some of them undertaught and which the apostles preached

took to establish new churches without at his command. It is a gospel of glad

And still there are some who say it claiming new revelation or authoritative tidings of great joy, a gospel of hope matters little or not at all which church ordination. and saving power as was enjoyed by

joins, gospelone preaches, one which of the in the days of restored Church members of gospel Jesus Christ The it gospel of be thewhether apostles. his the Savior and Luther, does base its to authority not claim on

Knox, or Calvin, whether one belongs apostolic succession, nor did it begin The restored gospel is also a warning to the Roman or Greek Catholic with a protest against or attempt to reof judgment to come, a judgment which

Church, to one of the numerous form other churches. Furthermore, this is neither fiction nor superstition but

protestant denominations, or to some Church did not have its beginning in is a tremendous and solemn truth, when group which emphasizes some one asscholarly analysis of the gospel as taught all that is found valueless or out of pect of the gospel such as faith healing, in the Bible. Its founder, at the time harmony with the purposes of God must

mode of baptism, which day is the Sabof his first vision, did not claim to be be abolished.

bath, etc. Unfortunately the world is a profound student of theology, and he Some may not understand how this

faced with a variety of religious deknew little of the writings of the early message of good news can include a nominations which in some measure church fathers. His message came as warning of judgment to come, but judgneutralize each others'influence in the a direct revelation from heaven. ment is integral to the gospel. It is

people. ofminds the assertion of the final triumph of fearlessly but that say humbly We

question The of evil. good and the abolition is restored then arises, "Where the gospel Christ of Jesus

shall we find that gospel?"The Church the divinely inspired way of life, the While the Church, which was organof Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints plan of salvation. It is the gospel of ized under divine direction, is the kingdefinite certain statementsmakes earth, on with the dom of It its membership God spoke. kingdom of which Jesus

respect the gospel to what is. A comconsists of is, as and men in women who are not was its prototype the Meridian

mission was appointed in England reof Time, the fulness of the everlasting yet made perfect. It is a mixed society

cently by the Archbishops of Canterbury and unchangeable gospel, the very power with an international complexion, suband York to make a complete survey of God unto salvation, the everlasting ject in varying degrees to the weaknesses of modern evangelism, and they were gospel which, through angelic minisof humanity. It does not claim to be a

asked to seek and discover if they could tration in the latter days, was, accordpicture gallery where every portrait is the causes for the wide and deep gulf ing to John the beloved, to be carried a masterpiece; therefore, Church memthat exists between the church and the to every nation, kindred, tongue, and bership requires continued tolerance,

people. This commission in the prepeople. charity, and love of fellow men.

amble to their report, emphasized the Some express amazement and disWe do not claim to have achieved irrelevance of the church in the life belief when we claim that the restoraperfection; we often fall short of our

and thought of the community in tion began with a vision of heavenly ideals; but with additional revelations

general. beings and revelations from God. These from the Lord, and with the gift of the

The most arresting observation made claims should not be thought incredible Holy Ghost to help us, we hope it may by the commission was, "We believe to anyone who believes in the Holy be said of the Church of Jesus Christ that the tendency to preach another Bible, for such events were standard of Latterday Saints what Peter said partial gospel,gospel, or a has the been the Church of Jesus Christ of formerprocedure in both the Old and New to sin) of (not to say theweakness Saints: day the Testaments.

observationchurch."This us reminds

are a ye generation, chosen royal But is a tid- a of glad message Mormonism Paul'sof warning and anathema which priesthood, holy nation, a peculiar peoan all to ings people, glorious a declarationfor repeated: emphasis he ple; that forth ye praises should the shew that the prophecies recorded in both

of hath darkout of him called you who I If before, so again, say Old and As Testaments we said concerning now New ness his light: (I into marvellous Peter gospel other preach unto you anyany latter man the days have are being been and

let received, that acthan ye have be him It is fulfilled. an that 2:9.) announcement

cursed. (Ibid., 1:9.) the God of heaven has set up a kingWe look upon the restoration and the

What gospel did Paul preach? All dom as predicted by Daniel. It is a second coming of Christ as sequels to

will agree that he was converted to the proclamation that the times of refreshthe resurrection. We believe that a

gospel of Jesus Christ as now taught in ing have come from the presence of the full understanding of the significance the New Testament through personal Lord, when there is to be a restitution of the resurrection must include concommunication and instruction. He beof all things which God has spoken sideration of and belief in his second

came one of its chief exponents, most by the mouths of all his holy prophets coming which, as he himself declared, effective and fearless defenders, and since the world began as predicted by must be preceded by the preaching of finally one of its martyrs. Many are Peter. (Acts 3:1921.) Wehumbly and the gospel of the kingdom to all the

asking, "Where can one find a church gratefully announce the opening of the world.

which teaches the gospel as Paul taught Dispensation of the Fulness of Times There are those who wonder at our it?"Any search for the true gospel in which, as promised by Paul, all assurance, and sometimes they say our

leads at once to the matter of origin and things are to be gathered together in presumption—as we make such posiauthority. Christ, both which are in heaven and tive and definite statements, but we ask

In a brief consideration of that subwhich are on earth. (Eph. 1:10.) you, our friends: If you knew of a reveject we shall not challenge the claims The above scriptures concerning the lation from God, and knew it to be a

of other churches unless our claim that restoration refer to the whole gospel. revelation, would you equivocate or

we have the gospel is taken as a chalWe think neither individuals nor groups water it down, or be afraid to defend it, lenge. The Catholic Church bases its of men, under whatever title, are justior assert it? In my opinion, no greater

claims to authority on the long line fied in their attempts to pick and choose message has come to this world since of apostolic succession. Many of the between particular aspects of the whole the angel standing at the open tomb

other churches began with a protest gospel. We profoundly dissent from said: "He is not here; he is risen."(See

against or an attempted reformation of the opinion that there is an element in Mark 16:6.)

JUNE 1958 451 The announcement of the Church that from the center of my heart to the ciples of the gospel of the Lord Jesus today, and let all people heed as they ends of my fingers and toes I know Christ.

hear, is that this same Jesus has apthat Jesus is the Christ, the Son of the I leave this testimony with you, and peared again, established his kingdom, Living God. I know that he came forth thank God that he has given it to me,

organized his Church with apostles and from the tomb with his body, which he and pray that I may be able to live so prophets, and set in motion a great displayed to his disciples, and invited as to come back into his presence, and missionary system by which the gospel them to feel of the wounds. I know I remind all of you that any of us may

of Jesus Christ shall be carried to all that he has spoken again. I know that come into his presence when our conthe world as a witness, and then the the gospel has been restored to the duct has been such that we can feel at

end shall come. earth. If this message be true, it should home there.

Humbly I bear my testimony to you, be heard and heeded by all men everyGod bless us to that end I pray in the my friends, and brothers and sisters, where, for it has in it the saving prinname of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Sunday Afternoon session, en; therefore, it does not matter which kind as they were at the time God gave

April 6, 1958 road we take, we will all end up in them to Moses upon Mount Sinai. Also,

God's presence."the Golden Rule today is basic to our

This manmade philosophy—for such Christian way of life. However, this it is—sounds good, but the scriptures father, like so many others, is blinded

do not support it. I assure each of you in his concept of what true religion is

that the road to God's presence is not and what it requires of an individual.

that easy. I feel certain that the devil Many people, no doubt, Would agree

chuckles whenever this false opinion is with the statement attributed to the expressed, for it pleases him that the evangelist, that there is "no true minds of men have been so blinded to church."Many others would not be

revealed truth by his cunning craftiness certain because of the confusion caused and deceit that they will believe any by so many churches all claiming to be religion to be acceptable to God regardright. I testify in all sincerity and

less of its tenets and ordinances or how humility that the true Church of Christ or by whom those ordinances are adminis upon the earth, and every person, inCan TWO istered. the interest of his salvation and exaltaOccasionally, to justify or bolster tion, is duty bound to find it and to

walk together? their Christian belief and church allegiobey its way of life.

ance, men will simply say, "We admire A few months ago I saw a large 1957

Delbert Leon Stapley yourthat church,althoughbutofyoudifferentagree, dofaithsyou not,we thiscalendarcaptionhangingin boldon letters,a churchchallengingwall with of the Council of the Twelve are all striving for the same goals?"all who looked upon it to "Go to

True, we are, but to me this statement Church Sunday,"followed with this

My brothers and sisters and friends, evidences an uncertainty and lack of message: "I'll go to my Church, you

I should like to express my appreciation personal assurance of the rightness of go to yours, but let us walk together."

for the Brethren sustained among the their convictions and church memberHow can people going to different group of General Authorities with all ship, because the conversation had churches of divergent faiths, doctrines, my heart. I welcome them in these neither solicited nor suggested any exand tenets, walk together in understandnew positions. I know each personally planation of their religious choice. ing and peace when they disagree on

for his faith, devotion, and dedication Recently a father wrote an unchrisbasic Christian principles and true gosto the great cause of the Lord. I pledge tian! ike letter to his son, who, after pel teachings and faith concepts? Does

to them my faith, my prayers, and my prayerful study, gave up the church of not walking together imply agreement, help. bis parents, in which he had been most unity of faith, and oneness of purpose?

This has been a great spiritual conferactive, to join the Church of Jesus Christ The Lord, reasoning with the chilence with choice, enlightening messages. of Latterday Saints. The father, apdren of Israel because of their wayward-

I hope my message will not detract from parently suffering from a vain and inness and failure to follow the prophets, this sacred day and the important event jured false pride, used this argument as declared to them through the Prophet we commemorate, the resurrection of our one of many, which were most unfair Amos:

bitter, in to his order and son back win Christ. Savior,Lord Jesus and

I all of families only the have You known to of his the church youth and young in Often conversation with devout of earth: the I will therefore you for punish *(I letter.) his quote manhood: from of faith, sincere notand our the men all iniquities. your

if father often told lived us that "My we ofsubject religion routinely as comes up together, walk two except they be Can God's by the Ten and Commandments interesting important topic foran and 3:2-3.) agreed? (Amos

discussion. After answering questions Golden Rule every minute that we

and supplying information about the were awake, we would have all the reli- A great and important lesson is taught restored Church of Christ, also followgion we needed to live a good, wholein this scripture; namely, that we should

ing an exchange of doctrinal beliefs, the some, and righteous life on this earth, walk together, agreed in faith and docfriendly discussion usually terminates thereby pleasing God and reaping our trine with the Lord. Is not that adwith their saying something like this: rewards in heaven."And then he quoted monition and counsel just as applicable

"We are all God's children; therefore,, a noted evangelist of our day as saytoday to the people of the world as it

it makes no difference to which church ing, "There is no true church,"and the was in the days of the Prophet Amos?

a person belongs; we are all working father added, "I believe the same."It was the Apostle Paul, writing to the

for the same place."Then, apparently No one will deny the everlasting imEphesian saints, who taught the "one

without profound thinking, they add: portance of the Ten Commandments. Lord, one faith, one baptism"doctrine,

"There are many roads to get to heavThey are as binding today upon manand also testified to them that Christ

452 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA... gave some, apostles; and some, "My doctrine is not mine, but his that But though we or an angel from heaven,

prophets; and some, evangelists; and some, sent me. preach any other gospel unto you than that

pastors teachers; and which If we have preached unto you, let him will his will, shall any do he man

perfecting For the saints, for of the the be accursed. it doctrine, of the of whether know be God,

of ministry, work the for the edifying of I the or (Ibid., of whether 7:16speak myself."

of Christ: body 17.) And then to reemphasize it, Paul

Till all faith, unity of the come in the we repeated:

of the and of knowledge of the Son God,

Christ ministered men, When among unto perfect a man, the of unto measure

I said before, so If As again, say we now did sects not the accept of he the Pharithe stature of the fulness of Christ: any preach gospel other unto any you man sees That henceforth Sadducees, and his be we but children, no more admonished

let that ye than received, have acbe him fro, tossed to and carried and about listeners with to of their beware doctrine. cursed. 1:6-9.) (Gal. of every doctrine, wind the sleight of by (Matt. Fie 16:12.) called blind them

men, cunning and craftiness, whereby they guides referred and to them, with the this scripture not Does reveal clearly lie in to deceive; wait..."(Eph. 4:1114.)

scribes, as hypocrites the who built is that there only gospel one true plan?

... compared Luke, the physician, recording the These officers, since the days of Christ, tombs of the prophets;

are and always will be in the true them unto whited sepulchres and said historic events that occurred on the

Church of Christ as long as the earth they omitted the weightier matters of Day of Pentecost, proudly relates:

shall stand. the law. (Ibid., 23:2331.) The Pharisees that believed they gladly his resurrection received in the of Then word man, multiplicity the of With in churches

... baptized: were but the this did not accept Sadducees the all world today claiming the right

stedfastly they continued the in aposAnd belief. doctrinal Both could not be soway, and to yielding genthe many

.. tles'fellowship, doctrine and right. erally accepted all opinion that roads of the multitude believed that. And them

or churches lead to eternal life, how Just as the Judah kingdom of the were of one heart and of one soul. (Acts

important it is that these officers of the house of Israel had departed from the 2:4142; 4:32.)

true Church of Christ, enumerated by right way into error and apostasy bethe Apostle Paul, reveal light and truth cause of tradition and false teachings, When Jesus was taken before Pilate in the midst of confusion and darkness even so today many people are in spiritto be judged of him, he said to Pilate, of teaching, to guide mankind unerringual darkness because they do not have "Every one that is of the truth heareth ly to the safe harbor of God's everlastthe light of truth found in the true my voice."(John 18:37.)

ing kingdom. gospel of Jesus Christ. Again, when he was in Jerusalem at

If truth is consistent, and I testify it It was not the purpose and calling of the Feast of Dedication, he answered is, can there be more than one true way Christ's apostles anciently to convert certain Jews who gathered about him to God and eternal life? The Savior and permit people to join any church, wanting to know if he was the Christ,

said to the Jews who believed on him: but only the true church that Christ by saying,

established had men. Aposamong The

If continue in word, ye then... my voice, sheep hear and I know My my are tle Paul, addressing himself to the disciples indeed; ye my follow they them, and me: saints, Corinthian saywarned by them truth, shall the ye and the know And... life. I give eternal unto them And

ing: free. 8:3132.) shall truth you (John make (Ibid., 10:2728.)

brethren, you, the I beseech by name Now is free truly be cannot who man A truly people can hear and know How all of Christ, that speak Jesus our ye Lord false tradition, false by handicapped the their of voice Shepherd become and thing, that divithe there be same no and of error, lack true teachings, a and so in that sions his perfectly confused but ye you; be teachunderstanding among

saves. that knowledge the together in joined in and mind same ings doctrines that divide into they and

truths eternal the taught by Among (I the Cor. 1:10.) judgment. same of divergent denominations bemany in great his our on Redeemer Sermon

liefs practices? follow they and Can

is this chalthe important and Mount calls to reports attention then that He off different diinto branching by him "... first obligation: seek lenging ye there contentions were and among them rections contrary to the path Jesus his of righteousthe and kingdom God, asks, "Is this in Christ divided?"Later for out marked them?.".. ness; (Matt. 6:33.) Lord The refers epistle to as himself same a he

authoritatively taught: Savior The certain specified a kingdom, not many wise masterbuilder and states: ". shall.. there one be one fold, and or only kingdoms any but kingdom,

God's kingdom. It is the gospel of this... I have laid the foundation, and anshepherd."(Ibid., 10:16.) He did not

kingdom that the Lord declared, when other buildeth thereon. But let every man suggest there were to be many folds

outlining the signs and events that take heed how he buildeth thereupon. and many shepherds in his kingdom.

lay other foundation For no can man his precede coming, second would was to a great prophet of ancient Alma, is is Christ. that laid, than Jesus which all in as be preached a witness world the declared: America, shall manifest: be Every man's work made

all nations the unto should before end it, it for the shall shall declare day because come. (See ibid., 24:14.) The duty, be revealed by fire; and the fire shall try Behold, I say unto you, that the good

therefore, of every man is to search every man's work of what sort it is. (Ibid., shepherd doth call you; yea, and in his own

honestly and sincerely in faith until he 3:1011, 13.) name he doth call you, which is the name

finds God's kingdom and yields obediof Christ; and if ye will not hearken unto

ence to its full requirements. Writing to the Galatian saints, Paul the voice of the good shepherd, to the name

When Thomas asked the Lord, "... was just as emphatic. He said to them: theby whichsheep yeof arethe called,good shepherd.behold, ye are not

Savior the the way?"know can we how

truth, "I the answered, way, am the and fromI marvelhim thatthatcalledye areyou sointosoonthe removedgrace of goodAndshepherd,now if ofye whatare notfold theare sheepye? Behold,of the

the life: no man cometh unto the Father, Christ unto another gospel: I say unto you, that the devil is your shepbut by me."(John 14:5-6.) Thomas did Which is not another; but there be some herd, and ye are of his fold; and now, who

not ask his Lord what different ways that trouble you, and would pervert the can deny this? Behold, I say unto you,

could be chosen or taken, nor did the gospel of Christ. whosoever denieth this is a liar and a child

; Savior reveal more than one way or of the devil. (Alma 5:3839.)

plan by which eternal life can be obDoesn't this statement describe retained. He presented the plan he religious conditions in our day and time? In this world of many churches with

ceived from his Father, for he declared: Paul continued by declaring: their diversity of beliefs and teachings,

JUNE 1958 453 can they all be right and enjoy true The Savior taught: But whoso keepeth his word, in him verily

authority of ministry? The scriptures is the love of God perfected: hereby know

I Verily, verily, say that unto you, He that in are enwe him. we is teach that consistent God and untereth not the into the by door sheepfold, saith that in he abideth He ought him changeable, is that his of kingdom one but climbeth other the way, up some same also so to himself walk, even walked. as he order, If not chaos. scriptures the are is thief robber. a a and 10:1.) (John (I 2:3-6.) John interpreted according to the light of

truth, there is only one path to God, Every seeker after truth should searchIf all people walked as Christ walked, not many. A kingdom divided against ingly and honestly ask himself or herguided by the Holy Ghost, which is the

itself will fall and become desolate. self this question: Am I attempting to spirit of truth, they would accept and

The laws of God and the requirements climb heavenward by some other path follow his teachings and do the things for entrance into his kingdom are the than the one marked out by the Rewhich he did. This would unite them

same for all. Even the governments of deemer and Savior of men? in one fold under the leadership of the

men do not permit a variety of plans by Another important saying of the true Shepherd, Christ our Lord.

which people can obtain citizenship; the Savior in his discourse upon the mount In the midst of presentday religious

requirements apply to all alike. Can that significantly applies to one Lord, confusion, false teachings, and questionwe think of God's kingdom advocating one faith, one baptism, is this: able faith in the true purposes and

different to salvationmany ways and it is of difficult, God, power withmost saith that every one unto Lord, Not me suit glory to the of fancy Sinmen? effort out honest sincere searching, and shall Lord, into the of enter heavkingdom

is cerity of belief not enough and canto find its Christ's with en; plan kingdom but the he that will doeth Father of my

not save any man. Exaltation is founded which is in heaven. of life and salvation. Fortunately for

upon true faith and good works, for it Many will say to me in that day, Lord, us, God has not left mankind alone in is by works that faith is made perfect. Lord, have we not prophesied in thy name? this world of uncertainty, but has promin cast devils: and have out thy name and ised of his spirit this Savior asked the guidance thoughtprovok- to enThe thy done wonderful works? name many lighten ing question: of the understanding his "And call ye me, in why I will I profess then unto them, never And

Lord, Lord, and do not the things which knew you: depart from me, ye that work children upon the earth with truth and

I say?"(Luke 6:46.) He also taught: iniquity. (Matt. 7:2123.) light if they will faithfully and prayer-

"The disciple is not above his master: fully seek after him.

but every one that is perfect shall be If God's children close their minds I testify to you, my brothers and sisters as his master."(Ibid., 6:40.) If we are and hearts to truth and refuse to obey and friends, that there is only one true

not above our master, then we are oblithe saving ordinances of the true kinggospel plan, of which our Savior is the gated to do the things that he did to dom of God and thus fail to obtain author, that embodies all the teachings, obtain eternal life. We cannot follow rightful citizenship in it, this will place principles, and ordinances revealed for

a different course of teachings and bethe disobedient in that group of iniquity the salvation and exaltation of mankind.

liefs and rest securely with him in the workers that the Lord will refuse to I testify also that there can be only one kingdom of our Father. Christ said recognize at his coming. Our Savior true kingdom of God on earth with the

he came not to do his own will but the has warned that every tree that bringeth authority and power to teach and adwill of him that sent him. He also adnot forth good fruit is hewn down and minister the sacred gospel ordinances for

vocated, "Come follow me."To do so cast into the fire. (Ibid., 7:19.) the blessing of the human family.

would lead us into the waters of baptism, John the Beloved reasoned wisely and May God grant that through the even as Christ was baptized, and by one correctly when he taught: restoration of his kingdom in this,- the

to that perform the authority haswho hereby do And we ordinance. Baptistsacred the know that we know hisDispensationwill shall ofbe thedoneFulnesson earthof asTimes,it is John if his was him, commandments. we keep

divinely commissioned and sent from He that saith, I know him, and keepeth in heaven, as our Savior taught us to the Father to baptize his Lord and Renot his commandments, is a liar, and the pray, I humbly pray in the name of deemer. truth is not in him. Jesus Christ. Amen.

President McKay, my brothers and pression, that we neither seek nor do sisters: at this time I would surely like we decline the calls that come to us in

to have Brother Benson share with me this Church. Acceptance of this printhe manuscript he has in his pocket. ciple coupled with my faith that the

I am sure I need not try to tell you Brethren who direct the affairs of this what a humbling experience this is. Church are acting for the Lord, lends

Perhaps the only people who fully strength sufficient to accept this assignunderstand the impact of such an asment, and to pledge my heart, might, signment are these Brethren who sit mind, and strength to the future asbefore you. signments which shall be given to

Knowing something of Brother Oscar me. I thank you for your sustaining

A. Kirkham, his life and his tremenvote. I trust that in the days to come

will feel to carry inclined the out stature, in you no consolation gives me "Seek Ye dous of President help admonition Clark and filling the vacancy which resulted from prayers. your me with it has sustain

as this FIRST"hisincreasedpassing.the Onweightthe ofcontrary,this responsiOccasions such give one cause

bility. I must confess that at the presfor serious reflection. If I have a mes-

I it is ent time gratinot do sage the expression today of know Lord an whyA. Tuttle Theodore

called has this position. to for to those tude bring have helped have me who

the First Councilof of the Seventy principle been taught a all of to First, this position of honor. high life me myI

to which President Clark has given ex- I want to express my gratitude to my

454 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Heavenly Father for the blessings and Primary, the Mutual, the Sunday School, iaries of the Church; will more adeopportunities that he has made mine and the priesthood classes, and have had quately prepare missionaries, as we have

throughout my life; secondly to my opportunity to learn and serve in them. heard explained; will lead them into the

sweet and devoted companion, who has Today I cannot help thinking of the temples for proper marriage, and help been in every sense what Brother Cowlovely women and the fine men in these to make faithful members of them.

ley has termed a "companionwife."auxiliaries and priesthood quorums who Now it is true that there are presFor her sweet and silent and effective have taught me the gospel and strengthsures on these young people for such

support, I express my appreciation. ened my testimony. To them I voice courses as they should take, but may

I am thankful, too, to my five children my appreciation. we ever keep in mind the admonition

from whom I have learned many lesBecause of my association in the eduof our Lord and Savior to "... seek...

sons of life and who have given me a cational program of the Church (and first the kingdom of God, and his rightbetter understanding of my Father in all of my productive life has been spent eousness;"(Matt. 6:33) and then add

heaven and his relationship to all of in it), I feel a greater appreciation and the other things where we can.

us, his children. To have them climb kinship to my seminary and institute I would like to pay my respects to

upon my knee and throw themselves teachers and those at Brigham Young that corps of devoted men and women upon my neck and express in their inUniversity than perhaps to others. I who teach in the Church educational

nocent way their love and their affeccertainly would echo the eloquent plea system, for their devotion and their tion typifies, I am sure, what our Father of Elder Moyle that all parents in this dedication to duty in going the extra in heaven wants us to do: to come to Church see to it that their sons and mile.

him, to rely upon him, to ask of him, daughters enroll in seminary, and that In closing, I wish to leave my humble that we may receive. those college students who do not attestimony with you that there has been

I think I have learned another lesson tend the Church schools should enroll a conviction borne upon my soul that from my children, too, when they have in institutes of religion, where men of God lives, that his Son, Jesus Christ, remembered to express appreciation to devotion and dedication can balance lives, that he was resurrected and now me for some kind act. We all may their religious education with their rules with his Father in the affairs and

well learn to express our appreciation secular learning. It is my belief, my destinies of men, and that he is at the

to our Father in heaven for his many brothers and sisters, that we do not lose head of this Church.

blessings. young people who go away to college I have a testimony in my heart that

I am grateful for my wonderful and further their education if while they God the Father and his Son appeared mother and father and for the boundare so engaged secular learning is balto the Prophet Joseph Smith in the less love and valuable teachings received anced with teachings of the restored spring of 1820 and there commissioned in our home. I am grateful, too, for gospel of Jesus Christ. him to restore the gospel which had

my only sister. In our home we had I realize that young people are under been taken from the earth. I have a

both precept and example, which, I tremendous pressure from school to conviction also in my heart that these think should be found in every Lattercomplete the requirements both for men before you are the commissioned day Saint home and to which I owe graduation and for entrance into a uniservants of our Father in heaven, delemost of what I am. versity, and sometimes we think we do gated to administer the affairs of this

I owe a debt of gratitude also to my not have time to get daily religious Church and kingdom until he shall other forebears who joined the Church training. It seems to me that while come and reign.

when they heard the truth and came to we are in this life, sent here for the I am grateful for this testimony.

of the getting built acquainted with of purpose valleys andthe the mountains

I sisters, pledge brothers and my My

I earth, grateful this physical of things to enjoy. andwhat we am now life to in his to cause your the and Lord

their salvation, leave that to our courage the might they outthat work we had sufficient service, time reserving only first calls learning to the attention to well accept came which pay andhomes to rear children honorand means my it. in part gospel in of to Basin plan colonize our the the Great andthem fellow before before ably and him my I of close urge, becausearea. would And my men.

religious daily experience for grateful with also teacheduca- deeply my I am

I blessings for of the the pray Lord its fruitfultion of testimonyers, and the without within both and my too, trust that to you, be and upon me ness, that in the every person of this young a product Church.Church. I am

will in that that join prayer I might inin seminaries. enrol Such be Church pray that I can countedI hope and

a worthy one, because from my early structions will help prepare youth for adequately serve.

youth I have been taught in all of the life; will supplement the teachings in This testimony I bear in the name of

organizations of the Church, in the the home, the teachings of the auxilJesus Christ. Amen.

At 4:15 yesterday, as the afternoon answer that I could give and that was,

session of conference was concluding, I "Yes, President McKay, I will accept. I

was handed a note written by Sister will do all I can."This, brethren and

Clare Middlemiss, President McKay's sisters, is in spite of a feeling of inadesecretary, requesting that I be in Presiquacy and a knowledge of my limitadent McKay's office at five o'clock. I tions.

was there. Shortly after that the Today I also would like to pay tribstruck. lightning ute the Taylors and to my forebears,"Only ONE the Dixons, President the in Church who joined McKay pointed out that a

exist countries foreign this land. to in the vacancy or vacancies would and came Answer"

I Assistants for to parents of the the Council Twelve, have who am grateful my and it was his desire and the desire of long since passed away, for the training

Henry D. Taylor the Brethren that I should fill one of which they gave their six sons and two

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve those vacancies. There was only one daughters that whenever a call came

JUNE 1958 455 from the Brethren, there could be but in the California Mission. I am gratenew calling, so it gives me encourageone answer, and that was to say "Yes,"ful for Sister Taylor, a beautiful and ment to make my remarks brief.

accept the calling, and then serve with lovely daughter of Zion. Our present I would like to leave with you today,

all of our heart, might, mind, and calling is probably the most satisfying brethren and sisters, my witness that I strength. experience that we have ever had in our know that we have a Heavenly Father,

In accepting this calling, I take comfort lives. We work shoulder to shoulder, that he loves us, that he is interested in

from a few factors. First is the promise traveling about the mission together. us. I bear my witness to you today on

of the prophet that has been quoted Over the years as I have served in this Easter Sabbath that I believe Jesus is once today here, that whenever the Lord other Church positions, Sister Taylor the Christ, the Son of God, the Savior has a work for us to do, he prepares has had to assume the major responsiand Redeemer of mankind, and that a way for us to accomplish it. Grandbility in the rearing of our four fine sons. through his atonement we will have

mother Taylor used to say that "the I am grateful for her, for her companionsalvation and also the possibilities of

Lord broadens the back to carry the ship, and for the support and. strength exaltation through our acts.

that she is toburden."me. life grateful of the for the am

like I would I also rely upon the assurance that believe I truly Smith. to express appreciation ProphetI Joseph

prayers are being offered up daily this day for the missionaries in the Calihe talked to our Heavenly Father and throughout this Church for the General fornia Mission, also for the Saints who his Son, Jesus Christ, in the Sacred

Authorities, and I know those prayers reside in southern California and AriGrove in the year 1820. It is my firm

are heard and that the Brethren are zona, in the mission as well as in the belief that under instructions which sustained by the spirit of our Heavenly thirtyfour stakes in southern California were given him this Church was organFather in answer to those prayers. and Arizona where the missionaries are ized, and I am so grateful for my memAs we have called missionaries, also working. The stake presidents, the bishbership in this Church. I love it very

branch and district presidencies and ops, and all the Saints have been most much.

rekind, to positions thoughtfulothers of leadership very generous and and and to grateful a to belong Church I am us. to tosponsibility, learned to love the pointed have out have we We led is directed inspiration that by and there appreciate to are called people that for "often not them. andthem men

all this in revelation day, with and and

I this like are, to for pledge support they they but wouldwhat what may my President heart O. I uphold David my I it is all to will that Brethren, the to easy day thing dobecome."an Now,

these other Brethren in the and McKay to like that. help within the buildgive advice power counsel up and Somemy Authorities. General E. us, so to Petersen kingdom. those once Eldertimes back words Mark come

in giving counsel it might be well to remarked that President Clark had made God bless you, brethren and sisters.

keep in mind this adage, to "let our the suggestion that there are two times I hope that you will pray for me as I words be sweet and tender because when a short talk is in order, at least will pray for you.

tomorrow we may have to eat them."two times—once is when you are start- I bear this witness to you and humFor the past two and a half years, ing a job, and the other is when you are bly pray for this, in the name of our

Sister Taylor and I have been presiding finishing. Well, I am just starting a Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. Amen.

of inadequacy. I feel shaken, and if I had the great opportunity of being

wrhat I say is largely in the nature of with him at the Swiss Temple, and as I personal testimony, I hope you will saw those people gathered from ten naforgive me. tions to participate in the temple ordiSince President McKay spoke with me nances; as I saw elderly people from belate last evening I have been thinking hind the Iron Curtain who had lost

about the road that led here. I know their families in the wars that had

that I have not come that road alone, washed over them, and witnessed the an Expression and I feel very grateful for the many expressions of joy and tears of gladness men and women—the great and good which came from their hearts as a remen who are here today, and the small sult of the opportunities that had been of GRATITUDE and obscure, but, wonderful people, given them; as I saw young husbands

many of whose names I do not rememand wives with their families—their

Gordon B. Hinckley ber—who have helped me. It is the bright and beautiful children—and saw

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve same with each of us in the Church. No those families united in an eternal reman proceeds alone. We grow accordlationship, I knew with a certainty even

ing to the help given us by those who beyond what I had known before that

My dear brethren and sisters, I am reteach us and lead us. this man was inspired and directed of

minded of a statement made by my first I have been marvelously fortunate and the Lord to bring these priceless blessmissionary companion when I received greatly blessed. I have had a wonderings into the lives of those men and

a letter of transfer to the European Misful opportunity in working closely with women of faith gathered from the nasion office. After I had read it, I turned the Brethren—all of those who are on tions of Europe.

it over to him. He read it, and then this stand, and many who have sat here I do not know why under the blesssaid: "Well, you must have helped an in years past and who are gone. I have ing of Providence I have had the marold lady across the street in the prehad a sure conviction that President velous association which I have had

existence. This recognition has not McKay is a prophet of the Lord since with President Richards. In 1935 when

come because of anything you've done the day he was sustained as the Presi- I was released from my mission, Elder here."dent of this Church, and I have had Joseph F. Merrill of the Council of the

Humbly, I seek the blessings of the many experiences which have confirmed Twelve, who was my mission president,

Lord. I am overwhelmed with a sense that conviction. asked that I meet with the First Presi456 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Postum is the natural whole grain drink

When you're looking for a hearty, healthful drink... try

Postum. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals, slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor.

Postum is 100% coffeefree... contains no caffein or

other artificial stimulants. And don't forget, Postum tastes Another fine product

so good... and it's so good for you from General Foods.

100% coffeefree

JUNE 1958 457 dency to tell them of some conditions specific lessons they taught, but somefund so that her boys might go on in the European missions. Following how there was born in my heart a conmissions regardless of any economic

that interview President McKay assigned viction concerning the truth of this catastrophe that might hit the family.

me to work under the supervision of work. I would also like to express appreciaBrother Richards, and for almost a quar- I shall always be grateful to the bishtion for the wonderful women who have

ter of a century I have worked under op who recommended me for a mission, come into our home and for my own his direction and have heen tutored by for my companions in the field, to the beloved companion and our five chilhim. I have partaken of his wisdom humble men and women of faith among dren.

his great wisdom—and his kindness and whom I labored; to Brother George D. I say these things for two reasons:

graciousness. I shall ever be in his debt, Pyper of the Sunday School, who infirst, because I am grateful to all who

and I want him to know of my love and vited me to serve on the general board; have helped me along the way, and secappreciation for him. to my stake president who invited me ondly, because I would like to make the

President Clark has been my everto become his counselor. To Brother point that all of us, in our various situready friend and adviser. I do not know Harold B. Lee I feel particularly inations, are the result, largely, of the

how to say thanks enough to him. And debted for a blessing which he gave lives that touch ours; and that as teachto all of these Brethren whom I have me when he set me apart as a stake ers and officers in the Church we affect

come to love, and who have been so president. I shall never forget the lanfor good or ill all who come under our

generous and good to me, I am deeply guage and spirit of that blessing. direction according to our diligence in

grateful. Now, in conclusion, I should like to meeting our responsibilities.

I have been touched by the mission express my appreciation to my father. It was Emerson, I think, who was asked

presidents with whom I have worked. He lies critically ill in the hospital. If what book had had the greatest influAs I have known their stories, the great I feel any selfish satisfaction in this ence upon his life, and he said he could

sacrifices which they have made to go honor, it is the satisfaction that comes no more remember the books he had into the world, the devotion with which from the realization that one of his sons read than he could remember the meals they labor, the manner in which they has been found worthy of the confidence he had eaten, but they had made him.

give of themselves, I have been humof the Brethren. And if I feel any reLikewise, all of us are largely the prodbled. I have been inspired by the gret, it is that, unless the Lord rules to ucts of the lives which touch upon our

missionaries with whom I have had assothe contrary, he will not know of this lives, and today I feel profoundly grateciation. I have seen them as they have in mortality because of the condition in ful for all who have touched mine.

gone out in all kinds of weather, late which he lies today. Now, in conclusion, on this sixth day

and soon, doing their work and bearing No son ever had a better father. of April, significant under the revelatestimony, often at great sacrifice, and He was busy in the Church—for tions of the Lord, I, too, would like to

bringing a marvelous harvest of souls twentyfive years he was in the stake bear testimony that I know that God into the kingdom of God. I have been presidency and filled many other relives, that Jesus is our Redeemer, the

touched by their parents, with many of sponsibilities—but he never forced his Only Begotten of the Father in the flesh,

whom I have talked. There are still views upon us and never compelled us the Savior of mankind who gave his

many widows in this Church who wash to participate. He never touched one of life to atone for our sins; that Joseph

and iron, who sweep and empty wastehis children. But by some inspired Smith was indeed a prophet of God, the

baskets to keep sons and daughters in psychology he planted in us a faith, a prophet of this dispensation; that the

the mission field, and who would mortlove for the restored gospel, and, I think, Lord's work is here and is real and gage all they have to give whatever a desire to do the right thing. under his direction; and that President

might be felt necessary to make more I would like also to express appreciaDavid O. McKay stands, as did the

effective the work of a son or daughter tion to my marvelous and faithful mothprophet of this dispensation, to lead the in the mission field. er. She died three years before I went kingdom of God, as the stone which was

I have thought, as has Brother Tuttle, on a mission. I received my call in the cut out of the mountain without hands,

of my teachers of the Primary, the Sundays of depression, and money was which should roll forth and fill the day School, and the MIA, and of the scarce, and the mission to which I went earth.

Aaronic Priesthood leaders who helped was then the most costly in the Church. God help us, you and me, to live up

me along when I was a noisy boy, and But we found that she, through the to the testimonies which we carry in who exercised patience and forbearyears, had banked some of her small our hearts, I humbly pray in the name ance. I do not remember many of the change and set up, as it were, a trust of Jesus Christ. Amen.

458 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Some fun... this summertime lookin'on 5. You'll

get continued and consistent good programming... no

letdown during the summer months... no ups and

downs due to special audience surveys. Get in on the five

plan... programming with you in mind all through the

year.

KSLTV your "all year"station!

JUNE 1958 459 all nations, according to the word which advancement. Personally, I am very

he hath spoken. (2 Nephi 25:3.) grateful for the impetus being given by

the First Presidency to the work among

In the main the missionaries in Mexthem.

ico are in good health, working hard, Many other matters weighed upon my and therefore enjoying the spirit of their mind as throughout our extensive travelcallings. We visited with and heard the ing we observed conditions among them.

reports and testimonies of 254 of them. The effects of the Spanish conquest and

Many of the people among whom they of four centuries of domination by seculabor are receptive to the gospel. Last lar and ecclesiastical tyrants are everyyear there were 1,288 convert baptisms. where painfully apparent. The ruins,

As of the first of the year the Church with their mute evidence of socalled membership in Mexico was 11,249. fertility cults and human sacrifice, eloThe missionaries tell of many faithquently testify to the degraded status to

the Church promoting experiences. To me, however, which they had fallen long before the

the greatest is the transformation taking Spanish conquest.

feelings, in thinking, and inthe place saddened as I contrasted was My heart in MEXICO themselves. terests of the missionaries their present circumstances with the

Their adjustment to the environment blessed conditions which prevailed

Marion G. Romney and the language, together with the love among their progenitors following the

of the Council of the Twelve they develop for the humble people they postresurrection ministry of Jesus. At

serve, must be seen to be appreciated. It that time, as you will remember, they

could not be accomplished but by the developed a society superior to an}'since

My beloved brethren and sisters: I power of God. Imagine, if you will, an Eden, save that of Enoch only; a society

loved and respected our leaders who Englishspeaking twentyyear-old lacLbein which, "there was no contention...

have gone to their rewards since last coming so absorbed in Spanish that after because of the love of God which did conference. To Sisters Bennion, McKay, but three months he has difficulty beardwell in the hearts of the people"; a

and Kirkham I pay my respects and pray ing his testimony in English. Like all society in which, "there were no envythe Lord to comfort, sustain, and bless true missionaries, each regards his own ings, nor strifes, nor tumults, nor whorethem and their families. field of labor as choice above all others. doms, nor lyings, nor murders, nor any

I have been touched by the testimonies My fellow countrymen, Harvey H. manner of lasciviousness;"a society in

of these men who have this day been Taylor and Claudious Bowman, the miswhich every member had conquered the called into service as General Authorision presidents, are wise and able men. lusts of the flesh. "... and surely,"conties. I feel certain that the Lord inspired With their devoted wives they give cludes the record, "there could not be a

President McKay to name them. From faithful service. happier people among all the people

my acquaintance with them and my In Mexico, itself, marked advancement who had been created by the hand of knowledge of their work, I can testify has been made during the past forty God."(4 Nephi 1516.)

that all of them are faithful and devoted years. Reforms forged in the Revolu- "... my joy is great, even unto fulness,

servants of God. tion have measurably advanced the because of you,..."Jesus said to them,

I want to say just a word about Brother democratic process. A comparatively "yea, and even the Father rejoiceth, and

Joseph T. Bentley who has this day been stable government has arisen. Phealso all the holy angels,..."(3 Nephi

called to preside over the Young Men's nomenal progress has been made in 27:30.) As I contemplated this golden

Mutual Improvement Association. I education. Industry has expanded. era, I remembered also that even as

joined wholeheartedly in the vote of apHard-surfaced roads and air lanes crissJesus spoke his joy was turned to sorrow preciation to the brethren who are being cross the country. The population is and he said, as he previsioned the aposreleased. I know they have rendered rapidly increasing. For many, living tasy into which their posterity would

long and able service, and I feel sure standards have improved. fall:

It that these to occurred and by me to will a be prove Brother Bentleythat it of because behold, sorroweth But is me to beginning other the Lord means I to successor them. haveworthy known generation, this fourth generation the from of to receive Lehi prepare the remnant I born. he the time from knew washim

. sell for silver will for and they me their blessings. promised father, Bentley.his C. was Joseph He for for.. gold, doth that which moth and their progenitors, to said Jesus I the unborn bishop time from wasmy thieves break through corrupt can which and

til visit I will in that and steal. day we And prophets; the of the children are ye...

their their works turning upon even inwhen of Israel; ye are them, are of the ye house myleftmotherMexico.was inI rememberneed, my fatherhow and and

being away from home, he let me chop of the covenant which the Father made own heads. {Ibid., 27:32.)

wood from some old stumps in the tithwith... Abraham.

ing office yard. I can still remember And... this people will I establish in They who spurned the light of his

the blisters. He was a very wise man. this land,... and it shall be a New Jerugospel and began the descent into the

shall of the rembe the through heaven darkness awful powers which And suffer for the salem. to us permit did notHe

I will this of people; yea, even in the midst this since passed not has only nant had life, to it that ofnecessities but he saw

22.) of 20:25, in the you. (3 midst Nephi be also the before them, they had warning got. for what worked wewe

six of given hunsome Nephi warning first, things; three to I desire do Today of faces into nearly 10,000 the Looking their earlier. foretold years dred He misthe short report a Mexican onmake I investigators, and Church members this doleful apostasy, concluding with I visited; a second, justsions draw have blessings their of and promised thought note: of history the Mexican the lesson from that status their present with contrasted

third, their progenitors; and,people and generalooked, beheld three rise and to attain them. And I to must which they

lesson to of that application anmake their righteousness; in tions... pass and away divine also commission of our I thought

day. of ourthe people like the unto white garments even were all gospel to carry to the and was them

.. I of as text the of words taken God. have Lamb my of the magnitude but by overwhelmed

.. I of fourth generathe saw many. AndNephi: I too, task. remembered, But then the righteousness. in.passed tion away who

will that hasten assurance Lord's he the I the people beheld looked and... I And people,, write unto unto Wherefore, my

its comforted his in was time and work in multitudes together of gathered seed hereafter these shall receive all my that those things which I write, that they may know with the knowledge that the acceptance against the seed of my brethren; and they

the judgments of God, that they come upon of the gospel will greatly accelerate their were gathered together to battle.

460 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA i* r I ve been saving

n

for years! ir

says Mrs. Gladys Hardy

of Orem

|fe<

"What's all this talk about trading stamps being new? Nonsense!

I've been saving S & H Green Stamps for years! And I understand the Sperry and Hutchinson Company, distributors of

S & H Green Stamps, has been in continuous operation for 61 years—more than 40 years in Utah. That's proof enough

for me that they're a reliable company. And goodness knows

they've done okay by me. I've got dozens of things around the

house that I wouldn't have been able to afford if it weren't for

S & H Green Stamps. Figure I've saved hundreds of dollars

during these past ten years!"

JUNE 1958 461 And... I beheld... that the seed of lives, whether it shall terminate in the Our whole world is in confusion. The

my brethren did overpower the people of shadow or in the light. wisdom of our wise men has proved inseed.my crisis. testifies rising to this the stay History adequate to conWith amply

. wars and I saw and rumors of wars clusion. destrucuniversal to unleash the the Lord means Through Noah them;among.. in wars and rumors and

fear evil of their in the and of the antediluvians hands imtion men, of warned I generationswars pass away. saw many

And... after they had dwindled in unpending destruction. With the warning, apprehension ride with every breeze. Inbelief they became a dark, and loathsome, he presented the means of escape—the the past, situations similar to ours have

and a filthy people, full of idleness and all gospel of Jesus Christ. His hearers generally terminated in destruction. It

manner of abominations. (1 Nephi 12:11spurned the warning; rejected the goswould seem that the judgments of God

12, 15, 19, 21, 23.) pel; the floods came. are about to be once more poured out

The Lord sent many prophets to the upon the nations.

Notwithstanding these warnings, they Jaredites, who is, it I as situation being world Thewilfully took the course. downward The feel that, to fact impelled the emphasize

of..judgments. since have which of of God prophesied destruction that the as respect to already pointed out with

... visited great repent, except people shouldbeen they but upon have been them similar in situations past, the the Lord (Ether 11:1.) fruits inevitablethe their of rebellion.

this in and, coming, one saw harmony as judgmentsThese came, however, his pattern, the universal with sounded Ether, the approached, end As said to they would,Nephi according the of prescribed the warning and means the spoken. Lordword which had

.. is escape. pattern the For although until cry did the even from morning

for But, the to time prepare to them of the exhorting the sun,. going the universal so lesson that the down be may

is theirreceive at blessings hand. now lest to in believe people repentance unto God history, clearly the from Lord drawn

this. are assured,.. becauseOf Jesus we (Ibid., they 12:3.) should be destroyed, of disthe always people a warns new

said that the of Book when Mormon raised pensation prophets through up ".. it rejected to prophetsshould shall the brought be were them, and The their in day. unto This he them own

sign a perished. Jareditebe nation that unto them, they know may. this for generation the has through done

"......... of in ofthat the reign the the Zedekiah Father already work hath great of restoration, the prophet Joseph

commenced unto the fulfilling of"his came many prophets, prophesying unto Smith, Jr. Through him the Lord repromises. (3 Nephi 21:7.) the people that they must repent, or the peatedly declared that the world was

city Jerusalem,"would of of great Great is the message the Book be deripening in that unless iniquity and men inhabitants, stroyed with many of its to of Lehi. the remnantMormon From destruction repented overtake would

it they may learn of their origin, that while others, "should be carried away them.

into captive Babylon."(1 Nephi are of of Israel,they the that they house 1:4, For example, in March 1829, he said: their message prophets and 13.) The ofare heirs It reveals covenant. to the

rejected, capwere the Babylonian and of teaches and Christ Jesusthem them shall desolating scourge a go forth... tivity followed. If his gospel. they will learn,and study, the earth, of the inhabitants and among told the multitude Jesus at Jerusalem it is, it for accept in truthand they what shall to be continue poured out time from

will come to know and understand their that their rejection of him would bring to time, if they repent not, until the earth past, they will obtain a vision of and desolation to their homeland; the buildis empty, and the inhabitants thereof are

a hope in their future, and they will ings of the temple would be thrown consumed away and utterly destroyed by the realize as did their progenitors that only down, and not one stone would be left brightness of my coming.

through accepting and obeying the gosupon another; that in the destruction Behold, I tell you these things, even as

pel of Jesus Christ can they obtain their the Jews would suffer great tribulation, I also told the people of the destruction of verified shall Jerusalem; be and word scattered the thereafter my be upon and blessings.promised

it this at as verihitherto time hath been all nations. earth to of True, be hated

I But leave not the would with you fied. 5:1920.) (D & C for his crucified they warning. But Jesusimpression that of the the message Book

Titus besieged temple Jerusalem. The isof for the only. remnant Mormon will this as prediction, that note You scatdestroyed, the were and It was Jews of peculiar application ushas to the is like in past, were predictions the contered.

States.United expressed message The is "If ditional. not,"repent they the of are at crossroads the antoday We of epic confirmed the andby Nephi by condition. for this as For generation in pattern, cycle universal other a the

is of unithe peoples Book Mormon all others, the Lord the has provided everlasting consefraught cycle withversal, is of escape. This means now, means it close shall in the quences. Whether

and.. will. thecontinuejudgmentsto] of. God.. come[haveuponalwaysall termine.light or inThethe ominousshadow issignsfor usare toupondeJesusand hasChrist.always been, the gospel of

nations [regardless of time or place], accordus, and the issues are crystal clear. In the preface to the Doctrine and

ing to the word which he hath spoken. (2 Covenants, the book in which the reveNephi 25:3.) lations sounding the warning and declaring anew the saving principles and

This law embraces two divinely reordinances of the gospel are published, vealed constants. Amos put one of them the Lord said:

in these words,

I cathe the Wherefore, Lord, knowing will Surely the nothing, he but do Lord inthe should lamity which come upon his secret his the servantsrevealeth unto of earth, habitants called the upon myprophets. 3:7.) (Amos servant Smith, unto spake Jun., and Joseph

him from heaven, and gave him commandJesus thus stated the other: ments;

also to others, gave And commandments will the that heaven Although, come, days that they these things proclaim should unto shall yet pass earth away; wordsand my

(Ibid., 1:1718.) the world.

all fulshall shall not pass but away, be filled. (Joseph Smith 1:35.)

"These things"are, of course, the

Understanding and applying these revelations published in the Doctrine truths, men and nations may determine and Covenants. In them the issues of

for themselves the cycle of their own our day are as clearly set before us as

462 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

muk, ThJMwi o PlwvuwL..

IStrawberries are so-o-o good Strawberries are so delicious and can be eaten in so many different delicious ways that it's no wonder they've always been such a family favorite.

Used in fruit cups, fruit salads, gelatins, ice cream, cobblers, pies, i short cake, or just with cream and sugar, strawberries add appeal to any meal. JO*,.

Preserved or made into jam, you can enjoy them all year round as spreads, or as toppings for pancakes, puddings and ice cream. And of course

strawberries and U and I Sugar go hand in hand. Make sure you're prepared SUGAR t

for the big berry season ahead: check up on your sugar supply now.

And remember: you can'f buy a finer, purer sugar than homeproduced U and / Sugar.

JUNE 1958 463 were the issues of the past set before the On the other hand, if men will hearkgospel, there wells up in my heart the antediluvians by Noah; the Jaredites by'en to and accept the means of escape, desires expressed by Alma when he

Ether; the people of Zedekiah by Jerethe gospel of Jesus Christ as restored said:

Smith, the the Prophet the Master. themiah; by through Joseph Jews They

I angel, could that have were and an O set as as as follow. certainly Fears shallare clearly before us they rewards were

I of heart, that the go might wish mine set to confidence; clouds will give before Nephites the by war and Nephi way the forth speak of God, with and trump

the Resurrected Jesus. will fade; righteousness will come; peace with a voice to shake the earth, and cry

By spurning the warning and rejectwill reign. Again there shall return to repentance unto every people!

ing the means of escape, we shall most earth that glorious state of felicity which Yea, I would declare unto every soul, as certainly bring upon ourselves the preblessed the Nephites in the days of with the voice of thunder, repentance and of should that the they plan redemption, I truths witness. these Jesus. bear To for of destruction,dicted the words

there that repent our unto God, and come I see of tangible the evidence earth heavenJesus, "Although and When all face the sorrow be not might upon more faces light in the the shall shining from notshall pass words them away;......my of earth. 29:1-2.)., the (Alma

pass away,"(Joseph Smith 1:35) are and the happiness enjoyed by those in

still immutable. every land who receive and live the In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

ACCEPTANCE indebted,I could asmentionothers manyhave todone.whomI Ishallam Itfidence.has beenI lovemyhimprivilegewith allto mydo heart.some

not take that time. I cannot, however, little work with and for him to help

refrain from speaking of my angel to take a little of the burden from his

Hugh B. Brown mother, who, when I was a little child, heart. I thank God for that association.

of the Council of the Ttvelve had faith in my destiny, and all through I love and honor his Counselors and my life helped me to believe and try the members of the Quorum of the to be worthy of it. Twelve, each one of whom I know, in

I would he ungrateful if I did not each one of whom I have absolute conMy dear brethren and sisters, I reacknowledge that Zina Card Brown, my fidence. I restate my faith. I rededispond to this call in deep humility, with beloved wife, is more responsible for cate my life. I thank you for your

a keen sense of my own inadequacy, but my being here today than am I. To confidence. I pray for forgiveness of my

with confidence in my Brethren who these two women I am profoundly grateweaknesses and sins, and ask for your have thought me worthy of it. I shall ful and thank God for their lives and charity and tolerance and for God's

spend the balance of my life trying to their influence on my life. blessings, in the name of Jesus Christ.

make their judgment good. I thank President McKay for his conAmen.

in participating to their. listened true the high in can be ideals of the have

as to a SUMMATION whoideals given these the messages speakers. noble members, by and

to true ourselves and associates, withour and a thoughtsthese Brethreninspiredof theby Generalthe remarksAuthoriof to Weour lovedcannotones,be to

BLESSING ties,futurewithoutin a morelivingspiritualtonight homeand inthanthe moreout feelingabout athisdeterminationgreat truth toto whichknow heretofore. That is our duty. testimonies have been borne. The spirit

No man or woman who has listened within bears testimony that truth exists

President David O. McKay in can be true to himself or to herself in this old world, and the spirit feeds

without doing something to make life upon that truth. I have much to say,

sweeter and better in their home than but I shall summarize it, because of the it was. That is our responsibility. lateness of the hour, by applying to the

And now another annual conference Secondly, the great theme has been truth of the gospel what Mr. Jordan says

of the Church has become history. In that salvation and peace, contentabout truth in general:

conclusion, none of us should leave this ment of the human family, not only in We cannot truly believe that we are conference, first, without a resolution in the home but also in community life, the children of God and that God exists his or her heart to live a better life. will come through obedience to the without believing in the final inevitable

True religion cannot be worn only on principles of the gospel of Jesus Christ. triumph of truth of the gospel of Jesus

Sundays, laid aside as you put aside your It has been the season of Easter, and Christ. And as we leave this conference

Sunday clothes, and left to lie in mothevery speaker has referred to the salvawe shall have less worry about the deballs during the week. True spirituality tion, glorified life, the eternal gospel of struction of the world and the present

should be expressed in daily activity. the Resurrected Christ. We cannot be civilization because God has established

That has been a theme of this great true to ourselves and to our loved ones his Church, never to be thrown down conference. and our associates, without being deteror given to another people, and as God

No father, no mother, no husband, mined to live more in accordance with lives and his people are true to him and no wife, and no children who have been those divine principles. I mean in daily to one another we need not worry about

here in attendance with them should life, in our speech, in our selfcontrol, the ultimate triumph of truth.

return home without going into a better in home associations, with business asIf you have that testimony of truth home than that which they left when sociates, in political fields—that is the on your side, you can pass through the

they came. No fathers and mothers obligation we have taken upon us by dark valley of slander, misrepresentation,

464 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

and abuse, undaunted as though you wore a magic suit of mail, that no bullet could enter, no arrow could pierce. You

can hold your head high, toss it fearlessly and defiantly, look every man calmly and unflinchingly in the eye, as though you rode, a victorious king returning at the head of your legions, with banners waving and lances glistening and bugles filling the air with music.

You can feel the great expansive world of more health surging through you as the quickened blood courses through the body of him who is gladly, gloriously proud of physical health. You will

know that all will come right in the end, that it must come, that all must flee before the great white light of truth, as the darkness slinks away into nothingness in the presence of the sunburst.

So, brethren and sisters, with truth as,;..,.,:;;;:.;,'..-'...'

our guide, our companion, our ally, our inspiration, we may tingle with the consciousness of our kinship with the

Infinite, and all the petty trials, sorrows, and sufferings of this life will fade away as the temporary, harmless visions seen in a dream. That is our privilege

through God's blessing and guidance if Crates For Balky Burros. Thousands of

we apply in daily activity the spiritual American youngsters now own their own blessings and privileges of the gospel of burros, imported from the Southwest.

Jesus Christ. Formerly, they were shipped loose, with

so to enjoy help us all to do and God Only STEEL their traveling papers tied round their of blessings in I praysuch the name

Jesus Christ. Amen. necks. Trouble was, the burros ate the

can do papers,free. Now,andburrossometimesare shippedthey'd scamperin wirebound crates which are strong, light and

MY CHERRY TREE open. They eat alfalfa, instead of waybills so many jobs and shipping tags. The wireproducing

by Frances C. Yost divisions of United States Steel supply

All winter long the branches of the so well boundcountlesscratesmilesandofboxes,steel whichwire forare wireused tree to ship everything from lettuce to farm

Swish on my bedroom window by machinery.

the stairs.

I share my room with this bough Watch otherthe UnitedWednesdayStates(10 Steelp.m. EasternHour ontime).TV every constantly.

It gently hovers when I say my prayers. soft sap, likeThe the bark. pink blood, shows (USS) United States Steel through

In spring pink blossoms flutter on my bed Like talcumscented flowers in the park.

Before my eyes the bulletpocks turn ti n redAnd grow to marble size, with tender BURNED OUT skins REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY

Each little gem, lime sour, but beautiful. A fire may mean you are out of a place to live,

June comes: my tree's aflame with with tremendous added expense before you find

cannikins, another.

Juicy and sweet, a fruited miracle. Let us explain your need for ample insurance

Now I can reach my arms out, pick to cover today's higher values.

and eat Ripe cherries, which are my own bedside treat. UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

JUNE 1958 465 "If I wore white shoes, I'd beg for Hugh B. Brown

HOLLYWOOD SANIWHITE"(Continued) chard—apples, peaches, plums, and other fruit, along

with the cows, horses, pigs, and chickens.

You don't have to beg for Hugh B. Brown has often told

HOLLYWOOD friendshe ever thatknewthewasgreatesthis mother—tallcharacter

and slender, with brown hair and blue eyes, an able executive and asaniwhite devout Latterday Saint. Her name SHOE POLISH was Brown before she was married.

But... you'll demand Hollywood SaniWhite once you

know how good it is. Keeps white shoes looking smart She was daughter of James S.

fresh times. at all and Does not streak. Safest for Brown, who had marched with the

it's baby, because nontoxic.

Mormon Battalion and who, had FOR ALL WHITE SHOES been on the scene when gold was discovered near Sutter's Mill in

California. James Brown also had a

reputation as a speaker.

Lydia Brown, despite the heavy chores children with fourteen of her his Elder with Brown son, Hugh C, will Your shoes liked take to child own, alone each II. in killed was World who War

be white as snow, for occasions a chat. on "The Lord

when you use has chosen you to be one of his

HOLLYWOOD servants,"she would tell Hugh. "I girl with golden ringlets that

waist. Her fair

and smooth sanibehaveexpect bigyourself."things Hughfrom you.Brown,Nowthe reachedskin was belowas prettyher

white barefoot boy who herded Jerseys the petals on a bride's gardenia. Heras

CUANS AS IT WHITENS and Holsteins in the salt grass near name was Zina Young Card, and she \ Good Heutakeiplnf / Salt Lake Valley's Jordan River, coyly gave a reading. Hugh then

never forgot those words. told his mother a secret: "Some day

His mother never used the switch I'm going to marry that girl!"

"FOR THE WHITEST OF WHITE, on him. When he erred, she would When Hugh returned from his

GET SANIWHITE"say: "Hugh, I'm surprised at you. mission to Great Britain several

I'm disappointed."And the boy years later, the girl with the ringlets

Also makers of the famous would go off and cry as if hit by had moved to Salt Lake City. FurSANI-BROWN, SANIBLACK, a stick. ther, she was "serious"with another

SANIRED When Hugh was fourteen, his fellow. Hugh Brown made three

father and elder brother journeyed trips to Utah: "First, to tell her my

AND ALL HOLLYWOOD SKUF to western Canada. They were gone intentions; second, to convince her;

COLORS two years, establishing a farm on the and third, to marry her."He did,

If your dealer is out, call or write: rolling plains near the towering on June 17, 1908, in the Salt Lake

Rockies in Alberta. Latterday Saints Temple. President Joseph F. Smith

BEEHIVE SALES hada decadebegun before.colonizing the area about performedjourney fromthe Canadaceremony.to theOncerethe

COMPANY Meanwhile, young Hugh, his mony, Hugh was almost drowned

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH mother, and his younger brothers while ridingswimming a horse

Phone HU 5-1476 managed the family and farm in across the swollen St. Mary's River

P. 0. Box 1233 Salt Lake Valley. near Cardston.

When Hugh was sixteen, the famZina Card Brown is a grandily joined his father in Canada, on a daughter of Brigham Young. Her

YOUR ERA SUBSCRIPTION MAY EXPIRE 1,000acre farm at Spring Coulee, father, Charles Ora Card, drove an... when you're least expecting fifteen miles east of Cardston on the ox team across the plains and was

it. But it needn't. For, by knowroad to Lethbridge. Here the the pioneering father of the Mormon

ing the expiration date—and by Browns'fourteenth child was born. colonies in western Canada. Zina's

renewing at least two months (All lived to maturity.) The Browns mother, Zina Young Card, mothered

before that date arrives—you moved to Cardston two years later. the Saints'colony in Alberta. She

can insure against missing even Hugh's father there bought an unwas a woman of culture and kindness a single issue of The Improvefinished house foundation, and over in whose home Church Authorities ment Era. it built a tenroom home of frame and national leaders in business and

To renew just mail your payand stone. government were entertained.

ment of $2.50 along with a copy A wedding reception was held in Through all his trials and triof your address label to the Brown home one day. On the umphs, Hugh B. Brown has found

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA program was a thirteenyear-old Zina loyally at his side. "She con50 No. Main St.

Salt Lake City, Utah

466 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Get the

tinued to believe in me at times when I did not believe in myself,"he once confided to a friend. They

have been blessed with six daughtersand two sons. After fifty years toBig Bonus

gether, Zina still addresses her husband as "Darling."Change to

Hugh Brown farmed in Canada.

his riding are thoseThere who recall 'I sulky Alberta's black i / / - # * j overthe plow soil Bible his lap—the with a book in *****—- or yjjj Milton,or Shakespeare, Keats,

another favorite. In Canada he also

managed the Cardston Mercantile

Company and a hotel.

He took some prelegal training at the University of Utah and was later admitted to the Law Society of Alberta as a studentat-law and You'll thrill to a new concept of smooth, surging, was articled with David H. Elton, knockfree power.

barrister and solicitor in Lethbridge. Choose the grade your car is designed to use—UltraAfter five years, he was admitted to forPowerthoseRegularwith higherfor mostcompression.cars and UltraPower Ethyl

the bar in Calgary as a barrister and Utoco UltraPower/ Gasoline, created by solicitor, when he was thirtyseven. modern research, will make your car perMeanwhile Hugh Brown answered form at its best.

a call to his country's colors. In travelingGives newfuncarsandmorethrifty,muscle,too. old cars more life, makes

1910, he was asked to raise a Octane (antiknock) and quality ratings of UltraPower

Canadian militia among the Morgasolines are at all time highs.

mon men of Alberta. He did, and For greatest motoring pleasure, drive into a UtocO

three years later he was given the station and get the care your car deserves.

rank of major. He was commander You ex pect more from Utoco

of the squadron of cavalry when and you get it!

World War I erupted in 1914. Hugh

B. Brown had one of the finest

mounted squadrons in the entire

British army. There was a solid row

of twenty dapple grays, another of blacks, another of sorrels, and a fourth twenty of bays—each troup

with a mounted lieutenant in front.

Major Brown rode a big, highstep- ping sorrel called Steamboat.

"His example of manly courage Here are other Utoco top quality products and services. '

and righteous actions continued with UTOCO Super Permalube—finest oil weather

us as a source of great strength MotorATLAS Oil.Tires, Batteries and Accessories

while we were in combat in France,"guaranteed by Utah Oil Refining Company, wrote Archibald F. Bennett, 2 one of coast.honoredYourby guarantee38,000 dealersof top value.tram coast to

his men. WhiteCourteousTorchfriendlyRestrooms.service.

Perhaps the most moving address UTAH OIL REFINING CO.

Hugh B. Brown ever gave was at a

military camp in Petawawa, Ontario, in the summer of 1918, when World

War I neared a climax. Major

Brown had brought 1,500 recruits ABOUT SENTINELS train from westernby Canada. inHave uou were them some toughs,Among hfiaiiA NEW FAMILY PLAN?

cluding former jail inmates. At -0 One policy protects Dad ($5,000), Mother ($1,000), and all

with no arrivals children FUTURE each)—even ($1,000 thePetawawa, ordered the group was

are Dad in and the increase premium. low one temporarily.to remain German per month $9.44 old, beIf onlyMother years the 25 premium would

submarines were causing trouble off regardlesshave! Compareof howwithmanyyour childrenpresent theycost. haveFor specialor expectfolderto

the east coast. Already there were giving complete details, write to:

4,500 men stationed at the camp.

The Brown group made it 6,000. THE

No leaves were permitted.

Shortly after midnight a sergeant 2121 South State Street Salt Lake City, Utah

Underwritten by Sentinel Security Life Ins. Co.

JUNE 1958 467 awakened Major Brown in his tent. returned to Britain as mission presiBrown, serving as a Church co-

"There is a riot in camp,"the serdent. He was there when World ordinator of servicemen. In 1944,

geant yelled. "The men are ripping War II broke out, and helped evacuhe was called to return to Britain as

up tents and threatening to set fire ate the missionaries from England mission president. He crossed the

to the camp."and other European countries. Atlantic aboard a Greek freighter in

Major Brown was the ranking Thousands of Latterday Saint a convoy. Amid the ruins of batofficer on the scene. He sent for the youths during World War II were tered London, he often heard the

other officers. About thirty of them stirred to nobler living by Elder whine of enemy buzz bombs. In

reported at his tent. They were

armed with pistols.

"Put down your guns, men,"the major ordered. "We're going out

there unarmed."The officers stepped

out into a milling, shouting mob.Some were drunk. Hugh B. Brown CiWith what judgment

climbed atop a table. Then he beto talk.gan a.m. 2 about It was now

tent ye judge..."the peg struck on him backA

of the head. He kept talking. A

small group gathered around him and listened. He pleaded to the

men's loyalty. He told of the futility Richard L. Evans

of mob rule. Others continued the

tumult of terror. As Major Brown

kept talking, his audience kept growLast week we talked of the almost impossibility of ing. By 5 a.m. order had returned pleasing people who have their minds made up to

to the camp. THE find fault. No one of us is perfect. All of us make

SPOKEN mistakes. All of us do some things we should and Next day, approximately seventyWORD

five ringleaders were brought before some things we shouldn't and some things that

Major Brown. He told them there seem to be other than what we earnestly intend—and all of us

would be no charges if they would have need for repentance. And anyone—any onlooker, any obbe men and thereafter "play ball."server, any accuser—can misjudge the motives of other men, or

in can, circumstances, or innocent honest even unsome and make himself Major received a Brown "... or, as in actions sinister—intentional Isaiah: suggested seem

I. duringreprimand World War He

.. Z'a for of a the court 1 In an offender a word. law make man Shorncliff, at stationedwas near

is witnesses. confronted elsewhere conviction with accused But cliffsEngland's of white Dover. In

Britain he had been giving serviceoften comes by whispering, by gossip, by irresponsible accusation, sources, that or even sometimes unseen innuendo appears from from final their training before goingmen is trial this print. in indefensible often unfair of kind and Andinto in France. general combat A

if little rules of evidence, without any with any conducted and into tent.peeped Brown's Major He

to truth or private the or public to present overtake opportunity the major seated tentsaw the on it are that opinion. to often Unfortunately, people prone seemsfloor enlisted with "Brown, men.

you'll never maintain the respect of believe the worst and to condemn quickly on what someone else your men if you get down with them has said, or simply on what appears might be so—or simply because

like that,"the general roared. Major someone has asked questions, which are assumed to be not quesonly, well. as tions valid accusations should but we ever Why holding been anBrown had MIA feel so facts sure that the full inconclusive on flimsy and we know in withmeeting the Mormon men

camp. evidence? And why should we be so quick sometimes to find fault

when we so little know the facts? As Emerson observed: "When

Following the war, Elder Brown we quarrel, how we wish we had been blameless"-—which

in to Alberta,returned 1921 where say, to sentence could be paraphrased "When we criticize, how we first of president Lethhe became faultfinder, blameless."determined wish an unhad been we A

bridge Stake. He resumed his law just judger, a prejudiced person, or a mean or a small or a malicious

practice, and later moved to Salt man could, if he would, find fault with anyone and everyone, could

Lake City. There he became affilimisconstrue motives, could twist words, could misinterpret, misated with the law firm of J. Beuben color, or make any act or utterance seem something other than

Clark, Jr., Preston D. Bichards, and what it was. Judgment based on gossip or emotion, or prejudice or

Albert E. Bowen. He also became mere appearance, or on malice or immaturity, is a kind of character

president of Granite Stake. Later killing which is unworthy of any or all of us. "Judge not according

he served the State of Utah and to the appearance,"said our Lord and Savior, "but judge righteous federal government in positions of judgment.""1 "For with what judgment ye judge, ye shall be judged:

responsibility, and in 1934 was an and with what measure ye mete, it shall be measured to you again."4

unsuccessful candidate for the

United States Senate. "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Always ready to place a Church Columbia Broadcasting System, March 30, 1958. Copyright 1958.

call first, in 1937 Hugh B. Brown See page 487 for references.

468 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA it all he was an inspiring leader of the Saints, a man whose eloquence moved many of Britain's leaders, including members of the cabinet.

Returning from Britain, he became an instructor at Brigham Young University. In 1950 he returned to private law practice. It took him back

to Canada, and when his call came in 1953 to be an Assistant to the

Twelve, he was president and general manager of an oil company in

Edmonton.

If you ask Hugh B. Brown where

his heart has been most during these many achievementcrowded years, he will tell you: in his home. There,

in the living room, is a huge painting of towering redwoods, streaked by shafts of sunlight. They seem to

symbolize a man who has weathered much and who stands tall, wellrooted, and strengthened, too, by light from on high. There is the

big easy chair, where Elder Brown's childrengrown to his still come side "Your Part in the Fabulous Years Ahead afor a story, counsel, and humor.

There is his large bedroom with walls lined with the bright jackets of many books. There is the lampover the bed where he often reads LEADERSHIP WEEK

until 6 a.m. There at home is Zina, June 2328, 1958

his sweetheart of half a century.

after B. The day Hugh Brown was

ordained apostle, an a of BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY member

Great Britain's Parliament visited EVERYONE INVITED—The week is not only

Salt Lake City. He was Llewelfor Church officers; everyone may attend.

lyn Williams, a blackhaired, fortyish LEADERSHIP ACCOMMODATIONS—Stay right on camWelshman and former clergyman. WEEK "EXTRAS"pus in comfortable residence halls. MealsHe dined with the Browns and a may be arranged on board and room

few others that evening. As "good Threeact play basis, on meal ticket or individually.

nights"were spoken, the British Arena theater REGISTRATION—Only a twodollar registo all entitles fee you to admission Fashion show trationlawmaker grasped B. Brown's Hugh

outline materials, classes, and attendance Science features it,hand warmly, held whisand at all events.

pered: "Pardon me, sir, but you are Daily feature movies

will attendance COURTESIESYour EXTRA assemblies Devotional aftera man own heart."my free transporby more pleasant be made

judging school Flower show are There thousands around the lounging areas tation around campus, world, in and out of the Church, Exhibits near class activities for those who wish to who would say the same of Elder Concerts by great artists rest, emergency health service.

Brown: "... a man after my own Tours INTENSIVE COURSESYou may choose

heart!"Archaeology symposium from hundreds of classes in "helps"for

Printed helps Church auxiliary organization workers,

Youth program "helps"search, science,in familyliterature,living, currentgenealogyevents,reetc.

DESERT SUNSET cup AND MA]L To: LEADERSHIP WEEK

by William Allen Ward OnCampus Adult Education Department

Adult Education and Extension Services

Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah

On the desert NAME Sunset is a golden urn (Mr.) (Miss) (Mrs.) Last Name First Middle

That overturns, spraying the ADDRESS

Naked foothills with jewels of Street City State

Rare beauty. WARD STAKE

Enclosed $2.00 Registration Send Free Leadership Week Bulletin

Make Checks payable to B.Y.U. Extension Services.

JUNE 1958 469 For Privacy For Beauty

For Safety

Teaching the Apostasy tices. The pattern of life, the mode

in immortalthe belief of worship, resurrection, and final judgment, BUILD A FENCE! (Continued) Both of these disaity,

bilities were, through specious reasimilar hopes determine the manner soning, passed on by Adam to all in which people organize their of his descendants, who therebv formal and private worship and their became partakers with him of this social order. Drawing a compariguilt and corrupt nature. In time son between God and an earthly

this gave rise to the doctrine of inpotentate, it was assumed that in fant baptism, which was an effort worshiping God, one must humiliate to escape the damnation which it himself in various fashions, or was supposed automatically fell upthrough various devices, as he would djfaftflfltip4* on all of Adam's posterity unless the in the presence of a monarch. This

**-* *i&? &JOj -**. gg '-T-tS taint of his sin was removed by this gave rise to much ceremonial worREDWOODR"mvsticalA secondrite.change wrought in the tiveship. of Thethe priest,God ofasheaven,the representacame toMDesign IS BEST! character of human beings has come be held in awe as God's vicegerent

to be designated as the doctrine of on earth. And it was taught that

12 Different Designs "The Depravity of Man."It taught only through absolute obedience to

There's an M-Design Redwood Fence to that even though the damning taint the requirements established by the suit taste. every every See and home to receive could church one hope the inherited from was removed Adam at local your lumber dealer samples and salvation. of sacraments saving the of the corrupt nature by baptism, from designs. choose M-Design a dozen

Redwood Fences hold stain finishes longer man's character remained to plague In this way, both the free agency of... and they last a lifetime. Buy on budget Adam's generations. This doctrine man and the democratic element of

terms. taught that man, possessing a corthe Primitive Church were lost from

Serfd for Free feme design folder rupt character, was incapable of Christianity.

making a good decision because his With the passing of centuries, new

AT YOUR LOCAL LUMBER DEALER tendencies were toward evil actions. elements became injected into ChrisIn time this led to such doctrines as tianity that were totally lacking in

MORRISONMERRILL & CO. predestination and salvation by its original form. One of these is

205 NORTH 3rd WEST grace. These theories were predithe enthusiastic interest in the maSALT LAKE CITY, UTAH cated upon the assumption that interial objects of early Christianity,

asmuch as man was in possession as manifested in the discovery of of a corrupt will, he could never, supposed relics of the early Church world without end, turn to God for and the great reverence in which searches in vain in the New TestaAriel Davis salvationand conductbecausewereall antagonisticof his thoughtsto these came to be viewed. One

God. Only by God intervening and ment for any interest in a lock of

Supply Co. forcing a person into repentance, hair, swaddling clothes, or similar

could there be any hope for salvaobjects of Christ's childhood. In

EXCLUSIVE INTERMOUNTAIN tion. Through such teachings was later centuries, such objects became

DISTRIBUTOR FOR man deprived of his eternal free will, greatly venerated and supernatural which seems to be so fundamental powers were attributed to them.

in the precepts of original ChristianFurthermore, no evidence exists that Samsonite ity. the early Christian was concerned

Other lines include: In addition to these perversions about historic sites, such as the scene

of man's character, a doctrine of the of Jesus'birth, his home in Nazareth,

FairPlay Scoreboards nature of man also came into existor the tomb in which he was buried.

YaleTowne Hardware ence which denied any relationship Centuries later these were supFollowspots between man and God. It was posedly identified and then became

Davis Lighting Dimmers predicated upon the Greek philocenters of pilgrimage, carrying unspiritual or benepurgatorial that assumption was usual God Berlin - Chapman Folding sophical faith acts of fits for performed outside of while time and space man

Bleachers was within both time and space. such sites. Here again is evidenceat

Stage Curtains and RigThis declared that man could not of a perverted innovation that apging be a son or child of God in the sense pears to borrow its basis from nonMiller Lighting Equipment of any creative relationship. It Christian practices.

made him a creation apart from Such innovations as celibacy, prices informationDetailed and saints, of veneration the monasticism, from him removed God and beon any of these lines may practices obpossibility and kinship of and other theories with a close tained by writing God, or a common bond of brothercould be added to make a long list

ARIEL DAVIS SUPPLY CO. hood with his fellow men. for further comparisons between

Social Hall 122 Avenue Christianity it was to doctrinal these dewhat was when In addition

City, Lake Utah Salt it in theological and what founded the by the Savior, made information on the items partures Please send me checked above. area, additional variations are to be has come to be, both in thought and

Name found in the field of religious pracpractice, during the intervening

Address

City State

470 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Samsoniteyears. If one's time is limited in obvious conclusion is that there has brings the upholsteredteaching the apostasy, the big issues been a departure from the Primitive

—theological and religious—should Church, and a restoration was the look to the world's

of the to a recovery only answer beto stressed show the contrastbe his strongest steel chair Christ, and gospel of Jesus started out Christianity whattween to be and what it has become. The Church.

"To be horn or to rise again...??

Richard L. Evans

New Every special day calls for some searching as to its significance. And Easter is no exception. We are indestructible

THE all aware of the outward evidences of it, but what

SPOKEN of the real cause for its commemoration: the resurWORD rection of Jesus the Christ, our Lord and our Savior,

who redeemed us from death. "Supernatural"some may say, and

in saying so may suggest some unresolved reservations. But what

is or isn't supernatural? Here we are alive, on a planet suspended Steel Folding Chair

in space—a beautiful and wondrous one, with sunrise and sunset,

and seedtime and harvest, and the changing seasons; and all that

grows, and all that moves; and man and his searching mind, and Special Samsonite process

the power to learn, and the love of loved ones, and all the evidence of the planning of Providence. Is this natural or supernatural? bonds nonscuff vinyl to steel

Perhaps some would suppose that the most natural thing is nothing. seat, for new elegance

to the first place? did anything—or be in come anyone—ever How I

all? at of anything there a beginning was up in any room wound "Who When

the Universe?"is one of the classic questions. Who organized it—Now—Samsonite brings you a completely

and who keeps it in its course? You see, we live in the midst of different folding chair! Watch your surmiracles. We see them at our very side. The first flower of Spring roundings take on new beauty with

is a miracle, the first bud that breaks Winter's death and dormancy. Samsonite upholsteredlook chairs. GuarBirth itself is a miracle—the awesome, sobering miracle of the anteed by GOOD HOUSEKEEPING. In

newborn babe—with hands reaching, with eyes watching, with washable tan or grey monk's cloth patterns.

ears listening, and intelligence that responds to truth. The fact Tests prove:

that we live, that we are, that we think and learn and love—all

this is a miracle and a mystery. Who gave instinct to animals? SamsoniteShield is slashproofPlasti-

Who gave the body wisdom to heal itself? Who gave two cells Slash it! Knife blades

the intelligence to join and divide, to become an eye, or a tooth, are ineffectual against or the hair of the head? Natural? Supernatural? We recall the PlastiShield's surface.

oftquoted question of Pascal, "Which is the more difficult, to be Won't nick, cut or tear.

born, or to rise again?"1 Surely immortality is no. more a miracle

than mortality is. And the Lord God who gave us life here, can

give us life everlastingly. To the believer there is the blessing of Samsonite Plastibelieving, even of knowing, beyond belief. To the doubter let it Shield is wearresist-

be said: He cannot know that the believer does not know. And ant! For all its luxuryPlasti- fine texture, this a certainty of witness assurance: with day with we would Job

colorful surface "... liveth."to those search Shield's redeemer I know 2 And that my who is durable, stands up

and seek, to those who sorrow, to those who are fearful and frusunder years of wear.

trated, to those who wonder, and those who weary along the way, this is the certainty and assurance of Easter—this is the assurance

of our Savior: that for us and for all men—including loved ones who

now seem lost—he did come forth from death to life; he did redeem Samsonite Plastius all from death. Shield is stainproof! Why cry over spilled

ink, nail polish, fruit "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square presented over KSL and die stains? PlastiShield's

Columbia Broadcasting System, April 6, 1958. Copyright 1958. protective surface

See page 487 for references. sponges clean.

FOR FREE BOOKLET write today to: Shwayder Bros.

Inc., Institutional Seating, Dept. IE-6, Detroit 29, Mich.

Also Makers of Samsonite Classroom Furniture 1958

JUNE 1958 471 Gordon B, Hinckley compelled to leave his field of labor said, "I have administered to my because of serious illness. When he father who is lying unconscious in

( Continued ) Across the street from arrived here in Salt Lake City, he the hospital and not expected to live, the Hinckley city home lived a beauunderwent an operation, following but I am strongly impressed that tiful girl, Marjorie Pay, who became which a room was secured for him he will not pass away while I am on attracted to this modest youth in near the hospital so his mother could this assignment."On the contrary,

whom she observed a keen intellect be with him while convalescing. It he indicated that his father would

and the ability to achieve. They was during the hot months of sumlive and gain strength. From that

were married in the Salt Lake mer, and the room became very untime to the present his father's conTemple on April 29, 1937. Sister comfortable. Elder Hinckley sent dition has shown some measure of

Hinckley, a loyal and devoted wife the electric fan from his office to improvement.

and mother, is presently serving in this elder so that his room could be Elder Hinckley is a man of versathe East Mill Creek Fourth Ward made more comfortable and his suftility who built and remodeled his

Relief Society presidency. They fering more bearable. own home. Among his many interhave been blessed with five lovely In 1930, when his mother suffered ests are mechanics and electronics.

children, Kathleen (19), Richard G. a lingering illness that resulted in He is especially gifted in writing and

(16), Virginia (13), Clark (10), her death, Gordon assumed much he is the author of What of the Morand Cynthia Jane (4). of her responsibility in the home and mons and the biography of James

Many who work under Elder extended to her a loving son's ten- H. Moyle, father of Henry D. Moyle

Hinckley's direction seek his advice der care so deeply appreciated by a of the Council of the Twelve. He

and respect his counsel. With the parent but so often lacking in youth. has also supervised the writing and

ability to make thoughtful decisions, Elder Hinckley's faith in his production of many radio broadhe rarely looks back with regret. He Father in heaven has been manicasts and Church publications.

loves people and his greatest concern fested many times. The day before During the course of his work, he

is their welfare. Telephone calls he left for New Zealand where he has interviewed writers, reporters,

come at all hours of the day and had been given an assignment by the and business representatives from night. First Presidency pertaining to the around the world. Without taking

Recently a young missionary was temple recently dedicated there, he his eyes from his task in typing a

.rope;

Wire Rope

Wire

Industrial Wire Cloth Heavy and Special Steel Items and Space Screens

i t THnt

Springs and THE COLORADO FUEL AND IRON CORPORATION Welded Wire Wires Formed

Fabric Salt Lake City Sales Office: 212 West 13th South Street

Metal Processing Belts Rails and Fasteners Hardware Products and Realock Chain Link Fence

Wire Products for Farm and Ranch

472 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA report or formulating or correcting a letter, he has many times listened to the problems of those laboring under his direction and rendered decisions.

He has a rare gift of concentration.

Elder Hinckley seldom forgets a name or a person. His excellent

memory is often displayed as he scans the vast amount of material and hundreds of letters that cross his desk.

His ability as an expert teacher was recognized early on his return home from the British Mission, where he served from 1933 to 1935. "The Future Is Yours If You Protect It"

A group of teenage boys were causing considerable confusion in the ward Sunday School. Elder Hinckyooperatlve cJLite of rmerica

ley reshaped their behavior, and COMPLETE LIFE INSURANCE SERVICE they soon became a source of joy and inspiration to this natural leader of youth. UTAH FARM BUREAU INSURANCE CO.

the responhe has had Whenever rePROTECTS YOUR VALUABLE PROPERTYsibility of rendering a decision of thegarding a young misconduct XJTAH is often heard or he woman,man STATE say,to the save must them FARM fZakeau "We embarrassment of facing their loved FEDERATION ones if possible and avoid the heartASSURES YOUR ECONOMIC INDEPENDENCE their toaches that may come future 65 EAST FOURTH SOUTH SALT LAKE CITY, UTAHfamily opporevery them by giving tunity to redeem themselves and EM 9-8668 establish a new way of life."When

the rare task of having to rebukesomeone is necessary, he has the Only 20 Extra Seconds unusual ability of instilling in the heart recipient of the conviction the To Make HOT Starchthat his interest for the love and wrongdoer are genuine. Elder Only hot starch penetratesHinckley was never a pugnacious Saves... Makes ironing easyindividual but often referred to as

Cold starch coats the surfaceshy. In his quiet way he is a 20 Minutes

peacemaker.... Makes ironing hard.

Elder Hinckley is a descendant of Ironing pioneer and Pilgrim forebears. He Guaranteed by

received his education in the Salt Good HousekeepingLake City public schools and is a Time graduate of the University of Utah.

While on his mission in Great The easiest starch to ironBritain, he worked on a special asTry it... You'll See / 5

signment given him by his mission president, the late Joseph F. Merrill

of the Council of the Twelve.

Brother Hinckley has served formany years as executive secretary of as near ai your the missionary committee of the

Church. During World War II, hewas assistant superintendent of the mailbox.

Salt Lake Union Depot and Railway MAIL TO

Company and later became assistant BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY manager of mail and express of the Adult Education and Extension Services

Denver and Rio Grande Railroad. HomeProvo, StudyUtah

He was offered an important Nameexecutive position with this comCOLLEGE

- Addresspany, but because of his great love AT HOME - City & State Please send me without cpst Brigham Young University's Home Study Catalog

JUNE 1958 473for the missionary work, he declined. from 1937 to 1946, as stake Sunday and narcotic drinks, enticing moving

He has directed the translation of School superintendent of Liberty pictures of vice and lust, whether in

Church literature for many years Stake, 1936 to 1937, as second and theaters or at home on my private and also supervised the preparation first counselor in the East Mill Creek television screen. There are others.

of the Liahona, the official Spanish Stake presidency, in 1956 as presi- I cannot be much of a citizen if I publication. He is a member of the dent of that stake. keep the facade of my country well

committee on foreign temples, havThere is no place in Gordon's life repaired and painted, but at the ing made two trips to Switzerland for disorder. He loves his work and same time allow the hidden termiteand one to New Zealand, attending achievement in it, and delights in like evils which waylay my children

the dedication and helping to inaugproductive results. to go undiscovered and unchecked.

urate the work of each temple. The Lord has guided the destiny Then there is the matter of conVice-president and a director of of this chosen leader throughout his science. If a man is plagued by

Recording Arts, Inc., he is also a life and has prepared him for this conscience, he is not free, nor does

director of Radio Service Corporaimportant position. That our Heavhe have liberty. True, he can walk

tion of Utah (KSL). His Church reenly Father may continue to bless about with the appearance of freesponsibilities have been many and him and his lovely family in helping dom, in the exercise of his liberty,

varied. He served as a member of to build the kingdom of God is the but in his relations with others he

the Deseret Sunday School Board sincere prayer of all who know him. feels the restraint and the curbs

which his past acts of unrighteousness place upon him. I would suspect that the most confining jail is

going to be—in the end—the knowledge of unworthy acts. Somedayaccording to the prophecy and the

doctrine—we shall stand to be

judged. There will be the long vista

The Price of Liberty Likewise, in my own struggle, I of the possibility of being in the shall be hard to defeat if I can mainpresence of the Lord. In that day

( Continued ) active to protect my tain moral integrity. There are we shall know that to be with him

liberty and that of my fellows. many influences which will try to forever is the most exquisite joy atMy political and civil liberties are defeat me in this, but one great thing tainable, and our hunger for this

important, but my moral liberties is sure, the Lord is on my side in joy and this privilege will be very are more so. I cannot obtain the one the effort, if I will to maintain rightsharp. But even as we turn toward

without the exercise of the other. I eous purpose. He has, through his that light and that possibility in our

cannot have true civil liberty withprophets, constantly urged that men anxiety, some of us will be stricken out unqualified obedience to moral obey the moral law. Even though I with the acute knowledge of our forlaw. Many a man who intended to become a Church official and confeiting deeds of the past, the unbe honest in administering law and stantly find it necessary to urge the repented sins, both of omission and

justice has been unable to do so people to greater integrity, my only commission. Somehow into our

because of some hidden infraction hope of success in the endeavor is souls will flash the words "valiant of the moral law, which designing that I be above reproach. Such for Christ,""anxiously engaged in a

men, discovering the weakness, use conduct builds confidence in me. If good cause,""did many things of

as blackmail and force him to do I call men to account as a judge in his own free will,""brought to pass their bidding. Israel, I can do it with confidence if much righteousness."These will not

Many years ago prejudiced leadmy own life is not tainted with the be the statements, they will be ers and organizations tried to prebreaking of moral and spiritual laws. questions! Those of us who have

vent Elder Reed Smoot from taking It is a fact that a man will accept maintained liberty of spirit and conhis seat in Congress. Could they judgment from an altogether rightscience will hear these questioning

have found one flaw in his moral eous person who is just. I cannot statements, and like Paul of old will

armament he would have lost his be free, even in this, unless I keep feel the surge of truth as our past opportunity to serve, but search as the moral law. Political and civil actions confirm our freedom and libthey would they could discover liberty are based on the moral freeerty. Then each of us shall declare,

nothing against him. dom of the men who administer the "I have fought the good fight, I have

Right now another such effort is law. finished my course, I have kept the

being made by those seeking perWhile I am engaged in this larger faith."To such will come the

sonal gain, to remove from a high struggle I may remind myself that a mighty completion of the promise:

office a righteous man. Gould they whole life is made of little things "... as many as receive me, to them

find a weak spot in his personal life, added together. The corroding corwill I give power to become the

such an Achilles'heel would be his ruption in big government must not sons of God."(D & C 11:30.)

undoing, but they have not been blind me to those evil things which But, on the other hand, there will able to do it. His integrity, his surround me now. I can resist perbe among us those whose fetters of

righteousness of purpose, his honor, haps, but can my children? I am not conscience and unworthiness will

his impeccable home life, make him very moral if I sit at ease and allow bind them still. If we are of that

invulnerable to personal attack. It the circulation of such things as pingroup, even as we yearn and desire,

is difficult to defeat a man dressed in ball machines, salacious and lewd we shall realize we have waited too the armor of righteousness. literature, easily obtained alcoholic long. If we are permitted to under474 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

stand what we have missed, we John Marble announces his shall, even as the vision fades, face the awful consequences of never achieving what we, too late, came to desire. For louder than our selfaccusations will be the words of awgiant

ful judgment: "... for where I am

they cannot come for they have no power."(Ibid, 29:29.)

The perfect law of liberty is based upon obedience—as nearly perfect

as possible—to the laws of God.Men know these laws. They have SURPLUS SALE

been cried forth by prophets since recorded time began. In the

ORDER NOW! spirit SAVEof every is something which man 1Vzwarns him of evil and warms him toward good. Foolish indeed is he Our bountiful crop is a windfall

who flouts the warmth and the for you! Now, at reduced prices,

warning. you can bring new color effects

greatgreat-grandfather found My into your garden—replace old insin libthe gospel the perfect law of

erty. He died believing in the ultiand perennials with new Giant

mate victory of righteous law and Iris. Offer good while supplies last.

perfect liberty. He offered his life For best selection, order today!

to its birth and its preservation.

Surely we of this generation can PINKS APRICOTS WHITES strive to do no less. CLOUD CAP, flamingo....$2.00 MELODY LANE, golden...$1.50 PURISSAMOHR, Mohr wh. $3.50

gold apr. 1.00 TRANQUILITY, flamingo. 3.00 BALLET DANCER, VARDEN, DOLLY

.. 1.00 pure chamois pink.. perky NEW SNOW, snowmilkwhite.white... 1.501.00 1.50 CHAMOIS, LOVE STORY,

PARADISE PINK, fragrant. 1.50 RUSSET WINGS, copperapr. 1.00 SOUTHERN SNOW, cool wh..75

PINK SAILS, unusual pink 2.00 FRANCES KENT, pastel... 2.00 LADY BOSCAWEN, fine wh..75

BLUES PLICATAS REDS BLUMOHR, lavender blue. 2.00 CAROLINE JANE, dotted.. 3.50 BIG TIME, deep red 2.00

PIERRE MENARD, hyacinth 1.50 DAWN REFLECTION, ivory. 1.50 CAMPFIRE GLOW, ruby red 1.50

metallic blue.A. Theodore Tuttle CAHOKIA,CHIVALRY, butterfly blue.. 1.00 NEW HOPE, blue violet... 1.50 PACEMAKER, orange red.. 1.00 ruffled. 1.001.00 CARNIVALMAGIC CARPET,PARADE,rose yellowred.. 1.00.75 SOLIDRED TORCH,MAHOGANY,gold redmahog. 1.0060 HELEN MCGREGOR,

parents'inviting ( Continued room VIOLET BLACK BROWNS of order Amount $ blue blk. 1.50 DIAMOND, 2.00 BLACK copper PRETTY QUADROON, to sithim on) the of the edge bed

classic. 3.00 blend WARNING, brown 2.00 STORM BOLD COPPER,

, save visit $ hisand evening. about near black 1.00 ENVOY, Deduct y3 golden 1.00 SPLENDOR, AUTUMN

black....75 midnight SABLE,. 1.00

ebony 75 EBONY QUEEN, He attended Snow College where TOBACCOCORDOVAN,ROAD,leathertobacco.he was president of the freshman.75 You pay only net $ class and earned his letter in debate. Minimum order, $3.00 net. All iris labeled and shipped postpaid.

In 1939 he was called on a mission to States. the Northern Here, while New color catalog, 25cserving presias branch and district ARBL missiondent and recorder under the world's of pages 40 President Leo urged he was J. Muir, iris, finest the including IRIS GARDE

to excellence in achievement. He BOX M color."Best 100".Costs Showstwice the10025cinlearned that mediocrity, doing things

it. Free with

or more.just good enough, for him was not GRANDVIEW, WASHINGTON weordersask offor$5

good enough. After his release from

his mission, he attended Brigham

Young University and was elected president of Delta Phi, the fraternity? SKIN PROBLEMSfor returned missionaries. During or itching skin, or with rough, scaling If you are troubled

his senior year, 1943, he was selected are an adolescent with skin troubles and have given up in the outstanding student in religion despair thinking no product would relieve or heal your at Brigham Young University. skin, then you owe it to yourself to try H & M Ointment.

While at BYU, he met Marne Mild enough to clear diaper rash and effective enough to foot. athletes this odorless skin colored heal Use creamWhitaker from Ellensburg, Washingbites, itching pimples, insect eczema, skin, sunburn,ton, and they were married in the orfor longstanding skin problems.

Manti Temple 26, 1943. on July A ABSOLUTELY GUARANTEED TO SATISFY.short after while they married, were

he was called into the service and Getet itit atax youry< Drug Store—or order direct from

served two and a half years as a

Marine line officer in the Pacific Laboratories 151 EAST 2ND NORTH, NEPHI, UTAH SMALLHSIZE $1.25 POSTPAID LARGE SIZE - $2.00 *M

JUNE 1958 475.

theater. On February 19, 1944, he At the time he was appointed occasioned by this unusual ability as

landed with the twentyeighth Church supervisor of seminaries well as his talent for administrative

Marines near Mt. Suribache on Iwo and institutes of religion in 1953, he procedures.

Jima and during the engagement was serving as director of the instiThe Lord calls into further service witnessed the historic raising of the tute of religion at Reno, Nevada. a capable and devoted team in this

American flag. President Tuttle's many positions assignment to the First Council of

Elder Tuttle served as group leadin priesthood and auxiliary organizathe Seventy. Sister Tuttle is a loveer for the seventytwo Latterday tions have included serving in the ly, devoted companion whose main

Saints scattered among the 5000 men Seventies presidency of the East interests lie at home, in supporting in the Fifth Marine Division. Brother Sharon Stake, as stake mission presiher husband and rearing their five

Tuttle sought them out, and at a dent of North Box Elder Stake, and children. The Turtles have not

conference in Hawaii in 1944, in the stake Sunday School superinknown great prosperity, but the though he had been a group leader tendency in the Park Stake. Brother touch of the artist in Sister Tuttle

but a relatively short time, he introand Sister Tuttle were stake MIA has transformed many an environduced each man to Elder Harold B. dance directors in the Rigby Stake ment from the commonplace to the

Lee and demonstrated personal and regional dance directors for the beautiful. They love to work toknowledge of and interest in each. Idaho Falls area for one year. At gether and to sing together, both of

President Tuttle returned from the the time of his call to the First Counwhich they do well. The serene,

service to a position teaching semicil of the Seventy, Elder Tuttle repleasant expressions they bring into nary at Menan, Idaho, where he resided in the Timpanogos Stake, every group are indications of a mained for three years. Later he where he was teaching Sunday happy home life where children are

taught in Brigham City, Utah, for School in the Grove Ward and was welcome and loved.

two years and for one year each in group leader of the Seventies quoIt will not be a new thing for

Kaysville and Salt Lake City. He rum. Sister Tuttle to share her husband

continued his education and was Brother Tuttle has had success as with the membership of the Church.

awarded a master of arts degree a teacher on both the high school For five years he has been traveling from Stanford University in 1949. and the college level, and his apthroughout the Church and of necesHe is presently working on a doctorpointment as supervisor of semisity has been away from home for

ate at the University of Utah. naries and institutes of religion was extended periods of time.

Hear Better.. Look Better... Enjoy Life More!

>*;:w;':w.... with the new

turn EYEGLASS HEARING AID ZENITH

Zenith's trim, lightweight temple bars fit nearly all eyeglass frames to give you smart good looks as we as the best possible hearing. Available for

single or bothear hearing. Zenith Hearing

Aids come in nine different 4 and 5-transistor models

Prices run from only $50 to $175. Come in today

and try a Zenith for 10 days FREE!

Nothing Down... Little As $1 A Week!

Come In or Write For Further Information...

Offices In: Salt Lake City—Ogden—Provo—Logan—Price—Idaho Falls

476 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Occasionally while traveling President Turtle enjoys a walk into the desert or the mountains. He loves the

outdoors. His alert eyes are always

watchful for deer or other wildlife.

At home he has always kept a pony or a dog and chickens. "It's good,"

he says, "for the children to watch things grow."

Already well known throughout the Church, Brother Tuttle has had personal contacts with many of the stake presidents and bishops as he has traveled as supervisor of seminaries and institutes of religion. Few

people in the Church have developed a firmer understanding of the policies and procedures of education and the philosophy of education in the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints.

A firm advocate of hard work, President Tuttle has had little interest in a minimum hour week and it has not been uncommon during the past five years for him to spend sixty to seventy hours a week laboring in his assignment. His counsel

to those who work under his direction has always been that hard, persistent work makes up for deficienFLY BONANZA AIR LINES cies in talent and ability. President

Tuttle has always believed that a humble man, submissive to the Spirit of the Lord, can grow t greater achievement than a genius who resists that inspiration.

Most of the qualifications attributable to Brother Tuttle are held also by countless other men, but there are some areas where few men equal or exceed him. He has rare ability

to stand back and look at a complete Its so sensible, organization get and the whole picture. of scholarship His depth and --j- so satisfying

thoughtful reflection is greatly adto have a mired have seen by those who it in -yj kitchen telephone sensitive, operation. ChrisHe has

tian his for compassion and love time you need when "% Saves fellow wellfor the men, a concern it most, running ends being of others that goes beyond after convenience. His highest qualificacalls when you're weary,

tion comes in his unyielding faith costs only pennies a day.

and devotion and close companionto order ship with the Lord. His persuasive just call the telephone

spirituality has turned many a mind business office to reflect on the philosophy of a church that could build a man with Mountain States Telephone such obvious happiness and conviction.

HEALTH and BEAUTY HEALTH, FAMILY THE FOR WHOLE is the only instrument Knowledge SHEET MUSIC line of complete most America's is that production subject to not helpful CATALOGUNLIMITED of vitamins, savings on Big products. INVITED health ORDERS BY MAIL

diminishing returns.—]. M. Clark supplements,aids, reducing,therapyexercising,equipment,sports,beautyetc

of both sexes. 'gifts. All ages Wonderful SUMMERHAYS MUSIC CO. sake. health's for now, Get this catalog

37T9 So. State Salt Lake City 15, Utah UNLIMITED HEALTH WISCONSIN'FREE. DEPT. E WATERTOWN,

JUNE 1958 ATI Today's Family—Eileen Gibbons, Editor

To many of today's consumers, cereals mean the toasties, shreds, puffs, and granules found on American breakfast tables, or oatmeal mush and farina hot from mother's stove. But cereals as a source of human

food are probably as old as the human race. They

have been involved in the rise and fall of nations and are of great importance in world economy.

Cereals are members of the grass family, grown for their edible grains. Certain general characteristics

contribute largely to their prominence as foods: They

are generally adaptable to growing in varying soils and climates; they possess high yielding ability compared to other crops; and comparatively speaking, they

are cultivated easily with a minimum of labor. Grains

possess high food value by reason of the nature of their composition and are generally one of the cheapest sources of food energy available to man.

Storage characteristics of the cereal grains are normally good, although problems may develop. Next

month in "Food and Foresight"we will discuss storFood age problems.

Wheat Federal standards in the United States classify on the basis of color and hardness. Its uses and wheat

as food, however, are related particularly to hardness, which is related to protein content—the harder the

wheat the more protein.

Typical hard wheat contains approximately 14 perCereals cent protein, 68 percent carbohydrate, 2 percent lipid, 3 percent fiber, 2 percent mineral, plus vitamins.

by Lynne A. Pettit, Ph.D. A typical soft wheat is about 10 percent protein,

University of Utah 73 percent carbohydrate, 2 percent lipid, 2 percent fiber, 2 percent mineral, plus vitamins. The vitamins

in wheat are principally the B vitamins. There is no

vitamin C in cereal grains, unless they are sprouted, and no vitamin D.

White flour is usually about 12 percent moisture, 9 to 12 percent protein, 75 to 77 percent carbohydrate, 1 percent lipid,.4 percent fiber,.5 percent mineral,

plus enrichment.

Products from wheat are widely diversified. Flours,

of which there are many types, constitute the most

478 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PrizeWinning Cook Works Wonders with

Eggs, Peppers and a "YEASTRIZ"CRUST

This different, delicious crust blends perfectly with the zippy egg and pepper filling,"says Mrs.

Robert Cheatum of San Bernardino, California, a firstprize winner at the National Orange Show.

"And you can make the crust even days ahead.

The flavor secret? It's yeast!

Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast gives such wonderful taste and texture—it's fast

rising, too, and keeps for months!"

crust, in foil. store cool, stack \ wrap and "YEASTRIZ"CRUST

1-10 3. in refrigerator days. Hold Makes

cup milk, Stir inimportant. There are the plain Scald Vi V4 cup shortenwhite and wheat flours, whiGh are ing,salt. 6 Cooltablespoonsto lukewarm.sugar andMeasure% teaspooninto Place 5Eggand-Peppersliced hard cooked eggsFillingin "Yeastderived from both soft and hard bowl *4 cup warm (not hot) water. (Cool to Riz"Crust. Over low heat melt 14 cup

wheats. Enriched flour is the recent lukewarm1 package foror cakecompressedFleischmann'syeaSt.) YeastAdd BluethoroughlyBonnet2 Margarine.tablespoons enrichedAdd andflour,blend1

commercial answer to loss of nutriactiveStir in drylukewarmor compressed.milk mixture,Stir to dissolve.1 beaten teaspoonteaspoon drysalt, mustard.i/8 teaspoonSlowlypepperadd and% cup%

stirring constantly keep mixture to flour. milk, and cups sifted enriched IV2ents in milling. Bromated flour, egg

until thickens Stir in smooth. until sauce Beat an additional smooth. Cookwhich requires "ripened"or tough 1V4 cups sifted enriched flour (about). satiny smooth. Add sauce alternatelyandwithis

gluten, is used for such products as Knead.about l'/2Lethours.rise Punchuntil doubleddown; dividein bulk,into spoonVi cupchoppedgrated Americangreen peppercheese,and 11 tabletable-

SpanishAmerican or Viennatype Press3 pieces.firmlyRollintoeach9inchinto pie10inchpan. circle.Press spooncrust. Bakechoppedin moderatepimiento tooveneggat slices350 F.in

(hard) rolls. Phosphated flour is edge with tines of fork. Brush with 1 for 1520 minutes. Makes 4-6 servings.

used in chemically leavened prodslightlycrust, placebeatenthin eggbraidwhite.or small(Tocutoutsdecorateof The yeast

rim. Brush white.) with around dough egg prizewinningucts flour. as biscuit such This rise in until bulk, doubled Let 20 about

cooks prefer minutes. Prick in with at oven Bakeselfrising flour contains not only 350 for F. Fill 8 minutes. not brown. fork.Do

sodium bicarbonate but also monoand bake—or store until ready to use. To

calcium phosphate, which neutralizes V Another Fine Product of Standard Brands Inc. y

the excess soda. Readymixed flours

are also popular today, as are whole wheat or graham flours. Flour with

malt added to make up enzyme deficiencies is often used in the bakery trade.

Other important wheat products are crushed wheat and cracked wheat; farina, which is the coarsely

ground starchy center of the kernel (the endosperm); and semolina, the

coarsely ground endosperm of DIAL YOURdurum wheat, used as the raw material for macaroni and spaghetti products. COLOR SCHEME!

Corn Bennett's color harmony selector

Corn, or maize as it is sometimes helps you create perfect color schemes called, is a grain native to America. in a minute. Simply start with a color

-that ofColumbus found it on his first voyalready in your room—say

dial turn to draperies. the Then

beforeage. It is said that if there were no 1322 COLORS yourthat color. Right eyes your you

humans there would be no corn, for To Go with Anything in Your Home! see the harmonizing colors to use for

corn—a special grass which is deyour carpet, furniture, walls. Ask your

pendent on man's cultivation—canBennett's dealer to show you the Colnot productively seed itself. The GtllvvteXs PAINTS or Harmony Selector. He has 1322

American Indians raised considerColorizer Colors to go with anything able corn, but they did not take it in your home!for granted. It occupied a special ISx/MMfttEL

65 W. 1st South—21st So. & 2nd West and Bennett's branches

and dealers in the Intermountain area and Southern California

JUNE 1958 479 place of gratitude and importance soft, for use in canning, freezing, in their religious exercises and tribal and eating off the cob. It is notable

myths. Many of their legendary that although the canning of sweet

heroes were related to the protection corn has become a major industry, or cultivation of corn. The botanical this corn comprises less than 10 pername now given to corn, zea Mays, cent of the corn produced in the

CLABBER GIRL'S isanda combinationan Americanof Indiana Greek sound,word Unitedall cornStates.crops Thefind vasttheirmajorityway intoof

meaning "grain which sustains life."animal or poultry feeds, or into "reAfter its discovery on the Amerifining."DUTCH can continent, com found its way The corn kernel is composed of a

center, its typical and a germ. In lifeblood it became to rapidly growAPPLE CAKE to Europe as a garden curiosity, but bran layer or covering, a starchy dry composition, ing the kernel America. is 80 Her colonists planted

percent carbohydrate, both 10 percent corn, wheat and but that found

Yield: servings 6 lipid, percent corn percent 4% grew 3% failed. where It protein, wheat Sift together sifted 2 cups allpur- fiber, 2 and percent soon mineral. became apparent that the corn flour, pose teaspoons Clabber Girl 2% would nearly grow Harvested wherever mature corn be may Baking Powder, sugar, cup teaplant H H

it it planted, that was dry salt, milled was or milled. compara- 1 millspoon and wet teaspoon Dry nutmeg.

Cut in Jj cup butter or margarine tively easy to cultivate, and that it ing produces bran, corn germ, grits, until mixture is fine. Combine 1 egg, would grow rapidly to provide an coarse meal, fine meal, and corn

beaten with %A cup milk; pour over almost certain crop within a relaflour. Wet milling separates the

ingredients; stir dry to a soft make tively short time. corn kernels into corn Thus hull, gluten, germ, became dough. 2 together Toss cups thinly a significant factor in starch, food supply thus for and providing materaw sliced, pared cooking apples, cup }i homesteaders rials settlers and for a diversified in the of group comsugar, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 and

teaspoon grated lemon rind; spread American westward movement. It mercially important products such

on bottom of greased 8 x 8 x 2-inch could be grown in an improvised as corn oil, cornstarch, adhesives, baking pan. Drop dough over apclearing, and often yielded a surplus confectionery (candy), syrups, and

ples; spread carefully to cover apcrop which was rapidly converted corn sugars. Nothing is wasted in

ples. Bake in a 350 F. (moderate) to meat by feeding it to hogs and this "refining"process. Even the oven 40 30 to or until lightly minutes cattle. in is water is the corn which soaked browned. cool 5 Let minutes. Invert

a used as food supply cultifor the As America's population grew, plate. on serving in squares. Cut

Serve warm, apple side up, with corn was an everincreasing crop in vation of important yeast and mold whipped cream, if desired. river basins and western plains. organisms.

Early difficulties of transporting Pure cornstarch, an important

also the material solved raw from which by feeding corn to livestockYw dwM IwmlnlS food across rugged America were food and valuable sizing agent, is are obtained for use in and driving makthe livestock to market. dextrins

I the in adhesives so important of The growth a great cattle industry ing aWkfeing cloth manufacturing, bookbinding, went hand in hand with the development of America's corn belt. Stretchcardboard, packaging, labeling, and

other uses. is ing starch also Corn horizons of cornfields are a It's the of ingredients in BALANCE treated familiar to produce corn sight syrup and to travelers through baking powder that governs its leavencorn sugar dextrose). the (pure central plains These today. of America ing action. Only these are when scienare, of course, important foods. vast bulk of this The com is animal tifically balanced can be sure of uniyou

form action in the mixing bowl plus that feed, which finds its way to our dinThe inner bulk of the corn kernel final, balanced rise to light and fluffy ner tables as milk, butter, beef, pork, is rich in gluten proteins, an importexture in the oven... That's the story veal, lamb chops, drumsticks, and tant base for animal feeds. It is

of Clabber Girl's double action... Beteggs. also an ingredient in lacquers and

ter baking everytime!,, A Four principal types of corn are some plastics. While crude corn oil

grown in the United States. Dent is raw material for soap, refined

BALANCED corn,90 percentwhich ofconstitutesthe nation'smoreproducthan foodcorn oilproducts,has becomeparticularlyvaluablesaladfor dressings margarines, and in and is tion, centralized in the plains Double Action CLii cooking. This in oil is also used states and supports the inmeat

means dustry. Flint corn, which is parsome medicines, as well as in leather

Better Baking! i'BU: ACTING usedticularlyfor hardpoultryandfeed.early Popcornmaturing,hasis conditioners.

found a unique place in America's Rice

Guaranteed Good Housekeepi:nS. recreational life as a result of its Cultivated rice, which for cenif* JtDVtllttStD wss "explosive"characteristic from vaturies has been the major food of

porizing internal moisture when oriental nations, is of three principal heated. Sweet corn is cultivated types: long grain, medium grain,

is cooler areas in somewhat short and and wild rice grain. Parched CLABBER GIRL harvested is unripe, kernels while are a table delicacy but is expensive, EXCLUSIVELY KNOWN AS THE

BAKING POWDER WITH THE BALANCED DOUBLE ACTION

480 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Table Queen sandwichesusually costing a dollar or more a Jp* market. the consumer onpound great picnic treat \jg!s>m world's—called the oftenWild rice,

costliest cereal, is marketed commercially from India.

When harvested, rice is covered with a fibrous hull which is not eaten except by livestock. The inner kernel, known as the "caryopsis,"

consists of two layers of bran, an endosperm which is principally starch, and a germ. The composition of the kernel is approximately

8 percent protein and 75 to 78 percent carbohydrate. The outer bran

layer contains some fat, as does the germ. Vitamins are found in the

bran layers.

Because of the desire of most consumers for a white and attractive rice cereal, the milling of rice has as its primary purpose the removing of the hull, the bran, and the germ, Nourishing... Delicious! Baking Co.,

with a minimum of breakage to the Salt Lake & Ogden endosperm. A whole, clear, white

rice kernel has a particular aesthetic attraction to consumers. In the traditional processes of removing the... sparkling |=

dark portion of the rice to produce scoured and polished kernels, valuable vitamins and minerals are lost, resulting in serious deficiency disfor eases individuals and nations lemon lime polished important rice anwho make constituent of their diet. However,

recent technological developments have made possible the marketing of polished contains white rice which important vitamins many of the and in the green bottle minerals formerly lost by polishing.

These processes are based on two principles: (a) removal of fewer of

the bran layers (undermilling), and (b) diffusion of soluble vitamins and with the red label minerals from the outer kernel into the inner kernel before milling. The

success of the latter process, accomplished by various treatments, is seen in the average vitamin values for brown rice and polished "diffused"rice. Typical thiamine conis SEHVI ICE C01B"76'tent (vitamin rice B\) of brown

3.50 micrograms per gram, while

average thiamine values for converted rice are 3.20 micrograms per

gram. Polished white rice which PURE has not had special treatments has FILMS!

a much lower thiamine content of DEVELOPED approximately.60 micrograms per Vermont Maple Syrup and PRINTED gram. VT. GRADE A

The principal products obtained Gal.-$8.95 1/2 Gal.-$5.25

from domesticated rice are (a) rough Qr.-$3.25 Pint-$1.90

rice, which contains the hull and Send Coin Only constitutes primarily livestock feed ALL SHIPMENTS POSTPAID - No C.O.D.t

GUARANTEE! -BACK and seed stock, (b) brown rice, conClark A. Graham LAE PHOTO 449 P. O. Box

Brattleboro, Vermont

JUNE 1958 481 taining the outer bran, (c) head rice, flaked, shredded, puffed, and granufrom which all bran has been relar. They are usually commercially

moved by scouring and polishing, manufactured from doughs or (d) rice screenings and brewer's rice, cooked grain kernels, and in many which are broken particles of cases minerals and vitamins or scoured rice, and (e) byproducts sweetening agents are added. They

composed of bran, rice polishings, are frequently toasted in the final and rice hulls. process.

If eaten with substantial quantiPrepared Breakfast Cereals ties of milk or cream and with cauPrepared breakfast cereals have tion in the amount of sugar added, obtained a position of prominence prepared breakfast cereals can proin the modern American diet privide flavorsome, quickenergy admarily because of their convenience juncts to a breakfast which also in eating. If manufactured from includes protein foods such as eggs,

whole grains, they are likely to be milk, and meat.

nutritionally equivalent to the raw product from which they are made. The cereals have truly occupied FruitBecause so many prepared cereals a significant role in the history of naare in the form of flakes or shreds, tions. The importance of their

however, their value as foods has products to the daily diet is emphaFreeze some limitations, inasmuch as consized by their position as one of the "nofailure"Easy way to freeze sumers tend to assume they are eat- "basic seven"food groups which or your fruits can ing eaten than is actually be more the case. should by individuals

discoloration and protects Stops grains Cereal every day. are "seeds"Current processes manufacturing fruit flavor natural

it is impressive of to note enrichsuch and as with them many fruit salads fresh for provide Keeps is inas contain the essential they with white 'that done ment much serving before hours for perpetration of the gredients that wise to recognize but it is or flour, vitamin extra C to frozen Adds their of kind. concentration consisting a breakfast only of these The flavor improves juices—canned

lifegiving cereals is elements they coninadequate. which is prepared 98jzi can

contribution cereal Readyto-serve manifests the vital breakfast tain for 75 lbs. -:;.?a!y-H. lOneenough

of fruit foods are of four general types—they make to human wellbeing.

"-,*A

Fruit* Freeze Melchizedek Priesthood ments at the monthly stake priesthood meetings, where will ward (Continued) from such projects clerks and quorum secretaries go?

into should fund. go the quorum the clerks should go to Ward

1958, Merck 8 Co., Inc. of Priestthe Melchizedek ( Page 63 with Priesthood Aaronic department

hood Handbook.) their bishops. In meetings for the

23. When should the monthly Meltraining of quorum presidencies the

chizedek Priesthood reports he subquorum secretaries should attend the

To renew your subscription just mitted to the general priesthood department with the quorum presimail your payment of $2.50 committee? dents in order that they may have a

The stakes should obtain the quobetter understanding of the responsialong with a copy of your adrum reports as soon as possible after bilities of the quorum president and dress label to the close of the month and the stake be in a position to give him more report should be submitted to the assistance. In meetings for the

general priesthood committee before training of committees the quorum

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the 15th of the following month. secretary will attend the department

24. When separating into departfor all secretaries. 50 No. Main St.

Salt Lake City, Utah

Henry D. Taylor Other mission presidents may ex-

(Continued) welfare work, to pect expert help from this leader as which he was assigned as executive he visits their missions.

on the ward, stake, and region level; As bishop he has learned many

and missionary work, which he lessons as father of the ward: paTempleLONDONTours $# knows as a beginning proselyting tience with the foibles of human QQ nature, longsuffering with the weak, secretary, finally a and UP missionary, Route Air Polar * ** tolerance with the unyielding. He as sucof president of the most one

L.D.S. Tours Keith Write: Gudmundson,

dias a learned understanding cessful has in the missions Church. E. Manchester, 327

Inglewood, California Salt Lake PhoneDA 2-1129 Los Angeles Phone—OR 8-6374

482 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA enjoy a vinely appointed judge, "to discern all those gifts lest there shall be any among you professing and yet benot of God."SevenUpFloa

Brother Taylor will be an astute adviser to the people throughout the

Church, not only in spiritual fields but also with his general knowledge of business, having directed merchandising establishments, Chamber of Commerce, service clubs, hospital boards, educational institutions.

His Taylor grandparents were hardy, courageous folks from England, with testimonies of the restoration which induced them to brave emigration with all it was to bring in privations and hardships, and even death. These young converts came

to Provo to start a furniture business

Henry was later to manage. The SevenUp and your favorite ice cream

Dixon grandfather was also a courageous convert who came from

South Africa and was an actor in the rugged drama played by the pioneers of that period. Crossing IN THREE SIZES

the plains in the Martin Company, NOWhe served to resist the onmarch of

Johnston's Army and filled a mission REGULAR KING SIZE FAMILY in his African homeland.

7 0Z. 12 OZ. 28 OZ. The parents of Elder Taylor were

hardy people from large families imbued with spirituality and independence. They trained Henry and

his five brothers and two sisters in the oldfashioned thrifty, industrious YOU'LL DO BETTER IN way of life conducive to leadership.

Father Taylor's philosophies were the homely kind which took root in the lives of the children. "It is better to suffer a wrong than to do a

wrong."Another: "Make two blades

of grass grow where but one was growing."And another: "Be short

on words but long on performance."

The new Authority is not too short on words, for he has the uncanny h>',:lW)-ijD-i:<H>iviMhi><Mi.mi.-mm-f-mm [}-

ability to say the right words at the proper time, and his performance is

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARSexcellent. He was born in the fam- "BANQUETMASTER"THE NEW LIGHT WEIGHT

ily TABLE in Provo, FOLDING BANQUET 22, November home simple of Canker, in treatment Aids beautiful for today's Designed all his life has lived 1903, he where Schools Churches throat minor mouth and other

Private Cafes Homes sore his of the except missions periods and when he has been away securand throat irritations.

ing an advanced degree in his chosen occupational field in business. REMEDY \ HALL'S Knighted in the Field was writCity, Utah Salt Lake

ten on his ordination certificate by < >-m- i>mam-o-(>< )-b> i >- his mission president, B. H. Roberts, Made in the West by

L.D.S. workmen. in the a seventy Henry became when

Bancompare you buy, Before BISHOPS—

field, in general mission material and of y for quality and now quetmasters conference he was taken from the workmanship,cost—only $22.66beautyfreightof paid.design. Low mission to again be "knighted in the Satisfaction Guaranteed TYPEWRITERS

inspection. your sent for table Sample field."FOR GENEALOGY WORK

collect JA Write or telephone rebuilds 60% on factory 2-6601. Buy or rent—save Those who look for and select

D. H. LOOSLI CO., INC. SCHREYER TYPEWRITERS Idaho Falls, Idaho

757 So. State Salt Lake City, Utah

JUNE 1958 483 leadership realize full well that the the many hundreds of missionaries,, wife of the leader is responsible, to mostly young men away from home an unbelievable extent, for the for the first time.

greatness of her spouse. Given an The Taylors have four sons who

intelligent and basically good man, bring them honor: Henry D., Jr., 27,

the proper wife through deserved who, with his wife, Colette, and two praise, commendations, encouragelittle boys lives in Palo Alto, Caliment, and suggestions, brings polish, fornia. He is a graduate of Harvard

performance, and recognition to her Business School. There is Anthony

husband. Certainly no exception to H., 23, now filling a mission in New

the rule is the lovely lady who comes Zealand, and Stephen K., 16, and

to assist Henry D. Taylor in his new David A., 12.

The Intermountain West's responsibilities in Church service. The new Assistant has a sense of

Alta It was the charming yet humor, Hansen is seriousminded. He is Largest and Finest his heart captured who and devoted, walked loyal and uncompromising

Bridal Salon with him through the years of priviwith revealed truth, and full of faith.

lege, opportunity, and accomplishHe will not flinch under the lash or ment. The daughter of A. K. and give way under stress and strain.

Amelia Heppler Hansen of Richfield, He is a man of integrity and deUtah, this able and charming wife pendableness, of wisdom and reis proud of her humble, influential sourcefulness. Most of the qualities

husband. She has served in many of great leadership are blended in

important posts in ward and stake delicate balance to give this man organizations as well as in civic and poise, dignity, and impressive percommunity endeavors, and has been sonableness. His demands of him-

a loyal missionary companion in self are strict and uncompromising, these past three years in the Calibut with others he is tolerant and

VISIT OUR fornia Mission. Here she has been understanding. His faith in himself

NEW LOCATION a gracious hostess to the Presidency never leads to arrogance. But supeAuthorities General is of and the rior performance the result of his South 38 Main Street

others. Church she faith his and many Here in unwavering Heavenly Salt City Lake Utah

affection has mothered, Father. with and Assistant our new We salute

wise counsel and encouragement, to the Twelve.

florning "1 Am He that Liveth"Almost a million and a half members of the Church today look upon times (Continued) over the Many President as O. a David McKay years that his followed and Joseph seer, prophet, revelator, and and

associates visited were by heavenly ascribe to the Article ninth of Faith, messengers who gave instructions as which states: "We believe all that they restored were and needed all has revealed, does the God that He

to keys of the ordinances the gospel.

that believe now reveal, and we He

It's better blending The time finally arrived for orportantwill yet revealthings manypertaininggreat andto imthe...that good ganizing the Church. This was acKingdom of God."complished on April 6, 1830, by six

persons in the Peter Whitmer home Many of the prophets of old were to understand the great Morning Milk in Fayette, New York. From the permitted

beginning the forces of evil were events that would occur, even until arrayed to try to destroy the Church the end of the world, and knew that

Jesus will again in to earth come as of Jesus Christ, even been it had glory,, power and accompanied by Enjoy tastier dishes by using destroyed earlier. 1800 years some

Morning Milk instead of The persecution of the Latterday the hosts of heaven to reign personally upon the earth for a thousand Saints as as was almost gruesome ordinary milk or cream. For glorious years. that saints the experienced in by

Morning Milk is superearlier times. Yet, in spite of the Christ himself said: "For the Son

shall of in the glory of his man come violence, the the beatings, homogenized to a creamyprejudice, his Father with angels; then and he the murders, the of burnings homes,

smooth consistency to blend and the driving of the people across shall reward every man according to better with all other ingred- a continent, the Church not only his works."And "Whosoever theresurvived, but also prospered almost fore shall be ashamed of me and of

ients. beyond belief. On numerous occamy words in this adulterous and sinNo other form of milk can sions the Lord reached forth his ful generation; of him also shall the

hand to protect and guide his people. Son of man be ashamed, when he

guarantee such superior

cookings results.

484 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA cometh in the glory of his Father with the holy angels."To Caiaphas

Jesus declared, "I say unto you,

Hereafter shall ye see the Son of man sitting on the right hand of power, and coming in the clouds of family dinner heaven."Just when this glorious event is to once a week take place no one knows. Concerning it the Lord said, "But of that day at the

and hour knoweth no man, no not ofthe angels Father heaven, but my COFFEEonly."of the revelaIn one many

tions given in this dispensation theLord said: "For the hour is nigh, SHOP

and the day soon at hand when the earth is ripe; and all the proud and

they that do wickedly shall be as stubble; and I will burn them up,

saith the Lord of Hosts that wickedness shall not be upon the earth;

"For the hour is nigh, and that which was spoken by mine apostles fulfilled; formust be

itso shall pass; as they spoke Hotel Utah come to

"For I will reveal myself from Max Carpenter heaven with power and great glory, Managerwith all the hosts thereof, and dwell in righteousness with men on earth a thousand years, and the wicked shall not stand."

What a glorious day to look forward to—the coming of Christ along

with the ancient and modern prophets and apostles and saints, to establish the kingdom of heaven upon earth! the REDUCE WEDDING CDST5... During that years thousand

when the Lord shall reign with his people, Satan shah be bound and evil shall be with, done away human will livebeings and resurMODERN RENTAL SERVICE with work rected beings, there will be no sickness, suffering, or death, and all It costs so little to be the perfectly groomed effort will be devoted to work in the bridegroom! We can fit the entire wedding

temples and bring to fruition all of party in tuxedos, white dinner jackets, cutathe righteous purposes of the Lord ways, or full dress outfits.

planned for the earth and its people from the beginning. All sizes—every garment is freshly cleaned

After the final resurrection, when and pressed—fitted with all the care expert

all who have lived on the earth will come forth from the grave, each will tailors can provide.

be judged according to his works.

"Then cometh the end, when he MAIL ORDERS INVITED!

shall have delivered up the kingdom to God, even the Father; when he

shall put down all rule and all auSALT LAKE COSTUME CO.thority and power.

248 South Main Room 213 "For he must reign, till he hath Salt Lake City, Utah put all enemies under his feet.

"The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death."

"Then shall he be crowned with the crown of his glory, to sit on the FINE PIANOS DRINK throne of his power to reign for ever and ever."The earth shall be and ORGANS ftcq A delightful

for those hot beverage CO. MUSIC SUMMERHAYS coffee. don't drink

City 15, 3719 So. State Salt Lake Utah who

AT YOUR GROCERS JUNE 1958 485.

A'-*''*****"*'*'"** -** FOR THAT glorified and celestialized and be to add our own, as we could add the his abode and the home of his rightsolemn witness of tens of thousands WONDERFUL eous sons and daughters through the of sincere and honest Latterday LUCCA FLAVOR eternities. Saints throughout the world. But

* Christ,And so,the asSontheof storyGod, oftheJesusCreatorthe letspeakJosephfor all:Smith and Sidney Rigdon

* and Savior of the world, had no be- "And now, after the many testiginning, even so it has no end. To monies which have been given of

John the Beloved, and to all the him, this is the testimony, last of all, world he revealed this testimony: which we give of him: That he lives!

first "For him, last: even on the saw we the and

right of hand God; and "Fear"I amnot;he Ithatam liveth,the and dead; we heard was

and behold, I am alive for evervoice bearing record that he is thethe more."Only Begotten of the Father—"

To the Savior's testimony we wish The End

i?... not into temptation..

Richard L. Evans

a talk In boys, to young a wellknown men and tp-::::- athlete 1 recently a compelling on quescommented

8 THE tion: What would we thank other people for later

7 SPOKEN in life? We wouldn't thank them for tempting us STARITALIAN / WORD to do wrong. We wouldn't thank them for influencing us to acquire bad habits. We wouldn't thank them for the

FREE Recipe Book; Write A. Giurliani & Bro. memory of unclean stories told in our presence. We wouldn't

537 Front Street, San Francisco 26. Calif. thank them for enticing us to sluff church or to sluff school or to

sluff work 1—but we would be thankful for those who helped us to

be at our best. We would be thankful for those who encouraged

us to use our time well and not to waste it. We would be thankful

for those who counseled us to keep the record clean, to keep KITCHEI1 CHARITl physically and morally clean. We would be thankful for those

WAXED PAPER who helped us to have good habits. We would be thankful for

KEEPS FOOD thosein yearswhoto leftcome,us wewithwouldmemoriesbe resentfulwe wouldof thosebe proudwho of.contributedSurely,

FRESHER LONGER! usto theto questionablemaking of sordidshort orcutsunsightlyand shortsightedmemories,decisions,of those whoof thoseled

who tempted us to evil. Sometimes such temptations may at the

moment seem exciting, but sooner or later in yielding to them there comes a time of regret, of an aching inside, with feelings of sorrow and shame. And well might we ask all men to remember

the plea in the Lord's prayer, "... lead us not into temptation."2

And well might we remind ourselves to remember not to lead ourselves into temptation—nor to lead anyone else—"but deliver us

[all] from evil."The fact is that we are all inescapably responsible

for the total effect of our influence on others—for the total effect of

our teaching, for the total effect of our tempting and enticing. No

man or woman ever tempts anyone else to any evil or any unworthy act or to any inducement away from duty without being accountable for his adverse influence. And in choosing friends, and in

allowing friendships to grow we would well remember that no true friend would ever lead us into temptation, or would ever appeal to the weaker side of ourselves, or would ever lead us to make memories that would cause shame or sorrow, or would ever lead us to be anything that was less than being at our best. And in

all the long length of life we have great reason to be thankful for those who "lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil."2

"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Columbia Broadcasting System, April 20, 1958. Copyright 1958.

See page 487 for references.

POPULAR WITH MILLIONS OF HOUSEWIVES...

AT ALL LEADING GROCERS 486 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CREDIT BUYING GOT YOU DOWN?ART AND PHOTO CREDITS:

Cover, Hal Rumel; 377, 488, John Davenport; The glamour of "enjoying luxury and

380, Robert Nevins; 380, 384, Dale Kilbourne; paying later"often hides the expense of

390, Walter Lillian; 396, 397, 400, Deseret News; credit buying.

397, Biddulph Studios; 396, LaMar Williams; Remember, THERE'S NO SECURITY LIKE

398, 478, Harold M. Lambert Studios; 401405, CASH SECURITY. Start saving REGULARLY

Art, Jeanne Lindorff; 404-5, Lorin Wiggins; 402, at AMERICAN for the things you want.

Camera Clix; 402, Artist, Klinke; 406464, 478Then pay LESS with CASH. There your

479, sketches, Dale Bryner. dollars are INSURED by the Federal Government and GROW at the highest rate in

...FOOTNOTES AND REFERENCES Utah on insured savings

FOR ARTICLES:

Hugh B. Brown of the Council of the Twelve current rate D /2 /C

*As quoted by G. L. Robinson, The Book of

Isaiah (first edition), p. 22, New York, Young

Men's Christian Association Press, 1910. Seealso Gospel Doctrine Sunday School manual, cAme/tkm Stwingh

1944, published by Deseret Sunday School Union. & Jloa*t Ailaccatian

2The Instructor, Nov., 1953, p. 335.

Home Office: 63 South Main, Salt. Lake City, Utah

The Spoken Word Branch Office: Granger, Utah

"With what judgment ye judge..."Divisional Office: Honolulu, Hawaii

Isaiah 29:21. Branch Office: Hilo, Hawaii

2Emerson, Journals, vol. ix, p. 497.

3John 7:24.

4Matthew 7:2.

"To he horn—or to rise again..."

ifilaise Pascal, Pensees, XXIV.

2Job 19:25.

"... not into temptation..."Your Bookdealer has..

3Gene Fullmer.

2Matthew 6:13.

"I am he that liveth"Scriptural references are from Luke 24; Acts Gospel

1, 2, 5, 6, 7; Amos 8; Matt. 16, 24, 26;

Mark 8; D & C 29, 76; I Cor. 15; Rev. 1. Ideals

PERHAPS Selections from the LIVE BETTER by Iris W. Schow Discourses of ELECTRICALLY

PRESIDENT that one cannot problemThe solve DAVID O. McKAY with

Is sent that humbleness be won Full

To ask, instead of, "Lord, please $4.00

grant,"H0USEP0WER "Father, thy will be done."

ATTENTION: motvuoe Electricity Costs So Little Grace Ingles Frost calls attention l FOLDING

to the last an unintended word in as BANQUET You Can Afford a Lotstanza Sonnet,"of her "An Easter printed on page 245 of the April Era. TABLES UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

The stanza should have read:

Direct Prices & "Lo, at the portal of all time, he DiscountsSchools, Churches,fo stands Clubs. Lodges,

The pattern of Celestial Majesty! and all Institutions

I do not need to scan his feet and hands nailprints to forFor bear evidence TRUCKS storingMONROE me, Whenever you moveChairstruck easy, Forthe wayTables chairs. EachandConstrucmodernFoldingtables handles call the ofNor doubt's heed untaught storage permits of eitherTruck TSCor No tolabel old mailing your Storage Send Tronsporf

spacetionin hmitcd No. TS Truck demands to gether with address your new for 54 Discounts Catalog Write showing his other of proofFor divinity!"sizes Tables, types and Folding of MONROEand

and Trucks. Also popular line of Folding Chairs. THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THE 'IWcmwe. COMPANY 50 North Main Street

249 CHURCH STREET. COLFAX. Salt Lake City 16, Utah

JUNE 1958 487 The Last Word

A committee of five consists of one man who does Hard work is an accumulation of easy things you the work and four others who pat him on the back. didn't do when you should have.

Philosophical is what you find yourself having to Hard work never killed a man, but it has certainly be about what you don't like that you can't change. scared a lot of them.

A problem child was becoming too well acquainted An Easterner was being driven by a rancher over with the principal's office. One day the principal a blistering and almost barren stretch of West Texas

showed her annoyance. when a large, brightly colored

"This makes the fifth time I have punished you bird scurried across the road this week. What have you to say for yourself?"in front of them. The visitor

"I'm glad it's Friday."asked what it was. "That's a

bird of paradise,"said the rancher.

A traffic expert said recently that if all the cars "Pretty long way from in the nation were placed end to end, some bright home, isn't he?"remarked

fellow would pull out and try to pass them. the visitor.

"I can't get over how well you and your wife get along. Don't you ever have any differences of

opinion?""Oh, yes—very often."

"And yet you get over them so quickly?"

"Ah, that's the secret. I never tell her about them."

"Since I have my new automobile I don't have to "To what do you attribute your long life?"the rewalk to the bank with my deposits."porter asked the centenarian.

"Drive over now, eh?""I don't rightly know yet,"replied the oldtimer,

"No, I just don't make any."lazily, "I'm still dickering with two breakfast food

companies."

Mealtime is when the kids sit down to continue Character, like a rifle, cannot shoot higher than eating. it is aimed.

488 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 'ner fromBsttcfGiockei A breakfast bright

Strawberry Pancakes!

"Children love 'em! Light-V-tender

buttermilk pancakes with strawberries baked right inside! Just slice the berries into

your batter. For Sunday breakfast or a

midweek treat, strawberry pancakes bring sleepyheads running... send them

whistling on their way!"SotmCrbamBumERMtLK

PANCAKE "BetHf Ouocken. (mTjj AMD WAFFLE''',- 'is. j MIX

The Pancake & Waffle Mix made with Gold Medal Mour.

NEW from Beneficial..

Family Package Plan As your family increases, so does your insurincluding children born later or legally adopted.

ance... but the premium stays the same! Yet you pay no more for your insurance reHere's real packaged protection... an gardless of family additions.

allin-one policy that covers the entire family,

Amount of Insurance Special Features (who needs 1 unit: $5,000 Permanent insurance, with cash value, and double

ruinUfiU insurancemost 2 units:or$10,000 thePremiumsamountautomaticallyof insurance paidin caseif ofDadaccidentalshould bedeath.perprotection) 3 units: $15,000 manently disabled. For Dads ages 18 through 50.

$1,250 per unit More if Mom is younger than Dad; less if she is

MOM (if same age as Dad) older.

Insured for $500 per CHILDREN unit from age 15 days At age 22, each child may have permanent life in- (including future to per6 months;unit from$1,0006 surance age,up towithout5 timesevidencethe amountof insurability.of original coverfamily additions) months to age 22

One low, easyto-remember premium deposit protects the entire family. For more information, call your

Beneficial man, or use the coupon.

Beneficial Life Insurance Company

Beneficial Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

Send now for folder giving more complete details about Beneficial's new Family Package Plan. BENEFICIAL IIFE

Name Street or RFD - / 7 Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah City Zone. State