"SSNF"**"*

*W>

i t

- V.

j*

JkanJiAqioinq, 1938 1938 NOVEMBER, SEE PAGE 642 11 41 NUMBER VOLUME HTU*N POSTAGE GUAKANTEED SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH sJ**e?

JPl

THESE UNCERTAIN GREASE JOBS OKAY. LET'S STOP AT

JUST aren't WORTH THE WORRY. THE NEXT SHELL DEALERS

WHY DON'T WE TRY SHELLUBRiCATiON? AND FIND OUT ABOUT IT

IT DOESNT COST A BIT MORE

AND HERE'S YOUR"BLUEPRINT"STYLE

SHELLUBRICATION RECEIPT, WHICH I SIGN

PERSONALLY. THIS DOUBLECHECK TAKES

ALL THE "GUESSWORK"OUT OF LUBRICATION

Here is the way to end those upkeep worries Talk to your neighborhood Shellubrication that take the fun out of motoring. dealer about this modern upkeep service today.

With Shellubrication you know that your car has been serviced according to manufacturer's ALL THESE EXTRAS ffli specifications. point received has That every

Shell's line the of sixWITHOUT EXTRA CHARGE The Modern proper lubricant from

Upkeep Service teen special oils and greases. Your tires and running boards rubber - dressed... upShell's exclusive "blue print"style receipt holstery vacuumed or brushed out... windows polished <rrK

tells you whether the battery has been checked...chromium shined... body wiped off... lights wmk

... lights checked.. '. squeaks silenced... checked... battery checked... lenses cleaned... and

and other extra services performed. many other extras—all without extra charge

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 19 38

J'JUxaL cmxL J>oMmoAL NORTHWESTERN TURKEY GROWERS ASSOCIATION

UTAH POULTRY PRODUCERS COOP ASSOCIATION

DISTINGUISHED BY THEIR

FINER MERCHANDISE AHHHHHH! Zee Perfect Products

No Thanksgiving is really complete without the treat of a big NORBEST TURKEY—

tender, fullfleshed and incomparable in flavor. Norbest turkeys are grown in Utah

and throughout the West and known throughout the nation. In Utah, they are

produced by the Utah Poultry Producers'Cooperative Association and distributed

EGGS bya highNorthwesternstandard hasTurkeybeenGrowers'maintainedAssociation.for all products—includingThrough the cooperativeunsurpassedmovementMilk

POULTRY White Eggs—and quality feed products.

Look For These Seals They Guarantee The Finest in Quality

Jhrntkqwinq at hsu&imot&!

(J} /OUR Christmas this year can be \j another time of thanksgiving, too!... if you take advantage of our

monthly payment plan for improving your home.

Build a new amusement room in the basement for the young folks... your home

may need an additional bedroom, a new roof, new floors, or a study room in the basement.

Make your Yuletide gift a practical and enduring one Begin now!

No down payment No mortgage Monthly payments as low as $5.00

Sugar House Lumber & Hardware Co.

1 164 East 21st South Street—Hyland 555

M. O. ASHTON. President HORACE B. RICHARDS. Manager

HOTEL LANKERSHIM

7th & BROADWAY A netv story of the Southwest begins in this issue—"The NaChoice (Double i tive Blood,"by Albert R. Lyman, author of the "Outlaw of

Navajo Mountain"See page 662. LOS ANGELES

'TWO PERSONS - ONE CHARGE"(DdQoul JOwiv—

What were President Grant's reactions/Mmprooemenf Ira when he was called to the Apostle- 'The Glory of God is Intelligence'ship as a young man of 26?

. Page 650 Grant, J. Heber to released message has been What 1938NOVEMBER, Widtsoe, A. John all officers holding members and 11 41 NUMBERVOLUME Editors the Priesthood? Melchizedek

Richard L. Evans, Page 65 3

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Marba C. Josephson,Managing Editor Whether or not the Church is guided

revelation under today, and Associate Editor byOFFICIAL PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, ORGAN OF THE conditions? 651 what Page ASSOCIATIONS, General Mgr.MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT DEPARTGeorge Q. Morris,

COMMITTEE, MUSIC Associate Cannon, Lucy WARD G.MENT OF EDUCATION, Mgr. What facts concerning the life of I., Business OrtorTEACHERS, Mgr. AGENCIES K. OF THE CHURCH AND OTHER

OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS. President Grant as a young man

have recently been brought to light? Page 654

is the religious, social, and JaJbJbL d QofdtsmiA. What

dUt&iL fiaqsL ardthe L.FirstEvans,Councilthe newof memberthe SevofJJul educational background of RichThe President's Thoughts on his Call to Apostleship enty? Page 656

Heber J, Grant 650 What is the law of probability, and what has it to do with the blessQhuJvdk. J>jCttuMA. ingsmentsofofobedienceGod? to the commandPage 658

Evidences and Reconciliations John A. Widtsoe 651 What part John Huss played in the

To All Members of the Melchizedek Priesthood Medieval Church? Page 660

Joseph Fielding Smith 653 What new serial begins in this issue

Portrait of a Young Man Rachel Grant Taylor 654 "Theby AlbertOutlawR. Lyman,of NavajoauthorMounof

Richard L. Evans of the First Council of Seventy tain"? Page 662

.... John A, Widtsoe 656 What is the microfilm and what

Probability Dr. Harvey Fletcher 658 revolutionary recordreproducing

perand library services does it A Page from the Life of a Business Manager form? Page 664..Richard L. Evans 665

Caution to Young Men Against Debt....Pres. Joseph F. Smith 668 How"Era's"PresidentmissionaryGrant fundfinancedwith thedoThe Story of Our Hymns George D. Pyper 676 nations from multimillionaires

The Church Moves On 670 Adults 686 and men of humble means?

Priesthood: Melchizedek....653, 679 Seniors 687 Page 665

Aaronic 682 Gleaners 687 What cautions President Joseph F.

Ward Teaching 684 Explorers 687 Smith wrote to young men

Genealogical Society: The MagJuniors—688 against going into debt? Page 668

ic of Microfilm, Archibald welfare Girls projects various What 689 F. Bennett 664 BeeHive Priesthood have successquorums Field Photos 689 Executives....686 Messages: Mutual fully conducted? 681 of Cataloging Books, A. Marches on in M. I. by

Aurelia Bennion 686 France, Lowell Jancey 691 How many people the stake missions baptized in August, 1938?

Page 681 What scientists at the International

The Protestors of Christendom James L. Barker 660 Physiological Congress were told

The Magic of the Microfilm Archibald F. Bennett 664 wheatconcerningbread? the value of Pagewhole645

Exploring the Universe, FrankOn the Book Rack 678

Homufg, llaZZZJSIA Index to Advertisers 674 EXECUTIVEOFFICES:AND EDITORIAL

Here's How 675 Your Page and Ours.704 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City. Utah

Copyright 1938, by the Young Men's Mutual frdiitfiialA, ImprovementChurch of JesusAssociationChrist ofCorporationLatterday ofSaints.the

All rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.00

in year, advance; Single 20c Eightytwo Copy. Nears Grant As President A, W, 672 a

at Office. Entered Salt the Post Lake City. President Closes Conference With a Blessing toJ. Honest The Utah, matter. as secondclass Acceptance

at special of rate postage provided Men Everywhere 672 mailingfor in section for 1103, of October. Act

authorized 2, 1918. July 672 A. Waste 1917, W.

not responsible Improvement The Era is 673 C. November J.M. for J. unsolicited manuscripts, but conwelcomes

tributions. All manuscripts must be accompanied

3>iriwn, (pDidJuf, QhoA&wtfaL (Pu%$1sl by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

NATIONAL ADVERTISING Powder of Zernment—A Short, Short Story REPRESENTATIVES

Leone Amott Rose 661 Francis M. Mayo, Salt Lake City

S. Edward Townsend, San Francisco 1 Albert R. Native The Lyman 662 Blood—Chapter George T. Co., Hopewell & New York Beckoning 666 Clapp Robinson (Conclusion)....Dorothy Roads E. J. Powers Chicago & Co.,

Frontispiece: President Grant's Young Writer's Page 669 Hil. F. Best, Detroit

Photograph, by Nona H. Poetry Page 677

Brown.649 The Temple, Lee Stokes 684 MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF

Crossword Puzzle 702 CIRCULATIONS

JhsL fojV&A. A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY

THIS silhouette by H. Armstrong Roberts typifies the season of American "Thanksgiving"with its mood of deep thoughtfulness, and its emblem bird, the turkey. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

642 Read "The Native Blood"—a new serial by Albert R. Lyman beginning on page 662 of this issue.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1938

Our Loaning Policy

or woman of good charofny man

acter and earning ability, requiring money for any worthy purpose, is invited to discuss credit

requirements with any officer of

this bank. Whether the loan is

for business or for personal use,

no matter how specialized the

need, Walker Bank & Trust Comwill endeavor to pany has—or

provide—the type of credit that

will be most helpful.

Walker Bank & Trust Company Resources Over Twentyeight Millions

Member Federal Reserve System Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation

MODERN EXPERIENCED BANKING SERVICE...

the Outcome of 79 Years'Successful Continuous Operation

Does the thought of winter bring visions of furnacetending? Fuel to store and to shovel... ashes and

clinkers to remove... soot, dust, grime and smoke?

Or does winter mean a season when you can just take it easy in the balmy, comfortable warmth of your home without ever going near the furnace? That's what gas

heat offers to you. Gas is the only househeating fuel FIND OUT HOW LITTLE that's completely automatic and entirely dustless, ashIT COSTS

less, smokeless.

Operating cost of modern gas You can have complete winter airconditioning with a furnacefact, manyis familiessurprisinglyfind low.that gasIn

new gas furnace... properly warmed, filtered and heat costs less than other methods

Let used. us you show humidified air circulating to every room. It helps proformerly

... records actual cost and give

tect the health of every member of your family. you an estimate of costs for your

home. No obligation. Just come

And of course you can have it installed on convenient in or phone for a representative to terms. call.

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

Serving 21 Utah Communities

xploimt JthiL IAjuv&mil By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. A new telegraph system uses tones

""preferred to white bread, both from an electric organ to permit VIZhole wheat bread is greatly to be the sending of 96 messages in one difrom the point of view of national rection over a single circuit. The syseconomy and for better health, scientists

tem uses the organ tone generator to at the recent International Physiologgive a number of electric currents, each ical Congress were told. That comwith a different frequency. plete substitution of fat for carbohy-

4 drate in the diet, or carbohydrate for "Diblicalof Egypt,plaguesaccordingstill afflictto Dr.theIsabelland *fat, is impossible was also reported.

Garice of the Egyptian health service 'T'here are nearly 800 passenger trains at Cairo. Every August, today as well running in the United States at

as in Moses'time, the Nile turns bloodspeeds of 60 or more miles an hour.

red from its load of heavy mud. Though The fastest train run, start to stop, is

to drink this Nile water is to invite 81.3 m. p. h., although in some stretches

it drink death, disease Egyptians and trains h. to 100 m. some go p. 90 The as light imto be Tltraviolet seems T beinstead well they because of water trains freight of increased average *"-* speed deers'of in the portant growth

latter lieve hair will the turn the grey in 11 in miles to 16 from 1922 hour an formation. antlers in as ordinary bone time. their before oldand them make 1937. antler It the growth that found has been plague brings the bloodred waterThe

is greatest Austrian in the of deer Alps is miles the record HPhree new down boils, children often to 10 of 20 having years, sunny days the most showing boils the flood in After and face. on body A producing temperatures above average and Caliis lessens, followed of boils norwell inhasdrillingbeen drilledoil wells.at Wasco, the plague

by the plagues of frogs, flies, and death mal. fornia, to 15,010 feet below the surface.

to babies. Even the three days of The oil is brought up through 175 joints

darkness is still experienced, especially "Datterycharging windmills which of steel casing, each 90 feet long.

in upper Egypt, where the sand storms convert wind power directly into still last three days. electric current and work on comparHTomatoes without seeds are being

atively slow winds have been devel- A grown by the use of chemicals at

Olants need vitamins too. Experioped. One feature is airplanetype the University of Missouri. The toma-

* ments have shown that plant roots propellers; another is the enclosing of toes instead of containing seeds and

need very small amounts of vitamin Bi the generator and vane in one streampulp are solid meat.

or they will not grow. lined piece. {Concluded on page 647)

Down through the Generations- A HOUSEHOLD STANDBY for QUALITY and PURITY

KINGSFORD'S SILVER GLOSS

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1938

fllQUrMUDay is tiit kmc Hay!

TWO luxurious, airconditioned trains

Scenic Limited via the ROYAL GORGE.

America's bestloved travel wonder.

The Panoramic via the MOFFAT TUNNEL

Scenic Shortcut, along the silvery Colorado

River.

Airconditioned coaches and sleeping cars,

Delicious economy meals as low as 90c per day for three meals.

Information, tickets, reservations:

O. J. GRIMES, Assistant Traffic Manager

24 South Main Street Salt Lake City

WESTERN RAILROAD

mmm msw

.—

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1938

Exploring the Universe ( Concluded from page 645 Come animals have interesting wea- *** pons of defense and offense. The

vicuna, a wild cousin of the llama of

South America, wards off attack by throwing a nonpoisonous saliva with deadly accuracy, usually at the white of the eye. The duckbill uses a hypodermic needle. This small hollow spur

is carried just inside the heel of eachhind foot and connected with a venVOT omous gland on the thigh. Pain, swelling, and drowsiness, though never death,

follow from a "shot"from the duckbill.

T-Tuman and animal skins are permeable to various poisons and drugs, as shown by the work of Swiss doctors, who analyze the subject's breath and body secretions for chemicals which have been placed on the skin under a glass. Alcohol, ether, and chloroform

penetrate the skin readily, as will camphor and cocain when dissolved in alcohol or other solvents.

.... for the man who is smart

"D attlesnakes can swim, and their age is not given by the number of rattles, since 2 to 4 may grow each year enough to buy good machinery. The

and old ones break off. Perhaps more

interesting are twoheaded snakes.

Since there are two minds, in an emerwise ones buy "Caterpillar."It lasts

gency there may be no action at all, in disaster. resulting two The heads through many administrations and play or with each other, competemay

for the same piece of food, or even enstruggles togage in desperate the death. in never goes out of style. snakes feeding twoheadedWhen

captivity, only one head is fed at a time since there is only one stomach.

> A new copper—alloy, called "Cup-

"aloy,"has been announced which has the strength and hardness of steel. Distributors of

Containing small amounts of chromium and silver, an insignia engraved on "CATERPILLAR"a block of the alloy when pressed Diesel Engines against a steel block left a deep imTrack-Type Tractors pression, though scarcely marked itself. Road Machinery TRACTORLANDES& MACHINERY CO.

HTo study Egyptian mummies without possible damage by unwrapping, Headquarters - 245 West South Temple, Salt Lake City

X-raying has been used at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York

City. With a mummy of a serving

man from ancient Thebes, it was found that in addition to ornaments and jewelry there were two mice inside. Since

in there the wrappings was no opening (greeting Carte into EVERYTHING it is thought the mice burrowed featuring the smartest lines the linen sometime when the mummy available. Outstanding, beauwas 1000 styles from Over left half wrapped during mummiPhotographic tiful.

fication. select. which to

Write or call for Snapshot distinctiveCHRISTMASandCARDSpersonallythat areimInformation printed. Priced HI OffER... 50 ior

A COMPLETE EASTMAN KODAK ST0RS,inc 50 for. $1.00$1.95 SERVICE ENGRAVING

From Missionary portraits to the largest Phone Wasatch 5292 25 (Andfor up to $50.00 per 100)...$1.00 catalogues

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention. 155 South Main Street PEMBROKEEast Broadway—Salt Lake City UTAH ENGRAVING CO. Salt Lake City, Utah 24

113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah

THE- -IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1938

gBglWKCTg'BBSBgSMjSBBPa

Mural in the Union Pacific Depot, Salt

Lake City, showing the driving of the golden spike at Promontory, Utah, in 1869, which marked the beginning of transcontinental railroad service in the

United States.

f7 N the seventy years since the construction *- of the Union Pacific Railroad, there has been a firm friendship and loyal association with the Mormon people. To them and to President Heber J. Grant, I extend the appreciation

of all the members of the Union Pacific family.

President.

UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD

OMAHA, NEBRASKA

Mural in the Union Pacific Depot in

Salt Lake City depicting the conquest of the Inland West by Brigham

Young and the Mormon people.

President grants PHOTOGRAPH By NONA H. BROWN

this photoYou askedgraph, aboutmy laddie;

You say this pictured face looks, oh, so kind!

You somehow know this man's both fine and noble. j

You feel the splendor of his soul and 1 mind.

Yes, son, you're right,—no finer man

is living.

He's president of our Church—he

stands for much.

A man who's "walked with crowds and kept his virtue And talked with kings, nor lost the common touch."

Once, long ago, he paid our home a visit.

Your father was a bishop then, my son, And I was young and I was very nervous To be a hostess to so great a one.

How kind he was, and how at ease he made us;

Our humble home seemed blessed beyond compare.

How interesting were the things he told us.

How wonderful it was to have him From the Painting by John W. Clawson.

there!

And afterward he sent a friendly letter He's played ball on a team of champion players,

And those two books we've always valued so. He's sung before a crowd ten thousand strong.

He sent us, too, this picture, marked "Sincerely, His fine handwriting you see there before you,

Your Friend."The writing's beautiful, you know. All three prove those who say, "I can't,"are wrong!

They say that once he wrote just like hen's scratching In life's long race his courage matched his valor.

And that he was not very strong at all. With God's help he's won each race he's run.

They say too that he had no ear for singing So when you make your choice of mortal patterns,

But longed to sing and write and to play ball. Then let me say, "There stands a man, my son!"

= * EDITOR'S PAGEIhe JhsL (p/uidJuthjnL Jhouqhidu ml 2Ua. QalL to dfwAtkdkifL

AS WRITTEN BY HIS OWN HAND MORE THAN FIFTYwas mouth in Brother Teasdale's ordination, President Cannon

SIX YEARS AGO IN A LETTER TO HIS COUSIN AND in mine.

I shall return to Salt Lake in the morning, when I expect to get CONFIDANT, ANTHONY W. IvTNS,

a copy of the revelation calling Brother Teasdale and myself as

Fiftysix years ago, in October, 1882, President Apostles, Brother Seymour B. Young as President of the Seventies,

Heber J. Grant was called by revelation through etc., also a copy of my ordination, and I will forward these

President John Taylor to become a member of documents with this letter.

the Council of the Twelve Apostles of the Church. I don't know how things will shape with me in the future from

President Grant was then not quite twentysix years a financial standpoint. You will notice that President Cannon

of age, was very much involved in business, and had warned me particularly about setting my mind on the things of other ideas concerning his own life. This unexpected this world. While I have devoted most of my time to acquiring

call had not been a part of his planning or thinking, this world's goods in the past, I can truthfully say that never in and his reactions to it, and to other matters of the momy life have I seen the time that I was not willing to change my ment, were confided in a twentypage letter to his plan of action at the word of command from God's servants. I

cousin and confidant, Anthony W. Ivins, who was did not do as good in Tooele as I might have had I not been

then in Mexico. In going over the President's volumengaged in business. I knew this, and several times expressed

inous and carefully kept papers, his daughter, Rachel my willingness to drop my business if thought best by the auGrant Taylor, came upon this letter, from which the thorities. While I have worked hard for Cash, you know as do

following brief excerpts are taken. We reprint these all of my friends that have a full knowledge of the innermost sentiwords here as a thoughtful insight into the straight ments of my heart that Cash has not been my god and that my

thinking and resignation to the purposes of God of a heart has never been set on it, only to do good with what might young man who became a great man: come into my possession. I most earnestly desire that I may

Logan City, always feel this way.

Oct. 22nd, 1882. Brother Erastus Snow comes the nearest to my idea of what

Anthony W. I the of Twelve. should Apostle member of any be Ivins, Esq., an When of City Mexico.

little time think recall his life and stop to labors and and how Dear Cousin Tony:

Your welcome and interesting letter of the 18th ult. came to attention he has for his family or his financial interests and how

hand the morning of the 17th inst. I had almost given up hope much time he has for the people and their interests and how

his neglects freely complaint of he own without and word a six I less of than written again. hearing not have can from you

I fully others, benefit for of welfare the comfort worldly and am... letters last one. receiving or to since seven your you

I shall try his that example, follow noble and I should convinced reference position to with consent maintain your have You my interests financial so, are fact that face the to comand do my

I predictions financial certainly prosperity. to your hope may my

end. paratively at speaking an

I the true that have wealth secure eventually and youcome may is full for Father to His heart of thankfulness Heavenly my My will for givepredicted provided Father me Heavenly our me

I the to express to not me. goodness language and have mercy

I beneficial to the same. of proper usewisdom and a am make

free to confess that I have always had a very strong desire for feelings of gratitude in my heart but I have made up my mind the wealth of this world, but always with the above proviso. I, thatGod fromupon thisthe timeearth.forth my life shall be devoted to the work of

like you, would prefer to live and die poor rather than to possess If He gives me time to do my duties in His kingdom and also unlimited wealth provided this would cause my mind to become make money, all right; if not, all right. I feel in my heart to say

darkened and the light of the Gospel taken from me.... "Father, Thy will not mine be done."

faith of I feel Cousin, the prayers aid and God's with Dear and

It their is fact fully retain that demonstrated a can very few I shall friends, that that do, especially those as you know me my thisfaith of after considerable to possessed extent becoming any

I this shall to able good; be assistance accomplish without some

I is thatworld's goods. there reason agree with good you no fail in calling Apostle. as an my

it this like the should the looks case to very and bewhy me I fact I I the Apostle. suppose that realize hardly an can am

I fully rule. the theopposite should agree with most be on you

I will stop I to get will real work. as more now down become true the questions"to ideas as"homesick and courage and my minutes. for talking myself few of a the are yours. as sameman

October 27th, 1882.

Well, Tony, your predictions made last March as we were Dear Cousin Tony:

going to St. George, that I would be one of the Apostles, has I am ashamed of myself for letting this letter remain so long

heart the true ofbeen fulfilled. sentiments on know You my I I found could have hardly a time this unfinished, yet and when know

that others)subject well (as accord they not, and were as many occupied. finish to time very been has November much My

I feel prediction. duty, that to shrink yourwith from Not myin I I five years. hardly will 1st married been can have Lucy it.and

Ibut feel that I did not, nor because knowledge, now, do my gathering. are going to have a family We

ability, entitle of as to character are or testimony such a ordination. a I have to go to Tooele copy me to believeYou willit. find of my

the position of an Apostle. The Lord knows what is for the best in the morning; have not time to write you more at present.

in trusted in the for assistanceand I past and have always Him shall last With much love, I remain future. the in continue so in to do As advised my

letter of the 16th, George Teasdale and myself were ordained as Your affectionate cousin,

Apostles, the First Presidency and Twelve officiating. Brothers (signed) H. J. Grant.

Rich, Carrington and Thatcher were absent, President Taylor (copy enclosed)

Evidences and reconciliations Aids to Faith in a Modern.Day

Saints to assure himself that such revelations have

Odsul. ihsL QhuMpL a&ouvsl constantly been vouchsafed the Church. Perhaps

AwsdjcdwttA, iodcu Oiu it /fat more of this type of revelation has been received since, than during the time of the Prophet. Because

they are not printed in a book as revelations does not diminish their verity.

his daily guidance. In The TheanswerChurchto thisof Christquestionis isguideda simpleby contin-"yes."be Third,grantedeveryrevelationfaithful formember of the Church may

testify that fact, can of the Church the members to His speaks Lord revelation. The uous daily guidin receive such truth they do have and Prophet the Joseph of the time as in Church now truth of Gospel, the of the testimony The has ance. the Church past, whenever in ages or Smith, of thousands, of possession precious the hundreds

earth. upon been spirit revelation. deof the through By has come fuller answer. merits, a however, question The prayer, practice, sire, apstudy, one must and revelations of classes three least at are There

it is truth, obtained but of the testimony the proach the dealing with revelations are First, there is It spirit revelation. finally of the by under only Church. the of doctrine basic organization and to are of this the that eyes opened men power Church, of the foundation the revelations form Such truth of the principles the the Gosunderstand and teaching of superstructure built is the which upon spirit, truth that pel. comprecannot be Without revelayears. the These throughout practice and President Brigham In of the words hended. dispensaof a beginning the at are tions necessary

tion, so that the Church may be properly organized Young:Without revelation direct from heaven, it is impossible for

and sent upon its way to bless mankind. In this any person to understand fully the plan of salvation. We

age, these indispensable revelations were given to often hear it said that the living oracles must be in the established that be the in order Kingdom Church, of God may effect the to commissioned was Joseph Smith who this of I will version another earth, give the on and prosper to given restored Church. of the organization As Spirit I the of or oracles living that God, sentiment. the say

the Prophet, they suffice for the salvation of man in of revelation, must be in each and every individual, to know tHis dispensation. Other such fundamental revelathe plan of salvation and keep in the path that leads them to

tions dealing with organization and doctrine may, the presence of God. (Brigham Young's Discourses, p. 58.)

at the pleasure of the Lord, be given, for there is We may go further. Every person born into the

a universe of truth not yet known to us, but they earth has claim upon the assistance of the spirit will in no way change or abrogate the principles of God. That is a species of revelation. Conseset forth in existing revelations. quently, all good achievements of man, in science,

Second, there are revelations dealing with the literature, or art, are the product of revelation. The

problems of the day. Though the essential docknowledge and wisdom of earth have so come.

trine, forming the foundation, framework, and It must be remembered that revelations usually structure of the Gospel, has been revealed, the come as needed, no faster. The Prophet Joseph

Church, directed by mortal men, needs divine guidSmith made this clear: "We cannot expect to know

ance in the solution of current questions. Many of all, or more than we now know, unless we comply

the revelations received by the Prophet Joseph with or keep those we already have received."

Smith were of this character. There were missions ( Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, p. 256.

to organize, cities to be built, men to be called into The question then should not be "Do we receive office, temples, meetinghouses, and homes to be conrevelations now as in the days of the Prophet structed. The Prophet presented his problems to the Joseph Smith?"but rather, "Do we keep so fully

Lord, and with the revealed answer was able to acthe revelations already given us that we have the complish properly the work before him. It is comright to expect more?"

forting to know that our Heavenly Father helps in Another important principle of revelation in the the minor as in the major affairs of life. The reveorganized Church of Christ is the limitation placed

lations directing the building of certain houses in upon those who secure revelations. Every member

the early days of the Church, are, for example, of the Church may seek and receive revelation, among the cherished words of God, for they throw but only for himself and those for whom he is re- a flood of light upon the precious, intimate relationsponsible. Every officer of the Church is entitled

ships that may be established between God and to revelation to help him in the field into which he man. has been called, but not beyond. The bishop can

Such revelations, directing the Church in the claim no revelation except for his ward duties, the affairs of the day, have been received continuously stake president for his stake duties only; the Presby the Church, through the President of the ident of the Church is the only person who can

Church. One needs only review the history of the receive revelations for the guidance of the Church

as a whole. These limitations, coming from the earthly origin of Jesus Christ. He denied that the

Lord, protect the orderliness of the Kingdom of Holy Ghost was the father of Jesus Christ; and

God on earth. affirmed that the Savior was begotten by God the

It is not the business of any individual to rise up as a Father. He explained that "Our Father in Heaven

revelator, as prophet, seer, a as a inspired as to give man, an spirits that begat all the or ever ever will were be revelation for the the of guidance to or to Church, assume earth; spirits they in the upon this born were and dictate to the presiding authorities in of the Church any

part of the world, much less in the midst of Zion, where the eternal world. Then the Lord by His power and

organizations of the Priesthood are about perfect, where wisdom organized the mortal tabernacle of man."

everything is complete, to even the organization of branch. a is, is in direct every That being descent from human

It is the right of individuals to inspired to be receive and Father. the the In of God, course his remarks manifestations of the Spirit for their personal Holy guidance

to strengthen their faith, and to encourage them in works of President Young was led to discuss the high place righteousness, in being faithful and observing and keeping of Adam among the generations of men, for Adam the commandments which it is the has given them; unto God as this world,"and organize to "helped and make privilege of every to revelation and receive to man woman

first at the father stands of the man, us all, Adam this end, but no further. rises individual The an moment up

assuming the right to control and to dictate, or to sit in head of the human race, and will ever be the reprejudgment on his brethren, especially upon those who preside, sentative of his children, before our Father in Heahe should be promptly checked, discord, division, or and spirits. Father ven, the of our It was in connection confusion will the result. be Every in and man woman this statement that the oftquoted thought this with Church should better to yield than spirit; to know such a

the moment that such a feeling presents itself to them they was made about Adam, that "he is our Father and should rebuke it, as it is in direct antagonism to the order our God, and the only God with whom we have

Weof thecanPriesthood,accept nothingand to theas spiritauthoritativeand geniusbutofthatthis whichwork. to do."

comes directly through the appointed channel, the constituted He spoke of Adam as the great Patriarch of the organizations of the Priesthood, which is the channel that human race, a personage who had been privileged has appointed through God his which to make mind known earth, of the in the creation to assist who and able and will to the world. (President F. Smith, Joseph Gospel efforts of the his in behalf continue human would Doctrine, 51, p. 52.)

family, and through whom many of our needs

All faithful Latterday Saints have the assurance would be met. All this was in contradiction to the

that the Church is led today as in earlier years by common doctrine the world over that Adam was a revelation from God. The history of the Church great sinner, and not to be held in affectionate refurnishes to all who will look for it ample evidence membrance. Nowhere is it suggested that Adam

of the fact of continuous revelation within the is God, the Father, whose child Adam himself was.

Church.—/. A. W. On the contrary, in the sermon of April 9th, 1852,

itself, there is a clear distinction made between in Adam and God the Father, in the following words "The earth was organized by three distinct charOtfhaLaAsLihsL$ajdtju acters, namely Eloheim, Yahovah, and Michael"the last previously defined as Adam. There can

be no confusion in this passage of the separate personalities of these three great beings, A dismsunihmsit Jbxj smsmisA, course delivered August 8, 1 852, within four months # thsL Chwtch,? ofcourses,the discourseVol. 3, pagein controversy94) contains{Journalthe following:of Dis-

"The Lord sent forth His Gospel to the people; He

HThose who peddle the wellworn AdamGod said, I will give it to my son Adam, from whom myth, usually charge the Latterday Saints with Methuselah received it; and Noah received it from

believing that: 1. Our Father in Heaven, the SuMethuselah; and Melchizedek administered to

preme God, to whom we pray, is Adam, the first Abraham."Clearly, President Young here distinman; and 2. Adam was the father of Jesus Christ. guishes between God, the Father, and Adam, the

A long series of absurd and false deductions are first man.

made from these propositions. The sermon of April 9, 1852, also makes the

Those who spread this untruth about the Latterstatement that, "Jesus, our Elder Brother, was beday Saints go back for authority to a sermon degotten in the flesh by the same character that was livered by President Brigham Young "in the taberin the Garden of Eden, and who is our Father in nacle, Great Salt Lake City, April 9th, 1852", Heaven."The dishonest inference has been

( Journal of Discourses, Volume 1, page 50. ) Cerdrawn and advertised widely that President Young

tain statements there made are confusing if read meant that Adam was the earthly father of Jesus superficially, but very clear if read with their conChrist. This deduction cannot be made fairly, in

text. Enemies of President Brigham Young and view of the context or of his other published utof the Church have taken advantage of the opporterances on the subject. Adam and Eve were not

tunity and have used these statements repeatedly the only persons in the Garden of Eden, for "They and widely to do injury to the reputation of Presheard the voice of the Lord God walking in the ident Young and the Mormon people. An honest garden in the cool of the day"( Genesis, Chapter 3,

reading of this sermon and of other reported disverse 8). President Young undoubtedly had this

courses of President Brigham Young proves that personage in mind, for he did not say Adam, but the great second President of the Church held no "our Father in Heaven."

such views as have been put into his mouth in the In many discourses, President Young refers to form of the AdamGod myth. Jesus as the Only Begotten of the Father, which

In the discourse, upon which hangs the Adamwould not have been true, had Adam been the

God myth, President Brigham Young discussed the (Concluded on page 690)

By SMITHTO THE MELCHIZEDEK JOSEPH FIELDING

Of the Council ol the Twelve and

Chairman of the Melchizedek PRIESTHOOD: Priesthood Committee

Greeting OIL 9tiu QggksAjL and. WsmbsOUL

A..s YOU are well aware, the

General Authorities of the Church for many years past have been earnestly But if it happens to be an ordinary as surely upon the ordained Elder as pleading with the brethren who hold Elder, Seventy, or even a High Priest, it will upon the Apostle in the Church, the Melchizedek Priesthood to magnify who has not been given special responsiwho may turn away into forbidden their respective callings and in the spirit bility, the majority of the people of the paths and to the neglect of duty.

of faith and humility feel the weight Church seem to feel that it is not a matThe responsibility for the success of of the responsibility which is upon them. ter of very serious consequence. It Priesthood quorums in the stake is

In behalf of the Church it is the duty seems that the body of the Church has placed, first, upon the presidency of the of the Council of the Twelve to superbeen trained—but erroneously—to stake and, second, upon the presidency

vise and direct this labor among the think that an Elder in the Church who of the Priesthood quorum. The Genquorums of the Priesthood throughout has not been called to some position eral Authorities hold the stake presithe entire Church. In keeping with this of prominence or authority, may be dency, with the aid of the high council,

responsibility the Apostles have enguilty of almost any violation of the responsible for the condition of the quodeavored to bring the Priesthood quocommandments and regulations of the rums of Elders and the quorum of High rums to a higher plane of efficiency. Church, and he should not be called Priests, and to some extent the quoIn this endeavor they have met with a into very serious question. What the rums of Seventies. It is the duty of

measure of success, and the Priesthood Lord has revealed in relation to the the stake presidency to see that these quorums have in the main been brought Priesthood teaches us that the Elder, quorums are properly officered with men to a better understanding of their reeven if he is not given some special who understand the nature of their callsponsibilities. This measure of success responsibility, is under just as great a ings and the responsibilities of the

has not, however, come up to the exresponsibility to be true to "every word Priesthood. In this direction they may

pectations and in some quarters has that proceedeth forth from the mouth call to their aid the stake Priesthood been a disappointment because of a lack of God,"as is the man who is called committee.

of interest in spite of the earnest pleas to preside over a stake, or even over Too frequently in the past, the best that are constantly made. Where there the Church. The Apostle is under no material has been taken to officer the

has been a failure, it must be laid to greater commandment to be true to his auxiliary organizations, and then what the charge of the leadership on the part covenant and membership in the Church was left was considered good enough of those who have been given the authan is the ordinary Elder, or Seventy, to officer Priesthood quorums. It is

thority of presidency. or any other individual holding the hoped sincerely that this day has perIn theory the Lord has given to His Priesthood. It is true the Apostle has ished and that no vestige of It now

Church a perfect organization. In a greater responsibility, or calling, in remains. The presidency of the stake

practice the organization is far from the Priesthood; but no greater responsishould see that the very best available

being perfect. The reason for this is bility to be true to Gospel principles material is called to positions of presithe fact that the Lord has to depend and commandments. Especially is this dency in Priesthood quorums. Auxupon weak mortals to carry on his work so, if the Elder has received the ordiiliary organizations are the helps to

in the earth. The responsibility of nances of the House of the Lord. In the Priesthood in the Church.

Church government has not been condefense of this stand I quote the folMoreover, the presidency of the fined to one individual, but in His wislowing: stake, aided by their high council and

dom the Lord has distributed responsiFor whoso is faithful unto the obtainthe stake Priesthood committee, are bility so that each member of the ing these two priesthoods of which I have under the responsibility of seeing that

Church may carry his portion of the spoken, and the magnifying their calling, quorums are fully organized, not only load, and each member is expected to are sanctified by the Spirit unto the renewwith presiding officers, but with live, carry his portion of the load. ing of their bodies. active committees which are faithfully

the of of sons become Moses and They functioning. of a quorum Where thing strange that the idea very It is a the the and of seed Aaron and Abraham, failed Priesthood to function, has and prevail thatshould in the the Church elect the church of and kingdom, and God. has to been indifferent responsithe all in inhigher authority advances a this receive priestthey man And also who

the Priesthood, the greater is his rehood receiveth me, saith the Lord; bilities assigned to them, the presidency

sponsibility to be faithful in keeping the For he that receiveth my servants reof the stake will be held responsible commandments of the Lord, and the ceiveth me; first, and then officers of the quorum

that receiveth he receiveth And next. If officers me refuse to my of are work, less is less authority has the which he Father; incapable, then should released they behis responsibility faithful before to be that he receiveth receivFather And my faithful willing and called to and men if is Inthe other Lord. words, a man eth Father's all kingdom; that therefore my act in their is stead. Before any mancalled as bishop, high to act coun- a a Father hath shall be him. unto given my ordained office to in the Priesthood, any is president cilor or of a stake, exhe

to the is according oath and And this call those carefully him conshould who circumspectlypected obeto walk and Priestthe to covenant belongeth which sider following: the office indiently the discharge of the hood.

which he holds. One of the presiding Therefore, all those who receive the 1. Worthiness of the individual to

authorities, the Apostle, for instance, priesthood, receive this oath and covenant hold the Priesthood.

is expected to be a consistent and faithof my Father, which he cannot break, 2. His willingness to serve in the

ful Latterday Saint. He must eschew neither can it be moved. calling whereunto he is to be called, and

every evil practice and keep every comBut whoso breaketh this covenant after his previous faithfulness to the Church mandment. Should he fail, or even he hath received it, and altogether turneth and to responsibility.

therefrom, forgiveness of shall not have 3. must be theshould bishop councilor or the high He sustained by the vote

nor in in this world to come. the world of the people concerned. consistently fail, to with walk the comsins

all those unto not come And wo who of the Lord,mandments the whole are called Those to preside hold who this priesthood unto have ye which rise upChurch would and declare rethe authority. keys of President Joseph that ceived. (Doc. 84:3342.) Cov. &

he should speedily be brought into the F. Smith has said:

line of his duty or be relieved of his The punishment for the violation of It is necessary that every act performed responsibility. this covenant will come as readily and (Concluded on page 680)

Portrait YOUNG MAN

d(sd)&A, $. $Awi, JthsL (pJisMdsunL ofc, thsL

Qhuhzh, i6u cl ivsdL known. {fiqiihSL—buL

hsihsL wsl inJUwduxjL ijdjul Jb ihsL K&b&L $.

$ActnL d m&isL than. hctl cl xjintwa

cup—ivhoASL UpLL ctmJbitwtUu iv&asl adu

ipiL juwi8jali$sicl.

HEBER J. GRANT AT ABOUT AGE 21

By RACHEL GRANT TAYLOR DID not know my father when I ashe awasyoungcalledmanto presideof twentythreeover the OBSERVING the President's eldest "Tooele Stake. I was so young, and daughter, Rachel Grant Taylor,

.parents are never young to a little turning and noting the leaves of her

child. The wide abyss of years keeps suggestedfather's journalthat sheandbringletterto lightfiles,somewe

xnarrowing as birthdays come with of the details of the early life of this their gifts of increasing love and young man who is well known as the understanding. present head of the Church, but not so

Although I did not know my fawellresultknownof our asrequesta youngis this,man.the Thefirst

ther, in my mind I have a clear picof a series entitled the "Portrait of a ture of him, driving up to the front Young Man."

of the house, springing out of the buggy, opening the gate of the white picket fence, while I ran rather unVery unexpectedly, I found that steadily down the path to be caught my wish was a reality. In sorting

up in his outstretched arms. Perhaps and filing some of father's early jourthat picture has been painted by seenals and letters, I ran across two

ing his grandchildren and greatthin leather books. The first one I

SHARES GRANT, STRINGAM purchased LUCY evidently WHO calls examined was as he run to himgrandchildren "A OF YOUNG IN THIS ACCOUNT for keepbook note a student's as that rung has MAN."to them an invitation

like a chorus through the years: ing notes in a Grammar, Orthog-

"Come, give your granddad a kiss."raphy, and Punctuation class taught know the eightytwo-yearold Presitt have always had a desire to know by John R. Park in April, 1876. dent of the Church. May I now inpicture, 700.) page (See to the troduce twentyfour- you in Tooele, early days those ofmore not a jingle, was two page On stake. of a president yearold of fabeginning the that weredays

It notes. to grammar flash screen in of your service the Church. on thether's Let me long A pertaining

few months ago my sister Florence reads: mind a few word pictures taken

and I went to Tooele and made Little puffs of powder, during the years 18801881:

paint, of daubs inexperiPictures of OutLittle him as an old homestead. of thesketches

deceitful a face Make president, a business stake the ditch bank alongside the fence saint; enced of like that Look

was a row of towering cottonwood Likewise judicious padding man, a family man, a lover of sports, trees. I wondered if they were plantAnd hoops and purchased curls a true friend, and a maker of friends.

the living Transform live; to perspective, pictures these give there now went skeleton To whened we

girl. Into a gushing

it of the then something was must lawn; you know is a front yardthe

a. strawberry patch. On turning to page five I came to material that went into their making.

I had often wished that father the words, "Journal of H. J. Grant."Father was the only child of a

lhad started writing a journal when They gave me a real thrill. widowed mother, a mother who had

ihe went to Tooele, instead of waitThe first entry was dated October sacrificed material things because ing until he was called to be an 5,(1 880 ), and when I examined the the Gospel was for her the greatest

Apostle in 1882. Then I would have other book I found that it, too, was thing in life. To live according to

iknown more of the story of our a journal, the last date recorded beits principles and to implant those small family of four when the quaint ing July 24, 1881. principles deep in the mind and heart

oldfashioned. house was our home. Most of the readers of these pages of her son was her constant desire.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 193 8

Their home was a humble one, quite 1880. The first entry in the journal

different from that in which father reads:

nine was born before his days father died. His father, Jedediah M. returnOctoberpicked5th, somevisitedautumnPark City.leaves. OnTheymy

Grant, was, before his untimely were poison ivy. October 6th, visited the

death, the mayor of Salt Lake City Salt Lake Theatre; play, The Romance of &&!

and counselor to President Brigham athePoorpoisonYoungivy brokeMan. out.Seventh.., Didof Octoberlittle or

Young. no work, and from the 18th to the 28th was

By sewing and taking in boarders confined to my bed.

his mother earned to enough mainFather has often the story told me tain their humble home. the At age of detail. those days in greater His

of fifteen, Father went to work. trip to Park City was made horseEarly in life he decided on two back, and when he saw the beautithings he wanted to accomplish beful leaves, he gathered a big bunch

fore he was twentyone: to build a to take home to mother. The monew home for his mother, and to be tion of the horse caused the leaves

married. He was successful in both. gradually to drop off, until, as he

He has told me that it required a reached home, and dismounted, the great deal of persuading to get my last leaves fell in the at his feet. mud A PORTRAIT CHILDHOOD OF PRESImother to consent to marrying him DENT GRANT'S felt TWO ELDEST always so grateful that He has

DREN, RACHEL TAYLOR, RIGHT, GRANT so soon. they did not last. It would have been CHIL- (THE AUTHOR), LUCY AND GRANT

time of his the marriage At tragic if mother had received the gift, CANNON, LEFT. he for of the on the 22nd secmonth her called Taylor to upon speak me to again prospering in his was insurance child the saints. ond was born. Father so Sunday President was morning Canbusiness. He has always said that ill at the time that it was with great non spoke to the saints. In the afternoon

Apostle Francis presented the one of the farthest M. Lyman things his from difficulty and pain stepped inside he General Authorities, Church those of and ambition to office hold was in the to her bedroom see his door new I the stake. did not notice that there was Church. in legislature, the be To daughter, falling off any they in the Lucy, named whom votes when name my

mayor of the city, or to go to Conafter her mother. was presented as there had been the day

before. gress were more in harmony with continues: The journal ordained I was President of the Tooele his for plans the future.

of Thirtieth Stake Zion under of October, of the hands visited Tooele City

Then, just before he was twentyin company with President John Taylor, dent Taylor, Counselors George Q. PresiCan-

four, came the call to go to Tooele George Q. Cannon, and Joseph F. Smith, non and Joseph F. Smith, and Apostle F.

President M. Lyman, Elders and Taylor, George F. Gibbs mouth. He and W. W.and that preside over stake. Withstated I that Taylor. should seek to aid and Godout hesitation, call, he the accepted assist in 30th, performing October duties, me attended the Tooele should Stake my

offering to give up his business. The quarterly conference. President Lyman reconsult with the authorities of the Church

Presidency of the Church told him ported the condition of the stake and gave often, and stated that I should have power to perform a brief history a mighty in of the the politically stake work of Kingdom and his familyto move to his new if faithful. stake, religiously since God his appointment. In thebut to continue his business interests I afternoon spoke a minutes, folfew was Welfare a work subject was in conSalt City. Lake lowed President by F. Smith, Joseph whose

discourse was very interesting. sidered at the first Priesthood meetThe Young Stake President He was followed by President John ing held after Father's appointment.

Taylor, who announced that the Presidency He writes:

Father had many varied experiof the Church and the Twelve Apostles

Saturday visited Grantsville. the afIn had chosen to Heber presideences the during over month of October, ternoon attended Priesthood a meeting. the The Tooele Stake, called J.andGrant for a vote

only business transacted the allotment was of the to saints sustain in the him position.THE TOOELE HOMESTEAD of OF HEBER sheep, cows and to voted the be given There were negative no votes, but a good- J. GRANT, MAN, THE YOUNG HIS AND at poor the April Conference held in Salt ly saints the number of FAMILY, did IN not for vote FROM A SKETCH the WATER

in Lake City 1880.COLORS allotment BY The RACHEL was TAYLOR. GRANT president. new After the vote President

made as follows:

lis::):: y:\:.'.':......:-.!.::, Total Total Church Church Ward Ward

Cows Sheep Sheep Cows Cows Sheep

Grantsville...JO 54 4 21 6 33

10 6 45.- TooeleSt. Johns 2 4

Lake View 2 8 16113 E. T. City........ 2

Vernon 1575None Needed.41530

Total....23 153 9 60 14 93 W0% 3

Monday, November:::::::;: 22nd. I am twenty-

'''"".:.:'.":'.; ': '; four years old today.

,*-V Father was advised to leave the mm of his counselors until he \n choosing IHtfiEgmm?'became acquainted in the stake, and

it was not until the next quarterly conference, January 30, 1881, that the choice was made. His record

says: Hugh S. Gowans was chosen my first

counselor, and Thomas W. Lee my second.

:;:::-. '''... 'r.\.\ / '.."... '...- The first time father mentions

iiBilllllll mother's going {Continuedto Tooeleonwas:page 700)

RICHARD L EVANS

OurL.managingEvans (borneditor,MarchRichard23, Dyitsputtingfaith youthin youth.in highrlchardplaces,l. theevansChurchby his manifestsindustry,

1906), was called at the reintegrity, honesty, devotion to truth, willingness to cent General Conference to be a sacrifice, and other virtues has marked himself as a leader member of the First Council of Sevof and an example to the youth of zlon.

enty as the youngest man to be called to a place among the General Authorities of the Church since 1906.

His appointment comes to him at age 32. Fortunately, this new work will

not deprive the Era of his notable editorial service. Instead, his new

connection will enhance his labors.

Brother Evans is in every particular worthy to fill the vacancy among the General Authorities occasioned by the death of Elder J.

Golden Kimball. In natural endowment, education, spiritual comprehension, and integrity, he will rise

to the best traditions of the Council which he enters. He is an intelligent, sturdy, and fearless defender

of the Gospel. Best of all, he is

a sincere, consistent, and active LatRULON S. WELLS, SENIOR MEMBER OF THE

Saint withterday L. EVANS.

of the truthof the Gospel—thea firm testimonyfirst BY COUNCIL, WELCOMES RICHARD

requisite for acceptable service in the DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE Christ.Church of were met. Brother Evans can testify

The call was unexpected and unOf the Council of the Twelve that the Lord is a friend of the widow sought, as all calls to service in the and the fatherless, and that the sacChurch should be. Officeseeking companying heavy responsibilities rifices of a family bereft of husband

has no place in the Church. We to a great people. But there was no and father, understood only by those

it, becomeknow that Brother Evans stood in hesitation. He accepted the call who have gone through

fear and trembling before the new gladly, though conscious of the reconverted into blessings. It was so

opportunities for service and the acquired personal sacrifices. The with this family.

FilCHARD HIS WIFE, ALICE AND So, Richchildhood, from earliest of dishave had dreams that he may

SONS, L.EVANS,EVANS RICHARD TWOTHORNLEY AND

fields learned the lesson buried. of work. ard in secular tinction Dewere JOHN EVANSL, JR., (LEFT) THORNLEY AND

RIGHT. The larger labor in the Church of livering papers, selling flowers, serChrist was faced with steady vision. vice at a soda fountain, driving

In his own words, "to turn back is trucks, traveling as a salesman for to turn away"; and Brother Evans wearing apparel, and surveying with

does not turn away from his convic- a railroad were among the tasks that tions. Of this no one has doubt who drilled the boy in habits of industry

has known him or who heard him and thrift. A keen business sense was

respond to his call before the Taberdeveloped, reflected later in his outnacle congregation at the recent standing business activities at KSL

General Conference of the Church. and with The Improvement Era, and

Richard Evans knows the life of in his affiliation with the Rotary and a widow's son. He was only ten Advertising clubs. He always heeded

weeks old when his father, John A. his mother's counsel; onetenth of his

Evans, a former general manager of earnings has been given to the Lord, the Deseret News, died as the result from his first earned dime to his presof an accident. His mother, Florence ent income. Strength comes to those

Neslen, of firm English stock, reared who command their natural love for her family of four sons and five temporal possessions, and acknowldaughters to be faithful Latterday edge, through obedience to the prinSaints. The eldest, 1 8 years of age at ciple of tithing, that all good gifts come from the Lord.

the death of the father, was immediIn the midst of jobs to earn money, ately sent on a mission for the schooling was not forgotten. He

Church. All had to work, but, standhas an excellent education. He

ing together, the needs of the family graduated from the Latterday Saint

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 193j8

last as Secretary of the European

Mission. In 1935 he was made a

member of the Y. M. M. I. A. General Board.

It was while Brother Evans served as a traveling Elder in the Norwich

District of the British Mission, that

Dr. James E. Talmage, then President of the European Mission, observing the keen intellect and literary

gift of the young missionary, called him to be Associate Editor of the venerable Millennial Star, oldest of the presentday Church publications.

He was continued in this work by the writer, who succeeded Dr. Talmage, and Richard later became

JOHN ALLDRIDGE EVANS, FATHER OF Secretary of the European Mission, FLORENCE NESLEN EVANS, MOTHER OF RICHARD L. EVANS traveling widely and showing maRICHARD L. EVANS

tured insight into the varied business

High School in 1924, from the Uniand administrative problems of the was the radio announcer for the Tabversity of Utah with the degree of farreaching European Mission. ernacle Choir at the San Diego Ex-

A. B. (major in English) in 1931; His Star service revealed such position and for other Church events,

with the degree of M. A. (major in fine literary judgment and craftssuch as the dedication of the monuEconomics) in 1932. While in high manship that when the late Profesment at Winter Quarters. He preschool he was editor of the school sor Harrison R. Merrill withdrew pared and delivered a series of

paper and won a state championship from the editorship of The Improvetwenty-three radio talks for the for debating, and an award for disment Era, Brother Evans was, in Church Sunday Evening Hour. His

tinguished service to the school. In January, 1936, selected to fill the announcing activities have been

college he affiliated with Pi Kappa vacancy. The volumes of the Milvaried, including presentation of

Alpha fraternity. Wide reading, lennial Star and The Improvement presidents of the United States, and

extensive travel, and association with Era under Brother Evans'collaboracoverage for international networks worthwhile people, have extended tion are eloquent witnesses of his of speed tests on the Bonneville Salt his educational horizon. He has literary ability. Among his writings Flats. Not only has his announcing

to win himfirsthand acquaintance with many is A Century o[ Mormonism in Great been of such quality as lands and peoples. Britain, an authoritative history of nationwide distinction, but he has

"Rrom his earliest boyhood, also, the British Mission. shown himself able to write and

Richard Evans was taught the Soon after his return from Engproduce scripts of such appeal that

Gospel. He attended Priesthood land, in 1 929, Brother Evans became they are now awaited every Sunday

and auxiliary meetings, took part in connected with Radio Station KSL, morning, in connection with the L.

Church activities, as quorum leader, and showed outstanding ability D. S. Church Tabernacle Choir

Boy Scout, Sunday School teacher, in that field as announcer, producer, broadcast, throughout and beyond counselor in the Y. M. M. I. A. administrative officer, and writer. the nation, in response to which tens

superintendency, etc., and gained He has been the coastto-coast anof thousands of letters have come

experience in Church procedure. At nouncer for the Tabernacle Choir from listeners. Indeed, his classical,

the end of his second year in colweekly broadcasts since 1930. He faithpromoting sermonettes, made

lege, in the fall of 1926, he went on a AN INFORMAL CONFERENCE PICTURE OF THE alive by the Gospel spirit, furnish mission to Great Britain, where he FIRST COUNCIL OF SEVENTY, READING FROM weekly joy, comfort, and instruction served until the fall of 1929, first as TAYLOR,LEFT TO ANTOINERIGHT, RICHARDR. IVINS,L. RULONEVANS,S.JOHNWELLS,H. to a radio audience of untold milYOUNG, EDGAR SAMUELtraveling Elder, next as Associate LEVI ABSENT 0.BECAUSEBENNION.OF lions. This radio work he will also K. HARDY WAS RUFUSEditor of the Millennial Star, and ILLNESS. {Concluded on page 671)

Probability There is a law, irrevocably decreed in heaven before the foundation of this world, upon which all blessings are predicatedblessing obtain any and when we from BY to that obedienceGod, law upon it is by which it is predicated.—Doc. and Cov. 130:20, 21. DR. HARVEY

his is a generalized statement of FLETCHER the law of cause and effect. If Director of Physical

Research, Bell Labor-T then we know the laws and atories, and President their attendant blessings, we ought of New York Stake, to be able to predict what will happen to a person, if we know what laws and commandments he is keeping. In other words, on the face of

it, life the seem it would that by a JhoASL i&u onsL low to whkk. JthjL is living able toman be we should

predict more or less precisely what juncsJjoiniif jfVtinjdfxlsL do&A. not

will be his circumstances. To

make this line of reasoning more apph—anjdL iLiA.&fc. ihhu law Ihat

concrete, some examples are here given In section 89 of the Doctrine and

Covenants, following a statement of law known as the Word of Wisdom, blessed economically if they faithcertainly shattered the philosophy in this promise is given: fully pay their tithes is a true one. which I had put such confidence.

And all saints who remember to keep But I want to emphasize the fact that As I thought upon this experience, these sayings,and do in walking obedience plural the "Saints"is used in the that father was I remembered my to shall the health commandments, receive sentence. like preceding still seemed suffering from what theirin navel their to bones; and marrow

and shall find wisdom and great treasures Another commandment with an an act of injustice on the part of of knowledge, even hidden treasures; and inferred promise of a particular blessProvidence. He was a contractor

shall run and not be weary and shall walk of a the In middle and builder. ing is the fifth of the Ten Com-

I, faint; not theand Lord, and give called to go building he boom, was namely: unto mandments, that thethem a promise destroying angel

shall pass by them and not slay them. Honor thy father and thy mother that on a mission to the Central States.

thy days may be long upon the land which He answered the call and left his

This is one of the most direct and the Lord thy God giveth thee. wife and seven children. Near the

definite promises of reward for keepIt is usually taught that this apend of this mission, his mother died, ing a commandment that we have. plies today as well as to the Israeland he was granted leave to go home

In III Nephi 24:10, we read the ites of old, and I think it does apply. to attend the funeral. He had been

following These examples are sufficient to home only three days, when he beBring ye all the tithes into the storehouse, illustrate what is meant by laws and came totally deaf and remained so that there may be meat in my house: and their attendant blessings. during the remaining thirty years

prove herewith, saith the me of now Lord his life. not the reward of This was these laws with a young man, As if I willHosts, not the open windows you service. faithful for expected altheir blessings attendant becameof heaven, and blessing out pour you a

that there shall not be room enough to most a mathematical certainty with My mother, as a Relief Society receive it. me, until one day something happresident, performing her duty, sat

This was given to the Nephites, pened which upset this philosophy. up all night with a sister who was

and although not a direct promise, A young couple, having two mortally ill with pneumonia. My

it is usually interpreted as one and lovely children, lived neighbors mother contracted the virulent disas applying to us. At least we know to us. They kept strictly these comease and died within ten days. Exthat our leaders, from Brigham mandments which I have mentioned, cept for this disease, she probably

Young down to the present, have and, as far as I could see, they were would have lived many years longer, preached that if the Saints honestly also keeping all the other commandas she was well and strong before pay their tithes, they will be blessed ments as far as they knew them. contracting pneumonia.

both spiritually and economically. They were frequently referred to as One other example will be suffiFurther, through Joseph Smith the among the few very faithful ones cient to show that good people fully

Lord promises blessings for the in our ward. One day, when I came performing all their duties frequently

payment of tithes. He says in two home from school, I was horrified suffer even unto death. The wife

places in the Doctrine and Coveto learn of the accident that had beof one of my former stake presinants (85:3 and 64: 23 ) that he that fallen the father of this little family. dents became very ill. She had been

is tithed shall not be burned and that That day he had been caught in the so successful in spreading joy, sunhe who does not pay tithes is not wheels at the factory, torn limb from shine, and faith in God everywhere worthy to abide among the Saints. limb, thus dying a terrible death and she went, that everyone loved her.

Therefore, I choose to believe that leaving his wife with two little chil- I had never before heard such ferthe doctrine that the Saints will be dren dependent upon the ward. It vent prayers as went up in her behalf.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1938

Some of the more zealous almost deunderstanding the import of this of the wall, then a large percentage manded of the Lord that she should statement, it must be made clear will be found to go through to the be permitted to live and continue to what is meant by the word "Probother side without in any way disbe a blessing to the whole stake. ability": turbing the wall.

These prayers seemed to be of no If I hold in my hand three balls, Physicists can predict with conavail: the disease continued until it one red, one blue, and the other siderable accuracy the behavior of

finally snuffed out her life. large groups of individual atoms or

With the relating of these experimolecules, for then the behavior corences, each reader will no doubt responds to the calculated probthink of similar experiences close to ability. For example, if 1,000,000

his life. We do not talk much about people tried picking the black ball

them, because they seem to be flat out of the 99 white ones, approxicontradictions of what the Lord has mately 10,000 would pick the black promised. ball on the first trial. The same

For a number of years, these apnumber would pick it on the second parent contradictions gave me contrial, and so on for the other trials.

siderable mental unrest. On the face Such is the meaning of probability.

of it, it seems that we must either Now can we not apply these prinshut our eyes to such experiences or ciples to our religious problems?

say that the laws proclaimed by There is no doubt that the group of

God's servants are wrong. Now I Saints who keep the Word of Wiswant to show you that we do not dom will score a much higher averhave to do either, but we must modiage on a health basis, and that there

fy our interpretation of these laws. will be more vigorous old men and

This brings us to the significance of women in such a group. Statistics

the word "Probability."The word would show this to be the fact. The

is unusual and I think you will reother promises that they shall find member it and hope it will be a peg wisdom and great treasures of in your memory on which to hang the knowledge, even hidden treasures, lesson which this article hopes to DR. HARVEY FLETCHER is likewise being fulfilled for this

teach. group.

Similar contradictions arose in the yellow, and then place them in my But what can we say of each inphysical sciences. For a long time, coat pocket and mix them around in dividual in the group? He who keeps

scientists clung to the dogma that the pocket, and then I put my hand the Word of Wisdom increases every cause produced exactly the into the pocket to withdraw a ball, greatly his probability of having same effect; consequently, since the what is the probability that the color good health, of living a long life, and

causes at one time are all fixed, then of the ball drawn will be red? We of finding great treasures of knowlthe world's history forever is fixed, say that it is one in three, or oneedge. He who honors his father and

and all we can do is to watch it unthird. If I place 99 white balls tomother increases greatly his probwind. gether in a basket with just one black ability of living a long life. He who

ball and thoroughly stir them topays his tithes increases greatly his

T-Towever, experiments, particulargether, and after being blindfolded, probability of not being burned and ly in the world of tiny things, I reach into the basket and draw out of being found worthy to abide showed that the observed phenom- a ball, what is the probability that among the Saints and of having the enon could not be explained by such such a drawn ball is black? We windows of heaven opened and

a simple picture. Scientists consay that the probability is one in one blessings poured out upon him. But

cluded that it was a waste of time to hundred or onehundredth. Howwe cannot say with certainty that

argue whether this fatalistic philever, it is possible that the first ball these blessings will follow for each osophy was true or not true, since drawn will be black, although the individual case, because each indiit was of no value in predicting reprobability of its being white is very vidual is subject to so many other sults. For if the observed result difgreat (99 out of 100). laws and forces, some of which we

fered from that predicted, one could At the present time, this uncercan understand, but many more that easily say that some of the causes tainty principle reigns supreme in we can never hope to know or unwere left out in the calculated result. the physics world. If I take a ball derstand. For example, each must

And indeed, some of the causes man and throw it at a brick wall, most of be influenced by the sins as well as can never hope to find; for as soon as you would say that any simpleton by the good deeds of his father and

the probe for making a measurement could see that the ball would be mother, even unto the third and of conditions is introduced, it disstopped when it reached the wall. fourth generation back. Each must

turbs those conditions. So there is However, a modern physicist would be influenced by what went on in the

no way of knowing what the condisay that there is a probability, alspirit world before he came to earth,, tions were before the introduction though extremely small, of the ball's and by what is planned in the spirit of the disturbing probe. going through the wall without world to which he is going. Of theseSo, according to the current philtouching it. This probability inthings we know nothing and never

osophy in physics, you can never creases as the ball gets smaller. can expect to be able to learn of

predict exactly what will happen unWhen it reaches the size of atoms, them, except in the few cases where:

der a given set of measured condithen the probability of such a fastrevelations have been received contions, but you can calculate the probmoving tiny particle's piercing the cerning them.

ability that such a thing will happen wall is high. So if a large number Indeed, some of the trials and tribunder such conditions. But before of such particles bombard the side (Concluded on page 698)

Christ. Wonderful cures were performed on the spot, and pilgrims

came there from afar. The archbishop of Prague, who was opposed to

superstition and the abuses of the church, appointed a commission of three, including Huss, to investigate the miracle. The committee decided

that the miracle was a fraud. Huss

wrote: "The glorified body of

Christ exists dimensionally in heaven alone, though truly and really in the Sacrament of the altar. (Huss

did not deny transubstantiation.

Nothing that belonged to this body could be separated from it and present, by itself, alone on the earth.

All that is said, therefore, about relics of Christ's body, or of his

MARTYRDOM OF JOHN HUS5 blood, as being2 in this place or that,

From a painting by C. F. Lessing. must be false."

At an early period, Huss had read many of Wyclif's writings. "I am

drawn to him (Wyclif),"he says, "by the reputation he enjoys with the good, not the bad priests, at theJhsL PROTESTORS University of Oxford, and generally with the people, though not with the bad, covetous, pomploving, dissipated prelates and priests. I am

attracted by his writings, in whichOF CHRISTENDOM he expends every effort to conduct all men back to the law of Christ, and especially the clergy, inviting them to let go the pomp and dominion of the world and live with the life of to according the Apostles By JAMES L BARKER love Christ. I the by am attracted

Head of the Department of Modern Languages at which he had for the law of Christ, the University of Utah, and a member of the Genmaintaining its truth and holding it could eral Board of the Deseret Sunday School Union that not3 one jot or tittle of fail."He had also studied the Bible

and the church Fathers and rein parthe Testament, garded New early the writings of In parents poor. 1396, were Huss Wyticular, doctrine. as the source ofVery at his the received Master's degree clif their to found Boway early as 1402, was Huss As in of and, University 1398, Prague sister hemia. of King The at University the of Prague known at to lecture he the Unibegan the ofWenceslaus Bohemia became of of doctrines the as a defender

versity. II of of Richard and England,wife auIn University Wyclif. the 1403

this brought about an unusual exIn 1391, John of Milheim, a memthorities forbade the teaching of council of ber of the royal Bohemia, of thechange ideas between UniCreutz, a merchant, "foundedversity of the and the oldest of Prague, a lif'sfortyfivewritings.articlesIntaken1405,fromInnocentWyc-

'Bethlechapel they which named universities, Oxford andGerman called archbishop of the upon VII for of or the hem,'Bread, House of the ideas University, and Wyclif seize to writings Prague Wyclif's... people. of the use the common in diffused Bohemia. widelywere to out heresy. stamp and

to this a preacher church Over was influx of the WyclifianBefore the In 1410, ordered Alexander V... it special placed be duty whose Militz,ideas, of Matthias John Jaseize to archbishop burn and Wyforth the to should hold be wordnow, others protested and had clif's at forbade, writings the and

festiof every on and Sunday God,against the the of abuses Church all 1 time, preachunauthorized same in val the day, tongue."Bohemian attention directed the toand had ing. his successor, appealed to Huss In preacher chosen 1401, Huss wasapostolical Church. the However, in vain; but hunXXIII, two John this church. overinfluence of so great Wyclif was of copies dred Wyclifian manu- a church been Wilsnach, had At in that the the time of Huss, Bohetolling scripts the to burned were

in the fourknight destroyed a by protestors, especiallymian and bells. later, of the church days Two altar part teenth the century of andHuss, teaching of accused were WyHuss, excommunicated. was Huss

left standing. wafers, colored Three clif's doctrines. on page 69 1 ( Continued

red, were found in the altar and reJohn Huss was born July 6, 1369, garded as a symbol of the blood of ander's2Huss,ChurchGlorificationHistory,of vol.alt ix,Christ'sp. 344.Blood, in Ne3Huss, contra Stokes, Replica Anglicum Joannemat village Husinec, a Bohemian

I. tail. 108, History in Neander, General ofnear of Bavaria. the borders 348. His ligionMeander,and Church,Generalvol. History9, p. 341.of the Christian ReChristianOpp. p. Religion Church, and

What's "My daddy prayed for it when'powder of"M.DTHER,zernment'?"Just like they had the Sunday School meeting

that, out of a clear blue sky, Billy at our house. He said, 'And give

asked his question. us "powder"of zernment"in selecting "Oh, my word,"gasped Mother. teachers!'

'Powder of zernment?'Why I The relief on the kind teacher's

never heard of it."face was visible. "Billy,"she said,

Billy was silent a moment, then 'power of discernment"means said unexpectedly, "How far is it to to let an old grayhaired lady like me

Sunday?"teach kindergarten, because I love

Mother saw no connection at all all little children."

between the questions, but she was Sunday School was over. Billy

used to this from Billy, "This is waited around for Mother and Dad

Saturday, so tomorrow is Sunday. to come out of a special meeting with

Now run and play."the visitors. He was bursting to

Billy turned and ran, but his mind tell them what he knew. The meetwas very busy. Miss Brown would ing was not long, the mind of a

know what "powder of zernment"little boy to the contrary, but when was. Miss Brown knew everything. they came out, they kept right onOf course Mother knew some things, POWDER talking. Even when some of them

like "Where's my cap?"and "What got into Billy's auto they didn't stop.

over over saying and aday was very One lady is this?"and she was good g-

aids,""visual as thingssliverpuller-outof, such "methdidn't she but know things like "Is China up or ods of approach,""background of down?"She said, "Oh, my word, psychology,"and many other things

even the Chinese don't know these which Billy was storing in his minddays."But Miss Brown knew. She ZERNMENT to pop out as sticklers for Mother,

didn't laugh, or say "Oh, my word."and eventually be carried to Miss

She just said, "Sometimes it's up, A SHORT Brown for solution.

and sometimes it's down. Our FaThen his daddy said to the lady,

ther in Heaven made the world turn SHORT "She may not be trained in the modaround and around so that China STORY ern manner, but she's a born teacher;

wouldn't always be up, or always be she loves her work; and her attenddown."That made it easy to think TO DWELL UPON ance is perfect."

about, and told about night and day, Billy had no idea what they were too. talking about, but there was a moeagerness, With restrained silence after his redaddy's like By ment'sa jackin-thebox, Billy sat through that mark, and what was he had

the opening exercises of Sunday for. waiting been

School. LEONE AMOTT ROSE than were longer They "Daddy, what 'powder of I knowusual, visitors because the on were

stand. Miss Brown sat next to him, zernment'is."

quiet and sedate, her soft gray hair golden moment had arrived. "Miss "Forevermore,"laughed the lady,

in an oldfashioned bun at the crown Brown, what's 'powder of zern- "what is it?"

of her head. Abraham, who was ment'?"There wasn't the slightest "It's a thing you pray for, and it

Isaac's daddy, and the bishop, and doubt in his sweet little face as he gives you teachers like Miss Brown.

Miss Brown all had gray hair. Some gazed up at her. She's the wonderfullest teacher in

day Mother and Dad would have Miss Brown's heart turned over, all the world."

gray hair, then they'd know everyand landed theoretically on its knees. The lady, stake supervisor of kinthing, like Abraham, who was Isaac's She silently prayed, "Dear Father, dergartens, who had graduated from

daddy, and the bishop, and Miss help me to understand what he all her courses with honors, had forBrown. means. He has such faith in me."gotten to pray for the power of disFinally the kindergarten marched "Where did you hear the words, cernment. She sat very still, and

down to their room and Billy's Billy?"Her lips trembled slightly. learned a lesson from a little child.

0*GO

HE PLUNGED DOWN OVER

DANGERS WHERE NO BROKE HORSE COULD BE INDUCED TO FOLLOW, AND HE LEAPED UP WHERE NONE COULD FOLLOW, HOWEVER MUCH HE TRIED.

This illustration is from a sketch in water colors by Buck Lee, cowboy artist, born on the reservation, and now running the W-L guestranch and a trading post within Monument Valley.

Chapter One JhsL NATIVE BLOOD JLh.he black stallion plunged over theTbroken rim of the mesa By ALBERT R. LYMAN

and the wild band followed in a thundering after stream him. They A NOTHER gripping story comes from out of the slope; they leapedraced down

rocks and brush and gullies, beating THE SOUTHWEST BY THE AUTHOR OF "THE and plowing the earth with their Outlaw of Navajo Mountain."

flinty hoofs. They are gone, their

cloud of dust drifts away on the wind and the roar of their flying feet As they approach his lookout on one after another of his band spent dies on the desert silence. When the hilltop, he hurries cautiously or dead behind him, but the stallion

they have crossed the low hills at down expecting to surprise them at himself would pierce the distance the bottom, they become a comet- a certain rocky point, to ride through alone, secure from all pursuit.

like disturbance in the haze of that the staggering procession and lasso Moping to the top of a sandhill, distant ridge. king of the mesa when his breath is. Husteele scans the distance behind

And down the slope from the spent from his long run. him, wondering whether his rivals

broken rim, intent and eager on the Before Husteele reaches that have detected his fruitless effort to deepcut trail, comes Yoinsnez and rocky point, the black horse makes profit at their loss.

his stripling son—-raised quirts—full a surprise turn down a ravine to the *****

left, his panting herd leading away a-puf mustangsspeed—-their and the desert of JLhe gods rocks. of dangerous spread a overflecked lather. hot with reach They their hardship children with nurse after rides eagerly hill Husteele themthe with low fagging boundstern they want. hands and With quirt Surely he speed. trot, tothey dwindle to to walk, a a raised—top strength develop endurance by and will are them; they weary, overtakea stop ridge. a dead on low

unfit, killing the the and and weak big nursing forward, so he whips the mysterious of Oh, endurance forth of bring a they breed and men hopes.that horse! black dobahttsen!""Shi at to animals weariness and laugh

(I in colt the it) finds sprawled can't a understand panted He death. defy

Yoinsnez, knitting his retreating rocks from exhaustion; he finds a It is alleged that Ishmael, Hagar's

brow. of Bible son some unusual fame, by The chase is lost to Yoinsnez and breath—shemare with bloodhas burston aherlunglaboredtrying in of fortune, concentrated stroke

his son, but not yet lost to their rival, to keep pace with her black king.

Husteele, Away over yonder in the Husteele's mare responds less and one mare the stamina of all the good misty distance Husteele is waiting less to the fierce quirt, until he has to horses in that part of the world.

on his fleet black mare, eager to tread relent, for her heart is pounding as if That mare's foal was the invincible on the heels of the desperate band about to break. But what difference, Arabian who fought his way westwhen they are dropping with exsupposing he had a fresh horse right ward through persistent generations

haustion. now, the black stallion would leave over the deserts of the Barbary coun662

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1938

tries and northward with the Moors creature that appeared nowhere but They caught glimpses of his black into Spain. From there he went with in the enchanted remoteness of the figure in the distance, always in the

the old conquerors into Mexico and extreme faraway. Yet wild addistance, his coat shining like polfought his way northward again miration impelled Yoinsnez and ished metal. He loved the uplands

among inferior breeds to appear at Husteele to race after him, to lay of Huskaniny Mesa, but he could frequent intervals as a mysterious snares and make blind corrals in his slip easily from it to the faraway, freak with the mustangs. trail, and then to admire with astonand sometimes he took his course

Hidden for generations in the ishment when he steered clear of among the mysterious buttes of wondrous possibilities of deseret every one of them. Monument Valley, where two of

cayuse stock, he appeared again as those buttes called "The Mittens,"a miracle individual in a wild band Yoinsnez and his son reached up like ponderous hands on Huskaniny Mesa of the Navajo waited under cover of trees and against the skyline.

country on the line between Utah brush along the rim for days at a Weird shapes and deceiving and Arizona. According to the time. They rode their cayuses to a mirages hovered over the monuNavajos he was a full grown horse frazzle over hill and canyon, determents and over the magnificent

when he first appeared. At all mined to have the magnificent wild stretches of yucca and pricklypear

his events, maghe had reached disthem. of between Enchantment creature, orno matter many how

nificent discovmaturity when they fanciful profiles to tance gave rocks dinary horses to they rode death on all of them ered him among the wild horses of his trail. But he went always where and mountains far away,

startdesert, that discovery the and stories confirming fabulous of the they figured he he would not go, and rivalry sharp the Yoinsed between alinvincible horse. black He was in the captivating them mocked game nez and Husteele. where horses match wits with men. leged to be in league with the ghosts

the tendencies of pronounced The mirage, the the told ghosts and minute they sure The he made was of horse, forced black dating from to fly him where. and when recaptured, his they only found deepto long sponse ago embargoes hard

little cut tracks or a mocking saw in states, in the Arabia Barbary and drifting dust the wind. on away influenza of plague relish /\ desert native for the found

demands of the reservation. By some In Husteele's blood from vigorrode the winds over the reservation.

magic of nature he had reverted to ous generations, ran the eager pasIt prostrated Yoinsnez and every one racetrack. sion of the His most in his life the crushed the invincible Arabian of ancient hogan—it precious asset black was the fleet his stripling fromcountries son and hung far away.

And now in this modern desert, mare, next to her his bay mare and grimly on his little daughter, Eltas in those deserts of the past, this then his white mare. He cherished ceesie. While they lay helpless and

Arabian horse found a race of men a scheme for an extraordinary relay sorrowing on their blankets, Husteele inured to privation and hardship, a chase by which he hoped to exhaust and his little son, Peejo, went hunttribe selected through ages of biting and capture the wild stallion or deing again on the mesa. Tormented

difficulty and want as the fittest to coy him into a trap. But the mesawith his utter helplessness to follow

survive. And the fittest among king entrusted by nature with the one cautiously on their tracks, Yoinsnez

these desert men had an instinctive supreme task of preserving his own contrived to make sure that they did desire to share the glory of the black liberty, seemed to travel in his not bring with them the mesa king.

stallion's survival, to ride with thoughts two full jumps ahead of They returned under cover of night, matchless honor on his back and be men and their cunning plots against but daylight showed their horses thus kingly among men, as the stalhim. sleek and full, proving they had not

lion was kingly among horses. Every time he proved he could been in any recent chase. That

To them he was Beleeh thlizhen not only run faster but think faster meant they had not found Black- ( Blackhorse ), and they competed than the Navajos, they became just horse; he had not yet returned from

determinedly for his capture. It was that much more crazy to have him another mysterious vacation; and

all in vain—Blackhorse maintained for their own. The eager rivalry Yoinsnez could still be first to pursue

his freedom and snorted his exultabecame allabsorbing Beleeh thlizhim when he came back.

tion of defiance in the solitude. He hen! Surely he had some super- (Continued on page 698)

their power "THE MITTENS,"and admiration VALLEY, MONUMENT UTAH lithe ofgrew more more natural body and courtesy (Used o[ by Harry Goulding, to little less amounted than worship.cunning experiwith every of mind runs trading a in the who post valley.)

ence. He plunged down over dangers

where no broke horse could be induced to follow, and he leaped up where none could follow, however much he tried.

He would disappear for weeks at a time, and all their hunting failed to reveal his hiding place or his tracks. When they withdrew from

his retreat in the wilderness and stayed away long enough, he return-!

ed to his band as mysteriously as he v-..;

had come.

He was a phantom. He made

tracks in the dust; he could be seen

and heard, but no man had been able to touch him. He was the kind of

"!:"- $sfV;t-V

inaccessible printed volumes, and THE MAGIC copies of genealogical compilations that now exist only in manuscript ogLJthiL form. The cost of many of these

records has hitherto been utterly prohibitive. Now, by the introduction of the microfilm record and the

reading machine with its clearcut, MICROFILM enlarged image, all this has changed.

Recently two records we borrowed JhiSu Tbdjo. (fat fa swmloqkaL Office: Historian's the Church from

Record, records (fkMjaAjcJL WjoIuul. fajpajinq. o&Wl, ThecontainingEdinburghthe namesConferenceand

VYIdJxsl (kniUiaisL, VYIdJisl dlaftuL and of all members of the branches of the Edinburgh District dating from about the year 1844, had 242 pages;

the other, a Danish branch record, volcontained 90 pages. The two By ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT entries. included 5,629 separate umes

Secretary Utah Genealogical Society With equipment in our possession,......:.....: 7,:,:;;.:;;.:;;::.:::.,. these pages were photographed at

giant of the microfilm can bring any the rate of one page in every ten record to his very desk. seconds. From the negative a posiThe microfilm is a new developtive film was made. In less than

ment in its present form and use. two hours, both books had been

The motion picture industry made photographed. When time, labor,

available vast quantities of good and and materials were counted up, the cheap films. Further experimentacost of both duplicate records per

tion developed a cellulose acetate page was less than 2c.

base film that was noninflammable, With specialized, automatic and, according to official tests, has equipment, eastern firms have been as great durability as the best grade able to photograph records at the of rag paper. Upon a narrow roll rate of 30 pages a minute, and at a

of such safety film, page after page cost not exceeding lea page.

of desired records can be photoThere is no chance for error in graphed in sequence at a remarkably copying by this process. The photo

rapid rate, and at an amazingly low record is a true copy in every recost. Upon this tiny roll of film is spect. In some cases, however, the

thus condensed an identical minphoto copy is an improvement over iature record of the original, but octhe original. By means of suitable

cupying from only two to five perfilms, lighting, and filters, pages upon cent of the storage space required which, through the action of time, by the original books or documents. the ink has faded to a point where

From this original negative film, (Concluded on page 685)

ELLEN HILL, ASSISTANT LIBRARIAN, VIEWING numerous positive films can be re-

A PAGE FROM THE EDINBURGH CONFERENCE produced.

RECORD IN THE ARGUS READING MACHINE. The next requirement was the deera has arrived in record

this miniature enlarge which wouldAnewsearching. Ready to do our velopment of a reading machine picture record so that could each

bidding stands a tiny giant, be easily read in daylight in any THE LARGE BOOK

Aladdin's the genie of aspowerful or library. room, laboratory, The

RECcan a he word oflamp. At bring to outcome was the production two CONFERENCEISORD.THE THEEDINBURGHSMALL

us promptly whatsoever we may serviceable reading machines, the THEBLACKBOTTOMROLLRIGHTAT wish in the nature of records. He is Recordak Library Projector proIS A MICROFILM

a most faithful servant. From duced by the Eastman Kodak ComTHISREPRODUCTIONENTIRE VOLOF

sources both near and far, from pany, and the Argus Reading MaUME,RELATIVE SHOWINGSIZE records whether written in our own chine marketed by the International AND CONVENIENCE or in foreign languages, he brings a Research Corporation. Both of OFFILM.THE MICROmost faithful reproduction of what these machines may now be viewed

we require, which varies not a whit in the Library of the Genealogical from the original. Society of Utah.

With such an assistant at his comThe Genealogical Society of mand, the seeker after genealogical Utah, with a large membership knowledge must speedily revise all whose ancestors hail from virtually his previous methods of research. all nations of the world, has long

The horizon of his possibilities in felt the urgent need of securing recresearch has widened immeasurably. ords from all countries—copies of

There is no limit to the records he parish registers, wills, deeds, marmay ask for and get, for this little riage licenses, rare outof-print and

A PAGE FROM THE LIFE OF A

BUSINESS MANAGER By RICHARD L EVANS Of the First Council of the Seventy Advertising advantages were also sought for the growing young magazine, as shown by a typical letter to '"to multimillionaires and to the humble Frank R. Snow, dated November

and inconspicuous there went out as 14, 1899:

many as 8,000 letters a year, signed by Frank R. Snow, Esq.

President Grant, in order that the Era Sec'y Consolidated Implement Co.,

could send free copies to missionaries. City.

Here brought to light are some of these MyI thankDear Friend:you for yours of the 10th which

unusual documents: reached me this morning, upon my return

from Montana. I shall call on George, and

I hope, with your aid, to convince him that

Since that day fortyone years Bishop John C. Sharp it would be to the advantage of your comago when the Era began its Vernal,Dear Brother:Utah. panycolumnsto ofplacethe Era.an advertisement in the

career, its first Business ManIf you have $25 or $50.00 that you do Yours sincerely,

ager and present Senior Editor, not know what to do with, and would like (Signed) H. J. Grant.

in kindly treasures to Heaven, lay some up deterPresident Grant, Heber J. it to be to send Improvement Era The the letters the went out by And so it distributed that should bemined their free account. to credited missionary hundreds and thousands from by the

1, for cost the I contributed missionaries and $100 Volumewithout among until Era's vigorous promoter, 2, in sending the Era to the for Volume pos- $75.00of the make this Church. To

free. the magazine our missionaries has been able to send financially,sible, he signed as many

to free copies for our missionaries at checking accounts In up Volume a cost in letters eight yearas a thousand

I 2, find are several that hundred we exceeding In appreciation $50,000.soliciting these of support. Some short. dollars for this service, for the and adletters, interesting docuand human that business has been your Hoping of the the so vancement cause, Church last the it will that during year the prosperous great written to thements, and

inconspicuous without fear or favor, be a source of pleasure for you to help the missionaries and mission presidents in turn out enthusiastically Missionary Free with a have placed Fund Era to light recently in an oldhave come contribution, rekind with handsome and the in the of Era homes membersletter selections are which book from I for family, as gards yourself and am in and of the nonmembers Church ever,here reproduced.

Your friend and brother, response to President Grant's stateTo David Eccles, multimillion- (Signed) H. J. Grant. ments made on various occasions as

aire, wrote, under President Grant its at effectiveness missionary for to too small was No contribution 15, 1899:date of October abroad, of and which the folhome as acknowledgment, shown by a letDavid Eccles, Esq. ter to Bishop William Thorn, Nolowing are typical.

Ogden, Utah. vember 9, 1899: From Liverpool in a letter to EdDear Brother Eccles: Bishop William Thorne ward H. Anderson, dated October

Last year you very kindly gave $100.00 150 W. 6th South St., 10, 1906, President Grant wrote:

free in ourto to the aid sending Era Salt City, Utah. Lake Brother Dear Anderson:

I missions. also areElders gave on who I Bishop Dear letters lot enclosing of to to a mail am

last $75.00 year given$100.00 have and I in of dollars receipt for I two your of presidents am will stakes bishops. and

this year. short are a few hundred We... to subscription the of 3, Era. Volume send the next or some mail mail you more

if fordollars 2, fund on our and Volume... Please sincere accept thanks. of tell I following. the truth, my you To am feel this that like in to aidyou you would I it is that assure can very surprised you that much call the attention to has one

Imatter to pleased should have be your appreciated. of the leading the to brethren lack of supfor desire ascheck such amount you may all in to are doing our If port power the of make the bishpresidents Era. and We

I thisto contribute. will of forward copy the preacher the a of gospel.... just Era it ops is their to valuable knew how

to City. Baker of to commendation words which The people read editorials, President Smith's we

sincerely, Yours receiving are to missionaries from and unity whom they support much how and (Signed) H. J. Grant. the magazine goes free are very gratifying would have from the Saints if there were

indeed. more Eras taken in their stakes and wards,

sincere good wishes there With for you and be would need to get no an of work earlier, 13, days October Two

I increased am subscription. to1899, Bishop Sharp, he yours, John C. friend I Personally, and brother, Your the not would do without

wrote (Signed) H. }. Grant. {Concluded on page 694)

Going back, Nancy thought over Beckoning their remarks. Getting married

when they had had been a good thing. Without that as a spur Lynn

would still be drifting from one job roads to another, and with his father between times. He could be reconBy DOROTHY CLAPP ROBINSON ciled away from the land because it

made Vera happier. Seeing them

THEPorterSTORYand PeterTHUS Holverson,FAR: Nancytwo Chapter Ten hadgo bymadePhyl'sher onlonesome.the way Shehome.would

marriageable and verymuch-inlove young Phyllis looked up from her mendpeople of a rural Mormon community, Conclusion ing to see Nancy standing in her "their spring"anticipating themselves doorway.

others with in they, spring whichfound—the "Mark told me this was your day to the to decided friends, go had of their

Temple to be married at June Conference miles from town off. I have just seen Dale leave for time. But poor agricultural prospects and the old car T,wogave an apologetic cough school and I need to talk. No, keep

high'a Peter, caused debtaccumulated of gas! I can talk Nancy mending. your on with stopped—out postand to cautious man,principled young and told herself if she shouldn't have are sewing."She gone better you until times.""better the marriagepone

Questioning his motives and his wisdom, so far. Now she would have to walk dropped to the floor by the other's

and in the anger of her disappointment, in town or wait. She did not want chair.

her beserved impulsively notice onNancy It time to wait. her too of talk gave not much did she it was When be that the "postponement"would trothed

the to think. door opened out "I She to herself. and Lynn Mark saw the "engagement waspermanent and off."

The embarrassment was intensified by the get out just as a truck loaded with on the highway. Lynn is so changfact that two couples of "their crowd,"who gravel came up. ed!"

less economically prepared apparently were called, driver the you,"for them "Hey, "Isn't he? I was afraid decided marriage, to go through for parking the live across by in for you mean do with "what a while. They their plans notwithstanding. so these And

two parted, with hopes postponed—or abanthe middle of the road?"block. Since he got his truck so

doned. Living in a discouraged home with It was Lynn and he swung from they have an income, their troubles

ill father, chronically a and seriously disone door while Mark opened the have adjusted themselves. I hope brothers,couraged a workand younger

worn mother, Nancy became rebellious other. "What's wrong?"we soon do the same."

and determined to better her situation. She "Misjudged my gas.""What do you mean?"

finally secured a temporary clerical job with They began looking for a can into The young wife held up the sock in large operation ranching a nearby a secwhich they could siphon some from she was mending. She looked caretion country. something There of the was

about Reid Wood, young, impatient, citytheir own tank. Mark found one fully at it as if to satisfy herself that

bred son of the ranch operator, that she and went to the truck. "I can handle it was finished. Then laying it aside

wanted to remember. There was something it,"he said, so Lynn stopped by she picked up a fluffy white garment

that she couldn't Holversonabout Peter beNancy to have her tell him where from her work basket. At sight of resentment forget. There was some

tween Reid Wood and his father that she she had been. it Nancy caught her breath. Phyllis

couldn't understand. And so she found "Dale will go all the way. He let her gaze wander through the

herself among crosscurrents. But with the has what it takes."open door across the way to a tree,

liking herselfpassing days she found her Nancy was struck by the differthe leaves of which were turning near to her kindly drawing emjob andployer, father Ben Wood—and found her ence in his expression. The lassiyellow. When she faced Nancy

thoughts often drifting to his restless son, tude and indifference he had shown again, she smiled.

talked rode with much. she and whom at all gone. the "I dance months were two more He spoke am working

to serious put accident Mr. Ben WoodReid,A of of himself, wishing using and Dale then he and I am I am quitting. his ranch, the under in charge son of Reid

which responsibility he showed some signs had been more determined in seeking this for an excuse."

of commendable leadership and some signs training; but even as he spoke Nancy "What do you mean?"

of possessive arrogance. Nancy soon knew he was scarcely thinking of "I am going to tell you. I hope

that sweetheart,learned Peter her former I have serious financialHolverson, under obwhat he was saying. Work, good I can make you understand. was ligation to the Woods—and that young work, was what he wanted. To be decided the only way to save my

Wood intended to force payment. The able to be his own boss was a prehome is to quit work."

intrusion of a presumptuous nurse, Miss requisite. "Still I do not understand."

toMeade, employed care for Mr. Wood, "What are you doing?"she asked. "Did you know why Mark left difficult alreadyfurther complicated an

situation. A brief trip back to Nancy's "Hauling gravel for the highway the work at the Wood's ranch?"

home relieved the tension somewhat, after just now. I guess you knew T got "No. Reid liked him."

at the to her job she returnedwhich Wood the excuses, a truck."several but gave me "He

to that she missedranch been find had by necesthere reason are you satisfied, and reconreal was no was "And inthe general household and Reid by Wood in particular. At a dance, where she went ciled about leaving the farm?"sity for his staying. We are living

as Reid Wood's partner, Nancy observed "I'm making a living; guess it in an age when we dare to face facts,

in sweetheart, Pete,her former company alike. are not to same. the see day I amounts Some Nancy. You we

girl, with another further conwhich added to virtues truck."our a real each our have and have am going. We heart.fusion to her confused.. Then there followed one thrilling day—out of "So am I,"Mark called over his faults. I had always known Mark

which came Nancy's engagement to Reid shoulder, "making a living I mean. hadn't the force that Pete has, or

start the journey on a new ofWood—and I I will learned Lynn. have in with even Lynn. But buy Some day

the road. a But death new Nancy's of

it since will are been about have now. take more you That There we interfered withfather plans wedding and

started a new course of events. you home."married. He doesn't realize it but

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1938

It was so comforting to see him.

For a moment Nancy's purpose wavered. He was going to be hurt;

but one didn't rationalize with men like"I—him.I just sent Reid a telegram.

I'm afraid, you see, I shan't be your girl after all."

His smile faded. "What happened? Has my boy—

"He has been wonderful. Truly

he has. The fault is all mine. I

have just found out I was not being quite honest with him and myself."

The man turned his eyes toward the hills. When he faced her again

his glance was as unclouded as ever.

Only about his mouth there were faint lines of weariness.

"It's kinda hard. I had counted

on it.""I am sorry. I do love you."

His eyes searched her face.

Gradually he smiled. "You are

right. I think we have all been fool-

"NO. I MUST TELL YOU NOW. I SENT REID ing ourselves. Better to face it now

!—A TELEGRAM. TOLD ME ALL ABOUT IT than later.""I KNOW. YOU

WHILE YOU WERE UNCONSCIOUS. ABOUT THE From her finger Nancy drew her

LETTER, TOO."beautiful ring. She gave it one

pered, "that is true. I know it is true. lingering look then handed it to him

the with envelope. ourselves. be shall always brown Reid along We

please. here to him, "Give it neverhe is depending more and more on can be Pete."And tear ran down A

me. her cheek, then another and another. is your money. I didn't use any of

"And to save him you are quitShe brushed them savagely away. It.

ting?""Cry if you want,"Phyllis told Mr. Wood took the ring. De-

"Yes. Don't misunderstand me. her. liberately he placed it in his pocket

If there was any good reason why "No, I haven't anything to cry book. She still proffered the encouldn't I would workMark it reluctantly, his took gladly about. He I—I guess I am thinking of velope. his chance. have but he mustgo on, the sidewalk. eyes on Dale."Then sudHe will not take it until he is forced denly he raised his head and grinned.

to.;; like his so son's. smile A did Jl hyllis answer. net

it difference "Does any make it "I might a you'd hand knowed girl floor the Stubbornly the on that?"knowing let give back. a a Wouldn't body insistent tears the brushed from truthfully, in the "but not "Yes,"her thing, you. would you figgering What eyes. abruptly she crumpled Then is thinking. are doing you onway now?"Mark

Mark. To have him different in a heap, crying softly. When at In spite of herself the girl's chin

would be to have someone else for last she raised her head, it was with threatened to quiver.

I tell "I—I don't know,"she faltered, "Ia husband. I am forceful, and he sudden purpose. "What shall

is a follower, but he will never learn him?"she asked. must work at something."

little thing-a- them you "Can make truth."Phyllis not did "The seem leaning."independence by as well as type?"mabobs in least the surprised. thrust She to afraid you be give up "Won't Yes, shorthand? mean I know "You at paper other. the and pen I financesyour work? About it."

I I will telegraph. "No. wantmean?"started with hobme."("Come He to him before leaves Chihe know I little. "I admit a street. bling rapidly Mother "Brig the am down

says we will have just as much if I cago."Williams just told me he needed help

stay home and take care of what he At the Western Union office, with this new government work he's brings in. And no one can have a Nancy wrote: got. He'll give you the job or I'll know

home with a mother working all "Reid, I find our paths refuse to why."

day."merge. They only paralleled for a Afterward, when the position was a

little way. Letter follows."She certainty, Nancy with face aglow was

"But what of the years ahead? frowned, pencil poised, then added, telling Mr. Wood goodbye.

Have you no worry or fear about "I shall look forward to meeting "I have a feeling Ruth will be comingthem?"West."Ruth."

"I "I so,"hope answered. kinda he I certainly no. now, But "Just Leaving there started she for the it all think you'll along. her But wasshall will have. a always be Mark postoffice. There something was over? four of come you Thelaborer. will to problem be keep My else do. she must the sidewalk find On to do."something stillcould—could it. I I undersweet for can; hope she met Mr. Wood. along, her car sped old As Nancy I saidas before, will always Mark "I'll declare,"cried heartily. he tosoft the rutted bumping over road

be Mark.""If here ain't my girl. What air ward home, she felt a song rising from

'Yes,"the girl on the floor whisyou doing gallivanting around?"(Continued on page 695)

JcdluiD youngs 77buv——

CAUTION AGAINST DEBT Among the most noteworthy writings that have appeared in past volumes of The Improvement Era were "Talks to the Young Men,"which first appeared in Volume 2, forty years ago, and were written by President Joseph F. Smith, the Era's first editor. From these "talks"we have selected this one.

"Owe no man anything, but to love one another."—Romans It follows just as surely as that if you sow corruption

13:8. and vice, your harvest will be unrighteousness and

"Be not thou one of them that strike hands, or of them that shame. And pray what need has the average young

22:26. for are debts."—Proverbs to into debt? are go cases must man There where men

. lands our and upon borrowed money have "Wesureties to enterprises, further borrow or beor save money

... our sons into bring and and,.. bondage vineyards lo, we

is disaster, not but that of unexpected cause some are daughters of our to and daughters be servants, some our brought into bondage already: neither is it in our power to necessarily going into debt. But even this class of

redeem them; for other men have our lands and vineyards."—borrowing, borrowing under necessity, should be reNephi 5:4,5. stricted and limited to the smallest possible scope. But

"Debt makes everything a temptation. It lowers a man in going into debt should not be tolerated or thought of

selfrespect, places him at the mercy of his tradesmen and by young men, who are dependent upon their own servants. He can not call himself his own master, and it is achievements, without the most serious consideration

difficult for him to be truthful."Smiles. and investigation. It is a safe rule to treat all debt

"Nothing but actual sin is more paralyzing to a young as you would a poisonous serpent or a dread contagion.

man's energies than debt."- Success. Again, what have you to go into debt for? Vanity,

the gratifying his dressing vanity of as well sake "For by vice, cigars, liquor, cardplaying, entertainment, luxury, his wishing others than as double means; have more by who

betting, dressing, racing, as well as appearing dancing, calls his to or friends upto-date as as he appear what boon companions, many a young man mortgages his future, your neighbor who can afford it? Are these considersells his birthright without even the excuse of Esau, whose ations worthy the pain and humiliation attendant upon

necessity was at least real. His wants are imaginary, and the mortgaging of one's soul and body? I answer no,

their gratification only serves to create an army of unlawful a thousand times. But they are nevertheless usually

desire, which drags him lower and lower into the slough of what young men go into debt for. It is not for necesdebt, until despondency and degradation, manhood, saries, easily for obtained these are even and cheap by

life selfrespect, enthusiasm, hope, make dear,—honor, is socalled least favored. reason one There more in the in night Lincoln Brooks, go out and darkness."—J.all that It is to debt. go into more money make why men Success.

easily. It is to speculate, to gamble; to get rich speedily. last the the Saints if to Latterday to get happiness. get wealth years few were As "Can

their of getgive happiness? experience wealth share Withinhave around with gay and see what had Look

ting into debt. It has been an experience so distress, what splendid misery,"says Young. This

full of valuable lessons that an effort should desire for wealth is one of the reasons why men went be made by those who have learned these lessons to into debt during the late "boom,"and for which most impress them upon others who may not have been so of them have had to answer by a constant companionfortunate, or unfortunate, whichever you please, as to ship of care and fear, because they have not been able have had this experience. The financial conditions to meet their promises—a care that has robbed them of

are greatly improved, and with this improvement there sleep, strength and ambition, and stolen from them the is danger of a repetition of former experiences. It is power to accomplish good either to themselves or their

to caution young men against such experience and its families, or to the Church. Against such debt, too,

repetition that this is written. The second aim I have such slavery and hell, every fibre of one's being should

in writing is to show that debt is not a good thing for protest.

young men to enter into. That it is, on the contrary, Tt is better to live simply, dress plainly, be sparing in

a positive detriment to them, one of the burdens of life every indulgence, even if it is harmless, than to that tend to hold them down. replenish your purse for luxuries, by going into debt.

My advice to young men who are now earning Let this rather be done by lessening your desires, and money is that they save as much as possible while by curtailing your needs. We have come to think that

money is easy, and spend it in the near future when it there is only one way to change the course of events, is liable to be more difficult to obtain. Our recent exif our expenses are greater than the income. But there

perience taught us that it is not good to enter into is another way to make ends meet which does not seem obligations that, at best, mortgage our future for years, to have been seriously or often considered. It is to

even should the good times continue. But if something cut expenses, lessen desires, curtail needs; and without

should occur to tighten the money market, and hard being penurious compel them to come, as far as postimes come again, then the slavery which you have sible, within the line of one's income, small though it be.

entered thoughtlessly into will be extended indefinitely, For, as poor Richard says: "Better go to bed supperperhaps for the remainder of your lifetime. There are less than rise in debt."

a large number of cases where men in the prosperous Some have contended that it is good for a young man times of 1890, created obligations that they cannot to go into debt, since he will then work hard to get out wipe out in a life time. "Get out of debt now,"would again, and by this system accumulate means. I do not

be my counsel to everybody; and if my voice could be agree with this philosophy. I believe it to be false.

heard in all the land, I would still repeat the admonition, Any man that will work hard to get out of debt is not and add to it, "And let your income hereafter always the kind of man that needs debt to spur him on to work.

be greater than your expenses."That is the only safe He is rather of the class who will work anyway, and

way to be independent. How can a young man who to much better advantage without its withering incannot now live within his means ever expect to refluence. On the contrary, with most people, debt has

trieve his position? He who builds airy castles on a depressing and dulling influence, and a tendency to

such expectations will be crushed beneath the ruins of discouragement, and even dishonesty, carrying in its their fall. Youth is the seedtime, and it is your only wake a long train of other evils that sap ambition and

seedtime. You will reap just what you sow. This docdestroy usefulness. Let no one, then, entice you to

trine is just as true in finances as in morals and religion. go into debt on the plea that it is a sure way to save

If you sow debt, will you not reap galling poverty? (Concluded on page 673)

(x)jriJt&i6u(paqsL $&l 'IfoyLny.

EXULTATION REMEMBRANCE

By Lael Woolsey, 18 By Harriet Hitt, 16

Lo,A thesesingle,linesmoonpalehave dreamI pennedYouButonlyI wrotelived a threepoem years,today their Entangled through did; the clever things end About you

... Yet unconfined little say. things you'd The

it well Aye, though might seem laughter your About baby to pass on little tuneless song, your And heart's fragile gleam one MyTraitorous your you'd pucker mouth up The way mind; your far To things wrong. went Whenever

For, when I hence have gone, Your soul will subtly bend VACILLATING I wrote about your sandy curls, morningglory eyes, Your to thought suit your own My cutting teeth, By Leo Lott, 19 The of your baby unbind. dream My

size. rolypoly Your

11 ]fv thoughts are as the sandy dunes

That shift with every restless breeze. A friend of mine said after,

sell, "Your would poem I know,"thoughts are as the racing waves My it in the fireplace But I burned Foamcrested seas. dashing on the

it so. hurt Because me

A REAL BARGAIN

By Rose Jean Rasey, 15

T FOUND the nicest thing to wear today!

It makes me look so colorful and gay.

And best of all, it's never out of style.

Because, you see, I found myself a smile.

THE SUNRISE AND SUNSET

By Nadine Johnson, 15 MIDNIGHT REVERIE

18 Larene Rowley, By all is still, fresh, peaceful, a andWhen light gleaming lavthe appears over... this night Serene ender colored the mountains from rays made

of quiet the the In moonlight. hush of the light the sun. denotes This beginis tc the sonnets whispering wind The of ning day. a new

.. trees rise the over sun you watch Whenever 'eyes from And.my find the athorizon, a Eastern calm you

lifted. is sleep of gently heaviness The air fresh smells mosphere. so and The

the flowers fence painted and dewwet Over clean.

is night pouring sprays Oi shimmering The brighter, gives light a whiter sun The starlight; as fffL% if it for travelday's is ready hard a work,

is heart laden heavy My ing the across heavens. downy

I will linger this.. hour.. and watch it the After other reaches of the end

it silently sets in the west,sky, making the MY BOY orange, vivid yellow,sky a and gold. Very

slowly it disappears in the horizon, leaving Marjocie Wakefield Huffman, 19 a very colorful sky reflecting on the deep A TRIBUTE TO A FRIEND blue lake. HPhe neighbors say that the boy next door

Now that it has set, the world seems tired Is so much like this boy of mine, By Irene Johnson, 16 theand peaceful worn same out. Soon

his curl the hair has That same unruly feeling surrounds us in as evening I were, sometime, to be IF his shine; with mischief eyes in the Andmorning. as lovely, charming, As

A silent enchanting air fills every man's But I can't seem to see—for a blind Mother As talented, and loved by all,

heart, saying: love, Yet ever heeding someone's call,

calm wrong, As go when things is fine, the neighbor's boy is done, gone the sun, from the lake, Though"Day ready, with Always song, gay some next neighbor's door is For the boy boy my the sky, from Yes, fondest dreams theh. true would be my

"All is well, safely rest, God is nigh."And this little boy is mine. If I were some day, just like "you."

IweLun

THE ONE HUNDREDNINTH workers and was one of the subjects of tegrity and for devotion to Gospel prinSEMI-ANNUAL CONFERENCE the general Priesthood gathering in the ciples, were inspired, forceful, and

CONVENED Tabernacle. gratefully received by the representaAn unusual number of welltrained tives of a worldwide people.

report of a convincing"Curnishing singing Woodruff groups—the of the in all parts Church activities Stake DR. LYMAN SPEAKS ON Choir, the a 150voice Singing Mothers,

world, and defining with renewed emAaronic Priesthood Chorus from BonNATIONWIDE NETWORK the position the Latterday ofphasis neville Stake, a choir from Moroni and 9, 1938, morning, October Sunday C\& to of inSaints respect with problems favorable as did the comment, the of part the proceedings of as—gained local, import,ternational, personal and widelypraised version dramatized Semiannual session the of 109th of 5th

the Semiannual 109th Conference of the Elijah. conference was thus The of Dr. Conference, Richard R. Lyman

7, 8,the held Church, and October stirring rencharacterized messages by of the the Council Twelve was the anas in record9th Salt Lake, went on in song dered speech. as well as in

other faithpromoting experience in the Of special interest is the fact that, lives of the thousands from far and near with several of their number having rewho participated in its manifold procently returned from tours of the Eugram. ropean and the Pacific Island missions,

The customarily crowded schedule of every member of the Council of the

Relief sessions, in attendance. SoTwelve was

presidents'confercietyevents—generalmeets, mission appointment of Richard L. The

ences,erings—hadreunions,to makeforeignlanguageroom for gathearly CouncilEvans tooffillthetheSeventyvacancyoccasionedin the Firstby

morning meetings in the interest of the death of J. Golden Kimball was anChurch Welfare. The program, now nounced at the opening session. The

twoand-a-half years old, received parmessages from the General Authorities, ticular attention from regional and stake appealing for spiritual and material inDR. RICHARD R. LYMAN

speaker of a nationwide radio network of the Columbia Broadcasting System on "The Church of the Air."Dr. Lyman's address discussed the "Contributions of the Mormon Missionary System to the Peace and Welfare of Mankind."The address was appreciatively

received by the Conference congregation that filled the Tabernacle to overflowing during its presentation, and many requests for copies of it have come from throughout the nation, to the offices of the Radio, Publicity, and

Mission Literature Committee of the

Council of the Twelve.

SALT LAKE TABERNACLE CHOIR IN ITS NEW ATTIRE NEW COSTUMES FOR

TABERNACLE CHOIR 'T'he Tabernacle Choir appeared in new costumes in September, with uniform white dresses for the women and black doublebreasted coats and black ties for the men. This nationwide radio feature, which draws tens

of thousands of tourists to Temple

Square annually, now presents to the visitor an appearance that conforms to the highly favorable impression that has gone out on the air for more than nine years.

TABERNACLE CHOIR-M. I. A.

PRESENT "ELIJAHTV new high in the notable history of dramaticmusical presentations in the inland west was reached on the evenings of October 5, 6, and 7 with the presentation of Mendelssohn's

A SCENE FROM THE TABERNACLE CHOIR-M. I. A. PRODUCTION OF THE "ELIJAH""Elijah"by the Tabernacle Choir and

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1938

Stake, and of Granger Ward, Oquirrh

Stake. Delbert Heber Giles was sustained as president.

Sunday, Sept 25, 1938.

William A. Dawson was sustained as

bishop of the East Layton Ward, North

Davis Stake.

Richard L Evans (Concluded from page 657) continue as an assignment in his new

Priesthood calling.

Miss Alice Ruth Thornley, of Kaysville, Utah, became Brother

Evans'wife 9, 1932. In on August

TEACHERS, L. D. S. SEMINARY AND INSTITUTE ASPEN GROVE, ALPINE SUMMER SCHOOL AND this choice blessed, for she he was CONVENTION, 193S. AUGUST,

supports her husband in his manifold the M. I. A. with choruses of 325, orpolitan Life Insurance Co., whose staff, and consuming public duties. Wives

chestra of 50 pieces, and moving groups after analyzing the age distribution, reported of public servants are called upon to interesting extremely result entirely "an inof nearly dancers numbering and actors sacrifices. make many have They

I, of the favor group. course, of Mormon hundred. Directedtwo by J. Spencer children, L. Richard two Evans, Jr., not the differences are due know what stagedCornwall, arranged and by old, It W. doto. years of a matter Thorney individual 3]/2 and John be hymay

O. Robinson, this production played giene, but there are probably other factors."Evans, 7 months old.

to an audience that enthusiastically increased with each performance, until, Sunday, Sept 4, 1938 The life of Richard L. Evans is an

on the last evening, many were turned The University Ward, Ensign Stake, example to the youth of Zion. Inaway. Those who were responsible Salt Lake City, held dedicatory serdustry, integrity, honesty, devotion

for the success of this feature include: vices for its new organ. to truth, willingness to sacrifice

J. Spencer Cornwall, Conductor; Frank Sunday, Sept. 11, 1938.'these and other virtues mark men of

) ( at the Asper, Organist organW. distinction. It is from among Albert Smith Elder George spoke at real Assistant Organist; Stephens, N.Wade that the such ever must Church men in Nebraska. Omaha, Day""Mormon Freber,Arthur Concertmeister; Lester its leaders. draw 15, 1938. Sept. Thursday,F. Hewlett, President; Choir J. W.

Thomas, Business Manager; arranged in William R. Anderson celebrated the Brother Evans comes to the First

dramatic form and staged by W. O. 96th anniversary of his birth. He is Council of Seventy with an intelliRobinson. Soloists included: Elijah, the oldest man in Beaver, Utah. gent vision of the future of the

Rollin Pease; Obadiah, Richard P. ConSunday, Sept 18, 1938. Church of Christ, and with the hope

die; Ahab, Ralph Whitney; A Widow, President Heber J. Grant dedicated and faith and vigor of youth. May

Zola McGhie; Her Child, Lynn Mcthe Boise Third Ward Chapel, Boise the Lord bless him in his ministry

Ghie; Jezebel, Myrtle Checketts; A Stake, Idaho. for and among the Latterday Saints.

loneProphetess, Messengers Duncan; Branch, Stake, Pioneer Pioneer The life of of the account (Note: Richard An theof Lord, FlorEvans Smith, Salt City, out Lake was organized fuller of L. in detail in be found Evans may Erickson;ence Angel, Herald Ruth JesseA parts of the Pioneer of Cannon February, Ward, 1936.) Improvement The Era

Jensen Clawson; High Priestess of Eire

Ceremonial, Elsa Jordan; A Voice from

Heaven, James Haslam; Reader, Heber

Q. Hale; Israelites, Followers of Baal,

Soldiers, Slaves: M. I. A. Representatives of Salt Lake, Ensign, Bonneville, Liberty, Hyland, Wells, Grant,

Granite, and Pioneer Stakes, and McCune School of Music and Art; Ballet,

Elsa Jordan; Stage Manager, Joseph H.

Williams.

FAVORABLE COMMENT ON MORMON HEALTH STATISTICS FROM NATIONAL PERIODICAL MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD FROM THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY HOME

ARRIVED OCTOBER 3, 193S—DEPARTED OCTOBER 13, 1938

Tn the November issue of the Fact

Digest, an article "Health of MorBrinton,LeftIdonato right,Chatterton,first row:Mae FredHyde,A. MildaBingham,Swendiman,Melba Thompson,Woodward HelenEvans.L. Leloudis, Leona Farnsworth, Eugenia

mons"is condensed from the magazine, Second row: Reeves A. Brady, Glen Dean Webb, Ruth Viola Terry, Elsie Sharp, Rose W. Muggleston, Alice

Vitality Records. In it, the statistics Olsen, Gwen Kimball, Clara Fern Goodman, George W. Poulsen, Pres. Don B. Colton.

comparing Latterday Saints with other VirginiaThirdChatelain,Row: JesseEdna D.Brimhall,Terry, RobertGeorge JamesMax Larsen,Conrad, WarrenMrs. SadieLynn Lewis,Cromer.Ruth Romer, Brma Helen Rosenhan,

nations is commented on favorably and Fourth row: Theron J. Pickett, Ivan Stable, Glen B. Greenwood, R. G. Gardner, Robert L. Cummings,.

then the article reads in part: William Grange, Jack Alex McDonald, J. Carl Blake, Howard Clinton Tate, Barton Reid Bowden.

The great superiority of the Mormon MyronFifthR. Brown,row: J.LevonMax J.Griffiths,Elison, JosephAustin J.DaleErickson,Parkinson,JohnRobertGlade BruceOlsen, Douglas.Paulus B. Svedin, Thomas Robert Paul,

mortality of to the founder Vitality seemed Sixth J. row: Williams, Vaun Curtis Gordon Kimball, P. Stanley Cardon, Gerritt Jr., Timmerman,

J. Young, L. Robert McCall, F. Skeen, Evan Sitterud, LaVar Marvin Boyse first Judd, Glen T. Nelson. so that at remarkableRecords he Delmar

Seventh row: Lloyd A. Hamilton, Bryon Gleyre Wheeler, Coulam Frederickson, Coulam Squiresuspected they Wells Cannon, might be explained away

Erick Erickson, Jr., A. Miller, Warren Vincent Haslam, Keith Brimhall, Clarence Buehner. in differences distribution, that perEdwin ageby

Eighth row: Johnson, Oarold Jean Wilson Kowallis, Levi Paul McDomnigh, Jared Hunt, Parker, Ross the figureshaps included fewer Mormon Lewis, Walter M. Derle Breinholt, Charles DonJ. Stewart Brown, Thorvald Johnson, Mark John Henry Meyers.

infants. therefore the turned data over He row: Ninth H. Winford Johnson, George A. Fred Austin Wimmer, Schwendiman, Claude Calvin Grant, S. W.to statistician Dublin, of Louis the MetroMerrill, Henry Jensen, Foster Lee Brimhall.

fcdiJtfiicdL act of life, and then if they get the Spirit of God (tA. flte&judswt 5/ianL n&WiA. 82 they will feel happy and content in what they do. Do not do something that you cannot ask God

Dresident Heber J. Grant approaches the eightyto help you to do. Grow in the light and knowlsecond anniversary of his birth ( November 22 edge of the Gospel, and as a servant of God I

in full vigor of body and mind. For this all Latterpromise you peace and joy and happiness, in the

day Saints, the world over, are grateful. name of our Redeemer. Amen."

The life of President Grant is as an open book, an example that all Israel would do well to follow.

Devoted to God, of unquestioned integrity, fearless for the right, tender of heart, generous to friend and foe, unwavering in his testimony of the "Dlessed is work, properly directed, unceasing truth of the restored Gospel, he stands before the work, throughout life! It preserves physical

Church and the world a fit successor of the great health and prolongs life. It adds to our material

men who before him have presided over the Church. and spiritual possessions. Unwise is the person

He is our inspired leader, chosen of the Lord to who flees from labor. The fruits of idleness are

direct the Church of Christ on earth. sorrow and sin. The doctrine that men and women

The Era, with its host of readers, extends hearty must be usefully employed while life lasts, if health congratulations upon the attainment of this milepermits, is fundamental in the philosophy of the stone in the long and noble life of its senior Editor. Gospel. It is the first law of prosperity.

fruits It is of that the equal importance of our A. W. May his life be long continued.—J. toil, daily labor, derived the possessions from our

should Be used wisely, with judgment. Nothing

JJvl (pteAid&jnL jcLoaga. QonsMnoL must be wasted. The wealth of man, in mind and

body, of earth and sea, are gifts of God. Man is wiilfL cl blsL&Mnfy. to hmui&L msun the steward of them. If he serves his Master well

SWStfltywfalhSL he conserves them, watches over them, and applies them only to useful purposes. This is the second

uring the closing moments of the final session law of prosperity.

of the 109th SemiAnnual Conference, in the The waste of the world is a major cause of man's

Tabernacle, Salt Lake City, October 9, 1938, Prespoverty and suffering. The Sunday motion picident Grant took his place before the audience in ture, disobedience to the law of tithing, failure to

the Tabernacle, and before the microphone through attend meetings, are wastes that lead to spiritual which his words were transmitted by radio, poverty. Riotous living, indulgence in alcoholic

and, in the space of two minutes, blessed the honest beverages and habitforming drugs are wastes of in heart everywhere with such depth of expresphysical powers. Unwillingness to make full use

sion and power of spirit, that all who heard were of our possessions, by buying a new model automoved to gratitude and filled with abiding peace. mobile, new furniture, new clothes, while the old

It was good to be there, and for those who were ones are yet serviceable, is an economic waste poverty. nations with abject threatening and men not, his here: words we reproduce

all is of of food. worst the waste Almost the gratitude I express for the singing "Again my

that we have had, for the wonderful "Elijah"They who waste their substance are not honest oratorio, for the fine addresses that we have heard, with their God.

for the marvelous attendance at this Conference, The waste of soil, man's fundamental resource, and for the blessings of the Lord that have been is a frightful scar upon our civilization. Every

with us. nation stands aghast before soil erosion, diminution

"I rejoice beyond all else in the growth of faith of soil fertility, and like soil evils. Utah, as an

among the Latterday Saints, and with all the example, with her soils of incomparable fertility, power and authority that God has bestowed upon settled by most intelligent people, has been so the productive that today power farmed I live that has wastefully that as I know I know He me—and onefourth. of the pioneer decreased has farms By that has heard boyhood, from and directed me He

answered my prayers, that I have had revelations, wise cultivation, the opposite would have been the so to speak, from the Lord, and have endeavored case. Greed, ugly greed, is too often the bosom

friend of waste. to carry them out—I pray God to bless every

honesthearted soul at home or abroad. I pray that The same may be said of the earth's water rewhat has been said here may sink deep into the sources. Most of the Latterday Saints live in

hearts of the people, that we will judge not that we irrigated regions. Using Utah again as an example,

be not judged, and that we will not condemn peoso wastefully is irrigation water used there, that ple in any of the countries today that are doing the irrigated area might be doubled by the intellithings that we think they ought not to do, because gent use, based upon wellknown facts, of the many of them are doing what they are doing bewater now available. Greed again, this time for

cause they dare not do otherwise, and are just as water!

much opposed to it as we are. Sometimes ignorance leads to waste, but more

"May the spirit of peace and brotherly love grow often it is vanity. Fashions and fear of public

among the Latterday Saints. opinion also drive us to waste. An honest patch on

"Again, may I plead with the people to get down a schoolboy's trousers becomes a badge of social on their knees and ask God to direct them in every disgrace. And to wear last year's hat marks a

woman for social ostracism. How long will emanWe can build for peace in our homes by excipated womanhood, having the economic, social, pressing appreciation frequently for the very exand political rights of man, permit distant groups, ceptional contributions which each nation has made

acting under selfish impulses, to dictate fashions to the heritage of the world. From Germany,

to her economic distress? France, and Italy has come music which has en-

A business philosophy that urges people to waste riched the lives of all of us; from Greece and Rome

so that "business may be increased,"is fundahas come a heritage of art, democracy, and litermentally false. The possessions of man come from ature; from each country there is some priceless

the application of man's energies to the resources gift to enhance the pleasure or satisfaction of living. fault Instead but finding of doing nothing are possessions these work. Whenof earth—by certain with in countries conditions which exist poverty wasted, used, prosperitywisely rules; when

continues to prevail. other than our own, we could comment on their

full not gains is our use of secure To hoarding. webenefits;could formentioninstance,thatwhenthis songwe singwas"HolycomposedNight"in intelligent is waster. in reality a The miserThe

man, who understands his stewardship, uses all Germany; when we look at the exquisite Thorhis powers and possessions, but sees to it that he valdsen's "Christus,"we could mention that the

has full use of all that the Lord has given him. He sculptor was a native of Denmark. In this way,

abhors waste. we can build a thorough respect in the minds of the

for the that holds. nation each good Waste is a A. W. children sin.—/. also, In church school and could do much to we

instil a genuine respect for those outstanding qualities that all men should possess. In this way, by

educating in all countries for those lasting qualities 'T'his November we cannot help recalling with of goodness, we could be certain of progression, vividness another November just twenty years regardless of which country we may call our own.

ago, when the world went wild with joy because November should then be a month of dedication a world war had ceased: a world war which had because it recalls the heritage that has come to us

cost more than any one person could realize in from past Novembers with their memories of peace, money, in life, and in morale; a world war that had plenty, and the right to enjoy life; it should also

left civilization cold with apprehension; that had be a month of dedication because it impels us to

been fought to eliminate the possibility of any future build on that heritage for succeeding Novembers war. to insure an even greater ability to enjoy all the

life, for for things of good both posour us and holothis year, another of September Yet terity. dedicating ourselves to the continuity By so probably that endcaust would war threatened—ain blessings of shall further best the plans of our weall the destruction of the since wars, it would mean

peoples who could fight wars. This November, the Elder Brother who looks eagerly forward to the day

world stands at the biers of its Unknown Soldiers, when swords shall be beaten into plowshares and in each land where they may lie, and offers thanks spears into pruning hooks. M. C. /.

that another general war has been averted. Many

feel that the price paid for this peace was too great, indication gesture surely,but, the is a hopeful that CAUTION AGAINST DEBT to nations rather unreasonreason than can come in dealing with important issues; that nations like [Concluded from page 668)

individuals can look to the solution of the most vexing problems by a careful study of the situamoney. Nor let your own arguments run in that directions that arise and the peoples who are involved. tion, for you will surely be deceived. The advice of

Benjamin Franklin should ever stand clearly before

As Armistice Day and Thanksgiving approach, you: "Pay as you go."

the world would do well to recall with gratitude "Few young men would willingly go into debt, if they this important step that has been made; this sigcould lift the veil of the future, if they could see every

nificant accomplishment. But gratitude must be step of the thorny way to which it leads. If they could

more than a mere thankfulness for past favors; it see the moral degradation, the course of lying, prevarimust be a positive resolution to live to merit those cation, dishonest subterfuge to avoid meeting promised

... first dollar the the of borrowing which this defipayments,blessings. In the of peace, a means way

if often involves; too they see the grinning couldnite for for peaceful plan making and means ways the robs harassed which of phantom debtor peace by

it all cultisolution problems; of the vexing means night, sleep that his forever side stands and by dav by

vation of the tolerant attitude which will permit mocking at his impotence to shake off the chains by those in one nation to view happenings in another which he has bound himself, hand and foot, they would impersonally and without bias. This means that shrink back appalled from the sight; they would suffer

we tend to recall that people the world over are any privation, endure any hardship, rather than become brothers and sisters in very deed; that when we the slaves of the grim jailer, debt."

come to know people, whether they live in China Young men, learn a lesson from the recent past:

or South Africa, Tahiti or Sweden, Mexico or Gerget out of debt now, if you are in debt; and hereafter,

many, we learn to respect them and to love them. let your income always exceed your expenses. Never

to into enter course debt save depresses a such money: all that not agree completely with they mayWe exhilarates. rather than owning Be free, your by own in believe, are absolutedo or any more than we time; anything, but to love and no one "owe manharmony with every idea which our closest friends other"if you would prosper and be happy. anmay have.—Joseph F. Smith.

THE ADVERTISERS

and Where You Will F ind AREdaysyouwithcrammingthe beautiesthese andgloriousfun willsomebeshutinidle, shefor agetsspinsomeoneup the canyon.to take Their Messages

of each season so that you may At other times, she buys food and takes Beneficial Life Ins. Co Back Cover

carry ahead some of the joyBriqham Young University..700

someness from the young days of your Chicago, Burlington & Quincy children? Are you planning those little Railroad..691

Saturday afternoon hikes that bring Corn Products..645

Grande Western Rio 6 eye,light glow to the body, and Denver to the..646 R.R heart? to thewarmth..678 Deseret Company Book

The boy who sits on your knee now, Deseret News Press..702

content to look at the picture book Eastman Kodak Co..647

..696 First Security Corp eager him, what to do showwhich you

..675 Mills -- Globe into will lengthen soon him,you tell..641 a Hotel Lankershim

young man who will be embarrassed to Hotel Utah..674

show too much affection for you but KSL Radio Station will be pleased to recall the fun you Inside Back Cover had together. Give him many happy L. D. S. Business College..697

times to remember. Landes Tractor Co..647

That daughter, who has nothing more Mountain Fuel Supply Co...-..644

serious than freckles to worry about New Grand Hotel -......703

..641 Growers.. Turkey vital to Northwestern problems will bring hertoday, 700 691 and

into stretches young sheyou when

Culture..700 of Beauty School Ogden if right become you nowwomanhood,

..695 Iron Pipe Pacific Cast Co to unbendsthe of mother kind who

..647 Pembroke Co. in as the canyon fun inhave as much of America.. Readers Progressive

the parlor. 641 anc 691

The mother who can drop even such Used by Courtesy of the McCall Corporation. Provo School of Beauty Culture..691

important things as housecleaning for the ones who need bolstering for a ride, Quish School of Beauty Culture..703

an unexpected romp with her children while they eat; at another, she carries a Royal Baking Co -..693

will be rewarded when they come in bouquet of flowers to lift the soul of a Shell Oil Co Inside Front Cover later life and tell her that the spirit of sorrowing person. SchossRead Electric Co..675

in..703 helped hasfun them engendered she Stokermatic Co set has goal, as least She her at one

..675 If life. Guild, Students the of spots The rough overthem Christian act a she week; checks and..641 Sugarhouse Lumber Co little tales of listen to theshe can woe herself in her time she each that book

..648 Pacific Railroad forget Union children laugh the andand make does something that she otherwise..647 Engraving Utah Co will them, she think or solve andthem not would done. have she Because has..703 Insurance Fire Utah Home will care biggerfind the take that woes it of matter a concrete made Chris-..694 Supply School Idaho Utah the will themselves,of she have and tianity, she..699 has brought to joy Oil much Utah Co

will children be that herassurance..641 herself Producers Poultry has and for Utah herself proved and

tell everything.eager to Mother..701 Light Co. Power Utah & others that is Christianity really a way

..698 State National Bank Utah rare Fortunately, have today life. of women lie has She the to proved the

opportunities for companionship with statement that it is impossible to live Walker Bank & Trust Co 643 their children that their grandmothers by what we preach. M. C. J.

did not have. But, unfortunately, many

of these women are not taking them.

Because there has come an emancipation from the drudgery of housework, some women have forgotten their responsibilities as mothers.

A woman who really occupies enough activity for three once made the statement that too few of us are really what we profess to be—Christians; that

many of us talk about the good that needs to be done, even the good that we can do, but too few have evolved effective of doing the good.an way

system is to check on herselfHer that Aftersand dollarsan expenditurefor modernizationof over threeand improvements,hundred thoushe may know of a surety whether she the Utah takes it rightful place as one of the is actually practising the better life. world's most beautiful hotels.

Whenever she hears of someone who 500 LUXURIOUS ROOMS—4 NOTED DINING ROOMS

needs help in any way or whenever she Moderate Prices In All Departments thinks of someone who is less fortunate than she, she immediately writes the name down in a special little book that she carries with her always. Sometimes she writes a letter to someone HOTELGUY TOOMBES, ManagingUTAHDirector

who is undergoing a particularly trying experience; sometimes she goes in her

car and takes a family for a ride; when

she must attend a meeting and her car.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1938

dbtfULL. dO)W—THE CAKE

Thanksgiving turkey was goodthis year, but -warmedover turkey SHE BAKED is always something to be viewed with some degree of concern. So

f o r that dayafter-Thanksgiving.something special, why not try Saturday.

HORNS OF PLENTY!

iy2 c. Globe "Al"Pancake and

Waffle Flour 2 eggs 2 tbsp. Globe "Al"oil

1 c. milk 1/2 c. water

Beat eggs slightly; add oil and

liquids, mixing well. Gradually

add pancake flour. Beat batter

smooth and bake cakes on a hot griddle, making them six inches in diameter. As soon as baked, roll

in cornucopias, fastening the small end with a toothpick. Fill with

creamed turkey. Serve with cheese

sauce. Of course at times other

than Thanksgiving, you may fill these cornucopias with creamed ham, chicken, or tuna. Doesn't the

recipe sound good? And that's

nothing to the tastel

Have you been planning what to do about your holiday candy? Why

not let Karo Corn Syrup solve the problem for you? Karo Fudge, Divinity Fudge, Penuchi, Fondant

from which you can make both peppermint and wintergreen wafers,

Glace Nuts, Nougat, Candied Lemon or Orange Peel—the list is endless of the good sweets you can

make if you will only keep Karo in stock....was still FRESH and MOIST

Let me do your IRONING just One Week! Signed—Fred Schoss. WEDNESDAY!

fronnfe Takes you off your feet "Will it do?"she thought as she considered serving Saturday's cake

ask for free demonstrato Wednesday's unexpected callers. But as she cut the luscious slices

tion she was glad that she had used Globe "Al"Special Cake Flour for her

SCHOSSREAQ ELECTRIC CO. cake was still fresh, moist and tender.

OGDEN TREMONTON You see, Globe "Al"Special Cake Flour is a modern flour... it's new

... it represents the new advances and discoveries in the milling

industry. That's why it not only makes cakes that are light, tender,

finetextured, but it has the extra advantage of not drying out quickly.

Your cakes stay deliriously fresh and moist much longer when madeMOTBETTER SCHOOL MARKS with Globe "Al"Special Cake Flour. Try it.

FOR YOUR CHILD See how much better your cakes turn out when

Your child must learn HOW to you use a truly modern flour.

study before he can get good grades and ENJOY school work. The Gunthorp Study Charts are simple

enough for a child of 14 to grasp.

Following the simple instructions will mean better grades and a hapGLOBE "Al'py student. Compiled from 30 years'

practical experience by H. Gunthorp,

D., L. Ph. and Gunthorp, Special

is cost low. very For informationJ. D. The

write: Dept. R3—

THE STUDENTS GUILD CAKE FLOUR Box 511, San Diego, Calif.

baptized June 1, 1830, ordained an

Elder, and appointed to preside over the Amherst branch of about oneTHE STORY OF OUR hundred Saints. He met the Prophet

in 1831. In 1832 he was called on

Kirtland, built a saw mill amovedmissionto to New York; in 1833 he

and furnished lumber to finish the HYMNS temple; in 1835 he missionaried

through Ohio and the South. He

in preached around all the towns By GEORGE D. PYPER receivbaptized many, Kirtland and

General Superintendent of the Deseret ing a blessing from the First PresiFirst Assistand Sunday School Union dency for his labors in missions and o/ the Church ant Chairman Music

Committee his help in building the House of the

Lord.

He was present at the calling and ordination of the first Twelve; atxxxiv. HiqpL on. iJksL tended the dedication of the Kirtland

Temple, and was a witness of the life 71/hunhmL JofL manifestations mentioned in the of Joseph Smith. He helped to orWords by ganize Kirtland Camp and traveled

as far as Springfield, Illinois, where

JOEL H. JOHNSON he organized a branch of forty members; then he was called to Carthage,

Music by Illinois, and was the first Elder who preached there; he finally organized EBENEZER BEESLEY

a branch. Sidney Rigdon and BishJOEL HILLS JOHNSON op Partridge called on him on their

way from Missouri to Commerce HIGH ON THE MOUNTAIN [Nauvoo] to seek a location for the

TOP Saints. In 1840 he moved to CrookBy Joel H. Johnson ed Creek and was seven miles from

The Author Carthage when the Prophet and

Joel Hills Johnson HighA banneron the mountainis unfurled;top Patriarch were martyred.

Ye nations, now look up; He received his endowments at

the Historian's office, Salt Lake It waves to all the world; Nauvoo, May, 1846; was driven out

filedIn City, is journal the of the OnIn Deseret'sZion's mountsweet,beholdpeacefulit standiland byseverala mobthousandof one dollars'hundred,worthleavingof the Mountain writer of "High On

Top,"a favored hymn of President For God remembers still property to the vandals. He moved

old, promise His of left to made Quarters, there and Winter like journal reads Taylor. TheJohn

hill on Zion's He in 5th; arrived Salt Valley Lake July recital It is a drama. romantica of ThatTruth's standard unfold! would settled 11, at 1848, the and October hallelujahs; tribulations of a man light and attract should there Her the gaze

tried in the furnace of affliction; of Of all the world in latter days. mouth of Mill Creek Canyon, where

he a of hadthe endurance one who shall His house there be reared, the divinity of the Reof thetestimony waspeace—notmade bishopfor long,and justicehowever,of glory to display; His

stored Gospel of Jesus Christ. And people shall be heard for he was called to go south with

Joel Hills Johnson, the son of EzeIn distant lands to say, George A. Smith, and his movements

the serve Lord, in in and go up his now recorded Southern Utah arekiel born We'll Johnson, was and Julia Hills his learn His truth, word. and Obey filled detail. in faithful journal He Massachusetts,at Grafton, March

23, 1802. When he was a small child, For there we shall be taught many offices of trust including memhis parents emigrated to Vermont, The law that will go forth, bership in the Territorial Legislature

truth With and wisdom fraught, of 1849 and 1850.and from there Joel went with his

all the earth; govern To

uncle to Cincinnati, then a very small Forever there His ways we'll tread, Joel H. Johnson had a natural gift

village. From there his father took And save ourselves with all our dead. of poetry, and had education been

to York, he wherehim Pomfret, his New him, possible for would no name hail to Deseret! Then 21 until of age.lived years he was the of foremost doubt be among for the good, A refuge

little for opportunity educajournal containsHe had poets. His for safety great, Zion's the And

tion, but was very religious, dutiful If they but understood 736 hymns and songs. A pamphlet

with the plagues That will shake God studied parents, the scriphisto and entitled the "Voices From Mounworld firelight. lessonstures and by On tains,''containing both prose and its 'Til all shall thrones be down

November 22, 1826, he married hurled. poetry by Brother Johnson, was pubAnna P. Johnson, and soon after inlished in 1881; and a book of poems

truth doth In Deseret cutter shingle avented which was entitled containing 344 pages royal Rear head; up its States. theused in United selected from "Hymns of Praise,"nations oppose, Though may

In 1830, he moved into Ohio where Still wider it shall spread; the Songs of "Joel,"appeared in

he met Elders of the Church of Jesus Yes, truth and justice, love and grace, 1882. On the manuscript copy apChrist of Latterday Saints, read In Deseret find ample place. pear these penciled words:

the Book of Mormon, believed, was {Concluded on page 690)

THANKS PRAYER OF THE UNEMPLOYED OLD SEWING MACHINE

By Christie Lund By Bessie B. Decker By Cristel Hastings

yesterday, the attic in living, you of found privilege Lord, I do not ask rewards of for the thanksThanks, Dear wheels, and tent your about cobweb of wealth, the peace of growth, glory For the WEA forgiving, For all my earthly wants and needs are rust

For the sight of the hills when the dusk is few: Along a slender needle that once held

grey, A place to sleep, enough to eat for health, A snowy thread before it fell in dust.

For the crimson of dawn and the gold of And simple dress, with work for me to day, do. Forlorn, you stood beneath the silent eaves,

For the friendship that reaches a kindly Forgotten with the things that attics holdhand, They give me alms, and call it charity, Old chairs and horsehair sofas and a trunk

For love with its power to understand, While I am robbed of selfrespect and Whose rounded top was stained and gray

For the long, white road we can walk alone, spurned. and old.

For companionship and the love of home, The men who learn to see with clarity

For the trees that quiver against the sky, Disdain to take the bread that comes unOnce you were new, and welloiled were

For birds, that go winging and singing by, earned. your wheels;

For hearts of faith through the midnight Your shuttle flew, your needle flashed a dark, If I have talents, let me use them well seam

For the reassurance of morning's lark, And give of all I have, unselfishly, Along a trailing mass of sheer white silk

For the countless things that cause tears to So hastening the day when men shall dwell A wedding gown that was part of a dream!

start. As brothers here on earth in unity.

But most, Lord, thanks for a thankful heart. Then children's clothes—small dresses,

But do not let me stoop to take the dole rompers, all

Which brings the direst poverty of soul. Took their brave toll from you as the years

THESE I ASK Newflew,curtains—tablecloths and pillow slips

By Queena Davison Miller THE LITTLE HOUSE Owedyou.their existence through the years to

These, Lord, are the grants I ask: By Avvilla Adele Gilpin

For my two hands, some needful task; Long you have stood under the roof alone,

a home, hosts the with Forgotten dust and cobweb want that not heart borrow mayA cheerful I well cot should I wonder, a whitethatched if you oil you if we of tomorrow; grayness dark someThe

A smile, an understanding word where roses bloom Will help us rid the attic of its ghosts?

As gracious as a summer bird; and forgetme-not

And that no day may seem too long, pathLord, give my tongue a little song. A winding

to find the door, AUTUMN some scattered rugs By Mary C. Shaw

HEIRLOOMS and a roughhewn floorBurning bush by

By Marge Stewart Withtheblindscurtain'sthrownfrillwide, OrangeLatticeberries,fence,

far across the sill linnets Mockers, known,A GRANDMOTHER, whom I wish I had to softly sway Thicket dense!

flit, Chirp and rubbed these candlesticks, until theyOnce shone Where stars look through, Whitecrowned sparrows

Golden, within a lowceiled, roughfloored a moonbeam falls, Sing a bit.

room. and night wind sends

Did she look upward from her busy loom its insistent calls Red hot pokers

I think see there? content, she was themAnd Tall bold, and

of logs, glow The lent. they the loveliness brightLoving jasmine Weeping

chair, easy an candles, carethe dipped themShe made gold; with Touched

the reddened flame fully; in Fleecy clouds

hairon your burnishedLit for at to see. eyes them dusk homeward sky, Azure

lights come flying whenOur ends book our finger Where flicks: meet, FlyingShort, brightby. days are

that's a song heard state occasions, are her candlesticks.For

Does she, a gentle ghost, on such a night God's outof-doors

Smile on her children in the candlelight? and a nesting bird

REPRIEVE A place of peace, a place to stay By Katharine Welles Wheeler sunlight where streams SUNSET children and play THEIs nighta woman Claffey By Pauline the tired hearts Folding rest to A place

Suspended in a lake of gold close to her heart Of her children dreams where come true;

Brief magic islands rest, kind words, a smile Till dawn.

the betweenMidway earth and sky and—always you! Against west. a gleaming

Along their low, smooth, sandy shores ROADS

The golden waters flow By Kathrya Kendall

And picture in their glistening waves

The cloud trees bending low. The untried roads are for the feet of

youth, Around these misty, violet isles The used ones for the steps of slow degrees;

Soft summer breezes run New paths uncover newer thoughts and

Then night sinks softly o'er the earth ways,

The artist's work is done. While older roads unravel memories.

Our Country, Our People, on "Growing Up Emotionally,"and The Chinese People and Theirs the one on "Discipline and the Adoles- (George H. Danton, Marshall Jones

1938. Boston, exceptional. 305 are Company, Macmillan Tracy, Company, cent"(M. E. Explorers, All leaders of Scouts, $3.50.) Beepages. 120 York. pages. $1.75.)New Girls, Girls should Junior and Hive for was a this book HPhe nucleus

in conits presentation of theT Tnique series of lectures delivered in Ger-*** trast the between democracy on of Leipzig, at the from University read and reread this helpful—M. volume.C. /. manA

one hand as presented through the the author's firsthand knowledge of

United States and dictatorship as repSailor on Horseback, A Biography the Chinese, gained from more than ten resented by Italy, Germany, and of Jack London years'association with teachers, stuRussia, this book fills a need on current (Irving Stone, Houghton Mifflin dents, and officials from all over China, statistics. The fourcolumn presentaCo., Illustrated, 1938. 332 pages. and with peasants and laborers in the

tion, the dramatic picturization of the $3.00.) North China area. The author's pursituationscomparative make Our is to try the romanticism to replace pose is synonymous name London's Jack Theirs an People,Country, and Out subjects been have Chinese which life with tall tales adventure. of His with for keepimperative need would all who in with occidental treated the world reflects so the that ably adventure he in this upto-date worldinformed and will factual a genupermit data which tells. in the pretty accepted ways Not today.of /. C. M. ine of China. understanding

life that living, his one emphasizes of to In reasonable aporder a make the desperate despite most achieve AdolescentThe discusses the fundaproach, the author will. the one has To canconditions—if Arlitt, Hart(Ada McGrawHill geographical of the and mentals China: of the love verve Lonthose Jack who Inc., York, Company,Book language, New conditions, ethnological the

this himself don, biography, he which1938. pages. 242 $2.00.) life, ethics, escustoms emotive and it calling write to planned one by day

thetics, religion, nationeducation, and her previously exevenCurpassing title, will exceptionally prove the same*"* alism. cellent book, PsycholAdolescent uses informative. Stone Since Mr.

to the eager groups understand For this in latest Arlittogy, book, Hart Ada diary, kept he which London's Jack this in situation present China, book of picture presents Adolescent, aThe life, is authorihis the during book will furnish a background. valuable in situationsthe people young which /. C. tative.—M.

]. C.find the In themselves. ways,—M. many

book will prove helpful to adults who Adventures in SelfDiscovery Listen! The Wind

have perhaps not been too wise or well- ( David Seabury, McGrawHill Book (Anne Morrow Lindbergh, illustrated in their parentsguided All maturing. A. by maps drawn by Charles Company, New York, 1938. 307

of children, are whether they Co., Lindbergh, Harcourt, Brace and adolespages. $2.50.

cents or not, should own this book for New York. 262 pages. $2.50.

it If experiences refreshing conoffrequent personal and the Tsing mind. T flight the of the 1933 with P\ealing *""*is all for to individual impossible his basis as the of crete examples own Atlantic the over Lindberghs

this literarycopies book, or of groups consulting psystudy, Seabury, a Mr. via through Western Greenland Ocean unitssocial the should from has City, chologist in buy book made York New to back Africa and and Europe down charge, smalla could anhis each fascinating which book. a Through via the States to United AmerSouth

it is afford. difficult toeasily conditions, these certain of alyses of Although

ica, an introduces Listen! The Windselect as to of superior being chapter a the the any author has opened new way different entirely locale Lindfrom Mrs.

others, to the chaptersvalue the greater growth. C. freedom and two M. J. to the bergh's book, former North

Orient. Their experiences make interesting reading, and Mrs. Lindbergh

is essentially a poet as she. writes of

them.—M. C. /. JhiA, rl)wX.—

Red Star Over China (Edgar Snow, Random House, New York, 1938. 474 pages. $3.00.)

"\17ith interest aroused to fever pitch GIVE BOOKS "* in the near east, this book dealing In making your plans for Christmas, remember—with a newspaperman's firsthand ac-

"There is a peculiar dignity attached to the gift oi a book that count in that region comes as welcome is in no way affected by its price."information. Picturesque descriptions

Our stock of books is the largest and best in the Intermountain region. and dramatic incidents liven the interStandard works, classics, Church publications, fiction and nonfiction. est of the account. Biographs of the

leading figures in China enhance the

Greeting cards for every occasion. value of the book.

The picture of land ownership paRadios, Moving Picture Equipment, Portable Typewriters, thetically indicates the seriousness of Fountain Pens, Pencils, Note Books—and a Thousand and One China's awakening and shaking off the

Gifts. feudal system which encased her, leaving as it did over 65% of the rural

the total land. arable poignancy The Deseret Book Company population only from 1% to 15% of

in real of the story captured this book 44 East South Temple—Salt Lake City, Utah makes drama of the rarest sort behind

this story of presentday China.—M. C. /.

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; MELVIN J. BALLARD, JOHN A. WIDTSOE, AND JOSEPH F. MERRILL

NEW 1939 COURSE OF STUDY ANNOUNCED antiliquor-tobacco column

FOR MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD "NICOTINE ON THE AIR"

Another booklet in the Antiliquor- "PRIESTHOOD AND CHURCH groups of a quorum shall make. The tobacco Campaign has gone to the

WELFARE"quarterly report forms are for the quofield. It treats of the cigarette and toall Priests, SevHigh most rum. But It the author bacco. by was written

'"Phis is the title of the Melchizedek enties, cover Elders quorums and many of reputable a Talks to Youth, Alcohol 1939. for of study course Priesthood all stake. in In or a wards two more scientist, highgrade and a writer who

discusses chapters of 33 volumeThe are the these meetings cases weekly his subject to and knows knows how opporthe place and but clearlysimply therefore not meetgroup quorum and it. tell

tunities of the Melchizedek Priesthood ings. But groups are expected to keep

quorums in promoting the objectives record of all their meetings and data This tobacco booklet, like the alcohol of the Welfare Program of the Church. relative to their members, the same as booklet, is representative of the type of

The lesson headings of the new quorums. literature the General Committee sponfollows as are ofcourse truthful, study helpful. and To sors—reliable, get Priesthood should group Every plain the anyone wants who to know Introduction.Part the of quarand a copy quorum keep triis truth> simply toid( and 1. Plan. the of Beginning I.The interestingiy is, form, that of the report ques literature It will will highly prized. Plan. terly 2. be Objectives Welfare of Church

3. Organization of the Welfare Plan. tions on this form, and make written provide him, or her, with upto-date

4. Priesthood and the Welfare Plan. reports regularly and promptly to the scientific information, facts of experipresident these or secretary on quorum motivations. ence and helpful II. Principles.Part Foundation questions. replace to The make these

5. to Create Wealth. How the ports is at the of meetings monthly "Nicotine Air,"small bookOn The Is 6. Life. Labor

7. Thrift. quorum. The quorum secretary will let though it is, will tell every enquirer

8. The Bondage of Debt. then be able to compile the quarterly why "tobacco is not good for man."

9. Inequalities of Wealth and Income. reports for the quorum from these group The facts told square completely with

10. Distribution of Wealth and Income. reports. those derived from experience and

Part III. Principles of Action. Full reports, promptly made, by each revelation. Hence the booklet will un11. The Power of SelfHelp. quorum are greatly desired at President doubtedly be highly satisfactory to

of 12. Need The

13. of Government. The Role Opportunity. Clawson's office. Most quorums are everytold inLatterdayevery-day Saint.language,Thenotfactsin theare

14. The Strength of Cooperation. now cooperating satisfactorily in this technical phraseology often used by the

Giving. 15. The Joy of scientist. matter. This, that this doubt but however, can wise in no No

of 16. Consecration. The Law detracts the from dependability of what of soon be said every Gratequorum.

booklet gives a reliable told. ThePart IV. of Earth The Resources and Man. ful thanks are extended to stake comis

1 7. findings of the Resources. Inventorying insummary of science Our Natural

18. "For the Strength of the Hills."mittees and quorum officers for coterestingly told. These, it will be seen,

19. The Wealth of Land and Water. operation in this matter. are in complete harmony with what

20. Farming and Ranching as a Mode of

Life. 21. Watershed and Forest Resources.

22. Range, Wildlife, and Recreational Resources.

23. Manufacturing as a Resource.

24. Chemurgy: A Way to Prosperity.

25. Making Old Things New.

26. Human Energy as a Resource: The

Value of Clean Living.

27. The Health Resources of Man.

28. The Many Vocations of Man.

Part V. The Quorum and the Welfare Plan.

29. All Things are Spiritual.

30. Universal Salvation.

31. The Quorum and the Members.

32. The Quorum and the Social Order.

Part VI. Summary Restatement.

33. The Universality of the Welfare Plan.

The book or pamphlet containing this course of study will be ready for distribution from the Deseret Book Company, early in December.

SHALL PRIESTHOOD

GROUPS REPORT CHURCH WELFARE GARDEN, 1938

for Bishop's Storehouse that a question learn\a/e a welldeveloped patch. bean has arisen canning.TableTheBeetEldersGardenof theof theward13thhad aWard,gardenOgdenof mixedStake.vegetables,These andbeetsthewentSeventies,to the

reports the that Priesthood v about S. Bieler Photo by Paul

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1938

has to say about Wisdomthe Word of

All Saintstobacco. Latterday may TO THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD

read them with much satisfaction. (Concluded from page 653) "the worth of souls is great in the sight

Everyone will profit by reading them. under this authority should be done at the of God."To save the souls of those

Orders for the booklet may be sent proper time and place, in the proper way and who have strayed from the fold is just to the Deseret Book Co. after the proper order. The power to as worthy and commendable, and causes

direct these constitutes labors of the keys just in rejoicing as to heaven, as much the their Priesthood. In fulnessOBJECTIVES are they OF THE in far souls parts save the of away held at time, the a only person one byCAMPAIGN earth. Prophet President the of and Church. He several the last months we Pouring

delegate this portion of to any may power In that these order might have we antitalking our about been have in another, that case holds which person to alive responsibilcommittees theseliquortobacco All campaign. readers. that of the keys particular labor.. His

it ities, is that the necessary stakeof the of the Priesthood department is Priesthood increased.special not the by

Era have had their attention called to appointment, for a Seventy who presides Priesthood committee should be organthis matter. But in any case it will over a mission has no more Priesthood than ized. It is composed of at least four

probably not be amiss to restate some a Seventy who labors under his direction; brethren, one of whom shall be a memthe President of and Elders'quorum, an chairof the stake ber as presidency said.things that previously been have

for example, has no than Priesthood more Priest, others, the man, a a SevHigh is it the are all about? What What of that any member quorum; holds he but enty, Elder. and committee an This to objectives theychief are and how the directing of official the power labors representation a each from have may reached?be in the performed the mission or or quorum,

The Lord gave the Church the Word in other words, the keys of that division quorum of Priesthood and also three of Wisdom. Every member knows of the work. members of the high council. It should

the tremendous temptations and urges Every person holding an office in the feel keenly its responsibility in keeping there are these days for violating this Priesthood should be enrolled and reall quorums of Elders and the High divine Word. The Church is counterceive membership in the proper quorum Priests in firstclass condition spiriting with all its might, encouraging its where his membership is recorded. ually and every other way. Regular

members to remain firm and to observe One of the main purposes of a quorum meetings should be held and frequent the "order and will of God"with reof Priesthood is to help every indivisits to the quorums should be made.

spect to these matters. The chief obvidual member of that quorum in all Written reports from the quorums

jectives of the campaign, therefore, are things pertaining to the quorum; in his should also be furnished to this comto increase the faith of Latterday spirituality, in his temporal salvation, mittee.

Saints in the divinity of the Word of in all his needs. In this connection It is also recommended that monthly

Wisdom by showing them that science it may be said that the Church has meetings be held for all officers of the and experience absolutely confirm the launched out on a welfare program Priesthood, at which the lessons, proteaching that liquor and tobacco are for the benefit of the members of the jects and activities of the month should not good for the body, and to so motiChurch, especially those who are in be discussed. Here, also, the officers

vate them that they will completely abneed. This is in very deed a Priestof the quorums should be trained in

stain from their use. This accomplishhood project. Each quorum of Priestquorum responsibility and the art of

ment would result in tremendous gains hood should have under way some presiding. In some stakes these meetfor the people of the Church. helpful project, not only to aid the ings are not being held, and in some,

By direction of the First Presidency members of the quorum, but the entire this important Melchizedek Priesthood the campaign is a project for all PriestChurch. The quorums should keep in Committee has not been appointed.

hood quorums, Melchizedek and touch with the welfare workers of the Now, brethren, such things ought not

Aaronic, and is to be carried on under stake in all such matters and exert their to be.

the direction of Melchizedek and power and initiative in the accomplishAaronic Priesthood authorities. The ing of these undertakings. All of this, Information for the quorums and inauxiliary organizations are to be asked of course, is to be done under the direcstructions in relation to all quorum

to help also. tion and supervision of the authorities duties are published monthly in The

to beare led Era. We stake. the the objectives accomplish are pleased to note Improvement it has in To We to access do not have lieve that many that of the are faithfully to use advisedbeen the fundamental many quorums

if so, Era, or, kept they have not following these instructions, of themissionary but method some the Church—that instructions the there in touch with not caught the spirit of thisof personal contact, work. supplemented by have

difficulty given. finding are also Weliterature, pictures, years sound movie and been pleadFor many we have

in the obtaining quofrom Priesthood etc. the to organize machines,production acing the with quorums Hence

fill their reports. in the rums Kindly aretive stake following committees: committees and ward

necessary, committees whose special 1. Personal Welfare. blanks as you are directed and send

to President Clawson's Rudger 2.business it is to Service. them see that the campaign Church

office, as Office Building, in the Church Instruction. vigorously Detailsgoes forward. Class have 3.

been and will be sent from headquar- 4. Miscellaneous and Social. expeditiously as possible so that a

ters to the field. This column of the To these we have recently added proper record may be kept.

Era, circular and personal letters, etc., another, the stake Melchizedek PriestBrethren of the Priesthood: These

will be used for this purpose. hood committee. We regret to say that are your responsibilities. The Council

One objective of the campaign is to in too many instances these committees of the Twelve did not place them upon reach every member of the Church have not been called into existence, you; the Presidency of the Church did

with literature, personal contact, etc., and in too many, where they have not place them upon you—it is true

especially those members that are selbeen organized, they are not functionthat they, or their representatives, dom, if ever, seen in our religious gathing. The result of this is that many called you and ordained you to this minerings. All Priesthood quorums are wayward souls may be lost, who, with istry—but the responsibility to perform

asked to do this work with their own a little help from these committees, this labor came to you from the Son members. Relief Society teachers will could be saved from the spiritual death of God! You are His servants. You

probably undertake to contact all the which awaits them. Spiritual death is will be held accountable to Him for

women in the homes. With organithe most terrible of all deaths, yet we your stewardship, and unless you magzation and a will, the work can be carsee our fellow quorum members dying nify your callings and prove yourried on to reach and maintain contact for want of a little sympathetic and selves worthy and faithful in all things,

with all members of the Church. brotherly attention. Many of these you will not stand blameless before

Brethren, we solicit your full and wayward men, if not all, could be Him at the last day. Joseph Fielding

hearty support. saved by this careful attention. Truly Smith.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1938

MELCHiZEDEK OUTLINE OF STUDY FOR DECEMBER QUORUM PROJECTS

Text: The Word of Wisdom—A Modern Interpretation, by John A. What Is Your Quorum Doing?

Widtsoe and Leah D. Widtsoe.

Priesthood quarterly stake the "Prom life their grandchildren early in and middle XXXILESSON * of accounts quorum brief reports to subject are grandchildren most great and of the Need World'sThe published selected will and projects be civilization? Public school diseases the of of Wisdom ofWord this column: in large proportion statistics monthly that state very a

19)(Chapter in unfit physically one are children our of of Wisdom. of Word I. Summary and Vegas Elders, Las 3rd Quorum this is of the cause or ways. many What rules. 1. Eight Stake: it Wards, City Moapa Boulder corrected? condition? be may How welfare. for man's operation 2. Their

in 6. the children of proportion of project What Welfare stake the Church In the of observing 3. importance The

free district physical are from school your Elders'was quorum our asparagus canning as of the of Wisdom Do's Word correct help parents defects? to may of fund $70.00 How to a donate called upon Don'ts. the as well

ill health? of conditions asparagus. of the for the picking help pay Health. of Factors II. Supplementary

if 7. changes, have any, you made within What immediately raised fund was The fitness. physical of factors 1. five The

diet year? in the past during your stake. the to over turned the and quorum health. mental of 2. Importance

8. the necessary most foods Explain how project one individual quorum an For on depends often health Spiritual 3.

the for containing vitamins donated ward our of Vegas Las member is health—those factors and mental physical and

fed often discarded and and if the trees his Elders would figs from the minerals—are all. of important most

healthiest the that to animals foods and realized selling. picking the and do full We give to 4. obeyed be must Each

the often are cheapest. this undertaking. from $29.85 health.

9. personal as testimony your Give own initial contribution a toward the For Truths. III. These Needs World The to benefits the living derived from have you the for fund quorum we permanent $1,000 ill in evidence health 1. much Too

its in the of during fullness Wisdom netted Word play which put on a sponsored and everywhere.

past the year. $51.45. us their homes; broken 2. many Too the 10. that proof have do you What from permission received cure. quorum cause and The

inspired Prophet he gave Joseph was when to screen designs Pacific Railroad and the Father 3. Union Heavenly Our to the the of world? Wisdom Word is It their yards. coal children. from the earth for use waste health His

IV. Diet as Health Factor for Posterity. LESSON XXXII quite fine, but burns well. With our regular

1. Wrong diet of mother affects chilReview wood hauling project this should enable us

dren. To the Leader: to provide a good supply of fuel for the

2. Modern diet too refined and foods For this final period review any lesson needy this winter.

are devitalized. or lessons you may have gone over too Following is a brief list of the acinvite hurriedly. 3. or Affects longevity. someone, Or, doctor a Elders, of tivities of the 4th Quorum

live to person, 4. other or or a nurse give capable to be 80 Grandparents may Plain City, Warren Warren and West lecture to old; desired subject children pertaining on but and any 90 years

grandchildren often die in early mahealth. Wards, North Weber Stake:

turity or youth. Elder Wilford Skeen lost a boy. The

5. All should so live to give health and ORGANIZATION OF STAKE quorum held a benefit dance, and with the

long life to posterity. MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD aid of the Relief Society paid the hospital

V. Problems of the Day Solved. COMMITTEES bill.

this law. benefits of 1. Economic to the expenses helped quorum pay The Stake Melchizedek Priesthood The 2. increased. will Health be college. at of Elder Committee organized should be

lots for 3. of vacant use Encourage destroyed Bishop After had the wind as a Priesthood with much quorum

gardens. the four standing committees, each Heslop's barn, we helped to clean up the

4. Decrease of illness, insanity, crime. of which should give special attendebris and get his place in shape.

VI. SelfConquest the Greatest Victory. tion to the corresponding committees The quorum helped to collect asparagus

1. Obedience to the positive side of in the Priesthood quorums of the and rhubarb, and the West Warren group

the Word of Wisdom gives stake. has been very active in a project of raising

strength to obey the negative re- (Concluded on page 683) quirements.

"hidden the gift of and 2. Wisdom L. D. MISSIONS REPORT S. STAKE THE OF treasures greatMONTHLY the of knowledge"

of First Council Apostles the to Seventy Council Made by The of the Twelve The est benefactions. the August, 1938 For Month of

3. Selfcontrol to be sought. Missionary Activities August August

theVII. Inspiration of of 1937 1938 Wisdom. Word

I. part or Evenings 7,119 days spent 4,514 1. of the In the Smith days Joseph

2. in missionary Hours spent 10.027 workin missionary work 15,515

nutrition science of unborn. was 3. calls of 11,673 8,130 Number made

2. Proof of the Prophet's divine in- 4. Number of first invitations in 3,722 3,829

5. revisits of 4,082 2,563 Number spiration.

6. of 12,794 conversations Gospel 8,776 Number

3. Greatest gifts of peace and security 7. standard of Number Church works distributed (Does not include Books of Mormon

possible through obedience to Word reported under Item No. 10) 219 293

of distributed other 318 366 books Number tracts 9. of distributed pamphlets 13,664 22,447 and 8. Number

4. ofA Wisdom.gift to the world! 10. of of actually Copies 153 sold 159 Book Mormon

11. hall of 193 held meetings Number 295 by missionaries Problems, ProjectsQuestions,

of cottage 427 meetings held 568 Number by missionaries of Wisdom be 12. the Word 1. How may 13. of missionaries 2,400 attended Number who cottage and hall meetings.. 2,099

summarized? If these rules are applied to 14. Number of investigators present at cottage and hall meetings 3.320 2,167

as of of baptisms a result... 144 91 missionary workyour daily

people 15 of years over 79 Of health program what results 15. Numbr (1) age

follow?would people of 15 years under age: (2) Of

2. Make a survey of the dietary habits a. Both of whose parents are members 27

b. years 15 Others of under 30 age friends family and of your and circle of

Classification not 8 designated if any. improvements, neededsuggest inactive of brought Re16. Number of into activity through stake missionary members Church

port at next meeting. service during the month 225 178

3. Summarize the vital statistics of your Additional Information

of stakes 124 118 Number in the Church 1937. for county Re1936 or town and

stake missions organized 119 Number of 113 in port. those with do they compare How

the United States? Missionaries Actively Engaged

of stakes reporting 107 Number 86 are factors necessary of health 4. What of districts 364 274 Number

in the not of mentioned though Word Elders 202 202

Wisdom? Seventies 1,253 929

High 5. fact that the explain many do you How WomenPriests 271310 213169

live of eighty people or to be over our ninety years of age yet their children die Total - 2,036 1,513

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

AARONIC PRIESTHOOD 7. "How the Aaronic Priesthood of our 4. The M Men Supervisor, Explorer

EXTENSION PLAN TO BE Stake Plans to meet the Challenge"Commissioner, and Scout Commisof ChairmanMAJOR ACTIVITY Ninety OF 8. Stake"The and AaronicNine"—memberPriesthood.ASSOCIATED GROUPS of 5. Asioner.Secretary—not the Stake Clerk. Presidency, of Stake Stake Chairman

to of the every have name boy Extension Plan Plans Meeting: Time of

Shall in the young and be- 9. "How Church man WeCommittee.Answer the Challenge stake presidetermined by the To be to World the 12 of ages pertween and 20 on a Leadership?"—Stake

held but meeting Presidency to be a regular dent. will card, record manent form which

the basis of a regular contact with all 10.11. Benediction.Singing. monthly.who are or may hereafter become inProcedure:

active, have been sent over the Church Figures taken from the latest reports 1. Member of stake presidency to confrom the offices of the Presiding Bishshowing active and inactive members duct the meeting.

opric. should be discussed. 2. Opening Exercises (brief).

Associated in the plan are the SunWard Followup Campaign 3. Instructions from stake presidency,

day School and the Y. M. M. I. A., the Following the meeting of stake and unfinished business, special report,

three organizations assigned to the suward youth leaders, this meeting should discussion of latest reports of pervision, teaching, and activity probe held in every ward. Aaronic Priesthood extension plan,

grams of members of the Aaronic and plans for improving leadership,

Priesthood. Some 50,000 cards have Suggested Outline for programs, and methods. Informabeen distributed, sufficient to account Ward Meetings tion from Presiding Bishopric or

for every member of the Aaronic PriestTo be attended by all youth leaders General Boards, special stake prohood under 20 years of age and some and every available young man and boy jects, local social and moral prob- 4,500 others who have not been orbetween the ages of 12 and 20. The lems.

dained. meeting is to be held under the direction 4. Determine dates for all stake social

With the cards have been sent cirof the bishopric. Representatives of and fraternal activities, regular meetculars outlining the plan and suggesting the stake presidency, high council, ings, or other activities with which

a followup campaign for each stake Aaronic Priesthood committees, Sunward activities should not be dated and ward. Suggested programs for stake day School, and Y. M. M. I. A. superin conflict.

and ward meetings associated with the intendences should attend where pos- 5. Separate into three groups—leaders

introduction of the new plan are pubsible. of Priests, Teachers, and Deacons

lished herewith. 1. Opening Song. quorums and corresponding groups

Some 50 stakes which have been vis- 2. Opening Prayer. in Sunday School and M. I. A.

3. possible of best Music standard.ited separately, the of the high with for members by "Cavalcade Youth"have

4. of Sons from SpecialStory—"The Helaman"already council assigned received to each group, conliterature the and cards the Book (Chapters of Mormon. 52ducting discussion. the the In in aand the number stake of them and

ward meetings have been held and the 5. A Modern Army of the 'Sons of separate groups the following should

plan launched. In the rest of the stakes Helaman'."be considered:

the plans will be discussed in stake 6. "Priesthood and leadership."a. Attendance at quorum or class

conferences during the next few 7. Musical Selection. (Exceptional.) meetings of each organization.

months. 8. "President Brigham Young's Charge to b. Plans for stakewide social or

A."the M. fraternal features for the ageSuggested for programs stake and

I Brother's Keeper?"9. ||Am MyI. represented. group meetings onward in the Check proposed inaugu10. the of Destiny 'Sons of Aaron'."

activitiesration such in each of the and ward Aaronic Priesthood Ex11. "I'll "TheSinging—Praise the Lord While

tension Plan: I am Young."encourage regular balanced pro12. Benediction. grams of such features.

Stake Followup Campaign The special musical numbers should c. Plans for motivating and correIt is recommended that at an early be good enough to be strong drawing lating all programs and activities

date each stake should call together its cards as well as furnishing satisfying, of all organizations, involving youth leaders to make plans to meet the wholesome entertainment. members of the age group reprechallenge confronting us. At this meetQuorum supervisors and M. I. A. and sented.

ing the Aaronic Priesthood Extension Sunday School officers should cooper- d. Missionary visits by ward leadPlan should definitely be launched and ate to have every boy and young man ers to inactive members.

full consideration given to a permanent 12 to 20 especially invited and trans- e. The use of boys and young men

followup of every inactive member. ported if desired. It should be the outas missionaries to interest their

Suggested Outline for thestandingward.youth event in the history of activity.friends and associates in ChurchStake Meeting

To be attended by all stake and ward THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD leaders of young men and boys. EXTENSION PLAN EXTENSION PLAN

1. Singing. Stake Organization and Procedure Ward Organization and Procedure

2. Opening Prayer. Organization Organization'.

3. Singing. 1. A member of the stake presidency. 1. The bishopric as the presidency of

4. "The Challenge of the Problems of Preferably the one assigned to superthe Aaronic Priesthood.

to our a Youth member vise the Priesthood. Aaronic 2. Stake"—by of Aaronic Chairman The Ward of Presidency. the Stake of the high council assignMembers all Priesthood of Committee Quo- 5. "Religious Foundation for Every Lat- 2. ed superviAaronic Priesthood Supervisors. rum terday Saint SuperinYouth"—Stake of three. 3. minimum B, Teachers of A, The and Deof C tendent sion—ato Schools. Sunday

6. "Building Boys to Latterday Saint 3. Members of the Stake Sunday partments in Sunday School.

Standards"—Stake Superintendent of School Board supervising A, B, and 4. The M Men Leader, Explorer Lead-

. Y. M. M. I. A. C Departments. er, and Scoutmaster.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1938

5. The secretary of the committee. volving more than the one age should report on his contacts and

( Because ward clerks have so many group. make recommendations for furother duties it is recommended that b. The general conditions of activther followup, by himself or some

some other person be selected who ity and Church participation of other person, in all cases where will devote himself diligently to this young men or boys of that age the person contacted has failed work. group. to respond. A new feature of

c. Missionary work among those the plan is that young men and

Time of Meeting: who are inactive. It is suggested boys should be used as missionTo be determined by the bishopric, that the names of inactive memaries to help interest their friends

but to be a regular meeting to be held bers be discussed impartially and and associates in Church activity.

monthly. that each member of the group d. Boys and young men of PriestProcedure: (the member of the bishopric exhood quorums, Sunday School

classes and I. A. Y. cepted) assigned be names and two M. M.

1. meeting. to Bishopric conduct the in enlisted for contact should groups personal per be month

2. Exercises Opening friends their bring to the missionary campaign work. and At

3. Instructions from bishopric—unfin-(brief). activity. into neighbors leader succeeding meeting each and reports, genspecial business, ished

eral matters concerning Aaronic

Priesthood as a whole, discussion of THE WORD OF WISDOM REVIEW

Prereports, latest from information Information Regarding of Pertinent

Bishopric, siding General Board or A Monthly Presentationthe Lord's Law of Health stake authorities, Special Aaronic

Priesthood, Sunday School or M.

I. A. projects, local social or moral A MODERN SMOKE CONSUMER And he'd have a smoke consumer

problems. That was strictly up to date.

in meadows summer walked T have all social4. for dates ward Determine Unknown.—Author * arid flashed the sunbeams activities involving more When fraternal or ordrivers'club, safety A national broke, should group. Dates age than one to Mich., hopes in ganized Jackson, cattle, the I nor the never But saw in as far advance as determined be year, at million a enroll $1 5 members smoke. horses nor Sheep practicable. drunken to the funds using on war

three into5. Separation wonder with groups—bishworld the watched I have wheel. at carelessness the driving and

Priests'quoof supervisor with op wet, grass with was the dew When teacher rum, I never saw a robin The liquor business wants healthy, Class at and Mof MenSundayleader.School First"C"ButPuffing a cigarette.

counselor, preferably with superattractive, personable young people to visor of Teachers'quorum, teacher I have fished in many a river dispense its wares. They are good

of Sunday School "B"class and ExWhen the sucker crop was ripe, advertisements in themselves. That's

plorer leader. Second counselor, But I never saw a catfish at least one big reason why the first

preferably, with supervisor of DeaPuffing at a pipe. job a desperate youth finds open is in

local cons'quorum, teacher of Sunday Man's the only living creature a tavern-—or whatever the favored

School "A"Class and Scoutmaster. That parades this vale of tears, name is for what our grandparents

In these groups the following items Like a snorting traction engine knew as a saloon.

should be discussed: Puffing smoke from nose and ears. Let's not be discouraged in our jobpos- Let's out every hunting. sound of involving a. Activities members intended had God take siblity Let's in community. our or particular age that quorum

first invented man He If When is ofthat of the guidance advantage and planned should be group built him would've he'd smoke, That He line right the fered. Let's get in far as addetermined dates plan. different widely a On let's far then matter no in how practicable, keeping as vance intodown—and

mind dates already determined He'd have fixed him with a stove pipe work toward a goal that is worth reachfor general or ward events inAnd a damper and a grate ing.

stacked forks with what hay men FALLS ELDERS Twelve IDAHO Projects NORTHQuorum rest the cut, piled raked, ready, and was PROJECTS REPORT 681) page (Concluded from field. this following brother's of The

for the Welfare of beets Church acreone Elders eighteen the of week Thursday same Elder Melvin J. Ballard.Program, in the the stacked afternoon and came

2nd Quorum of Elders of the Dear Brother: balance of his hay. The Elders'wives

Burley Stake: On July 16th in the forenoon Elder prepared dinner for the crew at Elder Lorin

field place by. Carpenter's near the which from coming was was Landon Dwain harraised successfully and have We is projects his of the only noticed This one of he many with a load hay when onions; acres ofvested a quarter and two

left field. of his quorum. that taken our are being care in his grain by horse young He assisted with the of quorum members35% sponsors a committee miscellaneous brother went to The and load a with younger alsothis has project. comquorum The

their social Elders each conbeing and out. month horse the when drive animal The of of prunes cans thepleted canning 529

weinie to hold wives meet and partners perfectly walked sidered gentle, he up close has oneprogram,for the Welfare Church parties, roasts, bonfire or his to and marshmallow him with and motioned beside himhalf that has and of squash acre done well, the Class Instruction committee has sold hand. The horse whirled and kicked, strikwatermelon busts, volley ball, basket ball

winter or sponsored resulting dancing. side in the of the have head, ing him We

carnivals. instruction committee class Brother after midnight. his death The soonWisdom—A18 copies of Modernthe textbook,Interpretation.The Word of in their left activity committee have and of loads Church a hay only few had Landon

Pasadena Stake, High Priests to haul. A few Elders or their represenprojects as well. We also have charge of

Quorum: tatives hauled that hay that afternoon. The the ward teaching. While we are not

This quorum set up a stakewide shoe next day being Sunday no work was done, living the United Order by any means, we repair plant. An apprentice was trained but the Personal Welfare Committee made do have the spirit of brotherhood. Our

and is now doing excellent work. Up to investigation. Brother Dwain's work was problems are not all solved; it seems that

the time of the latest report 80 pairs of pretty well done, having been changing the more we do the more we can see to do.

of Elders, Sixth service their to them, volunteered Quorum to which The expenses amounting—withshoes had been repaired, bringing in $97.50 work with his father and brother, so they Your Brethren in the Gospel. $71.22—or

Falls Stake. Idaho North for the twenty morning Also, $26.28.a net profit was accepted. Monday quorum of

at the request of bishops 8 pairs of shoes Elders turned out with three mowing maBy John E. Thompson,

have been repaired for the needy. chines, two dump rakes, and three wagons. Quorum President.

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

in the Belvedere Ward plan and its orIjJcUaL Jsunch&Ji6u VnsL&Aaq&, Osx&mhoJi, 1938 derlylished andhereeffectivein ordermethods,that it it mayis pubbe

THE SPIRIT OF CHRISTMAS broughtpossible tonumberthe attentionof officersof theresponsiblegreatest. By love serve one another. For all the law is fulfilled in one word, even for Ward Teaching.

in this: Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself."Galatians 5:13, 14. The plan as outlined for Belvedere

Ward is, briefly, as follows: THE very name of the greatest of all holidays—Christmas—and the The ward is divided into four disglorious event it is intended to commemorate—the birth of the Savior tricts; two on the east side, and two on

should give to every Latterday Saint a feeling of reverence, of thanksgiving the west side of the ward. There are

and praise to our Father in Heaven, as preparations for this almost universal 160 teachers, 80 on the west side and festival are carried on. 80 on the east. The first Thursday of

Latterday Saints have been blessed beyond any other people on the each month is Home Night on the east earth today. To us have been given the glorious truths of the Gospel and side of the ward. On that night all

by obedience to the commandments of the Lord, we have been given the members are expected to remain at richest of all blessings. home, prepared to receive the Ward

Now, as Christmas approaches, not only our hearts, but our purses Teachers, and to conduct home night too, should be opened to the Lord. None of His children should be perprograms. On this night the Ward

mitted to suffer: None should go unnoticed during the holiday festivities. Teachers from the west side visit their

We should not only do our full share in the Church plan to provide for all, districts, which are all on the east side.

but we should give to ourselves the supreme joy that comes directly On the second Thursday it is Home from bringing happiness to others. Night on the west side and the Ward

Then, too, our hearts should be filled with forgiveness. There is no Teachers who live on the east side visit

place in the Christmas plan for hard feelings toward others. We should their districts, which are all on the west

seek forgiveness and grant forgiveness. We should make our own peace side. Each group meets at the ward

and goodwill. Then we can consistently join with others in singing "Peace chapel before going visiting and the

on Earth, Good will Towards Men."regular missionary plan of the Church,

Every Latterday Saint should seek the true spirit of Christmas by that of having two Elders visit togiving and forgiving, by bringing joy and happiness, even if only in a humble gether is followed. Each teacher has a

way, to others, and strive to have the spirit of the Christ accompany us in regular monthly message and also a all that we do at this Christmastide. This scripture is suggested for ward bulletin from the bishopric.

contemplation The work is usually completed in

Then shall the King say unto them on his right hand, Come, ye blessed of from one to two and a half hours, acmy Father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world: cording to the size of the district. There

For I was an hungered, and ye gave me meat: I was thirsty, and ye gave me are 21 supervisors, including the mem-

I in: stranger, drink: a and ye took was me

sick, clothed me: and I was Naked, ye and ye visited me: I was in prison, bersfull shareof theofbishopric,ward teaching.who alsoThedo theirparunto me. came and ye

Then shall the righteous answer him saying, Lord, when saw we thee an ticipation has reached as high as 74 out hungered, and fed thee? or thirsty, and gave thee drink? of 80 teachers reporting at the ward

When saw we thee a stranger, and took thee in? or naked, and clothed thee? chapel on one night.

Or when saw we thee sick, or in prison, and came unto thee?

shall them, Verily the say and answer unto King And it these least the of unto one of have done as ye my brethren,I say untoyeyou,haveInasmuchdone it FOUR STAKES MAINTAIN 100% unto me. (Matthew, 26:3440.) WARD TEACHING RECORDS FOR 1938

Franklin, Juarez, Los Angeles, and

SPECIAL ISSUE OF PROGRESS the most important phases of Ward Oneida Still Have Perfect Scores

OF THE CHURCH INCREASES Teaching.

INTEREST IN TEACHING Because of the widespread interest ICrom out of the five stakes with 100% records in Ward Teachers'visits

Cuggestions for improving teaching THE TEMPLE for the first half of 1938 maintained the in Star Valley, August. standard same, in in contained branches and wards Stokes Lee By in the of top group honor July, member official theProgress monthly Church, of of granite, matchless grace reportrecord, perfect barely missed a YOURbulletin Bishopric, in of Presiding the of strength stone, Your wondrous ing 98%. for issuethe materially August, have of springing each beauty arch The

list in for stakes the Other 100% this in interestincreased important all marvels Are own. your

Beach, August were Bear Lake, Long as indicatedwork, in comments of stake vie with yonder mountainpeaks You other Lake, and Weber. Nine Moon officers.and ward In majesty sublime. stakes better reported than Hol90%; builders have builded you The who

Of particular interest has been the Have conquered space and time. lywood, Ogden and Star Valley reachreview of the plan being followed in ing 98%. The average for the Church

blue vaulted of heaven This indicates was that moreBelvedere 55%. Wells Stake Ward of spires. as outTheRests your down upon than were of the Church 70,000 homeslined Richard by Bishop A. Brower. in the anchors rock Your below

This plan makes of Ward Teaching a May feel earth's throbbing fires. visited in August, the vacation month.

projectmajor provides, as and ward this record, is an encouraging While of Oh, hope, symbol a mighty as isnearly possible, for reasonably fact that nearly 60,000 other homes faith that's true, the strong and Of contacting every family in the ward May all that we construct on earth were not visited should not be lost very month. This, of course, is one of Spring up to God like you! sight of.

OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS OF THE GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY OF UTAH

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, JOHN A. WIDTSOE, HAROLD J. KIRBY,

President and Treasurer. A. WILLIAM LUND, Assistant Secretary.

JOSEPH CHRISTENSON, JAMES M. KIRKHAM, L. GARRETT MYERS,

Vice President. MARK E. PETERSEN, Assistant Treasurer and

ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT, Directors. Superintendent of Research Bureau

Secretary and Librarian. ELLEN HILL,

Assistant Librarian.

Magic of the Microfilm ingraphthe theBritishimmenseMuseumstoreuponof recordsmicrostakes$1300 havehas madebeen excellentreceived.contribuSome

(Concluded from page 664) films, and preserve these in the event tions.

it is barely legible and where the that the British Museum is destroyed The air is filled with rumors of paper is discolored by stains, may be by bombs. war. If war comes, countless recphotographed so that the original The German government has offiords will be destroyed and irretrievwriting is perfectly legible, and the cially undertaken the photographing ably lost to posterity. Let us take

stains have disappeared. of German parish registers. Seven for our slogan the words of the ProAlready the microfilms are being thousand of these, it is reported, phet Joseph Smith:

have been completed, and it may be The Saints have not too much time to possible for our Society to obtain save and redeem their dead... before the

positive copies of these films. Thirtyearth will be smitten, and the consumption

five operators are continually endecreedI wouldfallsadviseupon theall world.the Saints to go to

gaged in photographing the German with their might... that they may be

registers that remain. prepared against the day that the destroyforth; if the ing angel goes whole and Church libraries land the throughout The

all to their to should with save might go trethe quick to discern have been seal their posterity, their gather dead, and mendous significance of this new their living friends, and spend none of their development, and are planning to time in behalf of the world, they would utilize it to the fullest. Our Society hardly get through before night would come

and our Church must not be behind Josephwhen noSmith,man pagecan 330.)work. (Teachings of

the others in this new movement.

Our purpose in gathering records The modern science of photogentitles us to be in the forefront. raphy has brought the magic of the

To secure the necessary funds for microfilm to our service to help us copying desired records or purchaswith this task in a manner until reing duplicate copies of films already cently unknown. As devices are

produced of records having geneaperfected, and more skilful techlogical value, a campaign is now benique is acquired, most of the preing carried forward throughout the cious records of the past of value in

Church inviting all to became memgenealogical research will be microbers of the Genealogical Society of filmed. These can be purchased and

Utah. The fees they pay will be placed upon the shelves of our

MARIE ING A B.NEWSPAPERLARSEN, LIBRARYREPRODUCTIONATTENDANT,IN READTHE utilized for the purposes mentioned. Library as fast as funds will permit.

RECORDAK LIBRARY PROJECTOR.

recognized as media for preservation of records in the future. Records of the decennial censuses of the

United States occupy a mile of shelving. These are being photographed

at the rate of 45 volumes per week.

The entire census of 1840 has been completed and the census for 1850 is well under way. Copies of these

films can be purchased at 10c a foot.

Thus the census of Utah for 1850 (the first ever taken of our state) %&A&rJ Shti*,jS&-* dJnf, - would cost $3.50, covering 350 feet

of film. THIS IS A MICROFILM REPRODUCTION (RtDUCED) OF THE UPPER PART OF TWO PAGES OF

["ocal county and church records THE EDINBURGH CONFERENCE RECORD.

are being filmed. One commercial organization has completed Those already having membership, It is not too much to envision a time

photographing all the books puband those who desire to contribute in the not distant future when the lished in England before 1550. From more than the actual membership life records of all our ancestors may

Australia comes word that a move fee, are urged to donate to the Book be available to searchers right in our is under way in London to photoFund of our Society. Since last May own Genealogical Library.

General Superintendency General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Presidency

I. A. Y. M. M. Q. MORRISI. A. 50SALTNORTHLAKEMAINCITY,STREETUTAH LUCYY. GRANTW. M. CANNON GEORGE

JOSEPH J. CANNON General Offices Y. W. M. I. A. HELEN S. WILLIAMS

GODDARD BUILDING VERNA W. BURTON FARNSWORTH

A. BEESLEY, CLARISSA CITY, UTAH KIRKHAM. SALT33 BISHOP'SLAKE OSCARK.A.

Secretary Executive to Committees Direct to General Offices Executive Secretary Send all Correspondence

"By love serve one another. For all the law is fulfilled in one word, even

in this: 'Thou shalt love thy neighbor asthyself'."-—Galatians 5:1314. TITLE CARD

author's the and write card name on a 232.9 instance, title. the for book, the Take B36 LifeB—Beecher,of Christ,HenryThe Ward1906 Christ, by Henry Life of Ward The

Beecher. Turn to the title page which

NEWS FLASH FROM thecontainsauthor,the andofficialthe titlenameofofthethe book,pubSNOWFLAKE lisher, etc. This first card is the author

HThe Snowflake Stake "Fall Roundcard. Your patron may know the title

up"was enjoyed October 1st at and not the author, or he may not know (Subject Heading should be written

Sundown Ranch, the home of Fred of any book especially but wants someor typed in red to distinguish it from and Wilma Turley. More than 150 thing on the life of Christ. You should Title Card.)

M. I. A. workers from nearly every provide in your index for at least these

ward came out to get acquainted with three needs—the title card and subject SUBJECT HEADING CARD

one another, to get more thoroughly enheading card and the author card.

lightened on the M. I. A. program and The patron may want to know the

to enjoy a Mutual Social. publisher of the book, where it is pub232.9 Life of Christ

After a short general session and lished and when, so from the title page B36 B—Beecher, H. W.

song fest the activity groups and leaders of the book you can get that much inLife of Christ, The met for about two hours of mutual formation. By H. W. Beecher N.

exchange of ideas and instruction. Now he may want to know how Harper and Brothers

The happy, hungry group then enjoyed many pages there are, how many vol- a weiner roast at sunset on the hill, folumes in a set, whether there are maps, lowed by campfire singing and skits. illustrations, portraits. Next month we shall consider several

At 7:30 all gathered at the Lodge for Remember that your card catalog is to things such as arranging the books on

a real Mutual social and dance. help your patrons get material and inthe shelves, training for the catalog,

Our feeling is that M. I. A. work has formation about books quickly. So if and rules for lending. If there are any

the most enthusiastic beginning ever there is anything else about the book questions from the field we shall be attained and that feeling of loyalty to that you think your people would want glad to answer them also.

the entire group will be carried through to know, put that on your cards. If

by every ward. your collection is small, this may seem

PRINTED SUMMARY OF JUNE berlike ofunnecessarybooks grows,work,it willbutbecomeas the nummoreCONFERENCE AVAILABLE difficult for you to remember what rr4duih the first time, the Boards General"Cor have, books begin well so you and Neslen, chairmen: C. A. Grace and your Axel Madsen published proreport of the a have Aurelia Stevenson, L. A. Dr. Richard L. Evans, will public successor your thank and

ceedings of the June Conference of you. Bennion, Gladys E. Harbertson.

It1938. appears bookas an attractive instead card catalog of a list of Alet and, as says, "It the foreward is LEADERSHIP MEETING enthe alphabetically arranged books

recall to todeavors those were who suggested will collection because your indicates of observation "\17ide one thepresent inspiration uplift of and title for to and each grow addbe v "new is to the greatest needs enrich ourthe to Conference to and June convey least will ed, three at you have new in meetings leadership stake monthlythose not able attend to were who to catalog, to cards to your add be effective. to our order more work make spirit of thesomething educasame and interfiled this easily cannot and you do is It that onethird the of suggestedtional benefit."of these Copies Sumif list. just a have you of the discussion to time be devoted fourmaries, for stake each have board, collection to Suppose your add you materials; to onethird study methods all sent to stakes,been also copies with Evans'Years Hundred MorOne of presentation; onethird to of moraleto missions. the three cards monism, have you new meeting*, leadership building. Monthly

CATALOGING OF BOOKS one under Evans, one under One Hungive each one the opportunity to give

By Aurelia Bennion dred Years, etc., and one under History and to receive.

Dy this time you have accessioned of L. D. S. Church. Dr. Farnsworth of the General Supyour books, you have prepared Your catalog cards for the book Life erintendency has suggested nine techyour books for circulation and have of Christ by Henry Ward Beecher niques as subjects for consideration durclassified them. (See Era for August, should look like these illustrations ing the coming year in monthly stake

September, and October, 1938.) Now, leadership meetings as follows:

isthe thing next to provide a way by AUTHOR CARD I. Organizing Adult Groups. user (aswhich your or speak we shall

to of A. Committees (3 5).of find hereafter) him your patron can Beecher, Henry Ward 1. attendance. Membership and if quicklyout certain have a book you Life of Christ

2. all kinds. Social:in collection find the to and where Beecher it Henry Y. N. Ward 3. of to hobbies survey Promotion call shelves the theon number. Harper Brothers 1906 by using and

others class members and and 125 p. a of the author Suppose knows man recreative stimulate cultural

a book but isn't sure of the title but hobbies.

can recognize it if he sees it. You will 4. Study groups.

..

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1938

II. Preparing an Assignment. IX. A Planned Interview. made out two of the transfer cards that

A. Leader. Where one asks questions and another your ward president will give you and

authority) them. answers (as an Office? sent to the General Board them to see its genin advance class A week the with come in Then may girls they sometimes leave home, When eral for pattern assignment and questions and answers.

I. affiliate the A. in with do not M. aim; determine preview and

1. Make outline of essentials. their new wards. These are the ones

2. Reflect (ponder them during we wish to keep in touch with, that

week) they may be made to feel at home by 3. List illustrative materials. Semozs the Gleaner class which they should

further authority 4. Get attend. L. and maDr. chairmen; Brockbank. L. Daines and Hazel

terials text. beyond Polly Vella Dr. R. Hardy. George H. Hansen, Your finance committee for the ban-

H. Wetzel. is appointed quet and undoubtedly B. Member. so trying to hard, raise money working members of the Senior Committee "Phe

early in as possible: the week As girl's ticket least part of that at each a great to express sorrow our wish

1. essential of outline Make for. thought paid you Have be may of in the passing the over highway points. after sale Mutual? of having a cupcake eternity great into the of our progress 2. these Reflect {ponder during

week) friend and coworker, Harrison R. MerOr how about a "White Elephant Sale"

of just for the girls? second- a sale Or 3. rill. application. feel keenly Make and his absence We only can pay if you hand 4. books? Even List illustrations. his conunderstanding miss kind and

tributions to our department work. His ten cents on each ticket, it will mean

III. Presenting girls. the deal to to a great of us counsel helped each a Lesson by Lecture—advice and Speaker. Guest arousing interest both of As a means see the a clearer view and with problem

outline es- A. Leader aim make and meeting, in in leadership class the and to wisely. plan more

sential lecidea then outside have inviting the of whole thought have you feel turer reading that the alSenior group. "address"Then We class to to these monthly come Gleaner

questions written to asked, low be this season, for course Utah book if is there workable meetings? This to leader board, on handed in is timely as Sings, are happy most and for Gleaners, the are stake leaders two lecturer etc. is talking, offering for the to enjoyment your you for the the for and one manual one

loved, encouraged, of those he the give group will IV. Lesson by Leader Talks Through and poetry A large sing to and stimulated on. He Pictures, Slides, Charts, Visual Aids: inspiration encourwas ever activities.activity leader and

Graphs, Drawings, etc. ready with hand extended, pointing the agement and most of the girls enjoy

giving necesstep the higher a and way

Panel. V. Lesson by lift poets struggling to sary those who going. suggestions a are but few These to select sit three Leader to to seven inspiration. needed Committee. Gleaner your from You in half circle front leader with at

let departSenior season each This just to will undoubtedly know how of class.

Leader introduce theme or problem. ment each week begin with the reading handle your own individual classes and

Panel members to list subproblems, of a poem from Utah Sings and a short problems. But if at any time we may be

definitions, etc. sketch of the contributing poet, so that of service to you, just let us know.

Then by leader calling on members every Senior will learn to understand We are always wishing you well and or by informal response, members and appreciate poetry and our own hoping that we may help in some way.

wrestle with problem To find best poets better.

solution.

May let whole group have part of time for question or further coniloieu tributions.

John D. Giles, chairman; M. Elmer Christensen.

VI. Lesson by Symposium.

C. Jensen, has Leader those assigned Stewart, Helena sit with NixonKatie chairman;W.FredaLarson,Jensen,FlorenceGrace SPECIAL EXPLORER PROJECTS leader in semicircle at front. B. Pinnock.

The leader indicates problem and isXJine items suggested for special consue. Each assigned member disTn Gleaner work our seasons are a bit y sideration of Explorer Commiscusses his issue in strictly limited topsyturvy. In the fall we plant sioners and Troop leaders have been

time. and in the spring we harvest, but in announced by the Explorer Committee

inAfter all assigned are preevery members have Board. These knowlof season we the General

sented the issues chalthe group glean—gleanfriends. regular edge, experience, with and to be correlated tended

lenges has what been said or conprograms District, and ward Council, now, and is well on its Mutual way tributes further ideas. Explorer of of the schedule as a part soil, climbing feet are up your on firm

VII. Making Book Reports. heights to true happiness. Already you activities. These projects are:

A. Book reports can be cut to half have held a Comradery Night and spent 1. Cooperation with the Aaronic PriestPlan. ExExtension through the new hood the time. recitation Truth. of Treasures evening with one

are leaders and plorer Commissioners these experiences? enjoyed B. Select you Have that deals with a book possible in every cooperate to way urged

theme. in shining beau- a landmarks they Are Extension Priesthood Aaronic with the C. Have lesson issues presented in tiful year? We hope so and we ask Committees for the purpose of attracting

half time. you right now to start planning for to and holding in our program every posThen have good reviewer give your next Comradery Night. Appoint sible young man of Explorer age. In adbook report in remaining time. committees and be prepared to enjoy dition Commissioners and leaders are urged

D. Both groups must learn the imanother fine evening together. and expected to do everything within their

Priestin their interest to Explorers power portance of holding to time, which whether you you know now By acother Church and work will hood Quorum at time should be determined sheaf. your of bind you Did ward know tivities. assignments. making

girl of that Gleaner every the 87 over had wards Explorer Mormon Trek 2. The

VIII. Promoting LeisureOut-ofClass- Proage enrolled in M. I. A. last year? You Pioneer Trail as a special project. The

jects. can do it too. Let the membership last 36 miles of the Pioneer Trail from

to designated Salt been have Henefer Lake girl visit—Crafts Hobbies every committee name whose—

special this regfor Trek. Explorer Only Socials. at minutes tew any is realize roll her BeautificationA not on the and make 15 are of years istered Explorers over age these, well given meeting might be of the welfare is to she important how this officially in participate to permitted entire three or four meetings and class. the I. application project. at the A. Upon M. the will during spent. well be year

These can also be promoted excelHave you had any girls leave your office complete information will be furnished, lently during the summer. ward for any reason? If so have you {Continued on page 688)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 193 8

feel a (Continued M. page 687) from

including the Trail. of whenI. theyA. Explorersbecome socialmindedhave reachedand,the norage sincere,joy in livingand happyand ingirls—girlsserving. who Each a sketch map

group, which should not be large, probably mally, are having their first social experiThe lesson manual You and Your Light three to five Explorers, is expected to regences. Much depends upon the manner in is delightful. The title is actually fasciister before making the trip, and to make which they are ushered into social life. nating and the contents inspiring. I'm sure

a report when the trip is concluded. Proper guidance here is a part of the Exthese lessons will appeal to the girls if we

3. The Theme Project—Safety. "Serplorer Leader's responsibility, particularly prepare the work definitely and present it

vice to others through safety projects"is in the L. D. S. Church. effectively, remembering that humility and

the theme for the year of the Explorers, in 9. Vanball for Explorers is rapidly takprayer are necessary in our work.

harmony with the general M. I. A. theme, ing its place in Church athletic activities, The girls also enjoyed the discussion on

"By love serve one another. For all the law alongside basketball for Explorers. The tobacco and liquor. As there was no

is fulfilled in one word, even in this: Thou intermountain finals for the past two years Explorer group in our ward last year, we

shalt love thy neighbor as thyself."Every particularly have been thrillers. Interest had class discussion on a number of given

Latterday Saint Explorer Troop is exthis year is greater than ever. The finals problems and of articles, stories, adverpected to carry out the purpose and spirit to be held about the last week in February tisements, etc., which had been gathered

of the theme during the season. Safety prowill reach the high mark of interest in Vanby members of the class. Some of the girls

jects in homes, schools, churches and comball. Sixteen teams will participate, reprewere especially interested in and concerned

munities are recommended. (See Merit senting the various Councils. about the marijuana problem, so that was

Badge studies in Safety in Log of the Exalso included in the discussion. In addiplorer Trail No. 8, page 156.) In addition, this subject was taken as the theme for

tion original safety projects may be de- a Sunday Sacrament Meeting program, veloped by individual troops or districts. which was prepared and presented by the

4. Birdhouses for Temple Square. A Junior Girls.

request has been made by President Joseph In activities, our drama project was the *2Umiou of chairman; Salt Square C. Josephson, Cannon Marba Mission in Temple Lucile T. Buehner, most outstanding. For presentation we

Bennett. Warnick. Emily H. Angelyn for a to of birdhousesLakeJ. number be chose two oneact plays. These gave ten

placed in early the girls on Square Temple of the enrolled twelve act. to a chance of the story Aladremember

spring. Explorers in the anywhere girls Church these ten three only Of prevhad his to magic rub but had \\o din—whoyou toare invited birdhouses send make I'll ious and in I experience drama. admit had miraculous marvelous and lamp and in.them suitable for Those most Temple the doubted in of use drama Junior our

it Is true not to happened him? will selected,Square 20. things to be 15 probably it, program, but I'm to converted at least

Suitable recognition will be given to Troops also with our own lights? We have on alternate years so each Junior Girl will

individualsand birdhouses are to whose the dust that rub but and have experience. them—remove

selected. sent should to Houses be Y. presentation M. the of for The shine us plays they and was very tarnish—and I. A., Street, 50 SaltM. North Lake Main good. permitted sell to were tickets life others We so marvelously becomes

City, Utah. in this and not only financed way we our of a thing dreams and wonder thatjoy—our is Junior Festival It Party but suggested donated that learn participants $6.00 not happen. come Why true—miracles to help a buy birds for tray new Sacramentwhat migrate the to the Salt area Lake this lessons year with dramatize our ward. spring,each of kinds what houses they are

stories "light"? such on for plans activities this toattracted Junior year other are similar My and information

that will help them in providing suitable Why not, also, think through your rather elaborate, but by activity and service, houses. Such study will provide an inwork for the whole year, plan it month I hope to vitalize the girls'testimonies of the

Gospel. Interesting using project a for variety activities, of entire an Troop. month, Birdby by day week week—day hope each we Girl will Juniorhouses submitted the contain have some may and name responsibilities thus and—distributeby special interest in the of the if Juniornumber for built program Troop and an by that splendid such "manager"a become

the year.individual, his also. name is worries halved, more your your work

5. or These hopes are: aims of the Legend Arrowhead. record A increased fun halved, than your and 1. girlin Every greater a picture testimony and word of troop activities of and

every nature is one of the best tradition tenfold? greater understanding of the Gospel.

builders and troop motivators. An ExWhy not dig into the lesson on 2. Every Junior Girl a tithepayer.

plorer record, or "Log"in the L. D. S. liquor, planned for this month, right 3. Every girl given a chance to participate in a program, play,Church, is called its of "The vision of Legend the get not the Arnow? Why

4. Perfect classrowhead."attendance. troops are providing Many girls to early a the etc. We are scope and ask do

awardingdecidedly Junior interesting pins to individual girls valuable and records little investigating of their own—to having perfect will record, in increasewhich will as value and years by. give addigo in false estimate bring advertising—to tional class of the in case award 6. Log 8. Explorer Trail attendance No. The 100% acof their people young many how is reached.guide book in of Exploring the L. S. D.Church is Log of the Explorer Trail No. quaintance are beginning to drink—to 5. Each girl to read as much as she can of

8, new this year. It is invaluable to every try to find out why—to discover means the New Testament.

Explorer Commissioner, leader or comof helping them? I intend to motivate the projects and

mitteeman. It deals in the with following organization, ways: in probright ideas activities not your send Why

grams, 1. projects, explorations, Story. expeditions, My the suggestions to Junior and Comvocational a. guidance, having Merit a former studies, stake By Junior badge it act as mittee a "clearing so cansource materials leader, and other topics interesting has a with most who which from have some Nebo thatWeleaders it must be in familiar to bring book, to order the classes. suchouse."be

this prepared paper Stake month—acessful. b. having a larger classroom so By

7. Reading Course Book. A $6 book for our convention. We think you will tables and materials can be brought

written especially for young men of Exagree that it is a fine contribution and work done during classtime after plorer age but which, apparently because inspiring, helpful, practical. some of our short lessons.

of its title and original price, was not a c. By giving girls a chance to discuss and

is seller,""best to Explorers now available the HIGHLIGHTS OF THE JUNIOR showfrequently.the progress they are making readingon course postage, for $1 plus PROGRAM

through the cooperation of the Deseret Book ByCo. Edith Bauer, 2. Questiond. CompleteBox.my own book.

Message and Characters of the Book of Fourth Ward, Nebo Stake a. By making a special box for this puris interseries the most is a of hero and adventure pose.Mormon

that the girls gives periodstories from have b. the early TO estingME Juniorand importantGirl age book By using it as a means of clarifying

history of this continent. Here are some in this process of "growing up."Often it lessons.

of the chapter headings: Two Thousand is a difficult time because of the conflicts c. By helping girls with special problems.

Boy Scouts, Stranger Than Fairyland, The girls have in acquiring independence (which 3. Reading Course and Retold Story.

Secret of Success, Story of the Buried is only a sign of maturity). We should a. By using retold story as an added

Swords, Who is the American? Archers remember that girls should be helped to activity.

from the Towers, the Miracle Man. gain physical, religious, social, psycho- b. Madame Curie will be presented in

8. Social activities with Junior Girls. In logical, and financial independence. All of retold story form. Book and digests

Log of the Explorer Trail No. 8 will be these are necessary if a girl is to be happy. will be available to girls who want

found suggestions for a limited program "Joyous Juniors"is a term we should keep to read them.

of social activities with Junior Girls of the in mind, for we aim to develop buoyant, c. By utilizing retold story project and

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1938 our Junior chorus in a Sunday night program to be presented during December or January, d. By stressing the reading and telling of

stories found in the New Testament.

4. Junior Chorus.

a. To unify group.

b. One of our older (second year) girls

will be used as accompanist. In asking

her to do this I'm sure she is going to be more interested in our Junior class.

c. To offer a means of serving in Mutual

and ward activities.

5. Social Dancing.

a. Hope to use this activity for a half

hour once a month, probably second

Tuesday. b. Have a Christmas dancing party if

possible. 6. Girls are devising means to enlarge our

fund so we can purchase Sacrament tray we began saving for last year.

7. Last but not least two or three jolly,

informal parties.

It is my sincere hope that through Junior work we shall be able to give the girls a testimony of the Gospel and add to their selfconfidence and happiness—that we may

inspire them to enjoy the beauties of life and the blessings of the Gospel.

Ethel S. Anderson, chairman; Margaret N. Wells.

Bertha K. Tingey, Ilcen Ann Waspe, Lucy T.

Andersen, Caroline Adams.

VC7e are delighted with the work of *"the District and Stake BeeKeep- ers in organizing and carrying forward the District Institutes. Much valuable

training has been given. Especially

beneficial has it been to the inexperienced BeeKeeper. Districts which

have not sponsored such institutes should do so soon as possible.

. If you have not organized into Stake

and District Swarms, will you kindly do so. The weak or inexperienced can

be assisted by the experienced, and exchange of methods and ideas is of much value. We receive inspiration from one

Weanother.hope youIn unionwill assistthereallisBeeKeep-strength.

ers who have not filled the Ranks to do so. Check with them and make sure

they have their equipment. The time

has come when we must be experts, full of enthusiasm and inspiration, to impart the same to the splendid BeeHive Girls in our keeping. As they

1. Canadian "Radio"Missionaries: Ray H. Barton,

Violinist; August Brough, vocalist; Edna Ashby,

vocalist; Harold W. Blackmore, yodeler and speaker.

2. President 0. F. Ureenbach addressing a group

at the M. I. A. Convention of the French Mission.

Sister Ursenbach at his right (see page 691).

3. President and Sister Ursenbach with a group of

missionaries at John Calvin's grave (see page 691).

4. Annual Sunday School picnic, Aalborg Branch,

Danish Mission. Aalborg is the second oldest

in branch Nov. 15, 1S50, GeorgeScandinavia—organizedP. Dykes. by Elder

5. "Utah Ambassadors"quarter: left to right, Ray

H. Barton, Leroy S. Fairbanks, Raymond J. Pace,

Reece B. Gibb.

6. District M. I. A. Convention, French Mission

(see page 691).

7. A group of Gleaner Girls with President Wood and

Venus W. Lnfkin taken while at the Cardston

Temple, July 30. The group covered fifteen hundred miles by bus to spend the day at the Temple.

Les S. du Douhs. Saut

9. WendellBrenets—LeC. Day, Accordion Player, Canadian Mission.

10. Dunedin Basketball Team, New Zealand National

Champions, coached by a Mormon missionary, Del

M. Beecher (front, center, seated).

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1938

Mutual Messages THE STORY OF HYMNS OUR fill their Ranks, have the record them (Concluded page from 676) the world; of a House has the Lord their build andwork Honey Comb I of religion I excused myself. when have built been and have many set in the up come Band. must example all written in Wethe nearly or quite spirone thousand

things. itual hymns and sacred songs, now in manuto the mountain to serve the Lord and Theme Project—"I will taste the script entitled "Zion's Songster, or the learn his ways, in order to save

sweetness of service by neighborly acts Songs of Joel,"a few of which have been themselves and work out salvation for children."Some interesting ways published in the Church works. for their dead.

the presenting of above theme have Brother died Johnson September There or inis no special dramatic presented at conventions been and in24, 1883, at Johnson, Utah. cident attached stitutes. writing to the of this

Won't you kindly send a copy of hymn, but "High on the Mountain your songs, playlets, on the Theme to The Hymn Top"is truly a song of the restorathe General Board Office, 33 Bishop's a T-TiGH on the Mountain Top"tion, a clarion call to the nations.

Building? take can them to Then we

fine stakes other a and have exchange of is essentially a missionary call, The Tune suggestions. one to be expected from the pen of

Some Stake BeeKeepers use the first such a staunch preacher of the GosHPhe tune of "High on the Mounhalf of the hour of Leadership Meeting pel as Joel H. Johnson. He no doubt tain Top"was composed by

to check with the Ward BeeKeepers had in mind the promise recorded in Ebenezer Beesley* and was publishon their cellfilling. Isaiah 2:2, 3. ed in all the editions of The LatterOne Stake has worked out a monthly And it shall come to pass, in the last days, day Saints Psalmody under the title

report system on the following items to that the mountain of the Lord's house shall of "Deseret,"the name under which established in the of the be top mountains,help bring the general up of standards stateof the people sought Utah all hills; shall exalted be the and above andefficiency all in the wards in is early days. hood The hymn it. shall nations flow unto enrolled. Number titled first its line in by keeping now shall people say, and go many And Come attended. Number

let ye, with the the to us of custom. and go up Brother mountain modern in not enrolled. Number ward the to of the the of Lord, Jacob; house God in Beesley very happy was comof meetings. Number will his teach of us he and ways, and we fits a that posing tune so the words of correlated guides preNumber will in shall his for of paths; out walk Zion

sented. go forth the law and the word of the Lord well. It has a martial swing that is

Number who applied the year's from Jerusalem. especially effective with male voices

Theme. and sung by five thousand when find to the Johnson's key Here we

Cells, of BeeLines, Number and in the Salt of Priesthood the men scripture the follows very He filled.Honor Badges is City indeed Tabernacle, Lake hill Zion's banner on Are to date? lines.closely—a Honey up Combs thrilling. to world. the waves warns and The have many Combs? How Honey

sketch of Beesley the life of Ebenezer was *A short in Number of Seals, BeeLines, and promise has been fulfilled—the light published 1938, Era, February, Improvement The

Honor Badges awarded. of truth has attracted the gaze of and Jenson's Biographical Encyclopedia, Vol. 1, p. 789.

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS [Concluded from page 652) earthly father of Jesus. At one time he declared of times, i. e., the dispensation of all the times that have been

(Journal of Discourses, Vol. 1, page 238) "I beandand willfrombeChristrevealedto throughthe end himof allfromthe thedispensationsbeginning tothatChrist,are

lieve the Father came down from heaven, as the to be revealed.... This then is the nature of the Priesthood;

Apostles said he did, and begat the Savior of the every man holding the Presidency of his dispensation, and

World; for he is the Only Begotten of the Father, one man holding the Presidency of them all, even Adam.

which could not be if the Father did not actually [History of the Church, Vol. 4, p. 207.]

occasion another Smith the Prophet Joseph On in person."beget occasion another him (JourOn

further: Discourses, Vol. 2, page he said, 42) nal of Priesthood he obtained was first given to Adam; "And statedThe what shall we say of our Heavenly Father? He First Presidency, and held the keys of it from generationthe

is also a man in perfection, and the father of the to generation. He obtained it in the Creation, before the

1:26, in formed, as 28. world Genesis 27, dominwas had He father the of our spirits."Jesus Christ, and man

.. living creature. ion given over every him Father Our offer to that unnecessary It seems evidence more

call will his Michael, children together prepare. and Adam,

Brigham Young held the accepted doctrine of the them for the coming of the son of man. He (Adam) is the

Church, that God, the Father, and not Adam, is father of the human family, and presides over the spirits of the earthly father of Jesus. all men, and all that have had the keys must stand before him

in this grand council.... The Son of man stands before

In all this, President Young merely followed the him, and there is given him glory and dominion. Adam

established doctrine of the Church. Joseph Smith delivers up his stewardship to Christ. (History of the Church,

the Prophet, in discussing the Priesthood, touched Vol. 3, p. 385.)

upon the position of Adam. The perspective of years brings out the remark-

[The Priesthood] commencing with Adam, who was the able fact, that, though the enemies of the Latterfirst in man, of as is spoken the Daniel being of who "Ancient in access, day to printed form, Saints have had first Days", or the all, in other words, oldest of the great, and of discourses of the hundreds Young, Brigham it grand progenitor in of is said is another place he whom

Michael, because he was the first and father of all, not only only half a dozen statements have been useful to by progeny, but the first to hold the spiritual blessings, to the calumniators of the founder of Utah. Of these,

the plan was of made ordinances whom for the known salthe of April sermon 9, 1 852, which quoted has been vation posterity of his the to unto end, and Christ was whom frequently, presents errors most fact or of docno first revealed, through and Christ has been revealed whom from heaven, and will continue to be revealed from hencetrine, if read understandingly and honestly.

forth. Adam holds the keys of the dispensation of the fulness—/. A. W.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1938

Mutual Messages M. I. A. "MARCHES ON"

By Lowell Jancey, French Mission

HPhe 26th of June, 1938, concluded a "most successful M. I. A. season in

the "Suisse"district of the French Misouting. a sion very successful with <zl,-*0 one of Mk occasion this memorable For the most picturesque settings in this A #tw

beautiful land of mountains and lakes was chosen very close to the French border "Le Sout du Doubs"(Falls of the Doubs), near John Calvin's burial Csfc place. From one of his statements SSJrmany Saints received the impulse to

live right: "My life is my monument, let no stone mark the place."

Members and friends from four branches in Switzerland and from one in France were present at this gathering, 120 arriving by bus from Geneva. Farewell remarks were made by 1839NAUV00 CENTENNIAL1939

President and Mrs. O. F. Ursenbach.

Next year marks the one hundredth anniversary of the founding of Nauvoo, where the willing hands of Joseph Smith

Saints his Latter built a thriving metropolis of band of Day The Protestors of and Illinois people out of a wilderness in six short 20,000 swampy

Christendom years. There, and along the 1300mile route of the Mormon trek

{Continued from page 660) to Utah, soul stirring history was made.

however, continued to preach in the

Bethlehem chapel. John XXIII now During 1939, thousands of Mormons will be joined by

put Huss under the ban and, when thousands of historicallyminded people in visiting Nauvoo and

Huss continued to preach, the pope the time hallowed spots nearby. Thus, a unique and unparalleled

laid Prague under the interdict and chapter of American history will be revived for the inspiration cited Huss to appear in Rome. of all who come and see.

In September, 1411, Huss wrote to John XXIII that he was in full Happily, the Burlington Railroad not only serves the Nauvoo agreement with the Church and no district in Illinois, but also parellels the Mormon Trail for hunheretic but, when in the same year dreds of miles across Iowa, Nebraska and Wyoming, passing

John XXIII proclaimed a crusade through or close to such Mormon shrines as Mount Pisgah, of and Naples against Ladislaus Kanesville, Winter Quarters, Scotts Bluff, Rebecca Winters'to enindulgences all who promised fleet of fine, fast trains, gaged in it, by enlisting or by the Grave, Fort Laramie and Fort Caspar. A

making of gifts, Huss denounced the including the dieselpowered, streamlined Zephyrs, are at the war and contested the pope's right service of pilgrims en route to and from Nauvoo.

to grant indulgences in connection with the crusade.

JR. The pope's bulls, proclaiming the A.PassengerCOTSWORTH,Traffic Manager

to indulgences offering crusade and Burlington Route Burlington take part, were should those who publicly dishonored and then burn547 W. Jackson Boulevard

ed. The king, aroused by the conChicago, Illinois

tempt in which the papal bulls had been held, had three men who had openly denounced the bulls as lies,

Their burned. bodies were taken Great English Poets chapel. to Huss's ATTEND Though Huss disclaimed the doc- "I'dIF I readHADa ITlittleTOpoetryDO OVER,every day.saidTheDarwin,heart of Culture Provo School Beauty his arrest it."to him, trines as needs your arimputed For convenience have we School the is Kept The Promise Where pocketsize in ten ranged books a beautiful archto the delivery a heretic and 1st 11 East No., Provo, Utah that so container, take you poet one may also the ordered bishop and was Life's for income investment a meager list. at A a time read as These and you handy

destruction of the Bethlehem chapel. books contain the masterpieces of Shakespere, Fill in coupon lor further

Huss "had against him the archMilton, Keats, Tennyson, Wordsworth, Browninformation or bishop, the university (of which at ing, Burns, Pope, Byron, Goldsmith. Phone No. 2

one time he was rector ), the clergy, POSTPAID ONE DOLLAR. It's the new way

and the curia, but popular feeling of pleasant progress.

remained in his favor and prevented Progressive Readers of America the papal sentence being carried Salt Lake City, Utah

The advertisers merit your patronage. Mention the "Era"when you buy. 691

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1938

The Protestors of summonedcil of ConstanceHuss toand,attendat thetheCounsame Alexander'sas John XXIII.death, succeeded him

Christendom time, promised him safeconduct. The proceedings of the council

altogether not uninfluenced were by the circumstances To understand (Continued from page 691) fear: the consideration of during a under appeared which Huss at Con- 4

out."Huss appealed from the pope stance, as he thought, to defend his minor matter on the 17th of May,

to the judgment seat of Christ. belief, it is necessary to go back to "an Englishman was rash enough to

The king now persuaded Huss to the Council of Pisa, of which the dissent from the general opinion and retire from Prague, which had been Council of Constance was a continthe incongruity seemed so great that laid under the interdict. While exuation. they expelled him and put him in

: city,iled the he wrote from "What that pretext prison the under he had not Great Schism had been The

ifshall Lord's] lose [the for His we in part take to the counmandate no healed. There popes two were who friends, forfeit the wealth,sake we cil; did permit then they but why elected the had been by same life? this honors, poorworld's and sit in to council? the then him From cardinals; each excommunicated had to It is die better well than to... to limited on, the proceedings were his his together with opponent obesin to avoidlive not dare badly. registering the the promulgation or We dience; the of the and whole West also death."* ofthe punishment He in the of decisions taken advance by excommunication. under Both was the ecclesia (Concerningwrote De officers council of carthe the or by officers popes church and named

) national in of synod a viewChurch all in dinals. sat of Prelates ranks both courts. maintained expensive

it in the read Bethand had(1413) their council the conformed and the of Testament one and The New folchapel. the advancedlehem He in opinions to a determined program "distinguishing four "notes"or 7."uni- "catholic". views:.lowing means advance the of true are marks Church"

is ofversal. church the unity The to the ambassadors German The "If agreed: one, are not you you

faith. grace, charity,the unity of and council of Pisa the asked, can "How are situation mine."not was The all preare includes church whoThe colleges the cardinals [of of the two unbearable.

living dead. to saved, bedestined and at at of the Avignon and pope pope it? to But remedy how there of no years were hundredsFor at [as Pisa] together meet Rome] failed to recognized or pope The existcardinals, the church can and the of since the cardinals of only one civil tried recognize to and depose Christ cardinals pope.without and legitimate are the others popes and rival rulers, esthe whereupon pope 8 rock, not thecalled Himself and not."are ambassadors German The the of the cause poused deposed thePeter, church was on which left for reply waiting a Pisa without ruler, Cardinals, plan devised a who... bishopfounded. Roman "The leave. taking without and for controlling action the of the bishequality other with an onwas it that council declared had The tortured, pope, imprisoned, "were until him Constantineops made universal the represented church and finally to death."'put and It to that he then beganpope. was cardinals, the that matter whether no pope, the Urban Roman When authority."denouncedusurp He proor of Avignon, of should Rome it died, his cardinals VI, was hoped in unchristian bulls as pope'sthe to election pope. of the a ceed new at recognize the would Avigpopespirit to obeyed. not be and He the already two deposed had They non, VII, proceedthey but Clement right to the pope's summondenied existing a popes. second and A of election to the Boniface ed IX; and or to another people on warone all the third of decree declared it died, Clement hoped VII when was fact In indulgences. grant manyto the bulls decrees of of both and his that cardinals recognize would if the of the judgment againstpopes—and those had deposed popes who to IX, but Boniface proceeded they correct, ofcouncil Constance for null void. to unity be and worked elect XIII. as Benedict Peter de Luna isthis true of John all, XXIII—whowas of In Gregory's cardfourteen at Boniface followed IX was themindulgences, weregranted inals of Benoit's ten were and his Innocent and, on by VII Rome sin. inselves mortal present. death, XII. Gregory by infallibility of the attacked Huss this says: procedure, Hefele Of Efforts to the get Avignon both errors, all Huss's of but pope,the elecmatter the unanimous how "No resign to the and and popes Roman

( of the University rector ofGerson diffiit [of tion Alexander V], was single election thus of the permit a at of theParis adversary Huss and title cult legitimate to give the of him failed. pope, Gregory However, wrote: council of Constance)the council authority the of a on pope cardinals to create XII decided new

is perilous the proposition most"the entire the called neither Church, by lost the of the support thereby and is living in deadlythat a man who legitimate nor pope, but the by by in cardinals already Colthe Sacred authoritysin not and have may right cardinals subto no had who ( lege. cardinals the These Roman Christian men. overdominion And stitute for XII, recognized Gregory at cardinals the Avignon met now

isthis proposition, wellknown, as to as that legitimate the time up call council to Livorno a decided and to from passed Husshas down Wycof part the [by pope West]. And the at in 5 Pisa with to 1409 do away

thislif."proposition wonder if legitimate No asthe the pope, was he schism.

it dangerous. mostseemed Were him, not did sembly excluded which attend, invited to popes Both were

in mortal that true asadmitted men did take not suppress him and away his council of assembled but a each then authority, exercisesin not could his the [as character pope], and Pisa Council of deposed own. The

it that authorthe admitted be must electors of neither Alexander had schis- "notorious of as both them placedity of the been church had quality to to nor proceed an power elected heretics"matics and and in once. than jeopardy more illegal election, invalid."'both and archbishop Philargo, cardinal Peter

Cigismund, king of the Romans and of Milan, as Alexander V. AlexAs a matter of fact popes and anti7Hefele-Leclercq, Histoire des Conciles, vol. VII, I, heir of the throne of Bohemia, ander's election may have been pronote, p. 6.

4Schaff, The History of the Christian Church, vol. cured by Balthasar Cossa who, on 8HefeleLeclercq, Histoire des Conciles, vol. VII,

V, Histoire des Conciles, vol. VII, Hardt, BVanp. 367.der

vol. Church, Christian I. V.18. p.in 371.Schaff, History of the vol.eFunkCappadelta,II. p. 13. A Manual of Church History, p.1, 9HefeleLeclercq,note,16. p. 57

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1938

The Protestors of onlyestablisha generalpeace andcouncilbring couldaboutjherelatermund afterthat Johna conferenceissued a bullwithofSigiscon-

Christendom reformation of the Church. The vocation to the council. He invited

council was called to meet the folall princes and prelates to meet in popes had been chosen in various lowing year. The fortunes of warConstance on the first of November, kingsways: had seen make "One fare had gone against and he John 1414. and the emperor The pope

elect cardinals antipopes;popes, recourse had left but no to consent relative discussed matters to the then

this time the people were offered the to the council and the place of meetcouncil. The first session of the

lamentable spectacle of cardinals ing in the imperial city of Constance council was held in the cathedral of canonicalenervating foundation the council the where not would be unConstance the sixteenth of Novemthe ( ressort ) of far from council and der his control, but would ber, domibe 1414.

union, proproducing reform and nated by Sigismund. it council, the says, Funk "was Of at time that disunion aducing which

in histhe of 10 most memorable one Sigismund irreparable."addressed could believe invitationsone

in tory, sense and a parliament some immediately to ispope, the popes Alexander deposed new The V, by of the whole West.""the council of Pisa uniting col the (which decreessued two had also (To be Continued)leges of cardinals, and declaring elected John XXIII ) and to the king

valid all ordinations of bishops or of France to attend. It was only vol.FunkCappadelta,II, p. 15. A Manual of Church History,

other clergy "in favor of persons now adhering to the council"if they were performed before the council had deposed the two "pretenders,"the pope at Rome and the pope at Avignon. ROGRESS and FAITH The election by the council of Pisa

of a new pope, Alexander V, and the deposition of the two existing We have recently expended large sums of money in the purpopes did not end the schism: "there chase and installation of the latest type, most modern mawere now three popes: Benoit recchinery. This will enable us to improve working conditions for

ognized by Spain, Portugal, and our employees and to produce still better bakery products.

Scotland; Naples Gregory and by is an indication parts as well as of Italy,other by This expenditure of many thousands of dollars

King Robert and other princes of of our faith in our state and in America.

Germany; in spite of everything,

100 % homeowned concern. Our money is spent hereAlexander V [the new pope] still We are a

had the majority of Christianity for and our earnings stay here to build up Utah and the intermounhim."u tain empire. We do not take away from this area but put what

This favorable position of Alexwe can into building up and making permanent payrolls, ander was determined in part by the employing home people. force of arms. In December, 1409,

city ofthe was reconquered Rome Some of the improvements we have made include the latest thereafterfor him. Alexander Soon

died and Balthasar Cossa was electtype highspeed dough mixers, automatic scaling machines, ed as John XXIII to succeed him. refrigeration for cooling water to the proper temperature, airGregory XII (the Roman pope) cooling rooms for the aging of doughs sanitarily and scientificexcommunicated his adversaries, ally, large belt conveyors to proof the bread, proofing chambers

Benedict XIII at Avignon the pope in which bread is raised before it is baked and a most modern at Perpignan), residence (now in and the new pope John XXIII. In tray type bake oven. The bread is cooled in specially conorder to strengthen his position, John structed airconditioned rooms and sliced and wrapped by the

XXIII named fourteen new cardlatest type slicing and wrapping machines.

inals, most of them eminent and clever, among them Pierre d'Ailly, It is our constant endeavor to do whatever is necessary to proFrancois Zarabella, Guilaume Filvide the public with the finest products it is possible to produce.

astre, and Robert Hallum, bishop of

Salisbury, who were to play imROYAL BAKING COMPANY portant roles in the condemnation of

John Huss at the Council of Constance.

Though the obedience of John XXIII included more than half of the West, his position was weakened by the capture of Rome by LadisPresident laus of Naples (1413), and John appealed to the emperor Sigismund for lielp. the and mesmany letters To

mlduh UfUEATnnCHr want(lour.sages of replied Sigismund John, that LFINEw. '"mini"'*k.r iROYAfcFINE CAKES

10HefeIeLeclercq, Histohe des Conciles, vol. VII,

"3, note, p. 58. HEAP uHefeleLeclercq, Histoire des Conciles, vol. VI,

I, p. 68. ipciui Bin

Mention the "Era"when you buy these goods or services. 693

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1938

A PAGE FROM THE LIFE OF A BUSINESS MANAGER

(Concluded from page 665) in the mission field, and yet they have not the instrumentality of the Era, because its valuable instructions in the Era for ten stopped to reflect that with two dollars contents have always been of a missionary times the price of the subscription. Many they might have been educating that boy character.

complain that they can get a larger eastern for the labor he is to perform. It is holding The Era has no excuse for living only

paper for less, but this only shows that up not nickels but pennies in front of your as it shall be able to go as an instrument they do not know how to estimate real eyes, figuratively speaking, not to take the to preach, sustain and uphold the truths of value. Life eternal is the pearl of great Era in our homes in order to save two the Gospel of the Master as revealed to

price that we are after, and little if anything dollars. I believe that every bishop in the us through the Prophet Joseph Smith. It

to aid us in securing it is to be found in Church and every president of a stake and has been true to its calling. Era, May,

the eastern magazines, if they do print more every high councillor is under obligation 1912, Page 648.

this a missionary to see that missionary, that matter; is printed will but cause as much

gets into Era, Improvement his home. And at the conclusion of a most The this, greatest the us to lose of all God's

gifts to man. If the Era had done nothing successful fiscal year, 19361937,

but supply the Elders in the mission fields I want to say just this much in conclusion, the President wrote:

I that fifty the during never yet have years it free,with the the of magazine is worthy the for expression beyond I am delighted the time that the from president I was... made of allsupport Saints. the of Once

the the of people which young of the stake Tooele to support preached anything I resending love best wishes,more and

Associations, and Improvement Mutual the in Saints the Latterday stake, Tooele sincerely,main, presidents stake and bishops which and or to the public since of the I became one HEBER J. GRANT. the of Priesthood quorums, and members authorities, general that not I would do

general, giving are Church in Imto The I the myself. of was manager Imafter The a year he About became

the for grateful also provement Era. I am for years provement and years and Era ofPresident the President Church, of splendid advertisers. the patronage I dollar, never a got over and gave them these in theGrant remarks made first dollars for the a hundred year a few

opening address at the General Conyears of its organization in order to send It is a most gratifying thing that the ference, October 1919: a magazine free to the missionaries, and number of stakes and wards reaching their

greatly. quotas should increased have so I single one signed eight year over thousand If is all in there the any that Church home

In fact the that reported have wards some tab to on increase itdoes not the simply Era, have shows letters—kept it—trying

is into of going cent per hundred one Era the I subscriptions, and have been absothat there faith, the people in lacking are their homes, achievement should which be lutely disgusted with say, men who "Oh, that think they of dollars than more two for inspiration in the an every ward Church afford cannot dollars."two same The manI ofthey getting do communications from

to likewise, that influence the so go and do perhaps ten times would dollars spend twothe authorities of the Church, important and this of splendid be magazine Church for may coffee, tobacco, liquor. orsermons, are the which of than value more

felt in every Saint Latterday home. the bless all Lord of each. your and.. Maytea, thisthings of world.

I all all officers heart the thank with my efforts, and love have blessing vou and my the of Men's and Young Young Women's for in loyalty your are what doing, and you time, in another Con- a JuneAt in Associations Mutual every Improvement that be blessed you of abundantly may our ference address, 1931, the Presof stake of presidents stakes Zion, and the is Father, Heavenly prayer, humble and my said:ident bishops of and throughwards, workers and it in the I ask of Jesus. name Amen.

To me it is a reproach, a real genuine out the missions and throughout the entire theirreproach for every Latterday on of Saint splendid support our home In a statement to subscribers that I does not heartof Church,magazine; tender to have the Era. not and them I do my hesithe Era, the President May, 1912,tate that. earnestly to say felt thanks, pray Latterday Saints and HeavThe my

in one particular fulfill their obligation to said: enly Father to reward them with an inthe Spirit. almost Lord creased peace, of flow His beyond could what we May gives pleasure profit The Era to and

Iexcept. prosperity, all that sure happiness our of attend and am thousand mistwo faithful every of the member Church whosionaries require fifty forty for people good are working between Imand who The it; it reads has and inspire to a tendencydollars each to jourthe entire in the month throughout support them provement Era, every reader with to a desire his have field. life,mission little of raising eternity there ney That a and means be an may friends share the pleasure, same parandof million a dollars in store their of for that are a joy with year loved them we take spirit the of of the breathed Gospel

is forexpending life in missionary the to ones come, earnest work. most my from every page.

sincere prayer. and Era, June, page 1937, I I think that not do exaggerNow am the the beginning From has done Era 341. theating I least particle that the when say especially in valuable service free supplying

very finest missionary we have in the copies to the missionaries.... All of our HEBER J. GRANT.

todayChurch Improvement Era, is The and subscribers feel must a justifiable pride that to sayI am sorry in many homes men the fact that they their have been doing in And so the President, through are called missions upon the father where in full share the accomplishment of this twoscore years, more than has theand mother sacrifices wonderful make but great subscribing work by for the magazine, himself, out letters and sent fithave never seen to this in have magazine while at the full worked same time receiving the their home. They will spend between forty value in reading matter for themselves. of appreciation for the work of

and fifty dollars a month for two years The magazine has been a powerful instruothers, to advertisers, to contributors, or two and a half to support a young man ment for good in the hands of the missionto subscribers, and to field workers.

aries in not only preaching the Gospel support, such the with With and3 truths, but in providing for openings >;xx x=><)cxx=xxrxox=x xrx>o< ><cxxrx>cxO the Era's service record the of to own Elders themselves to deliver their message x

to people to whom otherwise, perhaps, Church, the Era has officially be- 5 tafj=3baf)o cfjooi 5 they would not have gained access. By come "the organ of the Priesthood

&uppl|> Co. doingthis meansgood everymissionarysubscriberwork.to the Era is quorums, Mutual Improvement As-

j | sociations, Department of Educa- $ Over 40 years of service to $ The Lord states in a revelation to the tion, General Music Committee, and

Q the intermountain territory. D Prophet Joseph and Oliver Cowdery: other agencies of the Church of

if it "And so be that Christ Saints,"of Latterday labor all Jesus you should in crying days this repentance unto5 Everything for Office and 5 your Improvement ( see The Era, November, 1937, page 693) and, under thex School"ocnooi ifx people,me, howandgreatbring,will savebe yourit bejoyonewithsoulhimuntoin the kingdom of my Father?"—Doctrine and editorship of President Grant and$ CHURCH AND SEMINARY B Covenants, 18:15. Dr. Widtsoe, has become a printed

5 FURNITURE 5 somethingEvery subscriberin this line.to the Era has done "Voice of the Church,"even unto

| Salt Lake City, Utah | soulsI havehaveno beendoubtbroughtwhateverto buta knowledgethat many theon theoutpostsmastheadof Zion,whichascarriesindicatedthis

C>O<>O<)O<)O<>O<>O<)O<)O<>O<>O0O<>O<>c0 of the Gospel in a large measure through designation.

694 Patronize the advertisers who support your magazine.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1?93 8

at her jabbing Fiery pokers were pressBECKONING ROADS shoulder. hard Something was

(Continued from page 667) Nancy was in a room with no wining against it. Why could she not

tried pain and a searing She move? and but door. There one was no lips. beaudows her her heart to a What her. her heavily, Slowly, through to shot rushed through air. She the door tiful this wasdusty old place world

and the valley! She knew there wasn't find herself in a similar room but smaller eyelids fluttered open. They stared

another like it in the world. As she and more stifling. Panicstricken, she about vacantly then focused on a white

passed the road that lead to Pete's rushed out into another and another, face that was whirling about her.

place she brought her car to a jarring each one smaller and more stifling than "Don't move."

stop. Why not go now and tell him? the last. She threw up her arms for Nancy blinked hard. There were

Tell him at last she knew her way. protection but the walls closed upon two faces now.

Tell him she would wait a year, two her. One hit her shoulder. Another "She will be all right."That voice

years, any time. It had been so long was crushing her chest. Then from came crisply, distinctly. She heard

since she had seen him. the suffocating intensity she heard footsteps retreating. A panic seized

A sudden overwhelming fear clutched voices. From far away someone said, her.

her. Suppose Pete didn't care any "Hold it while we pull her out."Her "Don't leave me."

longer? Suppose he had found somechest was free but the dark room was "I am here."

But one else? that was nonsense. He closing in again. (Concluded on page 696) to each other. said they belonged had

Pete did not change. She would beg

his forgiveness for doubting him. She

would tell him once again she loved him more than ease, more than luxuries, more than life itself. She loved

him with a love that demanded giving, not receiving.

At his mailbox she stopped. Some

day soon she would be getting her mail here. Some day she would be trudging

that half a mile to see what the day had brought. Already she felt a part

of it as if she had always belonged with this farm. She would get his mail

and take it to him. She opened the box

and thrust in her hand. There was a

farm journal, a report of some kind from the Extension Department of the state university; a letter to Jon from his

home town and last an ivorytinted envelope addressed to Pete. Curiously

she turned it over. On the back was

the return "A. Bolton."A. Antonia. The only heater ever designedTony. Tony Bolton. The one Jon

said never gave up. specially to burn western coat

Owners report savings of J/4 to V3 on coal bills. They find the Superstared she OR a moment J? Heater heats rooms, more gives OF ITS MODERN it inat tumbling while her world comfort came more throughout the FEATURES:

it house. to helps the keep Andruins hadn't her she about wonder No I Preheater Updraft HotBlast

it cleaner house conbecause lately. sheseen slowly Pete Very I ExtraHeavy Firepot Ribbed this smoke. remarkSee

Iclosed dallied mailbox. the had She Onepiece Dustless Pit sumes Ash able heater today. Ask about I Porcelain Finish long.too given Enamel She up Reid and had terms. convenient

there was no Pete to go to. And that it

seemed was that. With a savage jerk In the diagram of the

of the wheel she started the car. She SuperHeater at the right,

laughed harshly. This was not her note how the preheater

road after all. There was no road for hotblast tube (A) carries

her. the stepped hard She on

to air gas. preheated cause

If she Reid's car she could had in of combustion smokefaster. that gone. too But was travelWhy

(B). radiator This meansdid cars they that speed? no had make

Faster! The wind was blowing strong "two fires in one"—more

in her face. Dust rose in clouds beheat from less fuel with

hind her. Some of it blew in her hair less smoke.

and nostrils. It tried to shame the Manufactured by Pacific States

lump in her chest. Cast Iron Pipe Co., Heating

Ahead was the canal and a turn in Appliance Divn. Provo. Utah.

the road. She should slow up. No

use! Up the bank, careening wildly

over the bridge and around the curve on two wheels. There was the smell

of rubber, an explosion; the car gave

a sickening lurch. For a breath it balanced, then with a splintering crash Dealers in most intermountain communities. If your dealer does not

came to rest on its top in the barrow handle the SuperHeater, write to the factory at Provo for information.

pit.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1938

BECKONING ROADS (Concluded from page 695) "Am I hurt? I cannot move. Where—Spring, soft and new and warmhad taken that responsibility to bring

am I?"scented. On the north slope of the Lynn to a decision. He hadn't money

"You are in the hospital but you are hills and about the roots of the sage, for land, but he could adjust himself all right. You have a broken shoulder."snow still lingered. The peace of reaway from land because Vera wanted it

"What is the matter with your turning life had come to the valley of so. Vera disliked farming. Then she

voice?"the Big Smokey. They were nearly wondered if Vera were not a little like

There was no answer. She jerked across the desert. herself, not discontented with land exeyes open.her weren't leaving They

her alone? No. his "We are nearing home."actly,life andonlya askingbroadera morelivingsecurethanwaytheirof there and He was

face was no longer blurred and whirlPete took one hand from the wheel. mothers had. Father had farmed by

ing. She reached her good hand. "Home. With you."trial and error as so many of his gen-

"Don't leave me, will you?""Be careful,"she warned. eration had done. Pete was a business

again."farming. of business a "Never made who man "I careful. being expect you am Do

for started themselves, Like She she dozed awoke and when all who attention to the give to road her me all my clear. build in their slowly. they face But musthead was was still The beside with me?"you

there. struggle they would still live gloriously.

"Pete. I have something to tell you.""Did I look nice, Pete?"She turned back to her husband.

little sweeter a and dearer than "Just still "It shall wait. can here."be

I married "Suppose Reid? had usual."I tell I sent must now. "No. you it?"Didn't about you worry I I—telegram. aReid glad "Are you we waited?"

It to see tough "Maybe. you was it all told "I know. about me You

while you were unconscious. About For a mile he did not answer. Then, with him."

It no. the to be seemed "Yes and letter,the "If insisted. married him?"she I had at time. the can we way Now are not going to only "And you—youtoo."start even."did not. I love be- "But you youmarry Tony?"

"Never."Nancy's glance went to the hills cause you are the kind that wouldn't."

She sighed contentedly. "And you ahead. Between them was the valley "Keep your eyes ahead,"she warned.

still love me, Pete?"of the Big Smokey. On the fringe of "You know this road will run a long,

"Oh, my dearest. When I saw that the lavas, to the west, was the place long way."car go over I—I—they had gone for their Easter picnic. "I hope so."He stopped the car.

Vera had said they wanted to climb "I want it to go on and on forever and

IIT was spring again. The heights together. Were they doing it? into eternity.'

brown chrysalis that had been winter Perhaps. Getting married with little

had been opened and Spring was there had been the right thing for them. It (The End)

SUCCESSFUL CUSTOMERS It is gratifying to us when we can aid individuals and business firms to succeed financially. To this end we provide for their use

the best banking and facilities available, and are glad when they are used to the fullest extent.

FIRST SECURITY BANK OF UTAH FIRST SECURITY TRUST COMPANY

National Association Salt Lake City

With branches at Ogden, Logan, Provo, Bingham,

FIRST SECURITY BANK OF IDAHO Magna, Park City, Richmond

With branches at Boise, Blackfoot, Emmett, Gooding,

Hailey, Idaho Falls, Jerome, Montpelier, Mountain

FIRST NATIONAL BANK Home, Nampa, Payette, Pocatello, Preston, Shoshone

Of Salt Lake City FIRST SECURITY BANK

With branches at Sugarhouse and Tooele Rock Springs, Wyoming

Members of FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION

696 Mention the "Era"when you buy these goods or services.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1938

L, IX S- BUSINESS COLLEGE Offers:

The best in business training to help young people earn a living.

Active attention to the development of attitudes, ideals, and personal qualities that will enable them to live worthily.

[ SislslPlf Heber C. Kimball Examae Scott Milton H. Ross Edna B. Clawson

Accounting Office Penmanship, Bookkeeping Typewriting

FERAMORZ Y. FOX, President

Mabel Brown LeRay S.

Shorthand Typewriting Howell November 1 5 marked the fiftysecond PersonalMargaretDevelopmentE. Kennard EugeneShorthandC. Hinckley Accounting,

anniversary of the L. D. S. College.

During most of this long period of service to young people of the Intermountain States, the Business College department of the school has played a part of increasing importance. Its constant growth, both in size and in scope

in the of its value is proof service, James B. William E. G. Gates of K. Swigart Harvey Gweneth Berrett Norma

EducationCharacter Education Secretary Stenotypy its Character under of those lives come who

influence.

The present faculty is pledged to maintain the high ideals set forth by the founders of the institution.

E. Elieson Walter P. Evans Florence Larson Vernon F. Joyce Richardson

Salesmanship Law, Shorthand Education Character Shorthand Accounting,

Kenneth S. Bennion Iris Irons Miriam Parker Lillian R. Smith Maud N. Leaver Elsie Kienitz

English Office Machines Office Office Training Employment Treasurer

L*D*S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

(A Department of the L. D. S. College)

70 North Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah Wasatch 1812

These advertisers merit your support. 697

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1938

Probability ciples were operating, which more It is not to be concluded that the (Concluded from page 659) than outweighed these two prinblessings of the Lord are subject to ulations may be given just as a matciples. chance. On the contrary, we know

ter of schooling. Consequently, as Putting the problem and its anthat prayers are answered, that our

a practical matter, we are forced to swer in modern terms will help us lives are a matter of eternal record, adopt the uncertainty or probability to understand this fundamental and that the rewards of obedience are principle in predicting the particular principle and give us courage to bear certain. But the picture is so comblessings which will come to any up when the improbable and conseplex as to defy human prediction in

particular individual as indicated quently the unexpected happens to all cases, taking into consideration as above. us or our loved ones. And at such it does a preexistence, a mortal exBut there is one law to which the times it is to be hoped that we may istence, and a hereafter; taking into

uncertainty principle does not apply, be able to say with Job: account, too, the multiplicity of comnamely: every individual who keeps I know that my Redeemer liveth, and mandments, rewards, and penalties,

the commandments of God will that He shall stand at the latter day upon and the multiplicity of degrees of surely be blessed. the earth. And though after my skin worms faithfulness. With so many factors

probability rela- I to this consider, that the formula of the The will hapseedestroyGod. this(Jobbody,19:25,yet 26.)in my flesh shall

ispen tionships of obedience the probability rewards and 100%, and that it will not happen is zero. This becomes so complex as frequently

is because it does not promise a certo defy human solution, and the antain particular blessing. God will The Native Blood swer must often be left to a Higher

bless him according to his divine (Continued from page 663) Intelligence and a future time.

purposes, and not according to man's Two days later the plague struck Therefore, we will always pray own desires. It is conceivable that fiercely at Husteele and his housefor peace and prosperity and that

from this broad point of view even hold. With no help nor even a visit we will escape trials and tribulations,

death may be a blessing in disguise. from their stricken neighbors, they even as Jesus prayed that the cup

Certainly the prophets in all ages fought ten through the monster termight pass but from Him, we must sufferedhave persecution, imprisonrible days, maintaining a more and will to say: be willing always "Thyment, bodily torment and till even death feeble resistance more they lay not mine, Oh Lord, be done."in the discharge of righteous still in and death the or agony around

compelling duties. The Savior's life fire in the center of the hogan. Only And so we say in the words of the

was not prolonged by His obedience one, fittest of the family, the elevenPreacher:

to the Word of Wisdom, or by honyear-old Peejo, was still alive when Let us hear the conclusion of the whole his Fear and God, keep commandoring parents, His but Yoinsnez strength mustered to He was cut ride matter:

this for is the ments: of duty man. whole whiledown yet a comparatively a peer in through mile and the doorshall bring into every judgwork For God

young man. Other and greater prinway. (To be Continued) ment.... Ecclesiastes 12:13, 14.

REPORT OF CONDITION OF

Utah state National Bank SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH AS OF SEPTEMBER 28, 1938 RESOURCES LIABILITIES Cash and Due From Banks $11,016,436.20 Demand Deposits $12,876,258.77

U. S. Securities (Par Value) 3,191,500.00 Time Deposits 2,376,830.78 State, City County and Obligations $330,000.00

Railroad Securities 23,812.50

Public Service Securities 38,912.50 TOTAL DEPOSITS $15,253,089.55

Industrial Securities 53,000.00

Foreign Securities 4,425.26 Capital Stock, Common 500,000.00

Other Securities 1.00

Stocks 16,621.50 466,772.76 Capital Stock, Preferred 250.000.00

TOTAL CASH AND LIQUID ASSETS $14,674,708.96 PurchasedCommon StockholdersBy Our Own

Loans and Discounts 1,912,271.25 Surplus 310,000.00

Federal Reserve Bank Stock 31.800.00

Banking House 235,949.79 Undivided Profits 591,348.38

Furniture and Fixtures 22,612.78 258,562.57

Other Real Estate 12,224.18 TOTAL CAPITAL INVESTMENT 1,651,348.38

Other Assets 14,470.97

TOTAL $16,904,437.93 TOTAL $16,904,437.93

OFFICERS

HEBER J. GRANT, President ALVIN C. STRONG, Asst. Cashier

ORVAL W. ADAMS, Exec. V. Pres. JOHN W. JAMES, Asst. Cashier

RICHARD W. MADSEN, Vice Pres. TAYLOR H. MERRILL, Asst. Cashier

STEPHEN L. RICHARDS, Vice Pres. FRED RICH, Asst. Cashier

W. M. SMOOT, Cashier LANE W. ADAMS, Asst. Cashier

All Assets Are Unpledged Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation

698 Mention "The Improvement Era"when you patronize the advertisers.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1938

WNTER

YOUR CAR NOW!

For enjoyable and economical motoring, your car needs a careful coldweather checkup. Winter lubricants for the engine, transmission, differential

and chassis. Battery, ignition, and cooling system

need attention. You'll be money ahead by having

start of the season. your car winterized now—at the

Just drive in at your neighborhood dealer in Pep 88 gasoline and Vico motor oil.

ICOOIL MOTOR STATIONS EVERYWHERE IN UTAH AND IDAHO

PEP88;GASOLINE

..,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1938

PORTRAIT OF A YOUNG MAN {Continued from page 655) Moving Jhi Saturday, April 23. Took the seven stake which all good Mormons concede

a. m. train for Tooele. My wife and baby to be more in need of an able, live, and

yyiowdain. bywentRichardwith me.Lyman* *and* BrotherMet at Johnthe depotTate. efficientChurch. presidentOutside ofthanChurchany andotherreligiousin the

wife significance, the myself Saturday Sunday high position and and to which * * * Sister to with is one Lyman. Rhoda you are called more which many As the mountain would not come stopped

the Grantsville Brass that could consistthan Band experienced you men to Mahomet, Mahomet was forced Learned offended ently us at the depot felt consider, which had met aim, but when we my to the mountain. to go friend, is that dear the ours of Kingdom

Not so with the campus of the the Almighty Ruler of these Vast Universes,

Church University. Through the billionsthat we onare thethe globehandfulto ofwhosepeoplecareout theof

Extension Division it reaches into conduct of His immediate plans is given, every Stake and Mission, and even that you have been selected by His repreearth, sentatives to the the leading on be varied It brings into every home.

spirit of that stake* and which a few Priestmind officers in the services to aid years to the thought ago demand was hood quorums, in Church auxiliary strongest president of them all, have you organizations, in institutes, seminot more than great cause to be thankful?

have, Indeed I consider it the Hebe. you the It brings schools. naries, and

flattering success ever attained by training university of advantage of our people. to mostany young man Of course,

the doors of those who wish to this will be a crusher to many of your profit by study at home. business plans, and it may not be the most

pleasant thing in the world to think of

Extension Classes may be formed moving, either, for you or "Loo."

by students in any locality, with So you are once more a father. Success

instruction from members of the to "Loo,"and regards to her and your regular University faculty. A list mother. "President Grant,"you shall have

of new courses will be sent on remy prayers for your success, and not my quest. objections for a third or fourth term. You

are getting that high so friendship my 200 Study Courses—over for of sycophancy. smacks you

corresof available by Homethem—are [Continued on page 703) for Write time. pondence at any

the *In of Contributor Francis 1889, November, M. the new catalog. describes in detail the Lyman of Fall the "Rise and

Visual Aids can improve class stable'TooelemembersRepublic'."of th = Hecommunityexplains werehow therobbedpermanent,of their

teaching. Thousands of educationrights. From 1849 until 1862 the political control

had always the of been settlers. the hands Their film al slides, and sound strips, and "straggling of membersin General California Connors

pictures silent be rentmotion may volunteers in interested for prospecting became gold and ores"and towns new formed. were at low cost. ed

citizens of these Of silverthe mining towns says: he

character of this population that of "The was mining Entertainments Lectures and in general, fluctuating, will RICHARDTHISW. LETTERYOUNG WASAT ABOUTWRITTEN.THE TIME camps uncertain, often and

for special occasions provided be unscrupulous."

conditions Tooele These made County a battleschool, or club. Sole at church, listen to stop not did and that we the the their ground, of and members strong Church needed is transportation. cost to thought music, the as in had band aid come securing them men we maintaining and good

government. Taylor, President to meet who talked John Information, Address For

to visiting Tooele, of some we concluded REPRODUCTION OF NOTE BOOK PAGE REFERRED meeting. hold Grantsville drive to and TO ON PAGE 654. DIVISION EXTENSION

One of father's closest friends was J7>

BRIGHAM YOUNG RichardPoint, andW.hisYoung,letter asthenrecordedat Westin

the journal gives an interesting sideUNIVERSITY presidency: light regarding this call to the stake,M'outs e*r**+-$+t. *zz&.

York, PROVO, UTAH West Point, New '$&*u6*V. /%40Mj/*//f76..

8, 1880 November Grant: Dear My

a I take few minutes I have intervening $6,WATCH YOUR WORDS between return from Riding Hall and first,*/- yr-4-S'f ee**f conto write for a few supper you of magnetic words and drum BOOK NEWOUR lines. gratulatory will zest radiancephrases to your and add

this I letter opened which Mother's every the of day.speech hour 25c. Postpaid

first the the before morning Herald was

Progressive Readers of America announcement of your new mission.

Salt Lake City, Utah Financially you are perhaps not to be congratulated; but, Hebe, finances sink

into the most abject insignificance comthat has the great compliment pared withENROLL(Commence Later if Desired)NOV ability and the reward been paid your $25. Discount on a Complete with which your faithfulness and integrity

COURSE IN BEAUTY CULTURE have met. I can not tell you with what

A State Accredited School feelings almost of selfishness that I had not been the one in whom it pleased the

I confidence, to repose Twelve so much Culture of Beauty SchoolOgden appointment. yourOver Theatre Egyptian OGDEN, UTAH received

realize that of course, I suppose, you s"r? ti e /-i <*/ tr sfS*(Xsts /-e-TTftSf*V7/

office: the ofName magnitude your have you

.,,**v*t* ',,'/ t,C> urefe

Address City..State been called to assume the control of a

700 Let these advertisers know you appreciate their support by telling them when you buy.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA,'NOVEMBER, 1938

... Another Birthday

CONGRATULATIONS!

J7 ORTYONE years ago "The Improvement Era,"was born. Today it has reached a mature and important place

in thousands of homes, and brings each month a dependable message of service.

The Utah Power & Light Company, too, from days of humble beginning, has constantly striven to make its service less costly, more dependable, and within the reach of all.

The first electric light, the first crude electric iron pioneered the way for dozens of appliances now at the command of every housewife. Electric radio makes the finest of worldwide entertainment available to every home. Every worker

has a dozen electrical helpers to add to his productivity. Electricity today is economical and it is dependable. It is one of

the home's big bargains.

UTAH POWER & LIGHT COMPANY

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1938

SOLUTION TO OCTOBER PUZZLE Scriptural Crossword PuzzleThe Satisfied Creator (Gen. 2:1-2)

! A B B M H o M -R m A Z A N D M -R T D R A N A H % N N N e: A M T N A

A N H N D A T O o H -R H A L N T R O P N D il H A B N T M T) D A Y

-U——II—-H—II—11—ll—II 1 H—1|—Ult

;na ACROSS 1 "as one that findeth great..."42 "And God. the firmament"

6 David's father Ruth 4: 17 43 Note

10 "created the heaven... the earth"44 Fabulous bird our 11 The Creator 45 Dining cars

13 "And God... the light"47 "Be fruitful,... multiply"

14 Old home of Abraham; half of 49 "..., I have given you every

four herb"15 Roumanian coin 51 "And... was so"

17 "his words were softer than..."52 "and the Lord called Moses up to ms 19 "I will make him... help meet"the... of the mount"

20 'and... living creature"53 Nothing more than

'cattle, creeping and Preserve in bound vol22 took 24 "he... of his.ribs".."5554 Worthless"and there end...oflight"anything

umes the vast amount of 25 Sunday School 56 "Art thou my... son Esau?"

valuable reading in your 2726 Tensile"While strengthhe was... speaking"5957 Lively"the gold of that land is..."

Era. 2931 "moving"male andcreaturefemale... createdhath life"... 60 "And...thefortychildrenyears"of Israel did eat

Handsome, durable cloth 34 Writingthem"Our Text from Genesis is 10, 11, 13, fruit Early ripening 22, 20, 29, 31, 41, 42, 47, 49, 51, binding, stamped in gold, 35.. the children and of God"57 combined 55, 56, "we. 39

seventh the day on God $2.00 per volume. 41 "And

his he which ended work made"...

SPECIAL PRICES FOR DOWN TEN OR MORE

VOLUMES 23 HomeAdam wnof Joseph;one; Eveprepositionwas another 3332 Splendid"Call me not Naomi, call me..,"

cluster Flower..."35

Masculine BRING THEM IN NOW 45 "foundCity of othersEgypt; standingnegative name 36

7 Ancestor of Christ; isle (anag. 37 Small European fish

8 Continent where Brazil is 38 Round angle; one grip (anag.)

9 Tool used by metal workers 40 Form of lease 11 Ship ropes 41 Addition to a fireplace 45 Boat 12 for making dots ToolThe Deseret Paul Formerly is one 46 16 18 Monogram for Jesus 48 Give medicine to 21 Medieval tribunals in Germany; 50 "And he said,... am I"News Press Eve is hidden here 54 Father of Joshua 1 Chron. 7: 27

29 Richards Street 23 Empire State 55 Siamese measure; part of Wales

28 "and... them about thy neck"56 New England state

Salt Lake City, Utah 30 "multiply thy seed... the stars"57 Southern state

31 "and there he put the man whom 58 Danish; the heart of Adam

he formed'

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1938

PORTRAIT OF A YOUNG MAN {Continued from page 700) 12Anniversary

Once more may God help you with His Tooele, looking after the many inblessings; for Tooele them, need you will terests of his stake, and the other DELUXE MODEL

victory seems ground. Theis still a battle

now with us, but vigilance and energy four or five days a week in the city are necessary to rout the enemy from the attending to business matters.

field. Your sincere friend, Thirtysix miles does not seem

Richard W. Young far in these days of automobiles,

The Young Businessman but with horse and buggy or their "Cather's life was a very strenuous limited train service, the distance one. He spent his weekends in was great. The train left Salt Lake

at 7 a. m. which meant early rising,

and left Tooele at 12:30.

Father did extra work for the Deseret National Bank (one month the record shows that he worked 16 ECONOMICAL NEW GRAND days at the for bank $70.00. ) DurThe "Savings"will help buy it!

of HOTEL ing these years his business one

SALT LAKE CITY ventures was in manufacturing. The

last of November, 1 880, there is this "FINGERTIP"entry in the journal:

spent Tuesday the day at the office. N. CONTROLLED

W. Clayton and I visited Ogden. Went You set the temtrain the afternoon o'clock. on 3:40 Hyrum perature—Stofreight. Grant evening came up on the

the kermatic does the incorporated Wednesday, VinUtah egar Works, H. J. Grant, President; J. M. rest!

Grant, Vice President; N. W. Clayton,

Secretary.... Leased the works to Frank

Rother for one year at $225.00 a month in advance, per order the Board of Directors. STOKERMATIC

During the following months there Automatic Heating are a few references to this business; Your Best Buy!

then on April 22, 1881, this entry:

Learned that the Utah Vinegar Works Stokermatic gives you warm comfire I destroyed was last evening. by did fort your whole family can enjoy. the but that parties holding notes not know

would demand their money, but they were Saves you 20% to 60% in fuel willing all trust to the gets me. Stokermatic Jas. Freeze, money. Leonard The more Hardy, and to George promised Romney time heat out of coal... saves you

it. I note I should need found my

that I I better had credit than much you have, sign had and... cleanerfuss...furnishingsa cleaner.. basement. lifetime ever expected. April Tuesday, 26, 1881,

I talked the as Purchase one as low over of the service. value

will the more worksRother andand the of the business. good month. Investigate $6.39 per what

for youl you have business.I offered to take $2700.00 and retire from Stokermatic can do

Father's principal business was need for insurance, and under date of DecemTHE! THE

ber 27. 1880, his journal says: STOKERMATIC STOKERMATIC

COMPANY STOKERS I N. to enter agreed W. Clayton and INSURANCE into copartnership for three years, and Salt1415 LakeSo. StateCity Approved

pool our earnings. Partnership to start Utah By Thousands

Protect what you have by January 1, 1881, profits to be equally diOf Owners insuring it. Buy sound insurvided.

Then under date of June 24th he ance. Let us explain the writes

of in the Utah value Friday, a policy 24, June Clayton and I had a BE INDEPENDENT talk I as to whether could make $25.00 by Fire Insurance ComOther Vocation So Profitable Home No devoting the entire to soliciting. I told day

pany. him I could make twice that much. I startENROLL NOW

ed at 9 a. m. and talked until 7 p. m. DurFor a Complete Course at the

ing the day, insured T. O. Patten, $3500.00;

Donelson Bros., $2000.00; David James,

$2000.00; D. W. James, $2000.00; Jas. WatQuish School of Beauty Culture

son, $1500.00; D. M. McAllister, $2000.00; The Best in the West

$2500.00; Cannon, O. J. Q. H. Hardy, Bldg., S. 336340 Fire American Main, Utah Home $1000.00; Jos. $1400.00; CrisWatson, Geo. CITY, UTAH LAKE SALT

Spencer, mon, $5000.00; C. V. $200.00; E. M*> Co. Insurance Information Further For Smith, A. Weiler, $1000.00; E. $4250.00; M.

Call or Catalog *<H Jas. total profits $2500.00. * for Jack, The Co. J. Grant Heber & or 7560 Wasatch the firm cents. $101.00 were and *ty some

This Fill in General Agents until after called 10 then p. Worked m Coupon %7 in at the or Theater. the Insurance "Risks,"City, Salt Utah Lake

Agent, by Raymond & Co.

(To be Continued) Mention the "Era"when you buy these goods or services. 703

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY laughprovoking: or smile humorous, He told means Funny

into gales of laughter. the house that sent story a funny

Odd means strange, peculiar: It's odd that he didn't tell

me about it.

Precision in the use of these two words will set you down at once as being intelligent and wellinformed on correct usage.

TO HARRISON R. MERRILL

Evanston, Wyoming September 9, 1938.

shadow was cast upon this western land, and particularly the small, with great poets, and both hearts of the upon A

It any though as Merrill. seemed Harrison of passing R.

obscure offering, no matter how humble, sent to his desk while he was on the Era Staff received kind consideration and a word or two of his priceless criticism. Always I shall treasure his

kind letters to me when at fifteen I started submitting poetry to the Era.

Mount look at beautiful ever us shall And who among of the EXTENUATING CIRCUMSTANCES involuntary memory again without an Timpanogos offer for spirit of Brother have to explanation vastly beloved you do rugged, what kindly, "And Merrill? Judge:

plea: his heartfelt to district?"residential the answer the will be Surely this sixty miles memory driving hour through an

Motorist: "I had just heard, your honor, that the Relief

angel for wings, not "I ask do giving a rummage of wife is a member, were Society, which my there that old leave peak Just pair of I other to save sale, hurrying home was and my 'til night let the comes climb me And trousers."

I golden no want dismissed.""Case Judge:

I last adieu say Then, stair,my when

And all farewells are given Just leave my spirit here somewhere "NO RESPECTER"

Oh, God, let this be heaven."

Small daughter was more thrilled over the advent of five new was playing day she her mother. One kittens than was truly spirit shall the west. his over be can we Always How

to mother, attempting kitchen floor. Her them with on the hills lift to the... whence eyes "I will mine say, up now

cometh my strength."cross the room with a heavy pan of bread, found her way

cats. sprawling by the impeded Katharine W. Kendall,

cried sharply, "Get your cats out of here she "Daughter,"Evanston, Wyoming.

before I step on them."

JACK SEARS SENDS CONGRATULATIONS her"Allapron;right,""I'llrepliedget themthe child,out, butbeginningI think toyoupiledon'tthe havecats intothe

spirit of the Gospel toward—Submittedmy cats."by Irene Martineau,

Col. Pacheco, Chihuahua, Mexico.

a T)op, what do they mean by twaddle'?"

That refers to arguments advanced by the other side, my son."

JUSTIFIABLE HOMICIDE

play. to minute tied. The one score There was was The kick. point lined the extra Any up for team was home

second now the ball would be snapped back for that last all important attempt. The crowd was spellbound, breathlessly

counting the seconds. Would he make that final goal kick

which meant victory?

"Let's go now and avoid that terrible jam,"she said.

She never knew what hit her!

ANTICLIMAX

Three old men went to heaven. Saint Peter asked the first:

"Where did you live while on earth?"

He answered: "Illinois."

'Come right in,"said Saint Peter. Turning to the next he

asked, "Where did you live?"

"I came from Alabama,"replied the second.

$>. "Come right in,"said Saint Peter; and asked the third,

Neighbor: "How many controls are there on your radio?""Where"California,"are yousaidfrom?"the third man. Nextdoor Neighbor: "Three—my wife, my motherin- "California? Is that so?"said the host. "Well, you can come

law, and my daughter."—Exchange. in if you want to, but I don't think you will—Selected.like it here."

NEW HEADLINERS for CBS - KSL this fall are, left, Herbert Marshall, star of "Hollywood Hotel", with Frances Langford,, its singing star. Fridays 7 to 8 p.m.

Barbara Luddy and Les Tremayne, featured in "First Nighter"original dramas 6 to 6:30 on Fridays.

Below, from the top, Adolphe Menjou, master of ceremonies of "Star Theatre",

Wednesdays 7:30 to 8:30 p.m. Arlene

Francis, the Lola Mitchell of "Big Sister", daily at 12 noon. Jack Haley, new variety

star heard Fridays from 10:30 to 1 1 p.m.

NEW STARS

on your KSL DIAL

Old friends and new faces greet you from your

KSL dial as this station and the Columbia Broadcasting System inaugurate radio's greatest entertainment season! From 6 o'clock each morning until

it completes its daily schedule nineteen hours later,

KSL brings you the finest in all the field of radio!

KSL brings you news six times daily. It brightens

your listening hours with special events, sports and

publicinterest broadcasts. Then it rounds out the radio day with drama, music and variety entertainment.

For listening pleasure it's always KSL!

KSLColumbia's 50,000Watt Clear Channel Affiliate In Salt Lake City A PROTECTED AND HEALTHFUL HOME LIFE

BENEFICIAL

INCOME

IKSU RAN MmAMT Home Office—Beneficial Life Building, Salt Lake City. Utah

heber j. grant. president