a#J?

gjggasgssgjrJfc

a!* * "to

to; toto -:

m "4V* t*

so< *j*! 5 \Jy$mw

* K

In these ten beautiful Actual BIBLE STORY Volumes Book Size 7"x 9V4"will be found:

The writer of these ten marvelous volumes, y-L. More than 400 stories unexcelled in THE BIBLE STORY, Arthur S. Maxclarity of presentation. well, is a worldrenowned editor, author,

and lecturer. He is known and loved the

Nearly 2,000 pages. world over by scores of millions who have

read his everpopular BEDTIME STO-.Full coverage of the Bible narrative RIES and CHILDREN'S HOUR series.

from Genesis to Revelation.

*.*## ft: / Exquisite fourcolor illustrations by

V nationally known artists at every HOMEP.O. BoxHEALTH455, SaltEDUCATIONLake City 10,SERVICEUtah

page opening.

I wish to know more about these ten wonderful 4 Reading enjoyment for the children volumesand pictures.that makePleasethesendBiblefulla livingparticulars.book inNostoriesobliof the modern family. gation of course.

Name—Address

City. Zone State

* **. 4

deep in the heart of the cookie...

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr. REALA Perennial Custom

In earlier Egyptian history there was a custom of painting the upper eyelid black with galena (lead sulfide) the and eyelid lower green CHOCOLATEPick up a fullpound bag (basicwith malachite copper carbonfavorite at your ate). cheeks Lips and colored were grocer's—only 49C

with red ochre, though the Sumerians preferred yellow ochre for the cheeks. The Egyptians also applied

a red pigment from henna to the palms, soles, nails, and hair.

Fast Talk?

Docs it seem that an unfamiliar or foreign language is spoken rapidly?

Mario Pei reports that the average rate for French is about 350 syllables a minute; for Japanese, 310; for

German, 250; for English, 220; while

most languages in the South Seas do not exceed 50 syllables a minute.

The normal American woman speaks at the rate of 175 words a minute compared to 150 for the average male. Men and women do not agree

on the reason for this difference.

WellFed

Figures compiled by the United

States Department of Agriculture show the following estimated civilian consumption per person of major foods in the United States in 1953When you want a chocolate a cookie you chocolate want54, in pounds, with the 192024 it... is cookie! rich This flavoryvalues in parenthesis: shown cereal realest chocolate, the kindproducts, there 154 potatoes (229); and is, all the blended through way potatoes,sweet 110 sugar (178); the tender sandytextured syrup,and 109 dairy prod- (106); wafer. nuts chocChopped and

ucts, fruits 383 110 (365); (185); olate drops added. They're

vegetables 193 meat ); lean ( 135 and delicious, they're wonderful,

fish, 165 (139); eggs, 51 (28); beans, they're kissin'cousins of Purity's

peas and nuts, 13 ( 11 ) and fats and famous Pecan Sandies.

other than butter 39 (44).

PURITY BISCUIT CO Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatello

JULY 1958 The Improvement Era, The Voice of the Church, Volume 61, Number 7, July 1958.

Official organ of the priesthood quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, ward teachers, Music Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints,

Church Features

The Editor's Page: Virtues of the Pioneers President David O. McKay 502

Your Question: The Sign of the Dove President Joseph Fielding Smith 504

Temple in the Pacific Gordon B. Hinckley 506

Do Not Be Deceived (Family Hour Discussion Topic)

Clifford E. Young 530

The Church Moves On, 499; Melchizedek Priesthood, 516; The Presiding Bishopric's

Page, 532.

Special Features

Leadership Development: Preparation Sterling W. Sill 510

The "Me"Stage (So That's What Boys Are Made Of)-III

W. Cleon Skousen 512

"Unto Every Man"Her mine Briggs Horman 518

The New YMMIA Superintendency Looks Ahead Albert L. Zobell, Jr. 522

A Decade of Service1948-1958 Doyle L. Green 524

Ruth May Fox Lucv Grant Cannon 529

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Richar d L. Evans 540, 542, 556

Rosetta Wallace Bennett Helen S. Williams 496

Exploring the Universe Franklin S. Harris, Jr. 489

These Times: Variations on a Theme from the Second Continental Congress

G. Homer Durham 492

Letters and Reports 494 Anne Bennion, New Appointee to the YWMIA General Board 500

Today's Family:

Food and Foresight Lynne A. Pettit 550

Utilize Space with Bookshelves Louise Price Bell 554

The Last Word 560 Cover—"St. Peter"

Stories, Poetry by Giovanni, Battista

Carlone. The artist was

I Think of Papa Christie Lund Coles 520 of the Genoese school

Poetry 500, 505, 545, 555, 556, 558, 559 of painting. He lived from

1592 to 1677. This oil now

Art and Photo Credits and Footnotes 559 hangs in the De Young

Memorial Museum in San Francisco reproduced and is Editor; Editors; L. Green, Managing Doyle L. Evans, Richard O. and David McKay that permission of with Editor; Production Editor; Elizabeth Associate C. Josephson, Managing J. Moffitt, Marba museum. T. Editor; Manuscript Editor; Eileen Gordon Gibbons, Zobell, L. Jr., Research Albert

Allred, Editorial Associate; Ralph Reynolds and Ed Maryon, Art Directors.

Archibald F. Bennett, G. Homer Durham, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., Milton R. Hunter,

Hugh Nibley, Claude B. Petersen, Sidney B. Sperry, Contributing Editors.

Elbert R. Curtis, General Manager; Bertha S. Reeder, Associate General Manager; Verl F.

Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription Director; Thayer Evans, Regional

Advertising Representative.

The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 16, Utah

Copyright 1958 by Mutual Funds, Inc., and published by the Mutual Improvement Associations of the Church of Jesus Christ

of Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.50 a year, in advance; foreign subscriptions, $3.00 a year, in

advance; 25c single copy.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage

provided for"in section 1103. Act of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on welcomes but for manuscripts, unsolicited responsible Era is not ImprovementThe

sufficient for delivery and return. postage l'/zc of at the rate by mustacceptance a word and be accompanied

include address please slip from a recent issue a change, ordering of address. required days'notice for changeThirty When

is included. as well as the old address new one the changes cannot Addressof the magazine. made unless be

490 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Candle tk aiiMeuftieiori Discourses of Elder Adam S. Bennion

In the words that are preserved on these pages the reader will read—indeed,

will almost hear again—some of his talks, some of his sermons, some of his

commonsense counsel to youth, to parents, to teachers, to bankers and businessmen, to industrialists and labor leaders, to a nation in war and peace, and to people with personal problems, needing guidance and strength AW**14 'jjON for the decisions of life. $3.75

tyeadSea, The Dead Sea Scrolls and Original Christianity

A O. PrestonFrom out Robinson,of the dust EditorGeneralthe Dead Sea ScrollsManagerhave broughtof DeseretconvincingNewsnew evidences

that is the Restored eternal. Gospel This story of the discovery of dramatic the

l Original Sea Scrolls Dead in 1947 comes the from O. Preston pen of Dr. Robinson, who

has twice visited the Dead Sea area investigating the scrolls. He points out

the significance of the scrolls to members of the Church. $2.00

>cs

\ 2. LEATHER POCKET

LlMHER Triple Combination Beautifully bound with black leather cover is this handy pocketsize combination that includes

POCKIJ PearlBook ofof GreatMormon,Price.DoctrineClear, legibleand Covenants,type. A wonand

derful traveling companion. Page size—3y2"x5y2 ".

\ $6.00 black leather; $6.75 white leather.

ON THE WAY TO IMMORTALITY

AND ETERNAL LIFE J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

A thorough account of a highly significant search for truth and the outcome. President Clark, in

these brief, brilliant sermonettes, makes an extensive study of the apostasy in the Primitive Church.

$3.50

Himiiii FATHER AND THE HOME Stephen L Richards DweccttSiiBooh Co.

discourse,This printed at given Richards April by President Confer44 East South Temple Sail Lake City Utah 1 urges familiesence, of the father at of the the Church to "put head

I BOOK COMPANYhousehold,"further urges fully fathers and to use the power Salt of the 44DESERET East South Temple, Lake City, Utah I livingPriesthood in accordance by to principles of the the Restored

Sir: Dear Enclosed will find you ( ) check ( ) money IGospel. Truly to an answer juvenile modernday delinquency

problems. 35c order ( ) I have an account. Please charge. Amount enclosed t

$ for encircled (numbered) books: I

I6. COMMENTARY ON THE BOOK OF MORMON 12 3 4 5 6

From the Notes of George Reynolds and Janne M. Sjodahl Name tI

Amplified and Arranged by Philip C. Reynolds and David Sjodahl King Address I

Authoritative, analysis comprehensive of scriptural truths in found

Alma in the Book of Mormon. City Zone State.. I

Vol. Ill—$5.00 Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax.

Also available: Vol. I—$5.00; Vol. II—$4.00.

JULY 1958

Wor&hipful These Times %one

-fell

that adds to the yveeefwe(St of your religious service Variations on a themei from the Second Continental Congress by Dr. G. Homer Durham

Vice President, University of Utah

is its basic doctrine that socialPlaying dimensions and console arrangeFew people take time or trouble ever, ments conform rigidly to the specifications to study the meaning of the Unanisystems, institutions, valuesystems, of the American Guild of Organists. mous Declaration of the Thirteen "myths,"should not be taken for

A Wuriitzer Church Organ offers United States of America in the Year granted! Indeed, it gives voice to

usually 1776, the Declaracalled "The underlying attitude that the mostrich, worshipful reverent and tone—a tion It of is, like Independence."in values are fundamental inherent contribution tomoving the Church

Service. many things of value—cold water, the nature of the individual man

It places at the command of any fresh air, sight, hearing, love of and that the social contrivances men organist an infinite range of tradifriends and family—taken for granted. fabricate should constantly be retional organ voices. Transmitted by Orators laud it. Speakers, some of evaluated in terms of their conformWurlitzer's High Fidelity Sound Syswhom have never read it, place it ity to these basic values. Only those

tem, the result is glorious organ among the great documents of "huthings should long be permitted to music... truly Music's Richest Voice. man liberty."stand which serve these profound

is that with which the Creator has endowed WurliIzer Organs human,All thissocialexpressesbehavior.a truthIt about truths, assumed to be "selfevident,"

the things men live by, often are man. So run the principles of 1776.

FREE taken for granted! Without the varTo begin to appreciate the docChurch Organ ious social "myths"(the word as trine of the Declaration and its

used here does not mean something "milestone"nature, one must learn

Fund Raising Kit excogitated out of whim or fancy, something of its antecedents in the j The Wuriitzer Company but the hard, corelike values and family of ideas. One must also

| Dept. IE1157, DeKalb, 111. valuesystems that make human sounderstand something of its con-

I Please send me information about the ciety possible), life as we know it temporary "relatives"and neighbors.

I Fund Raising Kit and Wuriitzer Organs. would be unbearable. The interestReaders of John Milton, and those

I I NAME. ingDeclarationcontradictionof Independence,inherent in howthe premiseswho are familiar( Continuedwithon thepage basic557

I ADDRESS- | CITY ZONE....STATE.

492 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Thousands of doctrinal subjects are analyzed and explained clearly and concisely in this near 800 page encyclopedia covering the whole field of revealed religion. A digest of the

gospel from Alpha to Omega, this unique volume defines and outlines all of the basic principles of salvation from the perspective of all revelation, both ancient and modern. Tens of thousands

of scriptural references are used in the more than 1100 articles. Student and

teacher alike will find this book a tremendous help in being "instructed more perfectly in theory, in principle, in doctrine, in the law of the gospel, in all things that pertain to the kingdom ofGod."(D& C)

A compendium of the whole gospel, "Mormon Doctrine"is an ideal reference book for every gospel student... a "must"for every missionary.

*r TT-"T'T-T''"""r,wr TT ''"

BOOKCRAFT

1 186 South Main, Salt Lake City,

Please send copies of Mormon Doctrine for which I enclose $. in check ( ) or money

order ( ). BOOKCRAFTPUBLISHERS TO THE L.D.S. TRADE Name

Address 1186 SOUTH MAIN HU 7-7488 City State.

1.1.1.KM.M.M.M.** M M AAJLAAAAA.,

JULY 1958 493 GtVE

THE BIRD...

Letters and RAIN BIRD, of course!

There are handsome dividends to be earned in providing your Reports own weather for crops and pasture... there's no better way

to do this than with Rain Bird

Sprinklers. Get water where

you want it, when you want it!

Single installations have more than doubled—even tripled—

yields and insured stability of crop income. See your dealer.

Write for free information.

NATIONAL RAIN BIRD

SALES & ENGINEERING CORP.

Azusa, California

BENSON STAKE MIA AWARD Attendance Secretary Helen D. Lingwall

WINNER were also honored guests. Benson Stake

led the Church in this girls'program for

Ninety percent girls of of the ninety percent with year 195657, Benson the received individual ( Utah achieving. has had consistent The stake stake awards, the ) andStake honored YWMIAtheir

them at a banquet at which General growth in this program since 195253,

YWMIA President Bertha S. Reeder and when only 68 percent of the girls qualified.

record in Sunday School and Mutual, He is a Star Scout and attended the National

Boy Scout Jamboree in 1950. He is now

in the Eastern States. Oi serving a mission

Larry Jay Wagstaff, his brother, has just completed his seventh year of perfect attendance at priesthood and Sacrament this has missed time he During ELECTRIC meetings.

a nearperfect has School and one Sunday

Scout is a First Class at MIA. He WATER TWO WINNERS record

Richard award. a to God""Duty and has

HEATER Richard L. Wagstaff (left) has six years and Larry are the sons of Elder and Mrs.

of perfect attendance'at priesthood and John L. Wagstaff of Parma (Idaho) Ward,

Sacrament meetings, and a near perfect Nyssa Stake.

articles at in general Denver Award"Colorado Springs, Colorado hand LIVE BETTER Authors'Colorado at night Saturday Dear Editors:

I Isn't nice? that Banquet. League ELECTRICALLY I think you'll be pleased to know that wanted you to know "we"received honors

with FULL my article "... And a Barn to Play In,"for it.

which you published in The Improvement Sincerely,

Era September 1957, was awarded "TopNell Womack Evans HOUSEPOWER

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

494 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 66 FliteFuel makes the drivingBhillips of any car a more pleasurable experience.

With FliteFuel you enjoy exceptional

ease of starting in any weather... smooth and

lively acceleration... economical mileage.

No other gasoline provides the combination

of high performance components that make

FliteFuel the "Aristocrat of Motor Fuels!*

Fill up at your Phillips 66 Service Station,

Use Samsonite ALLSTEEL FOLDING CHAIRS Rosetta Wallace Bennett

by Helen S.

Proven strongest and safest Williams by actual test!

In a setting of spacious green lawns, winding paths, and gardens that bloom from early spring until the snow flies stands a stately brick home. On the south and west part

of the house is a wide veranda which overlooks a clear crystal pool, and in it are reflected tall pines and shade trees. The changing color of

the garden heralds each new season as the purple and yellow crocuses of early spring give way to the blue delphinium and the pink larkspur of midsummer, followed by the brilliant red and bronze zinnias of late fall. To this home John F. Bennett

Why do we say Samsonite is the world's took his bride, Rosetta Wallace. Benstrongest steel folding chair? Because nett, on November 17, 1897, and

in actual tests, Samsonite withstood here she began early in life to fulfil over 1000 pounds (even a troupe of her. love of gardening by creating

acrobats) without buckling. Now in 11 one of the loveliest gardens in the acquaintanceship and love for one

decorator colors. city. The Bennetts lived here all of another.

No tipping—Stand on any part of the seat. their married life, rearing their famSuch has been the tangible setting

Selfadjusting hinges prevent tilting. ily of three stalwart sons and two which John and Rosetta laid for their

Extra safety—Fold it or unfold it. Samsonite wonderful daughters: Wallace, Harfamily life.

can't nip your fingers. old, Richard, Elizabeth, and Mary. The lessons they taught in filial

Chipresistant finish—All parts have bondHere they welcomed their granddevotion, love of fellow men, civic finish.erized baked enamel

children as sons and daughters pride and interest, and adherenceOther Fine Samsonite Chairs:

married and established homes of and appreciation for the gospel and

Samsonite A. padded

chair cushion—Uptheir own. all of its teachings, were taught by

holstered with damWhen the grandchildren began to example, and by spiritual, as well as ageresistant vinyl. arrive, the north part of the garden material contributions to friends,

B. Samsonite folding was transformed into a playground family, Church, and community life.

armchair—Padded with sandboxes, teetertotters, swings, Rosetta Wallace Bennett was born

upholstered and vinyl and trapeze bars. 12, 1869, to December ends Henry WalOn week

seat, back, armrests. and holidays, lace grandparents, Bennett. parents, and Elen Harper She

Samsonite folding C.

tabletarm chair—fewand grandchildren,years, greatgrandchildren,and in the last26 parentswas onewereof a convertsfamily ofto eight.the ChurchHer Natural blonde finish

hardwood tabletarm. such young folk, gathered at Grandof Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints,

mother's home. Through the house, and they instilled a deep and abiding

up and down the stairs, in and out of faith and love for the'gospel, and the garden nooks and arbors and a great sense of responsibility and around the veranda, the children love for each member of the family ran and played as parents and grandinto their daughter's heart. All the

parents sat and tried to visit above days of her life this gospel of Jesus the voices and happy confusion of Christ and the love and devotion to little cousins renewing their weekly her fam- ( Continued on page 546

WRITE FOR free Samsonite catalog: Scwayder Bros.,

Inc., Institutional Seating Div., Dept. IE-7, Detroit.

496 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1 lJ 'wl': '.

':..:"

FULLER'S SPECTACULAR NEW HOUSE PAINT to your homeAdds at least 2 extrayears ofpaint beauty

painted fresh a new your Gives home for paint wood! of kind Revolutionary new PAINT HOUSE FULLER HERE'S HOW NEW its colors, Holds used! ever paint you've finest the than longer for 2 years look PAINT THE FINEST WITH COMPARES hours Dries of best the them! than easier faster, Spreads years! for its gloss holds

sooner! And costs no more than ordinary house paint! YOU'VE EVER USED

Finest traditional New Fuller THERE'S NEVER BEEN A PAINT astonishing new kind of paint. As the numhouse paint House Paint

...... grew testpainted homes of these IT ber BEFORE LIKE

fresh, new Keeps rigorous resist Can.. of hundreds them are there today in and developed at least original formula was appearance weather The Western. General than longer years 2 years. tested, only a few comwatched, Fuller's chemists 1951. appearance: house finest the

pared. paint. and through chemists, knowhow Fuller

found that research, continuous PHENOMENAL by comRESULTS WERE materials, bining certain new "miracle"Paint met Fuller House every rigorous test Gloss: Startsappearanceto loseafterglossy Keepsfor years.glossy lustre

they could produce an exterior paint so of weather and wear... it outperformed first few months.

superior in so amazingly to wear, resistant paints. the finest house

it the finest that even every made way 7-year of this tremendous because Today, Colors: aboutStarts 6tomonths.fade after Keepsness forcoloryears.brightold-fashioned comby paint seem house this field Fuller can offer you experience,

parison. with Cannot be rust stained Readily paint, without house revolutionary new

stained. nails, rust from White: laboralargest chemical of America's Two FINEST HOUSE THE etc. gutters, screens, these findings. tories tested and confirmed BUY. PAINT qualification,YOU asCAN

faster and on Goes SURE TO BE If paint you're WANTED going to FULLER finest than easier for Fuller's years your.home.. get...2 atextrano Application: Goeseasy. on fast and of beauty men. field went Homes Out into the paint. house

all over the West were painted with this extra cost! Get new Fuller House Paint!

W. P. FULLER & CO. At least 6 hours; Dries dust free in as

little as 2 hours. for dust, Drying: target

Rain won't rain. harm it. fog, leaves,

m

For stucco surfaces where a flat finish is preferred, use the famous FulColor Exterior Latex Paint. 42 beautiful colors.

mm Goes on so easy and smooth that this man So durable, so weatherresistant that it will FULLER glossy its color brightness and less in side keep of a house the whole covered lustre PAINTS GLASS paint you've longer than the finest years paint 2 regular house than 4 hours. With

he'd have done much less. ever used! 42 beautiful colors.

11,028 independent businessmen like these serve you better with Standard's help

Wholesale distributor Bob Evans, Robert "Bob"A. Juner, San Francisco, Standard's special Aviation Division

Mesa, Arizona, uses a plant provided operates his own service station. We suphelps airport dealers like Frank Kelsey,

and maintained by Standard. We help ply him with business forms, maps, lube Salt Lake City, Utah, with wind direction

Bob develop new business and back him guides and major equipment. Bob makes indicators, flight guides and credit card

with engineering assistance on his cusgood use of Standard's training programs service... all welcome conveniences to

tomers'lubrication problems. to improve his service to you. his customers.

i '!::

Standard credit cards make it possible Liquefied Petroleum Gas dealers Keith L. Tweedie, Salem, Oregon, is a

for independent marine dealers like Joe like Louis Marx, Atascadero, California, heating oil distributor. Our complete

Faires, Port Angeles, Wash., to honor find our operations manual helpful in program shows him how to set up an

charge accounts. When fuel and lubricaalmost every phase of his business... accounting system, handle credit, cut

tion problems arise, his customers can especially when it comes to saving cusoperating expenses and give you the rely on help from Standard's engineers. tomers time and trouble on deliveries. cleanest, most convenient service possible.

"Big Business"creates opportunities for "small help bring you these products in the U. S., Alaska, Hawaii,

business."With each doing the job for which it is best B. C. and many other parts of the Western Hemisphere.

qualified, both are able to operate more efficiently... give Because these independent businessmen perform an imporyou better service. Here's how it works with us. tant service for us, we assist their efforts with technical help,

Standard research and manufacturing skill assure quality suggested operations procedures, advertising and merchanproducts. In turn 11,028 distributors of Standard products, dising support. Thus by helping them to help themselves,

represented by these six Western independent businessmen, we are both able to serve you better.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better

498 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA DURHAM makes the folding metal chairs you need! //"AND TESTEDAPPROVEDN\

I BY LEADING, INSTITUTIONS FOR / VOVER 50 YEARS +*

COMFORTABLE, HANDSOME styling. Streamlined The Church

to They look easier use, more comfortable "if... and they are! Extra

width seats and backs, shaped and curved for correct, easy posture. Moves On 9 No. 875

DURABLE, EASY TO HANDLE April 1958 Tested strength, achieved by using Preannual general conference meetings began with a meetheavier gauge steel ing of mission presidents and General Authorities. and improved design,

the result of 50 years'The annual twoday conference of the Primary association facture.experienceEasyin tomanufold,

convened on Temple Square and in adjacent buildings. Tocarry, set up again.

day's sessions were largely for stake officers.

The closing day of the annual Primary conference featured a testimonial meeting, general sessions in the Tabernacle, ECONOMICAL TO and a reception at Hotel Utah. BUY AND TO USE

Pricewise and qualityThe 128th annual general conference of the Church opened wise, you'll find chairs your DURHAM in the sessions Tabernacle Square. Conference on Temple

best investment. They

televised were broadcast in in Utah and and Idaho, Utah, retain their sturdiness

Idaho, Nevada, and Oregon. and good looks

A missionary meeting was held this evening in the Tabernacle. through years of

Returned missionaries and other groups met in their semiroughest usage.

annual reunions throughout the city.

An early morning agricultural meeting in connection with No. 605 R

general conference was held on Temple Square.

The general sessions of the conference continued in the POSTURECORRECT.. Tabernacle. LADDERBACK.

ONE OF MANY. The priesthood session of the conference was conducted in STYLES FOR

the Tabernacle and carried by closedcircuit telephone to 128 JUVENILES chapels and halls in the United States and Canada. It was reported

that 45,154 bearers of the priesthood heard the services by this ALSO TABLET ARMmeans. CHAIRS FOR ADULTS

Groups of missionaries held their semiannual reunions. AND JUVENILES No. 251

of the Christ 128th general conference of Jesus Church lasts that... in STYLING CHAIRS

in the Saints Tabernacle. OTheof Latterday Sunday ended today that and LAST... LAST... and LAST!

morning's session was telecast in Utah, Idaho, California, Write for catalog giving complete specifiNevada, Arizona, Colorado, Oregon, and Washington. cations and illustrating the superior conElder Harold B. Lee of the Council of the Twelve spoke to struction features of Durham folding

the nationwide audience of the Columbia Broadcasting System's metal chairs. Choice of channel or tuburadio network "Church of the Air"program. His sermon was titled: larupholsteredsteel frames.seats. Wood,Posturecurvedsteel or padded,metal,

"Courage to Face Life's Inevitables through Faith in a Redeemer."contoured wire, or padded, upholstered

Elder Hugh B. Brown, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve, backs. Hymn rack attachaddressed the "Faith in Action"radio program of the National ments. Also folding tables,

Broadcasting Company's radio network. His title was: "He Is foldingbook shelfchairladders,units for usesteelin

Not Here, but Is Risen."libraries and offices. New

Elder Hugh B. Brown was sustained a member of the Council tablet armchairs! Be sure

of the Twelve; Elders Gordon B. Hinckley and Henry D. Taylor of the best—buy Durham!

were sustained as Assistants to the Council of the Twelve; and

Elder Albert Theodore Tuttle was sustained as a member of the MFG. CORP. First Council of the Seventy. DURHADept. E-78, MUNCIE, INDIANA

America's Most Complete Line of Folding and I'formal Furniture

JULY 1958 499 Anne Bennion—

New Appointee to YWMIA General Board

: 'W%.; 3TOSS|gsssse-.-;.:--. ssggssB-0"...-:.: sMis

WtiWBT'

The appointment of Anne Bennion, recently returned from the

French Mission, to membership on the general board of the Young

Women's Mutual Improvement Association has been announced.

Miss Bennion, returned from her mission in January, and since that time has been a member of the Tabernacle Choir and a teacher in

Get Your Education theLakeEnsignCity) FirstStake,Ward,SundayEnsignSchool.(Salt

to Prior her mission, she served director of the Ensign music - - asThe Y's Way Stake School and Sunday YWMIA,

With outstanding faculty and facilities and a philosophy YWMIA organist, and ward chorister.

of balanced education, BYU is inspiring its unusually She is the daughter of Elder Kenmotivated students to great careers in a scientific age. neth S. and Sister Bernice Bennion.

BYU graduates are in demand over the nation because He is Director of the LDS Business of their superior training, not only in their academic College and a member of the Deseret fields but also in preparation for life. The Church uniSunday School Union general board.

versity is able to train the WHOLE man, resulting in Her first assignment on the deep education of mind and soul together. Get your YWMIA general board will be with

education the Y's way. Plan NOW to attend autumn the Bee Hive committee.

quarter.

Freshman Orientation, Sept. 2427

Autumn Quarter Registration, Sept. 29, 30

For information write Public Relations Dept.

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY ADMONITION

PROVO - UTAH by John W. Ruppert

Let us in silence tread This cool, brownneedled path that softly turns In the shade of firs and holds through walling ferns An underway, a groove. There are

unsaid Around us here and heaping deep,

Unnumbered days; they do not

sleep.

500 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA You're welcome to Postum's good wholegrain flavor

When you're looking for a hearty, healthful drink... try

Postum. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals, slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor.

Postum is 100% coffeefree... contains no caffein or

other artificial stimulants. And don't forget, Postum tastes

so good... and it's so good for you!

100% caffeinfree 1 Another fine product from General Foods

JULY 1958 501 vMi, Virtues of

by President David O. McKay

The ideals which the pioneers of our valleys of the West fostered and upheld, even under the most adverse conditions, are as applicable today in the whole earth as they were then in the Rocky Mountain settlements.

I name first their faith and reverence. In their

hearts were a faith and a reverence for God which::.-: the world needs today more than anything else.

A second virtue is thrift and economy. They condemned idleness and wastefulness as not being in

accordance with the rules of heaven. They recognized the need of mutual aid between capital and

labor, and not only taught but also practised a spirit of cooperation between them.

Another quality exemplified by the pioneers and one of the most applicable to happiness and peace, is the little, simple virtue of selfcontrol. If practised in the home, neither husband nor wife would

say anything in the heat of temper that would wound the feelings of the other. In the workaday world,

in the trials of everyday life, we become tense, responsibilities begin to weigh upon us, and we lose., our tempers, and we speak harshly to one another—

which produces disharmony, vexation of spirit, rift between hearts, and separation.

Another vital element applicable today is the pioneers'attitude toward slander. A person who revels

in slander or gossip is mediocre, or lower. Whether

by chance he has prominence in social circles, political circles, or in the Church, he lacks nobility of soul.

Much has been said about the pioneer women. But

you will find few of their names inscribed on monuments erected to the brave. Some are not even

\ \ yHH ill known beyond their family circles; not a few lie

in unmarked graves out on the plains; but the burdens

:u.: *.::,..,: hiSMH.

The Editors Page

the Pioneers

they bore uncomplainingly, the contributions they false. Outwardly they seem glamorous and glorious,

made to the settlement of the arid West, the virtues but when tested and tried in the scrutiny of experience, they exemplified in the midst of trials and almost nothing remains but the dust of disappointment.

superhuman endurance entitle them to an honored Finally, the noblest ideal of these honored pioneers, place among the heroines of the world. and the noblest ideal in the Church today, is the

The pioneer woman was equal to any emergency. ideal of service. Before they started out on their

Her courage in crises when she faced threatened pioneer trail each day, they had their prayers either death equaled and, in some cases, exceeded that of her in the wagon or around the circle. Each family in

husband. She was loyal to her loved ones, to the every wagon had its prayers. The second thing which

Church, and to God. She endured untold hardships they had to do was to see that their muskets were

uncomplainingly. She was unselfish, brave, and fulproperly loaded. The driver would carry his musket

filled, under most adverse conditions, the responsiacross his knees with the firelock ready; those who

bilities of motherhood—woman's noblest calling. walked at the side of their teams carried the musket

Looking among my treasures recently, I picked up on the arm, in preparation for any eventuality. The

a piece of old homespun cloth. It was woven by my third instruction was, "Let every man be considerate

grandmother. My grandfather clipped the wool from and as interested in his neighbor's welfare as in his

the sheep out of which the cloth was made. There own."They helped one another in adversity, shared

were no factories in Utah then. The cloth was carded with the hungry the last loaf of bread, gave of their

and spun into thread by my grandmother, who had time and means for the upbuilding of the community, walked across the plains. As I looked at my treasured and on not a few occasions offered their lives for the

homespun cloth, it was old and threadbare, but genutruth.

ine, and there was not a shoddy thread in it. They were strong, true, virtuous, upright, GodAbout that time I saw my daughter examining a fearing citizens and people of God—these pioneers of

sample of a modern piece of cloth which she wished our mountain west.

to use for a special purpose. As she picked the threads Today we drive our paved highways, leading to

apart and examined them closely, she suddenly excities of comfortable homes, of towering business claimed, "Why, this is nothing but paper."Outwardly blocks, of churches, schools—and transportation

it outshone in newness and attractiveness the old piece arteries leading to every great center of the worldof homespun, but in reality it was shoddy. all built upon the foundations laid by pioneers, and by

What that piece of homespun is to a modern substithose who have come after them.

tute for genuine cloth, so fundamental, unchanging Rich in material accomplishment, let us ever cherish virtues that have stood the test of ages are to promises that integrity and faith triumphant which inspired the of pleasure, indulgence, and false ideals in modern pioneers. Let us ever remember that the best way to

society. The old fundamental ideals are genuine. honor the memory of our pioneers is not merely by

Some ideals which appeal today are attractive but words, but by emulating their deeds.

JULY 1958 503

What is the significance of the dove,

What was its meaning at

QUESTION: "In our stake missionary class

we had some discussion in relation to the Holy Ghost descending and resting on Jesns at the time of his baptism by John. In Matthew 3:16 and Mark 1:10 we

read that John saw the Holy Ghost descending 'like a dove; and in Luke 3:22, 'And the Holy Ghost descended in a bodily shape like a dove upon him.'

1 Nephi 11:27 states that Nephi saw in vision the

baptism of Christ, and he says, 'I beheld the heavens open, and the Holy Ghost come down out of heaven and abide upon him in the form of a dove.'This

agrees with what is written in section 93, verse 15, in the Doctrine and Covenants. 'And I, John, bear record, and lo, the heavens were opened, and the Holy

Ghost descended upon him in the form of a dove, and sat upon him,... 'This is repeated in 2 Nephi

31:8. Now, we know that the Holy Ghost is a Personage of Spirit in the shape of a man, and the third Your member of the Godhead; but we are not clear in

regard to the manner in which the Holy Ghost rested upon the Savior, whether it was as a dove would descend or if he took, in fact, the form of a dove. How Question can we explain this to an investigator?"

by Joseph Fielding Smith ANSWER The Prophet Joseph Smith has

President of the Council of the Twelve given us the clearest explanation of this wonderful event in discussing the question of the greatness of

John. He said John was one of the greatest of prophets.

His greatness was not due to his prophesying or because he performed great miracles, but because he was entrusted with the mission of preparing the way before the Lord and he also had the honor to baptize him.

Said Joseph Smith: "Whoever led the Son of God into

the waters of baptism, and had the privilege of beholding the Holy Ghost descend in the form of a dove, or rather in the sign of the dove, in witness of that administration? The sign of the dove was instituted before

the creation of the world, a witness for the Holy Ghost, and the devil cannot come in the sign of a dove. The

Holy Ghost is a personage, and is in the form of a personage. It does not confine itself to the form of the

dove, but in sign of the dove. The Holy Ghost can504 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

or the sign of the dove, in scripture?

the baptism of the Savior?

not be transformed into a dove; but the sign of a for a son, or for a daughter, she shall bring a lamb

dove was given to John to signify the truth of the of the first year for a burnt offering, and a young deed, as the dove is an emblem or token of truth pigeon, or a turtledove, for a sin offering, unto the and innocence."1 door of the tabernacle of the congregation, unto the

We raise no question as to the fact that the Holy priest:

Ghost did appear to John in the form of a dove and "Who shall offer it before the Lord, and make an that the sign of the dove was given to him as conatonement for her; and she shall be cleansed from the

vincing evidence that it was verily the Son of God issue of her blood. This is the law for her that hath

whom he baptized. It is also true that Nephi was born a male or a female.

granted in vision to have the same experience. He "And if she be not able to bring a lamb, then she

saw the baptism of our Lord and the Holy Ghost shall bring two turtles [turtle doves], or two young descend upon the Lord apparently in the form of a pigeons; the one for the burnt offering, and the other

dove, the dove being an emblem of purity. It is for a sin offering: and the priest shall make an atoneinteresting to consider other passages of scripture in ment for her, and she shall be clean."2

regard to the dove. Satan cannot imitate this sign; A short time after the birth of our Savior, when

that is one thing which is denied him. The dove has the days of his mother's purification were accombeen considered as a sacred emblem through the hisplished, "they brought him, to Jerusalem, to present

tory of Israel. It was the dove which Noah sent him to the Lord....

forth from the Ark which returned to him with the "And to offer a sacrifice according to that which is evidence that the waters had departed from the said in the law of the Lord, A pair of turtledoves, or face of the earth. The dove as an emblem of purity two young pigeons."3

was offered in sacrifice in ancient Israel, and perhaps In counseling his apostles as they were about to go before, by which means certain sins were cleansed. forth on their first missionary journey, the Lord said

Chief among these was the purifying of mothers after to them: "Behold, I send you forth as sheep in the

the birth of their children as follows: midst of wolves: be ye therefore wise as serpents,

"And when the days of her purifying are fulfilled, and harmless as doves."4

( See page 559 for references.

REFUGE

by Georgia Moore Eberling

There is no place in this unquiet world where one may find a refuge and be safe, for everywhere Mars'thunderbolts are hurled and Peace walks lonely like a homeless waif.

The world is wracked with battlepangs and fear..

Distress of nations and signs in the sky foretell that Armageddon may be near.

Now men search space and swifter wings to fly.

But there is one sure fortress for each heart that finds God in the stillness of the soul, for Faith and Hope dwell in that "place apart,"and Courage comes though waves of tumult roll.

JULY 1958 505.

sident and Sister McKay (top) are greeted at Honolulu by Church leaders; (center) President and Sister McKay and the Right HonMinisterorable Nash, Walter Prime

Beisinger.Clifton Boyack and George of New( BelowZealand,) Onewithof Presidentsthe eight

groups of LDS girls from choirs who sang for the dedicatory services

Welcoming ceremony in honor of the

President's party ( right ) Groups visiting the temple (below).

This was the day for which they had prayed and waited, this day in April 1958 when the house of the

Lord was to be dedicated.

From the South Island and the North Island of

New Zealand had come Pakeha and Maori. From

Australia—even from faraway Perth on the west

coast and from Tasmania to the south—had gathered

the Saints of the two Australian missions. From the

isles of the sea, by boat and plane, had assembled the people of Samoa, Tonga, Raratonga, and Fiji. Tahiti

and Hawaii likewise were represented. And then

from America came the President of the Church and others of the General Authorities and their wives, to-, gether with missionaries who once had labored in

New Zealand and now returned in a great airborne caravan.

They were men of many patterns—men of the trades

and professions, factory workers, gatherers of copra, divers for pearl shell. But they were strangely alike.

A businessman from the United States said he had

Temple, in the Pacific

by Gordon B. Hinckley

'< Assistalitto the Council of the Twelve

never cried so much as when he embraced the brown- a neat pattern of fields. Then came the Saints, readskinned, nnforgetting people among whom he had ing blueprints six days a week and the Bible on the

labored twenty years earlier. seventh.

There was no race distinction. All were citizens From the Church forest came the Rimu wood.

of the kingdom of God. All held the priesthood, and From the quarries came sand and pumice. A mill, a

observing them, one sensed the limitless power for concrete block plant, a joinery, a garage. Here was

goodness, unity, and truth in men bound together pioneering again, done by missionaries.

in the work and the authority of the Lord. For three weeks prior to the temple dedication the

Most of them were accompanied by their wives. public was escorted through the building, 112,000 of

Some brought their children. Nothing like it had been New Zealand's two millionplus citizens. They were

seen before in all that vast area of the Pacific. Generacurious; they were courteous; and they were complitions likely would pass before there would be anmentary. They saw the miracle of this projecteach

other occasion its equal. The New Zealand Temple block made and laid by missionary hands, each nail

was to be dedicated. driven, each pipe joint tightened by those who had

In the green valley of the Waikato River a miracle consecrated their labors.

had been wrought.'There had been a feverish cleanup in anticipation

On peatland and meadow had grown a campus, of the dedication. The low wail of a siren sounded

and on the hill to the south stood a temple. Seven each morning at five to awaken those who had labored

years earlier this had been a farm, as was now the until midnight the evening before. A quick breakarea surrounding it. Hedgerows had divided it into fast, a morning prayer, and the crew was at work.

JULY 1958 Group leaving the temple after the eighth and final dedicaand Sister David O. McKay, Elder and Sister Delbert L.

tory service. Left to right, they are: Elder and Sister Wendell Stapley, Elder and Sister Gordon B. Hinckley, Elder and Sister

B. Mendenhall, Elder and Sister E. Albert Rosenvall, Elder and Ariel S. Ballif, and Elder and Sister Edward O. Anderson.

Sister Marion G. Romney, Elder Rulon H. Tingey, President Elder Rosenvall is president of the new temple.

President and Sister McKay arrived at the temple over five hundred voices present a concert of songs on Saturday, April 19. They were accompanied by familiar to members of the Church throughout the

Elders Marion G. Romney and Delbert L. Stapley world. Most of the visitors caught their first glimpse

of the Council of the Twelve, myself, Wendell B. of the temple at night. It appeared almost to stand

Mendenhall, chairman of the Church building comin the sky. But for the lighted stairways leading to

mittee, George R. Beisinger, construction supervisor., the temple entrance, the surroundings were invisible.

and our wives. Elder Rulon H. Tingey, former New Far from the glow of city lights, and illuminated only

Zealand missionary, traveled with President McKay by its own lighting, it looked a thing apart from this as secretary. world.

The presidents of the Pacific missions were there The ground line is 58 feet above the highway. The

with their wives—Ariel S. Ballif of New Zealand, polished bronze tower reaches 157 feet above the

Zelph Y. Erekson of Australia, Thomas M. Bingham ground and 215 feet above the highway.

and his successor, John O. Simonson, of South AusStanding majestically under the Southern Cross,

tralia, Charles M. Sampson of Samoa, Fred W. Stone and facing twelve degrees east of north, this temple on

of Tonga, Ellis V. Christensen of Tahiti. President the hill in Tuhikaramea already has become a landEdward Y. Clissold of the Oahu Stake and member of mark in New Zealand.

the Pacific Board of Education, also former president To the east are the peat lands, brown and flat, but of the Hawaiian Temple, had come from Honolulu. promising. They are being drained, and one day

Most affectionately received, among visitors from they will be green and inviting. To the north is the

the States, was Elva S. Cowley, widow of Elder campus of the Church College of New Zealand,

Matthew Cowley, the beloved apostle to the Polywhite buildings surrounded by spacious lawns. To

nesians. the east are soft rolling hills, green and fertile, remiFor two years the people of the missions had preniscent of the lovely English countryside. To the

pared for this occasion. President McKay was led south are choice pasture lands where fat sheep feed.

from his car by two men in Maori dress. In tradiHere, also directly behind the temple, is the home of

tional fashion he was challenged, as had been visiting the temple president.

chiefs of old, then embraced. Dedication day dawned with promise. To this

Six thousand members of the Church stood in first session on Sunday, April 20, came presidentsreverent attention with bared heads. Elderly women, heads of missions, districts, branches, priesthood

remembering the visits of Elders McKay and Hugh quorums. It was a picture of promise, those six

J. Cannon to the missions in 1921, wept with gladness hundred men and their wives seated in the temple.

at the return of the prophet of the Lord. Old men, Here were leaders who had been tried and proved

strong men who had been valiant in the faith shouted faithful, and in looking into their faces one felt an welcomes. assurance that the Church in the Pacific is in strong

It was a warm, lazy autumn day, perfect "football and able hands, and that the future is bright with weather"to those who had come from the States. promise.

For three and a half hours Maoris, Samoans, and

Tongans, "all in colorful native costume, performed The choir opened with Parley P. Pratt's immortal

authentic dances and songs of welcome in one of the hymn of the Restoration:

most spectacular displays ever seen in New Zealand."

That evening some four thousand people met in the "The morning breaks; the shadows flee;

new David O. McKay Building to hear a chorus of Lo, Zion's standard is unfurled!

508 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The dawning of a brighter clay, Baptisms for the dead were conducted on Monday.

Majestic rises on the world."On Wednesday evening the regular ordinance work

began with the group from Tonga who were scheduled

It.was prophetic. That was an unforgettable to leave the next day for their island homes. This

morning. work was conducted in the language of the people

"They, the builders of the temple."These attended who participated: Tongan, followed by English,

the Sunday afternoon session. On this same site for Samoan, and later by Maori and Tahitian.

years they had been troweling concrete, laying block, The preparation of the temple ordinances in the sawing, hammering, sanding, painting. Now they various languages had been a great labor of love,

entered quietly and sat reverently. This was the done for the most part in the Salt Lake Temple by

work of their hands, this holy structure. With the natives and missionaries who spent uncounted hours

prayer of their prophet and with songs of hosanna in this work.

they now consecrated it to the Lord.

On Monday morning the Australian Saints assemThe temple contains four sealing rooms, and here bled—fathers, mothers, and beautiful children. One at the conclusion of the ordinance work was witnessed

man had sold his car and furniture, and traveled a the kind of love that almost seems to foreshadow distance greater than from San Francisco to New heaven. Here, in the authority of the Holy PriestYork. What matter the price of these earthly things hood, parents and children were sealed together in

in comparison with the blessings here to be gained? a union that can be broken only by sin or neglect.

Was it worth it? Yes, every sixpence that it had cost. A little woman came with her husband. They were

It would have been worth it had it been necessary evidently people of extremely modest circumstances.

to go another nine thousand miles. She held in her hand a straw basket, and in the

That afternoon was given over to the Saints from basket a Book of Remembrance, the record of her

Samoa. The invocation was offered by a big man people, laboriously gathered. To the temple she

with a brown skin, dressed in a white lava lava. brought that record, out of the love born of the gosHis English was flawless, his expression inspiring. pel, that those of her people who had gone before

Another was called on to interpret for President might enjoy the rich blessings of which she bore

McKay. Again in a white lava lava, with white shirt testimony.

and neat cravat, his feet without shoes, he stood A widow, the mother of seventeen children, brought beside the President and with a facility seldom seen the record of her family. Her husband had joined

in a translator, spoke in the language of his people the Church at a time when persecution was expected the words of their leader. and experienced. Now these many years he had

The friendly, wonderful people of Tonga gathered been gone, and she had stood alone struggling for the next morning. There was a kindness in their her children, three of whom had passed away. The

expressions, a trusting naivete in their manner that tears she shed with the assurance of reunion were made one feel that here surely were the children tears which came of appreciation and testimony.

of the Lord. The difficult task of recording was handled by A.

Then followed sessions on Tuesday afternoon, and Bent Peterson, recorder of the Los Angeles Temple.

Wednesday, for the people of New Zealand. William A. Cole, representing the Genealogical SoIntermingled were Maoris and Europeans. Elderly ciety, assisted with this work, all under the direction

Maori women, whose faces were tattooed and whose of E. Albert Rosenvall, temple president.

hands were wrinkled with the labor of years, sat with During the days immediately following the dedicablue-eyed, fairskinned, shawlwrapped women who tion 1071 ordinances were performed.

looked as if they belonged in the cities of England. Most of those who came to the temple lived in

Again, there was something prophetic about it. tents. A veritable tent village had been constructed,

Here were two great strains of the house of Israel—housing some eight hundred members of the Church,

the children of Ephraim from the isles of Britain, and including elders of the New Zealand Mission.

the children of Lehi from the isles of the Pacific. With their initial ordinance work completed, the

At each of these eight sessions President McKay people returned to their homes and the missionaries spoke and offered the dedicatory prayer. At each to their fields of labor. But, as many testified, they

session selected choirs sang, "Holiness Becometh the will never be the same after that experience.

House of the Lord"and "The House of the Lord Is Following dedication of the temple, the college

Completed."A soloist presented "Bless This House."and its buildings were dedicated in services held

With the exception of the solos, the music was furThursday, April 24, in the David O. McKay Building.

nished withoutaccompaniment. Said to be the largest (Continued on page 538)

JULY 1958 509 Leadership Development only applies to the future; it also applies to the

present. It also applies to our eternal exaltation in

the celestial kingdom.

Probably the word that represents the most tragedy in our lives is the word, unprepared. The word unprepared is tragic because it implies that the failure

was preventable. Try to picture the needless embarrassment and disappointment of the five foolish

virgins with no oil in their lamps. Their foolishness

was their neglect. Every day we see the tragedies of

young men with untrained minds and unschooled spirits. The benefit is available, but they "receive not

the gift."Preparation

by Sterling W. Sill

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

No advance interest had been taken.

Recently I attended an important church meeting to which a hundred leaders had been invited. To betvery day we see the tragedies gin with, those in charge of the meeting -were late

of young men with untrained in arriving. The roem in which the meeting was to

minds and unschooled spirits* be held was in complete disorder, indicating that no advance interest had been taken. The chairs had not

The benefit is available, but j been arranged. The room had not been aired out.

they "receive not the gift. There were no flowers, songbooks, or other evidences

that the leaders had given any thought whatever to this important occasion. The meeting itself was not

organized, and therefore failed in its purpose. But

the leaders were in as great a disarray as the room.

One of the most beautiful, wonderful, useful, effecLack of preparation is significant for many reasons.

tive words in our language is the word preparation. It is usually the cause of failure, but it is even more

The habit of being prepared has brought more sucimportant for what it indicates in people. It shows

cess, been responsible for more happiness, done more apathy and sloth in visible form and pictures the ungood, and saved more souls than any other single willingness of the people concerned to assume their thing. The most productive workers, the most pleasproper responsibility. Solomon said, "Where there

ant friends, the most useful citizens, and the best is no vision, the people perish."(Prov. 29:18.) How

church leaders are those who are always fully pretrue that is. And if we cannot see the little things

pared. Almost all of life is made up of preparation. lying immediately before our eyes, how can we hope

How well we prepare determines almost every sucto see the great things lying off in the distant future?

cess. We prepare for school; we prepare for marriage; When Jesus appeared upon the American continent

we prepare for our life's work; we prepare for life after his resurrection, the people were unprepared to

itself; we prepare for death. Someone has said, "The receive him. For many years, prophets had told them

future belongs to him who prepares for it."That not of his coming to redeem the world. This would be one

510 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of the greatest events ever to take place, and would happen but once in the history of the world. But

when Jesus came, the people were not ready. They

were even unprepared to learn. Jesus said to them,

"I perceive that ye are weak, and that ye cannot understand all my words which I am commanded of the Father to speak unto you at this time.

"Therefore, go ye into your homes and ponder the things which I have said, and ask of the Father, in my name, that ye may understand, and prepare your minds for the morrow, and I come unto you again."

(3 Nephi 17:2-3.)

It was not enough that Jesus had given his life for them. Now he must wait while they prepared

their minds even to understand his message. People

were unprepared in the days of Noah; they were not

prepared in Jerusalem; they were unprepared upon The grand prizes go to those who are ready.

the western continent. And we will still be unprepared when he comes again in glory in the clouds of physically, mentally, emotionally, and spiritually. The

heaven. grand prizes in life go to those who are ready.

Preparation is the most important part of our lives. Walter Hagen, one of the greatest of all golf chamIt is the most prominent teaching of the Lord. Jesus pions, was once asked about the secret of his success.

himself lived upon the earth only thirtythree years, He said that early in his career he discovered that he thirty of which were spent in preparation. If you could not "outplay"his opponents in the tournament

want that percentage figure, it is over 90 percent. unless he "outworked"them during training. He won

Scripture is filled with such admonitions as: "Prepare many championships because he drilled hour after

ye the way of the Lord.""Prepare yourselves for that hour. He practised every stroke until it was perfect.

which is to come.""Prepare my people for that great Then in the tournament, he was prepared.

day.""Prepare your hearts."The greatest need of Just suppose that we follow that course in our

our lives is for adequate preparation. church work and in our lives generally. Is there a

The dictionary says preparation is "to set in order, better way to develop leadership than by thorough to make things ready, to put together according to a preparation, constant study, and intensive drill? If

plan or formula."That applies to our thoughts and it was profitable for Walter Hagen to prepare for a

our minds and our lives. We need to practise it golf tournament, certainly it is profitable for us to

every day and in everyday things. We have an enprepare for the celestial kingdom.

tire life in which to put our lives together according Another great champion once said that he owed to a divine formula, and yet, with a lifetime to premore credit for his success to the habit of "always pare, most people miss the boat. The vast majority being ready"than to all of his natural abilities comat the chance to of all those who have lived or who will live upon the bined. We think we would jump

earth, will present themselves before God in the improve our abilities, and that is the purpose of preparation. Certainly preparation is our most wonderful

judgment, unprepared to enter the celestial kingdom.

What a wonderful improvement we can bring about opportunity. Yet how seldom we really take advanin our lives if we acquire not only the "ability"but tage of it. How seldom (Continued on page 542)

also the "habit"of being prepared, of always getting things thoroughly organized and arranged in advance.

Napoleon said that Providence was on the side of the army with the strongest battalions. Napoleon

knew the tremendous military advantage that came to those who were trained and organized and thoroughly prepared in advance. Certainly the Lord is

on the side of those who are prepared, those who have trained themselves to be valiant, industrious, and faithful. They are the ones who have their minds

made up and their hearts determined. The Lord is

on the side of those who have prepared themselves A little smattering of books, and they are ready for business.

JULY 19 58 511 Third of the Series So That's What Boys Are Made Of

The "Me"Stage

by W. Cleon Skousen

Chief of Police, Salt Lake City

(Behavior Patterns and Problems, Ages 3 to 6) dis way, Mommy?"He enjoys being told how well he

does things. He likes to play in the same room

In the previous articles we saw how human developwhere his mother is working—which accounts for his

ment follows a marvelous pattern of rhythmical ebb toy menagerie taking over the kitchen, front room, and flow. and dining room. For the most part, cooperation

The first year is like an ebb tide—quiet, comand pleasant companionship characterize his pattern

placent, and receptive. The second year is just the during this period. The exception is when he eats.

opposite. The twoyear-old comes crashing into shore Beginning shortly before age three, Junior goes on

with a wild gleam in his eye and a spirit of high a hunger strike that may last as long as two years.

adventure in his soul. Then suddenly, at around Of course, he does eat, but like a bird—a hummingthree, the tide changes again, and we find our little bird. The effect on his mother is likely to create a

man taking on the attributes of mature babyhoodfour-alarm panic, especially when she begins to obhe can feed himself, dress himself, even entertain serve that her chubby little cherub is threatening to himself. Not all children change their tidal pattern take on the skinny proportions of a stringbean pole.

at the same time nor with the same intensity, but Frantically, we hasten to the doctor with this tragic they all follow the pattern eventually. Let us take disclosure. With professional patience he guides us

a look at Junior in his moment of triumph as a threeinto a quiet back office and there softly whispers, yearold. "Junior's glands are changing."

"Perhaps so,"we reply impatiently, "meanwhile,

Portrait of a ThreeYear-Old he won't eat!"

"He doesn't have to eat,"says the doctor, "at least,

By the time a boy is three years old, he can look not like he used to."

back on a career of notable achievement. He has "But he's losing weight!"we argue.

learned to crawl, walk, run, and climb. He is nimble "No, he's just shifting it around,"he explains.

and quick and can dodge, throw, stop quickly, and Then, with just the right proportion of professional turn sharp corners. He swings his arms as he runs compassion, he exposes us to a most solemn secret

instead of holding them in front as he did a year ago. from the Ancient Order of How to Grow Babies. He

He has learned a new language with a vocabulary says that beginning around age two and onehalf a of several hundred words. He has developed some baby will begin to turn his rolypoly dimples and

definite likes and dislikes which make it easier for fat into muscles and bone. This results in a taller,

him to choose between alternatives. He has a slight more slender specimen of humanity. While this procsense of the future. We can therefore get him to ess is going on the little fellow has a sluggish appeco-operate because of some anticipated reward. When tite or none at all. The doctor says to encourage him

he plays on the tricky bars, he can dutifully wait his to eat when he will, but not to make a big issue out turn. (But if the others start crowding in, he is perof it. Unless he actually starts losing weight there is

fectly capable of survival by jungle law!) no cause for worry. He warns us that Junior's half-

A threeyear-old conforms. He often asks, "Is it alive appetite can be killed completely with piecing

512 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

or sweets. Even a chew of gum before dinner can What About "Slow"Children?

send him off to bed supperless. We might also mention that by the time certain

After a set of new parents have gone through this children are three years old their parents become food strike period with their first son and heir, they aware that they seem to be slow compared with youngusually feel far more casual about it when it hits sters their own age. They seem slow in learning to

their other children. walk or learning to talk. Often they refuse to be housebroken, bed broken, or thumb broken.

When we present these problems to our doctor, he will examine the little fellow and, unless there is some abnormality, tell us to relax. He tells us that "slowgrowing"babies often excel as adults. Some of the

world's greatest athletes were late learning to walk.

Some of the most accomplished public speakers were late learning to talk.

This means that the patterns of conduct we have described as "normal"for particular stages of development are flexible rather than fixed. And it is Mother

Nature (rather than parents) who must decide when a child will change from one stage to another. It

therefore becomes the role of the parents to go right ahead enjoying Junior for what he is without trying to force activities on him until Mother Nature has given the clear signal of "ready now!"

A threeyear-old may worry his parents when he is observed eating with his left hand rather than his right. It used to be considered desirable to let this

trend continue for fear the frustration of a change might cause Junior to stutter, but today many doctors agree with Dr. Abram Blau, who wrote, TJie Master

Hand.

This book provides considerable evidence that rightor lefthandedness is not inborn but is acquired through habit. Dr. Blau recommends that parents

tactfully help the child from the very beginning to use his right hand. However, if there is a positive

preference for the left hand and all attempts to make the change create violent antagonism, then it is thought best to let the matter go rather than fight or argue over it.

Being Kicked Out of the Nest Around threeand-onehalf or a little later—just as

we get Junior well adjusted to all the little "duties"and "habits"of a model child—something happens.

Perhaps it first begins happening in the minds of the parents—they start taking Junior for granted. Without

quite realizing it, they continue pushing Junior up the road of selfsufficiency. Actually, this is entirely

proper, but eventually Junior realizes precisely what is happening. Like a bolt of lightning from a summer sky the idea suddenly crackles in his brain: He

is being kicked out of the nest! With nostalgic anguish

he recalls the good old days when his parents fed him, dressed him, and really took care of him. In

those days when he fell down and got a scabby nose,

514 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA they rushed over, swept him up in their arms, anointed With their later children young parents find this his bruises, and kissed the hurt. Now he can fall stage much easier to cope with because they know it

flat on his face, and all they say is, "Get up, Junior, is just a phase of growing up and does not represent get up! Gotta be a little man now!"a complete personality backslide, as they originally

This scandalous development convinces Junior that thought. They learn to keep a little pressure on

life has reached a monumental crisis. Almost inJunior but give him lots of affection and considerable

stinctively he takes decisive action. He determines attention so he will gradually realize that he does

to blow a retreat and get back to his baby days as not have to work so hard to be somebody. As this

fast as he possible can. Overnight he starts acting gradually dawns on his little brain, he will have oclike a baby, whimpering like a baby, and demanding casional and sometimes frequent flights of "being

constant attention by every devious method his cungood"just as he used to be in those heavenly days ning little brain can conjure up. He throws tantrums, as a threeyear-old.

throws food, cries hysterically, and turns into a firstclass hooligan. This is the beginning of a threeyear Lying and Stealing

war on his parents literally to force them to return Before leaving our fouryear-old, however, we had to the "good old days."It is a period of centrifugal better mention two special problems which drive his

dynamics when Junior wants to make himself the parents to distraction (or to their pediatrician). One

center of the universe. The "Me"stage has arrived! is telling whopping lies and the other is stealing

everything he can lay his hands on. Fortunately,

Portrait of a FourYear-Old however, a little fellow of this age does not know he

The natural reaction of most parents to the "Me"is lying or stealing, and the worst mistake an adult stage is to interpret Junior's sudden collapse as a can make is to tell him he is a "liar"or a "thief."If he

tremendous catastrophe which must be recouped at ever gets the idea that he is either a liar or a thief, all costs. They therefore double the pressure to he is likely to wear it like a badge and continue his

make Junior conform the way he did so beautifully practices just because of the new status it gives him.

during the previous few months. The fact that he Junior's fibs at age four are really exercises in creadoes not respond is maddening since they know he tive imagination:

can do it. Obviously, he is just being stubborn. "Like "Mommy!"

his father!"the mother soliloquizes. "Yes."

But in this war for attention between Junior and "I just saw a dragon."

his parents it is helpful to realize that Mother Na- "Oh, Junior, you didn't see any dragon."

ture intended that Junior should win most of the "Sure I did. It was big as a house. Had horns'and

time. How, for example, can you avoid giving Junior burned a fire in its nose."

attention when his techniques include hammering "What did you do?"

on the piano, pounding on his baby brother, asking "Well, I just stood and watched. I was very brave."

millions of sly, provocative questions, pouncing on the "What happened to the dragon?"

sleeping cat, or trying to make the dog bite his own "It went down a gopher hole!"

tail? Amazingly, he will even do things to get attenParents soon learned that if they pretend to enjoy

tion when he knows the thing he is doing deserves Junior's tall tales and refer to them as real good (and is likely to require) a good paddling. "stories,"he soon gets the idea that his folks are pretty

Thus we are introduced to this astonishing period smart, and they can tell when something really hapof adventurous growth which belongs to a fouryear- pened and when he is just making it up for fun.

old. Mother Nature has endowed him with a brandAs for stealing, all a fouryear-old knows about it

new set of insights, and for awhile he will be aware is that he saw something, wanted it, and took it. His

of more things than he can manage. In wild glee sense of property rights is practically nonexistent

he thrusts out in all directions trying to experiment since everything he gets in life is subject to other with his newly discovered powers. He chatters conpeople's control. For example, he gets an electric

tinuously with his two thousand word vocabulary; he.train for Christmas; and the next thing he knows his

tells big stories; he tattles; he threatens; he calls dad knocks the cowcatcher off the engine experinames; he gives alibis. In the middle of the night menting with an elevated track. He gets the feeling

he gets up and takes exploratory excursions throughthat "possession"is "ownership,"so what he wants, he out the house; may even end up with his pillow and takes. A patient parent will let him play with an

blanket, sleeping behind the couch. He blusters up "acquired"toy for awhile and then go with him to

and down in a brave new world. He is indeed the return it to the neighbor boy.

center of the universe. (To be continued)

JULY 1958 515 Melchizedek Priesthood

What to do in Leadership

If the regular stake priesthood leadership meetings own whose responsibility it is to train quorum memare handled the way they should be, they are among bers in the duties of their callings and to lead them the best available tools for teaching the program of along the pathto eternal life in the kingdom of God.

priesthood reactivation and for checking on how it 4. It is the specific assignment of the stake Melis working in the stakes. chizedek Priesthood committee to train, counsel,

How shall these meetings be handled? What teach, aid, and help Melchizedek Priesthood quorum

should be discussed in the regularly scheduled priestpresidencies in understanding and discharging their hood departments? Who should conduct the discusresponsibilities.

sions? How can we get the most out of these sessions? 5. This help and guidance is given as part of the

First, let us fit the priesthood leadership meetings regular stake priesthood leadership meetings, as well into their proper perspective and position in the priestas on other occasions. Eight such leadership meethood program: ings are held in each stake each year—four of them

1. The stake presidency presides over all priesthood are conducted on a quorum presidency basis so that

holders and priesthood organizations in the stake. It the stake committee will have opportunity to instruct

is their obligation to regulate priesthood affairs in quorum presidencies, and four are held on a comconformity with the program of the Church. mittee basis so that members of the three standing

2. To aid the stake presidency in administering the committees can receive counsel and direction in their

details of all priesthood programs there are three important duties. The members of the stake Melregular committees: chizedek Priesthood committee conduct these depart-

a. Stake Melchizedek Priesthood committee ments.

b. Stake Aaronic Priesthood committee

c. Stake committee for senior members of the With these responsibilities and this organizational

Aaronic Priesthood. arrangement in mind, how shall the high councilmen

These committees are the eyes, ears, arms, and adin charge of the various departments prepare themministrative agencies of the stake presidency; the more selves to do effective jobs?

they are used, the more effectively the priesthood 1. Obviously they must know and have a working

programs work. familiarity with the general priesthood program of

3. Each priesthood quorum has a presidency of its the Church and be in harmony with it. There can

516 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Meetings

be no mental reservations as to following the Church the high councilmen to give more realistic help; for

program. example, they must know the geography of each area,

2. They must specialize on all phases of priesthood the social and financial status of members, the leaderreactivation so they can reach particular types of ship abilities of the officers, whether there are

delinquent brethren. farmers or lawyers in the quorum, how many mission-

3. A comprehensive knowledge of the Melchizedek aries in the area need help, and so on.

Priesthood Handbook is absolutely essential. 9. It is help and not pressure that is needed. The

4. Drawing on their own experiences and what they members of the high council so assigned should let

can learn from others, they must learn how to apply plans, projects, and programs originate with the quothe principles in the handbook to the practical probrum presidencies. Presidencies are the ones who

lems of the quorums. have been, given the keys to run the quorums, and

5. Certainly they must become intimately acthey should be permitted to exercise them in harmony

quainted with the quorum officers, understand the with the general program of the Church.

abilities and potential capacities of these brethren, and use wisdom and tact in counseling with them. Members of stake Melchizedek Priesthood commit-

6. High councilmen must also know their own place. tees who have prepared themselves for their work

They are to counsel and guide, to suggest and enalong the lines indicated above will have no difficulty courage; they do not preside; they do not run the determining what to do in the departments of stake

affairs of the quorums; they do not try to boss the priesthood leadership meetings. They will know the

quorum presidencies. Rather, they encourage these problems of the quorums and will have specific and

brethren to use their own initiative and abilities. practical suggestions to make.

7. It would be helpful if the members of the high If for any reason they feel they do not have an

council were aware of instances of good work being intimate working knowledge of these problems, they done in other stakes and areas so they could tell will—for instance—ask the quorum presidencies, a

quorum officers where to go for additional practical month in advance, to submit in writing a list of quessuggestions. tions and problems for discussion.

8. A working knowledge of the affairs of each quoThe general priesthood committee of the Church

rum—its projects, problems, potentials—will enable has no detailed outline of (Continued on page 545)

JULY 1958 517 Conducted by the Unified Church School System

n (A/fvy 41*64* "Wide

by Hermine Briggs Horman

LDS Department of Education

"Now the Lord had shown unto me, Abraham, the "Famous educators plan new systems of pedaintelligences that were organized before the world gogy, but it is the Unknown Teacher who delivers was; and among all these there were many of the and guides the young. He lives in obscurity and

noble and great ones; contends with hardship. For him no trumpets blare,

"And God saw these souls that they were good, no chariots wait, no golden decorations are decreed.

and he stood in the midst of them, and he said: These He keeps the watch along the borders of darkness

I will make my rulers; for he stood among those that and leads the attack on the trenches of ignorance

were spirits, and he saw that they were good; and and folly. Patient in his duty, he quickens the inhe said unto me: Abraham, thou art one of them; thou dolent, encourages the eager, and steadies the unwast chosen before thou wast born."(Abraham 3:22stable. He communicates his own joy and learning

23.) and shares with boys and girls the best treasures of

What a dull world this would be if every man and his mind. He lights many candles which in later

woman were the same in feature, stature, ability, years will shine back to cheer him. This is his relikes, and dislikes! It was never intended to be so. ward.

In his wisdom our Heavenly Father has given unto "Knowledge may be gained from books; but the

each of his children to develop in his own way, in love of knowledge is transmitted only by personal his own time. Yet how often does the shortsightedcontact. No one has deserved better of the Republic

ness of men endeavor to distort this pattern by setting than the Unknown Teacher. No one is more worthy

a universal pace for all, regardless of the innate abilito be enrolled in a democratic aristocracy—king of

ties or personal desires of the individual! Whether himself and servant of mankind."

one is a professional teacher, a community leader, or A prominent contemporary educator, G. H. Reavis,

lays claim to the "teacher"title only at Church funchas penned a satire which cleverly points up probtions, there are certain fundamental factors of which lems which may exist in school situations.

he should be cognizant if he would "really teach."

Henry Van Dyke has given us a little insight into the The Animal School "ideal teaching"which will aid our basic understanding: "Once upon a time the animals had a school. The

"And what of teaching? Ah, there you have the curriculum eonsisted of running, climbing, and swimbest rewarded of all vocations. Dare not to enter it ming, and all the animals took all the subjects.

unless you love it. For the vast majority of men and "The duck was good in swimming, better in fact

women it has no promise of wealth or fame, but they than his instructor, and he made passing grades in to whom it is dear for its own sake are among the flying, but he was practically hopeless in running.

nobility of mankind. I sing the praise of the UnBecause he was low in this subject he was made to

known Teacher,... stay in after school and drop his swimming class in

518 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

spring to a badger when the school authorities refused to add digging to the curriculum."

Is it not somewhat of a paradox that we readily accept the limitations and abilities of our animal friends, the "lesser of God's creations,"but fail to acknowledge individual differences in our fellow beings? Because many of those who educate the mind

have seemingly turned blind eyes to this truth, we find in our modern culture a frustrated society, clamoring to be that which they are not, or cannot become, or perhaps were never meant to be. The result is

chaos and confusion, and an environment which lends itself to the ways of war rather than peace.

As we take the chalk in hand and face the eager, responsive group before us, we will, if we are to touch their lives, accept the fact that we are not all created equal; we will accept every child where he is, as he is,

and make certain that each has equal opportunity to find his better self. We can then begin to formulate

objectives which will be beneficial both to the teacher and to the learner. May I suggest the following plan

of attack, which will work equally well with a group studying the scriptures or a 4-H project:

Objectives of Teaching

Our method of approach should be:

1. Conductcentered and not activitycentered.

2. Built around personality needs.

3. Reveal the world as it is and not partially or

superficially.

4. Meet individual differences and not just get by

with them. 5. Evaluate pupil progress in terms of personality

development as well as academic achievement.

6. Provide sensory experiences to relieve tensions

and to crystallize attitudes into dynamic moral beorder to practise running. He kept this up until havior.

he was only average in swimming. But average is 7. Develop attitudes that are adjustive to an everacceptable, so nobody worried about that except the changing world.

duck. 8. Teach followership as well as leadership.

"The eagle was considered a problem pupil and 9. Help students live a more abundant life, for

was disciplined severely. He beat all the others to "Men are, that they might have joy."

the top of the tree in the climbing class, but he had With realistic objectives, the teacher has a better his own way of getting there. concept of his own role in the learning process. Some

"The rabbit started at the top of the class in running, argue that they would rather not "narrow"their but he had a nervous breakdown and had to drop out scope of teaching by an established protocol, while of school on account of so much makeup in swimming. the professional educators find the "defined"field one

"The squirrel led the climbing class, but his flying of unlimited challenge.

teacher made him start his flying lessons from the "I shall not make the dreams, the aspirations, the ground instead of from the top of the tree down, ambitions, the hopes of these strong, rested, restless, and he developed charley horses from overexertion curious children all come true. But I shall wake in

at the takeoff and began getting C's in climbing them new dreams, new visions of Canaans that each and D's in running. by effort may call his own, and arriving there find

"The practical prairie dogs apprenticed their offthe joy of labor and success. ( Continued on page 547

JULY 1958 519 / Think

by Christie Lund Coles

Papa was not rich by the standards of the world. Bar Room Floor,"which he had learned one summer

He never acquired acres of land, nor an imposing while herding sheep.

array of stocks and bonds. Most of what he had, he Father also wrote. He published a country newsspent or gave away. paper, and in his later years a small weekly in a

He spent for things to make life richer and better. larger city. Its subscription list was small, but it

In my childhood, he had the first telephone in town, contained names of some prominent people in prac- a fine piano, a horn phonograph (with a cylinder tically every nation of the world. In it, he wrote

record for capturing our infant syllables and childish many inspiring and wonderful things. He always

prattle), a typewriter. championed the underdog, always raised his voice

He never traveled, never belonged to men's clubs against injustice and evil.

or societies. His home was his heaven. He is remembered by many who knew and loved

Making money was not one of his talents—nor holdhim.

ing on to it! He is remembered by me.

Still to me, Papa was one of the richest men I ever I see him as he used to come through the door, knew. He lived richly, loved deeply, left, an enduring slowly, without ceremony, but with a certain regalimpression on those who knew him best. ness about him. Always when he came home there

He knew history better than most people and could was his smile and his kiss.

talk about memorable places with a feeling and underIf my mother, my two sisters, and I were not standing that people who had traveled the length and prettied up, he would say, "Remember, the king might breadth of the world never quite duplicated. come."

Early in life he acquired a love of books. That Finally, our answer came to be, "But the king has

love never left him even until the day he died. come."He would laugh, but Mama was his "queen"

One of my most prized recollections is the memory and we were his three jewels.

of his reading aloud Lord Byron, Keats, Dickens, And if we were prettied, he never took it for

Shakespeare. And I remember his reciting the westgranted, never failed to notice. Even the slightest

ern tearjerkers: "Ostler Joe"and "The Face On the new bauble caught his attention and his praise.

520 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I see His HanOs as HeOf Papa peeled my apple

I remember the feel

of those hands upon my head when I

was HL and his

gentle words

If we came to his little printing shop and office unexpectedly, he had a way of lifting his hands and saying, "Well, well,"as though it were the most wonderful surprise imaginable. No holiday, birthday,

or anniversary was ever forgotten.

He had so little, yet he loved beauty (Continued on page 555)

JULY 1958 521, '''.-'.....:.....::..:.:.. -...'...;..;..

522 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The new YMMIA superintendency: Joseph T. Bentley, BYU accounting department in 1953, and in 1955,

general superintendent (below). He is an assistant to the became its head.

President of Brigham Young University. Alvin R. Dyer, 1st In Church activity he has held most of the offices

assistant general superintendent (left). He is President of in the priesthood quorums and auxiliary organizations.

Central States Mission. G. Carlos Smith, 2nd assistant He was president of the Chihuahua Branch in 1939;

general superintendent (right). Elder Smith was formerly a counselor in the Roosevelt (Utah) Stake presidency,

President of Holladay (Stdt Lake City) Stake. 194142; a member of the Big Cottonwood (Utah)

Stake high council, 194346; president of the high

priests quorum, Big Cottonwood Stake, 194649;

president of the American Branch of the Church in by Albert L. Zobell, Jr. Mexico City, 1949; first counselor in the Mexican

Mission presidency, 195053; a member of the highResearch Editor council, East Sharon (Utah) Stake, 195356; second

counselor, Brigham Young University Stake, for a short time in 1956, and president of the Northern Mexican

Mission from June 1, 1956, until a few months ago.

The new general superintendency of the Young He and Mrs. Bentley are the parents of five children.

Men's Mutual Improvement Association—SuperintenWhen he was fifteen (the age of today's Explorers

dent Joseph T. Bentley, who was announced at the in the MIA), the young man who was to become the

April general conference, and his assistant superingeneral superintendent of the Mutual had a very tendents, Elders Alvin R. Dyer and G. Carlos Smith, serious illness. He was taken to El Paso, Texas, where

Jr., announced several weeks later, bring to their new he was examined thoroughly by three physicians.

responsibility training and wisdom gained by long Their verdict: he couldn't possibly live thirty days.

activity in the Church. But at the end of those thirty days he was well,

Superintendent Bentley is an assistant to the presithrough the healing power of the priesthood. This

dent of Brigham Young University, having recently is just one of the things that has strengthened the been released as president of the Northern Mexican faith of the new leader of one of the Church's youth

Mission. First Assistant Superintendent Dyer is servorganizations.

ing as president of the Central States Mission and is Elder Dyer was born January 1, 1904, in Salt Lake expected to be released of that responsibility this City, a son of Alfred Robert and Harriet Walsh summer. Second Assistant Superintendent Smith has Dyer. He filled a mission to the Eastern States

been serving as president of the Holladay Stake. in 192224, and married May E. Jackson, June 2, 1926.

Joseph Taylor Bentley was born March 6, 1906, in He served as a counselor for eight years in the

Colonia Juarez, Chihuahua, Mexico, the son of Fifteenth Ward bishopric; and in the bishopric of

Joseph C. and Maud Taylor Bentley. His father, a the Monument Park Ward for four years, and as bishmerchant, was robbed many times by Mexican revolu: op of Monument Park Ward for five years. He served

tionists of that day and time, and he was once held as YMMIA superintendent of the Sixteenth Ward and captive by the famous rebel, Pancho Villa. Superinas Sunday School superintendent in Yalecrest Ward.

tendent Bentley attended grade school in Mexico, and He has served as a member of the high council in Salt as a young lad had many exciting and faithpromoting Lake and Riverside stakes. While serving as mission

experiences during the revolutions. president, Elder Dyer has found time to be a member

In 1924 he came to Provo, and in 1928 was graduof the Missouri Historical Society and the Jackson ated by BYU in accounting and business administraCounty Historical Society. He and Mrs. Dyer are

tion, having worked his way through college. After the parents of two children.

his marriage to Kathleen Bench on June 14, 1928, he Elder Smith was born August 23, 1910, in Salt and his bride journeyed to New York City, where he Lake City, a son of George Carlos and Lillian Emery obtained employment and entered Columbia UniSmith. He was sustained as president of Big Cottonversity on a parttime basis. In 1930, he began teachwood Stake in 1949 (the name was changed to Coting at the Juarez Academy in Mexico and in 1935 was tonwood Stake in 1950); and as president of Holladay

employed by the American Smelting and Refining Stake in 1956; previously he had served as a counselor

Company offices in Chihuahua City. in the Big Cottonwood Stake presidency. He has

Coming again to Utah in 1940, Superintendent been a member of the YMMIA superintendency of

Bentley was principal of the Roosevelt High School. Holladay Ward and has been a Sunday School teacher.

In 1942 he came to the Salt Lake offices of the He is an Eagle Scout and a Master M Man. He marsmelting firm. Becoming a certified public accountant ried LaVon Petersen, March 16, 1933; they are the

in 1946, he opened his own offices. He joined the parents of five children.

JULY 1958 523 USSS lifUHi jSffiHk, MfflMUk

: v-

524 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The retiring superintendency: Elbert R. Curtis, general House Stake, and in addition to many ward and stake

superintendent (below, left). A. Walter Stevenson, 1st positions, he had also served as a missionary to the

assistant general superintendent (above, left). David S. British Isles, president of the Western States Mission,

King, 2nd assistant general superintendent (center). Ralph and secretary of the Melchizedek Priesthood commit-

W. Hardy, 2nd assistant general superintendent from tee of the Church. He also brought to the position

September 1948 to August 1949. Elder Hardy died August a wealth of training and experience in business. The

6, 1957. Lord had prepared him well for this important assignment.

As his assistants Superintendent Curtis chose A.

Walter Stevenson of the Mt. Ogden stake presidency,

and Ralph W. Hardy, bishop of the East Ensign Ward.

by Doyle L. Green A board of some fortyfive devoted and capable men

Managing Editor was selected to help carry on the program. When

Elder Hardy moved to Washington, D. C, in 1949,

he was replaced in the superintendency by David

S. King.

The decade just past has been a period of phenomenal growth in the Church and changing conditions in the world. Overall Church membership

between 1948 and 1957 increased from 1,041,970 to 1,488,314, or 42.8 percent. The number of wards

jumped from 1,313 to 2,081, while the number of stakes grew by 45.9 percent—from 172 to 251.

More than 214,000 young During this same period there was an alarming inmen twelve years of age and crease in juvenile delinquency throughout the nation.

older are enrolled in the Obscene literature overflooded the newsstands; teleYMMIA. It is no little assignvision with its resultant goods and ills vied for the

ment to be responsible for the attention of both young and old.

religious and recreational acMeanwhile, the tempo of already too fast living tivities for this group. The was speeding up and talk was turning to intercontimultitudinous duties involved nental ballistic missiles, space platforms, and rocket

include the planning, buildships.

ing, and supervising of manual What a challenge to keep MIA vibrant and vital, and recreational programs, to build and administer a program which would fit preparation of handbooks and the needs of the young men of the rapidly growing manuals, training of leaders, Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints as the conducting of conventions world entered the space age!

and institutes throughout all But the challenge was met by Elder Curtis and his the stakes of the Church, associates, working closely with the YWMIA general managing the affairs of the presidency—Bertha S. Reeder, Emily H. Bennett, and J business and circulation deLaRue C. Longden, and their board. Emphasis has

partments of The Improvement Era, directing the been placed on the needs of the individual, and all great M-Men and Jr. M-Men, Explorer, and Boy activities have been built on the theory that the worth

Scout programs, and supervising many other activities of each boy is great, that given the right training and held jointly with the young women's organization. opportunities he is a potential leader and pillar of

This important phase of the Church program has strength for the Church, a potential head of a faithful been directed since its inception by some great leaders, Latterday Saint family.

including four presidents of the Church and three How well has the program been working?

apostles: Junius F. Wells, 18761880; Wilford Wood- A stake president reports that thirtythree people in

ruff, 18801898; Lorenzo Snow, 18981901; Joseph F. his stake joined the Church in one year recently beSmith, 19011918; Anthony W. Ivins, 19181921; cause they became interested in the gospel through

George Albert Smith, 19211935; Albert E. Bowen, the program of the Mutual Improvement Associations.

19351937; and George Q. Morris, 19371948. Each In a ward in that same stake, two missionaries formed

of these men and those who worked with them conthe nucleus of an M-Men basketball squad on which tributed to the imposing structure that is now the MIA. seven nonmembers also played. All seven became

Ten years ago when Elder Morris was appointed converted and were baptized, and five of them filled president of the Eastern States Mission, the responsimissions. Some of these young men learned to pray

bility of the YMMIA was entrusted to Elbert R. Curtis, while bowing their heads with their teammates in

who had been trained through a lifetime of devoted dressing rooms before games.

service in the Church for the many and varied tasks A mission president writes: "In the mission, athletics

required of the general superintendent of the Young and sports are regarded as essential factors in our

Men's Mutual Improvement Association. He was at proselyting. I am thinking now of the Ashton Branch

the time of his appointment president of the Sugar of the Manchester District which received its organJULY 1958 525

Twentyfour thouParticipants in allChurch junior softMore than 550 dance festivals are Young men of 14 sand young men ball tournaments hold an annual held yearly throughout the Church and 15 enjoy the participate in basbanquet in Salt Lake City for (above). Some 30,000 participate exploring program of

ketball yearly. socializing and inspiration. in softball annually. the Church.

ization and most of its members from among the baseThese accounts, and hundreds more like them, are ball fans of our team in that area."matters of record. But could the untold stories be

At Valley Forge, Pennsylvania, in the summer of gathered together it would undoubtedly be found 1957, some two thousand two hundred LDS Scouts that the program of the MIA affects for good the and their leaders from the United States and Canada lives of every person it touches.

participated in the national Scout Jamboree—reOn the record books Superintendent Curtis'period

ligious services at which Elders Harold B. Lee and of service will be remembered mainly for ten fundaDelbert L. Stapley of the Council of the Twelve were mental changes and refinements which were made

speakers, and visits to Church historical spots were in the MIA programs and their administration. These

important parts of that rich experience. can be discussed but briefly here.

An Explorer leader in an Idaho ward, with the close 1. The rapid increase in Church membership and

cooperation of his Post committee, in a few months great growth in the number of stakes and wards of earnestly and prayerfully following the recomplaced a growing strain on the general boards in their mended program, organized a Sea Explorer Post attempt to meet with MIA workers in every stake in which became recognized as one of the top Posts in the Church. To solve this problem the practice was

the Council. Activity replaced inactivity among the adopted wherever feasible to meet with stake workers

boys. Attendance at meetings jumped from two or only, and at the same time to combine a number of

three to eighteen or twenty. stakes for these meetings. All of the stakes in the

During a recent basketball season the captain of Southern California area, for example, now meet one of the M-Men teams which had won a berth in together for a daylong "institute."

the allChurch tournament asked if his team's schedule 2. To assist in administering the program throughcould be adjusted so the team members could go out the Church, to make possible more adequate

through the Salt Lake Temple with one of the group training of leaders, and to provide needed direction who was getting married. The entire squad accomfor interstake activities, district and divisional work

panied him through a temple session. have been expanded. These areas, which are roughly

In California a young man enrolled in the MIA so equivalent to welfare districts and regions, are headed he could participate in athletics. His mother tried to by a stake YMMIA superintendent and YWMIA

influence him not to go to MIA and associate with president called "cochairman."They are assisted

"Mormons,"but he would not be persuaded. Rather, by "supervisors"representing the activities involvedhe finally prevailed upon her to attend a Mutual athletics, drama, dance, etc.

meeting and some M-Men basketball games. Both of 3. When leaders of youth in the Church were

them subsequently joined the Church. charged with the responsibility of looking after the

At an allChurch senior softball tournament being welfare of every youth who is a potential member held at the new Church softball park in Salt Lake of the Church organizations, a new MIA leadership

City, the bishop of a ward, who was also coach of program was established. Under the program each

the ward team, pointed out four senior members of young man from age twelve to twentyfive inclusive the Aaronic Priesthood who had been brought into is accounted for. Monthly personal visits or contacts

activity through the softball program. are made, and a yearly personal interview is held with

A stake MIA superintendent in Nevada was recently each youth. Meetings to discuss boy needs and to coinvited by stake authorities to baptize six converts ordinate programs are held with bishoprics. Each

who had become interested in the gospel through leader is expected to lead an exemplary life with attending MIA. respect to adhering to the standards of the Church

526 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Over 40,000 LDS boys, ages 12 and 13, are active Such activities as drama, in which thouThe "Duty to God"award is in the program of the Boy Scouts of America. sands of young men participate each year, presented by the Church to

Dedicated leaders provide a spiritual atmosphere develop skills, poise, and selfconfidence, the young men who are faithfor these future men of the country. important facets of a boy's character. ful in their religious dutiesand attendance at Church and committee meetings.

Leadership recognition certificates are awarded to honor leaders who qualify under the program, and reports from many quarters indicate that the program is helping MIA workers throughout the Church to give better service to our youth by helping them to do their duty in the Church. Singing is a regular

4. In order better to serve the needs of the sevenMIA activity. Thouteen- and eighteenyear-olds in the Church a new desands participate in

partment was created in Mutual, called in the case of quartets and choruses.

the YMMIA, Junior M-Men. Lessons and activities

designed to give spiritual, recreational, and social expeDivisional organization riences, a stimulating achievement program, and pertohas suchextendedcentersactivitiesas the sonal guidance and counseling by the class leader are Hollywood Bowl in Los emphasized. Over 27,000 young men were enrolled Angeles.

in this department in 1957.

5. Athletic activities have been expanded in order

to give more young men a chance to participate. The

M-Men basketball league has long been called the largest basketball league in the world. Some 10,490

players participated in it in 195657. But the junior

basketball league, established on a churchwide basis in 1955, already has more participants—13,860 during

the same season.

The senior and junior softball programs of the

Church have been administered by the Mutual since their inception in 1949 and 1953 respectively. Twentynine thousand four hundred and fortytwo young men

engaged in this activity last year.

1 20,000 1 60,000

1948 1949 1950 1951 1952 1953 1956 1952 1953 1954 1955 1956 1957 1958 1949 1950 1951 1952 1953 1954 1957 (Dec. issue) (estimated)

JULY 1958 527

A J ISI

MEMBERS OF THE YMMIA GENERAL BOARD RELEASED ARE: Heaton, George I. Cannon. Fourth row, left to right: Adolphus P.

First row, left to right: Harold Glen Clark, E. Allen Bateman, Charles Warnick, Francis L. Tjrry, Doyle L. Green, Roval L. Garff, Irving P.

Mitehener, David S. King,Jr., AlmaFrankH.McGhiePettigrew,, CrawfordA. WalterGates,Stevenson,Joy DunyonElbert. R. SecondCurtis, Doxey,Beesley, WallaceL. ClairF. Likes,Toronto,KnightRichardB. Kerr,TannerStanford, MarvinG. J.Smith*,Ashton.Roy W.

row, left to right: Clark P. Russell, Clark N. Stohl, W. Floyd Millet, Not present when picture was taken: Wendell E. Adams, Harrald S.

Lynn Hales, Forace Green, Richard L. Gunn, William B. Smart, G. Alvord, E. LaMar Buckner*, Armond F. Carr, Joseph F. Catmull, Roy

LaMont Richards, Elvis B. Terry. Third row, left to right: Albert O. M. Darley, Keith M. Engar, Lester F. Hewlett, Jr., Leon L. Imlay,

Mitchell, Rulon B. Stanfield, John U. Webber, Lee Jcpperson, Ted Parley H. Liddle, Marvin L. Pugh, D. L. Roberts, C. Vern Yates.

Bushman, Kenneth H. Sheffield, Gordon Owen, Harry Clarke, Alma 'Previously released.

Volleyball also has been adopted as part of the advertising, and business. Ten years ago the audited

MIA athletic program for both junior and senior circulation was 82,000; today it is 160,000! This

groups. Senior allChurch tournaments have been record alone is a tribute to Superintendent Curtis and

held for eight years, and junior tournaments for two. Mutual Improvement Association workers throughout

6. The scouting program in the Church has been the world.

strengthened in many quarters. In 1950 the National The "Sixtieth Anniversary Campaign"recently

Council established the position of Director of completed was one of the most impressive ever con- "Mormon"Relationships. Elder D. L. Roberts was ducted with about 12,000 new subscribers being added

appointed to this position. The purpose of this new to the lists. About 60,000 Era subscriptions go to

position was to assist the Church to make more effecfamilies in Utah, 25,000 to California, and 17,000 to tive use of the scouting program. Close on the heels Idaho. The Era finds its way into every state in the

of this appointment came the establishment of a genUnited States and to many other countries, with about eral Church scouting relationships committee, com- 6,000 copies going overseas monthly.

posed of President David O. McKay, the advisers to 9. Increased service is being given to the missions

the Mutual, the presiding bishop, the "Mormon"relaof the Church. In 1956 a mission committee was

tionships director, and the YMMIA general superinformed on the general boards. One of its first assigntendency. This group sets policies, approves ments was to prepare a mission MIA handbook which

programs, and in many ways works to make the explains the MIA program and how it may be orScout program more effective. ganized and used in the home, the neighborhood,

7. Three thousand six hundred and sixtyfive "Duty a small branch, and a large branch.

to God"awards were made to young men in the 10. A program has also been established for young

Church between the time the program was anmen in missions outside the United States who are nounced in 1953 and the middle of March 1958. This unable to affiliate with a Boy Scout organization.

is an allChurch award for Scouts and Explorers, deThis "Vanguard"program includes provisions forsigned to help our young men do their duty to God. weekly meetings, advancement in rank, guides for

To qualify, a young man must fill the following repersonal living, and participation in many activities.

quirements for four years: (a) earn the individual And so a decade of service—and a decade of progpriesthood award, (b) attend Sunday School and ress—is concluding for Superintendent Elbert R.

Mutual 75 percent of the time, and (c) be officially Curtis, his assistants, and the general board of the registered with the Boy Scouts of America. He must Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association. Great

also have attained the rank of First Class Scout or growth has been experienced; important and signifiApprentice Explorer. cant changes have been made. Success in the pro-

8. The past ten years has seen phenomenal growth gram is due to the efforts of devoted men on the

in the circulation of The Improvement Era. The gengeneral, stake, and ward levels, but the Superintendent

eral superintendent of the Mutual is the general manhas been the general of the army, the symbol of all ager of this magazine and along with the general MIA stands for. Young men—and women—throughpresident of the YWMIA, who is the assistant general out the Church join in thanking him, his assistants

manager, directs all matters regarding circulation, and his board, and wishing them well.

528 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Ruth May Fox

by Lucy Grant Cannon

The day that must come to all told how he put her in homes of us, came to Sister Ruth May where she could be cared for

Fox early Saturday morning, and of their coming to Zion

February 12, 1958. For her a when she was seven. She told

glorious day of release, for those of the years before reaching of us who remain, a day of sober Zion, of traveling steerage from soul searching. Where has there England, living in St. Louis

ever been another person such and other places, working and as she? scrimping and saving every penThere is so much that could ny to help them reach Zion, of

be said of this true Latterday the trip across the plains, walkSaint, for she kept in books and ing the entire distance. What

her poetical writings her life a dream of her life it was to walk story. To her children and her once more in those shady lanes

children's children, her thouin England, to look out over the sands of admiring friends and green fields dotted with butterco-workers, these writings will cups and daisies!

always be a beacon of light, courage, and faith. She went to her home town, which she had left

Ruth May Fox was born of humble parents who, when a child. Flere she found many of the old

when she was five months old, heard and accepted landmarks she had held in her memory all those the gospel. When Sister Fox was eightythree years years—the old rope yard, the street where she lived,

old, she returned to England with her daughter, Vida the iron lady in the garden of the wealthy landFox Clawson, who conducted a European tour. This owner whose estate was nearby, and the lake with

tour took people to England to a great celebration. It the swans swimming on it—the swans were still on

had been 100 years since the gospel was introduced the lake. Here she bore her testimony to the truth

into England when the first sermon was preached at of the gospel, and told of what the gospel had done

Vauxhall, a little church in Preston. for her and hers, its glorious opportunities for developAt this city on the River Ribble, the first baptism ment and service. If she had not been a Latterday

occurred. There on the River Ribble one hundred Saint, she might have lived and died in obscurity.

years later, a service was held under the direction of On Sister Fox's 100th anniversary her son Feramorz

President Heber J. Grant. Sister Fox was one of the gave this thumbnail sketch of his mother's activities.

speakers. She told of her early life in England, where "Nineteen years growing up. Forty years rearing

as a sixteenmonth-old baby she had been left mother- a family. Nineteen years an officer in the Primary

less, and of her father James May's tender care. She Association. Twentysix ( Continued on page 534

JULY 1958 529 There are a few obligations which if properly met would contribute much to the happiness of Latterday

Saints. First, there is the privilege of attending

Sacrament meeting on the Sabbath day. Here one

can worship the Lord "in spirit and in truth."He is

permitted to partake of the Sacrament without restriction or restraint other than that of his own conscience. Here he may renew his covenants with the

Lord that he will keep his commandments, and witness anew that he is willing to take on himself the name of Christ, that his spirit may be with him.

"And that thou mayest more fully keep thyself unspotted from the world, thou shalt go to the house of prayer and offer up thy sacraments upon my holy day; "For verily this is a day appointed unto you to rest from your labors, and to pay thy devotions unto the

Most High; "Nevertheless thy vows shall be offered up in rightall times;Do Not Be eousness on all days and at

"But remember that on this, the Lord's day, thou shalt offer thine oblations and thy sacraments unto the Most High, confessing thy sins unto thy brethren, and before the Lord. Deceived "And on this day thou shalt do none other thing,

only let thy food be prepared with singleness of heart that thy fasting may be perfect, or, in other words, that thy joy may be full."(D & C 59:9-13.)

I quote the following from President David O.

by Clifford E. Young McKay: "The partaking of the sacrament of the Lord's

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve Supper is one of the most sacred ordinances of the

Church of Jesus Christ. Associated with it are principles fundamental in characterbuilding and essential

to man's advancement and exaltation in the kingdom of God "Members of the Church... should strive very

earnestly to reflect in their daily conduct those ideals which on Sunday they profess to cherish.

"In the partaking of the sacrament, there is danger

In preparation for the next visit of of people's permitting formality to supersede spiritualthe ward teachers, it is hoped that ity. When such is the case, the ordinance may prove

a curse instead of a blessing."(Gospel Ideals, be each family will read, as a part of to

71.) page their family hour, this stirring artiBefore going to Sacrament meeting it is a good praccle. It is one of a series in which tice to read the prayers on the Sacrament. Read

them to your children and explain them so the children

General Authorities, in cooperation also, though young, may have some concept of the with the Presiding Bishopric, discuss meaning of partaking of the Sacrament. Explain to

them that they are prayers that our Heavenly Father the monthly ward teaching topics.

Family Hour Discussion Topic

revealed to the Prophet Joseph Smith, that they are come from the same Divine Hand that fashioned our

God's direct instructions to us, his children. In this human nature."(Speeches of the Year, May 31, 1957,

connection it is advisable that the bishop instruct the pp. 4-5.)

priests to learn the prayers and to repeat them slowly When the Prophet Joseph was a prisoner in the as they bless the Sacrament. Attending Sacrament jail at Liberty, Missouri, in March 1839, he was sorely

meeting is more than a duty; it is a blessing. tried. He was persecuted and had been cast in

Another obligation of Latterday Saints is the teachprison largely because he claimed to be a prophet of ing of the Savior. "If ye love me, keep my commandGod. He was conscious of the desperate situation

ments. in which he found himself and realized that his peo-

"... If a man love me, he will keep my words: ple also were suffering great persecutions—the loss

and my Father will love him, and we will come unto of their homes and of their flocks and herds. In this

him, and make our abode with him."(John 14:15, 23.) perplexing situation he uttered a prayer: "O God,

When the lawyer came to Jesus and asked, tempting where art thou? And where is the pavilion that

him, "Master, which is the great commandment in the covereth thy hiding place?

law?""How long shall thy hand be stayed, and thine

"Jesus said unto him, Thou shalt love the Lord thy eye, yea thy pure eye, behold from the eternal heavens

God with all thy heart, with all thy soul, and with the wrongs of thy people and of thy servants, and all thy mind. thine ear be penetrated with their cries?

"This is the first and great commandment. "Yea, O Lord, how long shall they suffer these

"And the second is like unto it, Thou shalt love wrongs and unlawful oppressions, before thine heart thy neighbour as thyself."(Matt. 22:3639.) Centuries shall be softened toward them, and thy bowels be

before the coming of the Savior in the flesh, the Lord moved with compassion toward them?"

had given to his children the Decalogue, the Ten In answer to this prayer there came to him these

Commandments. These commandments remain in words: "My son, peace be unto thy soul; thine adforce today after 3500 years. versity and thine afflictions shall be but a small moCecil B. DeMille, addressing the students and ment;

patrons of the Brigham Young University, made the "And then, if thou endure it well, God shall exalt following comments on the laws of God, and spethee on high; thou shalt triumph over all thy foes."

cifically, the Ten Commandments: (D & C 121:1-3; 7-8.) Here we have emphasized

"We are inclined to think of law as something mereagain the thought, "If thou endure it well, God shalt ly restrictive—something hemming us in. We someexalt thee on high."Thus, we learn throughout the

times think of law as the opposite of liberty. But scriptures that the keeping of the commandments, the

that is a false conception. That is not the way that living as God would have us live, brings a reward of

God's inspired prophets and lawgivers looked upon not only joy and peace in this life, but exaltation in the law. Law has a twofold purpose. It is meant the life to come. The commandments of God are

to govern. It is meant to educate.... given as a blessing to his children. They are the way

"The Ten Commandments of God, when they are of life, and while he warns us against the pitfalls observed prevent murder, stealing, false witness, envy incident to our failure (Continued on page 538) and the worshiping of false ideals.... Today some

people are inclined to look upon those commandments as a bit archaic. But they are not. They are Elder Clifford E. Young was

more modern than today's newspaper—because they born in Salt Lake City, filled a

are timeless.... amissionyoung toman,the servedBritish asIslesstakeas

"The Ten Commandments are not rules to obey superintendent of Sunday Schools as a personal favor to God. They are the fundaand AlpineYMMIA,(Utah)as presidentStake, andof

mental principles without which mankind cannot live Was sustained as an Assistant together. They make those who keep them faithto theat theCouncilApril of1941the Twelvegeneral

fully strong, wholesome, confident, dedicated men conference.

and women. This is because the Commandments

JULY 1958 531 The Presiding

Bishopric 9s

Page

THE MIDYEAR CHECK UP STRENGTHEN TIES OF FATHER AND SON

THROUGH PRIESTHOOD ACTIVITIES One half of 1958 is gone. It is already late enough

in the year to analyze the activity record of each We are often left to wonder whether fathers and bearer of the Aaronic Priesthood 12 to 21 years of sons really make the most of the unlimited possibiliage looking to the individual Aaronic Priesthood ties of fellowship with each other through the priestaward. Unless this check up is made now, many hood they bear.

young men may be denied their award through no A son bearing the Aaronic Priesthood is equally a fault of their own. member of the same priesthood brotherhood as the

General secretaries and quorum advisers can be of father's fellow high priests, seventies, or elders. They

inestimable assistance to bishoprics in bringing to all hold the priesthood and, while they hold different their attention a complete analysis of the activity offices therein, they are, nevertheless, members of the status of each young man. great priesthood brotherhood established by our

After the analyses should come a determined effort Heavenly Father through his Son, Jesus Christ.

to help those who need encouragement, fellowship, There are many priesthood activities and projects and opportunities for service. which a father who bears the Melchizedek Priesthood

and his son who bears the Aaronic Priesthood can

HOW MANY TIMES SHALL WE perform together with equal right and mutual blessCALL ON INACTIVE YOUNG MEN ing. For instance, (1) pray together as father and

son on occasion of special personal need, (2) worship

Aaronic Priesthood quorum advisers often ask, together, (3) study the priesthood systematically at "How many times are we expected to visit young men home, (4) attend both stake and ward priesthood who are entirely inactive and who simply are not meetings, (5) counsel together on family matters of interested?"mutual interest, (6) attend fathers'and sons'priestIt is recognized that discouragement may overhood socials, (7) work on welfare projects, (8) counsel

take one in the face of indifference on the part of with each other on the problems of boyhood and young men and, often, on the part of their parents young manhood in all their ramifications, (9) work, as well. Nevertheless, consider the following as a think, plan, and play together, often, (10) make

safe guide whenever the above question comes to priesthood brotherhood a fatherand-son reality.

mind: Father and son relationships, through the fellowIt would not be in keeping with one's high calling ship and brotherhood of the priesthood, have their

as adviser to lose interest in the inactive until, after perfect example in the bond of boundless love and prayer and serious reflection, one is convinced tlvit mutual understanding which has always existed in

Jesus would give them no further thought. the hearts of the Eternal Father and his Son, Jesus

A more complete answer will be found in Matthew Christ. While they are perfect in their relationships

18:1214, which we commend to each quorum adviser as father and son, their perfection is not beyond

confronted with the above question. the reach of man. We may profitably observe these

532 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

desirable feelings between mortal fathers and sons, modern scripture gives no implication of leniency.

but let us not lose sight of the more perfect example On the other hand, the Lord has been very specific in we have ever before us in our Divine Father and outlining those things we must do in order to obtain his Beloved Son. exaltation. Not only are our duties emphasized, but

the Lord has also warned of punishments to be imposed upon the negligent and the disobedient.

TO INSPIRE FAITH IS TASK OF We have been cautioned in the scriptures that Satan

GROUP ADVISERS TO SENIOR MEMBERS will strive in numerous ivays to deceive us. Nothing

pleases him more than to see us find fault with the

The assigned task of group advisers to senior memChurch and with its leaders. He would have us bebers of the Aaronic Priesthood is to inspire confidence lieve there is no punishment for disobedience and

and instil faith in their group members. This is a wrongdoing. The Prophet Nephi beheld in vision our

challenging and satisfying assignment, for it is a day and described it in the following words, "And counteroffensive against the forces of evil. there shall also be many ivhich shall say: Eat, drink,

The world has been overbusy in planting seeds of and be merry; nevertheless fear God—he will justify

doubt in the hearts of God's covenant children. in committing a little sin; yea, lie a little, take the adCunning plans to destroy faith in God have been devantage of one because of his words, dig a pit for

... and if itvised and put into action by conspiring men and thy neighbor; there is no harm in this;

women who work feverishly to replace light with so be that we are guilty, God will beat us with a few darkness. stripes, and at last we shall be saved in the kingdom

The inactivity of senior members usually stems of God.

"And others will he pacify, and lull them away intofrom wellarmed and carefully camouflaged invectives, carnal security, that they will say: All is well in Zion,innuendoes, and insinuations against the Church and

its teachings. Unless defenders of the faith are presyea, vion prospereth, all is well—and thus the devil

ent to nullify the work of these evil forces, young cheateth their souls, and leadeth them away carefully down to heir (2 Nephi 28:8, 21.men are deceived as to life's purposes. The foregoing should be a warning to those who are

Group advisers must be as ambitious and clever as thus confused in their thinking. It should be clearly

their opposition if they would win their counterunderstood that no man will write his own passport offensive and return their group members from the to heaven. Utter disappointment will be the lot of

byways to the true path of life. They must don the those who try. The Lord does not modify his laws.

armour of righteousness, buckle on the sword of Even the Decalogue remains in force after nearly 3500 truth, and enter the fray. They must tactfully overyears.

come the doubts in men's hearts and instil faith by It is usually the indolent who make God's laws less positive teaching and a carefully planned and prayerstringent. They deceive themselves who expect parful approach that gives consideration to each group don for neglect of duty. "The desire of the slothful

member's status as well as his righteous desires. killeth him; for his hands refuse to labour."(Prov.

21:25.) These words should be kept uppermost in our

STUDY GUIDE FOR WARD TEACHERS thoughts, "If thou loveth me thou shalt serve me and

AUGUST 1958 keep all my commandments."(D & C 42:29.)

Do Not Be Deceived INTRODUCTION OF STUDY GUIDE How often have you heard expressions of this order? FOR SEPTEMBER 1958

"I don't go to church, hut I consider myself just as good as many of those who do. The leaders of the Perpetuating the Purpose of the Home

Church expect too much. The Lord will not be so

is, therefore, a exacting. He will overlook many faults if our hearts The home is of divine origin and

are right."sacred institution. In homes where high ideals are

Such opinions are indicative of a trend in modern maintained, parents and not teachers lay the foundathinking. Neglect of duty is admitted by those who tions of character and faith in God in the children.

do this type of rationalizing, but they attempt to Home building is one of the major objectives of the justify their faults on the assumption that the laws Church. If the training a child should receive in

of God will be modified. It is difficult to understand the home is neglected, the Church and the school can

how anyone could be so presumptuous. Ancient and in no way compensate for the loss.

JULY 1958 533 Ruth May Fox This was her daughter, Florence Van Noy, who was in charge, said,

Fox Mackay's, tribute: "Sister Fox, we are all here to wel-

(Continued) years a missionary- "I'd like to express my gratitude come you on your birthday, to pay guide on Temple Square. Thirtyone for the privilege of having Mother tribute to you. We would love to

years with Red Cross. Twelve years with us in our home these many have you speak to us if you feel

with Traveler's Aid. Twelve years years. I'm grateful that my daughable, but we want you to do as you

of political activity. Eight years on ters and grandchildren have had feel."

board of the Deseret Agricultural such close association with her. A moment's pause, and then that

and Manufacturing Association. OthThey have learned to love her deargrand, lovable Latterday Saint reer years in the Utah Women's Press ly. She has set a wonderful example peated without one flaw the 23rd

Club, the Social Welfare League, for us, and I hope we will always Psalm:

the State Historical Society, in addistrive for the ideals she has planted 'The Lord is my shepherd. I

tion to others. Two hundred nine in our hearts."shall not want. He maketh me to

years."Vida Fox Clawson: lie down in green pastures: he leadThis activity adds up to more than "Mother taught her children by eth me beside the still waters. He

two centuries! both precept and example. Some restoreth my soul: he leadeth me in

The amazing thing about it is folks have inferred that Mother's the paths of righteousness for his that Ruth May Fox was rarely a long life is due to a life of ease; but name's sake. Yea, though I walk

figurehead or a statistic. She exemthat isn't so. Mother scrubbed through the valley of the shadow of

plified active participation. She while she composed poetry, and death, I will fear no evil: for thou

grew up amid work and duty. She while she sewed (she made all of art with me; thy rod and thy staff,

walked beside the wagon while our clothes) she memorized scripture they comfort me. Thou preparest a

others rode. She worked in the and contemplated the gospel. One table before me in the presence of

factories. She was not merely an day when as a child I was standing mine enemies: thou anointest my

officer in the Primary, she prepared by the old White sewing machine head with oil; my cup runneth over.

the lessons, taught the classes, and watching Mother pedal away, she Surely goodness and mercy shall added noticeably to the enrolment stopped and turned to me and said, follow me all the days of my life:

from her own home. In politics she 'Just think, an angel from heaven and I will dwell in the house of the

campaigned. In MIA she did comhas brought the gospel back to Lord forever.'

mittee work, wrote lessons, visited earth.'I am very grateful for the "This is my speech."

stakes and wards, and had her share heritage my mother has given to The eyes of those present were of assignments to remote places. me and my family. I remember well moist with tears as Sister Fox finIn Red Cross and Traveler's Aid the effect the years following the ished.

she nursed during the flu epidemic, panic had on the lives of my mother Jesse W. Fox, Jr., was twenty and

rolled bandages during the war, and and father. When things looked Ruth May nineteen when they were

fed and entertained soldiers passing darkest, Mother would say, 'We shall married. For the first six months of

to and from the camps. live one day at a time and leave the married life they lived with Jesse's

On Temple Square, she taught rest to the Lord.'parents, after that in the home next

thousands, corrected misunderstandSister Rachel G. Taylor told how door, and from there they moved to

ings, allayed prejudice, and won "Carry On"came into being: several places, until they built a

friends for her religion and her "Rlessed be this day when we may commodious home on Second South people. come and lay a tribute at your feet. in the Fourteenth Ward. Here most

In retirement she used her time "Rlessed were the years we labored of the children were born, and here profitably. She listened to the newsfor the youth of Zion under your they lived in financial security.

casts and was aware of what went inspired leadership. One example This security wasn't to last too

on in this troubled world; she read of your inspiration and help came as long because the panic of 1893 wiped

by the hour, remembered friends the Gleaners and M Men sought in out their holdings and plunged them who were confined in their homes vain among the stakes of the Church into heavy debt. They lost their

and visited them, and was regular for a song to give a special spark to home and had to rent for thirteen in attendance at Sacrament meetings. the great M Men and Gleaner conyears.

She didn't count her descendantsference in June 1930. During these trying years, Sister

she knew them, visited them, and "As I was passing your desk one Fox told, they took care of a pennitook delight in the steady increase day, you handed me a paper conless, homeless old man. He lived in

in numbers. As this goes to press taining the words of 'Carry On'and a little room which they had built

there are 230, but the reader will do said, 'Ray, do you think this will in their yard, staying there until well to add one or two likely to be do?'his death.

reported in the next mail. "The committee was thrilled. I An old lady who had been disOn Sister Fox's 104th anniversary, called Alfred Durham.... He wrote owned by her family for affiliating

November 16, 1957, those women fitting music.... with the Church also came to them

who had been on Sister Fox's board "When we here have all passed to and was with them until her passand other former members held a the great beyond, your song will still ing.

luncheon in her honor at the Lion ring in the voices of youth, keeping The Fox home wasn't far from the

House. Those present were asked alive your message, 'Carry On.'Denver and Rio Grande Railroad

to give oneminute tributes to her. As Sister Fox came in to her station, and in those days tramps by

Only a few can have a place in this luncheon, all the sisters arose and the score came up the street looking story. sang "Carry On."Then Sister Elsie for a place where they might get

534 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA?'-.*'

.:'."...

J w

Two sets of Fuller Trimview Sliding Glass Doors are angled to combine living room and pool area into one unit.

THIS MARIN COUNTY HOME SHOWS YOU HOW

all outdoors can be all yours WITH FULLER TRIMVIEW SLIDING GLASS DOORS

The George Richardsons'home, overlooking the rolling hills near San W. P. FULLER & CO. PRODUCTS

Francisco, is a fine example of how you can bring a dramatic outFOR COMFORT AND BEAUTY INCLUDE:

Enclosures Shower Trimview Doors Tubdoor feature right into your living room. Architect J. Martin Rosse, Trimview

Screens) Sliding (and Fuller Lifetime Mirrors Windows

A. I. A., did it with two sets of Fuller Trimview Sliding Glass Doors. Medicine Cabinets Trimview Casement Windows

Trimview Sliding Glass Doors (and Sliding Screens)

In your own home, too, you'll find lightweight allaluminum Trimview Louvre Windows Paint (interior and exterior)

Doors one of the most interesting elements of the house—whether Wallpaper Pittsburgh Glass Products

you're building or remodeling. There are many types to choose from.

All panels slide, whispersmooth. They're weather -proofed against

drafts and moisture. Sliding screens come in matching finishes. Forcolder climates, you can get Twinpane Doors. To find out how much FULLER

Trimview can do for your home, see your Fuller Dealer. PAINTS GLASS

.

a meal. Sister Fox said their home card was published with her picture eral board member and president

must have been marked, as never and her testimony, which each perof the YWMIA, Sister Fox traveled a week passed without one, two, or son received. extensively, visiting every stake in

maybe three men being seated at the Church, many of them several their kitchen table getting a meal. My Testimony times. She attended national recreaNever did she turn a hungry man tional conferences; a dozen times

away. "Ever since I could understand, she was a delegate to the National

One widower and his five boys the gospel has meant everything to Council of Women and for several and one girl spent a winter with me. It has been my very breath, my years was an officer of that organizathem mantle of protection against temptation.

Sister Fox said, "In the matter of tion, my consolation in sorrow, my One of her most memorable conhealth we were fortunate."In their joy and glory throughout all my days ventions was to the Hawaiian Isturn all the children had mumps, and my hope of eternal life. 'The lands, where she and Elder Albert

measles, whooping cough, and comKingdom of God or nothing'has E. Bowen, representing the Young

mon colds. George had a siege of been my motto. Buth May Fox."Men's organization, conducted the

typhoid and Lester suffered a broken It would take volumes to chronicle first auxiliary convention ever held leg. One winter a yellow flag quarSister Fox's Church activities. Her outside the confines of the United

antined them with scarlet fever most first assignment was Sunday School States.

of the winter. Beatrice (Bee), the teacher. Then came nineteen years Another memorable occasion for

youngest daughter, recovered from as a Primary officer, acting as counher was the unveiling of a marker the scarlet fever but was left with selor to three presidents and as presiat Independence Rock, Wyoming, a weak heart. Sister Fox tenderly dent. While president of the PriJune 21, 1931. Sister Fox was one

cared for her until her death in mary she also served as president of of the speakers. Here she had passed

February 1914, at the age of seventhe YWMIA for three years. Then as a child and had camped overteen. in dual capacity as YWMIA ward night. Here she had chiseled her

Notwithstanding their changed president and member of Elmina S. name on the rock as thousands of

conditions, making it necessary to Taylor's general board, she served others had done. Here she had

move to a smaller home and live nine years. Sister Martha H. Tingey climbed to the top, as a child of

more frugally, they sent their sons became general president of the thirteen; and here again she had

on missions, one after another. YWMIA at the death of Sister Elmade the ascent at seventyeight.

During the flu epidemic of 1918 mina S. Taylor, and Sister Fox was General conference and MIA June

Sister Fox was one of the many chosen as first counselor. conference were redletter days in

women who went into the homes of Sister Tingey presided over the her life. She attended all the genthe ill and nursed them back to general board for thirtyone years eral meetings, the music festivals,

health, a service of love and sacriwith Sister Fox as her first counselor. the dance festivals, the drama festifice. But over and above all, workAt Sister Tingey's retirement because vals, the department meetings, the

ing continually with her family, of ill health, Sister Fox was chosen outdoor activities, always participatSister Fox found her greatest joy in president, at seventyfive years of ing, always rejoicing in the progress contemplating the gospel around the age! of the work.

home in her working hours, for she She saw the MIA develop far beIn later years she never missed was always busy. If ironing, a scrap yond her fondest hopes. Stakes listening to all the sessions of the

of paper with a scripture passage multiplied; new wards were organgeneral conference, including the

was before her. As she was scrubized; new missions were formed; and very last one, just a day or two bebing her floors or cleaning the woodall these new stakes, missions, and fore she breathed her last. What a

work, she would hum gospel hymns wards made the general board work record of Church service she had!

or repeat passages of scripture. more complex and arduous. It cannot be equaled.

While washing the dishes, cooking, But through it all Sister Fox reHer funeral was held in the sewing (probably with a child on her joiced; for Zion was in her beauty Bonneville Stake House. Sister Fox

lap) she memorized bits of poetry, rising, the young women of Zion had selected the hymns which she choice passages of scripture, and were gaining in stature and a testiwished to be sung: "Come Let Us

some inspirational classic. mony of the gospel, true to her mesAnew,""Abide With Me,"and "Oh,

After she lost her eyesight, she sage to them, "You are the daughters My Father."President J. Reuben

had talking books sent from the liof Zion; live up to your heritage."Clark, Jr., Sister Clarissa A. Beesbrary for the blind and sat before Of all of her many Church activiley, and Dr. David Smith told of her

her machine, hour after hour, day ties, I believe that she loved best faith, her wonderful accomplishafter day, changing and listening to her years as a missionary on Temments, and her crowning glory of her records. The librarian said that ple Square. Every Friday afternoon, motherhood. Sister Grace Nixon

Sister Fox had more books than any and often other days in the week (for Stewart read one of Sister Fox's other of their subscribers. she was a minute man), she was at poems: "To My Children."

On her ninetieth birthday, a large Temple Square. Here she had the The closing song was one that will

reception was held in Sister Fox's opportunity to tell the story of her never be duplicated. Seventy grandhonor at the Bee Hive House. More people; here she had the opporchildren standing behind the pulpit

than four hundred people came and tunity to bear her testimony to the sang "Carry On,"led by Harold shook her hand, and she was able to divinity of the Church; to her, soulKeddington, who at June confergo to a family gathering that evesatisfying privileges. ence in 1930 led the M Men and

ning. At that time as a memento a During all these years as a genGleaner (Continued on page 538)

536 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

"Why is a One (or more) of these coupons p> Hammond Organ superior? will bring Our new colorsound motion picture compares various types of organs... discusses the pros and cons in an

congregation will enjoy it. better music to your church interestingwhole 50 minute film. Your

coupon. Send this

Name.

Address.

City.Zone State.

nnnnanaaDnnnnnDnnnDnnnnn a D a D D How can I improve my a playing technique?

We offer a handbook for the church experts. written organist, Dozens by aD

kindly tips... and of hints and some a

a philosophy.Church Organist.""PlayingSend tipsthis coupon.for the D

a aa D a

D:j aaa

Name. D D There are so many ways a Hammond Organ can add to worship.. Address. nn

so many wonderful things to discover about this most magnificent a City.Zone State.

church organ, that a single coupon scarcely seems enough D nnnnDDnnDDDDDnnnnnnnnnna to cover them all.

So, on this page are three coupons... each of which will bring you

information helpful on the particular phase of the Hammond Organ story 3+* What is like about. you'd to know more Hammond's place

Send one coupon, or two... or all. The services offered, the in religious music?

information waiting, is all free. They imply no obligation whatever. A handsome brochure that sketches

We simply want to help you bring even better music to your church. the history of sacred music, the organ, and the three major faiths. Also

describes the Hammond Organ Send coupons to Hammond Organ Company, models. Send this coupon.

4220 W. Diversey Avenue, Chicago 39, Illinois.

Name. HAMMOND

Address music's most glorious voice City 195S, HAMMOND.ZoneORGAN State.COMPANY 7 ORGAN

JULY 1958 537 +* Ruth May Fox with Paul, "I have fought a good which beckoned her on as she fight, I have finished my course, I walked for three long months the ( Continued ) chorus at the Taberhave kept the faith: one thousand miles over plains and

nacle in the first rendition of "Carry "Henceforth there is laid up for desert sands, cheered as she sang

On."Elder Lorin Wheelwright was me a crown of righteousness, which "We're Going to the Mountains of

at the organ. The closing prayer was the Lord, the righteous judge, shall Ephraim to Dwell."

offered by Ross Fox. give me at that day; and not to me Sister Fox has gone from our

All that was mortal of Sister Ruth only, but unto all them also that love sight, but not from our hearts. She

May Fox, the illustrious and lovable his appearing,"was laid to rest in will always live in memory, blessing pioneer who at the close of her one the hallowed grounds in the tops us as we strive to emulate her hundred and four years could say of the mountains—those mountains matchless life of love and service.

Do Not Be Deceived your reward; yea, ye shall have The keeping of God's commandmercy restored unto you again; ye ments and living in harmony with

shall have justice restored unto you his will are not only one's duty but (Continued) to keep his comagain; ye shall have a righteous provide a way of life that will bring

mandments, his arm of mercy and judgment restored unto you again; peace to one's soul, and in times of

charity is ever extended that we may and ye shall have good rewarded adversity and sorrow, assurance and reach up and find it whenever we unto you again. comfort.

will do right and keep his command- "For that which ye do send out I quote from "The Open Door"by ments. shall return unto you again, and be Helen Keller:

"Now, the decrees of God are unrestored."(Alma 41:8, 14, 15.) "The delicate task will remain

is spoilalterable; therefore, prethe lest any "Beware you man way his ours to ensure God's gift—Joy—to deceit, will vain philosophy that throughpared and whosoever walk may children. persons a have Many after tradition after of the thetherein men, and be saved.

"Therefore, my son, see that you rudiments of the world, and not after wrong idea of what constitutes true are merciful unto your brethren; Christ. happiness. It is not attained through

deal justly, judge righteously, and "For in him dwelleth all the fulself-gratification, but through fidelity do good continually; and if ye do ness of the Godhead bodily."(Col. to a worthy purpose. The keeping

all these things then shall ye receive 2:8-9.) of His commandments"

Temple in the Pacific new, attractively decorated house of wards in Auckland and branches at worship built in a recently develHuntley, Hamilton, and Templeton oped section of Auckland. (the temple and college site).

(Continued) hall in New ZeaSunday evening, at the conclusion This is the 264th stake of the land, it contains auditorium, gymof that unforgettable week of dediChurch, the first south of the nasium, stage, and an olympicsize cation, a few met at the home of equator. Elder George R. Beisinger,

swimming pool. The organ, built President Ariel S. Ballif. There who for eight years has served as

in Christchurch, is reputed to be President McKay mentioned the construction supervisor, was named the largest in New Zealand. possibility of a stake in New Zeastake president.

Guests at this dedicatory service land. All eyes brightened. This When he left New Zealand, Presiincluded the Honorable Walter had scarcely been expected, a stake dent McKay traveled to Fiji where

Nash, Prime Minister of New of Zion in that distant land south he dedicated a new chapel in Suva

Zealand; the Honorable Francis of the equator. Elder Marion G. on Sunday, May 4. From there he

H. Russell, United States AmbassaRomney, who 'was to tour the mistraveled to Hawaii and addressed

dor to New Zealand; Mr. George sion, was requested to investigate students and faculty of the Church

Fennemore, US Consul at Auckthe possibilities and make a recomCollege of the Pacific.

land; Dame Hilda Ross, member of mendation.

Parliament; Mr. L. le F. Ensor, The Auckland Stake of Zion beObserving him in his travels and

Superintendent of Education; and came a reality on Sunday, May 18, labors in the Pacific, there come to

many other officials. 1958, under the direction of Elder mind the words of President ClisOn Sunday evening, April 27, the Romney. Approximately 3500 of the sold, spoken in one of the temple

Tamaki chapel was dedicated by sixteen thousand members of the dedicatory services: "He is like a

President McKay. More than eight Church in New Zealand constitute great lamplighter, striding through

hundred people gathered in this the new stake. It includes four the earth, lighting torches of truth."

538 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA T Salt and. Pepper

just for trying 2 packages of

LIDS!—-sztfitli Enamel Lining

Replicas of famous Ball Mason Jar

Crystalclear glass

Just right for home use, lunch pails, picnics "Collectors'Item"—not sold in

stores

Sent postagepaid in sturdy carton

SEND FRONT PANELS FROM 2 BOXES

OF BALL DOME LIDS WITH THIS COUPON AND RECEIVE MINIATURE BALL JAR SALT & PEPPER SET FREE AND POSTPAID!

CLIP THIS COUPON NOW!

3 "ttTKTXS ITTEIR,! SALTDEPT. &A, PEPPERBOX 722SET

Ball Dome Lids give your Home Canning MUNCIE, INDIANA

Extra Protection: (1) Creamwhite IPleaseenclosesend2 frontme thepanelsSalt from& PepperboxesSet,of BaliFREEDOMEand Postpaid;Lids.

Enamel lining won't rust or corrode.

(2) Live red rubber gives positive vacuum Nome,,...:..

seal. (3) Easy to test—Dome Down, Street or RFD..

Jar Sealed.

City.—.:..:..'.. -....—Zone..........State..

OFFER EXPIRES DECEMBER 3], 1958,

JULY 1958 539.

"If I wore white shoes, I'd beg for HOLLYWOOD SANI -WHITE"Intent—a sure test of

friendship..

You don't have to beg for HOLLYWOOD Richard L. Evans

These two weeks past we have talked of friends saniwhite and friendship—words of much meaning—and of

that fact the THE true friend no ever into would us lead SHOE POLISH SPOKEN temptation, to or the that making of memories you'll But. demand Hollywood SaniWhite we once you WORD

is. it. how. good know Keeps white looking shoes smart later less as than would thankful for be the memoall fresh and at times. streak. Does not Safest for ries of life keep back. coming these thoughts, recalled With it's baby, here because nontoxic.

in short summary, we have come to the conclusion that one sure test of friendship is to seek the welfare of him whose company we keep. Since this is so, a reasonable question to ask of everyone

is this: "What do you intend?"The inner intent of the hearts of

men is a matter of surpassing importance. Do they intend good

or evil? honesty or dishonesty? sincerity or deception? Do they

intend to serve and to safeguard others, or do they intend selfish selfservice, selfish selfindulgence at the expense of others? At

a time now sometimes called Victorian, and sometimes referred to as oldfashioned, fathers inquired concerning the intentions of those with whom their daughters kept company. And whatever

we may call it, oldfashioned or otherwise, we cannot safely fail to consider the motives of men. The motives of everyone are important. The intent of the heart is important. It is the blueprint

of what will likely be built. It is what a man will likely do, when

he can, if he can. Intent is the desire that leads to the doing of

the deed. For some wellknown words as to intent we turn to

'FOR THE WHITEST OF WHITE, neitherProverbs:desire"Eat thouthou hisnotdaintythe br.eadmeats:of himFor thatas hehaththinkethan evilin eye,his

GET SANIWHITE"heart, so is he: Eat and drink, saith he to thee; but his heart is

look to the motives of men. We must Also makers of the famous not with thee."1 We must

look to their real intent. And while some may say "oldfashioned,"

SANIBROWN, SANIBLACK, and contend that times have changed, the nature of men has not,

SANIRED nor has God, nor have the commandments we must keep if we to preserve are honesty, virtue chastity, and honor cleanliness and SKUF AND ALL HOLLYWOOD selfrespect, and inside and happiness and ourselves, peace which, COLORS all all the experience of ages, the by things are paramount among

If your dealer is out, call or write: most precious to be preserved. It is never wise to yield a principle

to save a supposed friendship, to save an association; and anyone

is either deceiving, or is deceived. No matter what date BEEHIVE SALES who does

COMPANY thecentury,calendarit is stillhas essentialturned to,to evenknowinthesuchnaturea timeand asmotivesthe twentiethof men

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH and to safeguard the most precious and irreplaceable things—for

Phone 5-1476 HU all talk with our modern emancipation, and socalled modern we

P. 0. 1233 Box left haven't the behind commandments of God, nor the consequences of not keeping them.

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple Columbia Broadeasting System, May 4, 1958. Copyright 1958.

sore throat and other minor mouth (See page 559 for references.)

and throat irritations.

HALLS REMEDY Salt Lake City, Utah AGAINST GLOOM TYPEWRITERS by Iris W. Schow

FOR GENEALOGY WORK There are few nights or roads so dark and long

Buy or rent—save 60% on factory rebuilds You cannot shorten them with tale and song.

SCHREYER TYPEWRITERS 757 So. State Salt Lake City, Utah

540 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Get that ROYAL FEELING when you drive! Get

CONOCO ROYAL SERVICE OUR PLEDGE TO YOU:

To always give you prompt, friendly, personal service

Conoco Royal Service! A sparkling windshield,

clean rest rooms, expert underthe-hood check and cleanswept floor mats. You'll like treating your car

to Conoco Royal Service regularly!

PROTECTS AS IT POWERS! New Conoco Royal Gasoline with TCP plus. First in history CONOCO

to combine exclusive oilplating action with TCP*... to boost power HOTTEST

as it cuts wear as it increases mileage! Try a tankful... today! BRAND GOING!

Trademark owned and patent applied for by Shell Oil Company. 1958, Continental Oil Company

JULY 1958 541

Preparation doms. We qualify for the lower merely because they were not prekingdoms by default. Those who pared for the better place. Spirit-

(Continued) we find a young man will inherit the lower kingdoms are ual achievement does not depend or woman who is willing really to those who are not prepared for the primarily upon the number of our prepare for life's work. A little eduhigher. All success comes by debrain cells or our heredity or our

cation is all most young people sign; failure, by default. environment, but rather upon our

want—a little smattering of books It is something to think about, that preparation.

and they are ready for business! the vast majority of the children of Success in life is so tremendously

That is also generally true of those our Father in heaven will go to one important that no one can afford to who work with human souls in "our of the lesser kingdoms where they take hold of it only with the tips

Father's business."Mostly, we are had no intention or desire to go, of his fingers. We need to grasp it

unprepared.

One of the greatest of all the paradoxes is that almost everyone his circumstances, to improvewants to improve "A mother's love outlives wants no onebut almost himself. And yet our personal

is success;preparation the key of all them all"

it to is the happiness;it is the key

way we multiply our abilities; it is

the way to please God. Only by Richard L. Evans

effective preparation can we make full use of our Godgiven talents. Blessedly, in the lives of most of us, there are

If we lack for anything, it is not for saving and safeguarding influences moving in the ability, but for thoroughness in our THE background, molding and mellowing and maturing preparation. SPOKEN us—influences of which we are often unaware. And

When we are not preparing to WORD one such influence is the patient, prayerful, presare automaticallysucceed, we after beloved years of the of men. mothers preence Long own my

fail. toparing we stop getting When left things this life, she of I learned done had mother had for me

better, we start slipping in the other which I had never known—of times when I thought I was selfdirection. once Someone asked sufficient, things for myself, doing all I thought I was when when

Farragut preparedAdmiral if he was waiting, watching, in the aware background, moving she had been for defeat. He said, "I certainly of problems and pitfalls and possibilities, and warding many things

am not. I am prepared for victory."away, with prayerful patience, even after I was far from home.

vicfor are not preparingWhen we to given her me, otherwise? could had The Lord she do God How

tory, automatically are preparing we his of to to the her, extended she arm be as and seemed and me defeat.for Victory decomes by this limits of entering the influence. before her I had That known

sign; defeat comes by default. The life, I doubt not; and in helping me to life here, she had offered

Lord wants you for important servher own. She had nourished and sheltered me in infancy; nursed me

ice in "there the Church. But fears; taught are in quieted and had illness; heeded my cries and my

called, are chosen. but fewmany of disapsharp the dulled edge counseled and and encouraged,

And why are they not chosen?"(D pointments. And all this she did so wisely and so well, so unob-

& C 121:34.) Because their minds trusively, with such quiet constancy, that of all she was and of all

have been on other things, and they she did we were almost unaware—until her hands moved no more,

are not prepared. until her voice was heard no more, except in hallowed memory. Will

If we are not prepared, why aren't James said: "The greatest use of a life is to spend it on something

to are goingwe? what do And we life in test, of great this use outlasts it."that mothers make 1 By

is it?about not There time much service. effects well unselfish everlasting of their would the And

left. "I'll said, Lincoln Abraham in those look "Children, of Macaulay: the words remember we

prepare now and take my chances eyes, listen to that dear voice,... feeling... even a single touch...

when the opportunity arrives."Linby that gentle hand! Make much of it while yet you have thatcoln began building his character most precious of all good gifts, a loving mother... In after life

child, then, he was awhen and even will friends, you have dear friends, fond, but never have you may hardly the readyhe was need when lavished you, gentleness inexpressible love upon again and the came. which none but a mother bestows."2 With mellowed hearts and

the suppose Just should Lord oil today.come much How do we hallowedlearned, andmemoriesfor theweconstancythank mothersof theirforsacrificelife givenandandservice.for lessonsAnd

inhave our Will lamps? any be we of best have the what they honor become when them we best we off inbetter a year years? or ten of friendleaves the love droops; be. fades; to "Youth taught us

is of us for preparingEach someall."3 fall: outlives secret love mother's ship them a

it Isthing. failure or success? And

princidegree? All of thein what

presented and the Square over KSL Spoken "The Word"from Templeples of the preto given gospel were 1958. 1958. Copyright System, Broadcasting Columbia May 11,

pare us for the celestial kingdom.

No principle of the gospel was given to get us ready for the lower king- ( See page 559 for references.

542 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA securely. We are preparing for the

highest possible career. We need to

think ahead and plan ahead so that we shall be ready when the time comes. We might classify preparation under some of its subheadings:

1. Physical Preparation

In any undertaking such as a church meeting, etc., think how

much can be added by thorough preparation. The surroundings can

be made attractive, the meetinghouse itself can be made clean, tidy, and orderly; the chairs, songbooks,

etc., can be properly placed. Flowers

and other evidences of thoughtfulness will uplift the spirit. They will

help to make every occasion a great occasion. The Lord's house is a

house of order, but not only should his house be orderly, but our lives should also be orderly. And we

should expend whatever effort is BOB AND SUE, like thousands of their elders, have learned the truth necessary to bring that order about. about the 'lying allure of liquor."

2. Preparation Mental

all Almost of the satisfactions in HAVE YOU seen through the glamorous haze thrown up by the life come from the way we ourselves alcohol advertisers? HAVE YOU learned enough of the truth about

think. We have heard of a negaliquor to want to have no part of it?

tive mind; we have heard of a "IF YOU DON'T DRINK,"says the Preferred Risk Mutual Insurmorose mind; we have heard of

a depraved mind; we have heard of a ance Co., "WHY HELP PAY FOR THE ACCIDENTS OF THOSE

damned mind. AH are the result of WHO DO?"Preferred Risk, America's first automobile insurance

a particular kind of preparation. If company for nondrinkers only, now makes it possible for you to stop

someday we would like to have a paying for the drinker's accidents and to save money at the same celestial mind, we must practise betime.

ing godly. That means preparation.

I know a great Sunday School If you are a nondrinker,* we invite you to investigate, and insure teacher who never goes before a with Preferred Risk. Save money—and put your automobile insurclass SchoolSunday without spendsay, of others the who thousands heart ance where your is—withing of eight an average in hours explanadetails, including full an don't drink."For "No Thanks—wepreparation. thrilling a expeWhat

rience to be his student! There are tion of Preferred Risk's merit reduction plan for claimfree drivers,

others who spend very little time, return this coupon now.

and their accomplishment is usually

IMPORTANT—Nondrinker means TOTAL abstainer. The occasional social drinker is not eligible.

in proportion. As teachers and

speakers read and think and organize and pray, ideas can be made to ACT NOWUSE THIS COUPON take on new beauty, maturity, and Please send me complete information about your auto insurance for total abstainers, I underimportance. Jesus told the people stand there is no obligation. CII1254

on this continent to go home and Namp My auto insurance "prepare their minds."If they were Address axpires:Month

not even prepared to understand, fliry St*t Day certainly not prepared they were to Occupation Year

It is or preach.teach fair to take not

the time of people when one has Age- -Age of principal driver of auto -Age of youngest driverlittle or nothing to give them. Make of Car.Year. -No Cylinders-

3. Emotional Preparation Body type & Model (Series)

of Carthe Pleasure Use Everyone Business importance workand from knows To jmiles one way. Q Q - D

of Principal Status Driver with Marital.children Married of Q piano having his before tuned

living Single, at home D Single to concert.the it that the We see of Christian Herald article. free copy Send me

isautomobile engine functioning f Drinkjour- before the longharmoniously ACCIDINTS PREFERRED RISK MUTUAL It is also importantney is begun.

to have the human spirit tuned and INSURANCE COMPANY the mind harmonious. We can get 150 South 4th East, Dept. 458

the spirit of the gospel through Salt Lake City, Utah Phone EM 4-1931

America's First Total Abstainer's Automobile Insurance Co. William Plymat, President

JULY 1958 543..

OODFOLD

Folding Doors preparation.I know a bishop who goes to the pared."prepared."TheIt Lordis doubtfulalso says,that two"Be

chapel Sunday morning an hour more important words could be before anyone else arrives. The found in all our language.

beautiful grounds and the house of We ought to stamp these words worship furnish an effective atmosinto our minds and see to it that phere for meditation, reflection, and they are practised every day of our emotional conditioning. lives. The Lord will probably be

Jesus said, "Prepare your minds."pleased with what we do during

We also need to "prepare our hearts"the "tournament"if, like the chamand our feelings. The slogan of the pion golfer, we do our utmost during

Boy Scout organization is, "Be pre- "the preparation."

IT COSTS SO LITTLE... m real convenience, For use wood folding doors with the warm beauty of natural "To know where they are..

woods—so easy to keep clean.

Woodfold doors are available in 7 natural wood finishes to match your woodwork, paneling or furniture, in Richard L. Evans

sizes to fit any opening. Glide smoothly,

quietly. EASY TO INSTALL YOURSELF.

See them at... A much blessed mother and father were once

lived They with modest means, seemingly with no YOUR LOCAL THESPOKEN asked how they had so well reared their children. unusual love, advantages—except and character, LUMBER DEALER WORD and common sense, and common convictions. The

Distributed by mother answered the question with a short and unpretentious senMORRISON MERRILL tence—an answer that implies much, though it seems simple:

"We always tried to know where they were,"she said. Children

often wonder why parents want to know, need to know—why, in

the absences of children, fathers and mothers wonder and worry.

it is an obligation parents cannot conscientiously set aside. OneENJOY A LIFETIME OF But

of the safeguards of life is to keep close to those we love, to seek

HEALTH.. counsel, to share confidences. We all need to talk things out;

we all need to look at the several sides of any problem or proposiINVEST IN A tion. And who better to take into our confidence than those who

LEE HOUSEHOLD love us, those who have helped to give us life, those who have lived life's lessons, hard and whoseFLOUR MILL A longer,only motiveand whoconcerninghave learnedus is tosomeassureof our happiness success? and ELECTRIC

PORTABLE Who more than parents know our thoughts, our actions, our probAUTOMATIC lems, our activities and opportunities? They are legally, morally, inECONOMICAL escapably for responsible theirs. sorrows failures are us. Our Our

Stone grind your |; reflect to successes credit. their upon accrue them. Our have They flour a few hours

before baking. both the right and responsibility to know where we are, and what Taste the difference! influences shape our lives. Furthermore, it is part of the joy and

Choice of 4 mills, satisfaction of life to share experiences with others, to have someone write for prices!

Save introducon trusted to tell them to. And one evidence of gratitude, and of thought-

...tory flour offersend coupon with fulness to those we love and live with, to those who have most intercheck or money orest iri us, is to keep close in confidence and communication with der for 5 lb. pkg.

Flour is stone them. This is not only a source of satisfaction but also a source of

ground the day safety. shall turn the heart fathers of the "He to the children, and theshipped.

. heart of their children to fathers. the.."] Keeping LEE ENGINEERING in mind mothers

COMPANY Milwaukee 1, Wis. and fathers waiting (and keeping in mind that some day we shall

return to account for every experience to the Lord God who gave life), is surest us safeguards. one of our well keep And would we BAKE AN in close confidence communication and with him, with loved and

| HONEST ones waiting.

I LOAF! "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

IE-7-58 LEE Dept. ENGINEERING COMPANY,

1, Wis. Columbia Broadcasting System, May 18, 1958. Copyright 1958. 2023 Ave., Milwaukee W. Wisconsin

.... Deaf Smith Flour 5-lb. pkg. Pp. only $1.50

.... Wis. Minn. Flour 5-lb. pkg. Pp. only $1.00

Name (See page 559 for references.)

Street

City State

-<Jk 544 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Get the

Melchizedek Priesthood

(Continued) matters that shouldbe considered in the departments of Big Bonus stake priesthood leadership meetings. That is left to the initiative Change to

and intelligence of the brethren who know local conditions and the needs of the particular quorums involved.

There is no intention of taking from the stake committees their initiative and opportunities to work out their own problems.

Similarly, the stake committees should not try to detail the work of the quorum presidencies but should counsel and encourage them and leave them free to use their own You'll thrill to a new concept of smooth, surging, judgment and initiative. People knockfree power.

should be taught correct principles PowerChoose Regularthe gradeforyourmostcarcarsis designedand UltraPowerto use—UltraEthyl

and allowed to govern themselves. for those with higher compression.

But when the brethren concerned Utoco UltraPower Gasoline, created by understand the principles and the formmodernat itsresearch,best. will make your car perit willproblems, found be that no

cars muscle, Gives new more old cars more life, makes for proper materialone will want too. thrifty, traveling fun and

to use in the departments of the Octane (antiknock) and quality ratings of UltraPower leadership meetings. gasolines are at all time highs.

For greatest motoring pleasure, drive into a Utoco station and get the care your car deserves.

You ex pect more from Utoco and you get it!

KINGDOM

by Alma Robison Higbee

They are his at last, forty acres of hilly land, Half of it fenced, and a little meadow stream, Here are other Utoco top quality products and services. '

Super Permalube—finest all weatherA longnecked hoe that fits his calUTOCOMotor Oil.

loused hand, ATLASguaranteedTires,by UtahBatteriesOil Refiningand AccessoriesCompany, by from coast to 38,000 dealersAnd a house of native logs. This coast.honoredYour guarantee of top value.

White Torch Restrooms, was his dream friendly Courteous

And he worked for it through all the service. UTAH OIL REFINING CO.

slim young years.

He worked and saved and a good, recorded deed Says it belongs to him. No more,

fears ABOUT SENTINEL'S Haunt his seed, his pillow, for now he sows Have uou \m& NEW FAMILY PLAN?

policy protects Dad OnePlows his own furrows, and sees children ($5,000), FUTUREMother arrivals($1,000), withand allno each)—even the ($1,000

below increase in the one low premium. If Mother and Dad are

The smoke curl from his chimney, a 25regardlessyears old,of thehow premiummany childrenwould betheyonlyhave$9.44or perexpectmonthto

warming thing have!giving Comparecomplete withdetails,yourwritepresentto Sentinelcost. ForSecurityspecialLifefolderInFor a man with a wife and two surance Co., 2121 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah.

young sons to grow THE And inherit his land. He is richer

than a king.

2121 South State Street Salt Lake City, Utah

Underwritten by Sentinel Security Life Ins. Co.

JULY 1958 545 Rosetta Bennett preparation for this assignment. She Sister Bennett's interest in genehad fasted and prayed, but somehow alogical work has been an inspiration

(Continued) ily were Rosetta Walthe words or thoughts would not to not only her family but also to lace Bennett's paramount interests. come—then she writes. her many friends. Throughout her

From the time she was a very entire life she devoted time, energy, young girl, she devoted her time, The day came when the sheaf was to and means in seeking the names of talents, and means to the Church. be presented to the committee. It was not her progenitors that their endow-

I In soul of anguish asked the of ready. for them. done her choice work might be memories mentOne of

efforts to accept honest Lord my humble, family, to her both chosen to girlhood Her responsibility was beingyoung it, it finish for possibfe to and make me present a bouquet of roses to Presito give it to me as he would have it living and dead, was one of the great dent Wilford Woodruff at the Taberwritten. Before I arose from my knees motivating forces in her life. Her

nacle. my thoughts became crystal clear. I arose trips to Europe were not to sightIn 1896 she was called by Sister and began to write the words as they see, but to find records and names of

Elmina Taylor to the general board were dictated to me—a steady flow—simple, her family tree. She found no

of the Young Ladies Mutual Imdirect, powerful words. The fourfold greater satisfaction than when Kitty,

provement Association, and she sheaf was finished—bound—not by me but the English girl who did much of

Spirit of material the out of the God to light that time by work, research brought continuously I herserved from preparation the gathered and I had had 1937. link inuntil the early her family line In and a new November sincerity, faith. in humility, and made

days of her board work, she traveled she could have the endowment work to many parts of the Church in a GLEANER SHEAF done. Rosetta Wallace Bennett has

horsedrawn, whitetop wagon. helped fulfil the prophecy of the

Her contributions to general board Who shall ascend into the hill of the Prophet Malachi in turning the committees and programs cannot be Lord? or who shall stand in his holy place? heart of the children to their fathers

evaluated highly enough. To every He that hath clean hands, and a pure by her genealogical research and

committee to which she was asheart; who hath not lifted up his soul work.

a wonderful way of insigned, she brought clear, indeuntoshall receivevanity, thenor blessingsworn deceitfully.from the Lord,He She had

pendent thinking, fearless expression and righteousness from the God of his stilling in her children, grandchilfor the lessons, plans which she felt salvation. (Psalms 24:3-5.) dren, and greatgrandchildren, the

were right, wise suggestions, and I, a Gleaner, from this season's gleaning, important lessons of life. They all

with all, a receptive, open mind, and shall come forth bearing my fourfold rallied around her as she searched a keen appreciation for the ideas and sheaf: genealogical records. They made

thoughts of others. Her sense of First, I shall bring a clean body—nothmany trips to the genealogical lishall enter forbidden it—no corruption for learned brary admonishment, her and thus about her and "We inghumor

It is shall of eternal touch it. my surety seriously, for her. research through doing assignmentwill take our

ourselves too joy. take with the imbued Though deeply let us neverbut I shall gleaning bring Second, from my

reof spiritual matters,seriously,"oil over to pour seemed it shall a high importance pure heart. flow From

troubled waters when opinions and ideals, pure thoughts, clean speech, rightligious duties, and Church activity, viewpoints were at variance. eous actions. By the pure eye of faith I Sister Bennett also took an active

Her deep and abiding faith and shall see God. part and interest in civic, cultural,

her uncompromising belief in the Third, from my season's gleaning I shall educational and political affairs.

gospel, her spirituality and her debring a humble, obedient spirit. She was a member of the Tabervout testimony were two of the great I shall obey God's laws with delight. nacle Choir under the directorship

I shall honor my womanhood. of years, for Stephens outattributes Evan her an many which made

diligently, I intelligently, shall and first the the time from and valuable Utah boardstanding and mem- I shall prayerfully perform any duties.

ber. know God. Symphony orchestra was organized

When the Lion House was turned Fourth, from my season's gleaning I until the time of her death she was over to the YWMIA as a social censhall bring an honest mind. an active member of the organizater, Sister Bennett was called to the I shall not bear false witness. tion, enthusiastically supporting it.

committee to help restore and make I shall speak truly. It was rare indeed when Rose Benplans for the use of the house. Her I shall honor my word. nett with some member of the famideas were valuable, her work tire- I shall learn the truth, and the truth ily or a friend was not found in the

shall make me free.less. a concert. during audience center to the gave She many

I shall sheaf, fourfold bearing Thus my she kept gifts Always are her membership usefulbeautiful which and into the hill to of the Lord ascend hope still in use. For years she helped and stand in His holy place; then shall I in the University of Utah Alumni

plan for the girls'summer camps receive the blessings from the Lord and Association, and in her late years throughout the Church, remaining righteousness from the God of my salbecame an active member of the vitally interested in the camp provation. Emeritus Club.

gram all her life. No worthy civic endeavor found

While on the Gleaner committee, She took humble pride and joy her unsympathetic. Hers was one of

she was assigned to write a code of in this Gleaner Sheaf that she had the first contributions for landscapliving for the young women of the written, because she felt she had ing and planting a garden at the

Church, of which the Gleaner Sheaf been blessed with inspiration from State Prison. She gave liberally to

is symbolical. This, she felt, was her Father in heaven in its preparathe mental health cause and was

perhaps her greatest contribution to tion. Thousands of girls throughever cognizant of the needs of canYWMIA work. out the Church use it as part of their cer, heart, tuberculosis, and other

In her own words she tells of the Gleaner work. health organizations.

546 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

BIND YOUR

No one will ever know the many because of her generosityfacets she I provement Eras wereand Brother John F. Bennett

theyquiet about the good did, but for years of future use organizations individuals andmany were recipients of gifts and their ONLY understanding and support.

At Christmas time, under her $300supervision her children always helped her prepare boxes—many plus postage—at

boxes for many friends, needy and otherwise, each box a personal one DESERET with special things that Sister Bennett knew the recipient needed or NEWS PRESS would especially like. Daughters

or sons or grandchildren would

Sister to each Bennett housedrive

Salt Lake City, Utah Rate Distance from reference and instruction valuable gifts. In The the Christmasand deliver

will Era in matter miles,. Ai. to,150 be Uplater sons the daughters years and for form, The, in. at Improvement,bound, volume close hand

carried on as their mother had alfuture use if you have each year's 150 to 300 miles 49 ways done before. issues handsomely bound by the Deseret 300 to 600 miles 59

is plus necescost Press. $3 The miles 73 1000 qq to to News children devotion of her The issues 12 bound. for each sary postage

s g g fQ ]4QQ 100Q m] solicitude, theirher, their love and with orders be accompanied All must miles to - ] -06 400 1 1 80 following the in advance. payment Use greater during evenwhich became

the last few years of her life, gave rate guide to determine postage costs. Over 1800 miles 1.23

them the opportunity to learn by example the important lessons of life. father thy thy and "Honour Deseret News Press deepest themother"took on meaning for them, and the commandTHE WEST'S FINEST PRINTERS AND BINDERS

ment became a reality in their lives. 31 RICHARDS STREET EMpire 4-2581 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

It was on March 16, 1958: just as

her garden was beginning to blossom with purple and yellow crocuses promising spring's awakening, when, surrounded by the members of her loving and devoted family, Rosetta

Wallace Bennett, an example of nobility, spirituality, and aristocratic womanhood, passed away. Family.

friends, and community will miss her and revere her name and will remember her for unsurpassed service to the young women of the Church and because of the exemplary lives of her sons and daughters.

"Unto Every Man"

( Continued "To better God's work!

What audacity, and yet His will And my privilege."

—Thomas H. Briggs

Understand our "Samenesses"

An acknowledgment of the fact that there are redheads, brunettes, and blondes in our group should not limit our building upon certain

JULY 1958 547 BOOKS for fundamental "samenesses"which are Saints made up the first handcart class. it is of vital to imporare every There company—but common the CHURCH that to of all tance during teaching that he understand techniques which

personalities respond, i. e., the three a certain period of our country there ORGANIST basic drives must be satisfied: was a cause deemed great enough

1. The need for belonging. This that thousands left their families,

implies the universal need to be friends, and worldly possessions, to loved, to be wanted, and to become endure hardship, conquer a wilder- a part of the group. Perhaps this ness, and even give their lives rather

is one of the most difficult needs to than deny the truths of the restored satisfy, since according to psycholgospel. This type of knowledge has

ogists, it is frequently when a child meaning. It fosters power sufficient

least deserves love that he is most in to change the life of a student!

need of it! But have it he must! Teach facts, yes, but make them live

2. The need for a sense of achieveby teaching feelings, too!

ment. Each student must experience We can vary the approach, but

a consistent number of successes. must always be enthusiastic about

These may be major or minor in nathe thoughts we desire to convey.

ture, but if he is to achieve, he must "A passive recipient is a twogallon 2.00 THE CONSOLEFelton AT jug. teacher does not the Whenever to feel that he is progressmade 2.50 he ECHOESFelton CHANCEL first the excite inquiry, prepare ing. forcibly first Methodology comes DEVOTIONAL ORGAN ALBUMAsper 2.50 into play in this area. The use of mind by waking it up to a desire to

EIGHT SACRED SONGSHart 1.50 a question can be most effective. The know, and if possible to find out by

FAVORITE SACRED MELODIES 1.50 good teacher knows that there are itself, but proceeds to think for the STICKLES

results to give FIRST LESSONS him the child, and ORGANON THE answers. "wrong""Perhaps you 1.75 few Ne-'in desired, are before or they are of before thinking Jones of the John METHODORGAN HAMMOND

SfalnerHaMett 2.00 which we spoke yesterday—let me they have been sought for, he makes

IN THE CHURCHAsper ORGAN jug, a twogallon of a child restate question."the instructhe mind The 2-... 2.75 VOLUNTARIESVols. 1 & ORGAN pour just two he suffiinto which tor can may giving reword, always ea. Schreiner 3.50

33 FAVORITE ORGAN SOLOScient clues to insure a correct gallons, but no more. And if day

Schirmer 1.50 answer, if the particular student after day he should continue to pour WARNER'S DEVOTIONAL TRANSCRIPTIONS 1.50 needs this type of encouragement. in, day after day he may expect

listed The above of part stock. our organ booksWearehavejust booksa smallfor "Who is buried in Grant's tomb?"that what he pours in will run over."

all electronic organs, reed and pipe organs. may not always be a facetious ques-—David P. Page

Approval Sent on Music tion! Conversely, the questions or

advertisement your order blank as Use this other requirements should be geared Coping with the "Differences"

MUSIC DAYNES COMPANY fit capabilities to student. of the the 1st 15 South is literature replete with Since

ll City E.Lake r Utah Salt abilities of the Unless individual the

the indicated above. music let Please send student, us for helps the average

is little there are motichallenged Charge Approval On to those discussion our confine who learning. vated Enclosed Money

fit of classroom the the not norm do 3. recognition. Everyfor need The... Name exceptionare students—those who his loves to hear spoken one name bright. Address Beor ally unusually slow publicly. the shyest us Even among

for are steps taken fore remedial City State & smallest the with pride beams when well students, these would do we is recognition. given achievement

first the to to understand endeavor this establish helps a need Meeting dunes Music place, or "status"for the individual, reasons behind their performance.

tests clinical to the In addition made part of every can phase of be a and this for schools the available through relationships. studentteacher our

15 E. 1st So. to greatest aid possibly the purpose,

story, welltold demonstration,145 NORTH UNIVERSITY. PR0VO-''Salt Lake City 11, Utah A

is his of observateacher the power to universal or has appeal example a tion. about can be learned Much alike. After the young and old

of girl if special note or is made a boy repetition is taught, or "reconcept their friends, their clothes, their learning, that experiencing"cements their nicknames, speech, their and clearly it has been the value of TempleLONDONTours tf/ if interests. of course, a home And

defined. AQ

visit in unis of inestimable value UP Polar Route Air If of a the influence teacher does ""child. the "whole"derstanding L.O.S. Tours Keith Write: Gudmundson, the classroom, he extend beyond not

E. Manchester, 327 students taught, have not has and his California Inglewood,

that learned. Unless which not we The Bright Student 2-1129 Lake Salt PhoneDA

Los Angeles Phone—OR 8-6374 teach has meaning and importance This student can either be a

in the everyday life of the student, troublemaker in the classroom or a we have wasted both our time and valuable teacherhelper, depending is not important that the on the climate set for him. If his SHEET MUSIC his. It

conare not abilities and interests student history memorize ORDERS BY MAIL INVITED Church restchallenged, he becomes places, many stantly dates and and how

SUMMERHAYS MUSIC CO.

3719 So. State Salt Lake City 15, Utah

548 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA less and bored, and thus seeks expression through disrupting others'studies. One alert to his needs

might: 1. Give him leadership of small

groups. (This might be a group of

others like himself or slower students.)

2. Assign him special projects

which are independent of the rest of the class. 3. Encourage him to go beyond

the scope of that required by the class as a whole.

4. Counsel with his parents to assure that his outof-school activities

are also varied and meaningful.

5. Avoid "busy work"such as

chapter outlining and excessive noterr- taking.

LEADERSHIPThe Slow Learner Deseret Federal is directed by men of integrity who have

This child, like the bright student, earned for their institution an enviable reputation of sound is frequently the cause behind probance,managementDeseret andFederalsuperiorhas neverservice.missedUndera dividendthis kind paymentof guidlems in classroom discipline. Too in 52 years!

often the pace set for the group is beyond his capacity and speed. We CURRENT RATE

must ever be aware that "every child EARNINGS

INSUREDis ON individual an he travels and by 3'/2%. Federal at Deseret earn Savings a generous And

his schedule."tailormade time own twice are earnings those compounded each year to make SAVINGS Gesell.) the folfaster.(Arnold Perhaps savings even your grow

lowing suggestions will be helpful:

the 1. Group slow learner with QufaWiK SAFETY SAVE BY MAIL of similar capabilities.those

2. Explain each principle to him Each account at Deseret Federal is insured to $10,000 by

Federal Insurance Corporation, Savings Loan and anin more than one way, then repeat the

States of the United government agencyit frequently. further Federal's Deseret. reserves,.. and securedwhich even by own high

3. Develop full sensory teaching far exceed legal requirements.

techniques so that if he fails to respond to reading, for example, he can understand the material visually Jos. E. Kjar, President Clarence H, Tingey, Vice President

presented. 4. Praise him frequently for the

slightest progress noted. Perhapsthe best he can do is write his name, DESERET FEDERAL

but if so, find a way of sincerely SAVINGSHome&OfficeLOAN ASSOCIATIONBranch Office acknowledging improvement in this 44 South Main Salt Lake City 160 N. University Ave. Provo, Utah

feat. He must enjoy at least one

"success experience"daily if he is to be motivated to learn.

As teachers in the vineyard of the

Lord we must realize that there is Surgical Help more to a student than mind or intellect. We must explore every for the

aspect of his personality in order to help him become a useful citizen. Hard of Hearing

"Unto every man he gave, according W. R. Kilmer

ability,"severalto his and it must

EAR SURGEONS EMINENT THREE re- | SERVICE HEARING MA1CO chilof all within God's the reachbe that are restoring operations port on | Lake City, Utah South, Salt 148 E. 3rd

live the day.dren to abundant every people life. To hearing to many

article, in sim- I Please send complimentary copy. written This 600wordassist in students the achievement

of free is available language,of this goal poses the greatest chalple I Name.... issue of in the current HEARcharge

lenge to those who teach! ING PROGRESS MAGAZINE. Send in I

the coupon. A complimentary copy j Address

will come to you by return mail. I City State—

JULY 195S 549 Today's FamilyEileen Gibbons, Editor

The scriptural parable of the wise virgins who filled their lamps with oil in preparation for the coming of the bridegroom portrays vividly the maxim that "Where there is no vision, the people perish!"K

there is no foresight, the future of an individual or a societv is uncertain. Man may work strenuously

for what he can now see, but he can also plan for what he cannot see—if he does so with foresight and

vision.. Foresight implies an understanding of events in the

future as arising from specific causes. To know the

causes is to foresee the results. Food security is

achieved through anticipating the causes of food scarcity and food deterioration. Successful storage

of food is built upon foresight.

Food storage should be undertaken with two general goals in mind. First is longlife storage, intended

to meet the possible need for emergency food as the result of catastrophe. The other goal, economic and

recurring in nature, is shortlife storage. In each case

the principles governing the types of food selected, as well as their maintenance and use, may differ.

Uses for longlife food storage are normally emergency in nature. They may be acute and total for

infrequent and indefinite, though perhaps short, periods of time, since they may arise from destructive wars, floods, hurricanes, quakes, pestilences, major industry breakdowns, and other disasters. Foods for

such storage should be selected primarily on the basis of maximum stability, with ample nourishment in view.

The uses for shortlife or economic storage areFood Foresight related to the everyday risks of residing in a Lynrie A. Pettit, Ph.D complex society in

University of Utah which production and marketing are critically interdependent. These risks involve such things as

possible unemployment, interruption of transportation systems, and inflation of prices for goods or services.

When inflationary trends are strong, for example, continuous food storage may function as a protective margin against increasing costs.

Shortlife food storage may act as a pool from which constant withdrawals are made, with restocking continuous. It provides a buffer of safety for emerTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA

.

enjoy a

SevenUpTloaf

gencies and permits savings through volume and seasonal stocking. Foods

for such storage should be selected on the basis of frequency of use in the family, consistency with nutritional completeness, and rotational stability. Palatability of the foods

selected is also a strong factor in shortlife storage.

Causes of spoilage are important considerations in selecting food for SevenUp and your favorite ice cream either kind of storage. Biological

attack, chemical activity, or physical forces can cause changes in stored foods and should be carefully IN THREE SIZESforeseen in planning effective food N OW storage. REGULAR KING SIZE FAMILY

Biological Attack 7 0Z. 12 OZ. 28 OZ.

Biological food spoilage arises from rodents, insects, parasites, molds, yeast, or bacteria.

Rodents, though a serious problem in commercial handling of food products, are probably not now so serious in the average household. It The flaming torch, symbol of the press for ages,

is estimated that in the United blazes m prosaic places as well as the halls of the

States the cost of the food consumed mighty in our times. For the newspaper

by each rodent is not less than two is everyone's pattern for modern dollars a year—quite a sum in the living. Take the kitchen, for instance.

national food picture. Properly In every home in the Intermountain

stored food can be made unavailable West, there are dishes served from to rodents by the use of suitable conrecipes found in The Salt Lake tainers. Tribune. And Mother and Father,

Cockroaches, crickets, ants, bees Sister and Brother, find advice and wasps, flies, weevils, aphids, for diet, health and exercise in thrips, mites, spiders, moths, and The Tribune. The Tribune and

beetles are among those insects HOME Magazine will tell you how which cause much waste in foods. to cook, how to serve, how to

Cleanliness appears to be the most decorate your home effective safeguard. and how to improve your

Parasites such as worms, protozoa, garden. It's all a part of that

and trichinae are found in certain big package for modern living foods and are controlled through that's an everyday necessity in cleanliness and correct processing. your life, your daily issue of..

Molds, another cause of food spoilage, are small, widely uted distribWit JWt ake fiihunt organisms reproduce which rttumn mze

One of America's GreatiNewspapers

JULY 1958 551 KITCHEI1 CHARIT1 WAXED PAPER profuselyIn general,undertheyproperrequireconditions.oxygen foodswhen poisonsconsumed.whichSinceendangermanyhealthbacKEEPS FOOD moistureand some (thoughto grow.at timesA slightlyslight) terianot incanothers,growstepsin someto controlfoods themand

of FRESHER LONGER! maximumacid environmentgrowth.usuallyMoldsencouragesare conbacteriaare directlyinvolved.related to the kinds

trolled by cleanliness, by removal of oxygen, and by heating to temperaChemical Activities tures of approximately 175 F.

Yeasts are less numerous and less Oxidation, a common cause of distroublesome than molds in most colorations and rancid flavor in foods. They grow best in acid enfoods, is hastened by enzymes,

vironments but are not highly remetals, light, heat, moisture, and sistant to heat and may be destroyed pressure. Control of these agents

by temperatures of approximately is a means of controlling food oxida150 F. Other effective controls tions.

are cleanliness, and treatment with Nutrients, that is, the chemical salt. compounds of which food conBacteria, the most prolific potential sists, may react with each other to

spoilage agents in foods, are singleproduce changes in foods. Color,

celled, microscopic organisms which texture, or flavor changes may result.

under proper conditions multiply Acidity in a food substance somerapidly through cell division. They times has a marked effect on food

are found widely in nature, originatcolor and on stability of certain vitaing largely in the soil, and are transmins.

ferred by dust particles, water, Absorption of undesirable odors or animals, insects, or other moving flavorings may occur in the preparabodies. Bacteria may survive under tion of a food exposed to fumes,

a great variety of conditions: with water, greases, or oils, and if

or without oxygen, at low, moderimproperly packaged, foods may

POPULAR WITH MILLIONS ate, or high temperatures, and with absorb moisture or odors while

OF HOUSEWIVES... or without acid. There is evidence stored. Metallic or other chemical

AT ALL LEADING GROCERS to indicate that some bacteria are contaminants may inadvertently find

for example, can effect food color highlyconditions.adaptiveSome bacteriato environmentalare harmtheir way into foods—copper or iron,

ful; others are beneficial. and vitamin content.

Radiations, visible or invisible, FOR THAT Three generalizations may be in activity also promote chemical First, bacteria about in foods: made food. to light Exposure may cause WONDERFUL it is their processes growth which

changes in color Because and flavor. changes in food, because LUCCA FLAVOR produce

light rays only penetrate in growing and multiplying, they ultraviolet slightly and affect primarily only generally cause a breakdown of surfaces, they are sometimes used their molecules. Arrest growth, * food to prevent growth. mold However, effect the and their on surrounding they fats oxidations of can cause is food inhibited. substance

oils, resulting in rancidity. Long Seconal, the number of bacteria and

* present in a food is highly imporlight rays such as infrared may protant—greater numbers usually produce heat in foods, and thus alter

flavor, prostructure, change ducing proportionately efprotein greater * affect duce dehydration, and fects on they are the food in which growing. The probabilities of surweight, volume, and appearance theof

* vival (or adaptation) despite meas- a food.

* ures to destroy them are also greater.

Third, the kinds of bacteria in a Physical Forces critical signifiPressure, freezing, and dehydra-* * food substance are of cance. Some bacteria are entirely tion may introduce unwanted

harmless to humans and may be changes in foods. Crushing or bruisconsumed without fear of injury. ing, which often occurs in handling,

bacteria tissues, prosubjecting food in their growth may rupture USE cessesSome are beneficial to foods, spoilage rapid them changes. to more

producing substances that are useEmulsions may be disturbed and ful to humans or promoting flavors juices separated by freezing. Loss

and textures which increase palataof moisture by dehydration may afbility. other Certain bacteria fect texture and which of a appearance STARITALIAN transmitted foods Foreign cause food. may be objects such as glass, by

disease in humans by producing in metal, nails, or pebbles will of course

FREE Recipe Book; Write A. Giurliani fcBro.

. 537 Front Street, San Francisco 26. Calif.

552 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA render a food objectionable or even dangerous.

Food is said to be spoiled when any change has occurred in it which makes it either unsafe or undesirable for eating. Desirability is a relative

concept, for what is acceptable in food to one person or group may not be acceptable to another. Spoilage Whether you plan to enjoy your home for many years... or sell

changes, however, generally involve it soon... you'll find it pays to add improvements... a new recreation

the development of either harmful roomreshinglingin the job,basement,a new garage.an outdoorTheseliving area, fencing, a repainting or

substances or unwanted flavors, improvements keep their value over odors, appearances, and textures. In the years while you enjoy them.

some instances, reduction of nutri- A State Savings Home Improvement Loan with of will help you any improvementstion value is considered spoilage. many that your home

Prevention of spoilage changes is may need.

based normally upon the use of high or low temperatures, the removal of moisture, or treatment with preINSURED* servatives such as salt, sugar, acids, 3J%some spices, and some antibiotics. Current Dividend on

Each of these four methods in its Insured Savings AND LOAN ASSOCIATION own way serves to inactivate, retard, or destroy biological growth and -V. v. # >w Wgf,

prevent or reduce the rate of chemi-. o sparklingcal changes.

Sanitation is a vital measure in control of spoilage. The removal

or reduction of initial contaminations of all types, bacterial and MM otherwise, fortifies all subsequent lemon lime steps to control spoilage. The most

critically prepared food products, such as processed food for babies, are handled in sterile (aseptic) conditions.

Packaging in suitable containers in the green bottle is also important to the control of changes in stored foods. Assuming

an adequate treatment for control of the causes of spoilage, an appropriate package can prevent conwith the red label tamination while handling or storing and can insure that moisture will not find its way into or out of the product and that air or other vapors will not permeate the package. InGet in the Spirit!appropriate packaging may promote

spoilage changes, deteriorasuch as tion of color in transpar-.SERVE ICE COiS"76"and flavor

ent packages or some uncoated containers. Proper packages can

against physicalguard as damage A WEALTH OF EDUCATIONwell as contribute stato maximum bility of food products. BEHIND A 3e STAMP

Some guides to successful food MAIL TO storage are: BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

(1) When selecting foods for storAdult Education and Extension Services age, discriminate between foods deHome Study sired for longterm (catastrophe) and Provo, Utah shortterm (economic) purposes. Name

(2) Provide a balance of food eleAddress ments known to be nutritionally BRIGHA/Vl YOUNG UNIVERSITY City & State

STUDYnecessary for human health. HOME

Please send me without cost COURSES 300 t Brigham Young University's Home Study Catalog

I

JULY 1958 553 NEW DRIPLESS PLASTIC SACRAMENT SET (3) Consider palatability as a facdaily family diet to insure constant tor in the acceptance of the food at rotation; store only foods which are

the time it may be consumed. adequately safeguarded against the

(4) Assure that processed food has causes of spoilage; provide variety

received adequate and appropriate of items, within the framework of treatment against causes of spoilage those acceptable to the family, to and that in all cases maximum saniprevent monotony and unacceptatation has been and will be mainbility and to insure balanced tained. nourishment; diligently (continually)

(5) In longterm storage for major restock the foods which are taken emergency purposes, select foods from this storage.

which are of maximum stability by (7) Avoid extremes of heat and nature, such as hard, clean, dry cold in storage areas; maintain dry.

grains; utilize as far as possible the and sanitary conditions.

most permanent methods for pre- (8) Seek knowledge of the causes venting biological and chemical of deterioration in each food stored;

pieces, a consists bread and water of 2 Set select wisely for changes as dehydration in food, such and conscientiously tray, beautiful milkwhite in appearing nutritional in resiststability, concentration; plasor package balance, andtic. crystal handles. sturdy Large

ant, sanitary of to containers not too acceptance group; the consuming

pieces: consists of tray two water The

the a large envision nature to to avoid dimensions contaminaof the use filler,flat tray, as a water can that be used which in turn locks into a deep tray, that tion of entire lots when opening. which the stored food will be put.

absolutely catches ANY dripping water, and (6) In shortterm storage, select This is "foresight"in providing downis also outa receptacleof sight. for used cups, which drop foods which are part of the normal food security.

Sets available at Church Purchasing Depr.

47 E. South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah Utilize Space

Order for your ward today Plastical Inc. Company

Blvd. with Bookshelves! 3575 W. Manchester

Inglewood, 4, Calif.

by Louise Price Bell

Have you ever thought of biiilding so it doesn't adapt itself to furniture.

bookshelves in your entry hall, parIn such a wall, bookshelves can be ticularly if it opens into the living built, from floor to ceiling, with perFILMS! area as does the one shown? Very haps part of the lower section given DEVELOPED often there is a long expanse of wall to a shallow cupboard. The shelves

with only a depth of a foot or two utilize space that is usually wasted. and PRINTED

Send Coin Only - No C.O.D.i

MONEYBACK GUARANTEE!

SAMSP. O. BoxPHOTO1115, Dept. AALAB

Salt Lake City, Utah

FINE PIANOS

and ORGANS SUMMERHAYS MUSIC CO.

3719 So. State Salt Lake City T5, Utah

FREEWAY MOTEL

On Santa Ana Freeway U.S. 101

270 No. Manchester Blvd.

Mr. & Mrs. Russell C. Christensen

L.D.S. Hosts Anaheim, California

l'z miles from Disneyland

554 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA / Think of Papa (Continued) as few people ever do, particularly flowers. When we

had no flowers of our own and he could not afford to buy any he would beg or "borrow"one from a neighbor's yard, bringing it home with a flourish. Often he would say the

sentimental line, "Flowers, Joe, I knew you'd like 'em,"or "A rose to the living is more than countless wreaths to the dead."

He was a sentimental man. But

there are more grievous faults.

I remember Papa when I was a child. He and Mama would take

us down to the river to skate, to ride on our sleighs; he would point

out the stars—the little and big dippers, Orion, and the Pleiades.

I recall the team and buggy he rented to take us on a fishing trip never to be forgotten. I see his

hands as he peeled my apple.

I remember the feel of those hands upon my head when I was ill, his gentle words, "Poor child, poor child,"his watching by my bed, and his singing—though he really could-

n't sing—"On the Banks of the

Wabash,"like a lullaby.

I can see him yet, taking his heavily engraved gold watch from his pocket, opening it, setting the wall clock by it.

The oldfashioned clock is gone.

The watch lies in my mother's dresser drawer. Time ticks on, but specially for your

he is gone.... And I remember how he died... H

with a courage found only in the seemingly frail, and those with a knowledge of inner things.

But it is not his death that I would remember, but his life, and his goodness.

And I know that when I see him again he will lift his hands and say, "Well... well,"as though it were

the happiest thing imaginable.

And there will be his smile, and his kiss.

How priceless is the memory of a good father.

DESERT CACTUS by Betty Isler cc*>X *&e* to nature withstand byCondemned blast ofParching heat and sand, specal souvenir nenus

Rejecting hand, any human Pcfa! attentionThis of thorn wind- M: life, sunbaked,

blown, Out of necessity has grown COFFEE

A strange, dry beauty of its own. SHOP

Hotel Utah Max Carpenter, Manager

JULY 1958 555.

.. "All we could ask of heaven??

Richard L. Evans

Some thoughtful words of Addison today suggest a subject: "The grand essentials to happiness in

THE this life are something to do, something to love, and

SPOKEN something to hope for."1 In other words we need WORD

work (which, of course, includes purpose), loved ones, and assurances for the future. Life and work and loved ones

can be so sweet and meaningful, that many would ask little more of heaven—a heaven which we could all but have here, except

perhaps for the fear of losing life, or the fear of losing those we love. (The fear of death for ourselves is often not so fearful as fear

of losing those we love.) But with these fears taken from us, with

the good and beautiful earth, with life and loved ones, with work Fruitand peace and opportunity for progress—these might well add up

to about all we could ask of heaven, here or hereafter. And even

separations are not irreconcilably sorrowful if there is some assurFreeze ance of reunion, some promise of return. We recall the comment Easy "nofailure"way to freeze

or can your fruits of a boy who had been separated from a beloved brother for many months: "Wouldn't it be wonderful,"he said, "to look up and see Stops discoloration and protects

natural fruit flavor him here just as he used to be?"No matter how long since we

Keeps fruit salads fresh for have seen our loved ones, we never quite completely lose the exhours before serving pectancy of looking up and seeing them there, in fond and familiar

Adds extra vitamin C to frozen or places. This is one of the hopes which is essential to happiness.

canned juices—improves flavor And to those with hearts aching for loss of loved ones—to mothers

One 98ff can is and fathers who have lost children, to those who have lost parents, enough for 75 lbs. family, friends, to beloved husbands and wives whom death has

of frfruit sent on separate journeys, this we would say with earnest assurance: The ties that attach us to life are not just nebulous. Life is

3&SW personal and purposeful. Truth and personality and intelligence

are perpetuated. And those we have loved are more than merely

Fruit- a memory. "Something to do, something to love, something to

Freeze hope for"—these the Lord God has given—and not hope only, but

solid assurance. And a day of memorial, of remembrance, is not

a day for looking back only, but for looking with faith and confi1958, Merck & Co.. Inc. dence to the future—for the most meaningful things in life are

everlasting. He who has given us life here is our assurance of

the certainty of life hereafter. And forever is not too long with

in life. "BANQUETMASTER"those whom we have loved

THE NEW LIGHT WEIGHT FOLDING BANQUET TABLE "The Square from Temple presented Spoken Word"and the over KSL for Designed today's beautiful Broadcasting Columbia System, 1958. Copyright 1958. May 25, Churches Schools

Cafes Private Homes

(See page 559 for references.)

Made in the West by L.D.S. workmen.

Banyou buy, compare BISHOPS—Before

for quality of quetmasters material and THE CALL workmanship, beauty of design. Low

$22.66 freight cost—only paid. by Verda P. Bollschweiler Satisfaction Guaranteed

Sample table sent for your inspection.

Write or telephone collect JA 2-6601. For twenty years a dream within her heart

D. H. LOOSLI CO., INC. Was nurtured and has flourished like a flower;

Idaho Falls, Idaho Parents, teachers, friends, all had a part;

Faith helped, and prayer, and priesthood's mighty powei

Store Covalda's Natural "Date Chips"in refrigerationyour necessary. larder—No Today her son bore witness to the truth—

lb. V/24 lb. -53.00; Send $1.25 delivered.

for our price list. A dream fulfilled in that tall, humble youth.

COVALDA DATE CO., Hwy. 99

Box 908—Coachella, California

556 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA These Times Reminds you of fresh country cream (Continued) of Mormon theology as expressed in the Great Council of..that good Morning Milk

the Gods, should readily appreciate the Declaration. The Declaration Extra rich in flavor... extra smooth in texture.

presupposes that human liberty is a Keeps sweet and delicious indefinitely in the necessity for human happiness and wellbeing. It further presupposes unopened can. Guarantees superior cooking

that the reasons for this necessity are results.

ivithin man, not external, not beyond nor outside of him. Man must be So rich it whips easily when chilled

free to be either good or evil; to

do good or evil. In defense of this

doctrine in the seventeenth century,

Milton went so far as to make something of a hero out of Lucifer in before MATE COUPON TODAY

Paradise Lost. More than that, YOU BUY AN ORGAN

Milton portrays almost as heroic, FIND OUT MORE

WICKSLucifer's ORGAN COMPANY defense freedom of his own ABOUT WICKS

Illinois Highland, that nil.'desired HJ seeminglywhen he PIPE ORGANS

freedom to force others not to have By return mail, send complete information like is something Thisfreedom! an

about Wicks Pipe Organs to: IE758

Stalin writer portrayingAmerican in proportions, the heroic defending

Your Name,"liberty"dictatorship of a oneparty against the western world! Yet it re- ': '* i; v''V Your Church

veals something of a fundamental principle. Milton probably went out Street Address,

of his way to make the point. In

his Areopagitica, published NovemCity Zone State.

ber 25, 1644, Milton, arguing for WICKS ORGAN COMPANY repeal of an Act of Parliament reHIGHLAND, ILLINOIS NO OBLIGATION quiring all books to be licensed by official censors before publication, rrunvvoesaid:

i FOLDING "Who kills a man kills a reasonBANQUET creature,able God's image; but he TABLES kills readestroys a good book,who

son itself, kills the image of God....

"Good and evil... grow up toDirectDiscountsPricesto &

gether almost inseparably;... what Schools, Churches,

wisdom can there be to choose, what Clubs, Lodges, continence to forbear without the and all Institutions knowledge of evil? He that can apprehend and consider vice with all

pleasures, baitsher seeming and and TRUCKS storingMONROE abstain, distinguish,yet yet and and Chairstruck.s easy, Forthe modernFolding wayTables

chairs. EachandConstrue* handles West's Intermountain The is storage better, permits of truly tablesNo. eitherTruckyet that prefer tion TSCor which Storage Transport

space. in limited

No. TS Truck is Christian. true the wayfaring Finesthe Largest and

54 for showing Discounts Catalog Write "Let grapFalsehood Truth and sizes Tables, Folding types and of MONROEand Bridal Salon line Chairs. Folding of popular and Trucks. Alsople; to ever Truth put knew who

the worse, in a free and open en- 'THE 'WomiO COMPANY counter?... For who knows not 249 CHURCH STREET. COLFAX, IOWA

that Truth is strong, next to the Almighty? She needs no policies, nor You Travel Best when

stratagems, nor licensings to make you arrange your her victorious; those are the shifts Travel with

and the defenses that error uses against her power."

Franklin J. Murdock

The meaning of the Declaration TRAVEL AGENT is further appreciated when it is A WorldWide Stfgttffjjtjfa VISIT OUR ratherunderstood that it broke NEW LOCATION sharply with past American colonial, 51TravelNorth StateServiceStreet

Salt Lake City, Utah 38 South Main Street

Dial Davis 2-1129 Salt Lake City Utah

JULY 1958 557 as well as British and European exwards Filmer's view. Only Roger in England, moved the process forperience, in incorporating the MilWilliams, among the early leaders of ward. But it remained for the

tonian, Great Councillike view. To New England, expressed a view Declaration of Independence to esmany of the best, the respected sympathetic to that later expressed tablish a political society, based on

minds of 1776, freedom meant freeby Locke (1690) and the Declarathe broad recognition of individual dom only to do "good."These hontion (1776). Here, for example, is values, rather than on special priviorable people, like the ones to whom how Boucher defined liberty: lege or narrowly held notions. This

Milton addressed Areopagitica, felt "True liberty, then, is a liberty to is the grand meaning of the powerit was their duty to suppress, censor, do everything that is right, and the ful phrases that read:

stifle expression contrary to their being restrained from doing anything "We hold these truths to be selfown opinions. What was "safe and that is wrong."evident, that all men are created

sound"for public consumption was The difference between the Filequal, that they are endowed by a privileged matter, not a question merBoucher and MiltonLocke-Jeftheir Creator with certain unalienof individual right. They were not ferson positions is, of course, not able Rights, that among these are

aware of the need for "opposition extreme. It is rather one of emphaLife, Liberty, and the pursuit of

in all things."Truth and progress sis, and of the role of legal Happiness."

are only served under circumstances administration. The Filmerites, as Why government? What is the

of freedom. Winston Churchill, found for example in John Winthrop's purpose of government? It is not

writing in April 1958, said the adwritings, would have magistrates to perpetuate some ancient expresvantage of being in opposition require people to conform. They sion of human life, but to permit

(rather than in the government) "is would expel or excommunicate those the continuous, onward sweep of that one can outdistance in imaginawho did not satisfy the held views human expression as endowed by the tion those whose fortune it is to put of the community. (See Winthrop's Creator. In the words of the Decplans into practical effect."Defense of an Order of the Court, laration: "That, to secure these

Jonathan Boucher (17381804), 1639. ) Thus Roger Williams, whose rights, Governments are instituted

for example, was George Washingtheological and political views difamong Men, deriving their just powton's minister. He was also the fered from those of Winthrop, was ers from the consent of the govschoolmaster of Washington's stepexpelled from Massachusetts in 1635. erned."

son. Boucher bitterly opposed the Both views place a high role on the What about a government that

American revolution. After 1764 his law; but the LockeJefferson notion fails to respect individual rights?

pulpit was used to oppose the moveis more liberal with respect to the Says the Declaration: "That, whenment, arguing that Washington and rights of the individual, especially in ever any form of Government bethe like were not only seditious, but the field of expression. comes destructive of these ends, it

were "resisting the ordinances of is the Right of the People to alter

God."Like the men at Runnymede or abolish it, and to institute new

its foundationwho wrested the Magna Carta from WORD POWER Government, laying

King John, the American revolutionon such Principles, and organizing ists were told by many of their by Elaine V. Emans its powers in such form, as to them

clergymen that they were fighting shall seem most likely to effect their

God and defying the Lord. Boucher How curious that by a word Safety and Happiness."

was greatly influenced by Sir RobSo brief and quickly spoken In short, as John Locke had stated, ert Filmer, as were the English of As no, a dream, a way of life, earlier, the same basic doctrine:

the seventeenth century, before the A heart may well be broken—"The People Shall Judge."

time of John Locke. Filmer (ca. The Declaration of Independence

16001653), in his book Patriarcha, And by a word as diminutive is more then than a declaration of taught that God had conferred diAnd unadorned as yes national independence of the Amervine authority upon Adam; that A door may swing upon new worlds, ican colonies from their great mother

Adam had reconferred it upon his And undreamed loveliness. country. It is a declaration of the

sons, and so on down to the kings independence of the individual huand government of England. Whoman spirit. The basic doctrine was

ever, therefore, resisted or quesLiberty, then, has to be found in embodied and restated in the ninetioned the government of England relationship to law. But the Declateenth century by William C. Gregg

questioned divine right and the auration, in recognizing the basic docin the lines of a familiar hymn which thority of God. John Locke's Sectrine of the natural rights of man, the reads:

Treatise onond Government (1690) individual, for the a opened way this, that is free soul every "Know to written folly thewas show and of generous indimore embodiment life he'll his choose be, To and whatfiction of Patriarcha. Filmer's The rights vidual the within law. Engis this truth eternal For given ofDeclaration follows Independence lish this law in process had begun will to force That no God man

is doctrine aLocke's of denial and the eleventh century. The Magna heav'n.

is itPatriarcha. So, too, of denial a Carta a (1215) procedural embodied

Jonathan Boucher's sermons in 1775. principle whereby power less than "He'll call, persuade, direct aright,

Boucher's view of liberty is Filthat of the central authority could And bless with wisdom, love, and mer's view. John Winthrop and maintain itself. The Petition of light,

John Cotton, the early leaders of Right (1629), the Habeas Corpus Act In nameless ways be good and kind,

Massachusetts Bay, also tended to- (1673), and the Bill of Rights (1689), But never force the human mind."

558 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Table Queen sandwiches The great doctrine of freedom of to basic conscience, religious the great picnic treat!*S liberty First the provided by Amend-—

ment to the Constitution of the

United States (effective December 15, 1791), derives from this same great pattern and principle. It is

not an easy doctrine to maintain.

Its nub lies in our willingness to tolerate not our own views, but the views of other men whose ideas, or even their very persons, are obnoxious to one's self. It requires

Gamaliellike wisdom and strength to meet such circumstances. Such

are the conditions of freedom. The

responsibilities of freedom are another, though related, story. But

once a year, on July Fourth, it is good to contemplate the ideal of liberty.

Nourishing... Delicious! Baking Co.,

Salt lake & Ogden

OLD HOME REVISITED Only 20 Extra Seconds by Ethel Peak

Stand silent by the gate tonight, To Make HOT Starch

Let memory fill each cherished room Only hot starch penetrates hall with and those you love. Saves... Makes ironing easyto light; will spring house The

Doors will open, you will hear them Cold starch coats the surface 20 Minutes call.

... Makes ironing hard. Stand silent by the gate tonight. Ironing

Time 5 The easiest starch to iron 0% ART CREDITS: PHOTO AND Vs.- STjfjflJj Try it... You'll See I STAfe

(see cover Cover, note); Church Information

Service, 506, 507, 508; Dale Kilhoum, art, 510,

511; Harold M. Lambert, 513; Bob Taylor, 514;

Lorin Wiggins, and Jeanne Lindorff, art, 516, 517; John Davenport, art, 519; Alvin Gittins, art,

521; Walt Lillian, Deseret News, 522, 524; Rabe

Studio,Stein & LipiellAssoc, 526,and Gill,527; H.524;ArmstrongHal RumRoberts,el, Vic "Wt Sriim"(lifts

530; Frank L. Gaynor, 554. Key Ring Bracelet Bookmark

FOOTNOTES AND REFERENCES $1.25 $1.35 $1.25

FOR ARTICLES: 13 Golden Discs—each a constant reYour Question minder of the Articles of Faith—24 carat

Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, p. gold plated.

275-6. Write for wholesale prices to

2Leviticus 12:6-8.

24. organizations and stores 3Luke 2:22,

*Matt. 10:16. SERVICE GREETING CARD CO.

The Spoken Word 4937 S. Durfee Ave., Pico, Calif.

sureIntent—a test of friendship... CAMERA TOUR LDS Owned and Operated 23:6-7. 'Proverbs of

Mother's love outlives all""A them 'Accredited to Will James, Source unknown. BOOK OF MORMON LANDS

2Thomas B. Macaulay, Source unknown.

801iver Wendell Holmes, The Mother's Secret. Fall, 1958

.""To know where they are.. Slides available of Central Mexico, now NEED EXTRA MONEY? 4:6. 'Malachi

Indians, America, American History Church SELL CARDS, CHRISTMAS WRAPS,..""All ask of heaven we could lists. free for Temples. and Send GIFTS AND 'Accredited original. to Addison, source not

Big Profits Lots of Fun—known. full details write For

of Mfr's. Gifts BELIEVE""WE

OTTO DONE SERVICE GREETING CARD CO.

P. O. Box 3 Salt Lake City, Utah 4937 S. Durfee Ave. Pico, Calif.

JULY 1958 559 The Last Word

A fiveyear old boy in a candy store was in tears. It costs more to avenge than to forgive.

"What's the matter, Sonny?"the proprietor asked.

"I had a quarter, but I lost it here somewhere."

Welling over with sympathy, the storekeeper handed the boy a popsicle. "Here,"he consoled,

"you can have this one free."

The youngster brightened a bit, but tears still fell. One cannot always be a hero, but one can always

"What about my change?"be a man.

of superior are threefold: a ways The man I automobile I don't have to "Since have new my

is anxieties; Virtuous, free he from deposits."to with the bankwalk my

is perplexities; free Wise, from he eh?"over now, "Drive

is fear. free Behold, he from

I just any/'don't "No, make—Confucius

It happened on a quiz program when a soldier took A draftee was awakened by his platoon sergeant his place before the microphone. after the rookie's first night in an army barracks.

"Here's your question,"said the master of cere- "It's fourthirty!"bellowed the sergeant.

monies. "How many successful jumps must a para- "Four thirty!"gasped the rookie. "Man, you'd better

trooper make before he graduates?"go to bed. We got a big day tomorrow!"

The soldier thought a moment, then said, "All of them."The manager of a small town telephone exchange

told a middleaged farmer: "With those two teen-

A graduate student proposed to evaluate the genage daughters you have, we ought to double your erally accepted thesis that "Ambition Keeps Ameritelephone rate."

cans on the Move."After two months of frustrating "On the contrary,"the farmer replied, "you

research, he gave up. He'd found it was not ambition; oughtn't to charge me anything, since I never get

it was "no parking"signs, instead. to use the phone."

A gang of big bad boys decided to print some The nicest thing about the future is that it comes money, and having done so, discovered they'd accione day at a time.

dentally made a batch of $15 bills. One of the

clever ones suggested going into the hills and passing off the illegal money on backwoods storekeepers. "With a single stroke of the brush,"said the schoolOne of the gang tried it, making a 30cent purteacher taking his class through the art gallery, "Joshua

chase and offering a $15 bill. To his amazement, the Reynolds could change a smiling face into a frowning

merchant made change by handing back two $7 bills one."

and two 35cent coins. "So can my mother,"said a small boy.

The busybody labors without thanks, talks without Many a small boy is the kind of kid his mother credit, lives without love, and dies without tears. tells him not to play with.

560 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA by Elizabeth A. Hutchison

Great harps of the pines with resonant strings,

When plucked by the wind's imperative fingers,

Vibrate with the storm's tempestuous sweep, Filled with a dissonant terror that lingers.

In furious tempo and demonlike rage, Cacophonous chords, with evil demanding,

Rend the brightness of noon with shriek and with moan, A mystery beyond a man's understanding.

But now, with evening's mute benediction,

A gossamer breeze strums a soft lullaby, And low in the west a shimmering

Venus Heralds the peace of a hushed velvet No jelly tastes like the kind sky.

I lie in the dark and hear the low murmur you make yourself!

Of mystical music, whose motif is sleep; It's easy...thrifty...and no failures with SUREJELL or CERTO

The penitent wind, a magical harpist, sootheWould me to slumber, dream- * less and deep.

WIFE'S SONG

by Ethel Jacobson

stirring heat, conboil, high to over Bring a jelly. perfect plum Recipe: homemade I love quick your

sugar, stir in once, cups stantly. At lbs. tart 10 plums. 5 ripe Simmer 7Vz Crush grin; Engaging

stir- 1 min., Boil again. boil hard to bring 1 water. Squeeze cups covered, min., with Vi lines swift clean The gives time boiling constantly. Short ring layers. jelly cheesecloth Mix or bag through chin; cheek and Of boils less juice flavor! fresher in And 1 sauceSure-Jell you juice with cups box 5V2 that hint eyes Blue yield! higher get to up so bottle.) away, you 50% pan. on use (Or Certo—recipe things; Outrageous

The brows above Your choice!

Like soaring wings;

The lift of throat, SUREJELL Sculptured and strong, Where laughter bubbles, powdered natural fruit pectin

Or a song. But I know tenderness.r CERTO

Apart—liquid natural fruit pectin

For quiet hands Pectin causes jelling.

That hold my heart.

Remove from heat, skim off foam and pour fruitsAmountsvary.of pectin in

into glasses. (No paraffining with newtype

with SURE JELL No guessing glasses, for pennies 12 jars.) Yields medium

get with recipes you results sure of perfect you're a glass! And SureJell or Certo.

with all kinds of fruits—when you use powdered SureJell or liquid Certo! Products of General Foods

isHow much* - - ----O Dad worth?

When a feller needs a hand, there is no one quite like Dad.

How much is Dad worth?

There are two answers to this question. Only you can answer one of them.

But the other—the dollars and cents

question—can be answered best by your

Beneficial Life man. What would happen to your security and future without Dad? How could all the necessary

expenditures be met to maintain a smoothrunning household? Without

his steady income, how could home payments be met?

Let your Beneficial Life Insurance man tell you how Beneficial Life's Planned Futures can safeguard your family's future. **tT*?3i

Beneficial Life Insurance Co.

Beneficial Building Salt Lake City, Utah Q Please send helpful folder on choosing careers for your children. BENEFICIAL LIFE

Q] Please send more information about Beneficial's Planned

Futures Program. fnMtance

Name: Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

Street or RFD -.'- -—

City - Zone State