ELDER GEORGE Q. MORRIS

MAY 1954 SEE YOUR LOCAL IRONRITE IRONER DEALER THIS WONDERFUL NEW

ITSTilil Automatic Ironer

- $191.95) (Fair Trad. Retail Price

Can be yours for as little as.95 week

Model 800 (Standard Model) SK::8iSj::SSmmmmmmmmmmm

lk Saves you from 4 to 6 hours ironing time every week, for the rest of your life ")Ar Irons anything you can wash—beautifully

lAr Lets you sit down and relax while you iron

Take all the hard work out of ironing day with an Ironrite! Sit down and iron everything in

your washbasket in less than half the time you'd spend at hand ironing—and feel rested

85 Model Model) and relaxed besides. (DeLuxe

Only Ironrite offers you two completely

Ironrite have an model We usable open ends, handy Doall ironing points, fit to needs your and budget.

Ironrite features that exclusive other make

Shown above is Ironrite Deirons anything ironer that the only can you

Luxe Model, with whitewash. Stop in today and see a demonstration

enamel work surface hood.

of this timesaving, laborsaving appliance.

Ask for Ironrite!:--::--

Learn how YOU can "Take A Holiday From Ironing Drudgery For The REST Of Your Life."Write now for valuable FREE eolorillusirated

booklet, IRONRITE IS DISTRIBUTED IN THE INTERMOUNTAIN STATES

DESERET APPLIANCE DISTRIBUTORS INC. By

142 South 5th West, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send me free of charge valuable booklet "Take a Holiday [ from ironing Drudgery for the REST of Your Life."DESERET APPLIANCE

Name DISTRIBUTORS INC.

Address j 142 South 5th West, Salt Lake City, Utah | City State.. Phone 9-6587 or 3-4838

EXPLORING W BIGGEST NEWS

In Cracker History!

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

Snacks, soups, salads... everything

''Through research by the Utah Agritastes better when it's accented with cultural Experiment Station oncrested wheatgrass pastures in souththe grand NEW taste in crackers—

ern Tooele County, Utah, it has been Club Crackers by Purity!found that the carrying capacity of these

seeded pastures is seven to ten times that of native sagebrush range, and You'll really go for their rich 'n hearty flavor..,

percent are seventyfive gainscattle... crisp 'n flaky texture. ready inviting new shape ranges aregreater. Wheatgrass

for grazing two to three weeks ahead of native range. Studies over four years

established that more pounds of beef were produced from moderately grazed pastures than if heavily grazed for first two years, resulting in less food the last two years.

/allium is a rather rare metal with some unusual properties. Gallium

is liquid above 86F. but does not boil.,. the

until 2900F. Its density is 5.9 times

that of water. It wets many surfaces grand

such as glass and porcelain, and peculiarly (like water) expands when solidified. NEW

TASTE 'T'he New York Zoological Society portrays the following life spans: tortoise 152 years, elephant 60 years, parin

rot 50 years, chimpanzee 30 years, giraffe years, tiger 19 ostrich years, 26 years, 28 the crackers I 3 months, and 3 years and mouse mayfly 24 hours. The largest mammal

is the whale with 125 tons, followed by the elephant 8 tons, the horse2500 pounds, the gorilla 630 pounds, the 4 lion 500 pounds, the raccoon 49 pounds, and the shrew onethird ounce. The

ostrich weighs 250 pounds and the PURITY'S hummingbird one fifteenth of an ounce.

'T'he1 izedword(Kingand appearsJames) inBiblethe Author46,277 times.

A new drug called "normorphine"has been used successfully in experiments at the National Institute of

Mental Diseases. Chemically similar to

morphine it acts as a direct antidote.

It is currently being used as a safe painkiller in obstetrics, to save the lives of persons with overdoses of morphine,

Phoenix Pocatelfo and to detect drug addiction. PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt lake

MAY 1954 289 THE INDIVIDUAL AND THE STATE in the Twentieth Century

by Dr. G. Homer Durham

VICE PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

A man from Mars visiting the planet philosophy of the purposes of political earth in 1854 and again in 1954 life and of man; that the search for juswould see many interesting changes betice, truth, freedom, liberty, responsisides television and rockets. But perbility, are all but obscured by the

haps most of all he would be struck by emergence of, and preoccupation with the rise and seeming triumph (?) of statistical tables and administrative

statism in human affairs. By "statism"theories of "means,"rather than ends.

here is meant not totalitarianism, but This might then lead him to the obthe acceptance of the idea that the servation that in the pursuit of new politicallyorganized community is reknowledge, knowledge is being sought sponsible for a large measure of social, for stateends and purposes—to increase

economic, and individual wellbeing. national power. Even public health

The observer would note a conflict measures often seem to relate more to between two broad theories motivating manpower availability for military serv- "statism"as thus defined. Politicians ice or industrial support for military

Don't let yourself of all party systems are interested in service, than for fuller, happier living.

forget how good conditioning human behavior. But one Somewhere along the line he could

your baking can set of politicians permit remark that the pursuit with be CLABBER and recognize the value of knowledge as a means GIRL, the baking powder with the V of alternative choices on of enriching life, of inBalanced double the part of the people creasing the range of alaction! they seek to influence. ternative choices, was

The other set seeks to threatened with a secimpose, by propaganda, ondary role—if a role

Many folks are familiar with steamed education, and force, a could be identified for brown bread, an old favorite to serve with single choice. Thus we such pursuit at all. In

Boston version baked beans, but here's the have "singlewill"statshort, the great doctrines that thousands been have of homemakers waiting for—a brown bread that is baked ism, and "pluralwill"seeming to motivate manand not steamed. It has that wonderful, statism. The latter emphasizes freedom kind would appear to be doctrines of

rich, delicious flavor with and texture what power. probthe would part of the on individual. He The nationalistic prefer people a some quality... "bake"

if his perspecably return to Mars, and, former emphasizes enforces conand rather than the version. texsteamed The

ture is typical of a good quick bread. The formity. The one stresses or at least tive into the life of man extended backis color rich, a texture dark brown. The six years, comthousand is recognizes ward would the indiimportance of the a typical coarse a texture with of bread

his first press the conference ment at on (ai least vidual and his untrammeled It by grains. freezes well, mixed for ready any

purpose or occasion. force) judgment in achieving unity of need of new, optimistic religious ideas

to refresh in the life kindle action. and other stresses unity of man of The BAKED BREAD BROWN earth, ideas the planet century twentieth cost. conformity and at any Yield: 1 Inches action loaf, 9x5x3

I cup sifted allpurpose 1 cup yellow corn meal The visitor of the nineteenth century of man that transcend both the "means"

Hour 4 teaspoons Clabber Girl %V4 cupcup seedlessdark molassesraisins would have remarked at the seeming and the "ends"of the state.

powder baking butter or cup strength of l/4 the dynastic Russian (Czarsalt teaspoon margarine, melted istic), 1 AustroHungarian, cup beet Turkish, or l/4I well egg, Chisugar cane beaten

I 1 cup whole wheat flour cups milk '/i nese, perhaps, and and German the new

Sift together flour, allpurpose baking powder,

Japanese all either dissalt, sugar. flour, and whole wheat Add meal, corn empires—now

raisins toss and lightly together and well. to mix solved, disrupted, decentralized, or THE SHOWER

together Blend molasses, revolutionized. butter melted note or margawould He the By Whitney Kerr rine, egg, and milk. Add of the emergence today powerful new ingredients to dry and

stir carefully just Russian, long American, Chinese and "em-

I beating a shower day saw /\ne down to blend. not enough (Do pires"of the century. twentieth beat.) into well Pour- - lovely, a tree. verdant maple Upon

loaf 5 greased x x 9 pan, at be perhaps, the amazed, He would

I roughly inches. leaves in beat the 3 glee brutish at Bake hour decline of individual the and man 350 F. (moderate oven). color, their of rob his ToIt turn them brown. them Slices best old. one day importance. But not could escape he

The tree refused to let her courage drown, the lip service paid to the importance of strongly stood, all But proud, for to and "the "peoples"people"everywhere. and see;

"singlewill"states the u In he would S3*'Guaranteed straighter, lovelier grew, note And and and more Housekeeping.Good by IWjjJr POWDER this to attention reflected in state be free,

bureaucratic controls and programs. In Defying with a smile, without a frown.

the "pluralwill"states, even, he would note that the individual tends frequently And I, too prone to let my worries reign, GIRL CLABBER is to oft their slight, indeed be overshadowed by organized Thought magnitude

AS NOWtc/WKNOWN "groups."see. herein great Might well a example THEIS WITH BAKING POWDER

the SatisuteedoouBlt ACTION He would then note the decline of When foolish worries seem to give me pain,

HULMAN & COMPANY concern with "ends,"with the rise of I shall remember that inspiring sight:

TERRE HAUTE, INDIANA pessimism, and the decline of optimistic The rain, the noble giant maple tree!

290 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TWO NEW BOOKS

books that following two note the We PRICELESS READING to press: us reached as we gohave

MAN—HIS ORIGIN AND DESTINY FOR ONL Y (Joseph Fielding Smith. Deseret Book ONE

Company, Salt Lake City. 1954. 400 pp.

$4.00.) /Conflicting attitudes expressed concerning science and religion have confused many people. Especially has

this been true in the classroom where hypotheses have been set forth erroneously as facts and where deductions made from those theories have been S regarded as established truth. MINUTEby LucyMASTERPIECESGertsch *?4tes

"Many of the followers of Darwin, This pocket size book is a those for his carried to the for instance, views inspirational enjoy"must"valuablewho verse. prose, and of materialistic deatheism,extreme reach to volume wonderful philosophy,A

sorrow. joy or of claring that not for in time creation occurred only

without the aid of any intelligent Cre- $1.00

ator, but that as a matter of fact, no GEMS OF THOUGHT such Being even exists. MiltonCompiledR. Hunterby

guidvaluable religion on volume science "Both have and suf- A GOSPEL SERMONETTES old. for and Mayoung ance Compiled result. by greatest fered as a damage, The primarily terial from gleaned

Milton R. Hunter $1.00 discourses. conference students has however, been who among of extracts wonderful book A

have lost their faith in God through fromeral authoritiestalks givenofbythetheL.D.S.genaccepting these manmade theories as Church. Each item in this

facts, as was expressed recently by Dr. bookgive ahaswidebeenrangeselectedof subto

Joseph W. Barker, president and chairjects for interesting reading.$1.00

man of the Research Corporation of GOLDEN NUGGETS OF

America, and formerly dean of the enTHOUGHT

L. by Marler Compiled Ezra at gineering school UniverColumbia us "Thoughts what make we TREE A PLANTED GOD little is this sity, are"and book in at address University. an Ripon Stewart Pate Ora By filled of choice with volumes

... inspiration in help and 'But An said 'even Dr. Barker, now,'of truth, beauty, and

Bible, studying the an poets, by bitswisdom spoken the most pragmatic materialist, in the instruction setting andforth prophets $1.00 sages. and

genealogical heritage. face of scientific presentday knowledge, to study. Bible supplement man'sA

is led to the inevitable conclusion that ISM $1.00

the heavens declare the glory of God STORY SERMONS and the firmament showeth his handi-;;% AlbertCompiledL. Zobell,by Jr.

work.'Another literary achievement

varied subjects on by many "Dr. Barker's to concluding remarks LETTER SON TO MY A the Authorities of General

Stewart Ora Pate by is this the L.D.S. Church the students 'As—were: the children

latest Zobell's literary compilation outstanding work of An Israel foreswore the liof the worship for proper your places emphasis a treasure and that the simple on and perspective golden calf returned faith and of to the for virtues which a make t adjustment wholesome o fORY brary. $1.00 so Jehovah, have crass the we foresworn

life. $1.00

mechanistic materialism and returned to that faith in God of which the SUNLIGHT AND

Psalmist of old sang. The Earth is the CompiledSHADOWSby

Lord's all is.'Jr. Zobell, L. Albert that therein and TELLER'S STORY thoughts compilation of on A great the "Knowing to provide need SCRAPBOOK life after by death some and

Compiled byLatterday thinkers Saint great students the worlds of science with Zobell, Jr. L. Albert funeral for thematerial which would to help prethem ideal or stories companof—excellentspeaker an compiled Interesting

serve their faith and coordinate in their ion in time of need. $1.00 speakingto make abilitiesyour readingmore proand

minds truth the pure taught science Lessons found. of both by and TREASURES UNEARTHED of knowledge and revelation, of us by Ora Pate some for have hoped longer Stewart exampleothers are remem-

"Little facts"known $1.00 Many bered. a book could facts which the make Book the of Mormon, about THE OVER BRANCHES WALL..readily questions available answering formed to them. The Stewart Pate by Ora last the century. by students

ispresent result....."the volume will enlighten This your tribe of of as told the Joseph The story

From a Foreword by studyyour interestimmenselyin theandBookseasonof fruitfulin the Bookbough ofby Mormon.a well; whose"Josephbranchesis a

Mark E. Petersen Mormon. $1.00 run over the wall."$1.00

Jr. L. Zobell, Albert Compiled by AMERICA'S SPEAKS BEFOREMATTHEW MINUTE SERMONS COWLEY

fifty Authorities quotations by concernTimeless General COLUMBUS (Deseret Book Lake City. Company, Salt Farnsworth as ing education, subjects prayer, atonement, such by Dewey

1954. 456 pages. $4.00.) $5.00 truth, etc. A great aid to gospel discussions. $1.00

Tn this volume of speeches, funeral At your dealer sermons, and a few letters, Matthew or fromorder. direct..

Cowley's testimony rings out with strikPUBLISHERSling force; his colors sense of humor FINE OF

S. D. BOOKS! BOOKCRAFT1186 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAH (Concluded 364) L. on page

MAY 1954 291 \Jfficial Or %n of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, IMPROVEMENT TIONS,MUTUALDEPARTMENTIMPROVEMENTOFASSOCIAEDUCA-

TION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF "THEERAVOICE OF THE CHURCH"

Jke Lkurck of

of cJLatteraau >ainld n> VOLUME 57 NUMBER 5 r*J a!J 1954

Editors: DAVID O. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPH SON

Production Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT - Research Editor: ALBERT L.

ZOBELL, JR - Manuscript Editor: IRIS PARKER

Contributing FRANKLIN Editors:S. HARRIS,ARCHIBALDJR. - HUGHF. BENNETTNIBLEY - - G. LEEHOMERA. PALMERDURHAM Jke C-over

CLAUDE B. PETERSEN SIDNEY B. SPERRY

General Manager: ELBERT R. CURTIS - Associate Manager: BERTHA S. REEDER,

Business Manager: JOHN D. GILES - Advertising Director: VERL F. SCOTT 2 One of the features of the 124th annual

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR general conference was the sustaining of

Elder George Q. Morris as a member of

the Council of the Twelve. A vacancy in

that quorum had existed since the passing of Elder Matthew Cowley last DeThe Editor's Page cember. This photographic study of the

new Apostle is the work of Austin Studios.

The Living Test President David O. McKay 301 (See also page 294.)

Church Features

George Q. Morris of the Council of the Twelve 294

Sterling W. Sill, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve 295

How the Gospel Came to Mexico Joel H. Martineau 302 EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES Your Question—The Marriage of the Lamb 50 North Main Street

Joseph Fielding Smith 304 Y.M.M.I.A. Offices, 50 North Main St. New Approaches to Book of Mormon Study—Part 7 Y.W.M.I.A. Offices, 40 North Main St.

Hugh Nibley 308 Salt Lake City 1, Utah

Microfilming in Maine - Lloyd S. Hughes 322

CorporaFunds, Mutual 1954 by Copyright 346 Priesthood Melchizedek The Church Moves On 296 Inc.,Improvementa Mutual Men's tion of the Young

348 Presiding Bishopric's Genealogy 322 Page of Christ of Jesus Church of the Association

Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. SubSpecial Features scriptionsubscriptions,price, $3.00$2.50 aa year,year, in inadvance;advance;foreign25c

single copy.

Visits Four S. Dilworth Young 305 City, Utah, Salt Lake Office, the Post at Entered to Hopiland—Conclusion

mailing for matter. Acceptance secondclass as Help Guide To Our Youth—When Shall I Marry? section in for provided of rate postage special at

Antone K. Romney and Henry L. Isaksen 306 1103, Act of October 1917, authorized July 2,

1918. Steps In the Stanley Kimball 310 V of Abraham—Part

Era Improvement The Valley Colony at Skull Hawaiian The LDS butis notwelcomesresponsiblecontributions.for unsolicited manuscripts,

. Leonard J. Arrington 314 Allpostagemanuscriptsfor deliverymustandbe accompaniedreturn. by sufficient The Nephite Monetary System Richard Pearson Smith 316

Through the Eyes of Youth—When Two or Three—or Even One Change of Address

Lt. Rulon R. Garfield 320

The Spoken Word from Temple Square dress.Fifteen Whendays'noticeorderingrequireda change,for changeplease includeof adthe magazine. of issue recent slip a from address L. Richard 322, Evans 338, 344, 352

unless the old be cannot made changes Address tury, is Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. G. included. 290 Homer Durham one the well as new address as

Harris, Jr.

1 lmes, 1 nese 1 he Individual... and 289 Twq Ngw Books 2gl

the State in the Twentieth CenYour Page and Ours 368

Today's Family National Advertising Representatives

Kate Mecham's Specialties Are Justin M. Smith 359

S.

Prize MexicanGarden—Egyptian Style, 356 If KingI Were in My Teens, David 360 EDWARD S. RussTOWNSENDBuilding COMPANY

San Francisco, California Stories, Poetry EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

My Father's Mansion Lily N. Hortnagl 312 Los 1324AngelesWilshire17, CaliforniaBlvd.

ASSOCIATES SANGSTON SADLER AND Handcarts Westward—Part 3.Helen Kimball Orgill 318 342 Madison Ave.

The Face of Kitty Franklin Harold Heifer 324 New York 17, N. Y.

DAVIS SONS & 341 Kerr 290 gaard Shower, Whitney The

St. N. LaSalle 30....345 Elaine This the Light, Frontispiece, Morning, V. Emans Wings to Illinois Chicago,

299 Lullaby K. Kent.359 of the Wind, Ruth Maryhale Woolsey

Poetry Page 300 Beneath the Days, Arthur Wallace

Grass Roots, Eva Willes WangsPeach 361 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

292 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Only Fulfer Co/or Planning Dealers offer you:

RugKeyed Color Plans—decorator

selected to go with your rugs!

ES *">."; n. ii. ii i ii.i irn ii;n.. inn. i n in*J Hundreds of Jewel Case colors; FULLR

mixed for you, ready to use!

:-<-.,r...,./0l*,,

Paint colors to match a thousand wallpapers! PRINTS

FulColor, the easiest wall and "thetth;. woodwork paint you have ever used J

V: MAY 1954 293 to become a counselor in the bishopric of the Fourteenth Ward. When

he was released in 1913, he served another year as stake superintendent of YMMIA, but in 1914 was sustained as bishop of the Fourteenth Ward, where he served until 1924.

He was then called to the general board of the Young Men's Mutual

Improvement Association. It was

here, on the general board, that he served as committee chairman for

The Improvement Era, the magazine that he had learned to appreciate much earlier when he was stake superintendent. He was one to

visualize, as a general board member, a greater Improvement Era—

one which would serve the entire

George Q. Morris Emma Ramsay Morris Church—and, it has been said, that

he with Elders Stringam A. Stevens

and John D. Giles, as they worked

with Clarissa A. Beesley, Rachel George q. Morris Grant Taylor, Elsie Talmage Brandley, and Vida Fox Clawson of the

laid the OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE YWMIA general board, and groundwork to bring about the combining of The Improvement Era and

Elder George Quayle Morris was stantly since 1904 he has held office The Young Woman's Journal in sustained as a member of the in some capacity. He had filled a November 1929.

Council of the Twelve at the mission to England from 1899 to Meanwhile, in 1928 Elder Morris morning session of general conference, 1902, where he labored in the Welsh was sustained as a counselor in the

April 6, 1954. He was ordained Conference (District) and later prepresidency of the Ensign Stake. In

an Apostle in the Salt Lake Temple sided over the London Conference January 1935 he was called as first two days later, April 8, by President (District). It was in that year of assistant general superintendent of

David O. McKay. He was formerly 1904 that he was called as stake the Young Men's Mutual Improvean Assistant to the Council of the superintendent of the Salt Lake Stake ment Association under Elder Albert

Twelve, having been called to that Young Men's Mutual Improvement E. Bowen. When the latter was susposition in October 1951. Association, succeeding Elder George tained a member of the Council of

Elder George Q. Morris begins this Albert Smith who had recently been the Twelve in April 1937, Elder

new career of service after a lifelong sustained a member of the Council Morris succeeded Elder Bowen as genpreparation period of activity in imof the Twelve. Elder Morris served eral superintendent of the YMMIA.

portant callings in the Church. Conuntil 1908, when he was released (Concluded on page 364)

Brother Morris with his daughter Margery M. Woods. Mrs. Helen M. Stewart with her young daughter Linda and

(right) Marion Morris.

294 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA W. SILL

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

He served for a year, 193132, as 1954 the University of Utah named a member of the high council of the its new family life center building

North Davis Stake. the Sterling W. Sill Family Life

Garden Park Ward in Salt Lake Center.

City was organized in 1936 and he For twentytwo years Elder Sill was called as the first bishop of this has been Salt Lake City manager for ward, where he served for ten years. the New York Life Insurance ComHe became a member of the Bonnepany. Many honors have come to

ville Stake high council in 1946, him also in this field. He was the

where he served until 1952. Then first Utahn, in 193,2, to address the

he was called as a member of the National Association of Life UnderDeseret Sunday School general board. writers, and was the first Utah man

More recently he has been the speakto receive the degree of'Certified Life er on the Sunday evening radio hour Underwriter. Since 1941 he has been

of the Church on KSL, completing inspector for his company's agencies this assignment in February 1954. in nine western states.

From 1940 to 1951 he was a memOn September 4, 1929, Elder Sill ber of the board of regents of the married Doris Mary Thornley of

Sterling W. Sill University of Utah, being, the last Kaysville in the Salt Lake Temple.

four years, chairman of that group. They have three children, John In recognition of his long and disMichael, David Sterling, and Mary tinguished service to country, state,

Elder Sterling Welling Sill, whom and community, the University of Carolyn.

the Church sustained as an AsUtah awarded him an honorary docMembers of the Church everywhere sistant to the Council of the tor of laws degree at commencement welcome Elder Sill to his new calling

Twelve at the morning general conexercises in June 1953. In March of responsibility in the Church.

ference session, April 6, 1954, has a lifelong background of Church activity from which he will draw strength for his new calling, for which he was set apart April 14, by President David

O. McKay.

Elder Sill was born March 31, 1903 at Layton, Utah, a son of Joseph A. withSterlinghis W.familySill

and Marietta Welling Sill. Early in grouped about him.

life he found activity and service in Mary Carolyn, 9, both the Sunday School and the Mufather,congratulatingand Davidher tual. Sterling, John MiIn his senior year at Davis High chael, and Mrs. Sill.

School he served as president of his class. He attended the Utah State

Agricultural College and the University of Utah.

In 1924, he accepted a call for the mission field to serve in the Southern

States. During this mission he served

as president of the Alabama District.

On his return from his mission, he taught school in Davis County for a year.

He held the lead in the North Davis Stake drama which won Churchwide honor at the Mutual

Conference in June 1928. For nine

years of his life, he has served youth as a Scoutmaster, attaining the rank of an Eagle Scout along with "his boys."MAY 1954 295 THE CHURCH MOVES ON A Day To Day Chronology Of Church Events

February 1954

o o Elder John Longden, Assistant to ""the Council of the Twelve, dedicated the chapel of the Chowchilla

Ward, Fresno (California) Stake.

March 1954 M A new classroom building to be constructed soon will be known as the David O. McKay Education

Building, officers of Brigham Young

University announced.

o During the allChurch basketball "tournament at the BYU field house announcement was made by Brigham

Young University that the field house was being named the George Albert

Smith field house. On an appropriate

plaque at the entrance of the field house is recorded the telegraphed message that the BYU basketball team received from

President Smith several years ago just before beginning the game that won them the national invitational tournament. It reads: "Coach Stan Watts

and all members of the Brigham Young

It's the grapes! University basketball team. From the

top of the Rockies I send my love and share thousands Many my grown blessing. are finest grapes world's The

in faith record. pride in your I have Joaquin San sundrenched in the

Valley of California on the Western your abilities. Play clean, play hard,

Slope of the High Sierras. From these play to win. God bless you. George

wellcared-for vineyards, stretching Albert Smith."

mile after mile, only the best of each year's crop is selected and dried in n "Time Vindicates the Prophet,"the sun to make Plump and Meaty * is the title of a series of radio adBrand raisins. That's why Plump and dresses begun by Dr. Hugh Nibley, proMeaty Brand are the tastiest, plumpfessor of history and religion at Brigham

est, meatiest, most luscious raisins Young University, on the Church radio ate! you ever

hour over KSL.

Make all your foods RICH with Elder Loyd Sorensen sustained as

Plump and Meaty Brand raisins. president of Humboldt (Nevada) Stake,

succeeding President Harvey A. Dahl.

Plump and Meaty Brand Natural Elders Emerson C. Neff and Vern

Seedless Raisins are: Stewart Schoenfeld sustained as counPURE President Sorensen. selors President to

UNADULTERATED Elder counselors H. Burt were Dahl's CONTAIN NO CHEMICALS

OR ARTIFICIAL Holbrook who was released, and Elder

PRESERVATIVES Neff. 7h$mt.

Q Elder Mark E. Petersen of the

"Council of the Twelve broke the

Luscious Plump and Meaty raisins come fo ground for the "David O. McKay Educayou as fresh as the day they were packed tion Building"of Brigham Young Unitwice-sealed in Flavotite cartons or bags. versity, Provo, Utah.

They stay fresh and hold their natural goodness and taste. Try them today! 1 O It was announced that the general

1 priesthood committee will direct

SAVE! Buy the economical two and four the softball program beginning with the

pound bags, twicesealed in Flavotite. 1954 season. A special body to be

They keep! known as the Church softball commitVAGIM PACKING COMPANY FRESNO, CALIFORNIA teeGeorgehasQ. beenMorrisappointedas chairman.withHeElderwill

296 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA be assisted by Elder Oscar A. Kirkham,

Bishop Thorpe B. Isaacson, the general

superintendency of the YMMIA, Elders

Elbert R. Curtis, A. Walter Stevenson,

and David S. King; and Elders Marvin

J. Ashton of the YMMIA general board,

and Elder DeGraff, coordinating Jay W. BOYGQ UfhwmekUck secretary of the YMMIA.

Enrolment in the school system of the

Church showed nearly a seven percent increase, it was announced as 1952 and 1953 statistics were released. The 222

seminaries of the Church enrolled 33,126 students in 1953, and the eighteen institutes enrolled 3583. Some 45,812

students were enrolled in Church schools, seminaries, and institutes on the

American continent in 1953.

IN KITCHEN THE

THE YARD Mopping is easy—j* J* Elderto the GeorgeCouncilQ. Morris,of the AssistantTwelve, AROUNDSave Steps -with with Boyco's dedicated the chapel of the Albertson Boyco's Rubbish Wringer Bucket.Cone

(North Carolina) Branch, Central AtforBurner.quick,Perforatedthorough Theconeperforatedwringer does

lantic States Mission. burningFabricatedof trash.from thecornerswork.avoidSquare

heavy duty upsetting and -i jr President and Sister McKay left black steel. facilitate storing*

-* "Salt Lake City for Los Angeles.

From there they will fly to Mexico City.

1 o Elder George Q. Morris, Assistant

* "to the Council of the Twelve dedicated the chapel of the Piney Green (North Carolina) Branch, Central Atlantic States Mission.

j n Elder George Q. Morris, Assistant

—* to the Council of the Twelve, dediAROUND THE HOUSE

THE YARD"BACK Tidyups Quick are IN - cated the chapel of the Kinston breeze, (North a you Save when Time - emptying Carolina) Branch, Central Atlantic place Boyco Waste garbage, a with large

States Mission. Basketslocations.in KeepconvenientBoyco They'reBoyco GarbagehanddippedCan.

Dust Pans near. galvanized for long-

O A President David O. McKay met They'relightweight.rugged, 2V2tastingto 35service.gallons.Size$

"u with the missionaries serving in the Mexican Mission.

O 1 President David O. McKay ad-

"*- dressed an audience of 1660 persons in a conference at Mexico City.

Elder Alma Sonne, Assistant to the

Council of the Twelve, dedicated the chapel of the Martin (Kentucky)

Branch, East Central States Mission.

Elder C. Leland Davey sustained as

president of the Cannon (Salt Lake

City) Stake, succeeding President Fred lookfor uuioU 5 complete line

H. Peck, Jr., deceased. President Davey

served as President Peck's first counselor. of longlasting galvanized ware

Elders S. Perry Lee and Lloyd W. Guest

sustained as counselors to President at your hardware or

Davey. Elder Donald Bagley, M.

former second counselor in the stake department store presidency, was sustained as bishop of the Jordan Park Ward.

This was the beginning of the annual M MenGleaner Week throughout the Church.

OO President David O. McKay and

""party arrived in Los Angeles after a threeday visit with the Saints and missionaries in Mexico City.

MAY 1954 297 GQSPEL IDEALS The sermons and discourses of President David O. McKay

In this book there is a great breadth of solid, satisfying counsel, of insight and understanding, of undeviating principle coupled with honest inquiry, of hope and promise, of love and guidance for living.

One cannot read these pages without sensing that President

McKay has had a long and providential preparation for the high office he holds. The constancy of his counsel, and the conviction

of his testimony of truth will give guidance and comfort, encouragement and conviction for this, his own day, and far into the future. $4.00

qANew Book by President Joseph Fielding Smith MAN, His Origin And Destiny

Just off the press. This important new book by our beloved

Church leader, President Joseph

Fielding Smith, is a simple explanationman—his ofpurposethe divinehere originon earthof

and the glorious goal towards which he moves. An authoritative and convincing answer to

some of the many questions frequently encountered concerning

Message from a beloved apostle man's origin and destiny. Truly

a great contribution to our L.D.S. Church literature.

$4.kOO MATTHEW COWLEY;i

SPEAKS Deseret 44 Fast South Temple - Salt Lake City. Utah

This book is a compilation of the addresses, ser44DESERETEast SouthBOOKTemple,COMPANYSalt Lake City, Utah

Please send the following books. Enclosed you will find: { ) check

( ) money order ( ) charge to my account for $mons, and letters of the beloved Apostle, Matthew

Cowley. The understanding love, the impelling Quantity TITLE Price

message of God's eternal existence, the challenge for the betterment of mankind—all this and more Name

is contained in this final tribute. Address

City Zone State- $4.00 Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax.

298 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA,.,:;:..':'".. MS

ftiiliv

WINGS 10 THE LIGHT

by Alarybale Woohey

A sea gull rising thrusts the sky apart

In rhythmic motion, powerful and slow.

Who could behold and ever fail to know

A swift responding eagerness of heart?

And when dull shadows deepen on the land

While through torn clouds a vista blue and bright

Appears, inviting strong wings to the light

What earthbound spirit does not understand?

There is a reasoned comfort in our knowing

That sun and stars are constant past the dark3

That we need only wait, and eyes will mark

Day's sure return, with warm resplendence glowing...

But O the faint call heard from far and high!

O aching wish for wings to climb the sky!

—Photograph by Hal Rumel

"".,. mm>:

mm

lllllll m.m1

iliili

;J:

BY A WATERFALL

3M$mi By Rulon Armstrong ]ones

Exploring one time in a valley small

I happened by chance on a waterfall,

Spraying like rain over rock ledges cool,

Splashing on down to a transparent pool.

MOTHER SPRING Reflected there was the blue of the sky

That curved to the crest of the ridge nearby;

By Mabel Jones Gabbott By Verdie McMillen The boulders and trees on the mountainside, like flowers miss a vibrant on the bank with mouths And wide. opened first kiss. spring's waitingChe had a way of letting fall a word WatchLie dormantnature Of comfort, or advice, philosophy. She then twines daisies in her hair

The days she walked beside me when I And sprinkles violets here and there. Halfhidden there, too, in a shady glade

heard at all afraid. not fawn, a spotted WasHer grace majestic in the pool in out now are blurred in one sweet memory. And

a snowwhite swan from her nesting MAYTIME Swam

Yet as I knead my bread, some few return, place.

"More salt makes better flavor,"(she was By Francis L. Urry

right) the surge of a breeze through There mid hearts hurts only little "In do small burn"; pis of sweetness perfume efreshing trees, the delight."the pill "sugar a child's makesOr Lv lilac bloom, the scented From out of of bees, a lark, song and The humming

forth bursting trees blossoms with And to understand go to makeHad she me o'er their the fragrance spread Now earth. AndI thankedthe peacefulGod abovesoundfor ofthatthatvalleywaterfall.small

her wise good and as I do now? knowAnd trees, flowers in the and beauty What

Is this thy way? Lord, thine be to comThe song of birds, the hum of bees;

mand, All harmonies of heaven and earth,

Mine to accept and learn and humbly bow. Blend in the joyous, happy birth. MAGIC OF DIVINITY

frozen cold of winter's From day By Lucile Coleman flow'ring glorious Into the May, its sleep, rises All nature from RAIN AT DAWN flight solo afternoon. your one made \7ou vast deep. glory with and Endowed

pilot, Civilian flew then, the mail. you thrills soul through Oh, how and my Higbee Alma Robison By as lightly sailed as balloon a toy Time through,

ong before the White Rock rooster shatFaintGod's not,glorysadpassingheartinamidreview!the strife, AndI wastraileda queenenchantment,who dailylikewatcheda fairy tale.Jack

of glass brittle dawn, tered climb the east like For everywhere is life—is the life! Beanstalks rain from the I heard come of air. No giants to devour

a swarm of crystal bees, Our happiness; no tallying of time.

And I knew that raggedy bits of snow still Each second now is one eternal hour.

left upon the lawn You fight to conquer a new Minotaur

Would now give place to living green; I Where bombs explode, and hope becomes

heard the boyish breeze, the sword

A gay, wingfooted messenger, rap on my With which I battle labyrinths of war;

window sill, My heart unwinding prayers to reach the

Fling back his ribboned laughter and pluck Lord, a treeharp tune; That through the magic of divinity,

Rain laid a chaste kiss on my cheek, then The monster slain, you will return to me.

climbed the distant hill, Dawn took some white cloud veiling and hid the fading moon.

I walked where a brighteyed robin, without NATURALIZED asking pardon, Drank from a blade of grass; the air was By Helen Harrington

bluewashed and thinned;

fingers springtime's whereThen I saw say of sometimes neighmen a had Farm through thumbed small wild garden my bor her place markedAnd three with blue fails his who part or does to do not measure violets leaning the on wind.

courtesy, obligingness, up in or labor, -Photograph by Horydczak "He has a lot to learn."At his leisure,

and given time, he will improve, they think;

SEEDS IN BETWEEN andat least,temperthey'llcriticismgive himwith benefita wink;of doubt

By Louise Darcy By Catherine E. Berry and nine times out of ten, he'll come about.

He'll get "feel"the of he'll things; his share are will then young, go you you seeds the ncer\ more are placed the IF within shoulder hills swift bright climb streams and Where"- earth, the across with fence. the In time, man flow,

tiny objectsSuch the yield older, to contain grown the feeling Tasting the and sun fertile acres; he'llOf particles asset broWn his to be now an neighborhood. the will run Warming you airheart—and scatteredAre and tolerantly, up each furrowed Then, down as someday, should, he tall Past breaker a white and

field: he'll rate a raw, his in neighbor turn new the touches at sea the night. moon When

rated: lot as he to learn!"was has a "He

Hidden, they lie beneath the fragrant loam; If you are old, then you will stand

Unseen, they germinate through balmy days Watching the grains of flowing sand,

Of spring, ready at last to be revealed Knowing no urge to leap or shout

With greening shoots no weight of soil Or throw a foolish dream about, RANSOM COIN delays! Content to wait; each hour's slow pace

Reflecting in your eyes, your face. By Marian Schroder Crothers

And men, as men have been for countless years, But Are confident that earth and sun and rain And I soamamneithertorn betweenyoung northe oldcold SpringHer wealthpays earth'srevealedransomto all joyously,who pass,

Together with God's blessed benison youthful And golden coins dandelion middle age By warmth—this

theWill bring seeds to fruitage once again. a trying, Is such mixedup stage! scatters grass. She gaily on the

300 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Living Test

by President David O. McKay

TheProphetgospelJosephof JesusSmithChrist,is in veryas revealeddeed, in toeverythe testThatto givetest knowledgeis most sound.to an Itindividualis the mostof simplewhich

way, the power of God unto salvation. It is the human mind can conceive. You may not be

our salvation here as well as hereafter—and it able to convince me of that which you know, but

leads to eternal life, which is God's greatest gift you know it because you have lived it. That is

to man. the test that the Savior gave to those who asked

What is eternal life? In that glorious prayer of him how they should know whether the doctrine

intercession offered by Jesus, our Redeemer (just was of God or whether it was of man.

before he crossed the brook Cedron and received But in considering his answer, another question the traitor's kiss that betrayed him into the hands arises: If ye will do the will. What is the will?

of the soldiers), we find these words: "And this Herein is the whole essence of the gospel of Jesus

is life eternal, that they might know thee the only Christ. Just as plainly as Jesus stated and defined

true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou has sent."what was eternal life or how we should know it,

(John 17:3.) just as plainly as he laid down that test, just as

Life eternal is what we desire; more than we plainly has he expressed what his will is. The i

are so plain constitute principles that that will else eternal in desire the anything world—life that, say, as the scriptures a wayfarand simple all for in world. the ours and us and And here

the words of the Redeemer we have the secret, ing man a fool, need not err therein.

the key given to us in a simple sentence: To The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

know God and Jesus Christ, whom he has sent, bears testimony to the world that the will of God is eternal life. has been made manifest in this dispensation, that

But how shall we know him? That is the next theare inprinciplesharmonyof withlife havethe principlesbeen revealed.which ChristThey

question. How may we know him? Has he, at taught in the meridian of time. In harmony!

occasion, that or answered any any time, on are they eternal, as are are the same, because They i it If so, because the answer, question? want we in all given dispensations of the principles of God,

is vital. the world:

In searching the record as it is given to us by Faith—who can dispute that faith is an eternal

men who associated daily with the Lord, we find principle? We cannot live without it. It is as

upon one occasion that men in his audience cried eternal as love, as constant as the force of gravity.

out against him. They opposed his works as men Repentance—why, it is not just in scripture that

today often oppose his works. And one voice we find that repentance is an eternal principle!

cried out and said in effect, "How do we know Read Carlisle, you who take him as a guide and that what you tell us is true? How do we know like his reasoning. In contemplating this printhat your profession of being the Son of God is ciple of repentance he makes this statement: "The

true?"He answered in a simple way, and note man who cannot repent is dead."And he is

the test: "If any man will do his [my Father's] right. He felt the eternal element in that saving

will, he shall know of the doctrine, whether it be principle. It is part of life. It is a fatal condiof God, or whether I speak of myself."(Ihid., tion to reach when one cannot repent.

7:17.) (Concluded on following, page)

ViP&&C}& ItEditor'sPage MAY 1954 301 THE EDITOR'S PAGE (Concluded from preceding page) And by doing the will of God, we come to know

So we might go on with all the other princiGod; we come close to him, and know then that

ples. And we can sum it up in this: After our life eternal is ours.

obeying the other principles and ordinances of This is the test: to do his will. And as we

the gospel, the will of God is for us to serve our test it, we shall know. (Robert Burns says, "the

fellow man, benefiting them, making this world proof o'the puddin'is th'preein'o't"; which is

better for our being in it. Christ gave his all to just another way of expressing the same thing.)

teach us that principle, and he made the stateThen we shall feel to love humanity everyment, "Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of where, and we can cry out with the Apostle of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it old, "We know that we have passed from death unto me."(Matt. 25:40.) unto life, because we love the brethren."(I John

Our message is to bless. Our duty is to serve. 3:14.)

PRESIDENT McKAY'S RECENT VISIT WITH THE

SAINTS IN MEXICO RECALLS THE STORY OF

HOW THE GOSPEL CAME TO MEXICO

by Joel H. Martineau

April 1938, an aged man, InAmando Perez, dictated to me an account of the introduction of the EDITOR'S NOTE gospel in Mexico City, which had its As President David O. McKay tendance. There were 1660 people

beginning in 1877. Over sixty years journeyed to Mexico City in March, at the Sunday meeting, and some

had passed, and he, now past eighty, the thoughts of the Church were of them had traveled more than gave from memory a vivid account of with him and with that people with seven hundred miles to come to this the incidents that led up to the estabwhom he was visiting. conference. The President comlishment of a branch of the Church President and Sister McKay and mented that the outlook of the Mexin that faraway land. This reporter their son, Robert, arrived in Mexico ican Mission is indeed promising.

early City reon the President morning and party McKay of March pious very that and gave he wasadds 19, after air flight to overnight Los Angeles an by from turned glory due all honor the andto God Los Angeles. three con22, he where They March had Monday, wonhimsheep"—thefor rememberingLamanites—inthethese"otherlatderful,aries andfullthedaysSaintswithof thatthe missionland. tractorsferred withconcerningarchitectsthe LosandAngelesconter days in sending them the gospel President McKay recalled that Temple.

and the Book of Mormon to tell them five years ago there were only about The article published here is a of their ancestry and the blessings to four hundred people attending a littleknown story of the beginnings be received by obedience to the gospel. general meeting of the Church in of the gospel message in Mexico

He went on to say, as a veritable Mexico City where he was in atCity.

blessing, and for no other purpose, the Lord of heaven has preserved the life of our brother, Amando Perez, saying, "Sehor, Sehor, buy this book!"his "other sheep."The influence of

the only survivor of the first memThe book was written in Spanish. The the Holy Spirit worked first on the

bers baptized in the city of Mexico man took the book in his hand and boy who insisted that Brother Rodaand to whom we are indebted for lightly looked over the contents and canati buy the book, and afterwards this interesting history. A very brief the title, Trozos Selectos del Libro de our brother Rodacanati believed in

review of his story follows: Mormon, and he became slightly inthe written word that he might take

In the year 1877, near the great terested in it. The boy told Sehor it to the Mexican people.

cathedral there were several small Rodacanati he needed the book and As soon as he had read the book, shops dealing in old books, on a street suggested he buy it. He insisted so he began telling his friends what he

called Seminario. A cultured gentlestrongly that at last the man bought had found and began to gather them

man named Platino C. Rodacanati, a it. together and read to them the mesman who spoke eight languages, went We do not know who the boy was, sage it contained. He soon had

there customarily to obtain books. or how he obtained the book. twelve people interested, among them

One day as he passed by, a boy The Lord in his infinite mercy has Amando Perez. Brother Rodacanati

about nine years of age came out not forgotten his promise respecting was without the priesthood, but he 302 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA taught them from the book and was guided by the Spirit of God.

Soon they decided to send to the head of the Church for information concerning the truth of the gospel.

They all cooperated, and seven weeks later more books came. By this

time there were approximately sixty persons interested.

The books received were the Book of Mormon, the Doctrine and Covenants, the Pearl of Great Price, and the Key to Theology by Elder Parley

P. Pratt. All were written in English and were translated bv Brother

Rodacanati. He took special pains

to gather all the brethren together and teach them. In this way they

studied for some months, increasing daily in knowledge, and soon they understood what was required to become a member of the Church of

Jesus Christ and were now ready to be baptized and organized. They

joined in asking the head of the

Church to send a missionary to baptize them. The authorities sent Elder

Moses Thatcher of the Council of the

Twelve and others, who arrived in

Mexico City m November 1879.

They baptized and confirmed the following: Platino C. Rodacanati,

Silviano Arteaga, N. Alatriste, and

then followed many others including

Amando Perez, the narrator, who took his turn on December 8 of that year. He told how the Lord had -Photo by Otto Done

blessed them, not having forgotten 'Pyramid of the Sun,"Teotihuacan, Mexico.

them.

Later on, the missionaries went to dent Young advised them to study called to open a mission in the RePopocatepetl accompanied by a great their Spanish (they already possessed public of Mexico. Later Elder Melimany Mexican brethren. Before they some knowledge of the language), ton G. Trejo was called to accompany

reached the top of Popocatepetl an prepare themselves for translating, this group, who were advised to exaged man could go no farther, and and to hold themselves in readiness plore northern Chihuahua with a view the group remained at a place called for their mission call. A few months to colonization by the Church, as

Pico del Fraile, where Elder Thatcher later a Spanish officer, Meliton G. they were en route to their field of

had all of them kneel while he exTrejo, who had been stationed in labor.

tended his arms and dedicated the the Philippines, was introduced to Public subscription had raised land and prayed that the fulness of Elders Jones and Brizzee. This author enough so that the small volume,

the gospel would come to this land. and traveler said he had been led Trozos Selectos del Libro de Mormon,

This ends the narrative of Brother to come to visit the Mormon people translated by Elder Trejo, could be

Perez. partly through a dream which he reprinted. Copies were mailed to inMission records state that Dr. lated. Making his temporary home fluential men in Mexico. One of

Platino C. Rodacanati, whose mother with Brother Brizzee, Mr. Trejo began these books found its way into the

was a native of Mexico and whose to investigate the principles of the hands of Dr. Rodacanati* and did a

father was of Greek descent, was bapgospel and was baptized by Elder marvelous work.

tized four days after receiving elders Brizzee. Being well educated, he In 1879 President John Taylor sent

from Zion. Within another two days began translating passages of the Elder Moses Thatcher of the Counsix others were baptized, and Brother Book of Mormon into Spanish, ascil of the Twelve to Dr. Rodacanati,

Rodacanati was ordained an elder and sisted by Elder Jones. whom President Taylor had received

set apart to preside over the branch At the general conference in Octoinquiries from, to open a mission in of the Church in Mexico City. ber 1875, Elders Daniel W. Jones, Mexico City. Elders Stewart and

In the summer of 1874, President Anthony W. Ivins, Ammon M. TenTrejo were called with him.

Brigham Young asked Elders Daniel ney, James Z. Stewart, Helaman Pratt,

W. Jones and Henry W. Brizzee to Robert H. Smith, and Wiley C. Jones *Records also spell his name Rodancaty,

prepare for a mission to Mexico. Presi- (a son of Daniel W. Jones), were Rhodacanaty, Rodakanaty.

MAY 1954 r 303 by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OP THE COUNCIL, OF THE TWELVE

The Marriage of the Lamb

iffif'SRysi

A missionary writes: "The scripture in "And I heard a great voice out of heaven sayRevelation 19:7 speaks of the marriage of ing, Behold, the tabernacle of God is with men,

the Lamb. This has puzzled one of my inand he will dwell with them, and they shall

vestigators and I have tried hard to find an be his people, and God himself shall be with answer for her. Can you help me?"them, and be their God.

"And there came unto me one of the seven angels which had the seven vials full of the seven last plagues, and talked with me, saying, Come hither, I will shew thee the bride, the Lamb's wife. in to a the spirit that shewed Thefollows:full text in the book of Revelation is as great"Andandhehighcarriedmountain,me awayand me

"And a voice came out of the throne, saying, great city, the holy Jerusalem, descending out of

Praise our God, all ye his servants, and ye that heaven from God.

fear him, both small and great. "Having the glory of God: and her light was

"And I heard as it were the voice of a great like unto a stone most precious, even like a jasper multitude, and as the voice of many waters, and stone, clear as crystal."(Verses 2, 3, 9, 10, and 11.)

as the voice of mighty thunderings, saying, Alle- In the Doctrine and Covenants, Section 109, luia: for the Lord God omnipotent reigneth. verses 73 and 74, we find the following:

"Let us be glad and rejoice, and give honour to "That thy church may come for.th out of the

him: for the marriage of the Lamb is come, and wilderness of darkness, and shine forth fair as the

his wife hath made herself ready. moon, clear as the sun, and terrible as an army

"And to her was granted that she should be with banners;

arrayed in fine linen, clean and white: for the "And be adorned as a bride for that day when

fine linen is the righteousness of saints. thou shalt unveil the heavens, and cause the

"And he saith unto me, Write, Blessed are they mountains to flow down at thy presence, and the which are called unto the marriage supper of the valleys to be exalted, the rough places made

Lamb. And he saith unto me, These are the true smooth; that thy glory may fill the earth."

sayings of God."(Revelation 19:5-9.) The vision of John and the revelation to Joseph

This prophecy of the marriage of the Lamb is Smith both have reference to the same event, the a figure of speech, having reference to the second second coming of our Lord in his power and coming of our Savior and the feast, or supper, glory, to receive his Church or kingdom, the that the righteous shall receive at his coming. New Jerusalem being the capital city of the

When teaching the Jews, and more especially Church, and there is no difference in the meaning his disciples, the Savior spoke of the bridegroom whether reference is to the Church or the New when referring to himself. Such references are Jerusalem, for the righteous will have inheritance

found in Matthew 9:15; Mark 2:1920, and in in the New Jerusalem. Therefore the bride of

the story of the ten virgins in Matthew 25. the Lamb is the organization of the righteous who

In Revelation, Chapter 21, the comparison is have inheritance in the holy city.

made to a marriage of the Lamb with the city,

New Jerusalem:

"And I John saw the holy city, new Jerusalem, coming down from God out of heaven, prepared as a bride adorned for her husband.

304 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA '.."."*-.,Four Visits in Hopiland

I - by S. Dihvorth Young

*V.?>:'-"r'V*-* A ""''J?:'T-"?9!c***w-

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

CONCLUSION JJilwofH'lii*|

III numbers of talus slopes after one Here lived Mrs. Belle Kuyiyesva, a

descends fifty or sixty feet. These faithful member of the Church. We

slopes terraced enhave been her in her back yard out found on manyTheMesavillageis probablyof Hotevilaone ofatoptheThirdmost plots. levels into small her of garden in the threshing Each gaging annual

beautifully situated villages in garden plot is surrounded by a wall. harvest. She left her work and inAmerica. One approaches it from the Within this small area the Hopi ownvited us to come into her home. The

north by means of a winding road ers cultivate intensively corn, beans, room which we entered was fairly climbing among the cliffs. Twothirds squash, and melons. In addition, large and spotlessly clean. The walls

of the way to the top one passes the they have their farms off at a great had been plastered with clay, the old lookout which the Hopis"built to distance, to which they trot mornings, floor was also clay plastered, and watch for the invading Navajos and working all day, and returning through many years of constant reApaches. A tower sits atop a jutting evenings when the sun goes down. newal, was very thick and very hard.

abutment upon which the guard We had members of the Church Housecleaning in a Hopi home offered stood. Down the cliff a short disliving in this village, and so we went no great problems as to cost. When

tance and next to the road, there calling. The missionaries took us to the walls became dirty from smoke

stands an adobe house. The door the home of one aged member. She or other causes or the floor became

wall is in the center of the facing has an English name—Phoebe.south; are each side windows. on her not discover surname. We foundI did soiled,paste oftheclayownerand merelywater mixedand spreadup a

Over each window are the mystical her in bed in her home suffering from it on the walls and the floor with the decorations of the Hopi nation of arthritis which seemed to be getting fingers. The walls and floor of this

clouds, lightning, and rain, painted in worse as the years went on. She was home were spotless. In one corner

white, red, and blue. The clouds are alone except for two children who was the bed; in another corner was

blue; the lightning is red; and the sat at the edge of the bed and who, a pile of wood near a small iron

rain is white. I suppose, acted as her helpers and stove.

The village of Hotevila nestles on messengers. We sang a hymn and After visiting for a few moments, I

the top of the mesa on the edge of a prayed with her and encouraged her went outside to look around. Belle

great cliff formed like a horseshoe. as best we could. Her eyes lit up had, that afternoon, another woman

One can stand at the west end of with joy and pleasure at our visit, helping her, and this woman kept the village and look across to the and she expressed in broken English busily engaged all the time we were east end, but to get there he has to her gratitude for our coming. We visiting. She would lay a pile of

make a complete circle of the horsebacked out of the house and skirted bean vines on the ground, for this shoe. Each cliff falls abruptly. The the mesa around the horseshoe to the ground consisted of the hard flat top

west cliff is broken by considerable far side. {Continued on page 362)

iia#3siterMC

VV-.-Y.- - '

vyztt&W&vZHMr&glBJWjpm* MAY 1954 305 The young person contemplating himself also ask marriage should emotionally is prepared he When Shall I Marry? whether

for successful courtship and marriage.

Can the young woman adjust to by Dr. Antone K. Romney and Dr. Henry L. Isakseit separation from her home and parents

without too much homesickness and

COUNSELING SERVICE, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY emotional upset? Can she be unselfish and wholehearted about the

recent survey at Brigham Young turity in these different areas of life sacrifice that will be necessary in

University indicates that the enshould be taken into consideration.

success? Can the young I economic ask ourselves, quarter for the should rolment "Have autumn WeA planning and carrying out plans for from jealousy and smallman refrain to the point mentally developed 824 where1953 number, was 6618. Of this

are married; 5742 are single; and 11 I understand the implications of ness? Can he be gentle, unselfish, and

are widowed. These young people courtship and marriage?""Am I thoughtful? Can he forget himself

range in age from 16 to more than 25 mentally able to meet the problems and do all in his power to be a worthy and like the other young people in the and conflicts which are sure to arise husband and father? Can he refrain

Church arc associating with friends of in married life?""Am I mature from being oversensitive, selfcentered,

the opposite sex. It is only natural that enough to make mental adjustments or demanding? Can he do a lifeone of their chief problems is that of and lay plans for a responsible, consized man's job without feeling sorry

courtship and marriage. structive family life?"Certainly a for himself? Is his attitude toward

Each week many of these young person is not ready for marriage who work and earning a living healthy and people contact their counselors seekcannot make his own decisions and sane? In short, is he emotionally maing advice and information on the who cannot carry the responsibility ture enough to head a family? Can

problems of marriage. One of the for his own actions. If your prospeche control his anger, fears, anxieties?

problems faced by these young people tive companion has a responsibility, What of spiritual maturity as a is whether or not they should marry at is he able to carry it? Does he make factor? Young men and women who

an early age or whether they might wise choices? Does he complain if contemplate marriage should have

well finish their education, military the task is not to his liking? Mental enough faith in the gospel and enough

service, or missions before marrying. ability and maturity are necessary spirituality in their lives so that they

At the very beginning, it is wise to for happiness in marriage. have come to a unity and an underremember that each case has its own Consideration should also be given standing as to the fundamental docparticular answer. Upon the correct to the physical maturity of the young trines of the Church. The young man

answer, happiness in marriage deman or woman who is contemplating will have to be an active member of pends, as well as the success and marriage. Is he physically able to his priesthood quorum and in all

progress of the human race. What perform the work which is necessary other ways be worthy if he is to go

will be our answer to the problem, for earning a livelihood? Can he to the temple to participate in en-

"When shall I marry?"Most young hold a job? Has he demonstrated dowments and sealings. The young

people seek an answer to this questhat he can do a job successfully? woman will also be worthy of these

tion sooner or later. This answer Can he assume the responsibility of blessings. Together the young people

should be based on a careful study building and maintaining a home for should further resolve always to obof all the factors involved and should his family? Can the young woman serve the Word of Wisdom, the law

be made in the light of some guiding successfully take care of the household of tithing, and all of the laws of the principles which are basic to happy duties and responsibilities which derestored gospel. True happiness

and successful married life. Some of volve upon a mother? This factor comes to the Latterday Saint family

the most important of these factors of physical health and maturity is through living those principles which and guiding principles are considered of great importance in a married life. lead toward the celestial kingdom.

here. Young people, boys and girls in their Spiritual maturity is vital to happiAge and Maturity as Factors. The teens, often underrate this factor and ness in marriage. Sound, intelligent

laws of the several states legalize marare not physically prepared to meet adult religious convictions act as a riage at certain ages. It is wise, of the problems which arise out of physistabilizing influence in meeting life's

course, to follow these laws. cal immaturity. problems.

Studies show that teenagers who marry have more marriage difficulties than couples who are in their early twenties. However, chronological age

alone does not tell the whole story.

Each individual has many ages:

mental age, physical age, emotional age, and spiritual age. It is as important that we develop in mental,

physical, emotional, and spiritual maturity as it is that we develop in chronological age. As young people

approach marital problems, the ma306 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the young couple is unable to come to terms in relation to income and expenses.

Young people would do well to consider the examples of successful parents if they are to increase their own chances for happiness in marriage. Children who have a happy

childhood have a much better chance for a successful and happy marriage.

The democratic LDS home is the best place to learn how to adjust to such problems as how to obtain and spend the family income, etc.

Couples who have had similar educational opportunities have greater chances for a happy marriage than do couples of differing educational backgrounds. Perhaps we should

give greater encouragement to our young people to continue their education as far as practicable. Certainly all young people should be encouraged to study, read, and be

progressive in their thinking and in their attack on life's problems.

The Church can assist youth to prepare for marriage. Young people not only should have the example

of a worthy home but should also turn to other institutions which will—Photo by Harold M. Lambert assist them in their preparation for

marriage. The Church, the school,

and the community may lend asMaturity in the various areas of Happiness in marriage is sometimes sistance. Young Latterday Saints

life is not only desirable but also hindered by lack of ability on the receive from the Church special help essential as preparation for successful part of young people to adjust to inin acquiring the proper philosophical and happy marriage. We should be laws, but through cooperation with and religious backgrounds for marvery frank in giving full consideration other members of the family and riage. The main body of the teachto these questions of maturity when with relatives and friends, children ings of the Church pertain to the

considering marriage; if either party learn the spirit of tolerance and of eternity of the marriage covenant.

is too young or too immature, it good fellowship which will carry One must belong to a successful fammight be wise to postpone marriage over into inlaw relationships after ily in order to gain exaltation in the for a time until both parties are premarriage. Young people who assocelestial kingdom. This sacred conpared to accept, the responsibilities of ciate in family social and recreational cept will lessen the tendency to rush

marriage. activities are preparing to give and into marriage. Greater emphasis is

Areas of Adjustment. Wise young take in like activities in their future placed upon the marriage union. In

people will know that there are cermarriage and family life. addition to this religious background

tain phases of life which call for Recently a young woman apand training, the Church has proadjustment in order to win harmony proached a counselor, seeking help vided many opportunities for youth and happiness in their marriages. in relation to a marriage difficulty. to meet and mingle with the oppoTeen-agers should be aware of these The young studenthusband had site sex in desirable social situations.

matters so that when marriage apbeen very harsh and showed conThe Church furnishes wholesome proaches, they may find themselves siderable misunderstanding of his recreational activities for youth able to contribute to successful famwife's feelings in relation to money. through the priesthood quorums, the

ily living. This misunderstanding had grown Mutual Improvement Associations,

Young couples are happier if they and taken on such emotional connoand other auxiliaries. This wide ashave mutual friends and acquainttations that separation was a consociation provides greater opportuniances. If the boy has acquired the sidered solution. The young woman ties for the wise selection of a mate.

same type of friends as the girl, they was able, however, to obtain some Young Latterday Saints have better will continue to enjoy these same help in a frank discussion on this chances for marriage happiness if they people. The young man and woman matter, and finally the husband came select friends, sweethearts, and mates

will be wise if they make sure also to see that money matters must be from among those who are active in that they are interested in the same faced squarely by both the parties Church organizations and activities.

types of social and recreational activito the marriage if happiness is to The Church is very much interested ties. result. Some marriages fail because {Continued on page 354)

MAY 1954 307 then so that or Egyptian brew we canNew Approaches to not attempt to reconstruct it in Heanalyze what and translate we have written!

Yet, lest anyone charge the Book of Mormon with claiming to be beBOOK OF MORMON yond criticism, it supplies us with a goodly number of untranslated words Study that still await the attention of the philologist. There are the proper

by Dr. Hugh Nibley names, divided, as we have already professor, history and religion, brigham young university

noted, almost equally between EgypPart 7 tian and Hebrew, which is what we t present the problem of the lated correctly?"A revealed text in would expect in view of Nephi's and

Mormon's remarks about both lan- l\ original language of the Book of English is infinitely to be preferred -** Mormon is one which seems to be to an original in a language that no guages being used and corrupted by stirring considerable interest in some one on earth could claim as his own. the Nephites. In regard to Hebrew

quarters. It would be a very difficult, It frees the members and leaders of names, D. W. Thomas in 1950 conand perhaps a useless task to separate the Church as it frees the investigatfirmed our own observation in Lehi

possible Egyptian elements in the Book ing world from the necessity of bein the Desert (p. 33), that "the strong

of Mormon from the Hebrew elements. coming philologists or, worse still, of tendency (of Book of Mormon names)

For one thing, Egyptian influence is having to rely on the judgment of to end in -iah is very striking, since now known to have been far stronger philologists, as a prerequisite to unthe vast majority of Hebrew names in Hebrew itself than we hitherto derstanding this great book. At the found at Lachish end in the same

supposed, 79 so that when we think same time it puts upon the modern way, indicating that -iah names were we are dealing with a Hebraism, it world an obligation to study and very fashionable in Lehi's time."

might well be an Egyptianism as learn from which that world could Thomas notes that a "striking"pewell, and who is to say whether the easily plead immunity were the book culiarity of Hebrew names in the age is of "the Jeremiah personal many text flavor of is not theEgyptian or couched in language ancient an in -iah."which names end 80 Theactually stronger the pretentious idiom than Hebrew? in labored the and

Such speculations are a waste of time that learned men adopt when they same authority observes that the however, in view of Mormon's try to decipher ancient texts. Lachish fragments prove the language

declaration that his people have alTo the question, "What was the of Zedekiah's time to have been classitered the conventional ways of writoriginal language of the Book of Morcal Hebrew of a type which "aligns... theing both Egyptian and Hebrew to mon?"The real answer is: it is Engitself more especially with

conform to their own peculiar manlish! For the English of the Book of Book of Jeremiah,"thereby vindiner of speech, i.e. both the writing Mormon comes by revelation, and no cating the longquestioned accuracy

and the language had been changed, one can go beyond revelation in the and antiquity of the Biblical records so that the prophet can state that search for ultimate sources. Let us, that purportedly come down to us

none other people knoweth our lanthen, rejoice in the text we have and from the time of Lehi. 81

guage. (See Mormon 9:3234.)

Nephite was simply Nephite, as English is English, whatever its original components may have been.

Why all this concern, then, about the language or languages of the

Book of Mormon? If we had the

original text, which we do not, and if we could read it, which we cannot, any translation we might make of it would still be inferior to that which we have given, as we claim it was, by the gift and power of God. If

we had the original text, scholars would be everlastingly squabbling about it and getting out endless new and revised translations, as in the case of the Bible. In fact, if our

English text of the Book of Mormon came to us in any other way than by revelation it would be almost—Photograph by John C. Trever. Courtesy, "The Biblical Archaeologist."

worthless! For members and investiThe Isaiah Scroll, one of the priceless documents found by the Bedouin of Palestine,

gators could ask of every verse: foris beingthe Internationalexamined by CouncilDr. lohnofC. ReligiousTrever, directorEducation.of theTheseDepartmentScrolls ofarethein EnglishpossessionBibleof

"But how do we know it is transAthanasium Yeshue Samuel (right), of the Syrian Metropolitan.

308 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA r: marks in a few very old and holy

words in the Old Testament.

t1 HrfpW "Hi 4B*7tnf> i**s *H*1*-t ***** N On no point have we been more 7f0* * &! often assailed since the appearance

articles our liberal than of the "Lehi"%*&$%&*$'l t-nt v&paI Ttjew rtt describe Lehi of the word!%1 x*i* **>A***f iMinw *#* use Jew to

*iH*yi and his contemporaries. A Jew is

a member of the tribe of Judah, it t is true, but that is not the whole i 1 story. The name is applied by experts today to any citizen of the an-

**n cient Jewish state or of Jerusalem,

M 4 1| f<>;*$#** i*ii* Tintrymimt tHW **y> *"%K **?**>* **m no matter what his tribe; to any

matter what no of Judaea, inhabitants.*'*; 1 I &\ "H**TJ f*A5?1 #*J11 HJK. *|3*/ 'Hi'H H*>11*&%*% mMi HSS4 fiw to citizenship; or tribe, religion, his

anyone accepting the Jewish religion, tis H 1*1 no matter what his family back- 4'J*n hk *M*ti* iMyy* *****n#iP $ *$uii&.jm ground; to anyone descended from a

family that had once practised that

UP religion, no matter what his present j- Ayre*** j <m< yp teemtyfws *W fWiiAyfl religion. The subject has recently

received full treatment at the hands of Professor Solomon Zeitlin, whose conclusions may be helpful. The

jr. ft term Hebrew, according to Zeitlin, is

#f%MjM*| * never applied to the Israelites either

V in the Law or the Prophets. 84:'m4 I I * t 'I I < t

fpln..'- yii3 Tun***! srt3 nAHVvstl y.liii-f- kx:--a calledAfter Judaeans,the exile onlythe rarelypeople Israel,were

f and "later the name Israel disappears,

H&fi and that of Jews takes its place entirely."In the time of Josephus, all in-

f*WK &&4*i$*:r -: - K 5 S.llfil *H|23*> f l*B5 iKf 9*1 0K1< RWm yHM #*% *H iKV habitantsnot, were ofcalledJudaea,Judeans,whetherand Jewsin theor

#*hi,: - "I Second Commonwealth all proselytes

sffiH&s ''""1 I were also called Judaeans (Jews). s5

itself country was that time the At:|

Mrlft ''f Sti>vH>>HS5l *HJ*t*f *K*sJiii >-M \isHS1 HfW *$i *H3 toas it is haeretz, called "the Land,"never called the people were v* iH*rtjftw. 1? k\j h4 wiy day, and |>>H tiH hh? h$< **-)y-i 4: Israelites. or "The either Hebrews

term Jews was applied in Egypt to the

J-, folthere inhabitants and who settled "Bulletin the American of—Courtesy

inthe as religion the same Schools of Oriental Research."lowed Isaiah Scroll. the from of a page A reproduction

habitants of Judaea,"regardless of ancestry or country of origin. 80

in of in used words peculiarity a preHebrew Book few wellknown A says in Judaea,"Paul was "When isof large that spells: a very Teraphim, names incantations Mormon and himself a called Judaean "he 83 Zeitlin, -n. or of inpercentage end them -m A Urim, and Sanwerim, Thummim.

... in the Diaspora while was he when that will at namelistglance a show is It Saints to significant Latterday Israeli, or a called himself Hebrew he

is favored overwhelminglymimmation as not, are last that words the two of the Diaspora people as the (Jews) for nunnation while Jaredite names, supposed, 87 Hebrew been always has called Christians the did."Since

is for Lamanite rule the Nephite and archaic words are but forms, plural Israelites bethe from themselves year,ones. Jirku past the Within that singular. This means in the to in order combat the ginning, Jews

is it that declared knownhas now to deterattempts conventional the of the readopted claims name their stillfor certain that was mimmation of nature mine the Urim and employed have Israel, they which dialects in Semiticcurrent the 88 classical time. to from are freely the present Hebrew of Thummim SyriaPalestine between and 2100 and

1800 B.C., when the nominative (the worthless and, as Jirku points out, Throughout history, the determinsubjective) case singular still ended in that Urim and Thummim stands for ing factor of what makes one a Jew

-m. 82 From Egyptian and Hittite rectwo single implements or objects, has always been some association with

ords it is now clear that the dialects and not for a multiplicity of things. the geographical area of Judaea, and

of Palestine and Syria dropped this To judge by proper names in the since "... Lehi... dwelt at Jerusalem

mimmation in the first half of the secBook of Mormon, the language of the in all his days"(1 Ne. 1:4), the best

ond millennium B. C. This old -m Jaredites was related to a preHebrew possible designation for him is Jew,

ending is preserved in the Bible only mimmated language that has left its (Continued on page 326)

MAY 1954 309 m

In the Steps of ABRAHAM by Stanley IRiimball

The water wheels oF Haraa, Syria.

The giant wheels are. more than 50

Feet in diameter and provide the city's main source oF water. They are powered

by the Orontes River.

Part 5—Photographs by the author.

Whatfrom routeHaran didto AbrahamCanaan? takeWe lologywith reasonableand archaeologyaccuracyhavethe locatedaboveconstantings werein ancientimportanttimesand(Carchemishgenerally

do not know exactly. Genesis mentioned places. This was the route was one); the chief steward of Abratells us he journeyed by way of I was about to follow. ham, Eliezer, came from Damascus.

Sichem, Moreh, Bethel, and Hai. The Shechem (Nablus) is a good four Perhaps Abraham picked up Eliezer

book of Abraham takes us by way of hundred miles, as the crow flies, from while in Damascus. This city was

Jershon, through Shechem, 43 Moreh, Haran. We have a good idea where certainly on the way to Canaan.

Bethel, and Hai. Not counting the Shechem was, and we can surmise a The world into which Abraham

unidentifiable Jershon, the two aclittle as to what route Abraham took moved after leaving Haran brought counts agree, and comparative phito get there; for example, river crossfar different experiences than he had

when he left Ur. Both Ur and

Haran, even though six hundred miles separated, were part of the same NeoSumerian culture. Leaving Haran,

Abraham soon stepped out into lands controlled by the Egyptians, Canaanites, Phoenicians, and the Hittites.

Aleppo with its more than 250,000 inhabitants is the second most important city in all Syria and one of the ancient cities of the world. It

dates from the Hittite empire in the second millenium B.C. Its name is

of interesting origin. It was known

as Khalab to the Hittites and Halep to the Arabs. Halep means white

cow, and herein lies a legend: Nehi

the coast Sea, the Mediterranean northern banana and showing of Lebanon The

Ibrahim (Abraham) sojourned for a here. near poet Khalil groves, the mountains. Gibran was bornorange The and

310 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA water from the river to an overhead aqueduct, and fill the town with a strange singsong that is quite musical.

About thirty more miles south we came to Horns, a town about the same size of Hama. From here one can

easily visit fabulous Palmyra, majestic Baalbek, and adventurous Tripoli.

Palmyra, the city of Queen Zenobia who was led captive in chains of

Famous Lion's gold to Rome by Aurelian (c. 270

Head and columns A.D.), has always fascinated me from

at Baalbek, Lebaan historical point of view and becolumns, non. These

of the part Temple cause of the importance of its nameof Jupiter, stand 60 sake44 in Church history. Palmyra

feet were high. They was known as "Tadmor in the wilderof considered some

days.'13 the of the ness"in biblical wonders

: ajc * $ sH world. ancient

History and tradition are rife with allusions connecting Abraham with

Damascus. In fact, the first of sixtytwo biblical mentions of Damascus is

regarding Abraham. (Gen. 14:15.)

Josephus informs us that Damascus was founded by Uz, the greatgrand- son of Noah, and that there is even a village in the vicinity of Damascus called "The Habitation of Abraham."

This village is also mentioned by W.

M. Thompson in 1886.,,!

"There is no reason to believe that

Abraham ever reigned over Damascus, but as this city lay in the line of his migration from Ur of the Chaldees into the land of Canaan, it is quite possible that he may have tarried a time in the neighborhood. His stewwhile in the vicinity of Aleppo. He It was a pleasant trip of about ard,'who he at one time thought

had a white cow, and every night he seventyfive miles over slightly rolling would be his heir, was Eliezer of would milk her at the city gate and plains that Abraham, himself, may Damascus, one born in his house, give the milk to the poor. Thus the have traveled. The majestic mounimplying that his parents were memcity got its name. tains of Lebanon loomed in the disbers of Abraham's house at the time

The next morning I hired a car and tance. of his sojourn in this region."47

headed south for Hama, Hamath of The one "must"in Hama is a I hastily threw my gear into my the Bible. Hamath was the northern visit to the water wheels. These giant "home away from home,"the Restlimit of the promised land. (Num. wheels, turned by the flowing Orontes, haven on the Baghdad road, and

34:8.) are nearly fifty feet in diameter, lift (Continued on page 334)

The author stretching his arms to indicate the width of the The main street in Beirut from St. George Hotel, Beirut is the

columns of the Temple of Jupiter at Baalbek, Lebanon. chief seaport of Lebanon.

MAY 1954 311 mansion. I have looked forward to Martha locked her fingers tightly

this day, Bishop. Now that my hustogether and glanced around the livband has retired, we are enjoying it ing room. She admired its high barso much together."Her round face rel ceiling and its three big cheerful

beamed. windows; the overstuffed furniture,

"How would you both like to go on not elaborate, but neat and clean and a mission—I mean a twoyear missubstantial; then the dining room with

sion?"The bishop turned to Sam. its antique table, chairs, and buffet,

Martha caught her breath and that were a joy to them when entergulped hard. Her thoughts ran fast. taining friends and family.

How could she ever leave her home, She could see the children's happy her children? Oh, no! Not now, faces and hear their cheerful voices,

after waiting so long for these things! as they all surrounded the ThanksMartha glanced at her husband. giving table that extended out from

His face was flushed. He cleared his the dining room into the living room.

throat. She loved and appreciated the prepa-

"Well,"he hesitated. Martha wonrations for their homecoming.

dered if he were going to refuse. As the panorama passed, she

She felt as if she were going to faint. admired the precious gifts from the

shelves, the the children: whatnot

to have our fix up "Well—we'll tablecloth, the gorgeous beautiful lace

let talk it business. over We'll and

you know, Bishop."Martha gave a crystal set, and the electric ship clock

sigh of relief. sent her from New York by her son

"What do you think about it, SiswhileShe wonderedin the serviceif a manofeverhis feltcountry.sentiter Gentry?"His question demanded mental about his possessions?

by Lily N. Hortnagl an answer.

"Well—I think it would be a—a fiveSheo'clock,glancedtimeat tothestartclock.dinner.It wasShe

grand privilege,"Martha hesitated, straightened her slightly bent form into She the kitchen. was and wentOneGentryearly springsat in afternoonher big Marthachair, shefor shereallywas wantednot quitethatsure privilege;,whether that misty smile tender, smiling a

humming a tune while stitching "Don't you think we are rather old wasn't far from tears.

on her embroidery. As she laid her to go on a mission?"How different were her emotions,

work down, the floss clung to her "No, no! You both are full of faith her feelings. Had something come

finger. Releasing it, she consciously and rich in experience. You have to rob her of her contentment? As

brushed her hand over the persistent been faithful in all your callings in she looked about the kitchen, her wrinkles she knew rightfully bethe Church. Such fine people as you, thoughts burned. She loved its clean

longed there, although she did not are the ones we want to preach the white walls and cupboards, tile feel her sixtythree years. She pushed gospel to the world."drainboards, and shining linoleum.

her graystreaked locks from her high "We'll consider it, Bishop."Sam's When Martha finished fluting her

forehead and smiled as her brown voice was calm now.

eyes glanced about the parlor. When the Bishop had gone, Martha

"At last it is here! My life's dreams!"looked at her husband speculatively.

dream, "What Martha?"Sam look- "We'll have to sell our home if we his book.ed up from

"You know, Sam, I've always go on a mission."He looked into her

wanted a lovely home like this and troubled eyes.

time to keep it in perfect order. Now "Yes, I suppose we will."She

that all seven of our children are caught her breath. Her body tremmarried, I'm going to take life easy bled. He must never know her inand do fancywork for my mansion,"ward struggles. She realized that

Martha fondly touched her embroithis was an opportunity to do much dery. good and increase their knowledge of

A knock came at the door. Martha the gospel of Jesus Christ, but could

opened it to greet her bishop. she ever have faith enough to accept

"Bishop, come in. How are you?"the call?

Martha greeted him warmly, looking Martha paused before the large inquiringly in his keen, brown eyes. front window with its drapes and

"Have a chair, pishop,"Samuel Venetian blinds, where the sun

Gentry said after a hearty handshake. streamed in through the curtains and

Martha felt her cheeks burn. Why formed a lacy pattern on the clean

had he called? Was it for something rugs.

important? Her husband glanced up from his

"Your home is certainly beautiful,"book, stirred in his chair, and then the bishop smiled. resumed his reading. Was it a chal-

"Yes, I call it my dream home—my lenge to him, too?

312 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA pie, she opened the hot oven and A few days later Martha was ironslipped it in. Her white enamel ing and Sam sat reading when the

stove, clean and shining, was her mailman dropped two letters in the pride and joy. She recalled the days mailbox. Martha rushed and picked

when she used the wood stove. What them up.

a vast difference now! No need of "It's our call! I wonder where we

black polish to keep it shining. Then are going?"she gasped. Her hand

she never dreamed of such luxury as trembled as she broke the seal and this. pulled out the contents. Opening it,

Martha opened the refrigerator and she scanned the headlines. Then sudreached in for her vegetables. A denly she cried out, almost frantically,

sharp tingling sensation ran through "Oh, Sam, it's foreign, the Swissher whole body. She remembered Austrian Mission."For a moment

how thrilled she had been when Sam she covered her face with her hands brought it home. It was her first and leaned on the ironing board. Her

real luxury.. She recalled the time form trembled, and tears gathered.

when perishable food was wrapped How could she go across the ocean in a wet cloth, placed in a bucket, among a strange people to preach the and tied to the end of a rope that gospel when she had never heard hung in the well. their language? If they could only

Martha set the table in the kitchenhave stayed in America. She bowed

ette. She loved its gay wallpaper of her head and whispered under her breath, "Oh, Father! Give me thepink rose its and white pattern and

will. 'I will go to do thy courage

three cheerful windows. she Here Lord, go, dear to want you where me

! their ate meals, studied,and Sam or

sea.'or plain, mountain, over

listened to radio. the Sometimes he was Martha weeks next few Thewould read aloud while she emto There were worry. too busy

broidered. reverentMartha paused have to last to clothes would buy that

ly. She knelt in and prayer Sam for preparations years, and the twoevery night before their morning and

doctor gave journey. long The the

meals. forget She would never the various from shots for immunity themstrength she received from this sacred

diseases. practice. There was a lot of red tape in getMartha put the steaming food on foreign a to enter their passports ironing ting later Martha was few days A called,and "Come, ready."Sam, it's if all this wondered land. Martha sat reading mailman and when the Sam

When Sam prayed, it was with dropped two letters in the mailbox.... would help them get a passport to

more gratitude for their home. Yes, going?""It's ourshecall!gasped.I wonder where we are enter the kingdom of heaven.

Sam is clinging to the home as well. "We will rent the house and store

"My, Martha! This pie is the best our things and sell the car,"Sam

you've ever made,"he looked at her. She had been satisfied as it was, said one day.

Was he, too, thinking of his own but now her feelings had changed. "It doesn't matter now that we are

comfort? After dinner he helped her She knew it was the gospel and not working for a mansion in our Father's

wash the dishes and put them away. worldly things that had made her kingdom,"Martha said with decision.

parties, farewell Martha the With she must happy. contented and Now lay She after hours awake many

of events. whirl in a were business. and Sam Father's her be aboutretiring that night—thinking. Was givfree in been always had the Martha in from Later when Sam came like old,she of fussy Martha about

it till receiving ing, she was now are asked, you garden, he "Whather sitting at home, while Mary was the Savior's feet. Martha recalled reading, Martha?"hurt.

Jesus'answer: "Martha, Martha, thou "A certain ruler asked the Master, "Mother, we are going with you on

art careful and troubled about many 'What shall I do to inherit eternal this mission,"her daughter said as things: But one thing is needful: life?''Keep all my commandments.'she shared her choicest hand cream

and Mary hath chosen that good part, The ruler said he had done that. and cosmetics with her. She had

expensive products. never such used 'Sell replied: hast all thou Jesus shall And taken not fromwhich away

'at train the her It was Martha had... me.'followher."and come afford can't to No no—Ibe trial. greatest "All she heard, When part,lose that tossshe thought, good at husband. her looked up Martha of their twentyfive abroad,"and

ing her arms above her head, trying "Sam what are we going to do? Tochildren and grandchildren clamored

to disturb hernot husband. She Shall our decision. day make we must kiss, last to get the hot and hug

if stirnoticed and him wondered follow him?"he we tears eyes. eldest stung her son Her

to trying a decision.too were make towill notify the bishop "Yes, we his lovingly her put arms about

As the days passed by, a feeling of night that we will accept the call."shoulders, "Mother, dear, keep up

apprehension tugged at Martha's The following Sunday at stake conyour weight."In spite of it all, she

heart. Would Sam refuse the misference Sam and Martha were to have chuckled.

sion call? Would they lose the great their interview by one of the General "God be with you 'till we meet

privilege? Authorities. It was a thrill. (Continued on page 343)

MAY 1954 313—Murbarger photo

Last of the original buildings still standing in the "ghost town"of Iosepa, Utah. Many stone foundations and caving basements

are still to be seen there.

Thefortsbrillianceof the Latterdayof the colonizationSaints underefwhonear wishedtheir fellowto comeSaintsto andUtahworkto bein SaltRockwellLake inhad1847.establishedAlthougha Porterranch

the leadership of Brigham Young the temple. Far from the sparkling there in 185051, the first permanent

and the care with which historians surf of Waikiki, this colony was lowhite settlers in the area went there have documented these early phases cated at Skull Valley, Tooele County, under the direction of Elder William of Church history may have led to an on the edge of the Great Salt Lake Lee in 1869 to live and work with the unconscious neglect of the history of desert, some seventyfive miles southIndians. Elder Lee and his associates

the LDS colonies established after west of Salt Lake City. In this desert established Indian ranches at Skull

the death of President Young in 1877. wilderness more than a hundred Valley and Deep Creek and eventualSome of these later colonies were of Hawaiian Saints lived for twentyly succeeded in converting more than

considerable contemporary interest eight years before the colony was a thousand Indians in Tooele County.

and importance. The colonies estabfinally abandoned in 1917. In the 1880's, however, most of the

lished after 1877 include many comSkull Valley was inhabited by the Indians were moved, under the munities in Arizona, New Mexico, Gosiute Indians at the time the Pioauspices of the federal government,

Nevada, Utah, Colorado, Wyoming, neers entered the valley of the Great to reservations in Juab and Uintah

Idaho, Mexico, and Canada. With

the establishing of some of these colonies, the boundaries of Zion were enlarged, and Church membership and policy were given even more of an international atmosphere. Many

settlements were made by groups sent out by Presidents John Taylor, Wilford Woodruff, and Lorenzo Snow, and were founded with the same inAT SKULL VALLEY telligent planning and missionary spirit that characterized the earlier settlements colonized under the by Leonard J. Arrington

leadership of President Young. ASSISTANT PROFESSOR

One of the interesting later colonies UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE was that established in 1889 for the benefit of Hawaiian Church members 314 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA possible a loan which would take care John T. Caine, Albert W. Davis, and

of the down payment on the ranch. Henry P. Richards, subscribed for

This loan was made in July 1889 and stock, which was held by them in an additional loan, also guaranteed trust for the Church. The leader of

by the Church, was made the followthe prospective Hawaiian colonists, ing month. Later, seven notes signed I. W. Kauleinamoku, also subscribed

by the committee and the First Presifor some stock. These incorporators

dency were given to Brother Rich, then joined with the First Presidency promising to pay the purchase price in a meeting in August 1889, at of the real estate in seven yearly inwhich it was decided that H. H. Cluff

stalments. would be president, manager, and

The ranch thus secured, the comsuperintendent of the colonizing committee took steps to organize a joint pany and F. A. Mitchell, secretary.

stock company to operate it. The Elders Cluff and Mitchell were later

group incorporated as the "Iosepa set apart for these responsibilities by

Agriculture and Stock Company."the First Presidency. (The First Presicounties. After this some of the land Iosepa is the Hawaiian name for dency also set apart Elihu Barrell to

homesteadedwas storeserve as the schoolteacher and or purchased by Joseph. was (The colony named after

Saints. 1Latterday F. keeper, to superSmith.) the Prophet and The Joseph W. Marchant

In order to provide a gathering American incorporators, W. W. vise the care of the livestock.)

place for Hawaiian Saints who wished Cluff, F. A. Mitchell, H. H. Cluff, (Continued on page 365)

to come to Zion, the First Presidency of the Church, in May 1889, appointed a "Hawaiian Colonization Committee"to arrange for the purchase of a Grave marker of a suitable site and to supervise the imHawaiianIosepa cemetery.Colonist in

migration of Hawaiian members. This

committee, which consisted of William W. Cluff, Frederick A. Mitchell,

and Harvey H. Cluff—all of whom

had been missionaries to Hawaii arranged for the purchase of a ranch in Skull Valley belonging to John T.

Rich. Lost in the desert

Upon the request of the Hawaiian brush and cheat grass reold a dozencolonization committee, the Church are of "city"water minders agreed to endorse their note to make system.

or the early history of Skull Valley, see The

Historical Records Survey, Works Progress Administration, "Inventory of the County Archives of Utah:

Tooele County,"mimeographed, 1939, p. 18, et

passim; and Milton R. Hunter, Brigham Young The

Colonizer (Independence, Missouri: Zion's Printing &

Publishing Company, 1945), pp. 298300.

—Murbarger photos

A view of the cemetery at Iosepa, Utah, where so many of the Hawaiian Saints were buried,

MAY 1954 315

Table I Comparison of Some Systems

AmountPurchaseof 1-2-4-8">"ssem. Number ol Coin*V2-4-rsyttniReaulred |-2-5-10"yfam.. - --j,

1 1 I I

2 2 3 2

I 2 1The Nephite Monetary System 4z 1 I I

S 2 2 I 6 2 2 2 by Richard Pearson Smith 78 31 2I 23

DEPARTMENT OP CHEMISTRY, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH to9 22 32 3I

It 3 2 2 12 2 3 2 13 3 3 3 14 3 2 3 15 4 3 z

AnBookinterestingof Mormonindicationwas notthatwrittenthe thethencircumstancesoutlines the system,of the people,"summarizedand out.1, whereThisthepointNephiteis illustratedsystem inis Tablecomwith mere human knowledge durhere in Figure 1. The numbers on pared with two other possible systems.

ing the nineteenth century is to be the coins represent their values in If the major coins had denominations found in an examination of the moneterms of the senine of gold or its 1, 2, 4, and 8, then three coins (1, 2, tary system devised by the Nephites. equivalent, the senum of silver, and 4) would be required for a purThis study is particularly interesting which, we are told in verse 3, was chase costing 7 of the basic units,

in that no acquaintance with scholarthe daily pay for a judge. It is inwhile only one (the 7) would be rely works is necessary, nor do obscure teresting to compare and contrast quired in the "1-2-4-7"system; hence

references need to be quoted. Our this system with the current United the "1-2-4-7"system is more efficonsiderations rest upon information States system. (Figure 2.) cient here by two coins, as the long

to be found in the Book of Mormon, The Nephite system was a peculiararrow in the table indicates. Shorter

with only supplementary material ly efficient one. The selection of arrows indicate differences of one

which is wellknown and undisputed. 1, 2, 4, and 7 for the values of the coin in efficiencies. Here the "1-2-4-

The monetary system used by the larger coins seems particularly wise 7"system is further compared with

Nephites in about 82 B. C. is deand is what intelligent people who the "1-2-5-10"system, and any other

scribed in Alma 11. Alma mentions were willing to have "... altered their system could be compared in a simithat the system in use at that time reckoning and their measure... in lar manner. In every case it turns

was the result of a long series of every generation..."(Alma 11:4) out that the "1-2-4-7"system has an

changes, "according to the minds and might be expected to have worked edge over the other systems from the standpoint of number of coins re-—* WM >m immi3ii mj> <mi *>UliW*WiOu>l IK ''*'"!! 'w.w> quiredthe "1-2-4-8"for a purchase.and "1-2-4-7"Comparingsystems,

for example, we see that for some purchases the one system would be better, for others the other, but that over all, when we consider that smaller purchases will occur more frequently than larger ones, the "1-2-4- 7"system has great overall efficiency.

The more systematic 1, 2, 4, 8

SENINE OF GOLD SE0N OF GOLD SHUM OF GOLD LIMNAH OF GOLD series is almost as good as the 1, 2, 4, = SENUM OF SLVER ("twice the...*enine") ("twice the...seen") ("the value of them oil"7 series. A further reason for using

= AMNOR OF SLVER 'EZROM OF SILVER I +2 + 4 7 ) 7 rather than 8, however, may have

ONTI OF SILVER been that less gold or silver would be tied up in the smaller 7 coin, and this coin represented a fairly large 'THE LESSER NUMBERS OF THEIR RECKONING"; sum of money—several days'pay for

/ I t/2 a judge.

The three subdivisions of the unit

LEAH SHIBLUM SHIBLON ANTION OF GOLD "half of a shiblum""half of o shiblon""hoi f of a senum""equal to three shibkm"V2>!/4> and Vs—make it possible to

build up any number of eighths of

Figure l The Nephite Monetary System the unit with not more than three coins, and these subdivisions make a natural extension of the 1-2-4-7 316 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ft i BILL 82 BILL 8 5 BILL ft 10 BILL

CENT DIME NICKEL QUARTER HALFDOLLAR

Figure 2- Current U.S. Monetary System

system. The \y2 coin, also, is useNephite culture in view of the backsystem—1, 10, 100, etc. Remnants

ful for purchases between 1 and 2, ground of Lehi and his people, was of both decimal and binary systems which would be common; corbased largely on the binary system. 2 are found in our system (Figure 2),

responding coins are found in many This system makes its appearance to as well as in many others, ancient monetary systems. some extent in many ancient systems and modern, though the "1-2-4-7"

The "1-2-4-7"system appears on—for example, Alexander the Great modification does not seem to have

a common type of punched card. established, in Macedon, a series of been recorded elsewhere in history.

of coins gold, is values 2, having (Figure index card, 3.) This an l l/2 conclusion, system the In Nephite 3 starters. files, systems, Otherfor and card holes being!/8 punched Y4 in described the is an book of Alma

later, decimal mostly the are based on for classification. thearound edge The

intelliingenious system an which are classifiedcards out by punching Sciences Neugebauer, in Exact 20. The of people, gent a willingwith groupappropriate holes sorted are (Princeton, and Princeton on Antiquity Uni- N. J.:

the basis of what holes are punched versity Press, 1952), pp. 72 ft. ness to change their system as imout. The holes are marked off in in "A.EarlyR. Burns,Times (London:Money andKeganMonetaryPaul, Policy1927), provements suggested themselves,

groups of four, and within each group p. 264. could be expected to develop.

are numbered 1, 2, 4, 7. "By punching various combinations of the four

holes marked, respectively, 7, 4, 2, and 1, one may code any number from zero (no punching) up to and in- (all fourteencluding holes punched) O O.3 o o o a O O1 7 2 4 of is a modification code.... This

the 1, 2, 4, 8, 16... series; 7 is used 8 I 7 | 6 IT! 3 | a") I

instead of 8, so that with four positions any digit may be indicated by punching out not more than two holes."1 Thus the numbers 1, 2, 4,

and 7 are used here for the same basic reason of efficiency that would be expected to apply to a well -designed monetary system.

The Nephite system, being a slight modification of a binary system, where each coin would have twice the value of the next smaller one, is further interesting on historical grounds. Egyptian mathematics,

which may have carried over into the Figure 3—The "1-2-4-7"System Appears on a Common

JR. S. Casey and J. W. Perry, Punched Type of Punched Card

Cards (New York: Reinhold, 1951), pp. 1718.

MAY 1954 317 3>j

ANDCARTS WESTWARD

by Helen Kimball Orgill Part 3

Serena Ware's eyes were wells of SYNOPSIS peace. Daughter Nancy, after a

winter of indecision had come to arrivedPamelain IowaBrownleeCity in and1855,heron theiryoungwaybrother,to Zion.Allan,HereEnglishthey meetemigrants,the Saundershave

an agreement with Delbert Allen, for family and their friends the Weilers, longtime members of the Church. Pamela

when they were not dancing they is particularly attracted to David Weiler. Iowa City, at that time is the outfitting

were sitting together. Daphne had postnewfoundfor thefriendsSaintsarein longingtheir trekto bewest,an actualand Pamelapart of thatand movementAllan and westward.all their

been baptized and was now married David and his family join an early company, and Pamela and Allan decide to immigrating. joined for the their parents and are Church who have now to Elliot. The Wares were among wait

the sent has formation President In the Brigham word advising Young meantime, the few native Iowans who had acof handcart companies. Preparations for the construction of handcarts are going

cepted the gospel. They lived on the forward.

prosperous farm which had been left the widowed Serena. People knew

that once cash was obtained for the arm and said, "Meet our friend, Elder could not be done quickly enough.

farm, it would be divided among less James Willie, who has just returned As a result the handcarts were not fortunate Saints. from a mission to Bristol, and may I properly seasoned.

But important events were happensay that he gave us some of the best It was announced in the next sacing. A train on the railroad which sermons on board ship."rament service that Elder James

had been completed into Iowa City "I especially liked his talks,"added Grey Willie would captain the next the previous New Year's Day was due Mother Brownlee. "They were pointed company to move. The speaker continued, "There is no more important

position than captaining these companies, and Elder Willie will fill the bill, I know. He has just returned

from a fouryear mission to Great

Britain and we know him to be a man of marked character and intellect. His ancestors belonged to the

yeoman gentry of the English nation, and they have the stamina which makes that country famous. He has

a dear wife and three little children awaiting his arrival home in the valley, and you may rest assured that he will get you there with as much dispatch as possible."

Elder Willie rose to acknowledge the remarks and spoke of a subject dear to his heart, "I joined the Church during the lifetime of the Prophet

Joseph Smith. I knew him personany moment with passengers from the and vigorous, and well—they just hit ally, and for him I have a deep

clipper Thornton. As the whistle the nail on the head."veneration."

sounded, Pamela declared that she There were not enough houses to July 15 came at last, when the could not keep her heart out of her take care of the new arrivals, so on James G. Willie company began its

mouth. the outskirts of town, many tents historic march. The day before had

The reunion was one of the hapwere pitched. The advancing season been a busy one since all of the lining

piest imaginable. While the joyful was of deepest concern. Plenty of up and checking of each vehicle had

parents were introducing their chilwood was being cut and brought down to be completed. Everything had to

dren to their fellow passengers, a from the mountains, but it was drybe done in order, and each wagon or stocky, heavybuilt man with large ing too slowly. Hub and spoke were handcart had its particular place in

black eyes was seen approaching. boiled in salt water. Ordinarily the the procession. There was exciteAzariah Brownlee took him by the other parts were kiln -dried, but this ment at the sound of the clash of the

318 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Allan raised his arm as he did when directing the choir, and the theme song of the handcart journeys began.

bow being slipped up around old and shouting of men's voices; with a They reached a creek just as a

Nell's neck. Turning the key, "gee"and a "haw"the start was Californiabound wagon did, the

Phineas took out the other bow and made. driver of which whipped up his

held up the end of the yoke at arm's horses, splashing dirty water on them.

length. With a gleam in his eyes "For some must push and some must "Haw, haw, haw,"laughed his comand a moistening of his lips, he pull, panion in the front seat, while the

spoke, "Come under, Nell."She As we go marching up the hill, driver roared, "Hey, Bill, look't the

obeyed and stood beside her comAs merrily on our way we go, poor whites. Think they can cross

panion like a great red statue while Until we reach the valley O."the Rockies, pushing those baby bugthe bow was being secured. gies."

Jerry Saunders and his companions "Hasn't Allan the grandest voice?""Ma, are we poor whites?"curlyfairly flew hither and yon, managing exclaimed Polly. Pamela looked sushaired little Delia Branton inquired,

to be in practically everyone's way. piciously at the young woman who as she watched the episode in disBut today was different. No one had given her brother such an exmay. Her widowed mother had

seemed to care. There was happiness travagant compliment and then at the brought her four children from the

in the air and joy in every heart. boy whose heart was in his eyes, as cliffs of Dover. She answered cheerPolly. at he gazed Kathleen Garson, fully: in that things "Poor don't it like, "What's crossing the refriend Pamela's from England, horses, count. and Wagons, money littleplains?"asked Garson. Jeanie drily, "If rather marked hadn't you of are course, convenient, are but we blue eyes plainlyHer mystified. were so been busy about David, mooning in rich health, kind having good see, love,"soon"We'll her mother

I you seen would have what saw friends, to."to land a promised go and herself. puzzledwas somewhat

first."the from missmiled Pamela to Children keep hard became

Before starting, the captain gave the chievously at Kathleen—Kathleen track of. "Alexander, Jerry, Sturteorder which was to be the daily one, with her bright gold hair and the very vant, Nicky,"mothers'voices were

"Only those who cannot walk will joy of living shining in her brown heard.

ride."eyes. A breeze stirred the brim of Brown as the road ahead, young

After last minute changes, a solemn her wide hat which was trimmed Jerry showed up. "Where do you

prayer was offered up, the hymn, with a wreath of daisies. boys keep yourselves?"Jane Saunders

"Come, Come, ye Saints"was sung "You look so pretty, and it is good inquired of her son.

spirit vigor,with and and then the along,"to have you Pamela beamed Tolliver "Over by the wagon. We

signal to start given. was a fondly her girlhood With on chum, as arm like the stories tell us, they and I like

creaking of wheels, cracking of whips, in arm they walked. (Continued on page 350)

MAY 1954 319 "When Two or Three—or Even One"

by Lt Ridon R. Garfield

—U.S. Army Air Forces Photo

Army life can become very dreary without mail from home. This photo shows boys

in a foreign country at mailcall.

I would hisThehe lieutenantcame out blinkedof the hisdarkenedeyes as leryinto struckreality hiswhenears.the Instinctivelywhine of artilhis call"Andyouragain,attention—"my brethren, but

bunker. Placing the familiar olivebody answered as he churned a few thoughts left the printed words and

drab helmet on his head, he turned steps and buried himself into the side returned to his unhappy lot. After

listlessly to a clump of trees nearby. of the hill. He heard the rounds many paragraphs without really readHe was young, yet old."Enclosing whistle over and watched them strike ing, he stopped and started over. Once

his tall, lean frame were illfitting behind him on the floor of the again his mind wandered, and he fatigues. On one lapel of his jacket Punchbowl. He lay still a few moread words but not thoughts.

rested a silver bar, on the other, ments then lazily rolled on his side He stopped again and muttered his crossed rifles. He wasn't much difand watched the little puffs of dedisgust for not concentrating. The

ferent from any other combat platoon struction weave a pattern below. That rounds ceased to fall so he looked up,

leader except that under his.45 rested became tiresome, so he began to count noticing the sun for the first time.

a book few others carried—the Book the time between the report of the Without knowing why, he began to

of Mormon. gun and the burst of the shell. sing:

A first glance would lead one to Unconsciously he began to finger Welcome, welcome, Sabbath morning, think him a college senior. A second his holster when his hand fell upon Now we rest from every care.

look would disclose a countenance full the Book of Mormon that the serviceWelcome, welcome is thy dawning, of darkness weighted down by waging men's committee had sent to him. Holy Sabbath, day of prayer.

war. The darkness also saturated his "Why did I bring this along?"LovelyAs we meetteachersin Sundaykindly greetSchool,us,

mind. It came from the experience As his eyes fondly viewed the now With their loving hearts to teach us

of throwing a carbine over his shoultattered cover, he realized for the Of the Savior's Golden Rule.

der and, with forty men, entering first time that it was Sunday. SpeakAfter one verse he stopped, as all

enemy lines. ing aloud, although he realized there the harsh unmusical tones which

The sun was warm, the breeze was none to hear, he voiced, "I'll read came forth discouraged him. With

soft, the trees green; spring was the Book of Mormon. Perhaps it will a chuckle he recalled his senior comclothed in beautiful garments. The make me feel better."panion in the mission field placing

young officer was completely oblivious The book fell open to Mosiah. The his arms around him, calling him by

to his surroundings as selfpity and wind turned a few pages where he name, and saying, "There must be a despair enveloped him. saw many passages underlined in red. lot of music in you 'cause none of

"Why,"an inner voice asked, "was Inserting his finger, he noticed the it has ever come out."I called back into the army? After heading to the chapter—"King BenjaWith the song and a chuckle he

a mission preaching peace and brothmin's address continued—Another began to read, and the words of

erly love, why am I sent to war? prophecy of the Christ—more conBenjamin began to live. As BenjaWhen will I find another Mormon cerning the atonement."He rememmin spoke of the angel and the comwith whom I could hold a meeting?"bered King Benjamin and decided it ing Christ, the young lieutenant

He came abruptly out of unreality was there he should read. (Continued on page 341)

Through the Eyes of YOUTH320 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Atli,oxoe anywliere

More than ever...T H E STANDARD

for THE AMERICAN ROAD!

Your Ford Dealer cordially invites you to Test Drive the '54 Ford

MAY 1954 321 Genealogy—!

THE FOLLOWING IS AN EXCERPT FROM A LETTER

SENT TO ELDER ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT, SECRETARY

OF THE GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY, AND GIVES A GRAPHIC

ACCOUNT OF

MICROFILMING

IN MAINE

by Lloyd S. Hughes

in records I finished Lincoln the vital records, copying about I asked over the looked After I hadToday that counties three told Maine. County, there none. So This makes we electricity. was we gathered I was

have completed; namely, Lincoln, Knox, and Kennebec. up the books and took them back to the car. Near there

Tomorrow I will start in Sagadahoc and next week in lived some people who had power, and permission was

Androscoggin County. The first of the month I expect granted us to copy the records in their woodshed. The

to start in Waldo or Somerset County; these will be the job was completed, and we now have the records, and

next two counties, at any rate, then I hope to complete that is all that matters. I really do enjoy the experiences

Franklin County before we leave. Next summer I will and contacts that I am making here.

be able to finish all of the state north and east of what I am sure that you would enjoy what I go through if we will do this year and that then should leave about you could but spend a week with me here in the field.

three months work for the summer of 1955. The people have been very nice to me, and I find that

There are hundreds of islands off the coast of Maine, the contacts have been very good; but the records are

ten to about boat have to go byand of these we will of the clerks they do town what not know problem—the to the have had weeks I have For severalthem. US are. clerk on a town a woman, One day I called who is

Coast Guard take me to two of them. It was quite an and she told me that she had no other records and

experience for me. One of the islands, Matinicus, had knew of none. I asked for the early town records, and

only thirtytwo volt systems, so we had to bring the she said that they were in the town hall, and only the records back to the mainland to be copied and then selectman had the key. She called his home and found

returned to them by firstclass mail. At Monhegan Isthat he would not be home until late at night, so I

land the only place that we could get 1 10 volts was at the said that I would rather wait to look at the other records

US Coast Guard lighthouse so that is where the records before I started copying and that I would come back were copied. in a couple of days. This I did; she had the key so we Another experience—and I have many in this state went to the town hall and there, in disorder, was a stack

yesterday I went to Westport Island, crossed a toll or rather pile of books. From them I extracted four

(fiftyfive to the the cents asked each way),bridge way in vital records books with town record records—three

office, showing a handed and was maptown clerk's of intentions to marry. them and one volume She was

where the town clerk lived. I drove about three miles so pleased that when I left to come home she sent along

on an old, very narrow, blacktop road, then turned off a carton of fresh vegetables with me.

on a dirt road comparable to a western logging road,

I would say, about ninetyfive percentand drove down this road one and twotenths miles, We are getting, after which I had to get out and walk about three city of the records that have ever been recorded in the offices.

blocks through an old hay field to the town clerk's home. Some have been destroyed by fire, but I feel that the

The records were picked up from under old newspapers, loss will not be too great. At least we are getting a

out of old dressers, and even from an old paper carton. world of very valuable information for the archives.

322 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

Television in thepublic interest*.

*The Judge *Our Children dedicated to traffic safety see teaching techniques in action M

*University Showcase *How's Your Health?

the University of Utah "in action'* your doctor tells you about yourself

These programs are presented in the public interest by..

*Consult TV listings for day and time

MAY 1954 323 THE FACE OF KITTY FRANKLIN by Harold Heifer

Almost as soon as she had said it, she'd momentarily forgotten about But, of course, once Miss Barlow

Miss Barlow had regretted the little Kitty Franklin. Such a sweet had announced the idea, as unthink-

L assignment. It was just that it little girl, too; really quite bright but ing as it had been, it was too late

had been a routine that she'd always quiet and reserved. With conto do anything about it. To backfollowed in her fifth grade class and siderate, lovable ways—but such an track might make matters even worse.

one, she felt, that had created a zestawful shame about her face, so terLittle Kitty might realize right away ful, creative atmosphere. After all, it ribly pockmarked. that it was being called off for her

was not only an exercise in English It didn't happen very often these benefit. And, of course, that would

composition but also an intriguing days any more. But she must have make her feel more selfconscious,

challenge for one pupil to describe had smallpox or an unusually severe more apart, than ever.

another pupil in the room. case of chickenpox. And those almost For a few moments after her tactiBut on this day, in announcing the perforatedlike indentations were the cal mistake had dawned on her, Miss

"describe-a-classmate"essay project, result. Barlow had desperately tried to think

of some excuse for abrogating the idea. But when the little Giles girl

had remarked, "My sisters Betty and

June who used to be in your room told me you always.did this,"that

seemed to kill whatever chance there might have been of avoiding the project.

And, of course, what had made mattersboy—of evenall people!—drawingworse was the WoodlinKitty

Franklin's name out of the hat. Miss

Barlow had hoped that it would be some girl. A girl, Miss Barlow felt,

would understand, would sense, how

Kitty must feel about the condition of her face and handle her essay accordingly. Not that it wouldn't be

a difficult thing to do at best....

But for Kitty's name to have gone to Joe Woodlin—rough and tumble

Joe, with his seeming lack of any sense of discretion whatsoever, always having to be called down for some bit of horseplay or untowardness or something. And the way Joe

keptpiece—itstaringmadeat KittyMiss Barlowas he wroteswallowhis

drily.

She tried to tell herself, well, it was only natural for the pupils to cast glances at the classmates they were describing. They nearly all did that.

But, nevertheless, Miss Barlow kept hoping that a fire drill or something would occur to torpedo the proceedings.

"Jim Anders has yellow hair and a blue shirt,"Billy Morrison was droning out now. "He lives on Han- / over Street. They have a big garage.

He used to stutter, but he doesn't {Continued on page 330)

What had made matters even worse was the Woodlin boy—of all people—drawing

Kitty Franklin's name out of the hat.

324 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 6-Foot MODEL 66 pulltype

Lowcost grain and seed savingnow available in

TWO Great New./rVnCrROOrP Harvesters

New records in clean harvesting can now be wideflow feeding, rubber shelling surfaces, air the pride of your ranch! The nation's leading blast separation, stepup strawrack, sawtooth

harvester—the ALLCROP—brings its wind control valves. These features enable you

famous manycrop ability in 6 and 9 or 12foot to meet the supreme test of rank, down crops cut. Select the size made to order for your and green tangled growth in the grain.

acreage and figure your new low cost... per You'll open a new field of precision harvestbushel, per sack and per year. You have a ing with capacity to match your ranch. Your

welcome surprise coming. AllisChalmers dealer is ready to show you the

And no wonder. More grain or seed is saved famous ALLCROP advantages in your choice

by the unequalled threshing combination of of two outstanding machines.

ALLCROP is an AllisChalmers trademark.

"'—*-'.

ALUSI TRACTOR DIVISIONCHALMERS MILWAUKEE 1, U.S.A.

9-ft or 12ft MODEL lOO SELFPROPELLED

fir

.,i.j:::S,-ii::ji* &&.:s.-,.;#&!:.,*,& >-.-.il.-i.vj;--i:;':i:"y3:':i-.-.vv--.'v:--,->- >:l.i-.-wMM A, - i, A. -.,* fj, -,.-.-y.,:-*:.; - -:........'-.<;

MAY 1954 325 NEW APPROACHES TO BOOK OF MORMON STUDY (Continued from page 309) elders hold their councils in the deep new illustration steadily with new regardless of his ancestry. Nephi's of night. The "hysteria and gloom"studies and explorations in the sand.

formula, "the Jews who are at Jeruthat reigned in Lehi's Jerusalem are In a recent study, Shalem has shown salem,"makes it perfectly clear that further reflected in an Aramaic letthat the best evidence for the stability he was acquainted with other settleter discovered at Saqqarah in 1942 of climatic conditions in the East is ments of Jews, and in his use of the and dating from the time of Jeremiah: the Bible itself; Shalem claims that

term one may detect an undeniable King Adon appeals to Pharaoh for man himself has been the main factor feeling of detachment, if not of hosaid in the very same terms that his in changing the climate of Palestine tility, towards those city Jews. The ancestors used in calling upon Egypt from time to time, and notes that

Lachish Letters distinguish between in the Amarna age, centuries before: there has been a "capital change"

the Jews of the country and the Jews "The armies of the King of Babylon of climate in that country as a result of the city, and this distinction is have come, they have reached of the return of the Jews to the Land also found in Nephi's account. Aphek... do not forsake me."93 in our own time. Yet even while he

In Omni 15, we read that "... The Babylonian lists of prisoners pleads for the scriptures as the best

the people of Zarahemla came out to which we have just referred conguide to the understanding of the passes investigator this by names, a problem, along with the Jewish at that tain, time thefrom Jerusalem 97 silence. prophets in of the the words proportion of Egyptian respectable carried king ofZedekiah, was Judah,

away captive into Babylon."Though names. This is what we find in the As if they had not done enough althis agrees with II Kings 25:7 and Book of Mormon name list as well, ready, our invaluable Scrolls supply

Jeremiah, scholars have doubted it. but the resemblance goes farther, for the best explanation to date for Lehi's

"Before the Chaldaean army laid the Egyptian names in the Old World peculiar fondness for the desert. As

siege to Jerusalem,"according to Allist show, according to D. H. Thomas, a merchant and a Manassite he canbright, "the Jewish King died or was that it was popular at the time to not have escaped something of a

after Egyptian his children famous do desert background, name but how son, hisassassinated, young and 94 will rulers If the reader of the past. status his exploits with on the sand fit exile his in intoJehoiachin, went

place."89 consult our section on "Strange as an orthodox Jew? From the

It is with considerable surprise Names"in Lehi in the Desert, he will Scrolls we learn that there existed the experts now learn that in the discover that a surprisingly large numamong the Jews certain groups disBabylonian lists of prisoners brought ber of Egyptian names found among tinguished for their piety, prophetic to Babylon after the fall of Jeruthe Nephites were those of early zeal, and annoying insistence on a salem "Jehoiachin is called 'the son Egyptian kings and heroes. The literal and nottoo-distant coming

of the king'of Judah,"instead of legendary first king of Egypt was of the Messiah. The Apocrypha

king. While, according to Thomas, Aha, whose name means "warrior,"teach us that such groups and such

"it is possible that this is a mere and, significantly enough, in the Book teachings were not confined to any scribal error,"Weidner "suggests of Mormon this name is bestowed by one period of Jewish history but run that the designation... may have a Nephite commanderin-chief on his like a scarlet cord through its whole

been deliberately chosen, the Babyson. Other royal and heronames in texture. "Almost all our fathers,"

lonians regarding Zedekiah as the the Book of Mormon are Himni, says Nephi, the son of Helaman, legitimate king of Judah."00 Along Korihor, Paanchi, Pakumeni, Sam, "testified of the coming of Christ, and

with that, it is notable that in the Zeezrom, Hem, Manti, Nephi, have looked forward, and have reBook of Mormon Zedekiah plays abZenoch. Zeniff is certainly cognate joiced in his day which is to come."

solutely no role at all, all government with Arabic Zaynab, bestknown Now the Scrolls teach us that such and dirty work being left, apparentfrom the Latinized name of Zenobia, holy men and their followers were ly, entirely to "the elders of the next to the Queen of Sheba the most wont to organize themselves in "enJews."This view is substantiated in famous woman of the East. campments,"actually living "outside

a new book by Hoelscher, who shows The Babylonian captivelist also the towns in desert regions,"where

Zedekiah as a helpless puppet in the includes Philistine, Phoenician, Ela- "they lived if not actually in tents at hands of "the potentates at the court, mite, Median, Persian, Greek, and least in very simple dwellings. They

who now appear as sworn enemies Lydian names—all sweepings of a thus avoided the corruption of the

of the Prophet whose predictions of campaign into Lehi's country. 95 The towns and once again realized the

disaster they regard as treasonable."91 variety of nametypes in the Book of ideal of the nomad life handed down

The prophet in question was JereMormon is thus well substantiated. in the oldest of Israel's traditions."98

miah, whom Lehi supported, thereby Another list of names showing the As Israel of old, they were deliberately incurring the wrath of the same same variety of national types as the escaping from the wicked world to the "elders"who attempted to liquidate Babylonian and Book of Mormon air of the desert, carrying out in the him as well as Jeremiah. Hoelscher rosters is the much earlier Tell life of the tent dwellers a symbolism

tells us that Jeremiah met with the Ta'annek list, in which the element which the Latterday Saints preweak king "in secret interviews,"bin is prominent, e.g. Binda-ni?-wa serve to this day when they speak of

vainly attempting to persuade him to (cf. Book of Mormon Abinadi), as the "stakes"and the "center stake"

give up the fatal alliance with Egypt. 92 well as the -zira and -andi combinaof Zion. The earliest Arabic comThe decision of policy in "secret intions, the latter interpreted as East mentary on government is a poetic

terviews"is exactly what we meet Canaanitish. 96 exposition in which, according to

with in First Nephi, where the Lehi's life in the desert receives (Continued on page 330) 326 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MAY 1954 327 The promise of the past is an even better future

(\QnfaM<fj From the West's first successful oil Gasoline was a waste product in wells of 1879, Standard's drilling Standard's first refinery of 1879, but operations have stretched all over it's king today. We've developed

the world—even in ocean depths fuels that made better engines pos-

4 miles off shore—to get the oil which sible, used research tools like the

you and our friends in other free chassis dynamometer (below) to nations need more and more. bring you today's top gasolines.

Before horses gave way to horseFirst steel tanker in the Pacific, World's first gas station was opened power, Standard's wagons of the '80's Standard's SS George Loomis back in by Standard in 1907 at Seattle, Washbrought only kerosene, harness oil 1888 began helping us put oil where ington. Since then, we've pioneered

and axle grease to Western farms. you need it. Today 26 tankers, 3,748 the car care you enjoy now—windNow our insecticides, weedkillers, miles of pipe line, thousands of tank shield cleaning, tire, battery, lubricafertilizers help increase crop yields trucks serve your oil needs wherever tion service, even "Chevronmatic"

and add to your food supply. you are in the West, Alaska, Hawaii. credit cards to save you time.

328 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SfotseksHJ annwmeaa first oil industry

First oil industry 8-hour day was introOn Lindbergh's transAtlantic flight in New power for transportation and induced by Standard in 1917. This was 1927, we fueled "The Spirit of St. dustry was born in 1935 when

a major step in our employee relaLouis."Now, safer airliners, faster Standard's first compounded diesel

tions programs which include health, military planes mark aviation proglubricating oil made highspeed diepension, insurance benefits and a ress which Standard's research has sel engines a practical reality. Now

stock purchase plan—95% of eligiserved. Now we're making fuels for our scientists are working on lubrible employees own Company stock. tomorrow's jets and rockets. cants for the first atomic submarine.

& art even, de&foJetZate

fjto\ You wear a suit woven from oil, drive on tires born in a refinery, whisk over asphalt superhighways, read about kerosenepowered planes that crack the sound barrier. And you live in a West far

the of those beyond dreamsMaking housework easier, Standard We pioneered peacetime use of atomic 1879'ers formed the who Commade detergents available for "soapenergy. In 1950, using radioactive pany from which Standard grew.

less soaps"in 1946. Later we propiston rings, Standard measured enWhat lies ahead? If the past is

duced the basic ingredients for gine wear as it occurs, used this reany clue, oil will be saving you wrinkleproof clothing for men and search to develop better motor oils, more work and money, improving women, adding again to the more including a new oil so superior it can your transportation and putting than 1100 products we make from oil. boost gas mileage up to 15 %. more luxury in your living. And

Standard will continue to play a big part in this progress as we follow our 75year tradition of planning ahead to serve you and the nation better.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY

OF CALIFORNIA

MAY 1954 329 NEW APPROACHES TO BOOK OF MORMON STUDY

(Continued from page 326) used only in connection with slaves or with

Noeldeke, we find not a brief for foreigners (nonJews).

kingship but the "truly Arabic"conIbid.,mIbid., pp.p. 368.369f.

cept of a free society in which the 8lbid., p. 371.

best rule by consent of all the govIbid., pp. 374f.

erned: *W; F. Albright, "A Brief History of Judah

from the Days of Josiah to Alexander the

No people are well off without proper Great,"Biblical Archaeologist, Feb. 1946

leadership; (IX.i), p. 2.

And there are no leaders when the more D. W. Thomas, in Palest. Explor. Quart.,

ignorant rule. 1950, p. 5.

As the tent cannot be set up without poles, 91G. Hoelscher, Geschichtsschreibung in

And the poles cannot stand without the Israel (Lund, 1952), p. 193.

tentstakes about, round 112f. Desert, the in 92See Lehi pp.

so, poles coand stakes both when Even cit., 8. re- p. op. The MD. Thomas, W.

operate, of this to the resemblance markable Amarna the goal achieved In that has been day justiletters, comments, upon which Thomas before which to fies of material occasional use Amarna partly attained."only Was with of notably illustrate the Mormon, Book

(To be continued) regard to proper names.

BIBLIOGRAPHY "Ibid., p. 7.

TOThus Albright, following Gardiner notes DnLoc. cit.

that the recently discovered Chester Beatty mA. Gustavs, "Die Personnennamen in den

Papyri prove the Song of Songs to be of Tontafeln von Tell Ta'annek, I,"in Ztschr.

Egyptian origin, W. F. Albright, Archaedes Dt.-PalestinaVereins, 50 (1927), and

yMmilllllllllimilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIli ology and the Religion of Israel (Baltimore: 51 (1928), pp. 191, 198, 207. There are 9

Johns Hopkins Press), p. 21. Subaraean, 5 Asia Minor (Hittite), 1 Egyp-

I See the "Specialist"at 1 1950,"D. p.W.2. Thomas, in Palest. Explor. Quart., tian,Indian,1 Sumerian,10 Akkadian1 Iranian,(Babylonian),I Kossaean, 211

( DESERET BOOK COMPANY ( slIbid.,A. Jirku,p. 4. "Die Mimation in den Canaanitish,(Aramaic?) names,2 Amorite,ibid., pp.and209f. 5 Arabic

Stabilite en B7N. Shalem, "La du Climat einige Sprachen nordsemitischen und Your Bell and Howell Palestine,"Biblique, LVIII (1951), Revue altisraelitischen der Mantik,"Bezeichnungen

Special Representative Biblica, XXXIV (1953), pp. 78f. 54, 74.

Ibid.,.p..80. B8DupontSommer, op. cit., p. 61.

advertisement (See full page on the Zeitlin, "Tli. Delectus CarmiNoeldeke, Hebrew, Veterum 81Solomon "The Names

"Specialist"on opposite page.)

(Berlin, Study,"with a Historical Arabicorum p. 4, and Israel: 1890), Jewish num Jew

Miiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniimmiiiii miiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinr Quarterly Review, XLIII (1953), 367, it is note.

Complete Film Offerings

THE FACE OF KITTY FRANKLIN

Feature Films page 324) (Continued from his things. is sloppy I think about for Ward Entertainments.".. liverwurst sandfather is a or something. fireman any more. He brings

wiches to eat for lunch almost every More than half of the essays had

Educational Films day. Sometimes he wrinkles his been read, now. Sooner or later

forehead when he listens, like he is she'd have to call on Joe Woodlin.

for use in M. I. A.—thinking real hard. He is a good It occurred to Miss Barlow that it

Relief Society top spinner. His nose is kind of would be best not to wait until the

long but seems to come to a sudden very end to call on Joe. For one Primary and stop...."thing, that in itself might call attenother classes These youngsters! What devastattion to it, might make sweet little

ing observers they were! It was, by Kitty feel more selfconscious than

and large, Miss Barlow couldn't help ever.

but think, good, clean fun, with the Marilyn Johnson was reading now:

chips falling where they might. Only, "Susie Goldson is almost my best

of course, the presence of Kitty Frankfriend. She goes to camp for two Deseret lin made it different. It would only weeks in the summer. Her folks are

be natural for her to be extra sensipretty rich and live in a kind of big BOOK CO. tive about things. brick house. They have a big collie

Now it was Ellie Winters who was dog. Susie isn't so smart in school,

reading her essay. "Sam Leland is but she is good about sharing her

44 E. So. Temple a good ball player and can hit the lunch. She got something in her

DIAL 3-6716 sweaterball far. withHe a wearshole ata theheavyelbow.red toeyeunderstandthe other fractions.day. She..."can't seem

AudioVisual Aids He spills the ink from his inkwell Miss Barlow always had had the 1400 Indiana Avenue sometimes. Miss Barlow scolds him feeling that there was something just

because he doesn't write too good and (Continued on page 332) 330 THE IMPROVEMENT ERJ TWO GREAT

t AT YOUR SERVICE

Specialist in performance!

Only Bell & Howell could give you such an instrument as the Filmosound Specialist—202 magnetic or 285 standard. Audiovisual equipment crafted with sapphires for

400% longer life, designed for heavyduty, constant operation, plus a long list of exclusive special features you'll appreciate more and more in use. Only Bell & Howell

Special Representatives handle this superfine equipment. Won't you let your Special

Representative show you the many advantages (and real savings!) you can enjoy

when you own and use the finest?

Specialist in service! >f Bell & Howell's Special Representatives are more than skilled maintenance men.

Each is a specialist, not only in selling and servicing your audiovisual equipment, but in planning effective soundmovie pro- * Bell & Howell, Dept. E

grams. Take advantage of superior service; 7177 McCormick Road, Chicago III.

contact your Bell & Howell Special ReprePlease send me, without cost or obligation, the name of my

Special Representative and complete information on sound movie sentative today—see how he can help make equipment.

your audiovisual operations pay off in NAME sales, in education, in training. ORGANIZATIONADDRESS.

CITY-..ZONE. STATE.

makers ofthe world'sfinest motionpicture equipmentBell &Howell

MAY 1954 331.

Why Share Your Space THE FACE OF KITTY FRANKLIN with a Swinging Door?

(Continued from page 330) spicuous she might be making his a bit stuckup about the Goldson girl. essay reading.

But everyone in the class seemed So, in a voice that she tried to keep genuinely to like little Kitty. It was as casually natural as possible, she

such a shame to do anything at all said now: "All right, Joe Woodlin,

that would in the slightest hurt her I don't believe we've heard from you feelings.... yet."

Still, there wasn't anything to do Joe stood up, his hair unruly as about the present situation. The best ever, his shirt rumpled, some sort

thing to do was to get it over with of earthy smear under his chin. In

now. The longer that she refrained that raspy voice of his, he began:

from calling on Joe, the more con- (Concluded on page 334)

a "MODERNFOLD"Jke Jound *Jr5 Silenced.. door takes none

MORE SPACE FOR LIVING NEW COLORFUL RIGID - STRENGTHBEAUTYOF STEEL Richard L. Evans

MOVABLE WALLS the doors that fold Q ometimes there are sounds which at first we are only like an accordion vaguely aware of, intrusive, insistent sounds that are all around us, but which don't quite break through to our full consciousness, which are somehow partly shut out from our senses: the throbbing of a motor, the roar of traffic, the

worrisome sound of the wind, the hiss of escaping steam, the pervasive sound of an airconditioning system, the droning

For demonstration write or phone of a fan. Often we are aware of such sounds as an unpleasant us tense something that makes and obligato—as ALDER'S then is shut suddenly something off; sud1343 South Main Salt Lake City ill at ease—and

Phone 7-1531 denly the sound ceases—and there is quiet, blessed quiet;

Please send your me free booklet entitled and a sense of relief and peace. And only then do we befor 'More IE-3. Space Living"

NAME... come altogether aware of the disturbing effects of the sound

Address.. we partly sensed—as we feel the relief and relaxing that

City State.. come when it suddenly ceases. There is a striking parallel

in this physical phenomenon with the insistent unheard sounds that sometimes make us inwardly ill at ease: the

obligato of an unquiet conscience; of jealousies and jarring

NEW tionsthoughts;that offollowinnerourresistancefailing to anddo whatresentments;we knowthewe accusashould

do, our failing to perform as fully as we should perform;

WHITE the accusations that come when we have turned away someone we could have helped; the futility that follows too much

striving for things that don't matter too much—for false

pride and empty position; the discontent of wasting time;

the inner accusations that come with unkindness, with hate and harsh words; with judging others unjustly. And then

there comes (or can come) a release, a peace as if an

BEIOVED KING JAMEi offending sound were silenced—the peace that follows the

VERSION changing of an inner attitude, the admitting of an error, the leaving of bad habits behind, of putting aside of false by pride, of moving to make wrongs right, of ceasing to do what was not right. There comes (or can come) a blessed silencnational

ing of the inner jarring sounds. There come (or can come

Every bride will cherish this lovely Bible she'll carry to the altar. It's enduringly with apology, with prayer, with sincere repentance) such

bound in washable White Simulated peace and blessed relief as come when a disquieting sound

Leather, decoratively tooled in gold. ceases within our very souls. Exceptional in attractive value, only $5.50

gift box.

ASK lpJ Jke Jjoohen Word FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

28, 1954 Copyright, 1954 national BIBLES SYSTEM, FEBRUARY

AT LEADING BIBLE STORES 332 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The finest fresh ripe fruit

combined with

The PUREST CANNING SUGAR MADE

gives you

Perfect jams, jellies, and preserves

I SUGAR ALWAYS BUY U and MAY 1954 333 The Face of Kitty Franklin

page 332) (Concluded from ANNOUNCES ITS NEW girl is a Franklin "Kitty who sits WESTERNV in the third row. She wears gingum

dresses a lot. At least they look like

gingum dresses. Her hair is real

dark "III: I ilLiii Kitty.Miss BarlowShe hadstolebecomea quicktenselyglanceerect,at

mm there was no doubt about it. Miss

Barlow felt herself growing the same m way.

L. The almost uncouthlike Woodlin

boy rumbled on: "She isn't very tall

or very short. Sometimes she coughs

quite a bit...."

Miss Barlow felt herself holding her breath.

She never was sure afterwards whether Kitty's eyes had become moistlike or whether what made it seem so was her own eyes reacting that way. But she knew that probably as long as she lived she'd never

forget these words by a boy named

Joe Woodlin:

"She usually sits off to herself when she eats her lunch. Everybody seems

MINNEAPOLISST. PAUL to like her. She is real nice. I like

SALT LAKE NEW YORK; her, too. She is about the prettiest

CITY DETROIT girl I ever saw. She has so many

CLEVELAND dimples."

BIG 4-ENGINE COACHMASTERS ON UTAH'S DIRECT ROUTE EAST In the Steps of Abraham

VIA CONNECTIONS AT MINNEAPOLISST. PAUL! (Continued from page 311)

was off to see the city. A short

streetcar ride (a most prosaic act to be doing in one of the oldest cities in the world) brought me to the foot of Jebel Kaysun, where tradition asserts that Adam Lowest Fares Ever Offered! Moslem

lived and where Cain hid the body

Save hours on the only daylight air coach East! of Abel. The same authority states

that the Father of the Faithful

DETROIT. *69 10 CLEVELAND. *73 3fl (Abraham) lived in a cave on this

mountain until he was fifty years old, then he forsook his idols for the NEW YORK $91 10 TWIN CITIES *4700 and worship of the one and only true

For reservations and information, God.

call Western Airlines or see your Western travel agent. From near the top of this 1500 foot

(ALL FARES PLUS TAX, FROM SALT LAKE CITY) rise, part of the world of Abraham was plainly visible. Looking over

this city of 300,000 I could see the ghutta or plain over which Abraham and company must have traveled and the little Barada River, flowing right through Damascus, that would have provided the necessary water for an

Ami Oldest - fires Americas Finest extendedThe luxuriantstay. gardens and suburbs

of Damascus were most amazing in this generally arid region. "It is not

334 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

surprising that... [some authorities]

... have tried to prove that Haran

was situated in this vicinity."48

To follow the most probable route that Abraham and company took after quitting Damascus was rather difficult, not because of the terrain, butbecause of the unsettled conditions "Down existing between the Jews and the

Arabs. This legacy of hatred and to

suspicion goes back to Abraham. The

Israel,region of Galilee is in under is.. sites Earth"fact administration; the otherJewish

are controlled by Arabs of the Hashimite kingdom of the Jordan.

The sites most sure in the Holy

Land are those connected with water.

This gift of nature that we all take so much for granted is a rare and precious commodity in the Near East.

Lakes, streams, springs, rivers, and wells are carefully noted and protected. Rarely do these natural

sources change their positions.

I soon learned that the most accurate and easiest way to identify scriptural incidents and places was to attempt to connect them with some source of water. After consulting

maps and authorities, and flying over the country, I found that the most probable route for Abraham to have taken from Damascus to

Canaan was by way of established caravan routes through the Galilee - INSTEAD OF PUTTERING and puffing and maybe area. There are numerous seasonal doing half a job, you can turn your yard

and perennial streams between into a beautiful picture this spring

Damascus and the Sea of Galilee. with a Walker Bank "Landscaping"loan.Abraham could have entered Canaan Matter of fact, to do a firstclass job proper somewhere between Lakes

Hule (Hula) and Galilee. These on any improvement for your home, join

lakes are about twelve miles apart. the thousands who say—

The land between Damascus and Galilee is flat and uninteresting.

All the while I was in Galilee k>i my money i&

I couldn't help humming our Sunday

School hymn, "Oh, Galilee."It was

a delightful change from the arid, semidesert lands I had been in for WALKER BANK so long. Here water and grazing NO MONEY DOWN! and look how easy to pay!

land are reasonably plentiful. It OUNVR

must have been a welcome sight to

Borrow this Pay this per mo. for 36 mos.

the travel -weary company of Abraham. $ 250 $ 7.99

At the time Abraham entered and 500 15.98

lived in this part of the world, it was per year known generally as Canaan. About for each hundred 1,000 31.95

four hundred years later, when the dollars you borrow 2,500 79.87

Israelites returned from Egypt, the country was divided among several different groups of people. 49 After GET AN ESTIMATE for the home improvements

the Israelitish conquest, the country you want to make, then walk into Walker's.

was further divided among the Twelve There's an office near you: Downtown, Sugarhouse; 450 So. 2nd West

Tribes. During the time of the Savior Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation * Member Federal Reserve System

(Continued on following page) MAY 1954 335 In the Steps of Abraham

(Continued from preceding page) there were three general divisions:

Galilee, Samaria, and Judea. The

divisions correspond nicely to the relative positions of Idaho, Utah, and

Arizona. I had just left Galilee, the

scene of Christ's early ministry, and was entering into Samaria.

The most important town in Samaria today is Nablus, a nice little place of some twentyfive thousand

WhajB'Ver your inhabitants. I was here for two reaprjja+fng needs

farge or smal sons: one, to visit the high priest of

you are certain to the nearly extinct race of Samaritans, receive the very and two, Nablus is near the site of best service at the ancient Shechem, where Abraham ultra - modern prowas visited by God upon his entry duction plant of into Canaan.

the Deseret News Press. The knowlNow about (Sechem) Shechem.

edge of skilled craftsmen and the effi- A few facts first: "There is no doubt

cient production of the most modern as to the situation of ancient Shechem.

equipment is available to meet your It lay in the pass which cuts through printing requirements with accuracy, Mts. Ephraim, Eban, and Gerizim.

economy and speed.... Along this line runs the great

road which from time. immemorial

has formed the easiest and quickest means of communication between 51 'MIUIKifiDesereti UTiiiiimi! >.—i——.—Newsn [ |M Tir[[[|-nrPress1 M | -irnlB |,||, millWWII ffi5)"V——I—the East of the Jordan and the sea."

31 RICHARDS STREET Phone 4-2581 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH I spent a very exciting afternoon

Plant - 1605 Industrial Road (1900 West) Phone 7-1584 Salt Lake City visiting the excavations of Shechem made by Professor Selin in 1914 and

Mme. MarquetKrause in 1937. I

touched the city walls 5000 years old and noted, with interest, how prominent was the location of this city. This

strategic position lends credence to the story that Abraham passed this way.

A singular feature of Nablus is especially for your solethe survivalremnant inof theit ofverypracticallyancient racethe of Samaritans. There are fewer than

two hundred left. I made it a special

point to look up their high priest and found myself face to face with a Levite. (His office is hereditary in the

priestly family.) They speak Arabic, CmfcM but their services are in Samarian.

menus They recognize only the Pentateuch china and the Book of Joshua.

prices mm enough.I found Wethe hightalkedpriestfor agreeablesometime

through an interpreter. I was primarily interested in their unique belief regarding the location of the atPERFECT FOR FAMILY DINNER tempted sacrifice of Isaac by Abraham. i iMM mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm

They disagree with the Jews who COFFEE believe that the sacrifice occurred in

Jerusalem. To the Samaritans, Mt. SHOP Gerizim is the sacred place. Their

their in is well set forth argument Hotel Utah 51 After being Max Carpenter, Manager Book of Enlightenment.

See Uncle Roscoe's Playtime Party—KSLTV, 4:15 p.m. shown around their synagogue and

336 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA seeing their sacred books, I thanked my noble and austere host for his hospitality and immediately set out to climb Mt. Gerizim.

Gerizim is about 1,000 feet io cftoose Mt.above the road level. Gaining the U

summit was well worth the effort. Ispent some time recreating in my <teP

mind Abraham's entry into Canaan.

Somewhere below me "the Lord appeared unto Abraham."

Three times a year the Samaritans celebrate atop Mt. Gerizim. Respectively the feasts are of the Passover, Pentecost, and Tabernacles, all

carried out in strict accordance with the biblical injunctions. I later talked

with a man in Jerusalem who had attended some of these feasts. His

recounting of the ceremony made me feel as if I had suddenly been whisked back into B.C. times.

I walked around the ruins of their synagogue and saw the stone they venerate as the stone of Abraham's sacrificial altar. Facing to the east I

looked toward the birthplace of

Abraham, six hundred miles away.

Abraham had served his God for more light/ So Perfectly Balanced, Too!

than one hundred years, had been the recipient of many blessings and Winner of HESS AWARD for best, promises, and now he was required most versatile wheelbarrow design!

to sacrifice his only son. This was Streamlined, durable construction.

the great test. Seamless steel tray holds big loads.

Tubular steel frame. Big puncture

Bethel and Hai were the next proof tire. Selfoiling bearing. Baked

"musts"on my itinerary. On my enamel finish.

way to visit them I passed Jacob's

Well. Matson states: "The great importance and interest of the well,

from every point of view, can hardly I GUvw! Presto, It's a Barbecue Cart

be overemphasized; it is undoubtedly

the very well claimed by the ancients Get double use from your BEAUTY to have been dug by the Patriarch BARROW! Inexpensive barbecue

(Continued on following page) attachment instantly converts it into a perfect portable barbecue cart.sand—theNo needheattowon'tline harmthe traythe withbarrow. It's easy to keep clean, too!

eu),'Most Ladies Prefer This One!

Why didn't someone think of this before! BEAUTY BARROW 2-

Wheeler handles easily on sloping or rough ground. Even with full load it

may be pushed or pulled without danger of spilling. Barbecue attachment fits this model, too!

Sold by leading Hardware, Department and Garden Supplies Stores.

NORTHWEST55 SPOKANEMETALSTREET SEATTLEPRODUCTS,4, WASHINGTON INC GrecoRoman theater at Byblos.

MAY 1954 337 IN THE STEPS OF ABRAHAM (Continued from preceding page) Samaritan woman as narrated by

It is the only well of the John. For Church Jacob....

kind in this whole country. Of all About thirty miles farther down

School specificallytine, this isidentifiedone of sitesthe mostin Palescer- thisAbraham,four thousandI came acrossyearoldthe trailvillageof tain.... "52 of Beitin which occupies the ancient

this I sat of 105foot- edge on the site of Bethel.

its shaft, of water, or Auditorium deep drank and Both the books of Genesis and read the account of Christ and the (Continued on page 340)

;>J\JSN>>>XCN3<9X3\3\3\>S

Jke Uvit aina /4appu

Richard L. Evans

'HPhere is no duty,"wrote Robert Louis Stevenson, "we so much underrate as the duty of being happy."1 We

think of happiness as being deeply desirable but seldom perhaps think of it as a duty. But duty it is, for without it

NEW life falls short of its full power and purpose. To attempt to

MODEL 2C2 define it would be difficult to do, for its formula varies. And

among its paradoxes is this: the happiest people are not

AMERICA'S FINEST always those that one would expect to be the happiest. But

ELECTRONIC ORGAN there are some essential elements that must go into its

Come in... or 'phone for a making, and lacking any of these, the socalled happiness we

appointment faith, First is of quality. with kind a lesser have is and

this and hear newest—seedemonstration together love, conscience. four a quiet work, and These and.. Connsonata. standard

A.G.O. specifications, 32add up to a sense of peace and purpose, and a sense of

pedal note board with two in his Tightness a loving Father made who within—faith independent 61 -note manulimit- before in children them and his own image who holds other organ can als. No compare with it for all-'round less eternal purpose and progress; faith in the ultimate trivalue. See it today. umph of truth; faith that wrongs will be righted and that

there comes an end to discouraging days—and nights—even

if the darkness sometimes makes the dawn seem long delayed.

And then work: There are many kinds of work, but there

isn't much that could be called happiness without purposeful,

OPEN MONDAY EVENINGS willing work. And as to love: This is one of the chief attriUNTIL 9:00 P.M. butes of God, and one of the greatest attributes of his children. Without love there is little meaning in life: the love

of friends and family—some special few who have close and

special meaning—and the love of others also, all of whom dune* II7Wusic

are children of our Father. Love is one of the greatest infree course, quiet conscience, a from And then, of south 4547 TTITTITTTITTITTT main gredients.

City 5afrfate free a sense of uncleanness, sense a from of dealing or judging BLVD.,O60EN145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PR0V0 /i 2260 WASHINGTON unjustly—and with a willingness to admit errors and to

make amends. It is difficult to define happiness; but we

know when we find it; and we know when we lose it; and

Your Bookdealer now has. we know that all men are looking for it. Others may help

to make it. Others often impair it. But it isn't something

that someone can guarantee to anyone else. It is something

that grows inside ourselves—with faith, with work, with love, Gospel and a quiet conscience—with peace and purpose and a sense

of rightness within. Happiness is indeed a duty, for "men

are, that they might have joy."2 Ideals

1R. L. Stevenson, An Apology for Idlers.

Selections from the 2Book of Mormon, II Nephi 2:25.

Discourses of Uhe Spoken lA/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESIDENT PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

DAVID O. McKAY SYSTEM, MARCH 7, 1954 Copyright, 1954

338 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It is difficult to write a definition of the American way.

But it is easy to find good examples. Here is one

smart can How machines be?

Back in the twenties there was a stage play about gets rid of the drudgery and cuts the time to four a factory that made mechanical men, who repaid hours.

their creators by trying to wreck civilization. The In management, "hunch"is giving way to fact.

term "robot"has made people uneasy ever since. Electronic dataprocessing machines can zip through

How smart can a machine be? At General Electric headspinning statistics on things like market changes,

we're beginning to find out. For some years now product design factors and income trends to come up

we've been working with machines that come starwith the answers General Electric managers need to tlingly close to duplicating the thought processes of make sound decisions, not hopeful guesses. Patterns

men. emerge that make it possible to avoid errors. In time

Can they outsmart men? The reassuring fact is just new light may be shed on the reasons for boom and

the opposite: they make men even smarter by taking bust. It looks like everyday living might catch up at

over routine mental chores and freeing men for the last with our fantastic progress in science.

creative thinking only human minds can encompass. Machines that can read, write, do arithmetic,

General Electric is using machines with "electronic measure, feel, remember, now make it possible to brains"in engineering, accounting and management take the load off men's minds, just as machines have to speed our most important product, progress. eased the burden on our backs.

A jet engine used to be designed by trial and error. But these fantastic machines still depend on people

You had to build it first, or a costly model, to find to design and build and guide and use them. What

out how it would work. Now, an electronic computer they replace is drudgery—not people. Or General

helps solve long and complex jet development probElectric wouldn't be so enthusiastic about them. Belems in advance. In 15 minutes it goes through 8 milcause it's people, with their hopes, desires and jobs,

lion mathematical calculations and comes up with that we depend on for customers. Machines can't

an answer that would take a mathematician 7 years. dream.

With "think machines,"engineers can bring you Don't worry; smart though they are, machines will

new and better products quicker.

never be as smart as people. Not while people are

It used to take seven days to put together the paysmart enough to think them up, smart enough to let roll in one of our plants. Now an "electronic brain"them do man's drudging work.

Progress Is our most important product

GENERAL ELECTRIC

MAY 1954 339 Whenever you use salad dressing In the Steps of Abraham

(Continued from page 338) Abraham tell of Abraham's erecting an altar in the vicinity of Bethel.

Genesis goes on to tell us that Abraham returned to Bethel when he came back from Egypt. Bethel is

also the scene of Jacob's dream of the ladder.

Bethel means literally "House of

God."This name could be derived

from the altar Abraham built there or from Jacob's dream.

Bethel is intimately connected with

Hai (Ai). Abraham "... pitched his

tent, having Bethel on the west, and

Hai on the east."(Gen. 12:8.) Ai

was a Canaanite city destroyed about 2200 B.C. and never rebuilt. 53 Remains of stone houses have been found

among the ruins dating back to 2900

B.C. Bethel, a city named in the

Bible more often than any other city save Jerusalem, was built shortly after the destruction of Hai.

It was late afternoon, but I was determined to push the remaining mile and a half to the ruins of Hai.

Somehow my memorized Arabic perTry these Halley's foods, tooCOLD MEATS & mitted me to express my desires, and

of Beitin little village sleepy in the SYRUP LUMBERJACK CHILI APPETIZERS

CHIPS POTATO BEEF STEW to little volunteered ragamuffins two accompany me to Hai. Dusk was

falling on the Judean hillland, but we soon saw a tell, mound of ruins, all that is left of Hai. There we saw

the ruins (it is of interest that the name Hai means ruins) of a temple that may have been built as early as the twentysixth century B.C. In

1933 the remains of a triple line of city walls were excavated. This was

not common in Palestine at that time and shows distinct Mesopotamian influence. 54 Abraham may have noted

the resemblance to his culture.

little friends, after I had given KOLOB Provides My universally the backsheesh, expected Coverage Complete resulted that showed me a "shortcut"much insurance to know how Want you need for your home... and the in making the six miles on foot

right kind to buy? Your local Kolob through the Judean hills. It was

to these answers furnish the can Agent questions you insurance other may stimulating and thoughtprovoking. and

have. He has policies for every purNevertheless that night the little vilpose—backed by strong stock comlage of Ramalla looked very inviting.

panies... and can assure you of

prompt, fair claim settlement. Consult (To be continued)

him today! NOTES

A GENERAL INSURANCE AGENCY COMPLETE LLOYD'S FACILITIES Alternate spellings, Sechem, Sichem. It

is modern Nablus. Hai also has several

spellings: Ai, Aija, Aiath. According to some

authorities the site of this ancient city is probably marked by the modern Haiyan.

""Palmyra, New York. During a short

conversation with the manager of the PalFRANK SALISBURY, MGR. myra (N. Y.) Hotel, I learned that it was

330 Judge Bldg., Salt Lake City common practice among the early town

fathers to name their settlements in honor 340 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

of some recognized, established city or geographic area. A map of western New York

reveals the names of Mexico, Cairo, Egypt,

Burmingham, etc.

*5I Kings 9:18.

mThe Land and the Book (London: 1866).

When Thompson visited Damascus he was referring to "the village of es Silihiyey, largest suburb of Damascus."Today this section

has been absorbed into the city limits of

Damascus and there is little of interest to see. "Idem. iSIdem. 49Hittites, Amorites, Perizzites, Hivites,

Jebusites and Canaanites.

mThe International Standard Bible Encyclopaedia, IV (Chicago: The HowardSeverance Co., 1925), 2755.

51Jacob, Son of Aaron, The Book of Enlightenment (Sublette, 111.: The Puritan

Press, 1913), pp. 3335.

52G. Olaf Matson, The Palestine Guide

(5th ed.; Jerusalem: Joshua Simon, 1946),

p. 335-6. 5:tJack Finegan, Light From the Ancient

Past (Princeton University Press, 1949), pp.

136-7. r,4W. F. Albright, The Archaeology of

Palestine (Harmondsworth, Middlesex: (Penguin Books, 1949), p. 88.

GRASS ROOTS and Versatility...

By Eva Willes Wangsgaard never shall defeat my enemy, For Low Cost

I The patient grass whose long, tenacious and Low Maintenance..

roots Creep underground among perennial shoots,

Aware no warring gardener disputes

A foe when friends are held for ransom fee. The ARISTOCRAT of

fort thornbush armored is anA to free ALL BUILDING MATERIALS warfare's penalty grass from openThe

And gives us both perpetual pursuits. Roman and Norman Brick available

So every growing season I must pry to give you new beauty

Again and yet again along each row inside as well as out

In search of fine, meandering roots that grow Just deep enough to harry and defy Vitrified Clay Sewer Pipe that

The probing finger and the lightbound eye lasts forever is another of our

Yet ultimate defeat is mine, I know. proud products... made by

THE CRAFTSMEN IN CLAY

"When Two or Three—rpa

or Even One'. in.KM H. km stig Hxl a:, HiW n—

Salt Lake City 8, Utah Phone 3-2763 (Continued from page 320) 3 could feel his bosom begin to swell.

In simplicity he thanked God for the wonderful mission of the Savior. In

searching his soul he discovered himself not willing enough to yield to the i The Good eating to us means delicious food and excellent enticings of the Holy Spirit—not service, of course. But it also means low prices. In the

meek, humble, patient, full of love, or sign that Temple Square Coffee Shop you can get a complete willing to submit to all things which roast beef dinner for $1.30. (That's sirloin of beef

gravy, polonaise noodles pan yams. inflict and candied fit to us. seesthe Lord upon says with

appetizer, price fresh salad, includes buttered And the his of the wordsThese washed mind darkness. He continued reading, revegetable, beverage and dessert). Take the wholeplacing that darkness with light. "good | family out to dinner this week, at Hotel Temple Square.

He now found breathing difficult;

tears of joy came to his eyes as he eating'realized the full import of Benjamin's message. He whispered, "Thank rs

vyou, thank you very much for the \"W/ jMfL (Continued on following page) Clarence I. West, Manager

MAY 1954 341 "When Two or Three—

or Even One"

(Continued from preceding page)

Book of Mormon and the Prophet

Benjamin."He became so excited he had to stand and read aloud—as in church Jbu expect more

back home. The words of inspiration spoken by Benjamin, over two

thousand years before, seemed to have been spoken especially for him of the

Korean battleground in 1953. He

had to turn to see if he were alone, fortestimonies—ashe felt the presencein a missionaryof a floodconof

ference.

He then noticed the breeze, the trees, the Punchbowl majestically holdingread—"Believethe mountainsin God,aroundbelieveit. thatHe

he is and that he created all things both in heaven and in earth."He

paused, closed his eyes, and in a low, firm voice began:

High on the mountaintop A banner is unfurled.

Ye nations now look up, it waves to all the world.

In Deseret's sweet peaceful land. On

Zion's mount....

Maybe it was the breeze, maybe it was the day, maybe it was excitement, but that song wasn't harsh and unmusical but sweet and lyrical.

Again he read, edified by each new thought. He understood for the first

time the simple truth of why his father fed tramps and why his mother worked so hard to be neighborly. The UTAH OIL REFINING CO.

more momentous precepts like charity and service became understandable.

He realized much time had passed.

A glance at his watch revealed an hour and a half—a sacrament meeting.

Gone were the thoughts of despair and discouragement. He could see

the sun, feel the wind, and bask in the glory of a church service. It was

impossible to recall the problems he had found, for they had been dissolved.

From deep inside his soul the accompaniment sounded for his closFIT ing song

life's billows you are tempest FOR ACTION Whentossed,upon

When you are discouraged thinking all is;

lost, Count your many blessings, name them one

FINEST LEVISAMERICA'S OVERALL by one, 1650 SINCE And it will surprise you what the Lord has.

done. 342 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA If you glanced at his face and not his apparel, you might have mistaken him for an elder bowing his head to close a street meeting. His

was a face glorying in God.

"My Father in heaven, I wish to thank you for the lovely day and for the things you have given me. I ask

thee to bless my loved ones wherever they are that they may be protected.

Bless those at Panmunjon that they may be peacemakers. And thank thee,

Father, for all things. In the name

of Jesus Christ, Amen."

He opened his eyes—looked around

and up. On came his helmet, into

his pocket under the.45 he placed

the Book of Mormon. His countenance was bright, his mind clean as

he recalled, "When two or three are gathered together in my name, there

I am also..."he mused, "or even

if it's only one."

Then came the postlude

I know that my Redeemer lives,

What comfort this sweet sentence gives,

He lives, He lives, He lives!

My Father's Mansion

(Continued from page 313) again,"kept singing in her heart like a prayer.

When the train puffed out of the station, Martha leaned out of the window. Her handkerchief fluttered

in the breeze and through teardimmed eyes she could see the famtf&* ily waving. Soon they were mileson their way to Salt Lake City. s*sMartha sank heavily into her seat. *##**As the distance lengthened between jCva*"* **

her and her family and their home, a loneliness gripped her heart. There

was a conscious nagging within, for she knew that they were facing new and strange situations. It would take

a great deal of faith to learn a new language and to adjust themselves to another way of life. "Thy will be >

done, dear Father,"she prayed.

After the two weeks training in y Leftovers stay firstserving fresh. Baking,

Salt Lake City, Sam and Martha were "putting up"or cleaning up.-r. all are

sent with the others to their field of labor. It seemed a long journey by dope better or made easier with ZEE

train to New York, and there they emdouble Waxed Paper. For ZEE is waxed

barked on the S.S. America for Europe. clear through, is a heavierwaxed paper

New scenery and new experiences re-... gives food extra protection, saves

newed their spirits, and they began to realize their great responsibility. extra work. Look for ZEE in the handy

As the ship plowed the ocean foam "cutteredge"box.

their interest heightened. Then

came the thrill of once more being

CROWN 2ELLERBACH CORPORATION 1954 (Continued on following page)

MAY 1954 343 MY FATHERS MANSION

(Continued from preceding page) you know, Sam, it seems to me that BEST BUY on land but vastly different land is what we have done. We have no

this is Le Havre, France!"have gone back to wood stoves. This OF THE from"So American shores. refrigerator, no bathtub, no car, and

Martha cried. Then came the travel life in Switzerland is in the horse and

YEAR! overland.in Switzerland,By theMarthatime hadtheyfullyarrivedrebuggy days."

signed herself and was anxious to "Mark 16:15 Gehet hin in alle

begin the missionary work and learn Welt und prediget das Evangelium the German language. oiler Kreature."Martha could hardly

"Backward, turn backward, oh realize it was she who was sayingSYLVANIA time in your flight. Make me a child those words in German. She looked

just for tonight,"Martha said. "Do up with a twinkle in her eyes. TV

spirit of Ljettina i5u Jhe

Richard L. Evans

HThere is a spirit that blights and shrivels the human soul whenever it remains unchallenged and unchecked. For

want of better words, perhaps it could be called: "the spirit

of getting by"—of doing as little as possible, of giving as

little as possible, of working as little as possible. With young

21"CONSOLETTE people in school it is sometimes manifest in an attitude of

Highest Quality cutting corners and simply slipping through: in making a

SYLVANIA TELEVISION minimumas possible effortto acquireto staycreditwithforthetheclass;course;in studyingin being satisfiedas little

Mahogany or Blond Wood with a minimum passing mark without reaching out for the

Cabinet further knowledge that could be had with a little extra effort.

time there is that ample to suppose

it is that be done, ought to $229.95 Youngin the farpeoplefutureoftenfor seemall that and

See Smiling smart for the present simply to get by. And sometimes very

limited—somehave passed DON DILLINGHAM latetimestheyso latelearnthatthattheythemaydaysnotof seethisit lifeuntilarethey

For Sylvania with Halolight the peak and are looking down the other side of life. But it

INDIAN HILLS WARD isn't only among young people that this spirit has spread.

Its infection is felt much farther and is manifest among men in many ways. While the spirit of getting by, of slipping

DON DILLINGHAM CO. through, the spirit of working little and giving less may some273 South State times seem smart and popular and approved, there is a law

Salt Lake City, Utah that says that benefits and blessings are predicated upon performance. We only grow by growing; we only do by

doing—and he who shows a niggardly, unwilling nature,

he who refuses to grow as much as he should grow, to learn as much as he should learn, to do as well as he could do

The 1953 INDEX is he who holds back his best efforts, whatever he may be available. Send a 3c doing to others, is cheating first himself, and dwarfing himself

inside. Quite safely it may be said: He who is afraid of doing

stamp with your return too much, seldom does enough. "There is a law, irrevocably

address to decreed... upon which all blessings [and benefits] are

predicated,"1, and the spirit of slipping through, the spirit of simply getting by will rob us of the richest rewards.

The m. & G. 130:20.

T ERA Jke Spoken?en lAJordUWova FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

50 North Main Street PRESENTED OVERSYSTEM,KSL ANDMARCHTHE COLUMBIA14, 1954 BROADCASTING

Salt Lake City 1, Utah Copyright, 1954

344 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA mission our realize, Sam, you "Do

Idfar bridge baptism our last close will withhere tomorrow?""Yes, time passes by quickly when we are in the service of the Lord,"he rejoined. "We have made so many friends and learned much of the language."

"Yes, a smile and friendly handshake is a language everybody understands,"he exclaimed.

Sam and Martha were up early. It

was an important day in May. The

birds were singing, and flowers were blooming to make a perfect setting for the sacred ordinance.

Martha stood breathless when her husband led the little mother down into the waters of baptism. The peaceful influence that prevailed in the surroundings which seemed to envelopthem all, was the Spirit of God. See San Francisco

Then came the parting of the ways.

The little company who had witnessed ON YOUR WAY TO LOS ANGELES the baptismal service saw Martha and

Sam off on the train. As the train

puffed out of the station, Martha Take Southern Pacific's fine, fast Overland Route trains to with teardimmed eyes leaned out of San Francisco... stop off and visit this gay, cosmopolitan city...

the window and waved till they were then complete your trip to Los Angeles on S. P.'s California Dayout of sight. Then she sat down by light, the luxurious, scenic streamliner with the bargain coach

the side of her husband. fares! You'll see California's mountains and valleys, plus 113 miles

"Our mission is finished, Sam. It of beautiful Pacific surf.

is like leaving our own. Sister Scharff S. P.'s Daylights give you foam rubber reclining Chair Car

is such a lovely person and young to seats... huge picture windows... economical Coffee Shop...Tavern

be a widow with those three sweet Car for refreshments and congenial company. Your seat is reserved.

children. I never saw anyone so So the next time you go to Los Angeles, see the magic city

happy as she when we taught her of San Francisco—then see California by Daylight.

the gospel, especially the principle For information and reservations for your California trip, of eternal marriage and the hope of call at our Salt Lake City Ticket Office, or write T. E. Hewitt,

reunion wtih her husband and chilGeneral Agent, 14 South Main St., Salt Lake City 1.

dren. "Yes, that was a great help in her

AMERICA'S MOST MODERN TRAINS conversion to the gospel of Jesus

Christ."Sam looked tenderly into

the eyes of his wife. "The worth of

a soul is great,"he said.

"... For in my Father's house there See the quaint cable cars

are many mansions."and breathtaking hills

Sam gently stroked her hand and smiled contentedly.

Joy was singing in Martha's heart as the train sped on.

THIS MORNING

By Elaine V. Emails

is done I planned to do this Not all morning But there was time to give a little gift

And see the iridescent look adorning

A hummingbird and smell the perfume drift

From blooms, enjoy the hospitality

A neighbor offered; there was time to play

With tawny cat, to pause and read the three

Letters the postman brought me, and to pray, And name the things about you I adore.

Not all I planned to do, yet, strangely, more!

MAY 1954 345 Melchizedek Priesthood

Melchizedek Priesthood Teachers And Doctrine Classes

Revelation Commanding Priesthood Second: All Melchizedek Priesthood Thus, the General Authorities of

Holders to Study the Gospel groups are to hold doctrine classes the Church strongly urge that high one of the most remarkable reveweekly priests, seventies, and elders hold

Inlations received by the Saints in It is also a standing instruction in their separate doctrine classes weekly, the latter days, the Lord comthe Church for all groups of high for the purpose of studying the gospel manded the Melchizedek Priesthood priests, seventies, and elders where the of Jesus Christ.

holders to study diligently the gospel members of the quorums of the priestof Jesus Christ. This revelation, rehood live in more 'than one ward to FortyFive Minutes'Time to be

ceived on December 27, 1832, is hold priesthood doctrine class weekly, Allotted to the Weekly Doctrine known as the "Olive Leaf."As part and once each month hold a quorum Classes

other the at than hour some meeting therein, instructionsof contained the the of Authorities General The are schedmeetings the group time to following the declaredthe Master all presidencies stake and urge Church all of the quocases uled. In where holders of the priesthood Church:the all to bishoprics weekly the arrange single reside within a rum members

And I give unto you a commandment ward, one of the regular weekly meetpriesthood meetings so that all Melwill classes be Priesthood chizedek shallthat teach one you another doctrine the busifor a ings be used quorum may of the kingdom. least fortyfive at minprovided with other while the meeting weekly ness ye diligently Teach grace shall and my to the study to utes devote each week will to studying be devoted meetings attend you, that instructed you be may preas of Christ of the gospel Jesus perfectly in theory, in in principle,more preChrist, of as the gospel Jesus

doctrine, in the law of the gospel, in all scribed in the official course of study. scribed in the Melchizedek Priestthings that pertain the unto kingdom of High Priests, Seventies, and Elders hood course of study. are for expedientGod, that to underyou

stand; Are Advised to Hold Their Quorum Presidencies Advised Not

Of things both in heaven and in the Priesthood Doctrine Classes to Use Weekly Doctrine Class earth, things the earth; and under which

are, things thingshave been, which which Separately Instruction Time for Business

Furthermore, it is recommended shortly to pass; things whichmust come

group, sevenPresidents of Melchizedek Priestthat every high priests'are at things are abroad; home, which

the wars and the perplexities of the naties'group, and elders'group, that has hood quorums should remember that tions, and the judgments which are on the at least five or six or more members class instruction time of the weekly also of countries a and land; knowledge and be should not priesthood meetings living in its group hold a ward of kingdoms conout notices used for giving and separate other Melfrom meetings all faith, as seek ye dilihave not And

gently and teach one another words of chizedek Priesthood groups. In other ducting business which should be prewisdom; yea, seek ye out of the best books words, it is inadvisable for the sevensented on other occasions. In fact,

learning, even by seekwords of wisdom; are held meetings which quorum ties to the elders'classes into to the go

(D. andstudy also by faith. & C. 88:7779, primarily are business meetmonthly is it instructions; desirable receive nor 118.) ings; far as possible as and quorum seventies'to for elders the the go into

Melchizedek Priesthood Doctrine classes. Neither is it for the best good presidents should carry forward all

Classes of all concerned for those groups to quorum business during the regular

First: Prescribed course of study to unite with the high priests. Only in monthly quorum meetings. Compehe followed cases where there are fewer than five tent teachers should present the lesActing in accordance with the members of a Melchizedek Priesthood sons and be given sufficient time to

foregoing commandment, the First group living in a certain ward would do so.

Presidency of the Church and their it be advisable for them to unite with Bishoprics Advised Not to Infringe associates, the other General Authoriother Melchizedek Priesthood groups On Melchizedek Priesthood Classties, have throughout the past years in studying the gospel. Instruction Timeprepared courses of study to be purAmong the reasons for such a rule

sued diligently by Latterday Saints is that it will greatly increase the atIn order that the priesthood quoholding the holy Melchizedek Priesttendance and activities of each Melrums and groups may not be robbed hood. Continuously, instructions have chizedek group and quorum by holdof any of their class instruction time,

been for Melchizedek Priesthood ing their classes separate from each it is suggested that bishops restrict members to study carefully and faithother. Also, it would develop more the opening exercises of priesthood

fully the prescribed course of study leadership in each of the various meetings to a minimum in length.

and not go off on tangents by creating groups of elders, seventies, and high Business items should be dispatched or selecting their own courses of priests by holding their own separate quickly. Bishops should remember

study. It is very important that a meetings and not riding on the shoulnot to take too much time in giving

uniformity be maintained throughout ders of other Melchizedek Priesthood out notices and in discussing matters the Church. groups. of a general nature, for by doing so

346 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA they thereby deprive the priesthood first, he should be an individual who missionary work and could well inmembers of time which should be has a strong testimony of the gospel; clude teaching the gospel of Jesus

devoted to the study of the gospel second, he should be a man who has Christ to priesthood holders. Thereof Jesus Christ in the classrooms. The the ability to instil faith in the hearts fore, any man who is fortunate

fact is recognized that bishops have of the priesthood holders and not enough to be appointed to teach a a certain amount of business which place there skepticism and doubt; Melchizedek Priesthood class has the

must be presented in the weekly third, he should be a studious person stupendous responsibility of guiding priesthood meetings; nevertheless, the who will make thorough preparation class members along the pathway of

suggestion is made that only those of the lessons; fourth, he should be light and truth, a pathway which

problems that pertain to those in at- a dependable man who will attend leads one back to the presence of God.

tendance be considered in the priestpriesthood meeting every time or Second: Teachers must have an

hood meeting and other problems prehave a substitute teacher (well preabundance of faith sented at their appropriate time and pared) there in case he cannot atExcept a man have an abiding faith place. Bishops should be extremely tend: fifth, he should be a man who in the restored gospel of Jesus Christ

conscious of the value of time and is living the gospel so his teachings and in all the revelations and heaventhe importance of the gospel lessons will be by example as well as by ly visitations pertaining thereto, he which have been prepared for the precept and thereby be effective in will fail in his calling as a teacher in

Melchizedek Priesthood classes. the lives of the priesthood holders; a priesthood class. What should be

sixth, he should be a man who loves the focal center of that faith? It

Bishoprics Advised Not to Use teaching and is at heart a natural should be faith in the Lord Jesus

Class Instruction Time for Ward teacher; seventh, he should be a man Christ, that he is indeed the Savior

Teachers'Report Meetings who is sound in judgment and in his of the world, and the only name doctrinal conceptions, and thus he given under heaven whereby men

In certain wards, the custom has will be a man who will not teach can receive salvation and come back been established of holding a ward false doctrine. Quorum presidencies into the presence of the eternal Creteachers'report meeting on one Sunshould guard against false doctrine ator; also, faith in the fact that the

day each month during the time being taught in the priesthood classes. Father and Son appeared to the boy

which should be devoted to the studyProphet and through that appearance ing of the gospel of Jesus Christ by Suggestions to the Teachers opened the last dispensation of the the priesthood groups or quorums. It gospel; again, faith in all the words

is advised that such a practice be disFirst: Teachers assignment of great of God which have come to us through

continued. Certain reasons make importance the mouths of the holy prophets from

in a teacher Melchizedek To be a In the inappropriate. practice a such to the of Father days the Adam

is class doctrine one of the Priesthood first place, of the priesthood some successors, and his Prophet Joseph members may not be ward teachers important callings in the Church. including our present prophet, seer,

ago, years when a hundred than More they therefore, no particuhave and, and revelator, President David O.

gospel restoring true the God was In meeting. report in the interest lar to McKay.

the second place and of vital imearth through the Prophet Joseph ft is this dynamic faith which serves that marvel- "a announced Smith, he the takes practice a portance, such in teaching. Reforce motivating as a

... to about come ous was work a once month class instruction time teacher of a learned may gardless how

of children the men,"forth among Priesthood Melchizedek from away or his vocabulary, extensive be, how of the worth emphasized human and it impossimaking thereby members, or his philosophical profound how the of souls. that declared one He prethe to complete for ble them if not have training, does scientific he

scribed course of study. It is recommost worthwhile works that any one a sincere faith in the facts heretomended, therefore, that ward teachers'could be engaged in was to teach fore mentioned, his teachings become

report meetings be held on some occathe plan of salvation to mankind. shallow and lifeless. Insincerity. or

sion other than at the time that MelThis declaration certainly includes lack of faith on the part of the teacher chizedek Priesthood members are supcan immediately be recognized by the posed to be studying the course of class members; and that lack of faith

study outlined for them. in the teacher has the effect of killing faith in those who are being

Teachers of Melchizedek President McKay says: taught. Remember the warning given

Priesthood Doctrine Classes The strength of Zion rests in the by the Savior: "It were better for

First: Selecting the Teachers authority of each individual who him that a millstone were hanged

The quorum presidencies should seholds the priesthood. Each man is about his neck, and he be cast into

lect the teachers of their classes with responsible for that authority he the sea, than that he should offend great care. The bestqualified men holds, responsible to magnify it. one of these little ones."(See Matt.

as teachers in the various quorums You who hold the priesthood and 18:6.)

and groups should be assigned to that sense that divine authority and are Each man who serves as a teacher work. partakers of the divine authority—if in. a Melchizedek Priesthood doctrine

Second: Qualifications of the teachyou live true to it and magnify that class should be in heart and soul, in

er priesthood—I say to you that the every speech and act, the very essence

Following are a few suggestive gates of hell cannot prevail against of that faith which caused our Morqualifications that a man should have you. mon ancestors to suffer persecutions,

their homes four who is assigned to be a teacher of a—President David O. McKay to be driven from

Melchizedek Priesthood doctrine class: Gospel Ideals, p. 183 (Concluded on page 355)

MAY 1954 347 r- / JL 2pm ST '-H: w-i jfSf;'0 mPresiding

Duties of Ordained Teachers "\TS7e have been asked to itemize the fill any assignment as teacher, which assignments which may properly they formerly filled as a deacon, when be given to ordained teachers. so assigned by those in authority.

We must not begin on the premise 2. That they be faithful as junior

that, when a deacon is advanced to companions with senior companions teacher, he has been graduated from from the Melchizedek Priesthood in his former duties and responsibilities. ward teaching.

We should never forget that advance- 3. That ushering in the meetinghouse

ment in the priesthood simply increases be done faithfully and efficiently.

serve. obligations to Priesthoodour the prepare to asked be may 4. They

asresponsibilities are "cumulative"we clean thereon placing table, sacrament office to anthereinadvance from one filled trays, bread bread linens, and other; always they diminish; they never

the card conin trays, and water cups increase, cumulatively.

prayers. sacrament the taining

is teacher Therefore, ordained an under the same obligation to pass the 5. They may be assigned to take care

sacrament, when asked by those in auof the properties of the sacrament servthority, as he was when he was a deaice after the meeting, cleaning and storcon. It is the same with a priest, elder, ing them in full readiness for their next

seventy, or high priest. use.

Our first step in coping with the 6. Serve on committees (1) for inteacher's problem is to give no countecreasing attendance, (2) for quorum soGaylin Alvin Schofield

nance to any feeling that he is relieved, cials, (3) for combined Aaronic Priestin any measure, from his responsibilities hood socials. Challenging Record

offered suggestions are a few These in any as are not sound a deacon. We

to our (* aylin, now a priest in the Grandview help they may be for whatever effective that among work assumption ordained teachers imposes the necessity leaders. Ward, Wilford (Utah) Stake, was

for "make work"projects in priesthood We emphasize again that we must not ordained a deacon November 7, 1948 hundred per- a one maintained has cannot and teachers that ordained other assume If any proceed on work. we

and at priesthood record unless attendance cent program * in this interested end. be will dead a premise, come to we

Then what may we ask of our orthere is "something new"offered simulsacrament meeting since his ordination.

dained teachers? taneously with their advancement from In 1950, Gaylin accompanied his par-

1. That they cheerfully and willingly deacons to teachers. ents to Denver for a vacation on the

understanding they would return in time for him to keep his attendance record at the one hundred percent level.

Who Is Your Ward Teacher? No Exceptions Made Here is a splendid example of cooperation between parents and son.

STTho is your ward teacher?"sugIn Award Requirements

gests you have probably answered the question when you mention A deacon graduating from Primary, or his name. But your ward teacher is a convert to the Church, may earn leaders Urged

more than a person, else anyone could the individual Aaronic Priesthood award be so designated. between the date of ordination and To Read Handbook

basis. rata pro a 31 on December all, bears first of teacher, ward Your for exceptions any other are no There is difficult to the from know, not Tt aupriesthood His priesthood. the a to young as Explanations why reason. that answer, to questions have we implications forceful carries the thority unnecesare qualify quite did not man are leaders stakes ward and some many friend, teacher, a a to be worthiness of

is the always the since answer full of use the handbook. not making exemplar. flock, an of the keeper a must requirements minimum cases, quesall the answer In almost we same—thesary measuring teacher, when ward Your months of twelve basis a the on met be to reference the tion then make and

is loving, kind, responsibilities, his to up average. the in answer the where handbook page

loypatient, understanding, sympathetic, one the is concerning true also This is found.

gossip, lightminded- is to al, given not attendance percent hundred seal—no in time spend stake committees Some is trustworthy, speaking. evil ness, He since no exare necessary explanations restudying council and meeting each faithful. dependable, honest, will made. be ceptions handbook. the viewing your of to expect this Is too much without this procedure follow We the thing bishoprics do same Many sets It depends teacher? who on ward in which as we the only variation way council or meetings during one more heavenly our not standards. the Does all concerned. fair to equally be may month. each those of things these require Father

who would teach? Which of the aboveSome enterprising bishoprics allow

named virtues do you think the Lord excuse for failing to do our best in time for this worthwhile procedure durwould delete? measuring up to these standards. ing Part Three of the ward Aaronic

We are all human, of course, but we Your ward teacher is no exception Priesthood leadership meeting each should not use this fact as a crutch, an neither are those whom he teaches. month.

348 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. Palmer

Bishoprics Page

Aaronic Priesthood Under 21 J, mverdam Ljreet,ina5 from the lre5ldenciA Senior Members, Aaronic Priesthood

Common Objectives of the Mlaronic juriedtkooa Not to Be Overlooked \T7hile the program for Aaronic Priest- 'T'here are 129,277 deacons, teachers, and priests in the stakes of Zion. hood under 21 and the program

Working with this vast army of Aaronic Priesthood bearers are apfor senior members of the Aaronic proximately 2700 stake leaders and approximately 26,500 ward leaders. Priesthood are separate, one from the

To all bearers of the Aaronic Priesthood and to all stake and ward other, there are two common objectives, leaders in both Aaronic Priesthood programs, we send our greetings as among many, which should never be we commemorate (May 15, 1954) the one hundred and twentyfifth annioverlooked.

versary of the restoration of the Aaronic Priesthood. Leaders in both programs are under

We are grateful for our association with you in these great priesthood obligation to assist each other in every programs and for your examples of fidelity and devotion to the work of possible way (1) in seeing to it that the Lord. all young men bearing the Aaronic

THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC Priesthood are kept worthy to receive the Melchizedek Priesthood at the age of 19 years, (2) that every senior member of the Aaronic Priesthood is activated and eventually ordained to the

Melchizedek Priesthood.

These two common objectives are sufficient to require the combined interest of all our leaders during Part Two of the ward Aaronic Priesthood leadership meeting each month.

There is no good reason why ward leaders should not be interested in both objectives. Father of these and common

1, Total relationships often alone son make up New Award Records To April1954 Year Last assistance between for mutual the need

Being Established Individual Awards 13,148 15,183 and among leaders in both programs

Stake Awards 6 5 a senior member of the Aaronic PriestTo indicate our progress,'we list the Ward Awards 275 266 hood has a son in the program for those number of awards approved by the 100% seals 1,293 1,163 under 21 and vice versa, for instance.

Presiding Bishopric during January, We are looking forward to the greatMore cooperation will add zest to the

February, and March 1954 and the total est year on record in our Aaronic Priestward Aaronic Priesthood leadership number approved last year as follows: hood program. meeting.

MINIDOKA (IDAHO) STAKE HOLDS YOUTH BANQUET AND DANCE

More than four hundred Aaronic Priesthood bearers and young mented the evening's theme, "A Rainbow of Ideals."The multiwomen of corresponding ages, together with their leaders, were colored rainbows indicated standards as follows: white for purity,

guests of the Presidency of the Minidoka Stake in their annual canary for cleanliness, blue for honesty, lavender for humility, banquet and dance for young people. and red for courage.

Note (I) the rainbows on tables and (2) replicas of the Church It was emphasized that the living of these standards would temples in the center of the tables. These decorations conipleprepare young people for temple marriage.

MAY 1954 349 and it did not take long to dry the

HANDCARTS WESTWARD bedding and clothing.

During breakfast someone called (Continued from page 319) a parklike place. "I didn't think I out, "The horses!"

to ache,"Mrs. muscles so many hair."nice Tolliver'sSister gray He had of out hobbling they were There grassy bank. the sank onto Garson just in time to hear again backwas

hill. sight, a "Run, nearby over

to elderly ready ladythe making rope,"trailing catch the boys, run, over, were some and was Cupper secret, a darkdivulge Oregon "The Branton's captain. called the Widow for preparing a gust bed when as aren't not so bad, butemigrants minute. after in Bill a them son was It of followed up. wind came was to Zion. going children as God'sgood trailing rope, of bridle the a Making flash whirling a of lightning by and to Caligoing diggers goldBut those horses of the one he caught of rain. the night sheets All thunder

all back into camp.fornia—well, that's a different story."bellowed, and toward morning the came driving them and

Lowering her voice she continued, rain became more peaceful and final- "Some broke their hobbles and "They are sons of Satan!"ly ended just in time for the camp some are galled from running in fetThe first night camp was made in to arise. The sun came out warm, ters,"he said.

All eyes were upon Captain Willie, for they knew his tender feelings for the stock. He in turn was looking at the wouldbe guard of the

horses. "You will be relieved of your responsibility, Adolf. We'll have

trusty guards."He said just that,

and no more. But he held no

grudge and soon remarked, "Come,

Adolf, boy, finish your breakfast.

You're probably hungry after the chase."The campfires, dying down to glowing embers, would soon be ashes.

Their wagons and carts were hardly under way when a Californiabound wagon passed them. The driver was

expressing himself rather vehemently, "We'll kill every—red man on the

plains, the—thieving varmints!"

The children stood wideeyed in

For a Growing their"Youtracks.are a son of Satan!"retorted

Jerry before Pamela who stood by, to her clap over a chance had hand Student Body—it late; too the his mouth. But was

Science Building, the finest one of school words were out. Like a flash he was

laboratory buildings nation. in the

diving into the nearest wagon box, A Growing for he had seen a long whip sailing through the air and all but licking BYU Campus his bare feet. But the tension was

over in a second, for the man gufbeen have new buildings Many fawed loudly, "I guess the kid's right are being constructed and more planned to accommodate the fastat that!"

growing student body at B.Y.U., "Ma,"said Polly, "I'll swear that

is ever all the losing he manners apartment One of 16 new world boy the members Church nearly housing 1000 women students.buildings as hardly are out before had we look to B.Y.U. as over THEIR

CHURCH UNIVERSITY. civilization."of

They know that here they can "It is harder on them than on us,"learn not only how to make a livGrandma Tolliver answered.

ing but also how to live. There

is room for you at the Church "They don't have enough to do,"

University. Plan now to attend. explained Mrs. Saunders. "Jerry

loves to fix things for the wagon but

Write the registrar for informathat takes only a little while each construction Building McKay now under tion. offices. 110 38 classrooms, will add day."

Brigham Young University silentlyBut Pollynotingwasn'tthatlistening,Allan wasshe getwas

PROVO—UTAH ting browner and more manly every

day. 350 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA What was Florence, Nebraska, and his care. One of them, a pretty And I get weakhearted at the idea of

now part of Omaha, was called "Winblond girl from the Cornwall coast, hunger and starvation. It is someter Quarters"by the first contingent strolled with her friend, a sandy thing deeprooted in me. We were

of pioneers under Brigham Young. complexioned young woman named very poor before you moved to our

Arriving at this place, Captain Willie Hetty Thompson. They chatted coast. Pa earned a slim living by

said, "The Authorities in Salt Lake about their home in England. salvaging seaweed and selling it for

City have made arrangements for us "Are you really glad to be taking fertilizer. In winter the waves beat

to stock up with provisions here. It this trip, Celia?"in great violence clear up to our

is the last frontier town before enter- "Why, yes, Hetty. The gospel is cottage or I should say hovel. Someing the real wilds of the west."Then a light to my soul. You don't look times we had very little to eat, and

members of the company immediately so pert today, honey. What is our fuel would run out and leave us

began the task of mending handcarts. troubling you?"cold as well as hungry. Even that

In the evening there was a meeting "I, too, believe in the gospel, but wasn't so bad, but for years ma lived terror in fear that our house would beof the leaders and other men of the the fact is I live in dread—yes,

company. Discussions arose as to—of the cold of these wastelands. (Continued on following page)

the advisability of continuing on to the valley, or making of the place another "Winters Quarters,"and remaining until spring. Big, kindly

Millen Atwood, assistant to the captain, spoke thoughtfully, "It is the if all of goes August, andmiddle well, iv&*srr before City in Salt will Lake bewe the snow flies."11 VO

"But if not, no telling what will happen,"Elder Levi Savage, who was returning from a mission to Siam and Vlusi Co* a-"8*Ceylon, quickly rejoined. He then ani

proceeded to depict unhesitatingly the hazards that might be encountered this late in the season. None had.ssettbeen over this route as many times as he had, or knew it so well. S<>

The Church was built on the prin- >* 0*** 'aciple of free agency and common cones sent. All important matters were wd*

brought before the body of the

Saints. The result of the vote was,

"Move on to the valley with, all possible speed."'JSSr"'****

Elder Savage spoke final words, "What I have said, I know to be true, but seeing that you are to go onward,

I will go with you; I will help you

all I can; I will work with you, and,

if necessary, die with you. May God ELECTRONIC ORGANS

in his mercy bless and preserve us."

A solemn silence fell on the members assembled. The words were

aweinspiring, and Pamela heard Andrew Smith of the quaint little town of Linister in the glens of Ayrshire,

Scotland, who had charge of one company, say, "These words should be preserved in the archives of time expressions the beautifulalong with M loyaltyof to mother Ruth's Naomi."

"Archives, what an impressive word; I must write it down in my THE BALDWIN PIANO COMPANY, De P t. ie54 Cincinnati 2, Ohio

little black book,"Pamela said.

Flimsy was a word frequently used BUILDERS OF: BALDWIN GRAND PIANOS ACROSONIC SPINET PIANOS

these days in referring to the handcarts. Andrew Smith had cut up a HAMILTON VERTICAL PIANOS BALDWIN AND ORGASONIC ELECTRONIC ORGANS

whole ox hide into strips to tie together the carts of the women under

MAY 1954 351 HANDCARTS WESTWARD

(Continued from preceding page) school, but these dreads remain. I

washed into the ocean with us in it. hope to overcome or outgrow them."

She never said as much, but a child It was the morning of the second has a way of knowing. She tried not of September. A heavy, driving rain

to worry me. O don't misunderhad been falling. Some of the comstand me, I had a happy childhood pany were already awake when the

for the most part and loved the bold guard announced, "Thirty of our cliff scenery, and as I grew older, I best cattle and milk cows have been helped Pa and we became well driven off by the Indians."

enough off for me to go away to (Continued on page 354)

(cnsncnvxdsSv

Jke )ccened oue J>wMivv Richard L. Evans

In the ultimate sense no man and no set of circumstances NEW can keep another man from what he has earned. As

Large'Print Emersontime betweenobserved:[us] and"Personsjustice, andbut iteventsis onlymaya postponement.stand for a

[We] must pay at least [our] own debt"1—and, it should be

added, we shall certainly at last, or sooner, receive ourFamily BIBLE merited reward. And with life passing so swiftly, some of

large, with Moroccobound disthese socalled "ultimate"eventualities come sooner than print, this tinct letterperfect

Bible will serve young and old we suppose. If we have approached or passed the halfway

a treasured readers and remain content. mark of the "normal"life of man, it is probable that few who both form and book in

$19.50 were as old as we are now, when we were in our youngest

Thumb Indexed Edition—$20.50 years, are still living in this life. A generation has passed

within our remembrance. And those who are now young,

LargePrint will,For dramaticsooner thanevidencethey suppose,of it, turnseebackanotherto a schoolgenerationyearbookpass.

of three decades or more ago, or turn to an old directory or an old group picture, and see how many already are among Quadruple the missing. Thumb through old names in the news, and

Combination seeA sequencehow manyfromhaveHamletalreadysuggestsgone thethe Wayessencethatof allthemensubjectgo.

Book of Mormon, Doctrine and as the queen said to ber brooding son: "Do not for ever with

Price, Covenants, Pearl father vailed lids seek for thy noble which in the dust"—to Bible the comthy in a and—ofallGreat

lost, lost father that father a father; the king added: "Your edition, beautifully pact family

bound in leather and gold stamplost his."2 These sentences from Shakespeare suggest the

ed. Large, readable type. $27.50 swiftly moving mortal scene, the entrance of men from the

off stage of the premortal past, across the lighted opening of life, and off into the wings of the eternities to come. The

only rewarding way for mortal man to live is to live for peace

of life is to know and do and keep the commandments. Deseret wayand the assurance of eternal life and purpose. The rewarding

The hard way, the unhappy way, is to run counter to conBOOK CO. science and counter to the commandments. The scenes move

swiftly; the coarser worldly pleasures satisfy little and last

DESERET BOOK COMPANY not long. And as the stage, the setting, and the plots remain

44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah essentially the same, the players play brief parts and then

Enclosed books. following the send Please

order move on to eternal scenes and settings, to be assigned the find: ( ) check ( will ) money you

( ) charge to my account for $ parts that they have prepared themselves to play, according

Quantity TITLE Price to their deeds and desires.

Emerson, Essays on Compensation.

Shakespeare, Hamlet, Act 1, Scene 2.

Jke Spoken Word FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, MARCH 21, 1954 City Zone. State Copyright, 1954

Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax.

352 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA paint by PABCO

... and it's so nice to know

that these colors have the

durability to hold

their fashion -freshness.

&S&S \

PAINT -ROOFING -SIDING. ONLY PABCO COORDINATES ALL THREE!

PABCO PRODUCTS, INC. SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA

MAY 1954 353 Handcarts Westward

(Continued from page 352) Colleen Branton looked helplessly at her sleeping brood, now deprived of the lifegiving fluid from the brindle cow, Betsy.

Brother Andrew Smith and Joseph

Elder were selected to remain behind and hunt for the stolen stock. They

found them and made a heroic attempt to get them back, but only by riding hard for two hours did they escape with their lives.

One day the company came upon mutilated bodies which were recognized as members of the Colonel

Babbit party which had passed them on the road. The colonel was not

with the party at the time, but was later slain by the Cheyennes.

With this event hardly out of their minds they saw a lonely man approaching. His eyes were sunken and

lines deeply etched his face.

"I'm the only one of the Thomas

Margetts company who escaped,"he

The NEW CURTIS Convertible Window gasped. "Mrs. Margetts was taken

captive after the redmen killed her easy to clean inside or outside husband and baby."

shook his slowly Willie Captain the window What's new—about different—what's Margetts,"he murmured. "Phil units which can be combined head, Just this: it's made of separate you see here?

in almost unlimited variety to provide practically any style of window Looking kindly at the man before

Curtis Silentite of ventilation! The kind arrangement—any is your name, sir?"window entirely an new idea in window represents beauty—Convertiblewindow him"Andhe asked,what

comfort! Best of all, these Curtis windows are priced for modest budgets! "Henry Banichter,"came the anMORRISON-MERRILL & CO. swer. {To be continued)

Building Materials Distributors

When Shall I Marry??

(Continued from page 307) in the mate selection of its youthful members and does much to assist them in making this important decision.

The missionary system provides opportunity for the development of independence. A returned missionary or a person who has been away

from home to attend school usually has less difficulty adjusting to marriage than one who has not. Two

or more years away from home should aid the youth to be prepared to make the complete break later at the time of marriage. The scriptures say, "But

from the beginning of the creation

God made them male and female.

"For this cause shall a man leave his father and mother, and cleave to his wife;

"And they twain shall be one flesh:

so then they are no more twain, but 354 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA one flesh."(Mark 10:6-8.) Thus the

scriptures make plain that independence from parents is necessary.

Again, the Church lays a great Where Something's Always deal of emphasis upon the enjoyment of the home. It is suggested that

each family observe home night. Such

a practice fosters understanding andfellowship in the home. COOKING

When young men and women are ready for marriage, they should be strong and pure and ready to enter into this holy union for time and eternity. Their friendship and courtEverywhere in the Intermountain West, The Salt

ship should have been wholesome. Lake Tribune is one of the important keys to

Their ideal should be to contribute their all to the rearing of a large, better life and better living. On the farm and in

happy, successful family which is the cities, The Tribune conveys new ideas that devoted to the building up of rightmean lighter burdens and new, wholesome variety eousness in this world and in the every day. Wise housewives look to The Tribune

world to come.

All these and many other factors daily for new recipes to please their families and new should be prayerfully considered ideas to lighten household duties. News for homewhen answering the question, "When makers is just one of the outstanding daily features of

should I marry?"Marriage is too

the newspaper that binds together the Intermounimportant to be considered hurriedly or lightly. Young people will do well tain West.

to approach these problems sincerely, earnestly, and hopefully. Happiness

is a reward to the deserving and does not grow out of emotional excitement.

Live and prepare for happiness which One of America's Great Newspapers comes from participation in a happy, healthy, Latterday Saint home.

Melchizedek Priesthood

(Concluded from page 347) or five times, and to migrate westward more than a thousand miles and establish an empire in the heart of the great western desert.

Furthermore, the teacher, through humility, prayer, and righteous living, should gain for himself that sublime faith which is more powerful than wealth, worldly knowledge, or exalted position; and through that faith will

come a motivating force in his teaching which will cause those whom he This panel of Blue Ridge instructs to know for a surety that Doublex Glass gives a he is proclaiming the words of eternal cheerful, sparkling declife, that he is a teacher of that light orative effect, without and truth which brings everlasting sacrifice of light.

joy to those who accept it. Patterned Glass adds

Third: Teachers must keep the charm and smartness in

commandments your home or office.

Last but not least in importance, And—Decorative Glass

a teacher of a Melchizedek Priesthood is practical, transmits light is NOT class should keep all the commandexpensive.

ments proclaimed in the restored gospel of Jesus Christ in order that his teachings might ring true and be 65 W. First South21st South & 2nd West

effective in the lives of the class memand Bennett's Branches throughout thebers. Intermountain Country. \SjiAAAuiXEL

MAY 1954 355 IRIS PARKER Editor

m Mexican Corn Bread

1 can cream style corn 1 cup yellow corn meal.#$$** y41 eggcup sweet milk

Y2 teaspoon salt l/2 teaspoon soda J/3 cup melted shortening 1 can (or more) green chili, cut up

EDITOR'S NOTE 1/4 pound grated American cheese

Katherine Sarah Brown Mecham the first white born in Mix all ingredients to a smooth batter. was baby

Colonia Chuichupa, Chihuahua, one Spread onehalf batter in greased 8 by of the Mormon colonies in the 8 by 2-inch pan. Cover completely

Sierra Madre Mountains of Old with green chili and sprinkle with

Mexico. family driven was Her

of at the grated cheese. Add remainder of batter the time from Mexico

Revolution in 1912 and settled in and sprinkle liberally with cheese. Bake

the Mesa Valley in Arizona. at 400 for 30 minutes.

She is the wife of Lucian M.

instructor an was Mecham, Jr.. who

of Stake Tamale Pie the Juarez and principal

Juarez. in Colonia Academy He was

schools of the in \y2 pounds ground beef superintendent >W thewas coloniescalled to forpresideeightoveryears.the MexHe V22 tablespoonspound groundgroundpork chili powder

ican Mission from 1950 to 1953. 1 teaspoon salt

their are home They now making juice 1 pint tomato Kate Mecham Mexico. in Farmington, New

garlic cloves, 2 minced the power seen has (as Kate she is most often called) Mecham of prayer demonstrated in healings and felt its power. She has 1 large onion, chopped

a strong testimony of the gospel. 2 quarts yellow corn meal mush made

Her hobbies are gardening, handwork, sewing, and cooking. with meat stock or plain water, salt,

The Mechams have three sons, three daughters, and eighteen and drippings grandchildren.

have just been set They apart as local mission presidents of the Fry ground meat a few minutes. Add Stake. Mexico) Young (New

onion, salt, and garlic, and cook until onion is tender. Add chili powder and

mix well. Add tomato juice and enough

water to make thin so it can simmer down on a low fire twenty to thirty minutes. Alternate layers of mush and

meat mixture in a casserole dish and set in a larger pan of water to bake for one hour at 350. Serve with following sauce.

Rate Mecham's Specialties Are Mexican Tamale Pie Sauce

2 tablespoons drippings or shortening

1 flour tablespoon

1Beinggivesa onemissiona chancemotherto beina hostess,Mexico wasthe missionaries;a fair amountsheof hadsicknessa placeamongto small clove of garlic, finally chopped

a Church officer, a marketing care for them. The maid in the misChili powder (to taste)

expert, a tour director, a nurse, and sion home, a young Mexican girl, Dash of salt always a cook,"says Kate B. Mecham, did not have an evening gown to wear Tomato juice and beef stock (or

who endeared herself to all who to the Gold and Green Ball. Sister water)

served in or visited the Mexican MisMecham and one of the other women Melt fat and add flour; don't brown.

sion in the three and onehalf years made a lovely dress for seasonings. Then add enough toher—green Add

she and her husband, Lucian M. taffeta trimmed with pink roses. mato juice and beef stock (or water)

Mecham, Jr., presided over it. She There are countless examples of to make a thin sauce. Serve over hot

tamale pie.loved every minute of it, too—workher kind heart, her great love of the

ing in the Relief Society, shopping for gospel, her ability to make a "home Johnny Mezzetti food at the colorful market, holding away from home"for anyone, but perpetual "open house."They never it is her culinary skill which particu- (Main dish for buffet supper for 20)

knew, at the mission home in Mexico larly interests us at this time; we are 214 pounds ground beef

City, just how many would be there pleased to pass on to you some of 1 green pepper, chopped for any meal, but she was preSister Mecham's favorite recipes, both \y2 large chopped dried onions pared to feed any number. There Mexican and American. (Concluded on page 358)

356 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

4??"*

the special So&ne&S cfi facial qua\ky -tu/iVi-p/y OvutChiffon TwinPly Tissues... multirinsed in

pure Cascade snow water for added softness... greater purity... extra absorbency..

especially made for particular people.

Sabj Sb-f*. Angel pure.TvJlSl'Ptf'Ticcas W/cfc

Crown Zellerbach Corporation 1954

MAY 1954 357 MilkRich Know (ConcludedYour IDSfromCookspage 356)

1 head celery, chopped 2 cloves garlic 1 small can mushrooms 1 cup chili sauceTABLE QUEEN BREAD 3 cans tomato soup 1 can arturo sauce (if available) pimento can stuffed olives gives you %4 ounces 3 pounds noodles more FOOD VALUE Braise1 poundgarlicgratedin cheesea little fat. Remove

and braise meat. In another pan braise

pepper, green and onions, mushrooms, for your money sauce, tomato celery. Then add chili

soup, and arturo sauce. Boil noodles

in saltseasoned water till tender and

Each Pound Contains add to vegetables. Add sliced olives and

the nonfat milk diced pimento for color. Simmer for

solids of fifteen minutes. Mix all together and

put in casserole. Top with grated cheese

7 OUNCES OF MILK and bake ten minutes at 350.

Sour Cream Fudge Cake

3 eggs iy4 cups sugar Pinch of salt 1 teaspoon vanilla 1 cup thick sour cream l!/4 cups flour

3 tablespoons cocoa 1 teaspoon soda

Separate eggs and beat egg whites until stiff. Add sugar and beat five

minutes. Add egg yolks, salt, vanilla,

and cream. Sift flour and cocoa together and add to egg mixture. Combine soda with 1 tablespoon hot water,

and add to batter. Pour into two greased

8-inch layer tins and bake at 375 for 45 minutes. Use sour cream, powdered

sugar, vanilla filling.

Orange Drink

2 cups orange juice 2 tablespoons grated orange rind 4 tablespoons lemon juice 2 cups sugar 4 cups water

Dissolve sugar in water. Add other

ingredients and freeze to mush. When

ready to serve, fill glasses onehalf to twothirds full and finish filling with gingerale.

r evaporated 358 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PRIZE GARDEN, EGYPTIAN

STYLE zrMi by Justin M. Smith

Mrs.UtahIrenemaintainsW. King,that,of "ToBoulder,stir

up the men, you must stir up the women first."And she is continually stirring people up to good

works, as the improvements in her isolated community bear witness.

Knowing that the men would hear %*. f ';/S*w...-*#/ sCAK 1 1 I

about it afterward, she arranged for a conservationist to lecture to the Relief Society. She had heard of written

records of irrigation in the valley of the Nile River since before the tima of Abraham; and that now more than

one thousand people each square mile live there—the most dense populationof any agricultural country on the w

earth. The Egyptians have achieved

all perirrigating their landsthis by fit erothe flatfectly been no so there has sion of their soil. In fact, there is

a fraction of an inch of silt from the irrigation water left on their fields gift for mot year.each

w: Belle Sharmeer legsi?e|stock

LULLABY OF THE WIND By Ruth K. Kent

Whatever her leg type, mother wants to * I 'he songs that whisper in the depth of look glamorous in the most flattering * night nylons obtainable. And, with the

rolling hills of theAcross ripening grain perfect fit of Belle Sharmeers, she'll footsteps past of aAre gentle dimming

That tread my wakefulness in calm disget greater beauty, and longer wear as dain... Well. Delightful colors of Heathermist,

step a to keep, aEach memory, dream Parasol, Pebblestone or Wedgewood,

. voice.. I a song Each. Remembering,

sleep. sheer 15deniers |95

ZCMI HOSIERYStieet Floor So if the "Land of the Pharaohs"duchess 9V? to um

is not a barren waste after more than modite—S'/2 to 11 for larger legs

six thousand years of irrigation, the fcrev—8 to IOV2 for average legs

land around Boulder could last a for small legs long while, too. Mrs. King doesn't

believe everything she hears, but this old idea seemed to be worth trying, at least in a garden.

With a shovel she diked her garden off in separate shallow basins. At

the first irrigation she found that some of the basins were not as level as they had appeared to be. The

water stood on the lower side and left the higher side dry. So she made

another dike across the middle of such basins making two smaller, but more nearly level, in which the water stood MAIL ORDERS TO MARGOT MAN#RS, ZCM! all over.

Include 2<p postage for each pair. Utah residents add 2% State Tax. {Concluded on following page)

MAY 1954 359 Her husband, Clyde King, teased to get enough moisture into the her, "Are you sure that is just the ground. And then she wasn't sure.

THE BENNETT JUNIOR way the Egyptians did it?"She had plenty of water; she used

husher of the stream she wanted pleased her with new all Very much AUTOMATIC JUICER fields; so the water filling used on his band that by found system, Mrs. King

modern practical, This designed for home each basin she was sure of a thorough that ran to waste off the'bottom of juicer, use,rich,producesnaturala qualityflavoredof irrigation, because the water had no the rows hadn't cost her anything.

vegetables juices from and place to go but down into the soil. But she likes the saving in time and

quick, effiIt's fruits.

that work and her new cient, economical. in an hour the whole attention less than Just And

switch, electric on turn affords her. system "Egyptian"be irrigated. could garden or vegetable, feed fruit

extract will "Junior"and pulp. Before changing her system of irOf course, she has to keep the expel the the juice,

of cabbage, Quantities juice rigating, Mrs. King had to set small weeds pulled, no matter how she carrot celery and

ready to serve in minutes. streams of water in each furrow and irrigates. But she claims, "It is the

$150.00 let them run a long time to be sure best garden in the valley."

freight prepaid

Diameter, 71/2"; height

131/2"; net weight 19

lbs. Only four easyto-

clean parts: nylon feed

chute, nickel silver cutter, nickel plated screen, stainless steel pan.

UL and CSA approved.

Also available: Bennett Automatic Juicer Model "B"

for fountains, juice bars and institutions. $275.00

See your Diet or Health Food Store, or write to:

The Bennett Company 1028 Geary Street, Dept. E. San Francisco 9, Calif.

by David S. King

SECOND ASSISTANT GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT, YMMIA

Kecently I climbed to the top of life. At eleven thousand feet, heaven

a high peak in the midst of the seemed very close.

Wasatch mountain range. I We are all made in different patTHE TRUE ECONOMY started my ascent in a wilderness of terns, but every normal person, reOF LASTING SATISFACTION beautiful aspen and pine trees and gardless of his make, has some inner

Leading churches all over then worked my way up into the mountain peak toward whose summit

America offer testimony to higher regions of naked rocks and he can turn in search of inspiration.

of true the economy it to listening through the climb During long glistening may find snow. He

satisfaclasting service and at or a brilliant gazing a symphony, eyes from wan- I purposely kept my tion, in Bodiform as achieved pews, chancel furniture, ardering, so that the impact of what sunset, or admiring a painting, or chitectural woodwork, and I saw from the summit could come walking alone through the forest.

folding chairs by American suddenly upon me, in one burst of No matter who he may be, he will to Write Seating Company. glory. find his biggest peak when kneeling in your reabout us in detail

quirements. Standing finally on the top, I drank the presence of God.

DEPARTMENT 1169 in the splendor of a three hundred If I were in my teens, I would make

AMERICAN SEATING COMPANY sixtydegree panoramic vision. In a it a point to go frequently to these

in Public Seating teader World's I

N.W., Grand 2, Michigan flash I could feel the floodgates of my mountain peaks of the spirit; and Rapids 901 Broadway

inner soul overpowered by a surge would there fill my mind and soul of inspiration. For sixty miles and with all of the dreams and plans and

more, in every direction, I saw sharp, resolutions which they were capable of holding. heads lifting their proud peaks clean To Bishops and at things There crawling are so many people today the little above

Stake Presidents their feet. At eleven thousand feet, who have completely lost their di-

A group of Hawaiian entertainers I was in the presence of giants! rections and who can only drift

will leave Honolulu June 22nd to As I soaked up the beauty of this about like a rudderless ship in a tour the western states. The purcolossal natural Cinerama, I could storm. In an age which boasts of

pose of their tour is to entertain feel every drop of pettiness drain out so many transportation devices defor Church benefits. If you need of me. I could see my life's plans signed to carry passengers swiftly and

boost show to good a to place anone from comfortably into sharp focus. purposes come your building and

... fund, contact

so that other, it is amazing clearly many than discern, more I could

L E. CLISSOLD ever before, the fixed beacons which people haven't the slightest idea

56 So. Main St.—Salt Lake City, Utah constituted the guiding lights of my where they are going. In the course

360 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA youth countless I seeof my profession beUTAH'S FIRST CHARTERED SAVINGS BANK in utter lives out theirstarting wilderment. I see them foolishly

throwing away the priceless treasure of a happy marriage, or of a precious faith, in exchange for some comLOANS pletely worthless bauble. In courts FOR REMODELING

hospitals, and in prisons, inof law, left RENOVATING I see what is morgues, ineven of the lives of those who couldn't DECORATING to think time findquite things YOUR HOME for themselves to decide andthrough what riches in life were worth fight-, ing to keep.

If I were in my teens, I would make sure to take time out to plan my life to the best of my ability, realizing that in this sacred undertaking I Fast could receive wisdom, which was not Friendly my own, from heaven. I would also Service realize, of course, that many of my

plans would later be changed; but LOWEST

I would nevertheless make certain RATES that early in life I had got my main compasspoints straight.

If I were in my teens, I would make sure that my busy schedule did not crowd out of my life those priceless moments when, under the inspiration

I could beauty, unforgettable of some Trust CompanyPRESIDENT & DAVID O. McKAY, of presence in the it were, as stand,

Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. Salt Lake City Temple & Mair.. South culti- I systematically would God.

vate my love and appreciation for his handiwork, as a fortress against personal adversity. I would store up

within my spiritual reservoirs the J- 'i rt./iS.

faith, determination, and idealism which would build my character stronger than the worst catastrophe that could possibly happen to me.

Finally, if I were in my teens I would go to the 121st Psalm, and would commit to memory, and would build my life around those simple but eternally meaningful words: "I will

lift up mine eyes unto the hills, from whence cometh my help.

"My help cometh from the Lord, which made heaven and earth."

(Psalm 121:1-2.)

I

BENEATH THE DAYS

By Arthur Wallace Peach

Because1 die; the rose fades, beauty does not

Though the song ends, the singing heart remains; Beneath bare fields, the hidden harvests lie;

Stars shine above the midnight's windswept rains. \ \ y"3| 1 * "We1roltlijIityPOPPORTttWTY:*!"* f \ inl\SSS——

He Tov=s—> piti.fMinf8rraBi<Bi,*. * Th writs,Mk bi"""*Oorethr,w t',u:\,\renS"""u"n.p Whowilllookslookbeneathon life hiswithdayseyes toserenetruth un-:<*—-vA—- M,m seen! 4v3

MAY 1954 361 Four Visits to Hopiland

{Continued from page 305) of the rock cliff—sandstone swept

clean by the wind, and quite level then she would beat the vines with a stick forcing from their pods the lima beans. After a time she would arise

and grasp the pile of vines in her

The best graduation gift in the world: hands and shake them fiercely, the

low, whereupon the vines were cast THE OFFICIAL beans rattling out to the ground befor later aside in a pile to be used as goats feeding L. D. S. MISSIONARY BIBLE other purposes such

it contains: It is printed on pure milkand burros. The beans were careComplete King James Version white India paper by the fully swept into a container.

of the Scriptures Cambridge University I talked to Belle concerning this

The Church's Official Ready Press, known the world process and said to her, "I suppose

References over for quality Bibles. this is your crop you are harvesting?"

Authoritative Cambridge Concordance The type face is the fa- "No,"she said, "this is the crop and sharp mous 'Cameo,'of Phoebe. She cannot harvest her

in Bible Dictionary clear. the It is bound

I are Center References finest Persian Morocco crop, and so my friend and

Bible Atlas leather, handsome and harvesting it for her."

Ruled paper for notes sturdy for a lifetime's use. My mind skipped across the gulf

of the cliff to the bedridden Phoebe

MISSIONARY BIBLEMB3-$ 11.00 whom we had just visited. Here was

her fellow Church member engaged

At your local bookstore or from

THE DESERET BOOK COMPANY inbeingvoluntarycoached.welfareUndoubtedly,work withoutshe

44 East South Temple Street, Salt Lake City 10, Utah and her people had practised this sort of cooperation for hundreds of years.

She was harvesting the crop of her * r.UtA f''i:.VA "er sick friend, asking no pay and receiving the reward of those who are

charitable toward those who cannot help themselves.

"Surely,"I thought as I contem- *v *.4 K00L BREEZE plated this scene, "the gospel is for

all people, and its principles have PATIO COVERS softened all people throughout countless generations, even though they FOR YOUR

gard to the nature of their heavenly OUTDOOR ROOM rt my Father."might not have had the truth in reHere was Christian charity more

Prebaked colors—simply expressed than anywhere I

ever seen it. This had Church is how

Patented'lightill welfare village of operates in the filtering feature! jr"Hotevila atop Third Mesa in HopiDesigned for YOU! f =4. t land, Arizona.

Built to last a. <f.>-

housetime! IV

final visit was to Moenmade fUR;fcTfcr<yt illustrated Colorful, suggestions on ideas and to J village copi, a adjacent Hopi. '-'SHHI

I patio for home, and business. awnings KOOL BREEZE 'S*'t<$BBit

at Service the headquarters Indian to: Send J invited City. There Tuba we were I Name t V

II I to of three families Hopis, dinner by j.., > <! | Address

1 City State! most of them members of the Church.

Into the wellkept, tworoomed house of Willie and Mary Numkema we delightful evening entered for the most KOOL BREEZE AWNING CO in time. a long I have spent

1118 SOUTH STATE STREET We were introduced to Sisters

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Esther Bilagody and James Sonny, 362 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA who were helping with the entertainment.

The spotless floor in the main room was spread with a tablecloth and on the cloth were most of the foods of which we were to partake—vegetables, fruits, and in one dish a stack

of the most delicious tamales I have ever eaten. There were large plates

stacked high with piki, the blue corn bread of the Hopi.

The charming hostess explained to us that they had thought at first of serving the meal at a table, for they have adopted the white man's custom of using a table, but on second thought they thought it better to serve the meal in the ancient Hopi fashion, on the floor. They "showed

us how the women sit to eat the meal.

They kneel on both knees, their weight evenly distributed, sitting on their ankles and heels. The men

kneel on the floor on one knee, usually the left knee, their right arm resting on the flexed thigh of the leg which is not on the floor. They explained to me that the women sit that

way because they are at home, but the men kneel on one knee so they can rise quickly if any danger threatens their home or their loved ones. This has been a Hopi custom

is still inof years for and hundreds will, flavor. grainrich delicious YEARS, you THE And eat THROUGH the Hopis in whenever dulged the everInstant not join has too. So why become Postum

with the floor for a table. a real tradition in thousands growing family of Era readers

As we began the meal, Willie of Improvement Era families. who serve caffeinfree Postum?

Numkema, James Sonny, and Mark Young and old alike share in the Get a jar today. Instant Postum

Quashera entered. They had been enjoyment of Postum 's hearty,—at your grocer's.

delayed by other affairs. Kneeling in

Hopi fashion, they soon were helping CONTAINS NO CAFFEIN MADE INSTANTLY with the animated conversation, OR OTHER DRUG IN YOUR CUP meanwhile stowing away liberal helpings of the delicious food. All were

laughing, talking and eating at the same time. It was a very happy occasion, and a fitting close to a most

pleasant day. Later we drove away A Product of General Foods

through the desert, the soft moonlight etching the lovely scene upon our memories. That 5QQd

MORNING r MILK

MAY 1954 363.

George Q. Morris the gentleman, always the nobleSOME LIKE COLD CEREAL man.

SOME LIKE HOT CEREAL His life(Concludedof devotionfromis pagewellknown294) to TheForImprovementyears as managingEra EldereditorRichof all who have worked in Mutual. ard L. Evans worked almost daily

He was released in 1948 to become with Brother Morris who was then president of the Eastern States Misgeneral manager of the Era. Resion, where he was serving when he cently Elder Evans sent a birthday

was called as an Assistant to the greeting to Elder Morris, which said

Council of the Twelve in October in part:

1951. "... I learned to love you for

of youth always, courage, A friend your encouragement, he once your.. THEY ALL LIKE served as a member of the Explorer devotion and your to one great

National of truth. Council, cause You left Boy cause—the ALL-O-WHEAT committee,Scouts of America; as vice the counting chairman, your business without

Region 12, Boy Scouts of America, cost, and set aside your own conand he holds the Silver Antelope, venience and came to sit down with

The cereal that's high Scout leader award, for his us whenever we needed you. I never

tripled in popuservice to the boys of that organizaknew you to place any question before larity in one tion. this one: 'What is the right thing

year. Long active in civic affairs, he to do?'"

served as executive chairman of the And now, as the membership of "This Is the Place"Monument Comthe Church welcomes Elder Morris

All-O-Wheat has all natural of wheat's vitamins mission and had in charge the erection as a member of the Council of the for longer lasting energy. Serve it with cinnamon, sugar, and cream. You'll love its delicious of that monument in the mouth of Twelve, perhaps we can join Elder

whole wheat flavor. Emigration Canyon. His civic life Evans in the continuation of his perFor All the Family... also includes executive vicepresidency sonal tribute: "May you have peace

All Year Round of the Utah Pioneer Trails and and long extended useful years in

Landmarks Association and service on health and in happiness, and every

as on the Travelers'Aid board, whereALL-O-WHEATOGDEN, UTAH the Community Chest board as well blessing, this day—and always."

he served as president for many years.

He has been active in the Sons of Two New Books

Pioneers. UtahcA CENTURY OF born in Salt Lake City, the (Concluded from page 291) He was

his speeches; illustrations inand his son of Elias Lois and Mary

his Walker tensify reglorious message. a To Morris. He married Ramsay Emma degree Cowley's markable Matthew

on June 29, 1905. To them were vibrant personality and striking voiceAi born three daughters, Mrs. Margery are captured in this volume.

Write for information Woods, Marion Morris, and Mrs. This book will speak stirringly to a

on type of organ Helen Stewart. generation that knew him and will prein which you When Elder Morris was released serve his messages for generations to

are interested. % as general superintendent of the come, and it will speak alike to those

YMMIA in 1948, The Improvement within the Church or out of it.

Era said of him: The great human quality that en-

"By heritage he enjoys the qualideared Elder Cowley to everyone who is in great found knew him abundance ties of the English, the and Welsh addresses. throughout the ORGANS

his As** # PIPE father his Welsh; was and

S. Dr. to Bennion's Foreword Adam REED <&*KA\ English. delightORGANS formother, a has He is pertinent: the book

fully quiet sense of humor that he "There was only one Matthew Cowinherited from the Welsh, and this ley.

strikes home when situations need to "Gifted with great faith—with broad

HOTEL LANKERSHIM be lightened by a deft touch. His human sympathies—with rare affection

7th & BROADWAY gallantry and courtesy are innate for all men, but particularly for the

ROOMS and have made it a delightful experiunfortunate and recreant—with that eloence for those who have been priviquence which speaks from the heart:

Supper Rooms to the loyalty unquestioned to leged convenaccompay on heart—with him

IN THE VERY HEART OF devotion to and the to and Church Him tions other of assignments the and LOS ANGELES restored bless to power who it—with interest consideration His MIA. and

.. to heal.. and -'Unbreakable moulded of great import, been have has he and

Lij'l'i- all these "Punctuate attainments glass. to with look like

strenotherwise what might be made 1.... free. noise weight, a delicious spontaneous and and humor

height. nomit'ul... Standard trips excursions. enjoyable uous soul. rare a have. you dealer. your from Order "Blessed dignity, with innate an SB 167 of in the reading time spent "The SPECIAL OFFER $1.25 Dor to Morris Elder respect has brought these lot trial will sermons in the SI. put Mail 00 for a lump of

one dozen sent postpaid. the organization which he heads. Rethroat of the reader and a new urge

BRASS GOODS'CO, 55 Sudbury St., Boston 14, Mass. straint is his keynote. He is always in his life."

364 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA LDS Hawaiian Colony Opportunities Unlimited at (Continued from page 315) It was also agreed that each of thestockholders would be given a city EVENING SCHOOL lot when the new town was surveyed; Make use of leisure hours on

that the lots fronting on the town Monday and Thursday evenings.

for possible reservedsquare would be YOUR FUTURE MAY LIE IN THESE MINUTES a meetpublic uses; that combination

inghouseschoolhouse, twenty feet wide and thirty feet long, would be ENROLL NOW built; that arrangements would be These and many other classes open for evening study:

made to homestead lands adjoining HYSPEED LONGHAND GREGG SHORTHAND, SIMPLIFIED the ranch under the Desert Land Act CPA COACHING TYPING AND OFFICE MACHINES and Tree Culture Act; that negotiaOur placement department gets scores of calls for jobs

tions would be entered into to buy a starting from $175 to $250 for qualified personnel. Presawmill which was located in the pare yourself for one of these important jobs.

Stansbury Mountains immediately Call or write for further information...

east of Skull Valley; that the company would render such aid as it BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

could to the colonists in building their houses, as a loan; and that the comIipany would obtain a seal with the fJHllirsroS COLLEGE Br

SALT LAKE CITYmotto, "The Rising Sun,"in Hawaiian I *B LfljJ 70 NORTH MAIN 2characters.

Company officers managed to buy sawmillthe and appurtenances for FOR MOTHER'S DAY FLY TO OLD EUROPE! paying for it with funds$1,500.00,

received from the sale of property of and for any happy Now,Touristnew,rates!low, airHawaiians who had signified their occasion—there is no finer Fly into the old world

intention of participating in the vengift than a beautiful charmEurope. Letof usfascinatingtake care

ture. Elder Mitchell surveyed the ofrangementsall your at travelno addiar-

townsite. Everything thus arranged tional cost to you.

for the reception of the colonists, Call,todaywrite,for allordetails.phone

the First Presidency requested thepresident of Tooele Stake to. call upon Oxlorcf

UNIVERSAL TRAVEL the Saints of his stake to furnish For the unparalleled

INC. to SERVICE, take the beautyteams of the wagons and Authorized Bf6fe SSfee Version, King James and TEMPLE SQUARE HOTEL effects their SaintsHawaiian and

the qualunsurpassed City, America's Salt Lake Utah City, tofrom Salt Lake which they fority developed nearly by 5-5924 or 5-6552 Gift Bible Phone three years hundred of to gathered, the newlyhad previously skilled give Since inestablished Iosepa, Skull Valley.

an give Oxford craftsmanship,Bible—and fortysix Poly28, 1889, August 1675 /\On joy added day. to a happy

nesian Latterday Saints arrived in Atyour booksellers$\.95 to $300.

Skull Valley to begin a new life. FREE!

The land was apportioned, as in ancient Israel, by drawing lots. Each 16 MM. SOUND FILMS

for peradult were male each and widow

M.I. Scouts, Special A., Boy DFFER... WE after tomitted draw, weeks two and Interest or other groups. COMPLETE Atheir colony, to removal the Hawaiian SERVICE ENGRAVING TITLES 275 TO CHOOSE FROMall "feeling to reported well"were be Missionary Portraits to the Largest From

and happy. A branch of the Church Catalogues.

was set up, and the various quorums Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention For Information or Catalog and auxiliary associations were orUTAH ENGRAVING CO. Write, Wire or Call

ganized. later the land 113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah time A short HILLAM'S President Wilfordwas dedicated by

54 P.

Woodruff in the English language and HlflAOVOOfrtl-flnOODO- O. Place,PhoneSalt35417Lake City, Utah

by President Joseph F. Smith in the

Hawaiian language. Houses were IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS

built; the schoolhouse was completed; Aids in treatment of Canker, simple

and a general store was constructed. sore throat and other minor mouth 1 HEADQUARTERS FOR L.D.S.

An irrigation system was soon and throat irritations. A IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA I

constructed, using water from springs YE KING'S REST MOTEL 526 5TH STREET SOUTH of L. Nuttall, 2Diary August John

B. Foutz, Harold Owner is ofscript this diary in the Brigham8, Young1889. AUnivertype- HALL'S REMEDY Dr.

sity library. Salt Lake City. Utah Edgar H. Foutz, Manager

(Continued on following page) n>-momn)+i-o-mm+v-<uo-m'04 Beautyrest Mattrqsses Throughout

MAY 1954 365 KITCHEI1 CHflRIll LDS HAWAIIAN COLONY

his for built that him, a house and was in Lucern, the Stansbury Mountains. PAPER WAXED (Continued from preceding page) the opportunity to go there and move into

at family, ranch good on the and work oats, beets, barley, corn, powheat, large besides, a garden have, and KEEPS FOOD tatoes, all raised. were and squash A wages,... use. for his patch own

FRESHER LONGER! reservoir was built and the water Suffice it to say that today the several

piped for house and garden use. The hundred folk there have water in their

homes soon sprouted lawns, with houses just the same as we have in Salt borders of flowers and trees. After Lake City, and a power plant will somethe first harvest, the Saints counted timeschoolsgiveandthemmeetinghousestheir electricarelights.as goodTheiras

1826 bushels of wheat, 1837 bushels the best... and since they grow their

of barley, 2267 bushels of oats, 400own food and raise their own animals, 500 bushels of corn, and an unspecithey are far better off than many farmers fied quantity of potatoes and squash. who have lived in this country all their

lives. The Mormon people conceived the

This production was divided among plan for them, and the Church made its the laborers at the rate of $30.00 a perfection possible.

month for each person. 3 At a recent annual celebration there by

Within three years after the initial Hawaiians, when President Joseph F. Smith,

settlement of Iosepa, the Deseret Governor William Spry, and other men of

News published the following report governmentprominence attended,Indian officialLorenzofromD. WashingCreel, a

of the president on the condition of ton, who was studying the Indians in Tooele the colony: county at the time, rose before the great

Hawaiian, uniformed audience, after having

The colony is in a prosperous condition. been shown all over the place, and with

Our crops are abundant, there being four much feeling, said: "My friends, if this is

hundred acres under cultivation in hay and a sample of the Mormon colonization work, grain. We have now gathered our first the best thing the government of the United

States could of lucern, crop three do, would to over be to assist them in amounting possible. tons.. every of wheat, hundred way.. Our crop

oats and barley will reach about six thou-

,.. bushels. enclosed cedar sand with We WITH MILLIONS POPULAR favorable generally these Despite

last spring, posts fencing, 1600 wire and OF HOUSEWIVES... it reports, appears colony that the acres, off cleared the sagebrush, planted and ALL LEADINGAT fully selfsupporting. never And GROCERS the grain, land vegetables with and was new

rrvon/uoe vines.five acres.This.. to. theTheextentwater ofsupplyabout hasseventybeen themakeChurchseveral foundappropriationsit necessaryto payto

this season. abundant the salaries of the local Latterday. FOLDING There are few cases of sickness in some

BANQUET the colony, but nothing of a serious charSaints who assisted the islanders.

v TABLES acter.* The financial outlook of the colony

This is the first mention of the became so poor by 1897 that serious

PricesDirect & consideration to given a to plan was disease, of sickness which problem and toDiscounts to a stockrent the prominent farm to rate mortality a cause high,-;....,,. was Schools,Churches. hire peogrower the have and him the people years during the among Institutions alland this not done. However, was

it to apparently come. no ple. But was

serious worry in 1892, because in that The extent of Church aid, of course, very year plans were made to purwas not known by such observers as

Alter. Cecil on They commented TRUCKS of the J. chase homestead and to some storingMONROE and brilliant efforts the colonization of easy, Forthe Chair*truck Each lands surrounding expansion to make orwayTables handles

of Construestorage chairs.permits leaders. modernFoldingtablesNo. TSC their the Hawaiians Storage and Transport tionin limited Truckeitherspace. possible. Truck No. TS

their inquiries Units to Church may direct the By 1901 there were about eighty Apparently, there was no market Church 47 Purchasing Department, East

South Temple, Salt Lake City 1, Utah. Hawaiian Saints in Iosepa, all emfor the shares of stock in the comTHE McWlO<U COMPANY ployed on the ranch and demonstratpany. It is probable that the dis249CHURCH STREET, COLFAX, IQ ing, according to the report, "thrift, astrous depression of the 1890's, with

industry, and prosperity."Their its long period of declining farm

granary on one occasion held 14,000 prices, was responsible for most of the bushels. A decade later, when a financial problems of the colony and

prominent Utah historian, J. Cecil the need for Church help. Other

Alter, made a study of the colony, Church colonies required similar ashe wrote: sistance. Certainly, the Hawaiian

Saints did not lack the qualities of all practically acres are 1,120 There in industry and frugality.

use, half that is being and more as much brought under the magic wand of the The eventual disbandment of the

Hawaiian irrigator.... Every Hawaiian colony seems to have resulted in part

in the States United here had come who to from problems of health. The prosthe nearer be given people was Mormon

"Iosepa, Gregory, 3Edna Hope Kanaka 5Originally Ranch,"in the published Utah Deseret News and reII Review, Humanities (January in published p. 4. 1948), Robert C. Real Webb, The Mormonism

1892. 13, *Deseret News, July York: Sturgis Co., (New Walton 1916), p. 140. &

366 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

pects of the colony took a serious turn for the worse in 1896, when the county physician found three cases of leprosy. Two or three other cases

developed later. The local history

indicates how this problem was handled.

A house was built about \ l/2 miles south of the ranch house near a fresh water supIncluding disease afflicted the withply, those and

HOTEL ACCOMMODATIONS do! see you and What there. was quarantinedwere A flagpole into Here's exciting the an adventure SIGHTSEEING SPECIAL needed something wasset trip escorted up, and Mexico! heart when Old of Your

TRIP ROUND TRANSPORTATION enchanting City to takes Mexico you raised. flag The outside, a was thefrom,its... with ancient Xochimilco Puebla.

intervals at treated victims wereleprosy... Floating Cuernavaca Gardens (18) DAYS)

.,....otherPyrof Taxco Cholula and amid many all died. doctor, but aby Plus tax ONLY $207.85 attractions! fascinating

Send the coupon below for FROM SALT LAKE CITY

The outbreak of leprosy was unallhoundthe Mexicodetails aboutTour. thisMailwonderfulit today! Greydoubtedly one of the reasons for the

lack of enthusiasm of some of those GREYHOUND TRAVEL BUREAU participating in this colonization exSalt107 WestLake SouthCity 10,TempleUtah periment. Even more serious from

the standpoint of the production record of the colony, however, were the frequent outbreaks of milder forms of illness among the natives.

Accustomed to island conditions, the constitutions of the Hawaiians, despite a fierce faith, did not adjust readily to the rigors of the burning heat of the summer sun and the driving winds and zero temperatures of the Skull Valley winters. The high rate grtfos CAN'T BE of mortality is indicated by the large

number of markers in the village BEAT F0 A TRULY KRISP cemetery. 7

When Church officials announced # ND TENDER to the group in 1915 that a temple LUNCHwould be built in Hawaii, that cash would be paid for all personal and corporate holdings in the colony, and, BOX that the Church would provide transffritos portation back to the Islands for those TREAT/ unable to pay for their own, most of the colonists decided to return to their homeland. Most of the returnees GOLDEN CHIPS OF CORN

settled on the Church plantation at

Laie, Oahu. Many faithful Church

members today are among the I V glgtl'descendants of the Skull Valley PIKES PEAR Hawaiian pioneers. DIAGRAMS

The Church sold the ranch in 1917 FLOUR Illustrating Latter - day Saint to the Deseret Livestock Company, With FOUR principles with complete scripwhich moved some of the original Extra Baking tural references and condensed others razed buildings away and to Advantages summariesExtremely helpfulof Churchfor doctrines.teachers, to conobtain materials with which

struct a ranch headquarters near the SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS students, and all Church memsite of the old village. The ranch 425 West 5th South bers.

now produces hay and serves as a Salt Lake CityUtah Author, A. P. Merrill

center for livestock grazing. The story of losepa is a story of hope, PRICE—$1.00 EACH

courage, and hard work. DRINK Available at

a"Inventory of the County Archives of Utah: Tooele

3031. op. cit., County,"pp.

out broke 7Great sadness when I. W. Kauleinamoku, DESERET BOOK COMPANY

natives, died as of leader the the already mentioned Temple South 44 East A delightful enclosed 62. of the His grave, age at 1899, in for beverage in ficqhot grill covered fence, marble a white iron by and an Utah City 10, those Salt Lake

coffee. still drink don't at cemetery. the seen losepa tombstone, be may who

"Utah's Murbarger, See Nell Tropic Island,"Salt AT YOUR GROCERS 24, 1953. February Tribune, Lake

MAY 1954 367 MmrFkgea

The Light Touch

Sharp Answer

CORRECTION Sam applied for a job he had seen advertised in the daily paper.

director, "but we can't the said "Sorry, young man,"placed Inadvertently we five hundred."already have applications. accept any more Wepersonnel Isaiah cut of the the

cerquickly, "you sir,"case, responded in that but Sam "Oh, Scroll in upside on down page 233 of the April istainly need someone to sort them."

sue. We're sorry! Wrong Number

"Operator,"shouted the irate man on the wire, "kindly understand that I have all the stray telephone numbers I desire, so will you please stop providing,me with more and give me the one

I've been trying to get for the past half hour?"

-- Silly Question, Silly Answer

Columbus, Ohio Wise Guy: "Changing a tire, eh?"

Dear Sirs: Motorist: "No, I just get out every few miles and jack the car

Since I am practically a shutin from ill health, the Era to me up to give it a rest."

is like a conference. It could easily be called "The Conference Sharp

I Sick Shutins."of the cannot go and to not your orange throw tidy boy very were a Mother: "You

all of that keep Eras informed me my it?"put bus. you did of floor the Where my toChurchchurchis often,doing. butI peel on the

it. possibly could not do without to next me."of the pocket the "In man Johnny:

Sincerely yours, /s/ Mrs. Paul Haines Every Time

Science Teacher: "What happens when a body is immersed in

water?"Okinawa Snuffy: "The telephone rings."

Brethren: Dear1

ach month I welcome my copy of The Improvement Era with *—'p deep appreciation, knowing I am being remembered along

with the thousands of other Mormon fellows around the world.

take I don't Although entire contents to read time the enough articles spiritual each saving month, thoughts and for a ANOTHER WINNER I am scrapbook fellow to take throughback hope home. I GIs do my

I benefiting are as as the out the world close Since joining the Church six through much

Williams ago, Agnes years Mary exists brotherhood that congregate. wherever members LDS

has an atof Fallon, Nevada, blessings of our Again I thank and wish the you Lord to be with record of which we tendance you all in your good work.

five almost proud: may all be Pfc. Bob Smith

years perfect attendance in Sunday School and sacrament meetat- six years perfect ing, and Atlanta, Georgia in She is the Mutual. tendance Dear Editors:

of Elder Mrs. and daughter I Era. reading received enjoy a copy Improvement of The

Williams, both misCharles R. * I like so far from and that something away home when am sionaries Stake. in the Reno

is It especially fine in service. that book. a very the Everyone

reads it here enjoys it. I am glad they do.

Pfc. Rex L. Martindale

SERVICEMEN ABOARD USS HELENA

The LDS servicemen's group aboard the

USS Helena take this opportunity for the "appreciation of the fine stories and articles which appear... in The Improvement Era.

These stories and articles are an inspiration to each of us no matter where we might be throughout the world.... We look forward

from each issue to the next for the wonderful words of faith and truth which are always to be found between its covers...."

The pictuerd group includes: Front row:

Tom Hadley, Ogden; Bob Young, Salt

Lake City; Ward R. Halford, Yakima, Wash.;

J. P. Long, White Salmon, Wash., Euvern

Putnam, Jr., Auburn, Wyoming; A. M.

Thompson, Medford, Ore. Back row: D. M.

Rowberry, Provo; Clark Madill, Granger;

second row: J. D. Gore, Springville; Jerald R.

Lukins, Richland, Wash.; Richard Spencer,

Provo; Sam Neese, Greensboro, N. C; Andrew

Ball, Kannapolis, N. C. (All residences Utah

unless otherwise noted.)

m 368 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE STORY OF PHILLIPS 66 >

FROM THE SKYWAYS TO THE HIGHWAYS

iV.Y'lfiXVVVflVft'iViYi'i

FOR MILITARY USE Phillips originated new superRESTRICTED for use in aviation gasoline, these compower aviation fuel components—Diisopropyl (proponents have for years been on U. S. Government

nounced diiso-propull) and HF Alkylate. These made priority. But now restrictions have been released and

possible more powerful fuels for combat aircraft. Phillips is able to use them in automotive gasoline.

TODAY, Diisopropyl is available to motorists exc/u- GET PHILLIPS 66 FL1TEFUEL at any station where sively in a new gasoline called Phillips 66 FliteFuell you see the orange and black Phillips 66 Shield.

It gives increased power, higher antiknock quality, Let your car's performance show you how good this freedom from stalling... and it's cleanburning! new gasoline is! Phillips Petroleum Company

GET PHILLIPS 66

FOR YOUR CAR

,,.b fiarina tne uooalkinas ofMfe

Irrigation water is literally life insurance for crops on Western farms.

If there's enough of it when it's needed, it can insure a bountiful harvest in the most arid climate.

You can depend on Beneficial Life Insurance to provide for your family in much the same way—with a financial "reservoir"for use

whenever you and your family need it most.

Your Beneficial agent can give you sound, helpful advice on the amount and type of insurance that will best suit your family needs and present income. Call him soon.

BENEFICIAL LIFE Over OneQjxarler Billion Dollars Insurance Company in Force. Insurance ofLife

David O. McKay, Pres. Salt Lake City - Utah