Vol. X. The Glory of God u Intelligence, No.11

IMTFOVEMMT

P SSM. ORGAN OF YOUNG MEN'S MUTUAL

IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS i PUBLISHED E>Y THE QENERAL BOARD, T. (Bustn Joseph F Smith )... Editors. Heber J. Granh Edward H Anderson } { Nand,4ers4i

Entered ah the roahOfflee. 3alr Lake arylftah.aa SecondClass Matter.

SEPTEMBER, 1907.

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

Apocryphal and Lost Scriptures Frederic Clift, M. D. 849

The Call. A Poem Maud Baggarley 862

The Border Land James X. Allen, M. D. 863

2** The New Mania Claude T. Barnes 865 The Sunset Sea. A Poem W.J. Kohlberg 867 I

History of Rasselas. XLIII—XLIV Samuel Johnson, LL. D. 868

Things Worth While Leila Marler Hoggan 878

Listen to the Spirit's Voice. A Poem M. A. Stewart 881

When the Stove Smoked. A Story Nephi Anderson 882

Advtee on how to Succeed 888Im Sociability An Australian Sister 889 m

Closing Years of St. Paul's Life in RomeVI.Co/.fl.Af.BryceThomas 892

Phantoms of Hope Albert R. Lyman 901

Oregon. A Poem Maud Baggarley 906

The Isle of Patmos Lvdia D. Alder 907

Editor's Table—How to Celebrate—Missionary Work

Prest. Joseph F. Smith 912

Messages from the Missions 916 Our Work—Y. M. M. I. A. Annual Conventions, 1907 9?0 m

EVents and Comments Edward H. Anderson 924

Cutler Bros. Co.THEKNITORIGINAL UNDERWEARKNIT GOODS HOUSE OF UTAH FOR MEN AND BOYS 36 MAIN STREET

Be Readers Get an Ambition Do Something

It Is dangerous to create public apathy and everything should be done to avoia establishing such a condition of affairs. The

grasping corporations feel Indifferent to ihe wants of the masses, and this has caused,them to be denounced most vehemently by BOOKSthe public, and the recent Insurance exposures have caus* d a feeing bordering close Suggested by General onto resentfulne.se. You will not have occasion to feel that way If we handle your InBoard Y.M.M.I.A.

surance. We will place your policies withcompanies whose business methods are to be read tbis

above reproach and which have not b.eenmentioned in the recent r velations that season

have startled the public. Let us take care

of your fire insurance, and we will assure thatyou you will feel satisfied and safe In For Young Men under respect.every

J 8 years of AgeHEBER J, GRANT & CO.

GENERAL INSURANCE Tom Browns School Days $.25

2026 South Main Salt Lake City Wild Animals I Have Known 2 00

For Older Readers Both Phones 351.

The Secret of Achievement 150 -.25 Jos* Wm, Taylor Great Truths

Utah's Leading Undertaker Silas Marner -.35

and Licensed Embalmer. The Strength of Being Clean

Fine Funeral Chapel, Private Parlor, (Out of Print")

Show Rooms and Morgue.

Send direct to Era Office for Office Open Day and Night. tbese books. Money must accom21, 23, 29 SOOTH WEST TEMPLE ST. pany order.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. IMPROVEMENT ERA,

Salt Lake City, Utah.

ESTABLISHED 1889 UTAH COMMERCIAL & SAYINGS BANE CAPITAL $200,000 The STATE BANK

TTT\J 1 T\A T-III EstablishedSalt Lake City,1890Utah... V y r4;32Pr Cent Interest,on computedSavings Deposits.semiannually /\T?

Commercial Banking in all its HIS bank solicits the accounts of branches. Accounts of Banks and In- I banks.firms and individuals, and

dividuals solicited. Customers assured 1 extends to such customers every

the best accommodations consistent reasonable courtesy and facility.

with conservative and safe banking.

WM. F. ARMSTRONG. BYRON GROO Jos.Wm.B.Preston.Pres.F. Smith, Prest. Chas.H T.McEwanS. Burton,Asst.CashCashier President. Cashier.

Work for Erery Youngf Man and Woman who is ready for it.

Enid Edmunds, Nellie Keddington, Syrinia Keddington,

Utah Sugar Co. Beneficial Life Ins. Co. Z. C. M. I.

is this workers, your opportunity. education business thorough Mutual improvement AHOR over a year the demand for our students to take positions has exceeded the supply. iusures a salary prompt, and good you orderly, key to exact—It makes and is the

| financial success. Take a course in Bookkeeping, or in Shorthand and Typewriting.

Enter at any time. For information write to the

SECRETARY, L. D. 3. BUSINESS COLLEGE, SALT LAKE CITY.

"Eestmeforgei"fialliday Drug...Company... Who ever heard of the

present courteous, effiJamks Jack, - President cient telephone service in

T.S.Hallidat, V.P. AMgr. Utah before Jos. 0. Jack, Sec. A Treat.

"The Phone that Talks"Our Stock is New.

Prescription departintroduced it?

ment is exclusive Are you benefitted?

and has been enAre you doing your dorsed by the medshare to make it a greater ical association in success? the highest terms.

Drink?loTtliz at Utah Independent

our elegant fountain telephone Company

LOCATION: Call 51 and learn all

Betwei Salt Cake * about it.

..Orpbciua Cbeatro..

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the ERA.)

Good Fortune Awaits you, if you buy from us. Money is

made thru right buying. Our business wagons draw trade to the merchant using them, through their

distinctive and attractive appearance. Our wagons and vehicles are

durable and save you money by giving long and continued service; with

little or no "up keep."No matter

what your requirements may be in vehicles or harness, our extensive stock will surely contain that which you require. Make up your mind

to buy your next vehicle or harness from us. Act on that resolve, and

your action will surely result in

GOOD FORTUNE.

Leading Implement Dealers in Utah and Idaho.

Consolidated Wagon and Machine Co.

GEO. T. ODELL, GEN'L MGR.

Liberal terms, Satisfactory prices. Salt Lake, Ogden, Logan, Idaho Falls, Montpeller.

Globe Wernicke Filing Cabinets and Book Cases

Are recognized everywhere as the best. They

are made of the very best wood, and by'skilled workmen. Convenience and

beauty are their chief characteristics.

B. DinWoodeij Fupnitufle Co,

SALT LAKE CITY. (When writing to Advertisers, please mention the ERA.).

Vol. X. SEPTEMBER, 1907. No. 11

APOCRYPHAL AND LOST SCRIPTURES.*

BY FREDERIC CLIFT, M.D.

"All writings not canonical are apocryphal."Jerome.

The Bible as accepted by the Christian churches of today does not contain all that God has revealed, neither does it contain all that he intends to reveal to his sons and daughters. It is incomplete; therefore it is not a sufficient guide under all conditions,

neither was it so intended. The Bible is often considered as the

* The term Apocrypha or Apocryphal is derived from the Greek, and orginally signified something that was "hidden,"and later that was "unrecognized"—hence

spurious. In ecclesiastical use.it is a term given in the early church to various historical and other writings of uncertain origin and authority, written prior to the

birth of Christ, and regarded by some as inspired, but rejected by many authorities. Such books were either works acknowledged to be useful and edifying, or else

heretical writings absolutely rejected by the Church. This term also occasionally

includes similar books written subsequent to the time of Christ, which, however, are more generally known as the Antilegomena,or "things spoken against,"of the

New Testament.

The term, Lost Scriptures, refers to certain books or writings mentioned by the writers of the Old or New Testaments, but of which we have, at present, no copies. In the case of a few of such writings, certain alleged copies are claimed

to be authentic, but they have not been accepted as such by Biblical authorities, even to the extent of being classed as Apocryphal.—F. C.

850 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Jons et origo of the church, whereas the contrary is the fact. A

second thought will show incontrovertibly thit it was evolved and grew out of the ecclesia—the church.

No part of the New Testament was in existence at the time when Christ committed the care of the Church to his apostles. He

was the personal revelation of the Godhead. He came to restore,

and did, in fact restore, the broken line of prophets. Malachi,

the last of the Jewish prophets, closed the Hebrew canon some 397 years before the birth of Christ. As a result, we find that

during the time the restored prophets, the apostles and their immediate successors, were allowed to perform their duties, there was no lack of revelation. The seventies were endowed

with direct authority from Christ, and when sent out received no pocket edition of even the Old Testament, with commentary, concordance, and handy helps, etc.: in fact, the four gospels

were nonexistent, even at the time when Paul, Barnabas and others departed on their missionary journeys. These men went

forth, relying on the promise of the Savior, that the Holy Spirit of

Truth would lead them. Accordingly, as special matters arose

from time to time, which called for direct instructions, they were led to seek for, and they did, in fact, receive, direct and personal revelation in relation to the subjects in question. History prove3

that they became the direct agents and representatives—the voice

of the living God, in their day and age. These men have been

recognized as prophets of God throughout all the subsequent ages, and the records contained in the New Testament, when transcribed without mistake, and "as far as it is translated correctly,"* were the product and result of their work, and are revelations from

God. Their successors, however, gradually lost this gift of direct

personal communication with the Godhead. Their power and authority ceased. They failed to find responsive answers. Why?

Simply, they were not living in accord with the gospel plan of salvation. Jehovah declared to a former prophet (Noah): "My spirit

shall not strive with man forever, in their going astray; they are

flesh, "f So it was with the Christian church. Jehovah did not

* Articles of Faith—8.

t Genesis 6: 3. Bible quotations are from the American Standard, Revised

Version, 1901.

APOCRYPHAL AND LOST SCRIPTURES. 851

strive with the leaders of the church forever, and as they drifted down the stream of apostasy, they themselves recognized the fact that God would have nothing to say to them. To explain hi? silence,

and maintain their ecclesiastical standing with their followers, they invented the theory that personal and direct revelation was no longer necessary,—that God had nothing to communicate to his

children beyond what was found in the Bible. Men are ever prone

to believe a lie rather than a truth, and as this theory explained the prevailing conditions in the church, it grew into a cardinal doctrine of the apostate churches of Christendom. The dead letter

of the Bible became the sole standard, and was substituted for the living voice of God. As a result, the thousand and one churches,

each and all, worship the written word and claim the Bible as the authority for their respective conflicting and separate tenets. If

these churches would know of the doctrine, let them listen to the living voice of God: "He that hath an ear, let him hear what the

Spirit saith to the churches."*

With the restoration of the gospel, in 1830, came a restoration of the "gifts,"including the power of entering into personal and direct communication with the Father of all spirits. Once

more the words of Amos are fulfilled: ''Surely the Lord will

do nothing except he reveal his secrets unto his servants, the prophets, "f With the restoration of the Priesthood and all its officers, including prophets, the heavens are once more unsealed, and man is once again in personal communication with God. The

Lord's anointed, those who are his representatives, ar<j known to his people—the sheep know the voice of their shepherd. Thus "Samuel

grew, and Jehovah was with him, and let none of his words fall to the ground. And all Israel,from Dan even to Beersheba, knew that

Samuel was established to be a prophet of Jehovah. "% It was not

necessary that the enemies of Israel should know that Samuel was a prophet. It was Israel alone to whom the knowledge was

granted. So it is today: the knowledge that Joseph Smith was a

prophet was not forced upon his enemies—those who persecuted

* Rev. 3: 22.

t Amo3 3: 7.

X I Samuel 3: 19, 20.

852 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

and murdered him. God is the same yesterday, today, and forever; and his enemies are not compelled to accept his revelations.

It is, therefore, unreasonable to suppose that Jehovah would today reveal to those who are hostile to his Church the fact that the mantle of the Prophet Joseph has fallen upon his successors.

Again, the angel of the Lord announced the birth of John the

Baptist, and that he should be "great in the sight of the Lord,"* but Herod did not wish to know, or think, that he was a prophet;

and Herod, in his ignorance, proceeded to decapitate the messenger of God. So, too, Gabriel was sent from God to announce the birth

of Jesus Christ. "He shall be great, and shall be caed the Son

of the Most High."f If Herod had appreciated the true facts, he

would not have sent forth and slain "all the male children that were in Bethlehem and in all the borders thereof, from two years old and under."| Some of the foolish ones of today are so busy hunting the

dross of the earth, that they refuse to recognize the prophet of the Lord. Herodlike, they make ready to slay him, whilst pretending to make diligent search that they "also may come and

worship him."His Saints of old, however, knew, and his Saints

of today are just simple enough to believe that the angel spoke the truth when he proclaimed: "He shall be called the Son of God."||

Others, with less excuse than Herod, wise in their own conceit, are to be found, even today, who dare to deny that fact. A socalled Christian preacher, only recently, on a Salt Lake rostrum,

said: "I firmly believe that religion came out of the heart of man.

I believe the gods are all manmade. I believe the sanctity of our

Bible, and all bibles, artificial."In a more recent discourse, he

says: ''Yet religion is in its essence, half a madness and half a

vision. * * * In Christianity alone we have had the

tongues, prophecies and visions of the early church. * * *

I am not trying to disparage religion."This gentleman is recognized by other sectarian preachers as a Christian, although he

* Luke 1: 15.

f Luke 1: 32.

t Matt. 2: 16.

Matt. 2: 8.

II Luke 1: 35.

APOCRYPHAL AND L0S1 SCRIPTURES. 853

denies the divinity of Jesus Christ, the Savior. He is consistent

with his creed when he denies the fact of Divine revelation, but inconsistent when he sets himself up as a teacher of revealed

Christianity, in the church of ''tongues, prophecies and visions"described in the Acts of the Apostles. Are the vain imaginations

of such men to be accepted as truth without a particle of evidence?

Shall we admit that all the wisdom and knowledge of the ages is with these babblers, and that all Christians, both past and present, must take a back seat? Judging \ from the past, is it remarkable

that there are"still some who repudiate the work of Joseph Smith and his successors, and refuse to acknowledge him and them as prophets and reveaiers of the secret things of the Most High God? The

question may well be asked, How are the children of men to place themselves en rapport to receive revelations such as were given to their forefathers, and by them preserved in part and handed down to us in the Bible? Christ has instructed us—Those who seek

shall find, and to those who ask, further knowledge shall be given.

Let Latterday Saints continue to seek, in the full assurance that they will find the knowledge that passeth all understanding.

it was shown that the King In a previous article—July, 1904—

James Bible of 1611 A.D., was not an accurate translation, inasmuch as the opinions and policies of men largely controlled those

wfco were appointed by the king to prepare what has since been known as the "Authorized Version."The committee, nominees

of the king, to whom the revision was referred, was composed of

Episcopalians (High churchmen and Puritans) and Presbyterians.

Politics were running high, and policy had much to do with the adoption of compromise readings of doubtful passages. The mistranslatk ns might be innocuous, or if not so, might yet be capable

of being construed to meet or support the doctrinal views of the king and of those opposing ecclesiastical bodies. It was also

shown that when the socalled canon, or collection of scripture, was adopted under the guidance of Augustine, bishop of Hippo, at the councils of Carthage, 393 and 397 A.D., the Book of Revelation was accepted as inspired, and included in the New Testament,

as we now have it, bv one vote only. At that time numerous other

scriptures—many of them equally well known and generally read

rejected by partizanin the Christian churches of that day—were

854 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

votes as uninspired and unworthy of a place in what is now called the Christian Bible. These rejected scriptures, both of the Old and

New Testaments, have since been generally known as apocryphal.

The term was applied in the Christian church at first to the esoteric or private writings and doctrines of the early church; that is, to

those not publicly read or taught in the general meetings or assemblies.

It may be noted that from the earliest establishment of the

Jewish form of worship, by Moses, certain private or sacred enclosures were set apart, within which only certain members of the priesthood could enter. The Holy I of Holies was found in each of

the successive Jewish temples, and history shows that the Christians also had their sacred places, which were not allowed to be profaned by the presence of the public, or even by the newly professed converts. The latter had to pass through a probation before they were allowed to take part in the secret services connected with thesacred mysteries. The Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints, being in possession of the first principles of

Christianity, is, therefore, naturally found to have temples, and holy places to which only those in good standing are admitted.

The Catholic churches throughout the world have their holy of holies; only certain privileged members being allowed within

the precincts of the altar. The invasion of the privacy

of the monastical, conventual, or even fraternal organizations, and any attempted disclosure of their secret or apocryphal rites and symbols, would possibly, even today, in some parts of the world, entail very serious consequences. The

only people, according to some, who, in this enlightened day, have no rights of privacy in their religious rites and ceremonies, are the members of the socalled "Mormon"Church. The world

desires, if not requires them, not only to abandon their principles, but to decry the very acts of God himself, and in order that these "purists"may be consistent, they frequently deny the inspiration of their Bible.

The exact principles upon which the various canons* of

* The term canon or canonical is derived from the Greek word signifying "a straight rod or pole,"which from its keeping things straight or upright, finally came to mean a ''collection or list of books that form or contain a rule of faith and doctrine."

APOCRYPHAL AND LOST SCRIPTURES. 855

scripture were formulated are not clear; the selection of the several books was, no doubt, often a matter of chance. It may be

noticed in pissing, that whereas the inspiration of the Book of

Mormon was vouched for by the personal testimony of some eleven or more eye witnesses, the inspiration of the Book of Revelation was decided by the vote of one man. To whom are we indebted

for the several books of the New Testament?. A claim is put forward by the Roman Catholic church, but without foundation, inasmuch as that church did not exist till the middle of the second

century.. The preservation of the apostolic and other Christian

writings is due to the separate churches to which they had beeni addressed or sent. They were prized as sources of instruction, and

copies were sent to othir churches as directed by the apostles.*

The Alexandrian canon was begun by a few of the leading Greek fathers, and was based upon the Septuagint, or Greek translation of the Hebrew scriptures. This translation also included certain

apocryphal books not included in the original Hebrew text. Hence,

these books were more generally known to Greekspeaking Jews than to Hebrew—Aramaic—speaking Jews. The Alexandrian

canon was formulated prior to the first general rconncil at Nice, and it became the foundation of our Bible of today.:'The subject

is an interesting one and has led to much research.

The first canon, in point of time, to claim attention, is the

Samaritan, consisting of the five books of Moses, known as the

Pentateuch. After the return of the Jews from Babylon, Ezra

added the subsequent historical and other writings,which,with other additions by Netnmiah, formed what is known as the Hebrew or

Palestinian canon. It is almost identical with the Jewish scriptures as used by that people today. The reasons for these scriptures being so venerated is suggested [ by Josephus, the Jewish

historian of the first century A.D.

For we have not an innumerable multitude of books among us * * * but only twentytwo books, which contain the records of all the past times, which are justly believed to be divine. And of them, five belong to Moses * * *

But as to the time from the death of Moses till the reign of Artaxerxes, king of

* Colossians 4: 16. "And when this epistlejjhath been read among you, cause

that it be read also in the church of the Laodiceansand that ye also read the epistle from Laodicea."

856 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Persia, the prophets who were after Moses wrote down what was done in their time in thirteen books. The remaining four books contain hymns to God and precepts for the conduct of human life. It is true our. history has been written

since Artaxerxes very particularly, but has not been esteemed of like authority with the former by our forefathers, because there has not been an exact succession of prophets since that time: and how firmly we have given credit to these

books of our nation is evident by what we do, for during so many ages as have already passed, no one has been so bold as either to add anything to them, to take anything from them, or to make any change in them; but it has become natural

to all Jews, immediately and from their very birth, to esteem these books to contain divine doctrines, and to persist in them, and if occasion be, willing to die for them.*

This teaches, no prophet, no revelation, and is in line with both recognized and apocryphal scripture. Amos declares—"Surely the

Lord Jehovah will do nothing, except he reveal his secret unto his servants the prophets. "f Whilst in the apocryphal Maccabees it is stated: "So there was a great affliction in Israel, the like thereof was not

since the time that a prophet was not seen among them. "J * *

"until there should arise a faithful prophet."The Jewish apostasy was in progress for some four hundred years before the coming of Christ, and no books composed after the succession of

prophets had admittedly come to an end, were held worthy of a place in the Hebrew canon. The books of the Maccabees were

written during this period, but, although a faithful history of the events of that period, they were not recognized because, as shown in the above extract, "a prophet was not seen among them."The

absence of prophets, ipso facto, deprived the Jews of the power of receiving revelations from God,—"until there should arise a faithful prophet"This possibly refers to John the Baptist—for he was

indeed faithful, even unto death. The like absence of prophets

after Apostolic times, deprived the early Christian church of this same privilege of immediate communication with, and revelation from, God.

After the return from Babylon, the Jewish community was

* Josephus—Contra Apion, 1-8.

t Amos 3:7.

X I Mace. 9:27.

I I Mace. 14:41.

APOCRYPHAL AND LOST SCRIPTURES. 857

feeble in the extreme. It had no productive power of its own; its

literature began and continued to degenerate. The loss of the

prophetic power, and the conciousness of its loss, explains most of the characteristics of the apocryphal literature of the Old Testament. Evidence both for and against the inspiration of the

Apocryphal books has been sought from various sources. Thus

it has been claimed that the Master and his Apostles, although in the habit of making frequent quotations from the Scriptures, do not quote directly from these Apocryphal writings; still it is admitted that ideas or thoughts seemed to be frequently borrowed

from them. The fact, however, must not be overlooked that

vernacuChrist and his Apostles spoke the Aramaic dialect—the

lar of Palestine, which in the New Testament is designated as Hebrew. Christ and his followers, therefore, used the Hebrew, or

Aramaic, and not the Greek or Septuagint version of the Scriptures.

Consequently, they were not so familiar, probably, with these historical writings; though, no doubt, many of the ideasand thoughts

to be found therein were wellknown to those speaking Aramaic.

Christ's personal speech and sayings were those of his neighbors and kindred. He did not speak the polished language of the educated Greek, Roman or Jew. Like Joseph Smith, he was one of

the people, and spoke and thought in the dialect of the carpenters and fishermen of Galilee, as Joseph did in the colloquialisms of his fellow workers of Vermont and New York. So it is that the

Greek of St. Luke's gospel and the Acts of the Apostles differs

from that of the other writers. St. Luke, as a physician, belonged to a more educated class, and as a result, wrote in a more

polished style. The early Fathers, being of Grecian birth or edu.

cation, used the Greek cr Septuagint translation of the Scriptures, which included the apocryphal writings, and not the original Hebrew or Aramaic. As a result, Origen, Cyprian, Clement of Alexandria, and others, quote and cite the Apocryphal writings as

"Scripture,""Divine,""Inspired,"and at times prefix their remarks or quotations with the words—"as it is written."

The degree of estimation in which the Apocryphal books of the Old Testament have been held in the churches has varied much according to time and place. In 1546 A. D., the Roman canon

was adopted at the Council of Trent. It included all the writings

858 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

translation from the Septuagint.found in the Vulgate—a Latin

In 1672 A. D., the Greek Catholic church came to a similar decision; and in 1870 A. D., some forty years after Joseph Smith began to teach the necessity for direct revelation—the Roman church

awoke tc the fact that such revelation was a necessary constituent of a living church. At this council, the recognized Apocryphal

books were again affirmed.

The Scriptures as used in the Arminian Catholic church are translatedfrom the Peshito, Syriac and Greek texts. In this Arminian version, the order of the books differs somewhat; the

Epistle to the Hebrews precedes those to Timothy and Titus; whilst

in the appendix following the New Testament is found the book of Sirach, Manassah, Paul's Third Epistle to the Corinthians, and an account of John's death. The Protestant churches have differed as much on the question of apocryphal writings as on "predestination,""saving grace,""infant and adult baptism,""baptism by immersion or otherwise,"and other purely doctrinal matters. Luther, in his German translation, with his accustomed

selfreliant judgment, accepts and rejects both the accepted and apocryphal writings at pleasure. He rejected the book of Revelation, calling it neither apostolic nor prophetic. The Epistle of

James, he pronounced unapostolic, and an epistle of straw. Coverdale, in his English translation of 1535, separated the apocryphal from the other books, and set them apart at the end of the Old

Testament, as not having the same authority. From that time,

and up to a comparatively recent period, the recognized apocryphal books were bound up with and formed part of the English Bible but they are now only to be found in special editions, such as those in use on the reading desks of the Episcopal church—some parts

being occasionally read in their services. This church, both in

England and America, in commenting on these books, states: "the

other books (apocryphal) the church doth read for example of life and instruction of manners, but yet doth it not apply them to establish doctrine."* Modern revelation supplies the key, and sets

forth their specific value as follows: f

* Articles of Faith, (Ch. Eng. and Protestant Epis. Ch. Am. ) 6.

t Doctrine and Covenants, sec. 91.

APOCRYPHAL AND LOST SCRIPTURES. 8

1. Verily, thus saith the Lord unto you, concerning the Apocrypha, there

are many things contained therein that are true, and it is mostly translated correctly;

2. There are many things contained therein that are not true, which are

interpolations by the hands of men.

3. Verily, I say unto you, that it is not needful that the Apocrypha should

be translated.

4. Therefore, whoso readeth it, let him understand, for the Spirit manifesteth truth.

5. And whoso is enlightened by the Spirit, shall obtain benefit therefrom;

6. And whoso receiveth not by the Spirit, cannot be benefited, therefore it is

not needful that it should be translated. Amen.

The fourteen Apocryphal books as found in the English Bible, are: 1 Esdras, 2 Esdras; Tobit; Judith; the additions to the book

of Esther; Wisdom of Solomon; Wisdom of Jesus the Son of Sirach,

or Ecclesiasticus; Baruch; Song of the Three Holy Children; History of Susanna; History of the Destruction of Bel and the Dragon;

Prayer of Manasses, King of Judah; 1 Maccabees; 2 Maccabees.

The following from the Apocryphal book of Esdras will interest those who are seeking to trace the route taken by the ten tribes after their departure from Media, the country of their captivity. Esdras, in a dream, beheld a "peaceful multitude,"which

Uriel, the Angel, interpreted as follows:

Those are the ten tribes, which were carried away prisoners out of their own land in the time of Osea, the King, whom Salmanasar, the King of Assyria, led away captive, and he carried them over the waters, and so they came into another land.

But they took this counsel among themselves, that they would leave the multitude of the heathen, and go forth into a further country where never mankind dwelt,

That they might there keep their statutes which they never kept in their own land.

And they entered into Euphrates, by the narrow passages of tie river. For

the Most Figh then showed signs for them, and held still the flood till they were passed over.

For through that country there was a great way to go; namely—of a year

and a half; and the same region is called Arsareth.

Then dwelt they there until the latter time; and now when they shall begin

to come The Highest shall stay the springs of the stream again, that they may go *through; therefore, sawestthou the multitude with peace.

* 2 Esdras 13:4047.

860 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

A reference to a map will show that possibly after leaving

Media, where they had been located by their captors, they directed their journey towards Samaria, but taking "counsel among themselves"they decided to "go forth into a further country."They

accordingly turned north and, instead of crossing over the mountain passes, as is usual with pioneers, they followed the river bank and "entered into Euphrates by the narrow passages (canyons) of the river."This course would lead them to the eastern shores

of the Black Sea, and, still continuing in a northerly direction, they would necessarily cross the Kuban River. On the banks of

this river, and northward,, ancient burial places, the construction of which, the manner of burial, and the jewelry found, all indicate that they were built and used by a people of similar habits to the

Israelites.* It has been suggested that these traveling Israelites

divided into three companies. That one of such companies still

kept in a northerly direction, and in a year and a half reached

Arsareth where they are still waiting "until the latter time."A

scattering of the tribe of Dan gave the name of that tribe to that portion of Scandinavia now known as Denmark, or Danmark. A

second company traveled west, by the Danube, and then to the mouth of the Elb, leaving traces of their journeying in the names of rivers up which they traveled; the Dneiper, the Dneister, etc.

The third company may have traveled up the Don, to the far east, through Siberia and China, and become the ancestors of the Japanese Samurai. Amos declares: "They shall wander from sea

to sea and from the North even to the East."f

Japanese tradition and pictures are said to robe Jimmu Tenno, the first Mikado, who landed in Japan about 660 B. C, in the

armor of Assyria and Media, with the tachi, or short sword of Persia, and shod, like the ancient princes of Israel, with badger skins.

It is further said that the Japanese Imperial family have in their possession rolls handed down from generation to generation, which show all the ancient Hebrew temph instruments and figures whose featurs are Israelitish. In the Shinto temples are found a

Holv of Holies, an ark, a sevenbranched candlestick, and priests

* See, Are we of Israel? by Elder George Reynolds,

t Amos 8:12.

APOCRYPHAL AND LOST SCRIPTURES. 861

in white linen vestments, offering up "Mochi,"or unleavened bread with sweet wine. There is also a wave of first fruits. Several of

the Shinto festivals occur on days corresponding to the Jewish festivals. On the sixth day after birth, a Japanese child is taken

to the temple and dedicated. The chain of coincidences are singular, and afford food for thought.

Does this dream or vision of Esdras give us a kev to the great truths connected with the lost tribes of Israel? If so, this one

subject alone makes the Apocrypha worthy of study. Our elders

are opening up Japan in the expectation of finding many of the seed of Ephraim in that country. Why? Let us seek for the

golden truths which are to be found scattered throughout the

Apocrypha, but in doing so let us not forget the instructions given by the Lord himself through Joseph, the Seer.*

It is frequently asked—"What became of the New Testament

apocryphal writings, that is, of those that were rejected by the

Council of Carthage, in 397 A. D.?"After the Council of Nice,

325 A. D., the Roman branch of the Catholic church became more

and more despotic, and usurped unwarranted power and control over the rest of Christendom, until finally, after some five hundred years of controversy and protestation, Pope Leo the Ninth, and the Patriarch of Constantinople, mutually excommunicated and anathematized each other, and their respective churches. The

Greek Catholic church having thus obtained complete freedom from

Rome, in 1054 A. D., came to be recognized as the leader of the

other Eastern churches, and without usurping arbitrary power became the protector of the Arminian, the Coptic, the Abyssinian and other churches. Some of these churches are being intruded

upon by Rome, but are yet semiindependent. The Arminians

still possess their own canon of Scripture. In the West, the Lutheran and other Protestant offspring of Rome, largely adopted

her canon of the Bible as decreed by the Council of Trent; and,

although some of the apocryphal books of the New Testament are found in the ancient versions, such as 1st Epistle of Clement, in

Codex of Alexandrinus—the Pastor of Hermas, and the Epistles of

Polycarp and Barnabas, in the Codex Sinaiticus, yet, but few of

* Doctrine and Covenants, sec. 91.

862 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

these churches admit these books to a place in their Bibles, or quote them in their controversies. They teach authority too strongvoice of God rather than the voice of man.ly—the

A translation from the Arminian of the apocryphal third

Epistle of Paul to the Corinthians will be given in a future article.

Provo, Utah.

THE CALL.

(For the Improvement Era )

The light of a glorious day hath dawned,

And from the watchtower high, The bugle sounds the ''call to arms,"

Materialism must die.

Men come from the mtuntain; men come from the plain;

Leaving college work, shop and plow.

Quickly they answer their country's call;

Columbia hath need of them now.

The blare of the trumpets, the beat of the drum,

The tread of marching feet, The sight of "Old Glory"waving on high,

Maketh death for one's country sweet.

But they who fight in this long, long war,

Shall be cheered not by music nor voice,

Though when the glorious cause is won,

The noble oLsoul will rejoice.

For the "civic banner"is now unfurled,

And "no quarter"the battle cry;

If Freedom and Justice together reign,

Their enemy Fraud must die.

Neath the "civic banner"of order and law,

Shall this army enlist today, From the best of our brain, the best of our brawn,

To be recruited alway.

Armed with the weapons of virtue and truth,

Honesty, purity, love, Relying on One divine for aid The God who ruleth above.

Maud Baggarley.

Salt Lake City Utah.

THE BORDER LAND,

BY JAMES X. ALLEN, M. D.

It is told of the famous Dean Swift, that on a certain occasion he was in need of a coachman. He betook himself to an

intelligence office in order to secure one. There were several men

sitting on a bench, on one side of the room which he had enteredHe noticed that three of the men wore the dress peculiar to the profession of coachman. Anproaching the first man, he asked him,

"How near can you drive to a precipice without upsetting?"The

answer was prompt and decisive: "i can drive within half a foot

every time, and never upset."

The doctor, not feeling satisf ed with the somewhat startling answer, passed on to the second man: "How near can you drive to

a precipice without upsetting the carriage?"This second man

wmted the job, and was determined to outbid his neighbor, and, therefore, his answer: "I can go within two inches, sir, and come

out safe every time, sir.''

This answer being less satisfactory than the firs\, the great man passed on to the third man, to whom he propounded the same question. The answer was not only emphatic, but equally uncommon in men seeking work: "I don't know.""You don't know?

Why, how is that? These other men seem to know just exactly what

they can do.""That's all right; but I always keep as far from

danger as I can. So you see, never having tried it, I don't know."

The doctor found a man like himself, a thinker, and for that reason an eccentric. It is needless to say that Jack obtained the situation.

I am induced to write this story by witnessing so many of our young people, and not a few older ones, who, like these two coachmen, are, if anything, far too venturesome, they take too 864 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

great risks; they seem to try how near the enemy's kingdom they

can get without losing their citizenship in the Master's kingdom.

They seem to have a desire to make their abode on a neutral strip.

These careless ones, living too near the enemy's lines, are seen more than are the real Latterday Saints, and are taken as samples of "Mormon''lives, which is not fair to their more conscientious neighbors. The late Henry Ward Beecher once told a

story of a stranger who, while walking through a village, saw some apples on the roadside. He stopped and gathered up two or three.

He bit each of them, but did not find them exactly to his liking.

One was wormy, another not ripe, and a third one had bruise spots on it. Looking about him he noticed a large branch of an

apple tree hanging over the wall that enclosed a large orchard. The

boys with rocks had dislodged the fallen apples from a tree which had beed planted too near the road.

Had the stranger judged the orchard by the fruit outside the enclosure, he would have sadly misjudged the planter and the owner of a magnificent fruit plantation.

The Latterday Saint who lives outside the decorum of a real

Christian, is no more a fair specimen of Church members than were the apples outside the enlosure a fair specimen of the fruit in the orchard.

How is it with you, with me, with any of us? We are called

to be Saints. How near, with safety, can we drive to the precipice of apostasy without imperiling our standing in the Church,

and our hope of eternal blessedness?

A feeling of smartness, an overconfidence in ourselves, will not suffice for our safety. ''Let him that thinketh he standeth take

heed lest he fall"(I Cor. 10: 12). "Peter answered and said unto

him, Though all men should be offended because of thee, yet will I not be offended"(Matt. 26: 33). Yet how near the awful brink

of apostasy did this same Peter tread! He was only saved by the

forbearance and loving, merciful heart of an everpatient God.

We can all call to mind instances of smart men, who, like

Peter, have been too selfconfident, and have fallen, but who, unlike the first apostle, have lacked Peter's humility, faith, and trust in a kind Redeemer.

Ogden, Utah.

THE NEW MANIA.

BY CLAUDE T. BARNES.

But not e'en pleasure to excess is good;

What most elates, then sinks the soul as low;

When springtide joy pours in with copious flood,

The higher still the exulting billows flow,

The further back again they flagging go,

And leave us grovelling on the dreary shore.

Thomson: Castle of Indolence.

Nearly everyone has observed cases of that old sort of frenzyknown in medical parlance as "choromania,"a mania for dancing;

but iEsculapius has given us no word descriptive of that new madroller-skating. The indications are unproness—the mania for

pitious; soon the novel craze must be recognized both by pathological students and by moralists. Rome became insensate from

the atrocities of the Colosseum, and delirious with the joys of the theatres, the tables, and the baths; history repeats itself. Rome

fell because its citizens had nothing to do but to eat, to drink, and to be merry, and to give orders to their slaves. Often when

a people have become infatuated with an oddity, a retrogression has taken place, intellectually and morally; posterity alone has

appreciated the cause.

It is a mere truism to say that excess in anything is bad, while moderation may be beneficial. Students of toxicology are well

aware that no exact definition of the term "poison"can be given, because it is impossible to select any group of substances that are poisons under all conditions; the salts of potassium, for instance,

are, in small quantity, not only nonpoisonous, but absolutely necessary to the maintenance of a healthy body, while in larger doses they quickly produce death. As with poisons, so it is with

866 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

amusements: pleasure properly chosen and moderately indulged,

is indispensable and exhilarating, while a surfeit produces a slow moral death. Epictetus has said: "It is the part of a wise man

to resist pleasures, but of a foolish one to be a slave to them."

All manias are alike. The person who cannot resist the insane desire always to be rollerskating labors under impulses similar to those of the kleptomaniac, who cannot overcome the fancy

to steal, or of the pyromaniac, who has a passion for setting fire to everything. Some people, afflicted with tomomania, long to

perform surgical operations; some, suffering from coprolalia, cannot withstand the mania for using obscene words; and others,

overcome by oinomania, must have their intoxicating drink. Is

there any difference between the youth that is crazy over a skating rink and him who, conquered by melomania, has an excessive passion for music? Many an insane asylum contains inmates who are

afflicted merely with melancholia, "the blues."

However, a rage for rollerskating may never entirely overturn a person's mind, and its chief evils lie in another direction.

The very nature of the amusement tends to make it immoralizing.

No girl would think of going to a dance without a respectable partner upon whom she may depend to accompany her safely home; but to the skating rink she may go anytime and alone,

partners not being necessary in the sport. Frequently young

girls and even married women, get into the habit of attending the rink in the afternoon, * and of depending upon a chance acquaintance to escort them home; and idle men and idle young women

soon show signs of what too many cities, too may courts, heartily deplore.

It has long been known that a very large per cent of the divorces of New York City germinate in the skating rinks, while elsewhere the evils of the craze are being rapidly appreciated.

In many cities of America, it is not only unseemly, but disreputable to be seen at such places of amusement, and only a lower class

* [A traveler actually reported that in a southern settlement, wives left their dinner dishes, and neglected their duties, secular and religious, to buckle on the skates,—Editors.and Jsport in the rink, and, of course, men and boys were doubtless as bad.

THE NEW MAMA. 867

attend?. When one reflects that virtue or vice is, to an immature

mind, largely a matter of environment, one cannot resist a feeling of solicitude at the growth of probably the most virulent of all the pastimes found in our communities. Its dangers are recorded

in the law reports; but elsewhere little or no warning is given.

If, when Damocles was seated at the banquet to which Dionysius had invited him, he had not known that above his head hung a sword by a single hair, he undoubtedly would have enjoyed that sumptuous repast given in his honor. Thousands of the youth of

the Latterday Saints are infatuated with rollerskating without any comprehension of the pitfalls it contains, though if they really knew, the sincere in heart would be as anxious to leave it alone as Damocles was to leave the emperor's table.

Public opinion is a very strong force in the maintenance of a moral equilibrium; but even public opinion must be based upon

experience. The perils of rollerskating will not be acknowledged

by the majority of the Latterday Saints until some few of our youth have met defilement through it; but then the dehortation

will be too late. As Lord Avebury said:

When there are so many innocent pleasures, why choose any which are bad, or even doubtful? At any rate, exhaust the good, if you can; it will then be time

enough to think of others.

Let not Lord Avebury's warning meet the fate of the prophecies of Cassandra, which Apollo caused no one to believe.

Kaysville, Utah.

THE SUNSET SEA.

Come fly with me to the Sunset Sea, To live near thee, Mystic Sea,

In the land of liberty, Seemed death and misery,

Where mount and lea yield bounteously! Till industry and agony

Where thrives the honeybee. Brought pulsing life and glee!

Oh didst thou see sublimity Work heartily, yes, mightily!

Beside the Inland Sea; Help save humanity!

The ancestry and destiny And thou shalt be in ecstasy

Of Saints so brave and free? Beyond Life's Sunset Sea!

Salt Lake City, Utah. W. J. Kohlberg.

THE HISTORY OF RASSELAS.

PRINCE OF ABYSSINIA.

BY SAMUEL JOHNSON, LL.. D.

CHAPTER XLIII.

THE ASTRONOMER LEAVES IMLAC HIS DIRECTIONS.

'Hear, therefore, what I shall impart with attention, such as the welfare of a world requires. If the task of a king be considered as difficult, who has the care only of a few millions, to

whom he cannot do much good or harm, what must be the anxiety of him, on whom depends the action of the elements, and the great gifts of light and heat? Hear me, therefore, with attention.

"'I have diligently considered the position of the earth and sun, and formed innumerable schemes in which I changed their situation.

I have sometimes turned aside the axis of the earth, and sometimes varied the ecliptic of the sun: but I have found it impossible to

make a disposition by which the world may be advantaged; what

one region gains another loses by an imaginable alteration, even without considering the distant parts of the solar system with which we are acquainted. Do not, therefore, in thy administration of the year, indulge thy pride by innovation; do not please

thyself with thinking that thou canst make thyself renowned to all future ages,-by disordering the seasons. The memory of mischief is no desirable fame. Much less will it become thee to let

kindness or interest prevail. Never rob other countries of rain to

pour it on thine own. For us the Nile is sufficient.

"I promised, that when I possessed the power, I would use it with inflexible integrity; and he dismissed me, pressing my hand.

'My heart, 'said he, 'will be now at rest, and my benevolence will no more destroy my quiet; I have found a man of wisdom and virTHE HISTORY OF RASSELAS. 8G9

tue, tc whom I can cheerfully bequeath the inheritance of the sun.'The prince heard this narration with very serious regard;

but the princess smiled, and Pekuah convulsed herself with laughter. "Ladies,"said Imlac, "to mock the heaviest of human afflictions is neither charitable nor wise. Few can attain this man's

knowledge and few practice his virtues; but all may suffer his calamity. Of the uncertainties of our present state, the ixost dreadful and alarming is the uncertain continuance of reason."

The princess was recollected, and the favorite was abashed.

Rasselas, more deeply affected, inquired of Imlac, whether he thought such maladies of the mind frequent, and how they were contracted.

CHAPTER XLIV.

THE DANGEROUS PREVALENCE OF IMAGINATION.

"Disorders of intellect,"answered Imlac, "happen much more ofteu than superficial observers will easily believe. Perhaps, if

we speak with rigorous exactness, no human mind is in its right state. There is no man whose imagination does not sometimes

predominate over his reason, who can regulate his attention wholly by his will, and whose ideas will come and go at his command. No man will be found in whose mind airy notions do not

sometimes tyrannize, and force him to hope or fear beyond the limits of sober probability. All power of fancy over reason is a

degree of insanity; but while this power is such as we can control

and repress, it is not visible to others, nor considered as any depravation of the mental faculties: it is not pronounced madness but

wher it becomes ungovernable, and apparently influences speech or action. "To indulge the power of fiction, and send imagination out upon the wing, is often the sport of those who delight too much in silent speculation. When we are alone we are not always busy;

the labor of excogitation is too violent to last long; the ardor of

inquiry will sometimes give wav to idleness or satiety. He who

has nothing external that can divert him must find pleasure in his own thoughts, and must conceive himself what he is not; for who

is pleased with what he is? He then expatiates in boundless futu870 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

rity, and culls from all imaginable conditions that which for the present moment he should most desire, amuses his desires with impossible enjoyments, and confers upon his pride unattainable dominion The mind dances from scene to scene, unites all pleasures in all combinations, and riots in delights which nature and fortune, with all their bounty, cannot bestow.

"In time, some particular train of ideas fixes *"he attention;

all other intellectual gratifications are rejected; the mind, in weariness or leisure, recurs constantly to the favorite conception, and

feasts on the luscious falsehood whenever she is offended with the bitterness of truth. By degrees the reign of fancy is confirmed;

she grows first imperious, and in time despotic. Then fictions begin to operate as realities, false opinions fasten upon the mind,

and life passes in dreams of rapture or of anguish.

"This, sir, is ore of the dangers of solitude, which the hermit has confessed not always to promote goodness, and the astronomer's misery has proved to be not always propitious to wisdom.

"I will no more,"said the favorite, "imagine myself the queen of Abyssinia. I have often spent the hours, which the princess gave to my own disposal, in adjusting ceremonies and regulating the court; I have repressed the pride of the powerful, and

granted the petitions of the poor; I have built new palaces in more

happy situations, planted groves upon the tops of mountains, and have exulted in the beneficence of royalty, till, when the princess entered, I had almost forgotten to bow down before her."

"And I,"said the princess, "will not allow myself anymore to play the shepherdess in my waking dreams. I have often soothed

my thoughts with the quiet and innocence of pastoral employments, till I have, in my chamber, heard the winds whistle and the sheep bleat; sometimes freed the lamb entangled in the thicket, and

sometimes with my crook encountered the wolf. I have a dress

like that of the village maids, which I put on to help my imagination, and a pipe, on which I play softly, and suppose myself followed by my flocks."

"I will confess,"said the prince, "an indulgence of fantastic delight more dangerous than yours. I have frequently endeavored to imagine the possibility of a perfect government, by which

all wrong should be restrained, all vice reformed, and all the subTHE HISTORY OF RASSELAS. 871

jects preserved in tranquility and innocence. This thought produced innumerable schemes of reformation, and dictated many

useful regulations and salutary edicts. This has been the sport,

and sometimes the labor, of my solitude; and I start, when I think

with how little anguish I once supposed the death of my father and my brothers. '

"Such,"says Imlac, "are the effects of visionary schemes.

When we first form them we know them to be absurd, but familiarize them by degrees, and in time lose sight of their folly.

CHAPTER XLV.

THEY DISCOURSE WITH AN OLD MAN.

The evening was now far passed, and they rose to return home.

As they walked along the bank of the Nile, delighted with the beams of the moon quivering on the water, they saw at a small distance an old man, whom the prince had often heard in the assembly of the sages. "Yonder,"said he, "is one whose years

have calmed his passions, but not clouded his reason: let us close

the disquisitions of the night by inquiring what are his sentiments of his own state, that we may know whether youth alone is to struggle with vexation, and whether any better hope remains for the latter part of life."

Here the sage approached and saluted them. They invited

him to join their walk, and prattled a while, as acquaintances that had unexpectedly met one another. The old man was cheerful

and talkative, and the way seemed short in his company. He was

pleased to find himself not disregarded, accompanied them to their house, and, at the prince's request, entered with them. They

placed him in the seat of honor, and set wine and conserves before him. "Sir,"said the princess, "an evening walk must give to a man of learning, like you, pleasures which ignorance and youth can hardly conceive. You know the qualities and the causes of

all that you behold, the laws by which the river flows, the periods in which the planets perform their revolutions. Everything must

supply you with contemplation, and renew the consciousness of your own dignity."

872 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

"Lady,"answered he, "let the gay and the vigorous expect pleasure in their excursions; it is enough that age can obtain ease.

To me the world has lost its novelty: I look round and see what I

remember to have seen in happier days. I rest against a tree,

and consider that in the same shade I once disputed upon the annual overflow of the Nile with a friend that is now silent in the grave. I cast my eyes upwards, fix them on the changing moon,

and think with pain on the vicissitudes of life. I have ceased to

take much delight in physical truth; for what have I to do with

those things which I am soon to leave?"

"You may at least recreate yourself,"said Imlac, "with the recollection of an honorable and useful life, and enjoy the praise which all agree to give you."

"Praise,"said the sage, with a sigh, "is to an old man an empty sound. I have neither mother to be delighted with the

reputation of her son, nor wife to pertake the honors of her husband. I have outlived my friends and my rivals. Nothing is now

of much importance; for I cannot extend my interest beyond myself. Youth is delighted with applause, because it is considered

as the earnest of some future good, and because the prospect of life is far extended; but to me, who am now declining to decrepitude there is little to be feared from the malevolence of men, and

yet less to be hoped from their affection or esteem. Something

they may yet take away, but they can give me nothing. Riches

would now be useless, and high employment would be pain. My

retrospect of life recalls to my view many opportunities of good neglected, much time squandered upon trifles, and moie lost in idleness and vagrancy. I leave many great designs un attempted,

and many great attempts unfinished. My mind is burdened with

no heavy crime, and therefore I compose myself to tranquility:

endeaver to abstract my thoughts from hopes and cares, which, though reason knows them to be vain, still try to keep their old possession of the heart; except, with serene humility, that hour

which nature cannot long delay; and hope to possess, in a better

state, that happiness which here I could not find, and that virtue which here I have not attained."

He rose and went away, leaving his audience not much elated with the hope of long life. The prince consoled himself with reTHE HISTORY OF RASSELAS. 873

marking, that it was not reasonable to be disappointed by this account; for age had never been considered as the season of felicity;

and if it was possible to be easy in decline and weakness, it was likely that the days of vigor and alacrity might be happy: that the

noon of life could be bright if the evening could be calm.

The princess suspected that age was querulous and malignant, and delighted to repress the expectations of those who had newly entered the world. She had seen the possessors of estates

look with envy on their heirs, and knew many who enjoyed pleasure no longer than they could confine it to themselves.

Pekuah conjectured that the man was older than he appeared, and was willing to impute his complaints to delirious dejection; or

else supposed that he had been unfortunate, and was therefore discontented; "For nothing,"said she, "is more common than to

call our own condition the condition of life."

Imlac, who had no desire to see them depressed, smiled at the comforts which they could so readily procure to themselves, and remembered that at the same age, he was equally confident of unmingled prosperity, and equally fertile of consolatory expedients. He forbore to force upon them unwholesome knowledge,

which time itself would too soon impress. The princess and her

lady retired; the madness of the astronomer hung upon their

minds, and they desired Imlac to enter upon his office, and delay next morning the rising of the sun.

CHAPTER XLVI.

THE PRINCESS AND PEKUAH VISIT THE ASTRONOMER.

The princess and Pekuah, having talked in private of Imlac's astronomer, thought his character at once so amiable and so strange that they could not be satisfied without a nearer knowledge; and Imlac was requested to find the means of bringing them

together.

This was somewhat difficult; the philosopher had never received any visits from women, though he lived in a city that had

in it many Europeans who followed the manners of their own countries, and many from other parts of the world that lived there with European liberty. The ladies would not be refused, and

874 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

several schemes were proposed for the accomplishment of their design. It was proposed to. introduce them as strangers in distress, to whom the sage was always accessible; but, after some deliberation, it appeared that by this artifice no acquaintance could

be formed, for their conversation would be short, and they could not decently importune him often. "This,"said Raselas, "is true;

but I have yet a stronger objection against the misrepresentation of your state. I have always considered it as treason against the

great republic of human nature to make any man's virtues the means of deceiving him, whether on great or little occasions. All

imposture weakens confidence and chills benevolence. When the

sage finds that you are not what you seemed, he will feel the resentment natural to a man who, conscious of great abilities, discovers that he has been tricked by understandings meaner than his own; and, perhaps, the distrust which he can never afterwards

wholly lay aside, may stop the voice of counsel and close the hand of charity; and where will you find the power of restoring his benefactions to mankind or his peace to himself?"

To this no reply was attempted, and Imlac began to hope that their curiosity would subside; but, next day, Pekuah told him she

had now found an honest pretense for a visit to the astronomer, for she would solicit permission to continue under him the studies in which she had been initiated by the Arab, and the princess might go with her either as a fellowstudent, or because a woman could not decently come alone. "I am afraid,"said Imlac, "that he will

be soon weary of your company; men advanced far in knowledge

do not love to repeat the elements of their art, and I am not certain that even of the elements, as he will deliver them connected with references and mingled with reflections, you are a very capable auditress."

"That,"said Pekuah, "must be my care. I ask of you only

to take me thither. My knowledge is, perhaps, more than you

imagine it; and, by concurring always with his opinions, I shall

make him think it greater than it is."

The astronomer, in pursuance of this resolution, was told that a foreign lady, traveling in search of knowledge, had heard of his reputation, and was desirous to become his scholar. The uncommonness of the proposal raised at once his surprise and curiosity:

WHOLESOME READING. 875

and when, after a short deliberation, he consented to admit her, he could not stay without impatience till the next day.

The ladies dressed themselves magnificently, and were attended by Imlac to the astronomer, who was pleased to see himself approached with respect by persons of so splendid an appearance.

In the exchange of the first civilities he was timorous and bashful;

but when the talk became regular, he recollected his powers, and justified the character which Imlac had given. Inquiring of Pekuah what could have turned her inclination towards astronomy,

he received from her a history of her adventure at the pyramid and of the time passed in the Arab's island. She told her tale

with ease and elegance, and her conversation took possession of his heart. The discourse was then turned to astronomy; Pekuah

displayed what she knew; he looked upon her as a prodigy of genius, and entreated her not to desist from a study which she had so

happily begun.

They came again and again, and were every time more welcome than before. The sage endeavored to amuse them, that

they might prolong their visits, for he found his thoughts grow brighter in their company; the clouds of solitule vanished by degrees, as he forced himself to entertain them; and he grieved

when he was left at their departure to his old employment of regulating the seasons.

The princess and her favorite had now watched his lips for several months, and could not catch a single word from which they could judge whether he continued, or not, in the opinion of his preternatural commission. They often contrived to bring him

to an open declaration: but he easily eluded all their attacks, and

on which side soever they pressed him escaped from them to some other topic.

As their familiarity increased, they invited him often to the house of Imlac where they distinguished him by extraordinary respect. He began gradually to delight in sublunary pleasures.

He came early, and departed late; labored to recommend himself

by assiduity and compliance; excited their curiosity after new arts,

that they might still want his assistance; and when they made any

excursion of pleasure or inquiry, entreated to attend them.

By long experience of his integrity and wisdom, the prince 876 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

and his sister were convinced that he might be trusted without danger; and, lest he should draw any false hopes from the civilities which he received, discovered to him their condition, with

the motives of their journey; and required his opinion on the choice

of life. ''Of the various conditions which the world spreads before you, which you shall prefer,"said the sage, "I am not able to instruct you. 1 can only tell that I have chosen wrong. I have

passed my time in study without experience; in the attainment of

sciences which can, for the most part, be but remotely useful to mankind. I have purchased knowledge at the expense of all the

common comforts of life; I have missed the endearing elegance

of female friendship, and the happy commerce of domestic tenderness. If I have obtained any prerogatives above other students,

they have been accompanied with fear, disquiet, and scrupulosity:

but even of these prerogatives, whatever they were, I have, since my thoughts have been diversified by more intercourse with the world, begun to question the reality. When I have been for a few

days lost in pleasing dissipation, I am always tempted to think that my inquiries have ended in error, and that I have suffered much, and suffered it in vain."

Imlac was delighted to find that the sage's understanding was breaking through its mists, and resolved to detain him from the planets till he should forget his task of ruling them, and reason should recover its original influence.

From this time the astronomer was received into familiar friendship, and partook of all their projects and pleasures: his

respect kept him attentive, and the activity of Rasselas did not leave much time unengaged. Something was always to be done;

the day was spent in making observations, which furnished talk for the evening, and the evening was closed with a scheme for the morrow.

The sage confessed to Imlac, that since he had mingled in the gay tumults of life, and divided his hours by a succession of amusements, he found the conviction of his authority over the skies fade gradually from his mind, and began to trust less to an opinion which he never could prove to others, and which he now found subject to variation from causes in which reason had no

THE HIS10R Y OF RASSELA S. 877

part. ''If I am accidentally left alone for a few hours,"said he,

"my inveterate persuasion rushes upon my soul, and my thoughts are chained down by some irresistible violence; but they are soon

disentangled by the prince's conversation, and instantaneously released at the entrance of Pekuah. I am like a man habitually

afraid of specters, wbo is set at ease by a lamp, and wonders at the dread which harassed him in the dark; yet, if his lamp be extinguished, feels again the terrors which he knows that, when it

is light, he shall feel no more. But I am sometimes afraid less I

indulge my quiet by criminal negligence, and voluntarily forget the great charge with which I am intrusted. If I favor myself in

a known error, or am determined by my own ease in a doubtful question of this importance, how dreadful is my crime!"

"No disease of the imagination,"answered Imlac, "is so difficult to cure as that which is complicated with the dread of guilt fancy and conscience then act interchangeable upon us, and so often shift their places that the illusions of one are not distinguished from the dictates of the other. If fancy presents images

not moral or religious, the mind drives them away when they give it pain; but when melancholic notions take the form of duty, they

lay hold on the faculties without opposition, because we are afraid to exclude or banish them. For this reason the superstitious are

often melancholy, and the melancholy almost always superstitious.

"But do not let the suggestions of timidity overpower your better reason: the danger of neglect can be but as the probability

of the obligation, which when you consider it with freedom, you find very little, and that little growing every day less. Open your

heart to the influence of the light which, from time to time, breaks in upon you: when scruples importune you, which you in your lucid

moments know to be vain, dc not stand to parley, but fly to business or to Pekuah, and keep this thought always prevalent, that you are only one atom of the mass of humanity, and have neither such virtue nor vice as that you should be singled out for supernatural favors or afflictions."

[to be concluded in next number.]

THINGS WORTH WHILE.

BY LELLA MARLER HOGGAN.

The divine end of creation is righteous joy. Man's ideal of

happiness differs according to his intelligence. What is joy to

one may be pain to another.

Bound up in each man's soul is a personal something which makes him different from his fellows. The characteristics of that

individuality are interwoven into his life in such a way as to express to the world his inner or true self; and try as he may, he

cannot bide that personality; he cannot get away from himself.

The inspired man who looks into the hearts of others and catches their sacred joys and sorrc ws, always weaves those experiences and emotions about his own personality when he gives them to us to enjoy.

In the sculptor's stone, we find the image of his ideal; on the

artist's canvas we see portrayed the things which have touched his life; and in the poet's song, we find his soul revealed.

And so it is that each one reaches out for happiness in a different way from his fellows. He places the greatest value on

the things that appeal to his personality. That which is related

to him becomes dear to him.

The baby asks, "Is it mine, my very own?"and when he is

told that it is, he involuntarily cries, "How pretty; how good!"

And often the man does not outgrow the childish feeling. When

he sees that which is good and beautiful, his first desire is to encompass it into a narrow limit; to make of it a personal chattel to

which he can set claim, The admirer of beauty looks upon the glowing sunset with a regret in his heart that he cannot possess it by putting it on a meager bit of canvas.

THINGS WORTH WHILE. 879

And because man's time and effort are largely governed by this personal element, he fails to discover the things in life that are really worth while. He doss not stop to consider the true value,

the divine value of things. If his own selfish stamp is upon an object, it is dearer to him than if God's value mark is upon it. He

reaches out for material objects. He desires to possess goods of

intrinsic value. He does not realize that they are only of temporary worth; that with a change in conditions their value will be

swept away, and like the Kobold's "KeyFlower"jewels, they will be as pebbles and dead leaves.

That which can be placed in a leathern pocketbook or inclosed within four walls is of meager worth so far as the divine seal of value is concerned.

Man has not yet learned to place the correct value marks on the works of God. But as he grows farther away from himself

and nearer to God, as his world grows larger and better, he will be able to discern the true value more clearly.

Those things which have an eternal worth, which tend to the betterment of man, and which in the end, make for the advancement of God's purposes in the earth, those things are worth the cost; and those things belong to all men. God intended that it

should be so. But he who would have most, according to divine

law, must give most.

A man's world is measured by his generosity. He receives in

proportion as lie gives. And each man gets out of this big, happy, wholesome world all that he is capable of possessing and enjoying.

All eternal gifts grow greater and better by being shared with humanity. A man may have the opulence of heaven, if he

prepares to enjoy it and to share it with his fellows. But he cannot retain in his personal clutches even the beggar's portion.

Eternal gifts cannot be clung to; they cannot be held by locks and

keys, nor by safety banks and iron bars.

This world is a grand old circling unit; and the law of compensation is in harmony with the eternal laws of the universe. If

man gives nothing out, there is nothing to come back to him.

For each man gets according to his deserts. He receives only

what he paysfor.

880 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

If a man has not received that which he thinks he.deserves,

let him look into his life. How much of that life has he given

out? How many good things in his soul has he shared with the

world? When he has received any blessed message, or wrought

out any eternal truth, has he passed it on to his fellow men?

When he has conquered some vice or made bis way over some pitfall, has he assisted his brother to the better way? Has he sanctified his sorrows to the purification of his soul, and then shared

that purer, better life with humanity? Has he shared his best

books, his best friends, his best experiences, and his best thoughts with those who would appreciate them? When

he has met a great and a good man, has he loved him less because he had no claim on the man's goodness and power? Or has he let

his stingy little self be swallowed up, for a time, in his admiration of the man and his gratitude to God that the world possessed so much of good? After all, what portion of his life and love has he given

to the world; and what share has the world returned? If he

look at his meager gifts, he will know that as much has been bestowed upon him as he has paid for.

When man learns to appreciate all things of worth, because of their worthiness, and not because of their relationship to himself, then will he have grown into the higher law. He will not

desire to place a narrow, jealous ownership on all things good.

When he finds any worthy gift, he will be glad to share it with all men.

He will then know that he may possess that which is dear to him, not merely by the law of personal ownership, but by that greater law, the law which gives to each man to enjoy the things which his soul is prepared to appreciate.

And in all his generosity, let him remember that the goods, and the hearts, and the souls of others, are not his to give; he

must hold sacred their rights.

Let each man look into his soul; let him weigh and measure

it, and if he finds that it is mean and small, let him reach out for a more generous, wholesouled life, and he will find that, if he cast his small portion on the water, after many days, it will return to him, heavyladen with the wholesome gifts it has gathered,

Let him appreciate his individuality and make of himself all.:

THINGS WORTH WHILE. * 881

that God designed that he should; then let him continually give

that self to the world, that the world, knowing him, may bestow its gifts upon him. And though, through desert, he may gain a

God's share of life's blessings, let him not attempt to hold them in a selfish clutch.

Remember that Judas lost his heavenly inheritance by clinging to thirty paltry pieces of silver; while Christ gained an eternal

and glorious salvation by giving his mortal body for sacrifice.

Lewisville, Idaho.

LISTEN TO THE SPIRIT'S VOICE.

(For the Improvement Era.)

Oh listen to the Spirit's voice, Oh listen to the Spirit's voice, 'Twill guide you through each day, The tempter then will flee;

And plant your feet more firmly in If you will heed that warning voice,

The straight and narrow way. He'll ne'er return to thee.

Oh listen to the Spirit's voice, Oh listen to the Spirit's voice,

And then you'll be secure; When your cross seems hard to bear,

Though Satan's hosts may do their best For close beside that cross I see

Your pathway to obscure. The Savior kneeling there.

Oh listen to the Spirit's voice; Oh listen to the Spirit's voice,

Oh listen while you're free, You will be happy then,: "My Spirit willFor unto whom you list to serve, For Father said

His servant you will be. Not always strive with men."

Oh listen to the Spirit's voice Oh listen to the Spirit's voice,

While youth is in it's bloom, His call is one of love

Wait not until your friends have laid 'Twill lead you back to Father's house,

Your body in the tomb In his mansions up above.

Mesa, Arizona. M. A. Stewart,

WHEN THE STOVE SMOKED.*

BY NEPHI ANDERSON, AUTHOR OF THE "CASTLE BUILDER""MARCUS

KING,""ADDED UPON,"ETC.

The old stove was surely out of commission. At the party

the night before, some dancers had knocked it down, resulting in a lot of bent stove pipe and a broken iron leg. It was the evening

for the deacons'quorum, and the boys were trying to straighten out the piping and substitute a brick for the missing leg. They

had barely succeeded before the time for the meeting arrived. A

fire was hastily built, but the smoke, refusing to escape through its accustomed channel, poured from the stove into the room

There was a good deal of coughing and sneezing when the bishop came in. He stood for a few moments looking at the scene, and

then said: "Boys, there's a nice, warm fire over to our house. If you

will all come over with me, we will adjourn this meeting until next week."The boys were more than willing. The room was cold and

smoky, and soot covered the floor and seats, as also the faces and hands of some of the boys. The boys needed not a second

invitation to visit the bishop at his home—they had been there

before.

A few minutes later, ten expectant boys sat around the bishop's large dining room table. The sootiest of them had washed

in the kitchen sink, and their faces shone clean and red in the lamplight. The fire in the grate threw out a cheerful warmth. The

boys felt and looked cozy.

* The associate editor of the Era says that a tit'e should not suggest the nature of the story.—N. A.

WHEN THE STOVE SMOKED. 883

"It happened when I was a boy about the age of George, here,"began the bishop, "when we lived upon the Weber river, and shall never forget it as long as I live."

The bishop stopped, took from his inside coat pocket a package of letters, and began looking them over. One of the boys,

fearful that the bishop would not go on, asked, "Forget what?"

The bishop smiled as he took a letter from the handful, looked at it a moment, and then laid it on the table.

"Oh, I'll tell you about it,"he said. "This letter is from Thomas

Mason, a boyhood friend of mine, who is now on his second mission to Great Britain. He mentions the incident of many years

ago in his letter, and I thought you boys would be interested in it."There was a chorus of affirmatives, as the boys drew their chairs close to the table. The bishop sat at the head in the easy

chair, presiding, as was his wont and duty, at a meeting of the deacon's quorum.

"My father was a farmer,"said the bishop, "and as I was the only boy, I learned early to work. The horses were my special

charge. I had to turn them out and get them home again. Across

the river from our place the hills come down close. Small streams

had cut their way through, forming a number of gullies. These

at their lower part where they joined the river formed small, level plots, covered with brush and grass. In summer, when I turned

the horses out over night, I could usually find them in one of these small valleys in the morning.

"One spring day—I remember it was about noon, for I was

I crossed the foot bridge which spanned the river. Thehungry—

river was very high that spring, and the frail bridge was in danger of being washed away. The river was also filled with railroad

ties. I'll have to explain that the ties were cut up in the mountains and floated down on the high water. It was quite an event

in our boylive when the 'tie men'came down the river in their red flannel shirts and big boots, dislodging the ties from the many jams which they made, sending them floating on down the turbulent stream.

"I did not find the horses on the nearest plat, so I climbed 884 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

over the ridge to the next hollow. From the hill I saw, not my

horses, but a big Indian encampment. It was the biggest I had

ever seen. Wigwams filled the narrow valley and horses were

picketed all around.

"Usually, I was not afraid of Indians. Everv year a band of

them camped somewhere along the hills, or in the meadows by the river, and we boys used to visit them frequently. The squaws made

daily trips to the village, begging for 'biscuit,'and selling beadcovered moccasins. The Indian men were a lazy, shiftless lot.

They did some hunting in the nearby mountains, sometimes bringing to camp a deer, which they turned over to the squaws, who dressed the hide and cured the meat in the sun.

"I stood looking down on that camp for some time. There

had been rumors of an Indian outbreak on some reservation; that

many of them were coming this way; that these Indians were not

so civil as they might be, etc. I had listened to these tales as

told at the village store, and they had made an impression on me.

I had also heard that Indians were great horse thieves.

"I decided that I must find my horses as soon as possible. I

went down the hill into the camp, a little timidly, I must confess.

There was considerable bustle about the camp, as though it were about to move, though it could not have been there very long. The

dogs barked at my approach, and the squaws scowled at me—or

at least I imagined that they did. I knew some of the Indians

that made yearly visits to our locality, but I did not recognize any in the groups that were lounging about.

"In one tent which I approached, a number of buck Indians were playing some kind of game, which, I have been told, was gambling. I stood at the tent door looking at them for a few

minutes when one of the ugliest of them looked up at me and with a grunt said:

M 'What want?'

"I explained that I was looking for my horses. Had they

seen any not their own?

"'No seen horses,'said the Indian—'you git.'

"I got away from that encampment as though I were not afraid; but to tell the truth, I was. I saw no horses that looked

like mine, though there were some in the brush that I could not see.

WHEN THE STOVE SM1KED. 885

"I searched nearly aU afternoon for my horses, but did not find them. Evening was coming on, but I did not like to go home

without them. Coming back by way of the encampment, I found

that it had gone,—tents, horses, bucks, squaws, and halfnaked

papooses,—all had disappeared, and there was the beatendown

grass, and the ashes, not yet cold.

"A great fear came to me. The Indians might have my

horses! What could I do! All sorts of notions went through my

mind. Though out of sight, the Indiars could not be far away,

and I could easily trace their route by the marks made by the horses and the dragging tent poles. I had no clear idea what I

could do, but I found myself following the plain trail around the foothills and down to the river. That I must get my horses was

the uppermost thought in my mind, but how, did not occur to me.

"I must have run along the trail for some time, for soon I saw a cloud of dust in front. Boys, I had read no dime novels,

and had no foolish ideas of adventure. I was simply engrossed

in getting my horses, and, boylike, I did not stop to reason on how to get them.

"I followed those Indians for perhaps another half hour, and then the trail turned abruptly across the river. There wasn't

much of a ford here. A horse could cross easily, but a small boy

couldn't. The river was high and swift flowing, and ties came

floating down in great numbers as though a big jam had recently been loosed above.

"I imagined the Indians would camp on the other side, so I was bent on getting across. I looked up and down for some possible

crossing, but I could see none. It was getting late, and thoughts

of home came to me. I was tired and very hungry.

I found a big jau of ties. "Down the stream a short distance,

They had lodged against a big rock in the middle of the river, and by the aid of some drift wood on both sides, a bridge had been formed. I stepped onto a tie and found it quite firm; I passed onto

the next, and then the next. My weight must have disturbed the

nice balance in the bridge, because no sooner had I reached the rock in the midJle of the stream than a tie floated from the jam, and then another, and in a moment the whole bridge broke into pieces and went scurrying down the river.

886 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

1 'A good many ties still clung to the rock upon which I had climbed; but the channels on both sides were filled with pitching,

bumping timbers. I could not have crossed the swiftflowing

stream, even had there been no danger from the floating ties.

"I clung to the rock for some time, hardly knowing where I was. Then I began to realize that I was in the middle of the

river, with rushing waters all around me, and the sky darkening overhead. I forgot there were horses or Indians. What could I

do? I found a comfortable position on the rock, out of reach of

the water, so that I was in no danger of being washed off; but

there I was. I could do nothing but sit and wait.

"But wait for what? I remember the plaintive song of a

mourning dove from the hill, and it nearly made me cry. The

shadows on the river were getting dark. I was a good distance

from home, and the folks would never think of looking for me

I have to sit on that rock all night?where I was—would

"Well, what else could I do but sit and wait? The night grew

darker. The day noises ceased, and the night noises were heard.

I did not know before that there is such a difference between these noises. Every little sound startled me; that was because I

was nervous. My feet we e wet, and I became cold. And, oh,

how hungry I was! I thought of the folks at home, and wondered

whether I should ever see them again.

"I guess I cried a little, and then I said my prayers, not once as usual, but, I remember, I repeated them. I promised the Lord

a good many things which I have tried to live up to.

"The hours went on, but they seemed like years to me, I tell you, boys, a good many things came to me—the mean things

which I had done, and the good things which I had not done. I

recollect the blackest thing that stood before me was that the day before I had permitted my mother to get the wood which she had asked me to bring. It was, perhaps, not such a great wrong, but it

loomed up before me greater than all the rest.

"After awhile the moon arose. I watched the light grow

behind the hills, and then a shining edge came to view. How

big and bright that moon was when at last it sailed, full and round, into the sky! The water gleamed and sparkled in the

moonlight, and the night lost its dreaded darkness. It was like the

WHEN THE STOVE SMOKED. 887

coming of a dear friend, and I have always liked the moon from that night.

"Very few ties now floated by, but once in a while one would lodge for an instant by the rock on which I was sitting. Then it

occurred to me that I might float on a tie down the river. Therewere risks, but anything was better than sitting all night on the

rock. I received new life from the thought, and watching my

chance, I slid off the rock and got onto a tie. I became wet

through in doing so, but safely straddled a big tie, and in a moment

I shot out into the stream.

"Under different circumstances this ride might have been great fun, but it wasn't that night. I pushed away the ties that

came dangerously near. Sometimes I could feel the river bottom

grate under my feet, but I dared not get off my float, because of the swiftness of the current. Then I got into a deep, eddying pool.

I floated round and round, making no progress down the river. I

have no idea how many times I went around that eddy. My legs

being in the cold water became benumbed with cold. I might have

slid off the tie and tried to swim to shore; but there was great

danger in that; besides, I was now getting weak and worn out,

with very little energy or ambition left.

''Then I felt myself getting drowsy. That was a bad sign,

but I did not know it. I felt more comfortable than ever. Presently, in the still, night air, I heard some one singing. I awoke

from stupor and listened. It was a girl's voice, and the song was

school song. I thought I had never heardone I knew—a Sunday

voice can be! And, bysuch a sweet voice—how sweet a human

the way, I think that voice is yet the sweetest I ever hear.

"Just then I left the pool and again shot out into the stream.

As I came around a bend in the river, I saw a bridge and a wagon going across it. I shouted as loud as I could, and the wagon

stopped. As I neared the bridge the current became stronger,

and I came with a big bump against the side of the bridge. I felt

a pain in my leg, and then there was a confused blurr. Just as I

lost consciousness it seemed to me that the cold water went over my head."The bishop paused as though he was through with his story.

He picked up the letter from the table, looked at it a moment,

888 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

folded it, and put it back in his pocket. The boys sat expectantly.

The bishop's wife came into the room to put some coal on the fire, and he, reaching around, got hold of her arm and drew her up to his chair. "Do you remember, my dear,"he said, "that night when you and your brother Tom dragged me half dead from the Weber river?""I should think I do,"she replied.

"Well, say, haven't we a pan of apples for the boys? The

stove smoked terribly over in the meetinghouse—a habit equally

like smoke; but we likebad in stoves as in boys—and we don't

big, red, juicy ones, mother,"apples—the

In a few minutes a heaping pan of apples was on the table, and each one helped himself. They munched away in silence

for a few minutes, and one of them asked "Did the Indians steal your horses?"

The bishop smiled. "That's right, George,"he said to the

boy, "never lose sight of the main point. No; the Indians did

least, not for keeps. They were foundnot steal our horses—at

standing at the corral bars the next morning, apparently having come home of their own accord—something they had never been

known to do before."

Salt Lake City, Utah.

ADVICE ON HOW TO SUCCEED.

Here are some good sentiments for the young man who wishes to get on.

We found them pinned on the wall in a successful business house, and printed in large type so that all who passed could read:

If you would get ahead, stop looking behind.

Nobody cares what you have done, but what you are doing.

The man who does things makes mistakes, but he never makes the biggest mistake of all—doing nothing.

Talk happiness. The world is sad enough without your woes.

Don't duck when responsibility comes your way, except to get a firmer grip on must throw it, or it will throw you. it—you

SOCIABILITY.

BY AN AUSTRALIAN SISTER.

[The writer, in giving her name, in a note to the editor, says: "I write

and send the inclosed on account of continually attending Sunday school and church meetings for eleven weeks, and not above three people recognized the presence of a stranger (myself) in their midst. One of these who did

speak, noticed I was a stranger, and out of sympathy for loneliness spoke and admitted having attended this same meetinghouse for fourteen months and not having formed any acquaintances. I am not doing this in the spirit of faultfinding,

but believe that tne only reason for this reluctance at welcoming strangers, is that the youth of Zion don't stay to think, or realize our position."

In the Era for October, 1904, Vol. 7, No. 12, President Joseph F. Smith,

under the title "Social Duties,"treats of this same subject in an editorial which should be read by every Latterday Saint, once each year. It ought to be read

from the pulpit of every meetinghouse as often. Editors].

I am a Latterday Saint lately arrived in Zion from a far off land. Since my arrival, many thoughts have arisen in my mind

that I feel I would like to convey to my brothers and sisters over here. It puzzled me how to do so; then the idea came to me, why

not try the Improvement Era, and hence answer a twofold purpose? With its wide circulation, not only will the Saints in Zion

read and gain an impression of how a new arrival feels, but the

Saints in the world may also be benefited by the thoughts and experiences of others.

Out in the world, when the gospel in its fulness is brought to our homes, and we are led to see the truthfulness of it, and accept it, we feel that we have indeed been favored with a priceless treasure. We grow to love those that bring this message to our

homes, and also our newly found brothers and sisters of the city we live in. The fact of our being Latterday Saints makes us

890 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

conspicuous and an object for slurs, ridicule, etc., by our old associates, who turn their backs on us in the majority of cases. This

causes us to unite and form strong, loving friendships, in our church branches, a love we hardly knew could be possible between people who, until joining with them, were unknown to us and complete strangers.

Reader, perhaps you have a brother, or, maybe, a parent in some far off land, called to fill a mission. Wherever he is laboring, he is greatly loved by the Saints of that place. They

feel that they cannot do enough for him in return for the great blessing which -has been brought to their home—the

everlasting gospel. This missionary has left home and friends, all

that he loved, to enter a strange land, with customs all new to him.

He has made a sacrifice for the sake of the gospel, and will meet much unkindness and harsh treatment in the opposing world. The

Saints know this, and do everything in their power to make him feel at home, and not let his mind dwell too much on all he has left behind. We who embrace the gospel almost simultaneously

feel a desire to gather, not that we hear gathering preached, but it seems to come to one and all, by inspiration. Every effort is

put forth to accomplish this purpose. Before we start for Zion,

we are warned of existing evils, or failings, in that land, so that we may not come expecting perfection and be disappointed. We also

make a sacrifice to come here. We part with our loved ones,

home and friends, and come to a land of new customs and ways.

Oar parting may be for years or even for a lifetime. It is not limited to from two to five years, like that of the missionary, but is

indefinite. Many of our people are not in favor of our movement,

"'or of "Mormonism. When we arrive, we feel that it is to be

amongst brothers and sisters, and we look for a recognition as such. We are reminded of the hynn in the psalmody, "Think

not when you gather to Zion,"etc., and we do not look for great

attention or entetainment, but for an occasional word of recognition, or a smile, which costs the giver nothing, and makes the receiver feel welcome and at home.

We know that the people in Zion have temporal duties devolving upon them that take up a great part of their time. In

that, we resemble them when at home; we have our livelihoods to

SOCIABILITY. 891

earn, and also the special effort of getting means to come to the gathering place of the Saints. Whenever strange faces are seen

at one of our meetings, we step up to them and speak, and in this way they are made to feel welcome and they come again. Investigators in time are eventually numbered among ns. This is a difficult task at first to a nervous or reticent nature, but the love of

the gospel easily masters that feeling, our nervousness is overcome in our desire to share our blessings with others, and so the gospel spreads.

I would like to draw the attention of my brothers and sisters in Zion to this. If any one enters one of our places of worship,

they are either members of our Church, or not. If members, then

they are brothers and sisters, and a word or a handshake is appreciated. If not members, they will appreciate the same manner of

treatment, and feel eager to come ag in, and in continual coming, they become interested, and often are converted. Thus in putting aside the formality of waiting for introductions, and by letting the spirit of love, emanating from the gospel, take precedence,

we may do great missionary work in our own midst, and also make our new arrivals feel as much at home as they did in tl;e meetings

they enjoyed in their old home. Many times our brothers and

sisters feel a longing for their old home and associations, and sometimes are a little disappointed over here. Often when this

feeling is on them, they return to their native land. It is only

the Spirit of God, and a strong will that can detain them. It is a

test to a newcomer, and we might do a lot to lessen that test, and make the trial lighter by a word, smile or handshake. So, brothers and sisters, put forth every effort to be sociable.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

THE CLOSING YEARS OF ST. PAUL'S LIFE

IN ROME.

'BY COL. R. M. BRYCE THOMAS, AUTHOR OF 'MY REASONS FOR LEAVING THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND."

VI.

The trial of Paul took place before Nero, in A. D. 68. Hurried from his place of incarceration, he was led into the forum by

the steps of wailing, and as his look wandered around, he could not but have seen in the distance the huge bronze colossus of the sun, towering up to a height of one hundred and twenty feet, and crowned with the head of Nero in gold. He must also have seen

the Emperor's Aurcea Domus, or Goldenhouse, to find rcom for the erection of which it is said that Nero originated the great fire in A. D. 64, in order to burn out all the buildings which occupied the requisite area. The vast limits of this new imperial palace included a park one mile square, porticos three thousand feet

long, botanical and zoological gardens, cascades and fountains, the temple of Claudius, and the costly fish ponds known as Stagna

Neronis. Their site was afterward occupied by the stupendous

mass of the colosseum, which Professor Ramsey considers to be the most impressive, perhaps, of all ancient ruins. The chief

interest to Christians in this grand structure lies in the fact that it was here that the martyrs of old were collected, gathered together as it were, under the shadow of the cross, to offer up their lives in the presence of a large concourse of spectators, in such manner as the popular voice might dictate, by flame or the sword, by torture of kinds, or by wild, hungry and ferocious

ST. PAUL'S LIFE IN ROME. 893

beasts, brave men and women and children, of whom the world was not worthy, but who, like their great Master and pattern, patiently endured, looking hopefully forward to those glorious crowns which should adorn their brows in that land beyond of peace, happiness and mutual love.

Along the Via Sacra, and up the incline of the Via Tuscus, the apostle was conducted on to the Palatine hill to the "Basilica

Jovis,"or hall of justice, which is still to be seen amidst the ruins of the palace of Domitian. After a fire which took place in the

reign of Titus, when the palace of Augustus was destroyed. Domitian filled up the ruins, and on the top of them erected his own

palace. Mr. RussellForbes informs us that some of the buildings

so filled up were consecrated ones and consequently had to be rebuilt on the higher level, and that one so treated was this "Basilica Jovis,"which, there is evidence, was erected on the lines of the older one. Dr. Macduff considers that if the present basilica

is not the very same judicial tribunal to which the apostle was brought, it occupies the same position exactly with the court where he stood, although on a slightly higher level, and that the form and construction of the hall of justice was quite unchanged.

In describing the basilica, he adds that at the further end, and raised some five feet above the pavement, was the Subsellia, where the twelve judges sat, the ''Curile"chair inlaid with ivory and gold, being reserved as the imperial throne whereon sat the

Emperor or his consular legate, always surrounded by lictors carrying their fasces. Underneath this tribune were ranged the

subservient lawyers. Near the circular stone of Egyptian porphyry and granite in front of the tribune stood an altar, on which

the robed senators had to lay their hands when swearing to judge righteous judgment. A few paces back where

there are still the remains of a richly wrought bar of marble, stood the apostle chained to one of the Praetorian guard, and near him there would be room for any friend or advocate to render him assistance; but, as Dr. Macduff truly points

first out, there were none such in the case of Paul. "At my

answer no man stood with me, but all men forsook me"(II Timothy iv: 16). I he apostle, however, was still able to add, "Notwithstanding, the Lord stood with me, and strengthened me,"

894 IMPRO VEMEft T ERA.

(verse 17); and it was in that strength that he was able to calmly

confront his judges, undaunted and courageous.

St. Paul, when writing to Timothy after the trial was over,

said, "Alexander the coppersmith did me much evil."(II Timothy

iv: 14), so that it would seem as if Alexander had been summoned

as a witness against him. This was the same Alexander to whom

reference is made in Acts xix: 33, on the occasion of the general

uproar against Palil at Ephesus in A. D. 59. He was apparently

a converted Jew, but afterwards on account of heresy was excommunicated bv the apostle in about A. D. 65. "Of whom is

Hymenseus and Alexander; whom I have delivered unto Satan, that

they may learn not to blaspheme"(I Timothy i: 20).

The trial came to a conclusion by each of the assessors recording their findings on separate tablets, which were then handed over to the presiding judge, who on this occasion was the dreaded

Nero himself. Mr. RussellForbes, quoting from the historian

Suetonius (Nero xv), tells us how that autocrat dispensed justice:

"In the administration of justice, he scarcely ever gave his decision on the pleadings before the next day, and then in writing. *

* * When he withdrew, he consulted his assessors, he did not debate the matter openly with them, but silently and privately reading over their opinions which they gave separately in writing, he pronounced sentence from the tribunal according to his own views of the case, as if it were the opinion of the majority."

Paul, on being acquitted on the first count, or charge of complicity in the great fire of Rome, was escorted back to his dungeon to await his trial on the second count or charge of furthering the Christian religion, one to which he could apparently give but one answer, an answer that must effectually destroy all chance of his ever again regaining his freedom on this side of the grave. That the great apostle himself realized this fart, is, I

think, evident from his words to Timothy, written from his prison shortly before his second trial. ''For I am now ready to be

offered, and the time of my departure is at hand"(II Timothy iv: 6). All hope of ever again obtaining liberty was lost, for at

that time Christians were in very bad odor, and the apostle was therefore kept in close and strict confinement. Not long before

his death, he wrote his last epistle, namely his second letter to

ST. PAUL'S LIFE IN ROME. 895

Timothy, and in reference to this close custody, he said, "Wherein I suffer trouble as an evildoer, even unto bonds"(II Timothy ii: 9).

His great anxiety to once more see his dearly beloved son

Timothy found expression in the words, "Greatly desiring to see thee"(chapter i:4). "Do thy diligence to come shortly unto

me"(chapter iv: 9). Do thy diligence to come before winter"

(verse 21) The fact that he requested Timothy to bring with him the cloak which the apostle had left at Troas with Carpus, as also certain parchments, seems to point to his having been hurried away from Troas, after his arrest there, not even having had time allowed him to get his cloak and papers together before leaving, and this gives strength to tH.apposition that his

arrest there, and his dispatch to Rome must have been very sudden. The cloak he would certainly require in the cold, damp,

dark cell of the Mamertine prison which he occupied...He knew

not how long he might be detained by the caprice of the Emperor, awaiting his trial on the second charge, perhaps even through the coming winter, and the cloak would certainly be a source of comfort and protection to him. The faithful physician Luke still

remained near him, for the apostle says in his letter to Timothy, "Only Luke is with me"(chapter iv: 11), and he adds, "Take Mark

and bring him with thee, for he is profitable to me for the ministry."Paul had sent Mark to the Colossians during his former two

years of Roman captivity (Colossians iv: 10), and now seems to have

been anxious to have him with him again, as there was probably work awaiting him to carry out.

It is just possible that Timothy and Mark may not have been able to arrive in time to find Paul alive, for the great drama of his life came to a close in June, A.D. 68, not long after he had penned

his last letter to Timothy. The apostle's final trial came on for

hearing before the Emperor's consular legate, Nero himself being away in Greece at the time. Paul was again taken to the "Basilica

Jovis,"or great hall of justice, in the imperial palace on the Palatine, and was there arraign ed on the charge of promoting a new and unlawful religion, and having been found guilty was sentenced to suffer the extreme pena lty of the law. The sentence, however

found him prepared to meet his end calmly, for in his second let896 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ter to Timothy he wrote, ''For I am now ready to be offered, and the time of my departure is at hand. I have fought a good fight,

I have finished my course, I have kept the faith. Henceforth there

is laid up for me a crown of righteousness which the Lord, the righteous Judge, shall give me at that day"(II Timothy iv: 6, 7, 8.)

Mr. RussellForbes says that in Roman jurisprudence there was

no time allowed between sentence and execution: as in the case of our

Savior, who was led from the judgment hall to crucifixion, and in the case of Stephen, who was tken from the court of the high priest to be stoned, so St. Paul, not being condemned to imprisonment but to death, was led from the judgment hall to suffer at

once. Hurried away by the guard of soldiers on duty, he was

marched down once more into the forum, taken along the Via

Sacra and the Via Triumphalis, onto the Ostian road, through the

Ostian gate, now called Porta San Paola, in the old Servian wall, and so on to a spot in the Campagna, which still retains the tradition of his execution. Close by the Ostain gate stands the curious

pyramidal tomb of one Caius Cestus, the last monument probably that Paul's eyes rested on in life. It has been truly said, "Among

the works of man, that pyramid is the only surviving witness of

Paul's martyrdom"(Howson and Conybeare.)

Romish tradition has it that Paul and his brother apostle,

Peter, were led out together to suffer death, and that soon after they had passed through the Ostian gate, and had reached a spot where there is at present a small roadside chapel, their final parting took place, Peter being hurried away to the Circus of Nero, (now the Vatican) to be there crucified, and Paul being marched further along the road to a place three miles beyond the gate and slightly off the road, where he suffered death by decapitation, for unlike Peter, he was a Roman citizen, and as such exempt from the ignominy of crucifixion. Dr. Macduff gives us the traditional

interchange of farewells between these two Saints of God. Paul

said to Peter, "Peace be with thee, foundation of the Church, shepherd of the flock of Christ,"and Peter replied, "Go in peace, preacher of good things, and guide of the salvation of the just."

Upon Paul reaching the place of execution, he was made to kneel down, and the sword of the executioner flashing in the sunlight, severed at a blow his head from his body. The spot where

ST. PAUL'S LIFE IN ROME. 897

he was executed goes by the name of Tre Fontane, or three fountains, the legend of the Church of Rome being that as the apostle's head fell, it made three successive bounds, and that at each bound, just where the severed head struck the ground, a fountain miraculously burst forth. A church called the Church of

San Paolo alle Tre Fontane was subsequently erected here, and exists up to the present day. In its right transcept is a broken

pillar, encircled by an iron railing, which, it is asserted, formed the executioner's block, and close by are three fountains or springs, over each of which has been erected an altar with a representation of Paul in relief.

Many other legends regarding Paul, pious frauds, as Mr.

RussellForbes terms them in his book, have been handed down in the Church of Rome, of which I will quote one. A Christian lady

convert named Plantilla, wishing to see the great apostle for the last time, placed herself on the roadside as he passed to execution, and weeping, knelt and craved his blessing. He asked her to give

him her handkerchief with which to cover his eyes, promising to return it after his death. She at once complied with his request,

and after his execution he appeared before her, and restored to her the handkerchief, stained with his blood.

The body of the martyred apostle, one cannot help but believe was taken by his friends and followers, and interred not far from the place of his death. St. Chrysostom in one of his writings says

that Paul's grave was then wellknown, and we can easily understand that this was the case, when we learn that it was universally the custom of the primitive Church to look most zealously after the place where a martyr was buried, and more especially would this practice have been followed when the martyr was himself the great apostle of the gentiles. Later on, a wealthy Roman

lady convert to Christianity, named Lucina, is said to have had the remains removed to her own land, about half way between the

Ostian gate and the Tre Fontane, where Paul had suffered death, and which place was afterwards used as a catacomb. The Christian Emperor Constantine, in A. D. 388, erected a church over this

catacomb, and it was greatly enlarged under successive Emperors, such as Valentinianus II, Theodosius II, and Arcadius, and attained the summit of its splendor under the pontificate of Leo III, in the 898 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

eighth century. It was almost entirely destroy ed by fire in the

year 1823, but fortunately some of the valuable mosaics of the thirteenth century were preserved.

Its reerection commenced under Leo XII, and, although its outward architectural appearance is not now impressive, its interior is probably the finest ecclesiastical monument in the world. A

description of its harmonious beauty on paper can never, I believe, be sufficiently adequate, and it all requires to be seen in order to appreciate the grandeur of this superb basilica of priceless marbles.

An exquisite baldacchino or canopy, supported on four beautiful columns of oriental alabaster,covers the apostle's tomb. Another

beautiful canopy (Gothic) resting on four columns of fine porphory overshadows an ancient papal altar, while the priceless mosaics in all the harmony of their glorious coloring enhance the beauty of their surroundings, and lend a charm to the magnificent architecture of the interior aisles and naves, the bright marble floors of w hich reflect, as on a lake, the eighty lofty Corinthian columns of polished granite which support the roof, the gifts of the Catholic sovereigns and princes of Europe, and which are surmounted by seventyfive portraits in mosaic of the popes, commencing from St. Peter down to Leo XIII, places being reserved

for future Pontiffs. The beautiful, painted glass windows in the

side aisles were executed by A. Ravoni, and the valuable marbles

in the church were brought together from all parts of the world, while not the least of the attractions of this famous building are its valuable pictures by such painters as Podesti, Goghetti and

Ghezzi, and its wonderful frescos representing facts in the life of the great Apostle Paul himself. The church is known as that of

San Paolo fuori le Mura, or St. Paul outside the walls. Close

by the apostle's tomb, and in front of the high altai, is a humble shrine bearing the simple inscription, "Timothei."Here lie the

ashes of Paul's dearly beloved son in the faith, Timothy. As in

life, so in death, they were united, two servants of God lying side by side, having fought the good fight, steadfast to the last, and awaiting the sound of the archangel's trump to arise and come forth on the morning of the first resurrection, and receive those crowns of which the great apostle spoke as being laid up fcr all

ST. PAUL'S LIFE IN ROME. 899

those who loved the appearing of our Lord (II Timothy iv: 8).

It is not my purpose to enter into the war of words whicn has been waged around the subject of the death of Peter, the brother Apostle of Paul, but I may perhaps best bring this paper to a close by adding a few words regarding him.

Peter's death by crucifixion head downwards is said to have taken place in the center of the circus of Caligula and Nero, a place where the latternamed tyrant put a number of Christians to the most cruel deaths imaginable. The remains of those martyrs

were buried in a grotto which was close to the circus, and there also was the body of Peter laid. In Piali's book, A Week in Rome,

we are told that St. Anacletus (Pope) had an oratory erected upon

the tomb of this apostle, and that later on, in A. D. 326, Constantine the Great built a basilica on the spot with five aisles, which

was afterwards frequently restored. Pope Nicholas V, who occupied the chair of Peter from A. D. 1447 to 1453,, decided to

erect a magnificent cathedral in honor of the Prince of the Apostles, and the work was carried on under successive Popes, and eventually completed by Pius VI. The work was suspended on

two or three occasions, but when finished in the time of Pius VI by the construction of the Sacristy, and by placing two clocks on the facade and t*vo others in the interior, the building had taken 176 years to complete, and had cost over 10,000,000, (ten million pounds sterling or fifty million dollars), covering an area of 240,- 000 square feet, and requiring 6,000, (six thousand pounds sterling or thirty thousand dollars), annually for its upkeep. This

is the now famous church of St. Peters in the Vatican. The

Egyptian Obelisk, which at present stands in the Piazza di

San Pietro in Vaticano in front of the basilica or cathedral, originally occupied a position in the circus of Nero, where it was placed when brought by the Emperor Caligula from Egypt. A stone near

the Sacristy with an inscription upon it, marks the site which the obelisk then occupied, and it was at the foot of that monument that Peter is believed to have been martyred.

There is but little left to add. It is said that during the persecutions of the third century, the bodies of both Peter and Pau

were removed from their resting places, and taken for safety to the cemetery of San Sebastian, and that ultimately they were 900 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

again exhumed, and eventually interred in the respective sites now marked by the altars of the two basilicas bearing their names;

that means to say, in the places where they were first buried, and overVhich Constantine 'the Great erected his original churches.

The remains of these two Apostles, and more especially so those of Paul, would, however, seem to have been subsequently divided up, if we can believe the stories handed down in the Roman church, ior we are told that the heads of both Peter and Paul now rest below a magnificent Gothic baldacchino in the crossaisles of the basilica of San Giovani in Laterano, (St. John Lateran). One half

of the bodies of each are preserved in the Church of St. Paolo

fuori le Mura, and the other halves in St. Peters in the Vatican,

while an arm of Paul is in the Church of St. Paolo alle regola, a

finger'at St. Spirito, and teeth in various other churches. Mr.

Kussell Forbes in the appendix to his book, The Footsteps of St.

Paul in Rome, quotes from the historian Guicciardini, says that, when Rome was sacked by the Imperialists (1527 A. D.), they

took the bodies of Peter and Paul, which were then in St. Peters,

and, after dragging them about the streets, threw them into the

Tiber.

To whatever indignities the remains of these two servants of the Lord may have been subjected, whether by division and distribution among certain churches, or by having been cast into the river, and so carried down to the sea, their rewards to which they both so earnestly looked forward, and the crowns of glory for which they so continually strove, are awaiting them in the

Celestial kingdom of their Father. Of Paul, St. Chrysostom

once said|that "although only three cubits high, he was yet tall enough to reach heaven. 'VTruly he was a great man, one to whom

all nations may be said to be under a deep obligation, and who was therefore not inappropriately termed by this same St. Chrysostom

"the heart of the world."

(the end.) Pas de Calais, France.

PHANTOMS OF HOPE.

BY ALBERT R. LYMAN.

"When I'm a man,"the stripling cries,

And strives the coming years to scan "Ah, then I shall be strong and wise,

When I'm a man."

"When I was young, ".the old man sighs,

"Bravely the lark and linnet sung

Their carol under sunny skies,

When I was young."

"Hope springs eternal in the human breast"—hope that the

great unknown future will remedy every ill and satisfy all the longings and ambitions of the human heart.

There is a popular belief in the minds of young men, that life will realize her dearest hopes, "some time, some way,"that they may come as a thunderbolt from a clear sky, induced by nothing but the idle wish. This belief overlooks the fact that

success, whatever it may be, if it come at all, must come as the natural and only result of the manner of life preceding it,—as the

inevitable outgrowth of actions that will produce it, as a seed will bring forth after its kind. It makes no allowance for the existing

relationship betwen present and future, nor considers that "tomorrow stalks abroad in today."

There is a great fitness of succession in human affairs, as if some huge balance wheel were placed to preserve theirsequence itand harmony. A change cannot be introduced too*suddenly;

must come by degress as the way is prepared and made possibleyes, favorable to its coming. The events of change must "cast

their shadows before,"because they are the counterpart and 902 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

successors to existing conditions. They are the result of present

action, and must be exactly what this action can and will produce.

The key to the mysteries of the future is a proper appreciation of the present, an understanding of what the shaping factors are now, coupled with a knowledge of what these same factors have done and are doing. We may know what to expect of a

thing with whose nature and history we are familiar.

There are boys whose faces beam with hope and cheer, and they have no doubt that the great mysterious future will bestow their old ageupon them the things they prize most highly,—that

will be a great monument of achievement and worthy labors; yet

the only material with which this monument can be erected is being sacrfiiced to the idols of cheap pleasure and sinful excess.

The fund of physical and mental strength entrusted to their care for this especial purpose is lavished on vain and perverted appetites. They treat it as a great sum of money bestowed by chance

upon them, not knowing its worth or what it can purchase; not

thinking from whence it came or how soon it will be exhausted;

but feeling that it is limitless, and may be used for anything and everything that will gratify the present moment.

They do not invest it in any profitable business, nor turn it to the accomplishment of any great labor. Yet they foolishly suppose that, though they are crippling and wasting it today, and

opening no avenues for it tomorrow, it yet will achieve, without any trouble to them, all they have desired to do and become. They

are glutting the present with things intended for a greater development and nobler use at a later day; and aside from building no

place of refuge for the future, they are robbing it of power to stand in its own defense. Every force that could gain the things

they are so confident of having, is placed on the altar of present dissipation, and they are approaching, every day, that period when their lives will be empty and desolate, and painful to behold; yet

they continue their course and hug the phantom of blind hope.

There are boys who fully expect sometime in this world to perform labors worthy of true manhood,—to reach some of the

highest stages of human attainment; yet the hope—we cannot say

it is founded on falsehood, for really it has no foundation or support, it simply has never been called into serious question and its

PHANTOMS OF HOPE. 903

inconsistency thus revealed—has not yet met the sterner realities

that will brand it as a freak of the imagination.

These bovs have reveled in thought of success and great things, and have not considered that the first steps towards that goal are the steps they scorn to take. They have not asked themselves whether they are approaching it today, or if there will ever

be a more opportune time to start in that direction. Thev have not

discovered that success, in the Lroad sense, is barely gained by a life of devotion to its principles; that it is built by each minute of

opportunity, and each gem of truth that men can bring from thedepth of their endeavor. They have not recognized it to be a life

of small opportunities embraced with all the heart; a great multitude of trifles diligently moulded into "the perfection that is no

trifle."but have looked for wind or time or accident to do what

the well directed skill of man has hardly been able to achieve. In

short, they have hoped to reach a definite end, whose features their day dreams have pictured, by pursuing no kind of course, definite or indefinite.

Oh, phantom hope! It is leading boys to miserable failure

exactly the same failure which many older men have reached by following blindly after it.

It would be difficult to find a boy who would picture a life of debility in all its hideousness, and wish to follow it; but they are

easy to find who covet worth and skill, who at the same time are adhering rigidly to the ethics of ruin. No boy with unwarped

intelligence looks for the climax of his hopes through avenues of tobacco, or intemperance, or dishonor. These things are

proven bad by all who test them; they are the very poison and

blight of failure.

is the voice of the siren Yet there is pleasure in them—there

that calls with magic persuasion. She does not point out the

ghastly end of this course; it would frighten her clients away forever. She does not point to the stooping, shrunken wrecks who

have listened for years to her sweet music; nor does she make

mention of the prisons, and hospitals, and madhouses where she has sent her most devoted followers to hide their cadaverous faces from her view; she does not tell of the broken hearts and

blighted lives, of the defeat and despair and pain; of the mother

90 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

who waits in sorrow alone for the child of her hope, whom she loved, and nourished and prayed for as only a mother can. Oh, no! All

these things the siren hides with the cunning of Lucifer, and repeats with oily enticement, "some time, some way,"assuring her all the tomorrows will bevictim that it is only for today—that

turned to counteract the evil, if really there is any evil.

It is not the promising end that leads men on, and on, but the shortlived pleasure and dissipation in spite of that end, from which they turn their eyes to gaze wistfully away at the light;

while they are drawn subtly into the darkness.

This is no strained metaphor. This phantom of hope has

soothed and assured men, while they were lowered smoothly and easily to the depth of disease and depravity. It has led the most

passive, timorous natures to pursue most unfalteringly the path of destruction. Who has not seen miserable, vascillating old age.

that was yet as positive as fate in clinging to the sources of its misery? Who has not seen youth that was true to no work,

and diligent in no cause but the cause of their overthrow? who,

iiowever idle or indolent they are in other respects, never miss an opportunity to poison their bodies and minds with things they know to be bad.

In many cases they are so much in earnest, they filch tobacco from a friend, or wait in a saloon for hours at a time to be given a drink. They deceive their superiors, and neglect their work to

seek entertainment from the vilest mind. They are slow to learn

anything that may do them good, but can readily memorize a vulgar song or an obscene story. Yet they hope that chance,

the unintelligent floundering of affairs, will bring about the good works their physical and mental organism is failing everyday to accomplish, beside removing the injury they are inflicting on themselves.

Of course, they may reform; that is often their intention, and

they suppose it will be an easy matter. They may do it—they can

do it; but drawing these stakes will be more difficult than driving

them. The deeds of today will be part of the past eternity—absolutely unchangeable; and as established precedents and accomplished facts, they will stand out with the resisting power of cool

lava, against proposed future changes. They will cry out in awPHANTOMS OF HOPE. 905

ful protest against them,—a protest so terrible that very few

men have been able to silence and overcome it.

We know hosts of men and boys who have hoped, and still hope, to develop a strong and vigorous manhood; yet, hugged more

closely to their breast than the hope, was one little member of a family of vice, that afforded pastime and pleasure and seemed a harmless thing. It may have been the cigarette, it may have been liquor,

idleness, novels, cards, or something else; but whichever it was,

it has grown in favor with its master till it has been promoted to the place of Master Habit. It has then proceeded to instal all its

brothers in the places it caused to be vacated. This same little

habit has grown and been promoted from Master Habit, to Master soul, andof Passion, Master of Mind, Master of Man—body and

has placed a limit to his going, commanding him in all things.

And the man, or more properly speaking, the creature that was a man, during all this time, has been soothed, yes chloroformed with the hope of providence or something else intervening to do what he was stupidly, yet positively, refusing to do.

this phsntom hope till we We have observed the workings of deception that is stalking boldly among theare alarmed,—this

joung men. It is depriving men and boys of the essential features of manliness, causing them to cripple their will power and

canker the tissues of brain and body.

Imagine a man without a will, and power to accept or reject with any decision at all,—without a mind to appreciate the good

or fear the evil,—without the physical force to execute any worthy design; yet there are hosts of men and boys laboring diligently

and earnestly and unceasingly to reach this very condition. They

do not fail or forget to lower the standard of their mentality one more notch, whenever it is suggested by perverted appetite.

Whatever good labor or worthy cause they slight, they are never untrue to the suicidal policy they have adopted. They serve it faithfully. If there is anything that is elevating or that savors of improvement, they promptly reject it. If there is any movement on

foot to cultivate the mind or body, in them it finds no sympathy.

But to a mind and souldestroying practice they are easy prey.

Popular excess is not rejected. Slang is 'nothing; idle talk is

nothing; squandered time and wasted opportunity are matters of

906 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

small importance. The germs of decay and ruin implanted in body

and mind are nothing of serious consequence at all. Yet, as there

are laws of eternal truth that have been placed by God to govern the affairs of human destiny, just so sure will all these things stand in spite of the phantom of hellinspired courage and argument, as unfailing prophecies of the wreck and downfall of every man and boy who perverts his Godgiven hope to soothe and quiet his mind, and paralyze his sense of fear, while he surrenders himself, body and soul, to the manacles of that agent who has never made of man anything but ignominious failure.

Grayson, Utah.

OREGON.

{For the Improvement Era.)

Heart's chosen home, I see thee in visions;

I see thee in dreams, when night drifteth down:

Once more I wander on dear old Mount Tabor,

While shining afar are the lights of the town.

I list to the sound of the wind in the firtrees, (God's Aeolian harp that speaks to the soul,)

Soft as the slumbersong of childhood,

Over the heart doth the melody roll.

Thy mountains—blue as the deep sky of summer,

Inspires the Psalmistspirit of old,

And my heart goeth out to thy river in longing,

Thy river that gleams like a river of gold.

A river of gold, when greeted bv morning;

A river of opal, when day is nigh done;

But a river of silver that mirrors the heavens,

Aquiver with gladness, beneath the bright sun.

a part of my heart and my soul art thou ever,

Thou didst foster my youth in days that are past.

1 awake from my dreaming, but memories linger,

And like attar of roses, forever shall last.

Maud Baggarley.

Waterloo, Utah.

THE ISLE OF PATMOS,

BY LYDIA D. ALDER.

And I saw another angel fly in the midst of heaven, having the everlasting gospel to preach unto them that dwell on the earth, and to every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people, saying with a loud voice, Fear God, and give glory to him; for the hour of his judgment is come: and worship him that made

heaven, and earth, and the sea, and the fountains of water.—Rev. 14: 6, 7.

It had been my good fortune to gaze on the jvondrous and beautiful scenes of many lands; to lookout from Gizeh over the

vast, gleaming lands of Sahara, and trace the seventy odd miles of desert wherein the children of Israel wandered for forty years.

There were pyramids arising in the distance and near by, both large and small. From Mount Nebo, to viaw almost the length

of Palestine, unto Mount Hermon, towering far in the north, crowned with eternal snow, End to imagine the feelings of the great lawgiver on viewing the land to which he was denied an entrance; and now from the monastery of St. John, situated on the

very edge of an extinct crater, to gaze on the everto-be remembered Island of Patmos.

I had dreamed among the prophecies of the Apocalypse, had quoted it, taught it, and loved it, but never, even in my wildest dreams, had it entered into my heart until now, that I should behold it. So many sacred places are questioned, holy spots doubted,

but here we have a certainty. Whoever thought that any other

of the many islands was Patmos? Its identity is confirmed by the

history of these islands, from 520 B. C, down to the present time;

even the story of the Amazons is given. The temple of Artemis

stood here until 1088, when its idol was thrown down by an overzealous Christian, but in the midst of the citadel its pedestal can still be seen.

908 IMPROVEMEN1 ERA.

Neither in sacred nor profane history is there anything to prove that St. John was banished here; the ugh that he lived here

for some years is undisputed. Neither does it appear that there

were ever mines on the island, or that it ever held a penal settlement. On the decree of death to all Christians (the only penalty)

issued by Domitian, the Roman Emperor, in about the year 94, A.

D., St. John may have taken refuge here, or he may have come

to preach the gospel, for certain it is that in John's day, the island was more densely populated than now. His coming may

have been the divine will, because of the work he was to perform; for a moe superb and inspiring view, and a more solemn

solitude, could not be found than are afforded from the large opening of the rockhewn cave, situated half way between the old crater and the mountain whereon towered the temple of Diana.

There are monks and nuns on Patmos now, and hermits,

Christian hermits, too, perhaps following the example of its hermit of worldwide fame. There is also a college on Patmos, with

about forty students, all of the Greek Orthodox church, and whose influence among the people is for good. Here strangers are

treated with courtesy, and the clamor for "backsheesh"is unheard!

A recent visitor to the jsland speaks of its library, as being one of note, and that in Athos, not far distant, many treasures are still to be seen. From Pergamos, on the other shore, came the manufacture of parchment of that name, which was occasioned by the

great demand for its manuscripts. In the town of Nice, great

counsels were held, which gatherings inspired Christodolus to found a library where his monks could study and copy. In later

times pirates sacked this collection; stole its wealth away to the

enrichment of other lands. Many precious manuscripts have been

carried away, among them a copy of the gospel of the sixth century, which was dyed in purple and had the names of God and

Christ written in gold, their whereabouts being now unknown though one may be seen at Niama. All told, there are only a few

thousand persons on Patmos, but they are very religious, devoutly attending worship in their two hundred churches, which are all painted white. The village of Patmos, sometimes called St. John,

contains about two hundred houses and four thousand inhabitants, all Greeks, and mostly a seafaring people. Standing on the foreTHE ISLE OF PATMOS. 909

deck of the French liner Orenoque, we silently watch our approach to the island. Patmos is situated twenty miles south of Saraos, on

the west coast of Asia Minor, in latitude thirtyseven degrees, seventeen minutes north, and longtitude twentysix degrees, thirty minutes east. The day is an ideal one; the air is exhilarating,

the sky almost cloudless, the glistening waters of the Aegean Sea floating away and away About noon we had weighed anchor at Samos, that ancient historical island, where long ago Antony and Cleopatra abode; and

where Paul and Barnabas landed to preach the gospel. Diligent inquiry, however, failed to find any trace of their visit.

Anxiously scannir g the horizon in all directions for the first glimpse of Patmos, the time passed but slowly. These were the

quarters of the Mohammedans, the deck where they assembled, while the one below was covered with their mats and bedding, all of which they had to bring on board with them, no, provision in this regard being made for them by the S. S. company. As we

walked among them to reach the upper deck, we saw them lounging or sleeping; spread all around upon the deck, of all ages,

stages of dishabille, and shades of cleanliness. The gay colors of

their garments and belongings were very striking. On the very

bow of the vessel a Mohammedan lad was astride, smoking, while nearby some others were engaged in the same pastime. As

soon as they moved away, I stood at the bow myself; then nothing marred my pleasure, as intently I enjoyed the marvelous view.

The captain very courteously sent word to the ministers of the gospel, with whom I was traveling, with some of their ladies, that on the right or the wide opening between the islands, immediately ahead of the steamer, was the Isle of Patmos. Scarcely a word

was exchanged, as the island became more clearly defined, even until the glasses brought it close to us. In thinking of Patmos

one naturally imagines it a parcel of bnd, almost circular, having one mountain peak. In reality, it has three high

mountain peaks, some smaller ones, and is eleven miles long;

at its narrowest point it is three hundred feet wide. Of

course, it is encircled with water; in this respect being different to

Mount Carmel, which, though we call it Mount Carmel, it is twelve miles long. As we draw nearer, the high, irregular towers

910 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

of the convent give it almost the appearance of a fortress, while the village of St. John below them, appears as if it would fall

over into the sea. Reverent, aweinspired, we behold the sacred

spot. All is still, yet a thousand voices tell the story of long ago,

when the history of the world, from beginning to end, passed as a panorama before the vision of John the Divine. The village is

reached by a steep and rugged ascent. In a grotto, under the

Greek convent, above the town, is the supposed abode of the

Apostle John, and where he wrote the wonderful Book of Revelation. From the cave, the view is majestically grand! On the

left the mainland rests misty in the distance; on the right, other

islands of the Archipelago, and before us the changing colors of the Aegean sea, scintillating like gold beneath the sun's crimson rays.

Where in all the world could a place be found more grand than this, where the destiny of the earth and its inhabitants could be shown? Before John, in the light of eternity, passed all

nations, times and peoples, until time shall be no more, and he, beholding, has given to the world the Book of Revelation.

Millions of earth's children have pored over the things written in the book, but comprehended them not, yet there they are today, as gloriously grand as when the visions of eternity made them plain.

As we sailed away from Patmos, the company burst into song, with thrilling effect:

All hail the power of Jesus'name,

Let angels prostrate fall, Bring forth the royal diadem, And crown him Lord of all.

How the melody wafted over the waves, as the purple mists dispersed! While my companions sang of the power of Jesus'

name, my thoughts reverted to the prophecy found in the fourteenth chapter of the book; I knew that it was fulfilled; that the

angel had flown through the heavens far away from Patmos, over to the land of America. That, as a wondrous personage, he had

announced his name as Moroni, to the boy Joseph Smith, telling him that he had been sent from the presence of the Almighty, to declare the place of the hidden record, and the ushering in of the last gospel dispensation.

THE ISLE OF PATMOS. 911

Then my vision was quickened, and I could see his glorious form, tall and stately, his white robe revealing his ivory chest, the sweeping folds only reaching his ankles, his transparent feet appearing below, while he stepped, seemingly not upon the earth, but rather in the air. Not one around me believed as I

do, not one would so interpret the vision of the angel. But in the

light from Patmos, he was revealed to me as never before. Over

the mountains he seemed to fly slowly, gracefully, beyond the seas, his face turned to the Land or Promise.

Nearly all the civilized world are willing to ascribe all power to Jesus'name, but to some it must be limited to what they think and understand. We were only a few believers among hundreds

of the Mohammedan faith, of the ship's passengers, who did not believe him to be divine at all. As I looked into the faces of

my companions, pressed close around me, I thought, if he were to come now and here, would you reeeive him? And my answer

was, "no. "As he suffered before, so would they treat him again,

if he came in the same way.

Then I wondered why the light had come to me; was I more

worthy to understand, while so many groped in darkness? How

many had desired to see the things that I had looked upon, and could not. Thus was I humbled, while a feeling of gratitude filled

my heart. And the gospel, it seemed more precious to me than

ever before. These scenes may appear as when John the Revelator tarried here. The restless, rolling sea still kisses the feet

of Patmos, as in obeisance; the wondering other lands stand

as mute witnesses.

lit as by The light is fading, but for a moment the scene is glory divine. Then, as the vessel slowly veers around, and the

gap deepens and widens between us and the shore, night's curtain is drawn, and darkness hides it from view. Thoughts of the

gentle apostle, whose great desire was to win souls to Christ till he comes, crowded the mind, and Patmos, bathed in the glory reflected from sea and sky, seemed a foreshadowing of the glory that awaits him, at the close of his ministry, whose head was once laid on the Savior's breast, and whose eyes looked in his, in silent, loving adoration.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

EDITOR'S TABLE.

HOW TO CELEBRATE.

One of the features of the celebration of the 24th of July this year, the 60th anniversary of the settlement of Salt Lake Valley, was the organization of a society of the Sons and Daughters of

Utah Pioneers. As explained at the meeting, the main object,

aside from its social features, is to encourage fitting celebrations of

Pioneer Day throughout the Church. Doubtless the central organization will hold model celebrations. It is also announced that

the organization will encourage the preservation of prominent and interesting facts and incidents connected with the early history of the Church. Senator Reed Smoot was by acclamation elected

president of the society.

That such an organization with such purposes in view should be established is both pleasing and commendable. There is certainly great need of a change in our method of celebrating the

day. It is to be expected that the new organization, besides engendering enthusiasm among the venerators of the pioneers, to

make the 24th a holiday in very deed, will also create a sentiment among them to have the holiday celebrated in such manner as its significance demands. Every business establishment should be

closed. It should be a day for rest and contemplation. The object uppermost in the minds of the pioneers in coming here,

should be held in view. That appears to be altogether forgotten

now, in many of our celebrations. We celebrate to obtain personal pleasure and gratification, on this day, rather than as we

should, to instruct ourselves and our children with the value and magnitude of the undertaking of the fathers and mothers who settled these valleys. We seek the spirit of pleasure rather than

EDITOR'S TABLE. 913

that of the gospel, and think of our own enjoyment rather than the grand mission of the Church, which actuated every movement, every thought, desire, hope and ambition of the pioneers. It

should be remembered that it was a religious movement which caused the Church to come out into the wilderness to settle the dreary wastes which have since been made to teem with abundance. Every onward step was made in faith. Every advance

forward was actuated by religious impetus. It was not money,

adventure, prospects of financial advancement, gold and plenty, which impelled them to traverse the dreary plains or penetrate the mountain fastnesses. It was faith in the servants and the revelations of the Lord. These pointed the way to relief and freedom,

in the untrodden west, from the plunder, persecution and oppression which forced their exodus. It was a strong religious movement which underlay the settlement of Utah. Our fathers who

settled here did not come as colonizers in other states, seeking fortunes, and enjoying adventures; but they came because they

were forced by necessity, like the Pilgrim Fathers, to seek an asylum from oppression. This asylum was found, and under the

beneficent laws of our country, we, their children, enjoy the inestimable blessings of religious peace and freedom; and in fulfilment

of the words of the Savior, our fathers having sought first the

Kingdom of God and his righteousness, all other things have been added unto their children, in the way of temporal blessings. We

should follow their example so that the promise may also be unto us and our children.

In view of these facts, the celebration of Pioneer day should be in keeping with this spirit. Religious freedom, faith in God,

the origin and destiny of the Church, and kindred themes should be dwelt upon in the congregations of the people. The speeches

and orations should appropriately hold forth these topics to the youth of Zion so that they may learn the true significance of the day. There is danger of their forgetting the history of the

Church, its origin, its movements in New York, Ohio, Missouri,

Illinois, and the true meaning of the migration of the Pioneers to our present home in the mountains. Let the 24th, therefore, be

devoted to teaching these truths; and to calling attention to the

real reasons of the movement of the Pioneers to this then forbid914 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ding desert. The country contained, it is true, the elements of

growth in agriculture and pastoral pursuits, as well as the mineral wealth in the everlasting hills; but, as stated, the purpose of the

Pioneers was, not that they might enrich themselves with material blessings, but that they might freely and without molestation worship the living God according to the dictates of conscience, and enjoy more liberally freedom from oppression and persecution.

The 24th should be a day of peace and rest. Its celebration

should be in complete contrast to the practices generally observed both on the 4th and 24th—when shooting and other war demonstrations frequently endanger property and life, and injure many in

body and limb. In short, they should be observed in a becoming

manner, in order that the real objects for which the Pioneers as well as the Pilgrim Fathers made their journeys, and so heroically purchased their freedom, might be made plain, so that love of liberty, the preservation of religious toleration, and hatred of the domination of tyrants, may be kept alive and uppermost in the hearts of the people. With such principles and historical facts in

view, these glorious days should be commemorated in an intelligent manner instead of in the foolish way now so generally adopted.

If the organization of the Sons and Daughters of Utah

Pioneers shall tend to accomplish these desirable results, and end in having Pioneer Day commemorated in a sensible manner, and in the spirit of the important occasion, and with a view to publicly emphasizing the purposes, faith, history and objects of the Pioneers, in settling the valleys of the Rocky Mountains, it will have accomplished a splendid mission, and shown a valid reason for its existence. But whether or not the society succeeds in this, the

leaders in our community should unitedly work to accomplish the desired results. Joseph F. Smith.

MISSIONARY WORK.

I take the liberty, without direct permission from the author to publish, from a private letter of a kinsman, addressed to his brother, extracts which I think will be interesting reading for

EDITOR'S TABLE. 915

many of the missionaries now in the field, and such as may in the near future be called out for missionary labor; and, I may suggest,

also to many of the bishops with whom rests the responsibility of suggesting young men for missionary work. The author of the

letter from which I make the excerpts is now absent from his home engaged in business, but, as will be seen, he takes an interest in the branch of the Church where he is employed. The

extract from the letter follows. Joseph F. Smith.

We are still conducting our Sunday School and Mutual with interest unabated, and I tell you we have some mighty interesting sessions. We expect to have two

elders with us permanently after the first of September. There are undoubtedly

some few people in these parts who would accept the gospel, if they had the opportunity of hearing it. It is deplorable that there are not two or three times as

many missionaries at command, and then some of those they have would be benefitted by a little more experience and study. It seems to me that they will not

be able to overcome these drawbacks until they lengthen the missionary term to three instead of two years. The first year about fifty per cent of them are practically useless. And the second year, when the experience is beginning to do

them some good, they spend a good part of their time counting the days until they are to be released. Some day our young men will come to realize the fact that if they

are to be successful missionaries, they will have to attend Church schools and pursue a methodical and complete course in theology and spiritual philosophy. Of

course, first principles are generally to be preached; but the more intellectual class

now-a-days require something more than first principles and mere scriptural authority to overcome their distinct agnostic tendencies; and for one, I cannot

see but that the soul of an intellectual man is just as precious as of an uneducated and ignorant one. You cannot reach every man with first principles alone.

The gross errors in the creeds, from a philosophical standpoint, have forced many honest souls to reject them; and the next step, because of the interpretations

placed on the scriptures by the several sects, is to acquire the impression that is the scriptures are not only not infallible, but distinctly faulty. When a man

just in that frame of mind, a gospel founded in truth,—truth scriptural, truth

scientific and truth philosophical—and backed by the claim of divine authority, if

presented plainly and thoroughly, will appeal to him with power. It is just the

thing he is looking for. To such a man the scripture is merely scripture, nothing

more. But show him that the gospel is not only scriptural, but distinctly scientific, and in accordance with sound philosophy, and he asks no more. I hope to

see the day when our missionaries can reach this class of people, but they will never be able to do it in all the world until they have first had a technical training in those studies which will qualify them for that work. I would like to see

the Church schools raise their standard a great deal, and pay somewhat more attention to the higher principles than they do. It is useless to say that they will

take care of themselves. No intelligent, clearthinking, honestminded young

.

916 IMPROVEMENT ERA

man but finds it necessary in some way to make these higher principles agree with the experiences of life, and the truths which are revealed from him on every hand in the great book of nature; and unless he has the plain truth of the

matter plainly before him, the glaring inconsistencies are not going to add anything to his stock of religious faith and fervor.

I do not like to be considered a pessimist or a knocker, and still less would I want to be thought weak in the faith; but, I tell you frankly, the missionaries

they send out here in this part of the world are not all the choicest. They can do

some good, of course. They are full of faith, if some somewhat shy on works,

and think they are doing their best. If they would supplement their faith by

burning a little midnight oil instead of spending so much time at "sociables"and similar functions, they would be able to make up a great deal for what they lack in experience and education. One elder who has visited with ushere on several occais really a bright young man, us the same and identical sions,—and he too,—gave

sermon on every occasion, delivering with much force and elocutionary effect.

Imagine my surprise, sometime after he made his last trip here, at finding his "star"sermon, word for word, in John Morgan's tract, The Plan of Salvation.

For a young man of the brightness and natural ability to speak, which this elder possessed, isn't it pretty hard to find a satisfactory excuse for such methods?

He was so sure that the gospel is true that he did not have to study at all, and to go to the trouble of learning to preach a sermon of his own was beyond his ambition.

This same elder could have made a mark for himself by just a little hard work, and perhaps enough honest inquiry to keep him interested in the revelations of truth which that work would have brought him. As it is, he returns to

his home with practically no knowledge, as compared with what it was possible for him to acquire. I am sure there are better missionaries in other parts, and I

would like to see some of the better ones sent here, and in the surrounding states.

I would rather see representative elders in the states than in the foreign missions

Of course, our elders are sincere, goodhearted, and in every way good men, and we like to have them come and visit us, and the meetings we have are surely most interesting and enjoyable. We think the world of them, and they appear to

think as much of us, and we would not hurt their feelings for the world. But the

truth remains, they are not as studious and industrious as they might be.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS.

J. A. Hooper, writing from The Hague, Holland, under date of July 19,

says: "The coming of the Era is looked forward to as the coming of a friend.

It is a friend of the missionaries, and we appreciate your kindness in sending it."

Rudolph Pauli, writing from Tremonton, Utah, August 1, says: "The Era

is a splendid magazine. With all my heart I wish you limitless success, and that

EDITOR'S TABLE. 917

you may continue to go on and upward in your noble aim to lead us to a higher sphere where dwells the noble and the beautiful and the grand, of which the Era is the medium of conveyance."

In the Swedish mission for June, there were 59 missionaries laboring in the conferences. They held 1,850 gospel conversations, and visited 12,118 strangers'

homes, held 201 meetings, baptized 22, ordained 1, and blessed four children.

It appears that there are 130 missionaries in the Scandinavian mission, and that thev visited 31,879 strangers'homes and held 4, 868 gospel conversations, 404 meetings, and baptized 32, ordained 9, and blessed 9 children.

Elder Lehi Larsen, president of the MahiaWaipu, New Zealand, conference, writing to the Messenger, says that the gospel work has received a great impetus in this district owing to the work of Sisters Edna Dixon and Mere Whaanga of the

Relief Societies. Workmeetings have been organized, and the Relief Societies are

doing real, live missionary work, they having appointed native sisters to take up labors among the Saints. The Saints are for the most part living up to the principles of the gospel, and the prospects are bright for the future.

Elder Alma 0. Taylor, president of the Japan mission, writing from Tokyo,

July 10, says: "The general affairs of this mission are in fair condition. The

work here in Tokyo is perhaps the most encouraging possible. We pray that the

investigation now going on will result in many conversions, and that a good number will be added to our small ranks. My work on the Book of Mormon translation is receiving the most of my attention, and rapid progress is being made.

We willRapid progress means 'as quick as possible.'So the end is not yet.

be greatly disappointed if we do not get the Brief History of the Church ready by the middle of August, at the latest, but making books and papers in Japan haa proved a very arduous task, and a consumer of years.

Elder Benjamin Goddard and his wife Emma have given their farewell address to the Saints in the New Zealand mission. The Messenger of June 29 says edit0na

"Elder Benjamin Goddard and wife left for Sydney per S. S. Miowera, Monday, June 25. Since arriving, March 27, they have visited all the European sevattended they here While in the Mission. branches native the of manyand inof words their where conference, general one and conferences districteral

i weeks few a remembered be long will fer encouragement andduction about will spend they where Islands Hawaiian the to proceed will theyAustralia conference. October the for Zion reach to time in Honolulu 1 avLg ntham of.-sympathy words her sunshine, much radiated Goddard Sister Emma h re eWM brighter. pathway their to make much done have elders the to agement encouZ\ home. return a happy and voyage, bon Goddard Sister and Brother wishWe

of LatterChrist oftJesus Church branch of the Theine Independence,ihu v Missouri, pioneers m Salt of the arrival of the anniversary

Mendl, gatored to commemorate the hi8torica! event. The celebrafon was held

918 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

inBudd Park, in the eastern outskirts of Kansas city. On the program was a

historical address by Elder B. F. Cummings of the Liahona; a poem, "The Mormon Pioneer,"by Elder Osbourn Richins; a recitation, "The Pioneers,"by Mrs.

Marie Bell. There was also a trio and a quartette by the elders; and a Sunday

school class song: "In Our Lovely Deseret."Elder D. H. Fowler gave a monologue, and the benediction was pronounced by Elder Earl Whitley. In the afternoon, there was an amusement program, in which all who participated and witnessed it were highly entertained. Among the songs, solos, anthems, etc., given

by the elders was, "Columbia, the Gem of the Ocean."The Kansas City Times

contained a very favorable notice of the celebration.

President S. 0. Bennion, of the Central States Mission, whose headquarters

are at Independence, Mo., visited Utah during the latter part of July. He returned

home with the body of Elder George William Wood, of Bluff, Utah, who died in

Harold, Texas, July 21, of typhoid fever, after a short illness. He had only

been in the mission field a few days when he took sick. He was 22 years of age,

and unmarried. He labored in the Panhandle district, in Texas.

Speaking of Texas, Elder Bennion reported that the Latterday Saints'colony at Kelsey, Texas, which was established by the late Apostle A. 0. Woodruff,

and Elder J. G. Duffin, is prospering nicely. This settlement was begun some

years ago by Wm. E. Read, who went from the Eastern states to live in Texas.

He was converted to the gospel, and, together with Edgar Brothers, purchased a tract of land upon which the Saints are now colonized. They have a Sunday

School of about two hundred; Elders W. T. Bodine, J. D. H. Cox, and John F.

Sanders preside over the colony. The people of Kelsey are prosperous, being engaged in farming and lumbering. Besides the Sunday School, there is a successful Young Men's and Young Women's Improvement Association, and also a Relief society.

On the 14th of July, the Latterday Saints meetinghouse at Atlanta, Ga.,

was formally dedicated by Elder George Albert Smith, of the quorum of Twelve

Apostles. In the early days of Atlanta it was one of the prominent churches of

the city, but had greatly deteriorated. The lot 50 x 105 feet was purchased last

May by President Ben E. Rich, and as soon as the property came into the hands

of the Church, the elders of the Georgia conference donned their overalls and jumpers, placed their Bibles on the shelves for a brief period and, with carpenter's implements, went to work reconstructing the house of worship. When they had

completed their labors, it was found that the Saints and elders of that conference had a comfortable church, 20 x 40 feet, with a parsonage attached containing four comfortable rooms, in addition to a bath room. It will seat about 200

people. The elders did all the labor upon it, cut down the weeds in the lot, and

otherwise beautified the place. They did all the work in remodeling the building,

except the plumbing. The elders who did the work are—S. W. Golding, president of the conference; Marcus B. Farr; C. E. Walker; Earl J. Lee; Alma Murphy, and A. G. Gunn; also H. C. Carlton and A. L. Meyers worked one week each.

The Saints donated liberally of their money, and furnished the elders with food

EDITOR'S TABLE. 919

while they erected with their own hands the little edifice In which the gospel of

Christ is now preached to the people. The A tlanta Constitution gave the dedication services favorable notice.

President Charles W. Penrose, of the European mission, recently visited

Denmark, and while there, dedicated the new meetinghouse at Aalborg, Denmark, ou Sunday morning, July 7, at 10 o'clock. President J. M. Christensen, of the

Scandinavian mission, and about sixty elders and three lady missionaries, attended.

The program was very interesting, the dedication prayer being offered by Elder

Charles W. Penrose of the quorum of Twelve Apostles. Especially attractive

was the children's choir, lead by a young brother as organist, and by one of the leading young teachers in that conference as director. On Saturday evening, a

priesthood meeting was held, largely attended. The new meetinghouse is a

beautiful and substantial redbrick building centrally located, in Valdemargade 2.

The building is 63 feet long, 34 feet wide, and 25 feet high, with a tower rising some 20 feet above the roof. The auditorium or hall on the second floor will accommodate 300 persons, and the building has a baptismal font, with dressing closets, besides a parsonage for the accommodation of the elders, kitchen, and other necessary

rooms. The basement is built of cement, and is especially arranged for a storeroom. A building lot was secured in 1906 for 6000 kroner, and the building itself

had costs 32,000, kroner (about $8,600).

President Penrose also visited Norway and Sweden, and held meetings in Christiania and Stockholm. Presidents Matson of Sweden and Christensen of

Denmark, and a large number of elders and Saints were in attendance at both cities. In a recent issue of the Millennial Star, President Penrose, speaking of his

trip to Scandinavia, states that there is considerable indifference among the people in relation to the gospel, and that in all the Scandinavian countries generally the signs for the prosperity of the work are not immediately apparent. The people

there, to a large extent, are in a state of religious apathy, having little or no appetite for spiritual food. "They are not hostile to the work of the Lord; they

are friendly to the elders; they admit the force of the reasoning and testimony

presented, but they do not care about it one way or another. 'Let us eat, drink

and be merry, for tomorrow we die,'seems to express their sentiments."

President Charles W. Penrose has returned to Liverpool from a long series

of journeys to visit Conferences in the European mission. They include trips

through Holland, Belgium, Switzerland, Germany. Denmark, Sweden, and Norway.

In the Millennial Star, August 8, he gives a lively account of his visit. We

quote this paragraph.

In Switzerland, Germany, Holland, and Belgium there is a spirit of investigation, and more laborers are wanted in the "vineyard,"with prospects of a great ingathering of fervent, truthloving souls. There are hosts of

good people in all the countries visited on this trip, and that fact invites the energies and best efforts of our missionaries. The crust of carelessness about religion

can be broken through, if faith inspires the work, and the counsel of the Lord is followed: "Search diligently and spare not."Much depends upon the zeal and

wisdom in which proselyting is conducted. If approached with an expectation of

failure it will be measurably in vain. If the good seed is sown in faith, the harvest

is sure to come sooner or later.

OUR WORK.

Y. M. M. I. A. ANNUAL CONVENTIONS, 1907.

To Stake and Ward Officers Y. M. M. I. A.:

conventions of the Y. M. M. I. A. will be held Dear Brethren:—The annual

in August, September, and October, 1907, as follows:

Alberta—August 11.

Taylor—August 18.

Panguitch—August 25.

1. Kanab, Big Horn—September

Beaver, Bannock, Emery, Juab, Malad, San Luis, Hyrum, St. George,

Pocatello,—September 8.

Cassia, Granite, Teton, Ensign, Jordan, Nebo, Weber, North Davis, San

Juan, Parowan, Sevier—September 15.

Liberty, Star Valley, South Sanpete, Wasatch, Utah, Cache, Oneida, Wayne,

Uintah, South Davis—September 22.

Fremont, Blackfoot, Bear Lake, Box Elder, North Sanpete, Summit, Millard,

Pioneer, Salt Lake, Alpine—September 29.

Woodruff, Union, Tooele, Benson, Bingham, Morgan—October 13.

Snowflake, St. Joseph, St. Johns, Maricopa, Juarez, will be held in connection with the stake conferences in November.

Stake superintendents will please give special and immediate attention to the following items 1. Confer with the stake presidency—secure their cooperation and arrange

for the conventions.

2. See that your ward and stake organizations are all complete and your

class teachers selected before the convention.

3. See that all officers and class teachers are notified, by letter or by personal visit if necessary to secure their attendance.

4. Secure suitable hall or halls for the convention, where both the Young

Men's and Young Ladies'officers may be accommodated, without interfering with the Sunday schools or the ward meetings. Consult with the Young Ladies'officers

in regard to this. Confer with the officers of the Young Ladies and arrange for

entertaining officers who come from a distance; and, if practicable, provide for

oint luncheon between sessions.

OUR WORK. 921

5. Have all Sunday school teachers who are Mutual Improvement officers

or class teachers excused from Sunday school classes to attend the morning session of the convention. This has been provided for by arrangement between the

two Boards.

6. Do not neglect to extend a cordial, special invitation to the stake presidency, high councilors, and bishops and their counselors, and all the stake officers

of the auxilliary organizations, to attend the convention meetings.

7. See to it that competent persons are selected to treat the subjects at

the convention and assign the topics to them in advance, and call attention to the necessity of preparing the subject according to the outlines.

8. Send copies of this circular to every ward president without delay.

9. Hold at least one preliminary meeting of the stake superintendency,

aids, and convention speakers, and discuss the convention subjects thoroughly and perfect all arrangements for the convention, in ample time before the date. Secure suitable and welllighted hall.

10. Confer with the bishop of the ward where convention is to be held and

secure the use of the ward meetinghouse for a public evening meeting, which should be well advertised. Have special music by the choir, and arrange for one musical

number by the young women and one by the young men. The visiting Board

members may occupy the time.

In making these arrangements, care should be taken not to interfere with the sessions of the Sunday schools or regular ward afternoon meetings. Some

settlement should be selected where the meetings can be held in a building other than that in which the Sunday school and ward afternoon meetings are held.

Thoroughly advertise your convention throughout your stake; give frequent

notice in all ward meetings, Sunday schools and other gatherings, and have a notice published in your local newspaper, in addition to individual notice, personal or by letter, to every Y. M. M. I. A. officer, including the class teacher.

For the work of the Young Men's Associations, two meetings will be held, one at 10 a. m. and one at 2 p. m. In the evening, at the most convenient hour,

a joint meeting will be held to which the public should be invited. A program need

not be prepared for the evening meeting. In case no visitors from the Board are

present, the stake officers should be prepared to occupy the time in presenting to the public the advantages and outlines of M. I. A. work for the season, and otherwise proceed with the convention work.

The meetings will be conducted by the Stake Y. M. M. I. A. officers, under

the direction of the representative of the General Board, and the program will consist of the following:

1—Membership, (See Circular of Suggestions, -p. 6).

2—Planned Work.

a. Value and necessity of regular officers'meetings, and persistent missionary work.

b. Sketch outlines for preliminary programs, and regular Manual work.

c. Adopt systematic methods for obtaining and distributing Manuals.

d. Give a synopsis of contents of senior and junior Manuals. (Send for a

copy of junior Manual to General Secretary, and see Era for August for.

922 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

outlines for senior Manuals). The aim of this season's senior Manual

work is to develop spiritual growth by encouraging the young people in the practice of true religion e. Select proficient class leaders, and urge them to develop interest in the

classes. f. Create enthusiasm among the officers, and inspire them with the spirit of

the work. 3. Leadership.—Leadership in this discussion shall mean the ability and authority to lead.

a. Elements of Success.—First, faith.—Faith in one's self. A man who

hesitates and seeks excuses, will fail as a leader. Second, faith in others.

A leader should repose confidence in his subordinates. Third, and first

in importance, faith in God. Any person in this Church who presumes

to do any portion of the Lord's work without relying upon Him is sure to suffer defeat.

b. Choose men for their fitness and direct their abilities. Frequent consultation among officers is essential to success. The doit-all man discourages his followers; the knowit-all man disgusts them.

c. Encouragement is a source of success. Appreciation is the best form

of encouragement. Encouragement of the initiative is a source of success. Originality in a leader is a most admirable quality, but the magnanimity of character that will inspire a leader to accept a suggestion

and adopt a good plan presented by a subordinate is one of the qualities that makes failure impossible in a leader.

d. Knowledge of men and their aptness for work is a means to success. Every man is good for something, and his talent should be utilized.

It is the business of M. I. A. leaders to secure the influence of those who

preside over them. Cooperation of workers is a source of success.

e. Appreciation is an element of true leadership. Magnify men's virtues,

and kindly correct their mistakes.

f. Leadership means a greater love for those we lead than for the honor

accruing from leading.

4. Our Financial Dues.

a. Necessity for the fund.

b. Loyalty to and support of the fund.

c. Benefits derived by members.

d. Collecting and forwarding. (See Circular of Suggestions, p. 7.)

e. Sacredness of trust funds.

5. Our Magazine Improvement Era.

a. Hereafter the Improvement Era will be illustrated.

b. There will be special articles of interest to boys.

c. The Era will maintain its literary standard; and continue to be the

medium for distributing the best writings obtainable.

d Subscriptions: All are invited to assist us to obtain 15,000 subOUR WORK. 923

scribers for this volume. By a strong, determined effort every

stake can obtain five per cent of the Church population as subscribers, and receive a rebate of twentyfive cents for each subscription. (See

Circular of Suggestions, p. 4.)

e. Value of the Era as a missionarv; a means of developing literary talent;

a literary product; the organ of the Y. M. M. I. A.

6. Wholesome Reading.

See Era for August, pp. 820830; also Julv, p. 762.

At the morning meeting the first three subjects will be considered, and the second three at the afternoon meeting.

The stake superintendents will select a competent person to present each of the six subjects, to be followed by questions and general discussion.

We trust that you will make every necessary sacrifice to accomplish the work, and that no excuse will be offered on the day of the convention, but that every requirement will be met.

These M. I. A. conventions, of all our gatherings for officers, are the most

important, and should be made the big events of the year. Any neglect will work

an injury to the cause. This year's convention ought to be the best ever held,

because we are growing. It will require work to make this convention a grand

success, but the good which will result will amply repay you for the effort, and we pray that the Lord will bless you accordingly.

OFFICERS.

Joseph F. Smith, General Supt.

Heber J. Grant, Assistant.

B. H. Roberts, Assistant.

Evan Stephens, Music Director.

Horace S. Ensign, Asst. Music Director.

Aids.

Francis M. Lyman, Briant S. Hinckley,

John Henry Smith, Moses W. Taylor,

J. Golden Kimball, B. F. Grant,

Junius F. Wells, Henry S. Tanner,

Rodney C. Badger, Hyrum M. Smith,

George H. Brimhall, Joseph F. Smith, Jr.,

Edward H. Anderson, 0. C. Beebe,

Douglas M. Todd, Lewis T. Cannon,

Thomas Hull, Benj. Goddard,

Nephi L. Morris, George A. Smith,

Willard Done, Thomas A. Clawson,

Le Roi C. Snow, Louis A. Kelsch,

Frank Y. Taylor, Lyman R. Martineau,

Rudger Clawson, Charles H. Hart,

Rulon S. Wells, John A. Widtsoe,

Joseph W. McMurrin, James H. Anderson,

Reed Smoot, Alpha J. Higgs. General Secretary and Treasurer.

EVENTS AND COMMENTS.

BY EDWARD H. ANDERSON.

King Edward Visits Ireland.—King Edward and Queen Alexandra visited

Ireland during the second week in July. They were enthusiastically received at

Dublin, as they passed in royal procession through the streets. The king wore a

green necktie; and the queen a mossgreen and delicate purple bonnet.

Attempt to Kill the French President.—On July 14, while President

Fallieres, of France, was returning to Paris from a military review at Long

Champs, he had a narrow escape from death. A deranged naval reservist named

Maille fired two shots in quick succession at the president as his carriage passed by, but luckily neither of the shots took effect. The incident created considerable

excitement, and the man was arrested.

Clemens'Modesty.—Mark Twain, who returned in July from a trip to

Great Britain, at which he received honors from Oxford, and also from the king and aristocrats of the kingdom, was questioned, so the papers state, as to the author of the best joke during his trip. The veteran humorist replied that

modesty forbade him naming the individual who made the best joke; but when he

was asked if he had a good time while dining with King Edward, he was not quite so modest, and promptly replied, "The king did."

"Lusitania."—The Cunard Line has recently built the largest passenger

steamship in the world. It is a new turbine steamship, and is named "Lusitania."

She will make her first trip to New York early this month. The steamship has 70, 000

horsepower, 45,000 tons displacement, and is expected to develop a speed of 25 knots. The steamer is 787 feet long, 87 1-2 feet wide, and her loaddraft is

37 1-2 feet. She has nine decks and can carry 3,000 persons, passengers and

crew. She has been three years building, at the yards of John Brown & Co.

limited, of Clydebank.

Thanks for Books.—The Improvement Era library is indebted to Elder

Henry W. Naisbitt for Volumes 1, 2, and 3 of Zion's Home Monthly; and also

24 volumes of current literature, neatly bound in leather. We appreciate the

gift very much, and the books will find a prominent position in the editorial library.

We take this occasion also to wish our friend the comfort and blessing which he now so much needs in the affliction which he is passing through, and thank him sincerely for all the many past favors that he has done in behalf of the young people in contributing his writings for our magazine.

EVENTS AND COMMENTS. 925

Haywood Acquitted.—William D. Haywood, Becretary and treasurer of the

Western Federation of Miners, who for nearly sixty days was on trial in Boise on the charge of being an accomplice in the assassination of former Governor.Steunenburg, of Idaho, was discharged by the jury July 28, having been found not guilty.

The public, as represented by the press, apparently are willing to accept the verdict, and to agree with the jury, that Haywood has not been shown guilty of the crimes for which he was tried. Mr. Haywood left a day or two after his release

for his home in Denver, passing through Utah on his way. He was met in Ogden

and Salt Lake City by a number of his friends and congratulated upon his release.

In Denver, it is said, he will resume the work of his office.

The Standard Oil Company Fine—As foreshadowed in the last number

of the Era, Judge Landis, of the United States District Court in Chicago, on August 3, imposed a fine upon the Standard Oil Company of Indiana, of $29,240,000, the maximum amount upon each one of the 1,462 counts of the indictment on which that company was recently convicted of accepting concessions from the

Chicago and Alton Railway on shipments of oil. It is probable that within a

short time proceedings will be commenced against the Chicago and Alton Railroad

Company for the alleged granting of rebates. There are still seven similar cases

against the oil company. These involve 4,422 counts, which in case of conviction would permit the imposition of fines amounting to $88,090,000.

Sons and Daughters of Utah Pioneers.—On Wednesday, July 24, by

call of the Daughters of the Pioneers, a number of the sons and daughters of early pioneers of Utah met in the Assembly Hall, and organized the "Sons and

Daughters of Utah Pioneers"with United States Senator Reed Smoot as president of the society. The 24th, which was the 60th anniversary of the entrance of

the Pioneers, was not celebrated in Salt Lake City in a public way, except by the organization of this society. Nearly 400 names were obtained as charter

members. Elder Heber J. Grant acted as chairman; and an explanation of the

work planned by the Daughters of Utah Pioneers was given by Susa Young Gates, who also explained the part to be taken by the society just organized. Among

the speakers were Senator Reed Smoot, Mrs. Zina Y. Card, and Elder George

Albert Smith. There was some good singing. At the meeting were present

thirtythree pioneers of 1847, seven members of the handcart companies, and fifteen of the Nauvoo Legion. All Pioneers who came to Utah prior to January 1,

1858, were declared honorary members of the society.

The Philippine Election.—The election in the Philippine Islands, held on

July 30, showed that the desire among the natives for independence was practically universal. The government party, the "Progressitas,"wanted independence, but were willing to wait for it until this government was ready to give it to

them. But the "Nacionalistas,"who wanted independence at once, outvoted

them at the poles, and elected twothirds of the fifty members of the new Assembly. As previously stated in the Era, only a few of those who were qualified took

the trouble to register, and now it has developed that only a few of those who 926 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

registered, voted, so that the actual vote fell considerably short of the registration. The total vote cast will not exceed 100,000, showing the voting strength

to be only about one and onehalf per cent. Among the members elected for the

Assembly is the notorious Dominador Gomez, who formerly had been sentenced to a term of imprisonment for aiding the insurgents. The session of the new Assembly

will begin on October 16, and Secretary Taft will probably be at Manila a day or two earlier to witness the opening.

Mayor Ezra Thompson of Salt Lake City Resigns.—On the 2nd day of

August, Mayor Ezra Thompson, of Salt Lake City, tendered his resignation as mayor of Salt Lake City, to the president and members of the city council, the same to take effect August 12, 1907. His reasons for resigning is that for the

past few months his health has been very much impaired, and he would have to leave the city for a while. A few days after his resignation Detective Raleigh risigned.

It is generally supposed that the real cause of both of these resignations lies in the resignation of Chief of Police George A. Sheets, who was forced to resign on

account of his alleged connection with the McWhirter robbery last fall. The

condition of the "American"party, as far as unity is concerned, appears to be very precarious, and the inward fight threatens to dismember the combination.

On August 13, John S. Bransford, nationally a Democrat, was elected by the city

council to succeed Mr. Thompson as mayor of Salt Lake City. He is said to be

a business associate of Thomas Kearns and David Keith, and has resided in Salt

Lake City eight years. He was born in Missouri, August 26, 1856, and went to

California with his parents in 1864, where he resided until 1899, when he came to Utah. On Monday, Aug. 19, Roderick McKenzie was appointed Chief of Police

for Salt Lake City.

Syllabus of Pope Pius X.—Early in August the head of the Roman Catholic church issued a syllabus which is considered the most important that has been

issued by the Vatican in nearly half a century. It concerns errors in the Catho

lie faith which has resulted from socalled "modern criticism."It is believed

by many that the document of the Pope will root out and banish forever from the faith the new ideas resulting from "modern criticism."It condemns with no

lack of decision, modern errors concerning the interpretation of the gospels, and the life, works, miracles, and death of Christ. It is the first document of the

kind to be issued since Pope Pius the IX gathered a syllabus of some 80 popular errors in December, 1864. The document also condemns, through the

agency of the holy and universal inquisition, the most prominent of the errors which Catholic writers have written under the pretext of higher research, and in the name of history. These writings are alleged to explain away the dogmas of

the church, and it appears that the errors which they contain are spread more and more among the faithful Catholics, thus corrupting the purity of the faith. It is

to correct these errors that the Pope has issued the important document which contains some 52 propositions which are proscribed and condemned by this general decree.

Korea and Japan.—The emperor of Korea undertook to send agents to the

EVENTS AND C0MMEN1S. 927

conference at The Hague to protest against Japanese encroachments upon Korean independence. This action irritated the Japanese government, and the result was

that, under pressure from his cabinet, the emperor of Korea abdicated on July 20, and the crown prince, his son, succeeded to the throne. There was rioting at

Seoul and a number of Japanese were killed. Japanese authority in Korea, however,

is now practically absolute, for on July 25 the new premier of Korea, and the resident general of Japan, Marquis Ito, signed an agreement binding the Korean government to follow the directions of the resident general in the reform of the administration, to enact no laws or ordinances without his previous approval, to make no appointments or dismissals of high officials without his consent, and to appoint such Japanese to official positions as he may recommend. The Japanese

have disbanded the Korean army without serious opposition, only 120 casualties being connected with it. Out of the army of 6,000, onehalf offered no resistance.

The emperor is allowed to keep six battalions of Koreans as a guard of honor; all

the other t'oops in the country will hereafter be Japanese. In the early part of

August Prince TiyongOui Yi, who was a member of The Hague delegation, arrived in New York, and tried to arouse American sympathy for his distressed country, but the United States have some little matters of their own to settle with Japan, which precludes sympathetic interference in behalf of poor Korea, even if this country were inclined to pity.

New Movement Among the Seventies.—The following circular was

issued June 12, 1907, by the First Presidency of the Church:

To the First Council of the Seventy—Dear Brethren:—We have felt for

some time the necessity of increasing the efficiency of our missionaries whom we send into the world to preach the gospel and represent the Church in the several countries where openings can be found for the proclamation of God's message to the people. As the body of the Priesthood over which the First Council immediately preside, the quorums of the Seventies, constitute more especially the missionary force of the Church, we have deemed it proper that they should have improved opportunities for meeting in a quorum capacity to pursue those studies necessary to equip them for the special work of their ministry. At present your quorums are meeting in a very irregular manner, some monthly, some semimonthly,

others once in three months, others weekly, but only part of the year; and under

these circumstances your quorums have not been able to follow any uniform plan of studies or any line of work that would give them the kind of training that would effectually prepare them for their ministry. In view of all this, we now direct

that you inform the Seventies through communication with the respective councils of the quorums that they are at liberty to hold their quorum meetings on Sunday mornings, at such hours as they may determine upon as most convenient for them, say between 9 a. m. and 12 noon, and at such places as they may be able to secure

without interfering with any other organizations of the Church.

We are aware, of course, that this change will affect the relations of some of the Seventies with Sunday School work, but where that is the case, you are at liberty to inform the members of your quorums that they can be relieved of attendance upon and service in the Sunday Schools, except where engaged as 928 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

superintendents or heads of departments where their places cannot be immediately filled by the selection of others; in such cases it may be necessary to release them

as Seventies, have them ordained High Priests, and devote themselves to Sunday

School work, unless they, or any of them, prefer to remain Seventies, in which event, they should be excused from attending the quorum classes, a thing which might be done without in any way interfering with the spirit and progress of this work, as the brethren occupying these positions are supposed to be capable men along theological lines. But as the Sunday Schools will have the High Priests,

Elders, all the lesser priesthood, and all the sisters in the Church to iraw upon for their work, we believe the cases will be verv few where it will be necessary to release Seventies from their quorums. In carrying out these directions you will

caution your local presidents not to intrude upon the Sunday Schools or their work. All arrangements as to place for holding quorum meetings must be

made without disturbing any of their departments or classes. We also suggest

that you except out of your Seventies'meetings all those Sabbath days on which quarterly conferences and ward conferences of the respective stakes and wards where the respective quorums meet, in order that the Seventies in common with the rest of the Priesthood may attend these general appointments of the Church; but as these

excepted Sundays will not exceed more than ten, the arrangements herein suggested will give the Seventies an opportunity to follow a practical, uninterrupted course of study.

We also suggest that you solicit the cooperation and assistance of the local authorities in bringing to pass these changes, that all may be done in harmony and good feeling. In order to further aid you in affecting these changes, we have

written a letter to the Presidents of the Stakes apprising them of these matters, and have asked them to cooperate with you therein.

We further suggest that in connection with securing these improved opportunities for holding your quorum meetings that the First Council outline a course of study that shall have special reference to qualifying men for labor in the mission work of the Church.

Praying God to bless you in your efforts to make more efficient the great body of the Priesthood over which you preside, we are,

Your brethren, Jos. F. Smith, John R. Winder, Anthon H. Lund, First

Presidency.

President Seymour B. Young, in behalf of the First Council of Seventy,

issued a circular to the Presidents of Seventies'quorums, under date of July 12, calling attention to this communication of the First Presidency, ordering such changes in conformity therewith as will place the Seventies upon a studying basis during the coming season. The first meeting under the new arrangements will be

held on the first Sunday in November, 1907, at which time a manual for the first years'work is promised, to consist of a course of fortyfive lessons on the four authoritative books recognized by the Church as containing the doctrines of the Gospel, viz., the Bible, the Book of Mormon, the Doctrine and Covenants, and

the Pearl of Great Price. The key note of the coming year's work will be, "A

workman should know his tools."

+ 4 + + *J- B Robbim, A. C. Kecley, R. Dumbcck MM MM MM S L Bird, Manager. S. B. Robbina

Cream Shipped everywhere I ALBERTS. REISER!

JEWELER Salt Lake City, Utah. J KEELEY

Choice line ofICE CREAM COMPANY

Wheleeale and Retail Makers of I WATCHES,

Pure Ice Cream, I DIAMONDS, Sherbets, JEWELRY, Water Ices, CUT GLASS. Fancy Bricks,

Frozen Puddings, SILYERWARE, Punches, Etc. OPTICAL GOODS.

HIGH GRADE CANDIES:: Fine Watch and Jewelry Repairing

4Delivered to Any Part of the City 4 - '"Mail orders solicited.

Factory and Of 'Ice, 260 State St. Bell Telephone 2640 k.

Both Phones 3223 Prompt Service,

Salt Lake City. Utah. <

The REMINGTON AUTOLOADING SH0T60N "Brewing's Patent"

It was the Remington Autoloading Shotgun, in the hands of an amateur, that won the recent Grand American Handicap against 495 contestants. It is

the PERFECT gun for trap and field.

Send for our 150 page catalog; it is free. We have "Ever ything for

Every Sport in Every Season."

- Ogden, Utah.BROWNING BROS. CO.,

The Ensign Knitting Co.

Positively make* the best SWEATERS and KNITTED UNDERWEAR in the West

APPROVED GARMENTS of the wellknown original Nauvoo Brand always on hand.

Their Mountain Lion Brand HOSIERY is as nearly holeproof as can be, and U strictly

guaranteed.

If your dealers do not carry their goods, call or write to the factory direct, 30 and 22 Richards Street, Salt Lake City, Utah.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the ERA.)

scenic line: or the world

f\ panorama Canyon of the Grande Canyon of the Gunnison

Of Natural Eagle River Canyon Garden of the Gods

Beauty all Wagon Wheel Gap Manitou Springs tl?e U/ay. Glenwood Springs The Royal Gorge

PULLMAN AND TOURIST SLEEPERS

TO DENVER, ST. LOUIS AND CHICAGO

For Folders, Booklets, etc, address I. A. BENTON, Gi A. P. D., Salt Lake City, Utah

excursions to Ogden Sundayt September 1st and J 5th

VIA

Round Trip Only $1.00

See daily papers for Bulletin of other

Excursions via the OREGON SHORT LINE and connections.

D. E. BURLEY, G. P, A. D. S. SPENCER, A. G. P. A.

SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH.

SALTAIR BEACH 31. OPENS MAY

The Bithing: this year is better than ever, and, owing to

the high water, the best since the Pavilion was builtSplendid Attractions: Steamboat, Gasoline Launches, Old Mill,

Roller Coasters, World's Touring Car, Bowling, Shooting and Dancing.

Skating Rink is the best in the state*

Make your dates for Saltair.

J. E. LANGFORD,

Manager.

ARTIFICIAL REFRIGERATION AT MARKET AND SLAUGHTER HOUSE

Palace Meat Market THOS. J. NIPPER, Proprietor

Wholesale and Retail FRESH AND CURED MEATS, FISH, POULTRY AND GAME IN SEASON We carry the largest supply of any market in the west, and everything is properly chilled before serving the customer.

BOTH PHONSS

263 265 South Main Salt Lake City, Utah

(When writing to Advertiser*, please mention the Ema.)

1 1 1. 1 1!

* - i- i-i-i-i-ri 'Mi i i-i-m:**** M-'M-i-i-i-i-i-i-i- 1 1 1 1 \ mi mi mum

Gents'fall ana UJittter Suits

have just received a very attractive and stylish line of big and little men's suits; WE

exclusive and becoming styles in men's, boys'and youths'fall clothing in the very latest fabrics. You will be pleased and attracted with the

style and cut, and for good wear you cannot be visit our clothing better served. We invite you to

will be well repaid. Department—you

Strong and Serviceable School Suits.

Where you Our Drug get Store is at 112 the Best I. 114 Main St. Z. C. M.

1 1 l I |..t.. l.l.lH-M"|-I -M"I"I"H"H"l -'Ml -H "l"l -l -M I I H-H-4 MMH H M -M

. '1 I 1""1 I".H I1I 1 I 1 1 1I H1 nM-M mM IJ M 1"H"I'f

d{ wonderful inven- T)|4rtRIrtf*DJlT3U"'T'HE most # DwWwUlT/IJrXT 1 tion of the present age.

The Acme oF Realism Prices now within the reach of!

all. Machines from $10.00 to '. '.

$50.00. Records 35c. each. '.'.

IxjowNcrtRTHEBAMo."Every home should have a!!

Phonograph. You can always '. '.

entertain your company with!!

an Edison. Write or call for J

particulars.

Everything: known in Music.

CLAYTON MUSIC CO.,

";; Leading Music Dealers. J09-U-J3 So. Main.

; 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1, 1 1 1 1: -h-i -m n h i-h-i-h-m i i 1 1 * n.-H-i-M-H-i

(Wkcfi writing to Advertiser*, plea** mention the E*a.)