::::: NiCMmprouementltra t;: Jtftp*,*

x-'-i-: |S J Jifil "f";:-;:P

!ff:

.5 citfcJ!

:;:,:.

OCTOBER; 1943

10VOLUME 46 NUMBER RETUHN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT LAKE CITY, UTA H".:>-iS.;}::S;i*:>:*fe: v:- i

IT PI I WAS MRS. FRAN LlN

"... and the monster I had created in my vice. If so, we want to know about it.

dream seemed to fill the whole kitchen. Right now, appliance manufacturers are

It gave the family a good laugh at breakworking and planning to make your gas fast! And then I fell to daydreaming. range of "194x"even finer, more conWhat would the postwar gas range be venient if possible. & We value the praclike? What would I want it to be like? # tical suggestions of western homemakers.

At first, I couldn't think of a thing I So we invite you to write us informally would change in my marvelous CP range (no sketches necessary) just describing—a beauty, and it gives perfect results; in your own way what you would like in

does about everything but set the table! your ideal gas range of tomorrow. May

Then suddenly I had an idea for a new we hear from you? & Address, please:

gadget.... "& Perhaps you, too, have an

idea—for design, operation, a new deMOUNTAINOffices FUELin Salt Lake—Ogden—PiovoSUPPLY COMPANY

SERVING TWENTYTHREE UTAH COMMUNITIES IN WAR AND PEACE

.

V, f '(e>

K 4T a By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

HPhe eye is able to distinguish sharply (visual acuity) over an extremely wide range of intensity of illumination.

Fine work can be done with as little as two or three footcandles. With increasing light the sharpness of vision GRAHAMS

improves up to 1285 footcandles and some investigators have claimed up to six times higher. Exterior surfaces by ARE BEST!

daylight have values in the range of a thousand footcandles. Honey Bees are the only grahams

made with sweet Chaparral Tt is estimated that for a dust particle honey,feed on producedthe sweetbyChaparralthe bees thatclowith a diameter of a hundred thouver high in the fertile valleys of sandth of an inch the gravity pull of the sun would be just equal to the radiation the Rockies. That's why Honey

pressure away from the sun due to sunBees have a more delicious flavor!

light. And Honey Bees are baked in the

4 only cracker factory between

Denver and the Pacific Coast.

diseasecausing carried germs,Come That's why they're fresher!

**? air, can survive or by two days

more. It is conceivable to get an infectious disease from someone who has Bt>sneezed before. two days

'"Phe earth discharges static electricity GRAHAMSfayPURITY into the air about a thousand amperes of current continuously, or more than the Boulder Dam transmission line carries, according to Dr. G. D. Register now for the

McCann, Westinghouse lightning expert. This static charge is returned tothe earth by the fifty lightning strokes FALL TERM

that hit the earth every second. AT THE

'"p'HE ancient Egyptian ladies were as concerned with their appearance as oL.. c*LJ. j.any today. They used eyeshadow, today called kohol, of galena or malachite. The intensity of heat and lightmade cosmetics useful to protect and U6meS5 Kotteaelubricate the skin. For the lips, red &

ochre, and henna for the nails ( used in Day School—8:30 to 3:15,

parts of the Orient today) and hair five days a week.

(both Orient and Occident today). Forrouge or powder they had a wide range Evening School—6:45 to 9:25,

from deep black, through grays, Monday and Thursday.

browns, orange, and green to white. Thorough training in stenography,

The creams were made of wax, olive willaccounting,increase oryourgeneralvalue officein the workwar oil, effort now animal or better chance..for. employmentand give youafteraresin added. Afatsgoodlywith numbersome aromaticof perward.

fumes were also available. Write for our bulletin.

"Tryptophane, one of the ten es- L D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

sential amino acids, of which proSalt Lake City 1, Utah teins are built, when lacking in the diet may give rise to baldness, cataracts of the eyes, poor teeth and sterility, rewill bringsearch at Johns Hopkins University insubscription "Era"AN orrtR.. hidicates. * the to comfort the boys in serv- A COMPLETE

ice for twelve full months. ENGRAVING SERVICE

A wood saw with a blade which From Missionary Portraits to the Largest "travels twelve thousand feet a minMail Orders CataloguesGiven Prompt Attention ute can saw hard or soft metals at very 50 North Main Street CO. ENGRAVING UTAH

St. Salt Lake City,high speeds. Developed at Bell AirSalt Lake City 113 Regent (Concluded on page 580) Utah

OCTOBER, 1943 577

with Aketcluu by GslFVowptNft EraTHmprooemcnt 'The Glory of God is Intelligence'

Grant, Heber J.

A. Widtsoe,OCTOBER, 1943 John

Richard L. Evans,

Managing Editor VTHE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Marba C. Josephson,

William Mulder, OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, Associate Editors

MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTGeorge Q. Morris, Genera/ Mgr.

MENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD Lucy G. Cannon, Associate Mgr.

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH J. K. Orton, Business Mgr.

OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

Jke (.editors f-aae

Everlasting Credits....... Heber J. Grant 589

Lkvtfck jreaturid >.*-..whosoever drinketh

Spencer W. Kimball, the Apostle from Arizona Jesse A. Udall 590 of the water that I shall give

Ezra T. Benson of the Council of the Twelve

.—,.... Lydia Clawson Hoopes 592 him shall never thirst; but

The Little Theater Movement of the Church.....Joseph L Cannon 603

Evidences and Reconciliations: LXXI—Is There Coercion in the the water that I shall give

Church? John A. Widtsoe 609

Mutual Messages 603 NoLiquor-Tobacco Column.61 8 him shall be in him a well of

The Church Moves On 605 Genealogy: Nathan Tanner, Sr.,

Priesthood: Melchizedek 616 E. Pingree Tanner 621 water springing up into

: Aaronic 619 Music: Music Guild, The Ward

620 Teaching Alexander Schreiner 622 Ward the Seventy 596 Belvedere 622 everlasting life. Choir Work of Ward

—John 4:14 special jreatiAreS Alaskan Rescue Joseph H. Tippets to Ira J, Markham 594

Prophet Teachers of the Old Testament Levi Edgar Young 596 EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL

Pioneer Diary of Eliza R, Snow—Part VDI 598 OFFICES:

Our Communicative Behavior Earl J* Glade 601 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah.

Beyond War........Frank H. Jonas 602 Copyright 1943 by Mutual Funds, Inc.. a Corporation ImproveYoung Mutual Men's of the Exploring the Universe, FrankHoming: For Association Gardeners—Harment Christ Church Jesus of the of

lin S. Harris, vesting 577 Jr.... and Storing Fresh Saints. rights Latterday reserved. All of Subprice, scription year, a in advance; $2.00 20c Fruits Dowding....578 Goff and Vegetables, RobWord Portrait,

single copy. Said 579 Brigham Daines ert H. Young 610 at the Office, Post Entered Salt Lake City.

Telefacts 580 Following Advice 610 Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance for

mailing at special of postage rate provided Life, Quiz, Smith Genevieve Lewis van Good The Wage- W.

in for section 1103, 1917, October, of Act... 581 nen 61

2, authorized 1918. July

Christian Aztecs, to the Elizabeth, Debt Homes, Our Word is responsible not Improvement The Era

Dr. Charles E. Dibble....582 Queen of England 611 for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes conOn the Book Rack....:. 584 Cooks'Corner, Josephine B. tributions.

Attitudes of..612 Religious Nichols The

Hints M. Strong.586 613 All manuscripts must be accompanied Noted Men, Leon Handy

How Good My Word, Nolan F. News from the Camps 615 by sufficient postage for delivery

Taylor 588 Index to Advertisers: 629 and return.

Your Page and Ours 640 (L-ditoriatdUtonaid NATIONAL ADVERTISING

REPRESENTATIVES Conference Notice....... 608

"After the War"... Richard L. Evans 608 Salt Lake City: Francis M. Mayo

Comedy to Tragedy. Richard L- Evans 608 San Francisco: Edward S. Townsend

Chicago: Dougan and Bolle

JtoneSy [-oetru, Lroddu/ord f-uzzie New York: Dougan and Bolle

Alaskan Rescue Joseph H. Tippets to Ira J Markham 594

Men of Iron...James P. Sharp 600 MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF

Frontispiece: Molehill MounPoetry Page -604 CIRCULATIONS

tain, Frances Hall 587 Scriptural Crossword Puzzle 636

Living, Phyllis Clayton 581

Jke Lcover A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY 'unlight gleaming across the crest of a breaker on the rugged Oregon shore is the MEMBER OF THE FAMILY photographic work of Ray Atkeson.

578 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Conference Issue of the "Era"Since the enlarged Era of November will carry the October conference addresses of the general authorities, the date of publication will THREE BOOKS necessarily be somewhat delayed.

Subscribers are consequently asked to make allowance for late delivery of the November Era. TO OWL. TO READ... TO REMEMBER

J-iciioK. (DodbtituL ddihfu

New Sunday Evening Church Radio Series Begins October 10

Sunday, OctoberBEGINNING For This My Glory 9:15 to 9:45 p.m., MWT,10, fromover

KSL, Elder Albert E. Bowen of the By Paul Bailey

council of the twelve will begin a new Here is one "Mormon"novel you can send to anyone for thrilling reading and series of addresses under the general for undistorted fact. "\

title "Constancy in a Changing World,"Says Dr. John A. Widtsoe: "'The book shows above all else that a story of

This series will follow the termination intriguing interest may be produced by telling the truth about 'Mormon'history."

of "Fundamentals of Religion,"by ElHere is a novel, which, once started, you will find difficult to lay aside.

der Charles A. Callis. Further details 336 pages $2.50

concerning the new series by Elder

Bowen will be announced later.

Brigham Young Said Sam Brannan and The California Mormons

Selected by Heber Q. Hale By Paul Bailey

from "Journal of Discourses""These historical events cluster about the most picturesque, and, in his day, of California. the founders figure important most among Brannan was Sam security that brings and the system The English, novelist, gift of the author, the in graceful unique. and with The has made

is to live the best and the bestpeace by fiction."history as if it were read

to die by.—13:241 (1870). Attractive, colorful, distinctive both in content and physical appearance.

... $1.75 Silence is a thousand times better 187 pages

than words, especially if those words are not in wisdom.—13:244 (1870).

yet preached a sermon Evidences and Reconciliations I have never and sent it out to the children of men By Dr. John A. Widtsoe

that they may not call scripture. Questions of science, soswered briefly, clearly, satcialpractice—sixtyeightrelations, and ofchurchthe isfyingly.For students, for teachers,

most most persistent, Subscriptions to Soldiers questions quently discussed freold—herefor parents,is onefor youngof the mostand

A recently issued regulation conin the church—are here anhelpful books of recent years.

cerning the sending ** of magazine gift subscriptions to soldiers outside 334 pages. $1.85

of continental United States, but not affecting navy, marine, or coast guard personnel, for us it advisable makes understanding here our of summarize to Je/L "MUST"ookdu fl&L fa&upyuutL Stibjuw the rules now in effect: (Check those desired, fill in name and address, tear out, and mail)

1. Gift subscriptions to The Improvement Era may be sent to Gospel Standards—$2.25 Q Sam Brannan and the

soldiers anywhere within conBy Heber J. Grant California Mormons $1.75

tinental United States.

subscriptions 2. Gift to soldiers In the Gospel Net $1.25 By Paul Bailey

outside of continental United By John A. Widtsoe n The Gospel Kingdom (price

States which were in effect beEvidences and and publication date to fore January 15, 1943, may $1.85 be announced). still Reconciliations

sent. be By John Taylor j By John A. Widtsoe 3. Subscriptions to soldiers outside

continental orStates of United....-..$1.50 and Always Day Q This; ORDER NOW dered since 15, 1943, WHILE STOCKS ARE 'January Richard L. Evans By AVAILABLE if the soldier sent be himmay

....;..........$1.50 Hills self specifically that requests the the Unto; THE CO. tOOKCRAFT

to him. magazine be sent P. Richard L. Evans By 63, Salt 6. Box City, Lake Utah '{ 4. Gift subscriptions sent be may Please the send books abov"e. checked....$1.25 of the Times Signs to marine, coast and guard navy,

members as heretofore. By Joseph Fielding Smith $—t-i..—Check or money: order

5. Subscriptions sent to being to Perfection

', in will sol- n Way diers this country con- $1.25 a enclosed.Please sentL.CO.D. Fielding Smith By Joseph tinue to follow and them if when

they are sent overseas. For This My Glory j....$2.50 NAME

... Send the Era to your men in the By Paul Bailey j ADDRESS

service. Your orders will receive immediate attention.

OCTOBER, 1943 579 ENJOY INEXPENSIVE TELEFACT PRIZEWINNING OUR ARMED FORCES

ORANGE MARMALADE It's Easy To Make Anytime JULY

This Simple With Recipe 1943 a Sized Oranges 6 Medium (2 lbs. Sliced) IANUARY

6 Cups Water 2 Cup Lemon Juice 1944 (About 6 lemons) <EST -) 1 Package M.CP. Pectin

9%. Level Cups Sugar JLUY

(Measured ready for use) in cartwheels with oranges very 1. Cut

\zoi-l Egc}, symbol represents one million slices thin knife to sharp as possimake ble. Discard the large flat peel ends. PICTOGRAPH CORPORATION

Sliced fruit should weigh 2 pounds.

2. Put sliced fruit in 8-quart kettle. Add

the water and lemon juice.

3. Bring to a quick boil; boil gently for 1 hour (uncovered). If peel is not tenEXPLORING THE UNIVERSE

der in 1 hour, boil until tender.

4. Measure the cooked material. Due to {Concluded from page 577) be sufficient to clear the ice from the

boiling, the volume will be reduced becraft, the saw has all the teeth removed polar seas, it has been calculated.

low 7 cups. Add water to make total but four. The frictional heat melts the

peel and juice exactly 7 cups. metal and most of it turns to gas. HP'he rainfall and climate can vary

5. Put back in kettle. Stir in M.CP. Pectin; greatly in a few miles. Salt Lake

continue stirring and bring to a full boil. Tf cheese is treated with propionic acid City receives sixteen inches of moisture

6. Add sugar (previously measured). Stir * or with sodium or calcium propioannually; the desert forty miles west

gently until it has reached a full rolling nate, the development of mold is slowed receives only six inches, while at Silver boil, and BOIL EXACTLY 4 MINdown. Lake, twenty miles east of the city, the

UTES. Remove from fire; skim and stir average is fortythree inches.

by turns for 5 minutes. HPhe plastic "Vinylite"sheeting, 4

7. Pour into jars. If you use pint or quart A which is scuffresistant, combined Pxtra vitamin B for brain workers

jars, seal hot and invert jars on lids unwith cloth is being used in children's L/ would enable them to do more and til Marmalade begins to set. Then, shake shoes. better work, or at least with less fatigue.

well and set jars upright. This keeps the The extra amounts above that required

peel evenly distributed throughout. ILJouses are kept cooler in summer if by the normal healthy person would

similarly not strength increase muscular * is treated white or with A the outside: well recipe equally works ThisNOTE physical endurance of workers, howof or paints, the lightcolored Bureau Valencias.with or Navel Oranges When ever, of doctors a group Milwaukee tests shown. Standards have iseither variety is overripe and peel discovered.

soft, use %-cup Lemon Juice instead electricity, static copper combat HHo to }/2-cup. discard sure any (Beof

is being put in flooring airpowder Constellation transport new HPhe recipe of This 7seeds.) pounds makes

belting. and rubber cements ** plane, fiftytwo carrying passengers,prizewinning Marmalade. Orange

can cross the American continent in

A Rise in the temperature of the earth eight hours using only one gallon of 5 of two degrees Fahrenheit would gasoline per mile.

A Quotable Book TELEFACT Cviaenced ana fl CL-r r\econciliaLlon6 by Dr. John A. Widtsoe

gives thoughtful consideration to perplexing religious questions and ssssss suggests answers in the language 6 out of every 10 tons of military supplies of today. $1.85 sent abroad are

At All Bookdealers PETROLEUM PRODUCTS

PICTOGRAPH CORPORATION

580 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE LjoocI LIFE

fHE following is taken from a letter good life, the dashes! I recalled to my

written by Cpl. Lewis W. Smith, mind the promise, "... shall run

son of Elder Joseph Fielding Smith, and not be weary."For a while I

who is serving his country in an unreasoned that temperance might gain a named foreign field. surer victory if I filled in the result without running, but integrity opposed such

Dear Folks: action. In the first race we had to

hitchhiker 100 carry on our backs for a life"the pays! For "good The In weight. past yards, of equal someone my topic one been but has therethree days I for 170pounder search a light made

the conversation moaning amongof all astonishing that the discovery men joints this and ofboys squadron—stiff since lost build of 20 pounds had my a muscles. I haveaching good And I started, the so events up had wound

it all started. Someone, aidea how toting heavyweight the very from a man

... officer 'chanced doubtranking no division. the of go"sound At

regulation which Air the Forceupon plunged and jumped back on we my rigid all physipass thatrequires a men first fast at the too runaway, down he "We Must Have of fitness test sevencal comprised dive, into sent us nose almost a which muscle to every taxevents and devised after to rhythmic but a settling down.. the posted frame.. Hein the human trot help the of a with we succeeded,orders advising the men of what was tail wind, to win our heat. So far Good Clean Milk"

to take place, taking care, of course, to without mishap.

ordeal. for thecite authority the acts of the first Cache One of for the 300yard ready we were Now regulations. to according all bemust NoIt pioneer organized newly dash, times Valley's three which meant to me colonel. the not even exempted,one

field. this football a up and At down milk evaporated company, was the

tall fellow time to a big, up came me in appointment milk inspector of aAndwarning—nowe only hadtimea forcoupletraining.of days foreus, five of quietly that suggested and

That was truly an abrupt way to jar whom he had selected, run together in 1904. It was realized by these prous loose from our lethargic existence. a slow, comfortable heat. In order to gressive men that the success of

few months calisthenics the pastFor possible I agreed avoid embarrassment their venture depended largely on term used a chastening only beenhad intrigue. to this at the As we lined up

to frighten the men into keeping out of starting post I could barely distinguish a supply of "good clean milk."

mischief. But now we were to pay! the timers'heads sticking above the

On the day of the events we were horizon. The big fellow gave me a Interesting, too, is the qualificagiven individual performance cards wink of assurance. We were off! Action required by these pioneers that

I started to out in low plan for recording our cording spacewith a blank "the milk inspector must be a carethe the deceiver, took gear, but big boy, side the score scores and on one achieved by "the average soldier"off as if he had been shot from a cataful, firm man."His job was to

printed on the other. What an averpult. Immediately I knew we had been work with dairy farmers, to help

four yards comAt 100 my reduped. soldier! been must have age He In them raise the standard of quality of me. ahead petitors were way Club. cruited Olympic from the At the

beginning I deliberated whether I would desperation the good life called to me of the milk that was to be conloaf through each event and thus esto hurry, but still a bit cautious I only densed and canned as Sego Milk.

cape the inevitable stiffness, or strain shifted into second. In a few moments

flop, the flop, GI's heard of heavy effort aver- I to outdo this myself in an Rigid inspection of the milk supbehind fading runaway on the me soldier. surveying our group age Upon

I concluded that among this tobaccothe big fellow's strength was expended. ply has, of course, been a cardinal

lunged crowd were surely some whom If I finished in a heap there was a jeep rule in the company's operation that carry waiting could home; back me certainly I could outperform, and I was

into high. so I went one I edged through all these years—and alby One of the to accept ignominy unwilling

athletic inferiority.... by the others and crossed the finish ways will be. Only milk that meets

of perspiration trace without ahead or high standards is accepted for proThe opening event was chinups. of breath. shortness That was all! The The first few came easy and I thought good life had been vindicated! The cessing into Sego Milk—one reason

it was going to be a cinch, but still I average soldier vanquished!... why this company has been a subyet. the I must average hadn't bested all the groanother boys are Today stantial factor in the development body each keep on. With pull my stiffness got ing sore with and moaning and

.. I effort and Idaho's heavier. Utah supreme. With muscles—all slowly; up, again then pulled myself industry—one I—ouch! am exceptout lookingme, offorcourse,some liniand ofdairy all last, pull gone, at then was when my ment. Irradireason why

to a point I just quivered where by up ated Sego Milk is the stretching could neck, out my my chin touch the bar. That was it! I had won favorite brand in

my initial encounter with my mythical LIVING homes all over the opponent. By Phyllis Clayton West.

The next few events (burpies, squatSego Milk a Utah Pioneer jumps, setups, and pushups) were not T iving is an art!

so grueling, though after the twentieth It takes talent born in one's self, Sego Milk Products Company pushup I had to force my weary length To know the real meaning of the Art of Originator of Evaporated Milk in the up in sections in a movement resembling Living Intermountain Territory that of an ocean wave. One must set his goal high, Plants in

Finally came the supreme test of the That he may achieve what he sets out to do. Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho

OCTOBER, 1943 581 Our WORD DEBT to ike SvztecS

By DR. CHARLES E. DIBBLE Your Car Gets

\X/e are aware of a great number of v American Indian words which have been incorporated into the English language as names of rivers, mounOlder Every Day tains, states, and cities: Kentucky,

Utah, Kaibab, Omaha, etc. Also a

of have found Aztec words into aniEnglish of as names IT DESERVES theirnumberway mals and plants indigenous to the AzTHE BEST WINTER CARE totec usarea.via theMostSpanishof theselanguage.words cameNotable examples are:

Proper care is more important this winter than English Aztec coyote coyotl ever, for two reasons: chili (chile) chilli

tule tollin or tullin chicle chictli Winter is always the toughest season on automobiles cacao (cocoa) cacahuatl chocolate chocolatl ocelot ocelotl it was a year ago! 1—and your car isn't as young as

avocado ahuacatl

If your car wears out, it will be costly to replace it with a used car—impossible to replace it with a

new one.

Preparation for cold weather includes a check up and fimxxtfi Chi-*?** Ttl/cL

service on 10 important items. Let us take care of them

for you—now—before the lastminute rush.

Keep Your Car in Fighting Trim

Walk to Church—Save your tire$

and gasoline ior essential war work transportation KEEP BUYING WAR BONDS ****mZ*&r oo Us of chilli ZOC.Caotx*.QS beaMSOf

Utah Oil Refining Company Stations and Dealers in Its Products Conquered areas which were adapted to the cultivation of these plants often paid tribute to the Aztec ruler in the form of produce. One group of towns

in southern Mexico paid four hundred

of cacao beans yearly. E S T O V E R A L L AMERIC ASF IN bags of chilipeppers and twenty bags of the mentioned Representations

SINCE 1830 plants and animals often gave the names of Aztec towns in hieroglyphic form.

An avocado pear tree gives the town there means, Auacatla, which "Where LEVI'S there's a.reasonof pear trees."avocado is an abundance

No others FIT like LEVI'S! The hieroglyph of the town Chilapan is

derived from "chilli"and "apan"(on the water ). The chillipepper is repreLEVI STRAUSS. A NEW PAIR FREE sentedplace wherefloatingthereon thearewater.tules) Tulais repre-( the

IF THEY RIP sented by the tule plant. Numerous

NONother towns were recorded by repreSCRATCH CONCEALED COPPER RIVETS ON BACK POCKETS sentations of the ocelot and the coyote.

582 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA i::

And the average grocer stocks about GO 12 different flour W**s items, too* somelodifferent tomato products. M**KET Tnd

in all the average grocer AU stocks a total of about & stocks lour grocer iiems 2,500. - probably. cheese all these 2,500 items How do 8 from to Question is: carries

16 different kinds. get to the grocer?

.co We Safeway, peopj

perfect SODACO. I a more hard to efficient

Yos m.

This is the it oldfashioned way was done Our idea is to Frequent calls by many competing suptest AU 2.,t6ms... and then pliers. toeth the about average On 60 different get hav*T

trucks called on a grocer, each truck bringing a part of the items he needed Vou can waste see this cuts onf a Iot, <* costly motion,

Hminating needless marketing costs, increase y B helped methodhas way, tl? dollar l frees consumer's of the share er timer's u consent offered And tsJconsumption. help to men consumers.;* to planesan distribution and food! more efficient farmsthis on peace, work or la war asset. actional mU benefits by the slightest possMe ldy And saves a trem iUeeneraad—r truck tires.

nle have worked

mem"*toimprove;orove

OCTQBER, 1943 583 ON THE BOOK RACK

SAM BRANNAN AND THE

CALIFORNIA MORMONS (Paul Bailey. Westernlore Press, Los

Angeles. 1943. 187 pages. $1.75.)

.,*'Here is uncovered an almost forgotten

chapter of California and western beginnings. The story, really an accurate

history, moves with increasing and compelling interest from New York to Yerba

Buena (now San Francisco) by way of

Cape Horn and Honolulu. It touches Illinois and the Great Basin, and crosses the

High Sierras. It is present at Sutter's Mill

when gold is discovered. It defies the Arizona desert in an epochmaking march. In

its meanderings it reveals many strange roots of American history.

The historical events cluster about the most picturesque, and in his day, the most important figure among the founders of

California. He was California's "first"

from the possession of wealth to many a valuable service in government, industry,

SW beenand agriculture.none like him.Since Samhis day,Brannanthere washas

unique.

is It historical study, a serious based upon p careful research. long author and has The

i for attempted to not events bend or warp r &P his purpose. But, in graceful English, and

with the gift of the novelist, he has made history read as if it were fiction. This has

been made peculiarly possible because the facts recited are in themselves full of romance and adventure, lived by very human men and women.

it will readers to most be surprising To that IT'S THE learn the took so important "Mormons"a part in the building of early California.

But the settlement of the Latterday Saints in the Salt Lake valley was but one event in the stirring history of that people. The

constructive service of the Mormons in

American history is yet to be described.

Some day someone will show how the Mormon development has given power and direction to many an acceptable American enterprise.

The stranger to western history will find this book fascinating, thrilling reading; those

familiar with western development will also profit by the reading, for there is much new in it; and all, young and old, will gain

enjoyment and information from this excellent, though brief, recital of days long full past, endeavor, which of human made 100% VIRGIN WOOL the possible of the winning and West, the present continues which to build. This is the policy behind today's VOGUE: upon

itself, to the physically, in book apAs smaller wartime Quantities, but true peacetime Quality. pearance and mechanical features, Paul

Our civilian production is limited, for war orders andBaileymakeup,himselfasis wellan artistas a writer,in typographyand this is attractive, colorful, distinctive. must come first New wool regulations, volume

however, have made it possible to return to kind.ThereTo isPaulneedBailey,for morecongratulationsstudies ofuponthis

this really effort. his worthwhile pen May the "100% Virgin construction Wool"for active on which be to years come; and many may

others follow his in to light bringing example has built its name. West Wool O j the

the romantic and lessongiving history of

See the VOGUE in these the founding of Western America. J.A.W.

harmonizing colors: DUSTY ROSE;

tooMJg!1 PEACH; BLUE; and GREEN. AMORMONISMSKEPTIC DISCOVERS

PORTLAND WOOLEN MILLS PORTLAND, OREGON (Timberline W. Riggs. Wetzel Publishing

Co., Los Angeles. 200 pages. $1.50.)

IN thescatteredreaderglimpseshere findsinto theanotherauthor'struthlife strangerthan-fiction narrative of conversion to the restored gospel. A boy, questioning,

doubting, wondering about religion, tries one church after another, and, finding much goodness and kindness but little satisfaction, 584 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA turns his back on his search and drifts aimThis book is destined to be a handbook marriage, the finding and choosing a huslessly and irresponsibly through the world. of reading and reference for all interested in band or wife, and fitting oneself for marAs a young man en route to South Amerithe unique state of Utah. In the schools it riage, fill the first eighteen short chapters;

ca for adventure, he is compelled by transwill certainly be found useful. the problems after marriage, of mutual adportation difficulties to spend three days in Congratulations to the author upon this, justment, and making love increase with the

the little green oasis of the Moapa Valley another evidence of his sound and wide years are dealt with in the remaining fourof southern Nevada. The harshness of the scholarship and his clear and attractive teen chapters. The whole subject is delidesert is repulsive to him, but the people manner of writing. cately though directly handled, which canlive here not be said awakenwho of many Dr. of of L. H. Creer, the University pass,three to civilized of vital days concern books man.—/.on this subjectA. W. but he stays—andan interest.remainsThe Utah, contributes excellent an foreword.here still. A. W. COLORADO—/. are people These Mormons. had He Hafen. R. Hafen (LeRoy and Ann W. is before, ofheard somethem and now Publishing Old Company, The West MARRIAGE, BEFORE AFTER AND find industrious, surprised towhat them

(Paul 1943. Denver, pages.) Colorado. 436 Popenoe, Sc.D. Wilfred Funk,honest, to in strangely able and answer

Inc., York. 246 pages. $2.00.) New historians poetic and by able religious the thatsimple language problems Written

in happiness semarriage this will writers, be history may of Colorado hisbothered youth. him His How

is interest to in history really arouse cured? the of do That much an for themesearch answer, and truth—questionthroughout this first old. useful statement answers, volume. fruit and among young the The The drawnstudy and same prayer—yields startles the from vast experience reader: of the the diroots of the general to of "The thousandsknown others—conversion.

rector fruit the Institute of the the future."of past of Cerproduce American Family his Familiar through experience with own

the philosophical and religious problems Relations, are intelligent, sensible, and in tainly, if people will study the past, the troubling young people in the world today, the main acceptable. The problems before {Concluded on page 614)

he makes a sincere effort to answer their questions. In doing so he discards the theological language commonly used in religious

books, and speaks in terms of greater familiarity. The book is aimed at the college student, the soldier, the youth who find

themselves in a perplexing world without spiritual and moral anchors. In presentation it differs from the ordinary pattern ofchurch literature. Perhaps in so doing it will fciqhL (Bookbu

awaken some thoughts and interests hitherto untouched by those who have sought to present Mormonism to a skeptical world, particularly doubting, to questioning, wonFROM THE BEST SELLER LIST secreyouth.dering Gordon B. Hinckley,

tary, church radio, publicity, and mission literature committee. In your library or on your gift list these books will

THROBS OFHEART THE deliver abundant satisfaction: IVWEST, VOLUME

(Kate B. Carter, compiler. Daughters

of Utah Pioneers, Salt Lake City.

1943. 528 pages. $2.50.)

T'his worthy continuation of the three A VOICE FROM THE DUST - - i $3.00

contains the series earlier of volumes lasting value. HisThe Book of Mormon Illustrated of new materialmuch

torian, story teller, and reader of the romance of the West, will turn to this as to the A NEW WITNESS FOR CHRIST IN AMERICA L 1.50

preceding volumes for helpful, often inspirNewly assembled, upto-date evidences in explanation and ing facts.

All of the twelve sections are brimful of support of the Book of Mormon information and interest concerning early of facts are pioneer days. A multitude...... 1.50 in PROGRESS OF MAN elsegathered here, which appear nowhere

organized form. And the human quality of Man's struggle for truth in the perspective of history

pioneer days appears everywhere.

Mrs. Carter and the Daughters of Utah THE WAY TO PERFECTION 1.25

are to Pioneers brief, illuminating essays on Gospel themes of cellent piece bework.—/.congratulatedA. W.on this ex49

UTAH IN HER WESTERN SETTING EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS 1-85 (Dr. Milton R. Hunter. Deseret News Answers to 68 questions and problems of today

Press. 604 pages. $4.00.)

for people prepared young book,T'his of INSPIRATIONAL TALKS,-. 1.00 school so adopted high age, and by the

Utah State Textbook Commission, will inGospel themes briefly and beautifully expressed terest readers of every age. It is really a

popularly written, beautifully illustrated, PRESIDENTS OF THE CHURCH 2.50

onevolume history of Utah. Within the

book the facts of Utah's story are told in a The only book of its kind most attractive manner. Readers, young or

fall old, asleep will over this not book.

value, double has because Utah AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF PARLEY P. PRATT 2.50 book The

is placed in her western setting. State Adventures of a dynamic missionary

lines are manmade. A state affects and is

affected by its contiguous and neighboring territory. The book clings, however, essentially to the telling of the events that made Utah the state it is today. Deseret Book Company

Nine units divided into fiftyfour chap44 East South Temple Street ters form the volume. The units show the

scope of the book: When Utah Belonged Salt Lake City 10, Utah

of the Mormons; Coming to Spain; The The Owned, controlled and operated by the ChurchExploring Pioneer of Utah; Utah Life; Utah

Indians; The Colonization of Utah; Poliof Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

tical History of Utah; Industrial Development of Utah; and Utah Life Today.

OCTOBER, 1943 585

THE

f\eualou5 rttituded wow FOR OF10 HAvtSl 44 NOTED MEN

By LEON M. STRONG

HPhe popular conception that scientists are atheists, or at best agnostics, is dispelled by a study of the lives of some of the most famed scientists. Space permits only a few quotations of the many

that could be submitted.

Copernicus said:

to the of mighty God; works To know

"- SMI. his and and majesty comprehend wisdom:X:.:*"in degree, the to appreciate, wonder-! v.orsedrav/n power;

ful working of his laws, surely all this must be a pleasing and acceptable mode of worship to ignorance the to High, Most whom grateful knowledge. than cannot be more Sted &re.! P food only a nation's Oliver is this in fashion reported Pupin

.. Bgsho Softermachines important, cropcif throughheaa year.. material neW of "B in neea &re Today's I intel- T the in believe Personally, divine J*e brmfnlW successful eVen tJ>igefgrower. your rigW it inligence, is simpler because and more sugar * numberava/e sents every n0 %f It telligible. exwith whole harmonizes my the to fftools. slem stars, perience. the each see you When with gg5PSacbdne awayOlivei its eqniPP with prescribed along path moving own not an haS laborearnuiPPedis Beetlift in to precision impossible attain a any Themanvjbo oper go an

i constructed you man, mechanism n by fortun when is 60 see a seed grow after a definite plan into a be.Ser'rnewBeetLrftercwith 011Vns"on a JM"* neavy tree, or a baby develop into a selfdirecting

individuality, that believe rtj can human you vnU It does Tractor. and ing

it is result the of happening? haphazard x, \ cutting tbe "SuSvS is understanding. a belief Such beyond my of all

it * is beets. that reasonable to suppose Moreover, getss Sid'ana *S cropsSSJSyour fingerditch or is the the soul, draft thing important which most aS Wee g cropmake that will d creation achieved, perish has theu when, yonr ring e

the physical body dies? Is the soul going to

have existed in vain? It does not seem possible to me. Science does not offer matheof the proof immortality of the souk the xopi matical while

infor us plenty but it gives of grounds fields.

telligent hope. And it adds to our conviclife tion that physical the a stage in is only MOUNTAIN STATES IMPLEMENT COMPANY of the soul. personal development beMy

OGDEN, UTAH lief is that everything that happens in this

BRANCHES great universe is for a purpose; and that

Tremonton UTAH—Ogden, is the of purpose development the human Idaho Falls, Rexburg, Rupert, Twin Falls, Buhl IDAHO—Preston, Blackfoot, Shelley,

religion science soul. That is where and

INVEST IN VICTORY * BUY WAR BONDS touch. Science will strengthen religion

just as it has strengthened mine.

My religion as a scientist does not contradict a single element of the religion which my mother and the people of my native

IPSE For OVER FIFTY YEARS villagesimply heldbroughtwhen meI wasto aa boy.higher,Sciencebroaderhas

view of the Creator.

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple That is the real pleasure of scientific work. The purpose of science is not merely

sore throat, and other minor mouth to make material things, inventions to inand throat irritations. arecreasecertainlywealtha andblessing,comfort.but notThesethe greatthings

est blessing. If science does not assist me

Hall's Canker Remedy amin carryinga failure outas athescientist.*divine purpose, then I

{Continued on page 631) MEAL (Caxton, E. Gibby, 1939).536 East 2nd So. at Salt Lake City, Utah eat ROMAN The Spirit of '76 SOME WAY - - EVERY 106107

Religious Digest. 1940, February, DAY pp.George2 The p. 34

586 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA i:s5::;;:;;;;;|3|5Sgj;jj:5:SS;s5;....

Photograph by Glen Perrins

MOLEHILL

MOUNTAIN

granite pinnacles seem high 3hese

With bitter peaks plunged deep in sky.

Far up the hostile echoes cry, "Here none pass by."

Large on life's map I print with shame

That dark, deceptive mountain's name,

Warning who takes the road I came

To light faith's flame;

For suddenly the steep trail bends

To a meadowed space where toiling ends;

From the cliffs below gay song ascends

And here are friends.

By FRANCES HALL

OCTOBER, 1943 Mow LjoocL MY WORD

By NOLAN F.TAYLOR

It was August. Outside,

the sun wilted the trees and grass with a searing blast. Inside the sheriff's office the air hung lifeless.

There was a lively discussion going on when I walked into it to pick up the latest news for the morning paper.

In addition to the sheriff, the clerk, and two or three deputies, there were two or three old timers in the group lounging and conversing. One of the

old timers caused a ripple of attention to cross over the faces of everyone present with the following statement:

"You know—I don't believe men in

this younger generation are as good at keeping their word as the old timers were."When someone asked him what led him to such a conclusion, he continued, "Well, just for instance, take borrowing money. In my day I have lent

hundreds of dollars to the cattle men and farmers who first settled in these parts. Furthermore, I don't recollect ever Iosin'a dollar, and I never

had a note or a signature for any of the money I lent. If a man needed

"PiivMp * cj\y\ wasmoneygoodand enoughI had it,forhisme,spokenand I wordtold him if he wasn't man enough to keep his word when he gave it there wasn't

This isn't a treatise on the care and feeding of infants. much use of us talking business.

It's just a suggestion for keeping your baby's clothes "Nowadays I don't know if you that business way or not—but

doubts. men many Too cleaner and sweeter—with less work. couldI havedomy

don't take their spoken word very seriTry washing her first garments with FelsNaptha ously, unless they sign their name on

Soap. You won't have to rub your knuckles raw to the dotted line as a guarantee. And

remove stains. There won't be any telltale, acidy evencases, thenpeoplethesuingcourtseachareotherfull upfor withfailodor. This grand mild soap, combined with active ing to keep their word, even when it

is put down on paper and signed."

naptha, makes every garment snowy white * * and fragrantly clean. It might be a good thing if you and

I check up on ourselves and ask ourFels-Naptha Soap is economical, selves whether we are as good as our too. There's extra washing energy word.

Being as good as our word doesn't in every ounce. And it's every necessarily apply to lending money, or

woman's patriotic duty, now, entering into any other business agreement. It applies to almost every transto make soap last just as action in our daily lives. As parents

long as possible. we are constantly making promises to

our children. As husbands we make

promises to our wives. Do we keep

our promises?

When we raise our hands to support and sustain the president of the church, stake leaders, the bishopric—do weFELSNAPTHASOAPbanishesTattle-TaleGray"really intend to stand behind them?

588 'THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (LueAadtlna Lmdltd 9 pjOW LASTING ARE BONDS AND STOCKS AND TREASURES

OF THIS WORLD? THEY LAST JUST LONG ENOUGH,

SOMETIMES, FOR OUR CHILDREN, AFTER WE ARE DEAD,

TO BUY TICKETS TO GO TO THE DEVIL WITH.

lUfONEY IS ALL RIGHT, IF THE MORE YOU GET, THE

MORE HONEST YOU ARE WITH THE LORD, AND THE

MORE GOOD YOU DO WITH IT.

t5u jp resident Meber d. Ljrant

know that you can go all through the church and find that the men that are most prosperous, on

I anleaveaverage,the churchare thoseand havethat nohaveclaimbeenon thethe mostLord honestand devoteand trueall theirto thetimeLord,to makingTrue, moneywhere theymen perhaps make it; they set their hearts upon the things they left when they embraced the gospel;

they set their hearts upon the things of this world and they get them, but there is no reward in the life to come.

I felt very much pleased one day when I got a donation of one hundred dollars on a certain matter from a dear friend of mine by the name of Horace G. Whitney. I went into his office and

he signed his name for a one hundred dollar donation. I had not any more than reached my office

when there came a card from him. On the back of it, it said: "Dear Heber: As I stop to think of

that list of names I do not think I did my full share. I always want to do my share. Kindly change

that 'one'on that check to 'two.'"I felt satisfied with the one hundred he gave me, but he had the

ambition, he had the desire in his heart, to do his full share.

I was told by his bishop, after he died, that he was the greatest donor, the most liberal man in the entire Eighteenth Ward. He was not the most wealthy man in the Eighteenth Ward, but he

was an honest tithe payer. He was a man who desired to do his duty. That is what counts in the

battle of life, and I want to say that he lost nothing; the Lord prospered and blessed him far beyona

anything that he ever dreamed of as a young man. I know because I know that his dreams and his

ambitions as a boy were simply to be a dramatic and a lyric critic on a newspaper, but in the provinces of the Lord he got into business and made several hundred thousand dollars, and he was entitled to it. Why? Because of that spirit, that he wanted to do his share.

Every man should have a desire to do his share. I think more of the credits that I have in

donations toward the temples and other things, than I do of any other property that I possess.

Those donations are everlasting credits, everlasting benefits. How lasting is money? How lasting

are bonds and stocks and treasures of this world? They just last long enough, sometimes, for our

order—somechildren, afterofwethem.are dead,I knowto buyof children,tickets towho,go toafterthe deviltheir with,parentsand havethey godied,therehavein doublegot almostquick

through tickets on express trains to that lower region, with the money that was left to them.

Money is all right, if the more you get, the more honest you are with the Lord, and the more good you do with it. Otherwise it is one of the alluring things in life that is calculated to destroy

men that get their hands on it. They indulge in things they have never indulged in before, in those

things that are not pleasing to God, with the means that have come into their hands. In the day of

adversity, they seek the Lord; it is as the history of the people that is recorded in the Book of Mormon, that whenever they became wealthy and prosperous and lifted up in pride, they deserted the

Lord, and whenever trials, tribulations, wars, pestilence, death, and hardships came upon them, they turned to the Lord.

"It is better,"we find recorded, "to visit the house of mourning, than the house of feasting."As

a young boy, that seemed very strange to me, but in after years I comprehended it. When we go

to the house of mourning and places of suffering, our hearts go out in love and sympathy and in prayer to God to comfort those that mourn, and we become nearer to the Lord; we become more

closely associated with the Lord in times of sorrow and adversity; but in the hour of feasting and

revelry, we forget the Lord; we forget those things of everlasting worth and benefit. Therefore,

the saying that it is more beneficial to mankind to visit the house of mourning than the house of feasting, joy, and revelry, is true.

I promise you, as a servant of the living God, that every man and woman that obeys the commandments of God shall prosper, that every promise made of God shall be fulfilled upon their heads, and that they shall grow and increase in wisdom, light, knowledge, intelligence, and, above all, in the testimony of the Lord Jesus Christ, as they have never grown before. And, may God help each

and everyone of us that has a knowledge of the gospel, to live it, that our lives may preach the truth.

Jke Cditor 6 ream f 589OCTOBER, 1943

Spencer W. Kimball

VS7ho is Spencer Woolley Kimball? twentysix and a half years, from 1898

"* For a true appraisal, we must go to the day of his death, he was presiback to his antecedents. He was born dent of the St. Joseph Stake of Zion,

in Salt Lake City on March 28, 1895, the stake which had been named at the the son of Andrew Kimball and Olive suggestion of President John Taylor in

Woolley. Like Nephi of old, he may honor of the Prophet Joseph. His abilthank the Lord that he came of goodly ity as a builder and organizer did much

parentage. His two grandfathers were toward the development of a great agrioutstanding colonizers and peers among cultural empire in eastern Arizona, and

men. Heber C. Kimball was an apostle in the years of his administration the

of the Lord, friend and disciple of the stake developed from a few wards on

Prophet Joseph, counselor to President the Gila River to some seventeen wards

Young, and missionary extraordinary and branches of the church, extending for his church; Edwin D. Woolley was from Miami, Arizona, to El Paso,

a colorful Salt Lake leader, business Texas.

manager for President Young, and a It is recorded: "And the child Samuel

great bishop of the Thirteenth Ward grew on, and was in favor both with ( I Samuel SPENCER W. KIMBALL for a period of forty years. His own the Lord, and also with men."father, Andrew Kimball, was likewise 2:26.) How well this word picture

a most remarkable man. Energetic and describes the growth of the boy Spenzealous always, as an advocate of the cer. He learned thrift and industry

was a typical Arizona day in May, restored gospel, he presided over the early in life. When but a child, he was

It 1898, a brilliant sun in a clear blue mission in the Indian Territory for ten given a small pitchfork to assist in the sky, when Andrew Kimball with his years and at intervals returned to Salt haying, and he rode the derrick horse wife, Olive, and their family of children Lake to earn a living for his family. For in the unloading of hay. Herding and

Lstepped off the train in Thatcher, Arizona. He had been called by the first

'presidency of the church to succeed

Christopher Layton as president of the 'then young St. Joseph Stake in the great

Gila Valley of eastern Arizona. It was

a most striking family group, the parents in the full bloom of life, the children finelooking, intelligent, and strong iof body. It must have been a thrilling

'experience for the Saints who were [there to meet them. But perhaps none

of those present could sense the true significance of their coming nor could ithey then know that the chubby threeyear-old Spencer, the next to the youngest of the children, would one day be an apostle of the Lord.

Fortyfive years pass by. It is July 8,

1943. Again the Arizona sun shines

brilliantly from the heavens. Spencer

Kimball, the threeyear-old boy of 1898, has just come home for lunch when his young son, Eddie, calls, "Daddy, you are wanted on the 'phone."As he

picks up the receiver, the clear, resonant voice of President Clark comes over THE SPENCER W. KIMthe wire from Salt Lake City. After BALL FAMILY

the opening greetings President Clark Kimball,Front row:Camilla PresidentEyring

comes to the point quickly: "Spencer, Kimball, Kathryn Murphy

President Grant and the brethren have KimballBarhara andJean,granddaughter,and Spencer just chosen you to be a member of the L. Kimball.

Beth, Olive Back row: things twelve."the Other ofguorum

Edward and Eyring, can Kimball Brother but are said Kimball. reAndrewLawrence

member them only vaguely....

It is likely only the few who have received this holy calling know what he passed through in the hours and days that followed that important conversation. In his own words, "I felt as though

CHILDREN OF ANDREW the sky had fallen in—this seemed utKIMBALL, AND OLIVE W.

terly impossible."He was overwhelmed 1906. SPENCER W. IS

with a flood of intense humility. He THEBOY STANDINGELEVENYEAR-OLDEXTREME

knew then, as he will always know, that RIGHT.

only God could make him equal to the duties of this divine responsibility.

590 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA nzovia ByJka mm JESSE A.

UDALL milking several cows were his daily The scriptures tell us that Daniel, in tasks. From money that he earned as young manhood, "purposed in his heart

defile that himself not the he his with woulda has Spencer young boy among depends "LJTow success a man's much of portion king's the meat, the tithing nor with in receipts uninterpapers an his wife! has Elder Kimball A upon (Daniel 1:8.) wine."Daniel, Like thatrupted yearly sequence date from favored helpmate charming a been with

defiled himself. never has the Spencer year.to current of full patient, has constant, been who If to pointblank ask him were you understanding encouragement. Her and

if the observed always he had Word childhood has he con-"Crom most in, of,- training teaching ecoand home tell he of modestly would Wisdom, you scientious his in to her nomics has enabled feed work—nothingbeen and

tea, that coffee, tasted never he hadshort of the best enough. good was For clothe well, her family even though the liquor tobacco. noryears he of a had atrecord perfect small. income sometimes Camilla was

tendance at Sunday School and Priis the daughter of Edward Christian mary. One Monday he was in the field Eyring and Caroline Romney. They

tramping hay for his older brothers had come to Arizona from Mexico when the meetinghouse bell rang for in 1912 as a result of the Mexican reyoV

Primary. lution. It was in 1917 when she was

"I've got to go to Primary,"he timidteaching at the Gila Academy:dt

ly suggested. Thatcher that she met Spencer, and it

"You can't go today; we need you,"was not many months before theilr

they said. courtship ripened into marriage. It is

"Well, Father would let me go, if said that "transplanted flowers ar?b

he were here,"the boy countered. usually the fairest"and so it was in her

"Father isn't here,"they said, "and case; the blueeyed, goldenhaired girl

you are not going."with the Spanish name, transplanted

The piles of hay came pouring up, from Mexico, blossomed into gloriliterally covering Spencer, but finalous womanhood as an intelligent, wellly he had caught up; sliding noiselessly trained woman, prominent in her own

from the back of the wagon, he was right. Her church activities are many.

halfway to the meetinghouse before his In a stake capacity she has served in absence was noticed, and his perfect the presidency of the Primary twelve record remained unbroken. years, in the presidency of the Mutual

He was a most happy and evenfive years, and for eight years she was tempered youngster, but he was brought literary class leader in the Relief Soface to face with the grim realities of life when he was stricken with a paraSPENCER WOOLLEY KIMBALL IN 1914 AT THE lysis of the face which threatened to TIME OF GRADUATION FROM GILA ACADEMY blight his future; but after administration of under the priesthood the hands his life the highlights of of was One 'IR*. - gradually completely andhe was field rethe three years spent in the mission

stored. A great void came into his life under President Samuel O. Bennion in

when his mother died in his eleventh the Central States. At the conclusion

year. Death came threatening again of his mission he was the president of

when typhoid fever struck him as a boy the Missouri conference and had thirty of thirteen, and for weeks his life was missionaries serving under his leaderheld in the balance. Again the power of ship. The following experience illusthe Almighty restored him to perfect trates his tact and ability as Ja missionhealth. ary. While tracting in St. 'Louis one

day he saw through the partly opened

HpHE young Spencer grew to maturity door a new piano and said to the wornat Thatcher. Having completed the ari who was in the act of closing the

public schools he entered the Gila Acadoor in his face, "Lsee that you have a demy, the institution which had been new piano."

established by the church early in the "Yes, we've just bought it,"she recolonization of the valley. Later, its plied with pride.

name was changed to the Gila Junior "It is a 'Kimball,'isn't it? That is my

College. In 1914 he was graduated with name, also,"he said, as the door opened

highest honors president and as of his wider. you like me to sing and "Would

;'class. In addition to his scholastic for play you?"i

achievements he was a star forward on "Surely, come in,"she answered.

the basketball team, and many a game Walking to the piano he played and was his accurate by won goalthrowing sang pleasant Father."This "O, My DEEP PRESIDENT ON KIMBALL SNOW IN THEfrom every angle on the. floor. introduction led subsequent to many THE STAKE WHICH GRAHAM, FROM MOUNT

President Kimball has a rugged congospel conversations. OVER WHICH HE PRESIDED TAKES ITS NAME

stitution, developed through clean livUpon his return from his mission he ing, years of hard work and outdoor attended the University of Arizona and ciety. In a ward capacity she served as

life. He has a most engaging personsubsequently accepted a position as literary leader of the Relief Society for,

ality, is pleasant, friendly, ready to be teller and bookkeeper in a bank in his eighteen years and at intervals has been of service, and possesses the firmness home county. Later he became branch a teacher in the Sunday School. She

and dignity of a strong man with the, manager and assistant cashier in one of has also been active in civic affairs and smile and optimistic viewpoint of a boy. a chain of banks. {Continued on page 638)

OCTOBER, 1943 591 THE EZRA T. BENSON FAMILY. Left to riflht: Beverly, Barbara, Reed A., Flora Amusson Benson, Bonnie, President Benson, and Mark A. Benson

T. EZRA BENSON

or the Louncli or the ve Jwell

By was one of the first to speak when Success in a duocareer is the story of Benson, secexecutive T. Ezra for President opinions asked Roosevelt LYDIA CLAWSON HOOPES

of the retary of National Council faced the food the problems which on

Farmer Cooperatives, who was recentnation during a conference at the White ly called to the quorum of the twelve House with prominent farm leaders.

apostles. "If you want my views I'll give them

A topranking Washington executo you, Mr. President,"he said, and

tive, Ezra T. Benson has served as outlined two steps he felt should be

president of the Washington Stake of taken. He suggested that some one in

the church since 1940. So inseparably authority in Washington should tell

is religion entwined with his life and local draft boards that their responsicareer that all those who know him are bility in providing manpower to procognizant of his identity with the Latduce food for the war effort is equal to terday Saints as well as his leadership that of providing men for the fighting in farm fields. forces.

Religion to President Benson is a Discussing his second point, Presiway of life and he lives it each day of dent Benson said, "The government the week. He looks at the world as should step in and stop the widespread

"God's glorious creation,"and living as selling of dairy cows, other stock, and "the Lord's mission."With complete farm equipment by farmers who are

faith in the Lord, he prayerfully asks unable to continue in business at presfor his guidance and does his work with ent farm price levels."

serene confidence in the Lord's forthcoming help. EZRA T. BENSON in Washington the O epresenting Believing religion the most important From a photograph appearing on the cover o[ the A largest farm organization in the

phase of his life, he gives it first considSeptember, 1943, issue o} "Cooperative Digest"country, Ezra T. Benson serves as seceration when making decisions. When retary to over two million farmers

he was asked to take his present position of life. He won their respect immedithrough member cooperatives. This

as executive head of the Farmer Coopately, and each year he has been given huge federation of farmerowned and eratives, he told the leaders of the ormore and more responsibility in the farmercontrolled cooperatives which ganization that the position held no inorganization. nationally represents, serves, and

terest for him if in any way it would Known for his integrity and frankspeaks for its member cooperatives, reinterfere with his church activities, his ness, President Benson never hesitates cently gave to Secretary Benson, "with church standards, or his religious way in the "courage of his convictions."He complete confidence... the power to

592 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA speak and act with full authority for | Tshered into the world on a prayer, the council."*** when the attending physician deThough his associates give Elder spaired of his life and his father and

Benson credit for the remarkable grandparents knelt to ask the Lord's growth in the organization since he help for him and his mother, Ezra T.

joined it in 1939, he in turn gives the Benson first saw the light of day on credit of his success to his blessings as August 4, 1899. His parents, George

a Latterday Saint. His attitude has T., Jr., and Sarah Ballif Benson,

won praise for all those who know him. lived on a farm in Whitney, Idaho, and

Following his call to the quorum of the his grandparents, George T. and Louisa

twelve, hundreds of letters poured into Dunkley Benson, were among the first his office from highranking executives fifty families who settled in the little who represent various creeds and community which lies three miles southfaiths. In congratulating him on his east of Preston. The eldest of eleven

high calling in the church, one and all children, President Benson was named remarked on their admiration for his for his greatgrandfather, Apostle Ezra principles. T. Benson, who entered Salt Lake val-

"It has been a long time since I have ley with the first company of pioneers.

seen a man in business express himself Like the four generations of farmers in spiritual in matters the fashion you before as affectionhim, "T,"he was did....'"'wrote Hoffman, Jr., gen- O. H. family, strong by his ately known grew

eral manager of the Interstate Milk and healthy working beside his father in

Producers'Cooperative of Philadelthe fields. At the age of five he was

phia. "Your spiritual integrity comcapable of driving a team of horses and

mands the respect and confidence of all riding them to herd cattle. His love of

those who know you,"said Albert horses grew with the years, and the "YANKEE SCOTS"

Goss, master of the National Grange. Elder Benson, as missionary to England, 1921-

"It is amazing to find in a city like 23, poses in a Glasgow photographer's props with

Washington, where men become encompanions(right). Frank McGhie (left) and Ralph Gray

grossed with affairs of business and government, an executive so identified with his spiritual convictions,"said C. the mission field, "T"and his brothers

Dana Bennett, of National Agricultural had a good portion of the responsibilResearch and editor of Washington ity of the farm and dairy herd. They

Farm Reporter. were difficult years for his mother and

Senators, congressional representaher eight children, the youngest arrivtives, and outstanding figures in all ing shortly after Elder Benson debranches of the government joined the parted, but the deeprooted fundamentop-ranking men in the farm field in contals of cooperation and religious faith gratulating President Benson on his recreated a home life which fives poigligious appointment, and all voiced the nantly in the memory of her son.

opinion that no one could fill his place The roots of his religious career and in the National Council. his professional career entwined in the

AGRICULTURAL COUNTY life, and years of his formative of himself as Thinking always a servAGENT,EZRA T. 1929,BENSONPRESTON,AS COUNTY, early FRANKLIN deterschool still in high while "T"ant accepts of the Lord, Ezra T. Benson IDAHO

mined not only to have a scientific education for farming but to go on a mission. His religious desires predominated and he sought the stake patriarch

for a blessing, bending all his endeavors to be worthy of a call.

HpHE earliest recollections in the child- "hood of the new apostle are of Primary, where he presented solos and recitations. He acquired a desire to be

a leader of boys and while still young began teaching in the Sunday School,

M.I.A. and Scout troop. "The greatest

thrill of those years came to me,"said the former scoutmaster, "when my chorus of twentyfour Scouts of the

Whitney Ward won first place in a stakewide competition and later sang in

HARVEST TIME—A FAMILY AFFAIR the Logan Tabernacle to win first

Father, mother, brothers, and sisters all turn out greatest pride of his youth was the skill place."Still deeply interested in Scout

to harvest sugar beets. A scene on the George T. he acquired in grooming a horse. "I work, he takes pride in his sons, Reed,

Benson farm at Whitney, Idaho, in 1920. would still rather drive a team of horses who is an Eagle Scout and Mark, a

than the finest car made,"he wistfully Life Scout.

praise with deep humility and gratitude remarks, thinking of those early years Though the youth of Ezra T. Benson

his father's farm. on dramatizesfor his blessings. for He neither a struggle and one of hard work was

from childhood young "T"'s Though of his life buthimself nor the events wholenot education, without it was works for the sheer joy found in enhelp with the farm was always necessome fun, gaiety, and young laughter.

school entered grade sary, hedeavor. his he often galloped boy, normal at eight A

felt practically educated "and intent The material things of life are of less years, the countryside, horse over on importance to him than service to men, when I finished at fourteen,"he said, Halloween mischief or raced a horseand he has declined more remunerative and smiled as he remembered his boydrawn surrey with a neighbor's along offers because he felt he would not be hood reactions. country lanes to a nearby village dance.

of as much benefit to so many people. When his father answered a call to (Continued on page 635)

OCTOBER, 1943 593 ia

COAST GUARDSMEN OF THE RESCUE PARTY UNDER THEIR ROUGH A SIGNAL MADE BY THE RESCUE PARTY AFTER SURVIVORS HAD BEEN

SHELTER. WIND HAS WHIPPED THE SNOW SOLIDLY INTO THE TREE FOUND. THE DEEP SNOW THREATENED HAZARDOUS DELAY IN

TRUNK, RIGHT. RESCUE OPERATIONS.

C AtlaMan R L b CU

|he plane was losing altitude. who boarded the plane for a routine utes to six everyone aboard felt that

Through rifts in the clouds, icy flight to Anchorage, Alaska. trouble was imminent. One motor quit.

peaks of snowcapped mountains Being rather friendly by nature I From then on it wasn't a question of could be seen as they swirled past. had soon become acquainted with the crashing, it was a question of which

It would be only a matter of minutes. other members of the party. There were mountain we were going to hit.

We knew the plane would crash. There Percy Cutting of Hayward, California; For twenty lifelong minutes, the

was no panic. Each member of the Robert Gebo of Seattle; Dewey Metzplane skimmed treetops and peaks, ocparty calmly fastened his life belt dorf of Anchorage, Alaska; Susan Batcasionally visible through the overcast,

securely and prepared for the worst. zer of Idaho Falls, Idaho; the pilot, missing a crash by inches. While waitWhile waiting for the crash to come, Harold Gillam, veteran Alaskan flier. ing for the crash to come, I calmly put

we had an opportunity to consider our The trip was uneventful until we ran on my galoshes. Others did likewise or

predicament. When the plane left Seinto a violent storm about one hour out performed some inconsequential act.

attle at onethirty p.m. that fateful day of Ketchikan, Alaska. Outside it beThere was almost complete silence in

of January 5, there had been no precame almost as black as night. Fighting the group. Each member of the party

monition of disaster. It was just andesperately, the pilot tried heroically was mentally preparing himself for the

other airplane trip to the six passengers to reach safety. However, at ten minend. At sixthirty the crash came. The

plane sheared the tree tops, and

THE BAY AND RIDGE OF MOUNTAINS WHERE THE FINAL RESCUE TOOK PLACE. COAST GUARD crashed into the mountain.

CUTTER "McLAIN"CAN BE MADE OUT BY ITS WAKE AS IT SHEARS ITS WAY THROUGH THE ICE

SHOREIN THE OFLONGTHEARMLARGEROF THEBAY.BAY, LEFT. TIPPETS AND CUTTING WERE DISCOVERED ALONG THE XJLJhen I came to, my head was pro-

** truding from a hole in the ah> plane. I don't know how long I had

remained unconscious. My safety belt

had broken and I had been thrown free of the seat. An aluminum window

frame, which had been dislodged by the impact, had been driven directly past where I had been sitting with such speed that it became imbedded in the body of the airplane. Had I remained

in my seat, I would have been killed instantly.

In a semiconscious condition, I thought I was the only one alive. A

feeling of panic seized me for a moment.

However, I soon heard others stirring.

Gasoline fumes warned me of our im-

'Joseph H. Tippets, whose grandfather Tippets

was one of the members of the Mormon Battalion to enter the Salt Lake Valley with the pioneers of '47, was president of the L.D.S. branch in Anchorage for

two years while serving as airways engineer with the

Civil Aeronautics Administration in Alaska. He had

been visiting his mother in Ogden, Utah, and was en route home to Alaska at the time the accident occurred. With his wife, Alta Mahoney Tippets of

Heber City, and son, John, born in Anchorage, he is now living in Santa Barbara, where, among his church activities, he is laboring as a local missionary.

594 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

injuries, but she never once complained.

Her courage in the face of death was an inspiration. She knew she would not

live, but she was conscious and cheerful the whole time. I sat up with her

BEAUTY AND DEATH. THE for two nights and talked to her.

TERRAIN WHERE ALASKAN soldier died days later. two No She AND CRASHED THE PLANE country for his bravely died ever more AGOTHIRTY FOR WHERE

SURVIVNIZING DAYS THE Civilian of the employee than she. An TRAGIC A OFF ORS FOUGHT in line died she Authority, Aeronautics HERE ENDING. SNOW THE

IS PILED EIGHT FEET of DEEP. do. herWedutyplacedas anyherbravebodysoldierin themighttail

end of the airplane and covered it over.

It was the best we could do. under the

circumstances.

HP'he first four days and nights it * rained and snowed constantly. We

couldn't build a fire. Our clothing was

soaked to the skin. All of us were

dressed in everyday business clothes.

We were not prepared for the ArcticJne t stomu ofor a crashn invn northernnorthern wildswvias cold.

After the first shock wore off, we opened the nose of the plane and seable the luggage. Then we were... curedan a of a will to daruiue for them clothes. to change We wore

a day or two until they were so wet we had to throw them away and put on As told by JOSEPH H. TIPPETS* to IRA J. MARKHAM something else. Eventually we had no

more clothing to change into.

I had put my shoes too close to the on, fire them. burned From then and to in, fire. anyone and in a tion Although known ours was peril frommediate I merely shoes. entirely without I was I survive. realized shock, condition fromdazed

in rags. wrapped my feet in locating our group of was necessity one However, nothe immediate

everyone and getting each safely out killed outright. Hitting the trees first The fifth day the snow stopped, but such with sprang and blew up wind so the in our enough speed probably broke hole the the enlarged plane.of We against stand couldn't that force up we instant death. that passaved from helping the were started roofthe and we

it. so badly plane of the cabin was The out. get Miss found tosengers injuries inventory our of showed We An shelter. it for couldn't use smashed we of the in bottom pinnedBatzer down worst. suffered the that Batzer had Miss slight build able to a were However, we for the worked two wreckage. sufferlegs broken, she were Her was We plane. left of the the shelter wing from her. free us trying to urged Shehours skull, ing fractured hand a one and from pilot, fifth the day, Harold the On her. totime leave She again knew and sufpractically amputated. Gebo was to his Gillam, peak nearby a made way also injured. Sheshe badly knew was arm. fered leg Metzdorf broken and a landmarks. recognized thought he and fire all of the in as that danger were all we the collar bone, and broken had a in help. All of search to decided go He gasoline everyleakingfumes were from in. ribs side Cutcaved one were on still in helpless rest us the of a were for that insisted carewhere. She we pilot, Gilinjury. ting a had back The condition. considered must have He her injured other leave the persons and internal injuries suffered lam, from and realized carefully condition our and

there. to continued work However we I pair of shock. hips one a had and bad help that obtained unless soon we was free. finally her gotand leg hurt. as experience a was Boy My It all lost. high required a be would

As an airways engineer of the Civil Scout and my knowledge of First Aid degree of bravery and courage to strike

Aeronautics Administration, I have came in handy as we bound up the out into that Alaskan wilderness alone.

been present at the scene of many airwounds and gave First Aid treatment as He must have realized that his chances plane crashes. 1 can honestly say that best we could under the circumstances. of survival were slim. He risked his

I have never seen a plane in the condiMiss Batzer was suffering from her ( Continued on page 628

WITH TIPPETS AND CUTTING ON BOARD AFTER THEIR MIRACULOUS TIPPETS, FORCED TO USE A CANE FOLLOWING HIS LONG EXPOSURE,

DISCOVERY A FEW HOURS BEFORE, THE COAST GUARD CUTTER HEADS ARRIVES BY AIR!N ANCHORAGE IN A BLIZZARD, MRS. TIPPETS ON

BACK TO GET WITHIN STRIKING DISTANCE OF THE SURVIVORS'CAMP. HIS LEFT. C.A.A. OFFICIALS GAVE A WARM RECEPTION.

:.::.:: ':..;.:::....'-: ":: ': ". ": v::;:

OCTOBER, 1943 595

Prophet Teachers

# of the Lsld Jeitament

Carlyle in his Heroes and Hero By PRESIDENT LEVI EDGAR YOUNG that notes Worship, "calling the of a Of the First Council of the Seventy prophet, of the that God, man, the Man is, who speaks to the people of God, has penetrated into the secret of the sacred mystery of the Universe, The prophet is the revealor of what we are to do."

Throughout the ages, the truths of religion have become closely identified with the thoughts and habits of mankind. Religion in the most intelligent use of the term confesses the

divine relationship between man and his

God. It is more than knowledge and

obedience, for its home is in the deepest nature of man, where, in its allegiance to truth and its devotion to right, it governs life.

The religious principles of ancient

Israel brought about the highest system of ethical life which to this day remains the most vital to human conduct. The

elements of the Israelitish character idealized were the homely virtues of a rustic people: industry, frugality,

chastity, uprightness; and then the

hardier virtues, like bravery, and a fortitude that can endure all except defeat.

Finally, the people to whom God spoke in the days of Abraham, Moses, and the ages after them learned a deepseated piety, obedience to the declarations of the Lord their God, and their perfect—Photograph bg UnderwoodStratton

revelationstrust in the of made him who BIBLE GUTENBERG THE stitutions to man, developed was knownthe created world Superbly and man.

in at least 4,000 years B.C. Babylon and rise Israel todid of the knowledge the Chaldea. fine woods, brought which about a comlivingtrue and God.

mercial relationship the with outside history of Israel The early shows a Early Civilization world. of Caravans Babylonianpeople for aspiration with the a righteous social order, and an ultimate uni- "D abylon was one of the greatest emmerchants, passing through the Mesocities led to potamian them the MediterIts piresfication times. territory of ancient ideals,"of mankind. these "Of ranean coast the Nile River. and They located plainssays Israel Zangwill, "the created on the was race of Abraby

developed phonetic writing, a system of still Tigris originally rivers. the conceived Euphrates conandham and The

the as cuneiform system, known and itselfceives Persian the divine lay south, to to the for north Gulf be and medium soil clay tables from the they shaped on of the Assyria. empire of characteris-a the knowledge God. west was The To

steel which, with pens, they commemotics desert, the inare the of Arabian people was to always made known rated public events and wrote down tribes.us habited quality the the of very people nomadic by language by The private in his memoranda. Dinsmorein civilizathe scriptures established holy of high writwhich Babylon were a

Bible English Literature says As tion, citiesten."for the they their history, beautiful of and At had dawn

their thoughts were majestic and yet gardens and roads and bridges. To put In the Euphrates valley cuneiform writing

simple, expressed in a "language simple themselves beyond the reach of floods, was in vogue four thousand years before and rugged in its structure, dramatic in they built their cities on artificial esChrist. The baked clay tablets of Mesoits vocabulary, and concrete in its excarpments. They constructed their potamia were an excellent medium for prethe data and records of innumerpression the spiritual houses of of brick, even temples and and most the servingable transactions, lists business laws, of irrigationthings,"is remains the canals of of their comment Dr. Wheeler may in kings, facts their reigns. accruing andRobinson of Oxford University. We be seen to this day. Babylon was the These were collected in huge libraries. The

keep in mind that the Hebrew race lived original habitat of barley, wheat, millet; materials of history were here in abundance,

upon the deserts and finally moved into and of sesame, from which they made yet no Babylonian composed history until

Palestine and Egypt. The people beedible oil. Many kinds of vines were the third century when Berosus, a priest,

came agriculturists, and an old Persian raised for wine and raisins. The onion wrote the history of his native land....

lists scribes careful the of sucThe made says: nativeproverb that eastof corn, and cucumber sows were "He who

cession of rules, of codes and laws were land. righteousness."deserts of the ern beginning at the peoplesows Out The

is scrupulously treasured. true same The

truths history of their the great of religion cathorses, mules,have come had Assyria. of

and the building of temples and synatle, sheep, goats, pigs, and dogs; and

gogues. Irrigation, one of the oldest inthey imported gold, silver, copper, and Deeds of land were written on tablets,

596 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

and a tablet of the earliest times shows "Be strong, fear not: behold, your God will An Exalted Code of Conduct

the wages of women who were engaged come with vengeance, even God with a will imrighteousness 'TPeachings of you."save and he were comein at constructing the a a recompense; head of dam A shall blind of the opened, eyes the be Then Israel. shalt parted to have "Thou canal.large time the of NebuchadAt unstopped. shall the the ears of deaf be and other before no me."gods "Remember largenezzar, the canal connected a hart, shall leap as the an and lame Then the it holy."to keep Sabbath day The Tigris with River, theEuphrates and sing: in the the the of For tongue dumb

set for the Sabbath apart day wasthe of valley shall out, break one wilderness and Mesopotamia became waters of the most fertile countries of ancient streams in the desert. "quieting of the heart."The spiritual

days. And the parched ground shall become a value of such books as Leviticus, for

pool, and the thirsty land springs of water: example, is the motive presented for

The children of Israel made of PalesIn the habitation of dragons, where each right human action. Man is to be gentine "a land of wheat and the vine."lay, shall be grass with reeds and rushes. erous to the poor; is not to steal or lie.

When their crops failed, Israel turned (Isaiah 35:1-7.) Man must not oppress the hireling, nor

to as the "giver of rain and their God deaf, curse the blind to the nor cause in the see can on the frescoes Wesunshine harvest,"the blessed and things stumble. contrary are Such the Pharaohs, of dams enclosing and tombswe have the prophet Joel admonishing basins, "just as they are built today, the very nature of God. The magnifito

the people: says Emil Ludwig, 'and it can be concent code of action as given in Leviticus in the humaneness demands name stateinscriptions cluded what from by then, rechildren of Zion, Be glad ye and of the be High must God. Most "Man fixed after the of lapse craft the water,joice the in hath Lord your God: for he

his into like bring actions must he God; basin periods, from one conveyed rain was thegiven former moderately, and you

with Order."the Eternal Thiswill rain, the cause to the harmony into come another."down for you how know We

the for rain, book is a rain the latter in thethe former of Wisdom"and "Word cisterns four shepherds and dug wells first month. (Joel 2:23.) thousand years ago and how the farmer day in which it was written and though

prepared the land for the seed, and many of the old laws are obsolete, yet its life principles of should be superb is floors. threshing the an There made Israelites their planting and hadThe little is today. us binding upon There inwith near aqueduct an Jerusalem A like songs, harvest and the Navajo historical narrative in book, the and it written King Hezekiah on by allIndians, gifts they ascribed the of scription it lacking, events are gives but us a rePalestine has B.C. been about 700 tonature merciful a loving and God. ethics, priceless the consystem of and thirsty land,"ferred as to dry "a and Isaiah describes the glory prophetThe is his alone of secration sons and Aaron of melting the yet Lebanon, snows and theof land: redeeming truth. an inspiring well other as as Carmel, and Mermon,

The wilderness and the solitary place heights sink into the ground and come The religious interest of the Pentashall be glad for them; and the desert shall forth again as springs of water. Wells teuch culminates with the Book of

rejoice, and blossom as the rose. It shall became the center of community life, Deuteronomy, which is followed by the

blossom abundantly, and rejoice even with supplying water for household purposes historical books of Joshua, Judges, I and singing:joy glory of and Lebanon The I II II Kings. for herds. flocks Ruth, and the Samuel, as well as and and

it,shall given of unto the excellency be and of history at the the continue well Abrabooks These when Rebekah was shall they Sharon, theCarmel glory see and to the Israel to her of the servant death chose be Isaac's from ham's Moses theof the excellency Lord, of our and God.

Strengthen ye the weak hands and conwife. The wells of those ancient days downfall of Jerusalem and Judah in 585

firm the feeble knees. played a great part in the social life of B.C., when Nebuchadnezzar the BabySay to them that are of a fearful heart, the people. lonian king conquered the Holy Land

in the early part of the sixth century

B.C. During this period we have such

characters as Samuel the prophet, Saul,

David, Ruth, and the prophet Amos, m tuu first his prophecies to write began who imi PHOTOGRAPHOF A It that there and life. was left was then LEAF

FROM THE to the world the real meaning of the

GUTENBERG BIBLE word "prophet."

mediators between Prophets were tmmilu ft &is i ram psfctt its sanc- m<vKjfk tmffl his people. and The sole m&s f|Sife i8tw* iia#k&tmmmmm Jehovah

tion of their office was to teach through the inspiration of their God. The man

whose mind is humble, whose erring heart will turn to righteousness, whose sins are followed by selfabasement and repentance, will find renewed spiritual strength.

It is generally agreed that the word "prophet"means one who announces or "foretells.""His message always

had to do with the nation and with

Jehovah, the nation's God and protector."He was the herald of national

unity and religion, and in them the people placed their deepest faith. In the

tenth chapter of Samuel, we infer that prophets were prganized into groups or schools and were what we would term today "missionaries."They went from

town to town proclaiming their message of faith in the living God. We have no

Photograph information of their modes of life or by Underwood S meansered aroundof support,some butleaderthey orwereteacher,gathUnderwood "and bore to Samuel the same relation as Wycliffe's preachers bore to Wycliffe himself."The Israelitish prophets

(Continued on page 632) OCTOBER, 1943 597 Pioneer Diary Part VIII Sunday, June 27. I have been very call into br. Noble's with me—sis.

last [oblej receives the bed the rode on N 2 days—sis. 1847 sick,

, sis. Sess [ions] call'd at the Lucina Hunter Leonard came & sis. giftcarriage—hadof tongues

of said she pow'r a been had good God rested time—she Tuesday, June sis. I call'd disease rebuk'd, since [ions] Sess was & I better 6

traveling 5 6 her. the of High. Trav. 8 ms. on 6 abreast—we22. The Campfollowmov'd,up ontopraisedtheme—mywagon—thethe name Most

the at near night encamp crossing the Platte—6 cross'd the stream wagons it, The Thursday, July 1. We

travel'dhaving 14 or perhaps 15 ms. thro'is br. Platte, the call'd or rather eve Lawson, what Loup the day—Inare delightful. country roadThe & the to cross'd Fork; place T[aylor]'s our sis. Tfaylor] &c came com. J[ohn] & Wednesday, June 23. We go 2

abreast. Capt. Smoot's com. stops for

the night by a small stream, a mile or so in our rear, we a \A m. in John Taylor's rear 6 Parley P. Pratt 5 ms. in

advancelightful—aof shortus. grassOur placewhichisisverya sweetdetreat for the herd, overspreads an extensive plain, the river forming almost

a half circle, while rich clusters of trees are to be seen in every direction.

Thursday, June 24. Capt. [Jedediah

M.] Grant's com. start at 7. Pass'd

J[ohn] T[aylor]'s com. who rode past

us on horseback & order'd Jfedediah

M.] Grant to stop. Prest. J[ohn

to driveYoung told him T[aylor] came back told ouron—J[ohncaptains &

ofrebellion—hetens to stop,soonfor theirpassedleadersus againwere onin

his way to Parley's camp. We travel'd

10 ms. stop'd at half past one in the rear

of P[arley's]. in meeting A the eve1matters adjusted feeling. with good

ARTJST JACKSON'S WILLIAM HENRY—-travel'dFriday, Junetwelve25. ms.Meetingin 2 filesin theas mor.yeswe had another refreshing from the TION OF COMPANY'S A PIONEER ENCAMPMENTterday—the wind & dust almost inLord—Praise Him, all ye Saints. NEAR CHIMNEY ROCK DEPICtolerable. Reproduced America, from Westward Monday,

courtesy R. Driggs Howard

crossing the Saturday, June 26. Traveled upin JuneCreek—rumor'd28. Our time delay'dthat a—

wards of 20 ms., 2 abreast, cross the war party of Indfians] are gather 'd

LookingGlass creek—encamp on broke 2 wagontongues in our Ten. first, Jjedediah M.] G[rant]'s follow'd

Indian O. Smoot's 2 corn- & [Daniel] & [Abraham] comfpany] cross over Cross'dBeaver—one

Parley's Spencer's,rains at night. fields, some we left, habitationsCreek—passed& overtake & when

xWe miles westartedwere overtakenat 8:30 a.m.by BrotherAfter Taylortravelingon 2 horseor 3 eve—-someJ[ohn] T[aylor's]of the inhabitantsdivision latevisitin theus, about[P. Pratt]5 ms. was& encamp'dcrossing.withoutWe woodwent

back. stated that Bro. He Grant John and M. is one water, with 3 ms. or Tfaylor] appointed J[ohn] to aid the man who

to refused hadYoung ordersJ. obey of out and were

in front. Ind[ians] Br. P[ratt] building is somewhat in our barracks,their place, 6c. being that the 3rd got had hundred before

him, which was to concluded stop 2nd. We at the Trav[eled] about 7 ms. afflicted with sore eyes.first convenient place and have the matter settled.

29, Tuesday, travelingAfter 8 Pass'd the miles, June at stopped Pawnee a watergood we the 2. Start'd forward, Friday, July

ing place. officers The the of and whole men camp town, entirely seem'd which deserted rolling. prairie only very ascend calledwere together. Bro. his Taylor entered We complaint the against Bros. variegated Young after Grant, more is much and a and another, in sight of to ridge come one

great deal said brethren, by Pratt Bro. us gave a than is quite rolling now till o'clock, gradual 2 about a when lecturegood scenerybefore—it and reproved Bros. and Grant Young

saidand they did, all and was Charles Rich.) C. shouldright.—ask Journalhis forgiveness,History which(Journaltheyof cross'dof the aIndiansandy settlement—travel'dbottom'd stream in sight16 trees,descentwhichgave skirtus a theviewriverof thebeforetops us.of

ms., encamp'd in front of several wigThe teams begin to fail for want of

wams. T[aylor] before J[ohn] us reviving show'r heavy very & water—a P[arley P. Pratt] behind. to turns our road mud, sandy them & NOTE 30. cool June Wednesday, day The time. of the abreast travel'd 6 some this second of group Pioneers of Tn Pratt's] ten P. take Pfarley leads our ms. 16 Neff Capt. Trav.—Capt. * 1847 there perwere 1500 about of G[rant]'s lead J[edediah M.] Com. sons, men, children, travand women

start after we Pareling in h[undre]d—soonthe fine, 3. about 570 wagons. Saturday, At one day The July

ley's] other the com[panies] come & time traveling they towhen were late travel'd m[iles], 14 on & is T[aylor] moving on file, gether plains, the on in in in double in of stream the a view sight—J[ohn] encampPlatte—cross'd their several in line are prairie extensive companies, the thus an on front—we in In the the stream a formed reached distance of a seven little the with shrubbery can be camp & into 4 aftfernoon] go miles. mor[ning].abreast—come 2 at view'd presents a which very trail Pioneers. of Bro. the the Russel signal for starting in the The mornthe imposing of pleasure sight—hadonce, finds to ing given a bucket he which had ringing given was the by Nauvoo in seeing antelope running of a herd bell. bell in Temple the The K[imball]. was H[eber] C.

direction. about Stop'd one lead line of one in every cannon and the Sunday, July 4. Rains in forenoon o'clock of a stream by the side the lead of the other. & near they At times

three 160 miles within about women) who were now traveled—Journalin five linesHistory,abreast.June, 1847 itsward—thinksmouth. Pfarleybest toP. crossPratt]theridesPlatte.forri aBrigham Young's advance group of 143 (including Valley. the In the diary "the Pioneers"Salt Lake

Sis. Chase, Peirce, Hendricks, Gc usually refers to this advance company.

598 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.,

(L>llza f\.—Jr.now

meeting in the aft. Martha [Howd], we encamp on the bank of the Platte,

Lo[u]isa [Levette], & Edith [Peirce] with the timber all on the opposite side come to the wagon to me—L[ouisa] &—br. A. O. Smoot where we stop'd

Efdith] receive the gift of tongues. at noon & P[ratt] & Tfaylor] in sight

Sis. Taylor, Hunter, Smoot call in the several ms. in front.

a eve. I breakfasted on antelope—quite Monday, July 5. Travel 12 ms. P[artreat—trav. 15 ms.

ley P. Pratt] takes the lead of the secWednesday, July 7. Capt. P[ratt] BULLETIN OF THE PLAINS

postoffices trail skulls as markers and served Buffalo ond pictured pioneers. of Here to companies succeeding

dred. position, is in reverse often correctly, shown the head Division.We crossMillerthe streamleads inin theour morhunleadstold toourleave50.theAfterbeatenstartingtracks weand wereeach

with hard ridto read inscription was invariably made the but 50 break made a new place, making a fording each 50 & we one—it

head the as serving to keep a base horns down, to the felt like submitting ing yet I for me, enter where upon Grand we Island & is a fiction actually here upright. The inscription

that didn't travel this day, nor did Brigham "the pow'rs at night. on board is found encamp A

the signature. Young make tho'the roads were written, Pioneers comwhich the had be"unoccupied—after&> endure it, al-—pioneers

soul! C. Rich was guard [inter] Quarters. putingW the distance 217 ms. from our nooning we came where br. Chas. a broken having Tuesday, July 6. Our Com[pany] 2 wagons—we& baiting [feeding],pass'd time.Trav.Praise12 ms.theTheLord,prairieO presentsmy

start at about 8 o'clock, after forming them, but perhaps an hour after br. beautiful appearance, resembling the

on the trail, stop until P[arley P. Pratt] [Asahel A.] Lathrop came up, telling br. tame meadows where redtop is cultivated. that Rich demanded Chas. C. P[ratt] in the rear T[aylor passes—J[ohn] after Saturday, July 10. Soon after starttook noon roads which we at we stop to water noon the & bait feed]

of Parley P. Pratt the tracks ing cross the said P[ratt] had not command fifty br. after on, our move we—awhile

it comjpanies]. The Taylor's authority, and proper from John to him come said to was stop'd, be thro'J[ohn]

Platte early on the encamp instead of whole camp from [Jed. M.] Grant T[aylor]'s Asahel Labeing A. orders—br. in width about is judg'd of which the capt[ain] [Capt. Noble, a m file] Jos. B.] went to leads today J[edthrop who

is a bufediah M.] G[rant] to know what to our 50, and we went on—encamp'd a—no timber on this side—this

do, as J[ohn] Tfaylor] demanded the mile from the river, trav. 14 ms.—Sis. falo country. Trav[eled] 8 m[ile]s.

roads, Jfedediah M.] G[rant] said he Wiler sent me a bush with tomatoes, Sunday, July 11. A public meeting at

would as soon give the roads as not, if also a flower resembling the Geranium 1 o'clock. Sister Sessfions], Leonmyself J[ohn] T[aylor]'s teams would give us—the prickly pear is common. [ard], Thorn [pson], Peirce &

room to go out, but as they were on Thursday, July 8. Started 10 m[inmeet in Father C[hase|'s wagon at 4

his spirit our right & a slough on our left, it was utes] after 8—cross'd a ravine—Br. o'clock. The Lord pour d out P[ratt]'s & T[aylor]'s comfpanies]—Sis. Holmes call'd to see me in the eve

are tongues. gift in of the is river, their to the course 6 spoke bend which PIONEER JOURNEY THE

[inter] ms. 180 be said to left. their far to roads cross our We from WWe on the are those Dates of the comadvance map

kill'd buffalo. 8 Supped on Quarters. under route pany Brigham is the same Young, at but the slough. Show'r a near encamp &

followed R. by Eliza and described in the presSnow,; night. Trav. 14 ms. at this stop. Drank well water from of diary. ent instalment her

B[ro]. C.C.Rich's camp.

Monday, July 12. Started late in the

mor[ning] in the rear of P. P. Pratt's

1st 50 & alongside of his 2nd, the

Camp all in sight—the prairie today is

little else than a barren waste where the buffalo seem to roam freely. Encamp at

night on the side of a slope with the river a few rods beyond. Capt. Noble

goes in front since Fr [iday] mor [ning] having got an addition to his team—had

gone in the rear for some time in consequence of losing an ox, the night after crossing Loupe Fork—all goes

well—Trav. 16 m[ile]s.

Tuesday, July 13. Start between 7

& 8, nothing remarkable except the multitude of buffalo paths which lead from the bluff to the river across our way. Capt. [Robert] Pfeirce] leads

our nooning is on a line of lakes or swamps which intercept watering at the not practicable—Perhaps 15 of [John] Friday, July 9.* Capt. Miller broke a river. Capt. N [oble] 's 50 are left in the

Tfaylor] 's wagons had come alongside, wagon crossing a ravine yest. & we do rear at the watering & when we start

start till nearly other not the rest in the were which to are obliged go to the right, noon—the

of sight out told h[undre]ds L[athrop] G[rant] M.] rear—Jfedediahto go on & encamp [approves]. approbates on Capt. Gfrant]

& he went on himself with the other 50. the Platte. Had meeting in br. [James] Capt. S. frets, &c. Pfratt] s 1st 50 in

of his daughters fall in our 2nd wagon—2 rear—we our front—his

to Katherine] & occasions Bfrigham into some his tracks which J[ohn]stop—atT[aylor]lengthcamethe up250& order'dhalted tillus Hendricks'[Elizabeth and we overtook them—in the meantime H.] Young's wife fCedonia] speak trouble but all is adjusted by Capt.

J[ohn] Tfaylor] 's wagons crowd with the gift of tongues for the first G [rant] who acts as Pioneer [leader] into our path—we all stop'd for his sPresident Brigham Young, leading the advance Trav. 14 ms. & encfamp] on the river

pass, to com[pany] except 5 within almost reached company, had Canyon, Echo wagons buffalos in wolves. the rear of P. & Saw

the of Salt the Valley, while main Lake body that our pass'd waited till Com. by or 14. night Last Wednesday, July the them viewof pioneers Island, near than were more Grand

for the nearest point of timber, where 700 miles back. (Continued on page 626)

OCTOBER, 1943 599 MEN OF RON By JAMES P. SHARP;#":&!*,.

HI

swung their arms to restore their circulation. A lone soldier returning from

the mess tent stopped to watch and then began to throw insulting remarks at attention. Others paid them. no They call papers for the to get ready and the referred often to pioneers the ten. until there were stopped Then leaving. before nineThe the with as one year 1857 first to plenty one, back seeing he had the It two midmorning when was three winter hard and months close quite him, an and walked up made sealed envelopes, with two rode away fall. in entry late Churchmonths An insulting Brigham about Young. remark for other the Alexander, for Major one reads:Chronology lifted high him, seized him above Joseph in Wells, was H. Daniel General who

ani- 6. into Five others, the hundred Friday, his head, threw November him and in Militia the Echo of Utah charge starvation cold and perished frommals five of four or down. knocking them Canyon. Fork. Black's S. onaround U. army camp fight off to squared ready men two The rode. they Emigration Canyon Up

if necessary, entire that at the but army, that year Brigham in October Late Big Little up and Mountain over Then their the orderly appeared with moment ofhis in forth and back pacedYoung deep, the was snow where Mountain, their answer, were soon on and they ridefice. one to some had to find He a gale. They wind was blowing and the

their in with a feeling return journey fifteen hundred Bridger, oneto Fort abiltheir their horses for selected had miles to the east, with a message to ity to wallow snow instead of for looks hearts that now they could fight those conscience. soldiers with a clear How in charge Alexander, wasMajor who they set when had speed. or The sun

differently they it might have been had time. at that Hisof Johnston's Army (East Canyon), Fork reached Ogden's

trusted messenger, Porter Rockwell,was and it was dark when they arrived at been given a bowl of warm bean soup.

away on other business. Whom could the Weber River. Slowly they plodded Two a.m. and back at the camp in

he send that would be reliable? He on until they reached the camp in Echo Echo Canyon. The general was waiting

needed some one that was not afraid Canyon, where they presented their and had supper ready to serve them.

of cold, deep snow, and the rebuffs that letter to General Wells, who read it, After the meal was over, they insisted would be met at the camp of the enemy. ordered supper for them and beds made on having their horses brought out and

He had to send some one, for officers in his tent. But they explained to him saddled. The general objected, but

Taylor and Stowell, of the Utah Milthe urgency of their mission, and he they won out and were soon riding itia, were prisoners at that post. Sudordered two fresh horses saddled for down Weber River.

denly he stopped walking and called to them. By the time they had eaten their Shortly after noon two tired horses,

a man in an outer office, "Get me Adam supper the horses were saddled. They and two very tired, cold men rode out

and Joseph Sharp immediately."mounted and rode on. of the mouth of Emigration Canyon and

Adam and Joseph were Mormon The canyon breeze was terrible to up to where Brigham had his office.

converts who had come from Scotland face as it cut unprotected parts like a They were shown in. There Brigham

some years before. They were hardy sharp knife. Morning found them on sat, deep in thought. Presently he saidmen who had worked in the coal mines the Bear River, where they stopped a rather gruffly—"Well, what's the exin their native land and in the rock short time to let their horses pick at the cuse? Too much snow or too cold?"

quarries since their arrival. He knew dry grass along the bottomlands. Slowly Adam, with fingers still numb

he could trust these sturdy men to go When possibly one mile from the with cold, undid his windbreaker and through the deep snow and face the Fort, they distinctly heard the bugler brought forth the answer. Brigham

almost unbearable cold. sound the mess call. The sentry stopped looked at it, started to tear it open, but

them and called a soldier to escort them dropped it on the table before him. His

VS7HEN they arrived, he told them to headquarters. When they arrived, eyes were rather dim, and his voice

y * what he wanted done and asked an orderly took their message and left was trembling when he finally said, when they could be ready to leave. them sitting on their horses out in the "Forgive me, brethren. I was too eager

They answered as soon as they could cold wind. They dismounted, removed to take snap judgment on you. How

saddle their animals. He told them to their buckskin windbreakers, and {Concluded on page 615)

600 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA OUR COMMUNICATIVE BEHAVIOR By EARL J. GLADE

Threefourths of all the time we read such a document, to be sure, but spend each day in communicating not so many of the average folk at with our fellow human beings is home. Today there is a change. Paradevoted to listening and to talking. Onedoxical as it may seem, it is reported

fourth of the time spent by us each day, that people will read an address of this in this interchange of thoughts and character more avidly now than ever, opinions with our associates, is devoted not only for its content, but also largely to reading and writing. Obviously, to check their hearing of it by radio,

great social movements have a marked and moreover, to observe the display bearing on these percentages. The war, and editorial dress given it by the newsfor instance, has stepped up letter writpaper editors. People thus have an oping appreciably. portunity to measure their judgment of

In a study made by Dr. Paul T. Ranits significant phases with that of the

kin of "Listening Ability,"he kept a experts.

record of how much a large group of Listening, therefore, is actually stimadults wrote, read, talked, and listened ulating reading! The printed word that

each day. His study shows the followsometimes may formerly have seemed

ing averages: writing 9%, reading dull, now apparently takes on the live16%, talking 30%, and listening 45% liest interest.

of the individual's time devoted to comThe late Alexander Woollcott, for munication. The average for the couninstance, gave us a glimpse into Good'

try as a whole undoubtedly would be bye, the Chips, over Mr. network, long life can in your days own many How to these figures.comparable before picture the produced, was a heard recall not have you when and you

the sales the of that of growth skyrocketed. broadcasting, With book not friend's have or voice when you

there of listeners has been a constant to in Thousands increase want to must have someone? read spoken They

listening. Interest for themselves L. Richard Evans'in news and in its livdays! drab been sad, Our modern

interpretation has gone vigorously for- "Spoken Word,"as delivered during ing is built on human communication, a ward. People are learning to "attend"the CBSSalt Lake Tabernacle Choir large share of which is the voiceear

to the spoken word as never before. and Organ broadcast, and they write contact.

They are hearing language that is clear him constantly about it. And there are The incredible career of Helen Kelarticulate. ofand other impressive results examples. the One of of scores In ler, could girlhood young from who

this is increased the spite of attention continuous broadcasting of accurate more a speak, hear, or not see, shows what listening and, naturally, more careful news, newspaper circulations are albrilliant soul will do to satisfy the irspeaking. Another is the building up of most daily reaching new peaks. Only repressible urge for expression.

a definite sensitivity toward the spoken the shortage of newsprint and labor has She made certain parts of her body word, the accuracy of its use in pronuninterfered with this upward climb. that were never intended by nature to

ciation and in definition, and toward Book sales, also, are smashing records. hear, learn to respond to voice vibrathe quality of the listening which it retions. Over physical handicaps that ceives. We Learn to Listen and Talk First most men would declare utterly insuperbuilt able, a this remarkable has woman just beginning to appreciate Listening Stimulates Reading "\TS7e are the prothat has vocabulary speaking that people are naturally earof foundest admiration a wondering Years ago, relatively few Americans minded. listen learn to and to talk We in is, indeed, world. communion She actually through waded an extended learn read. to Instructions before we

with the spheres! printed address—even though it were were given us as children first by word

an utterance of the president of the of mouth. voice the ear and The have The Voice a Persuader States. United Certain vital government played roles in most our educaleaders, editors, scholars, and lawyers tion. Tn the fields of business, social, and

* religious affairs, there is no more powerful factor to induce action than the human voice. It employs the most

natural, friendly, sincere, persuasive, and effective means of communication.

Scientists have demonstrated this fact

Earl J. Glade, vicepresident of KSL, in Utah, and for the past three years, chairman incontrovertibly, and this is also the

Salt Lake City, has just completed four of the Salt Lake City boards of selective practical experience of churchmen, eduyears of service on the code committee of service. He is a regent of the University cators, and tradesmen.

the National Association of Broadcasters, of Utah. In an exhaustive study, Dr. Henry

of the last successful two chairman. which he was The Sunset He ConSymphony clearly that the people found Wick De

to recently certs last held represent that the was chosen asin the two summers Unitested better longer and remembered sociation versity as of a of member under stadium Utah the Peabody Glade's Mr. heard. they its in Foundation chairmanship, Radio committee at Awards of each of what which upwards

annual prize awards for extraordinary four thousand soldiers were present as The famous Harvard study of Cantbroadcast programs. guests, are a somewhat typical expression rill and Allport made in 1935 showed

He is active in public relations work, beof his active interest in community enthe superiority of the voiceear avenue ing president of the United War Fund of deavor. (Continued on page 627)

OCTOBER, 1943 601 W@KID

JONAS

after the Pearl Harbor. himself to others, young Did when its'verted civilization from with

to colors flock sufthe sacrifice the nation and events men ofWESTERNbrilliant peacedemanded array of time institutions, churches, fering, he found that, instead of the in defense of democracy? Had they

schools, service clubs, philanthropic reality of faith in an idea, "Like lost faith in the nation, in decities, over the world a there hangs possibly all idealpromoting——groups, foundations, and institutes smoke and petrol fumes over the mocracy, in themselves? 8 '"pHOSE who have been in associawords."hazeof empty indicted young manstood when a

tion the military of with boys his place torecently awakened was this of result development a As inage, with faced young men who life, life, great to to ain a purposeful sec- a frequently became democracy draft, will duction remember by of the expectation at chieflycause, ular doctrine had on occasion and their reactions. enof some Many said, him. over bursting Hebombs its of spiritual lost foundations the political listed for for or the reasonsin part: in times, origins. at and Democracy preferential of securing purpose

world, of parts the various seemed is than something surely Patriotism more treatment. to enlisted evade Many allegiance. of the its pledge Christian verbatim toknowing deny origins—the at slacker the the present stigma of get feeling It's that the you when you... its of the acceptance religion with after the to time able to be say and to are about that planes San bombhear Jap sufferproduct of Testament, a Old if that could feel you for andFrancisco you run poperhaps war, they when

faith. the "demmoment, ing and At give them and up get you'd plane gojust a litical "I office, volunteered."Many

..... It's faith. call for medicine. their apologists ocratic taste ofa own their everything within did power decided about feeling of that hasthat kind effort, will, vision for but and and service. military to escape Many time the service active for when to applyme inapathetic remain and the people

all If I die in others, succeeding being get deonly...comes. killed—well—we different."* found youth who The for to die get of us few and verysometime, effort to ferred every making and

I will if I of conflict center get in the through his cause doa cause. And their spot, facing inducbut the experience of and world hadhave a in a nutshell when choose put the problem tion costin a to turned months, few try in that men's times that perhapsfeeling he added:. -1 bitter. test. I escapes, the ly them stood and amongsouls had

In not too many weeks I'm to be an army wine and women. The problem for

myself with it honest I'm is inofficer, but for the when fortunate Perhaps in the faced death uniform man who

I've training that throughout I confess my his that countrydividual he can and his dissimilar reaction not and bewas instructor, not in an becoming had mind it indictmentfind but a cause, is an today, I I especially much was good thought be cause would the same—fun find failed that civilization toof he that I thought instructor, because but an as the impact death tomorrow. Under

find in I could job safest the be for die would mythis cause which he would total moral values of and war social... is it the me, seems business. There, hostilities. of the outbreakbefore crept virtues Corruption gave way. trouble. an are the of essence whole toWe of individuals nations hadWhole in in; disintegration the moral began to trying are of people entire nation who

drifted from a purposeful life, from wage a war and everyone is trying, himself, fibre and social fabric of the nation.

the moral direction pointed by to keep out of the hot seat....6 Was all this necessary? What is the

tradition and teaching. It is alanswer?

His words trite at the that to suggestmost question the necessity now of a great many at a time of crisis,point demandbut, everyone the war, describedboys—andthe attitudeolder of Fewfightinging the greatest effort, there was persons, parents—both before and may question the necessity of despiritual 209 Energy, Hbid,. p. vacuum.only exist that in a stroying the values

Jonas, Mexico *Frank H. New replacedspeed, and externalism strongly too already not Quarterly, Vol. XI world 4. p. 490 No. 1941), (November

meditation. Material values sup- "Time, op. cit., p. 49 fortified with spirituality, not too

planted spiritual gifts. Man gained well supplied with leaders of great

control over material nature, but faith. Michels aptly said that, "We

it lost nature, overhe hishuman it as an established hishimself. In hour of need, when races, legal systems, over Dr.professorFrank ofH. governmentJonas is assistantat the maytoricalregardlaw that

he wanted the assurance of faith in Universitythoughtful article,of NewrepresentingMexico. Hishis institutions, and social classes are

himself, when his attention was diviews, is one of several which will apinevitably doomed to destruction "iTtme, Vol. XXXIX. No. 14 (April 6, 1942). pp. pear on leading issues of the day by from the moment they or those who

4950 other competent observers. represent them have lost faith in 2Jan Huizinga, In the Shadow of Tomorrow, (N. Y.,

Norton. 1936). pp. 3951 (Continued on page 623)

602 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THE LITTLE THEATER MOVEMENT Theyangle. studyDesigning,productionmaking,frompainting,every

of the Lhufch and setting up of the scenery are an imBy Joseph /. Cannon portant phase. Costumes, lighting, and

First Assistant General Superintendent, "good theater,"in other words. While makeup are alsogiven close consideraYM.M.LA. they are not always chosen for their tion and study. The members take their

teachings, good lessons are frequently time with the play so that there is noth- |ince 19291929 anan interestinginteresting andand useiuluseful found in them. ing hurried at the last in the way ofSince volumevolume publishedpublished annuallyannually inin UtahUtah Full advantage is, of course, not learning parts. All this is done in close

hashas createdcreated forfor itselfitself aa uniaueunique taken f tne opportunity this book and cooperation with the ward in which place in American art. It is perhaps the situation offer, but with some 23,000 most of them live.

only one of its kind in the world, and persons participating each year, they A fine practice exists in this group of deserves recognition in the development are having a definite influence. Great inviting "guest artists"to take leading

of drama in America. It is the M.I.A. credit should go to the drama commitparts. This brings in better trained

Book o/ Plays. tee of the M.I.A. general boards for people who enjoy the experience, and

although they to the not belong do their in selecting editing the and work six onecontains present volume The it direction group, take with and plays, work particularly Field to Secreand threeactact dramas. plays and two for their the time being. Naturally initiating for the tary Robinson O. W. is local playwrights; the written byOne talent influences greater others the and it idea actually carrying and throughrest the national obtained are through artistic to encourages them work. more the leadership of under Superintendent represent the that orplayhouses own idea well an Such might employed be rt A1 President, that plays thousands ofownership of SPith e,r9e in If of the church. the wards they do the over Ruth jfFoX Prided h MaY inin tWrinftthis *PruTn1successful nfhorother and provednmvhavebW talent for not of the have needed some at organizations time. 'thatcountries. the plays, the directors the into could go of royalties plan paying This blanket

The unique feature is that a blanket has begun to spread among other groups stake or beyond, and invite in others of royalty has been paid for the use of in America. It will give great stimulamore experience. This would heighten

these plays for the period of one year tion to the little theater movement, the value of the play as entertainment, from September first to August thirtywhich is so important to the dramatic give opportunity to gifted people to

Saint Latterday afirst. Wherever the art, and set better standards little art thepractice of the country. Our own

it is set up, putMutual may legally for the others. ater in taking place about a thouwork,

royalty twelve monthsthem on for halls, interesting half of than sand recreation Another is the more n9 group is a provision applyingfree. There influence Players. to the Granger adds the inspiration to which have stages, Under

the wards of the church that they,must that makes civilization. of Nathan and Ruth Hale as drama dihave bought a copy of the book to en- { Concluded on page 627

title them to the privilege. Asa result of M.I.A. drama, several

This is a good illustration of the "interesting organizations have grown A tHALLEN&E TO THE CHURCH effort.benefits outcooperative of The class of as Bees, whole ten graduate from Honor A up. to people wished do adYoung who

the in Pleasant qui Stake. rrh Green Ward of the general a M.I.A. boardslay by for together vanced have work come Sister Nettie Clark class all three leader the was

it is true, considerable of money,sum is to be years congratulated leading an is and such on these production. study of and One

to purchase the rights for the year enthe Pickwick Players, the guiding spirit shipoutstandingand cooperationgroup. Itto takeshave aa classgreat asdeallargeof asleaderthis

ables the wards and stakes to save thouof whom is Mrs. Luacine Clark Fox, one to attain the goal of Honor Bees.

girls are outstanding bond an The group and thesands recent In a year of dollars. for the chairman perdrama Y.W.M.I.A. last will friendship was that them made between

threeact of were given 706formances lives. their general these ofthroughout board. For a decade

ley, Left right: Lou to Betty Lucy Mae Wool plays. oneact If the stakesand 918 a close organizapeople young have had Farrell Clark, Sifcox, Pollock, Naleen Nola

the separately,and had acted wards Nielsen, Spencer, Barbara Wright, Dorothy of plays. Shafer,Leta tion and produced a number

royalties would have cost them approxiBeverly Johnson, and Alice Johnson.

mately $25,000. As it was, about a

thousand units purchased and used the

Book of Plays at $2.50 per copy, so that

their entire cost was only ten percent of that amount.

One of the important results of this plan is that the quality of the dramas has greatly improved. It was a great

temptation to put on plays of the cheaper kind where no royalty was asked.

Even then the number of copies that had to be purchased amounted to approximately what the M.I.A. Book of

Plays costs now. Every play that goes

into the book has been selected for

Latterday Saint audiences and must conform to the standards that have been set up. It is interesting to know that in

one volume two plays of John Drinkwater, the great English writer, were selected.

No effort is made to obtain "highbrow"plays, but they must be worth the time of the people who study, rehearse, and produce them. They must

have entertainment value as well—be

OCTOBER, 1943 603 TOMIN THE NIGHT AND NOW BECAUSE I LOVE

By Pearle R. Casey By Mabel Jones Gabbott By Catherine E. Beery

I lie dishes, for the breakfast left the is not time I love, bed and awake dawn... bravery I must wear BecauseIT

the part years to have Marking and walked work murmurs Unmade, made I bright flung cloak way around As a warm, my own; with you. my heart;

A halfwind moves across the fields, newWe talked of little things, as lovers do, Because I love, no doubt can enter in sown, And spun still dreams, and scuffed the This newfound world of which you are

And sudden tremors in the maple shake leaves, long dead. a part.

The dewdrops down upon the lilac hedge. You stole a nap at noon, and then at night

The barnyard is astir,... a drifting sound You helped me gather in the clothes, and I must keep faith and pride and laughter

Of gusty breathing, slow hoofs milling held too, round... The pins for me. A simple task to weld As gay, bright banners flying from the

A distant fluff of cloud has a ruddy edge. Two lives into a oneness, warm and bright. heights,

And should my heart surrender to weak

I know where first pale beams of sunlight We counted our tomorrows greedily, tears, walk And graphed each day in color in our hearts; I'll keep them for the darkness of the

Across the snowy peaks to rouse the mist And now tomorrow's here, the day that we nights.

questionmarked our and shadowed on Had sleeping valley streams; twist the hiddenOn

I I love, longer Because one, am no charts. linnets talk. where babyOf sweetbriarbush

parcel and But part of your heart, your scuff a sentry's path; a gun; You you hold

life, At home, I wash I feel for a loathingSometimes a moon first are the thought in every and you a breakfast dish for one. And alwaysThat comes round and and up still dream bright,

I that Since have magic wonBehind black mountains to spring crouched name—your SUNSET wife!... night or a

Too white for sleep, and a day that comes By Norma Wcathall too soon. A PRAYER

irridescent that clouds the paint sky These

Feusner By Rutheda toI need vivid red, bright gold, press my way against a line rosy With and strangers, nights grimyOf thronging and haze. this Lord, prayer, humble is my Dear days, jewels the flashed from These ending day for today. Just

feel the clashing of city blurAnd ways strength, more Not real is for thankfulness knowTo what to turn must they before dusk Whyhigh, my better strength I have. to But use how mine gaze? wisdom, more Not

sight. more Nor

You say this glory fades; and yet I know to use better, mind and eyes. Just how

TWILIGHT Thatnight,somewhere, past the secret veil of HelpI ask meThee,today glows—as By Etta Mai Scott TheWithskycolorsstill of my dreams,in theforeverlong agobright! ByThatshowingI must tohaveme more patience.

nPwiLlGHT's like a sweet old lady, I do not ask more faith and love * Nodding gently in a chair; These are attained

Then angels set with tender fingers EVERMORE Through serving.

Stars aquiver in her hair. By Nora Peters

TO MAUD MAY BABCOCK His voice is now the who said to beTHE BOOK SAYS... lightlysummerstrokesbreezeour thatflag. "Literaturecome amustlivingbeforcelivedinandour lovedlives."

By Christie Lund Coles His dreams are shadows By Fay Cornwall Bolin the eyes of one'little says I 'he book are tough in boys its hearts to laughter, your called dad. Open him who -* little girls sweet. are And its your to arms OpenThat pain. boys don their clothes at all, t mind Feel its heroic cadence, His hopes must be

girls neat.But little are in muscle Ringing and brain. our today. deeds

to its yourself suffering, Today and evermore. Humble

It says that little boys will climb Swing with and its rhythmThe highest tree in town, Then led by its wicked and rhyme;cunning

in solicitousWhile concern girl will coax himA down. THREEPOCKET PANTS FeelUntil theits soillyricofmusicits crime;quiets your throbbing

desire, By Alex R. Schmidt

But oh, this little girl of mine And you stand at the gates of heaven, isn't likeJust the his book a boy wears first long pants, Cleansed by its inward fire.

She climbs, she jumps, for all sports to see she runs around WhenAnd

Like the proverbial brook. A watch which tells time at a glance,

And always points to three, EVACUATION dressesShe with a disregard By Elmo L. Walker

He's still a tad though he can lace beingFor neat very

But oh, the book is right in this.., His shoes and fold his clothes, I often wander upward to the haven

She's very, very sweet. And brush his teeth and scrub his face, * Where many times with reverence we

And, need be, blow his nose. stood

To marvel at the face of nature graven

It matters not that he is bold And drink the sylvan beauty of the wood.

In talk of frogs, snakes and AFTER THE STORM in his is brave speech and old I knew not that it was you that brought the And

By Thelma Ireland In plaguing cats and dogs.. beauty

the thunder shower ended, rate They last a left as if they had been called to boy can When at longWhenDragonflies By which the lovely face of nature shone. with he'll wings of pants, jade Threepocket duty & know

Came and darned #ith dainty stitches The dignity of man's estate. No lovely thing is left, now that you're

All the holes the lightning made. A small boy told me so. gone.

604 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA National Recognition resenting a piece of film nineteen miles{CooperativewMRimmsonDigest, national magalong, is now on zine of agricultural cooperation, Tithing Recordsfile at the library.

contentsheads with its September an A clarification originating at the oftributeillustrated article paying to Ezra

Taft Benson, executive secretary of the fice of the presiding bishopric

National Council of Farmer Cooperastates that tithing should be paid in the tives, on his appointment to the counname of the person whose income is cil of the twelve in the church. being tithed. If the husband is the only

"Benson's able work for cooperamember of the family earning money, tives on the Washington front will the tithing should be paid in his name.

make selection of a successor an exIt is unnecessary to add "and wife,"which adds clerical work which could difficult Digest. states the job,"tremely

avoided. at JAMES P. JENSEN GRAHAM H. DOXEY be leaders regret expressCooperative

In cases, while only the hussome leavpossibility Benson's ofthe Elder training force the replacement armored tithing income, the band produces the recallinging the dual and, Washington, at center Fort Kentucky. Knox, is in his half his paid half in and name in civic role church of Smoot and Reed is eighteenyear-old the Preston son wife's the This name. has disadvantage life, like the at to see remain him would P. of the of Elder Los Lyman Redd of the to making be husband appear capital. nation's

board, Angeles Stake and Mrs. Mutual only tithe part a payer. a record Such article emphasized Mormon The Redd. might embarrassing. proveprinciples the of devocooperation and

of Arlington Eileen the Tyler Ward, If is tiththe earner, wife her a wage printo those familytion of the Benson is serving Stake, Angeles Los now ing in should be given paid her own ciples.

with her Red Cross unit somewhere in name. Children should be taught to

East Central States Mission North Africa, after being stationed in pay tithing in their own names.

in England. London, London While of bishop former H. Doxey,Graham

girl Military Information instituted she and another American Stake, Liberty the Third Ward, and recently a member of the Bonneville the first of the "Clubmobiles."They An order from the War Department,

Stake high council was named president are traveling canteens equipped with 7* Military Intelligence Division, reof the East Central States Mission, phonograph and records, stationed at cently received by the first presidency,

August 1 1. He succeeds James P. Jen- a central point, and being sent fifty or requests that the preparation and pubsen, who, with Sister Jensen, has presixty miles each day to isolated camps. lishing of lists of the names, the organsided over the mission since July, 1940. She is now operating Clubmobile units zation, and the geographical locations

They will return to their home in Sandy, in North Africa. Her parents are Mr. of members of the armed forces be disUtah. and Mrs. Rue Tyler. continued on the ground that such disFrom 1919 to 1922 President Doxey Ward Membership Cards tribution of information may present a

Zealand, asserved a missionary in New part rTTHE presiding bishopric again urges threatformation.to the security of classified insecretary as mission acted hewhere

of the time. Besides serving six years that care should be given the recomUnder no circumstances are lists to

as bishop in the Third Ward, he spent mend cards sent by them to wards be published in bulletins, stake newssix years as a member of the Yale Ward where members have taken up new papers, or other publications where bishopric. residence. In some instances the cards they become public property.

Mrs. Doxey and their four children have been given to ward teachers for The lists asked for by the Committee

will accompany him to Louisville, Kentheir convenience in locating the new for L.D.S. Servicemen for use by that

tucky, headquarters of the mission. members, with the result that the cards committee, are used solely for sending

been lost or have pocketworn beyond to of the church the members such pubIdaho Falls Temple President all usefulness. receipt, recomUpon lications available, as are bring to and

I""\avid Smith, president of the North mend cards should be placed immediatethem such spiritual guidance as may be—Idaho Falls Stake, has been aply in the membership binder and a list possible under the circumstances.

pointed by the first presidency as presiof names be given the teachers. The

dent of the Idaho Falls Temple, soon to cards should not be permitted to be Historic Relic be dedicated. President Smith has taken from the ward files for any rea- A cowbell which crossed the plains

presided over the North Idaho Falls son.;** in 1 848 upon the neck of an ox belonging Fielding Smith, its creation since to MaryStake widow in May, Projects 1934. Coast Home of the Patriarch reSmith, has Hyrum

Jr. Quinney,Death Joseph Takes organizations are being efDranch cently sent to the been HisChurch

C udden death, presumably by heart atfected among members of the torian's Office.

*-* tack, on September 13 ended the church found in large new defense long career in church service of Joseph housing projects near Seattle, WashMormon Irrigation in Iran

Quinney, Jr., president of the Canadian ington, and Portland, Oregon. Professor Luther M. Winsor, memMission and formerly president of the The Vanport housing project with a ber of the church agricultural adLogan Temple. Mrs. Quinney, who acpopulation of from 40,000 to 50,000 visory committee, on leave from*

companied her husband to Toronto at and the McLaughlin Heights project the U. S. Department of Agriculture,

the time of their appointment in May with a population of 30,000, both near was loaned by the U. S. State Departof this year, has returned to the family Vancouver, Washington, have from ment to become Iran's director general'

home in Logan, Utah. four to five percent church population. of irrigation several years ago. Since

Distinction in Service Southern Genealogical Records iansthat timeto reclaimhe has theirbeen land,helpingbythetheIranre-

Drivate Preston G. Redd of the ArJames M. Black of the Genealogical storation of kanats, or subterreaneani

lington Ward, Los Angeles Stake, Society of Utah has microfilmed some channels tapping ground water at the recently scored one hundred fiftynine 800,000 pages of genealogical records water table. Some of these kanats are

out of a possible one hundred sixty in in North Carolina. The work, taking said to be four thousand years old.

the army's general intelligence test at twentyeight months to complete, rep- {Continued on page 606)

OCTOBER, 1943 605.

{Continued /rom page 605) bert A. Chadwick succeeds Joseph L. Garfield Ward, Rigby Stake, William

Brown. Burton Holland succeeds Charles N. Groom.

Relief Society Editor Arlington Ward, Washington Stake, John San Jose Ward, San Francisco Stake,

L. Vernard succeeds D. Walton ManHarold succeeds H. Laurence Smith Henry of the C. Sharp, a member Iarianne Beckstrand. waring. ""of the Relief Society general board Smithfield Smithfield Second Ward, Stake, Harold Yellowstone Parker Ward,

since 1 940, has been appointed associate Davenport succeeds Willis R. Humphreys. Stake, Asa D. Weeks succeeds Willard A.

editor of the Relief Society Magazine. St. Anthony Third Ward, Yellowstone Hansen.

The wife of Ivor Sharp, manager of Stake, Martin D. Davis succeeds Dean Manti South Ward, South Sanpete Stake,

radio station KSL, and the daughter of Baird. Ivan Carlson succeeds Alma C. Petersen.

RichHar- Stake, Stake, Blackfoot Washington Fairview Ward, Riverton Ward, Clark, President Jr., she was Reuben J. Nielsen. Nelson. succeeds Clato Y. John succeeds vey G. Stoops ard E. Yancey in the Relief in Society active work Stake, David Idaho V. Stake, Ward, John Conda Bannock Grace Ward, before stakes Ensign and York New Giles Leonard succeeds Peterson. Charles J. Hatch. E. succeeds Emil Kirby

general board. the called to being Fletcher Stake, First Carbon Price Ward,

B. Hammond succeeds Orson H. Guymon. Gifts to Brigham Young University

Stake, Presidencies Carbon Branch, Stake Standardville the of S. Harris Franklin President succeeds Ephraim R. Donaldson A. * anhas Tn the Brigham Young University Smithfield Stake, President AlWalterMuhlestein.

fred W. Chambers and counselors Oak City Ward, Deseret Stake, Marvin nounced the acceptance of the fol-

A. Reed Halversen and Bennie J. Rav- L. Lovell succeeds Wallis E. Dutson. lowing gifts: from President Heber J.

sten have been released. A. Reed HalSugarville Ward, Deseret Stake, RomuGrant, two thousand dollars for the

Jensen. succeeds George Shields lus W. loan pressustained as stake Grant versen has been Augusta and Heber W.

Stake, Deseret John W. Ward, Abraham presented dollars ident Noble fund; Bennie and thousand with oneJ. J. Ravsten disorganized and released. Fullmer Ward for counselors. Rogers the as L. Taylor Chambers Maude T. N. by to Sutherland Ward. added membership

dollars President Stake, In fund; the hundred one Hyloan Uintah Taylor EmigraTwenty-first Salt Ward, Lake

rum B. Calder and counselors Archie tion Stake, John P. Greene succeeds Gordon by the Beneficial Life Insurance ComJohnson and Byron Goodrich have been Burt Affleck. pany for the pipe organ fund; one hunreleased. Archie Johnson has been susSpringville Second Ward, Kolob Stake, dred dollars by Mr. and Mrs. James

tained as president with Byron GoodSelvoy J. Boyer succeeds Harold Alleman. Cullimore for the endowment fund; one

rich and H. Grant Vest as counselors. Leadore Branch, Lost River Stake, Dana hundred dollars for the endowment

Dalby. E. succeeds William Walton one Greenwood; fund by Marion coun- J. President Bunderson Hervin and Stake, Nels Beach Fullerton Long Ward,

prizes Rich, for dollars S. and the fund Abel by Jensen hundred selorsJames Cortez. Samuel H. succeeds A. Newman

of the released presidency from for have been dollars Irvine; seventyfive R. R. Price Stake, Lloyd Moroni Ward, Wales

the Stake. S. Elder Abel Rich was Box buildfor the Smith four lamps Joseph Jacobsen. Soren succeeds

with president sustained Benas Glenn M. fifty Stake, dollars Thomas ing the Nevada Ruth Ward, W. women; B.Y.U. by

as counselors. Baird E. and John son Whitehead. succeeds R. Taylor Owen Mrs. for the and organ fund Mr. by J. In President the Stake, Davis North Stake, Henry Nevada McGill Ward, fortyfour C. R. Hodson; hundred new one Clifford D. Miller counselors B. Arnold and Lewis. T. Eugene succeeds Conrad

reStrang Holt been library have the and to H. George the volumes by Mask Stake, WilFirst Oquirrh Ward, Granger

as leased. sustained Holt was George H. fiftyseven library the Club; to Albert volumes succeeds Vernile liam Brown W.

president, Clifford and Strong D. with Amos Bonham. from Calvin and H. Bartholomew; counselors. as Roy Cook Stake, Pioneer Fourth Salt Ward, Lake for for the Smith bonds murals Joseph

Arthur succeeds Davis J. Sperry. Arthur Building by the senior class of 1943. Bishops, Presiding Elders Stake, Angus Phoenix Branch, Buckeye

GLENWOOD Ward, Alberta Stake, Owen P. Skousen succeeds Artie Lee Marler. Sunday School Board Appointments

Raft River Stake, Henry Ward, L. Leavitt succeeds Eldon Quinton. Almo {"laribel Wallace Aldous, Vernon Asael E. Ward. succeeds Stake, AlonBelnap Metropolis Humboldt Ward,

zo Knudson succeeds Herbert M. Uhlig. Timpanogos Ward, Sharon Stake, Boyd V* J. LeeMaster, and Ralph B. Keeler

Winnemucca Ward, Humboldt Stake, C. Davis succeeds Roy H. Gappmayer. have been appointed to the general

William Hooft succeeds Gordon W. Clark. Shelley First Ward, Shelley Stake, Ranboard of the Deseret Sunday School

Clifton Branch, Mt. Graham Stake, D. C, dall L. Anderson succeeds Warren S. Tew. Union.

to president as temporary sustained Duke Stake, Logan Snowflake Taylor Ward, succeed Matheson. C. James Rhoton. D. succeeds Lorenzo Brimhall Alberta Stake Storehouses EmerMt. Jordan Stake, Granite Ward,

Stake, Emerson Cluff Summit J. Ward, S, Whitmore. son succeeds James M. Hand storehouse the of church A regional E. Staples succeeds Wright. John Dennis Stake. Oakland "* Dimond Ward, is at set to Welfare be program up R. Stake, George Uintah Lapoint Ward, Johnson. A. L. succeeds Lund Lauper a Alberta, Lethbridge, Canada, and Hullinger. succeeds Harvey Hacking Stake, Lorenzo Parowan Kanarra Ward,

set the stake storehouse by up is to be Graff. William H. succeeds Williams Jones

Eugene Ward, Portland Stake, George P. L.D.S. SERVtCEM EN, SHEPPARD FIELD, TEXAS Taylor Stake at Raymond, Alberta. Exde- isting buildings will be utilized. succeeds Roscoe Renstrom W. Evans, Falls, good Texas, Field, Sheppard Wichita

'. services for,S. army attendance at ceased. L.D

Officers Wichita of men—sometheboasts one hundred. well over times SantaquinWard, Second Santaquin

as has Excommunications aid, of considerable been have Falls Branch succeeds Tintic Olsen V. Stake, Roy chaplain. the post

Kahinu Brighter, Homelani services Ann E: June Chatwin. ed here attended Thomas The jroup pictui 6. Mary* Weenio. John L. by Elder Reported in in the Star Valley Stake, Delborn 1888; excommunicated Fairview Ward,

Kohala District of the Hawaiian Mission

October 31. 1942.

James Kalemaemae Brighter, born August 14, 1877; excommunicated in the Kohala

District of the Hawaiian Mission October 31,Wm.1942.Keave Chau, born February 22,

1914; excommunicated in the Kohala District of the Hawaiian Mission October 30,

1942.

Rebecca Wailau Kanipae Chau, born

May 25, 1912: excommunicated in the Kohala District of the Hawaiian Mission October 30, 1942.

Fern Amack Clark, born August 11, 1918;

excommunicated in the West Kansas District of the Central States Mission August 11, 1942.

Sylvia Stella D. Draves, born February

17, 1884; excommunicated in the West

Salt L. Robert City; Backman, Lake Northern: June States District Callis of the Harold and A. Colorado Western Elders Charles Utah: Tus-j Murray, Rose Wright. Cicero Kidd, Ralph

1 16, 1942. Mission tin, November California; Salt City; the of Wolters, Jr., Lake Council Fred of B. Twelve the Lee

Hilton,; Salt City: Tyler Lake Woolley. A. Phyl N. Kaa.eamaku, Beatrice Kaualana Kahiamae at the meeting. in attendance Curtis, California; AriThatcher, Oakland, A. Dean in were 18, excommunicated 1905; born January zona; A.; Salt City; Robert Crown, Joseph W.

District the the Misof Hawaiian Kohala Carpenter, Salt Lake: Utah; Alvin Manti, Barlow, W.Lake Released Missionaries City; Clayburn, Utah; Leo Ethan Perron Heber, T. 1942. 30, sion October

Crook, Utah; Heber, Oakley,! Charles Rhead, Max born McAllister Irene Reeves, November roll is call the of mission- "Rollowing Idaho; Coalville, Richins, Clyde; Marvin Donald Utah;

the in 1, Kan1881; excommunicated Miller West Angeles: Mulford,; Los Clarence LaMar during * aries released July and AuFruita, Los; Mexico; Abel Peterson, Evans John Fife,New States the Central of Mission District sas not previously gust, 1943, and others reAngeles; B. Sorensen, Aurora, Utah; Voyle R.i James 18, 1942. April Ott, Jenkins, Tropic, Utah; June Wyoming;j Freedom,: ported 1896; 26, excomSoares, born Suse Hadfield, City. June Utah, Warburton Brigham Mary JULY

California: Salt Northern Fred Lake! Smith, B. District the J. the in of Kohala municated

City; CalCity; Salt Stewart, Badger, Golden Lake Biiant George Brazilian: Garr Reed; Ogden; Robbin 30, 1942. Mission October Hawaiian

'I City. Salt Hanson, Salt City. Lake Guest. Lake vin Warren

4, 1896; born December Annie Soares, Cali-j Hatch, Prove, Southern: Utah; T. Margaret King Vere Stockton. Thomas, California: Noal Ann

: District of in the excommunicated Kohala fornia; Ogden, Archibald Lehi, CaliRobert Richard Utah; Drimmelen, Pulham, Gleridale, Peterson, Van

fornia; Clifford Keller, E., Noel. Vernal. Utah: Preston, Idaho; June Larry Utah; Chadwick Vera Roane the 30, 1942. October Mission Hawaiian

Salt St. Cox. Sherwood, Arizona; Johns, Utah; Clover. Hansen,. Carson, Douglas Ralph Nowlen James Carl Brown, excommunicated Aug- L. James Salt City; Utah; R. Bicknell, Lake Fuller, City; Taft. Smith Lawrence Ari-i Gilbert, Mark Lake Roy Max

1943, England 20, ust Cambridge, zona; Ericson, Satterfield, Salt Jr.. New Salt Marshall Pocatello, City; Idaho; Y. William; Lake Cram, G. Ammon

Charles, Brinton, Falls, Idaho; Idaho Idaho; St. Beat-. Pugmire. Avirell Max Floyd Lake City; H. Emmett Mission.

tie, Francisco; Sorensen, L. City; Salt Lloyd S. San Lake Ore-; Glen Nelson, H. Wendell, Romney, August born Campbell, priest, Erwin gon; Kjar, Salt Ashto.n Lake Merrill Salt Stander, Neils: Joseph Idaho; City; Lake 5, ClydeBurmah, Harold Clyde

i 1943, 30, 1895. Excommunicated Logan, St. Idaho; May Scipio, Tones Utah; Blayne Anthony, Flake,! City; Monroe, Beth Dennis Osmer

Twentyfourth Ward, Salt Lake. Hawkes, Logan, Utah; Leah Henrie, Snowville. Utah; Phoenix, Arizona; Verda E. Turnbow. Tabiona, Utah.'

Allred, Ogden. LaRue Rema Salt! SpanishAmerican: Constance Spear, Mary 15, Garfield Terrell, born January Robert

City; Lake Ethel City: Salt Stevens, David Albert Salt City; James Madsen, Lake Canadian: Lake at 1943, 21, 1907. Excommunicated June Merrill Bushnell, Joseph AriSalt Mesa, City; P. Lois Hunt, Hooper, Haws, Lake Aleen Mabel Utah; Don

Erie, Pa. zona; Stanford P. Darger, Salt Lake City; Sarah Gibb Yost, Bancroft, Idaho; Ben Easton Sampson, Delta.:

Lyle Delta. Bunker, Alta., Matkin, Utah; Canada; Utah: Lamont Magrath, Bentley. St. Heber Maxwell Low; deacon, born Gowell, Clyde Lawrence

George, Utah; Calgary, Ada., Joseph Idaho;. Lola Faye A. Cardston, Canada; McPhee. Heyburn, 1909. 23, Excommunicated September Finlinson, Raymond Roper City, Rasmussen, Magrath. Marion July Alta., Canada; Lloyd Utah; Bailey,Oak Dean 16, 1943, at Cambridge, New England MisAlta., Canada; Jean L. Russell, Taber, Alta.. Canada: Rowley, Spring Glen, Utah; Grant E. Blake, Provo,

Stott, Brimhall Millett, Utah: William'Alta., Canada; William Centerville, Boyad Utah;; John sion.

Pershing Kirtland, Cook, Fountain Green, Carl Melvin Tanner, Utah; Wynder, Lewis M, Cardston,New Mexico; Delia Estella Gowell, born June 3, 1901. Brockbank, Fork, Spanish Alta.. Irene Hill Spring, Canada; Romney, William Hamlin Utah; Eva RasmusExcommunicated July 16, 1943, at CamSalt Lake City; William A. Pettit, Jr.. So. Pasadena, sen, Idaho Palis, Idaho; Sylvan Godfrey, Ogden; Ber- 1

nell Hales. Salt California. Jr.. Elliot Lake City: W. C. Howe.'bridge, Mission. England New Salt City; Lake Fielding Garth Frailer, Provo, Utah;; Price, Porter Central: Murray, Melvin Utah; Mar14, 1900. Exborn Gowell, June Ina May Robert Gerald Shelley, Cox, Idaho; Elden Joseph shall Salt City; Litson Allen McEntire. Lake Myron 1943, Olsen, Cambridge, 16, Jr., California. La Canada, communicated July Salt Utah; Ottley, Hintze, Midvale. S. Lake Henry

Ila Texas Westover, Mission. Clifford City; Lewlston, Turner, Utah; Parley Utah; Holden, Donald L. England New;

Smith, Mateo, San: Bingham, Honeyville, Earl Utah; Robert Watts. Dayle H. W.MarjorieCooper,; born Fitzpatrick, priest, Cleave Richard

Pocatello, Idaho; Kanosh, MyronCalifornia;Hatch, Utah; Los Angeles. Utah; Anderson. Herbert! Hyrum, James Mark 20, April excommunicated 4, 1906, May Marsh, California; Leandro, California. Bringhurst, Samuel San Utah; J. John Murray,

Stake. in Walter Burgener, 1943, Utah: Nephi Provo, Dublan, Herbert Juarez Fred Western: Charles Dean, Edwin Provo, Utah; Lee

Sanford, Colorado; Mortensen, Randall Layton Hatch, Buttars, Ciarkston, Winn Utah; Keith Sherman Hall, Ritter Wiseborn DecemFlorence Eva Safford, Arizona; Huffaker, David Elwood Midway, man. Utah; Murray, Newell Vernon Jackson, Clay 5, 17, October 1883, ber excommunicated Alta Shelley, Utah; Idaho; Huntsman, LaReah Wanda Springs, Arizona: Seth Jones, Melling Enterprise,

Gibbons, Eager. Arizona; Loran Sorensen. I Wilson Stake. in 1942, Park, Oakland [ Maxwell Utah.

Calif.; Valley, Grass Woolstenhulme, Edward LeRoy Western Canadian: Melvin Lehi Smith, Linden;! born Richardson, Geraldine Varney Lulu Victor, Lehi, Idaho; Lester Ross, Utah; Glendon Reed Arizona. April 1909, 25, excommunicated November Falls. Williams, Idaho; Keith Charles Idaho Wallace,

i august St. George, Utah; Tucson, Tompkinson, AriEmily Misin 9, Cambridge, 1943, England New

'Lillian zona; Salt Derrick, City; Lake Mary Whitney Brazilian: Carleton Salt Garrick, Max City. Lake sion.

Hale, Idaho; Salt Oakley, Karl Dayley Nash, Edwin California: William Thornton, Archie'Rolf Ogden; City; Shirley Lake Clyde Reynolds, Murray, Utah; Robison, Fillmore, Utah: Raulston Zundell, G. PlyCaldwell, Karl Walter Ogdea. Branch Changes mouth Utah; Alice Smedley, Syracuse, Utah; Reuben

Central: S. Blackfoot, Idaho; East Leon A. Saunders, Brower, Leslie Ogden: Adrian Hathcock, Mesa,

: forStake City Reno Branch, Butler, F. Salt City; Lake Salt Foulger, Boyd Arizona; L. Harold Ramona Salt Adams, City; Lake Carson Joan W.

i City; Lake Gibson, Bruce Arizona; Phoenix, Pleasant Adams. Lucy M. Grove, Utah; Alvira Velma Hansen, branch, independent merly made was an

Harris, Blanding, Lillywhite. Utah: M. Frank PhoeUtah: Linford, C. Kaysville, Utah;'Don 20. of a July 1 Henry dependent Ward, Reno nix, Arizona; F. Patrick, Salt City; Joseph Lake Shurtleff, Burt Salt City; Lake Centerfleld,W. Mance Hyrum

president, sucsustained acting Peterson, H. Marvin Arizona; Mesa, E. Lee was Placerville, Norwood W. Vaught, California; Leroy Rhoades, James

Porter, Blanding, F. Salt Utah; George Lake Webb, Utah; Hanna. Douglas Hanks, City. Salt Tueller. Lake J. ceeding R. Golden

City. Canadian: Bernice Salt Whipple, City; Wilma Lake disconStake, Branch, Tooele Ophir was Eastern: Olga Johnson. Springs, Nieoma Rock Laurence Lowell Duncombe, Alberta, Raymond, Canare- 31. tinued Nelson D. was Wilmer R. Lois Kenneth July Krey, Wyoming; Manwill, Ogden; da; Belle Forsyth, Cardston, Alberta, Canada; Edna:

Richfield, Utah; Merrill, Laura Logan, Rees Utah; Enetta Aetna, Alberta, Hansen, leased. Canada.

: Stewart. Merle Kaysville, Harvey Utah; Louis Alma Central: Milton Quentin Jewett, Santaquin, Utah;

Laney, Albuquerque, Vivian Drage, Mexico: New Rudger Ricks, Vernon Rexburg, Idaho; C. Andrew

Salt City; Lake Sanberg, S. Lloyd Hurricane, Utah. Richfield, Knaphus, Utah; Russell Driggs, Jean Jr.. Branches New

Salt City; Lake William Read, Hawaiian: Angeles. Joseph Stubbs. Provo, Los Fred Jay Utah.

Stake, Sacramento Branch, Central: Lionell East Carmichael Verl Averett, Cross,'Woods England: Jensen, Preston, Fae Idaho; New Willard Utah; Walter Coleman, Teasdale, Dwain Utah; Fern organized with A. Robert has S. been Wilkinson, Falls, Idaho; Idaho Garuth R. Hansen.

Dahl, Hooper, Utah; Salt City; R. Muir, Thomas Lake Smithfield, Utah; William Salt Joseph Stobbe, Lake president. as branch Reiche

i Richard Murdock, Joseph Provo, Utah; Alex Edward City; Sybil Preston, Hansen, Idaho. Stake, has Branch, been Terrace Simpson, Layton, Weber City, Anderson, Elvon Utah; G. Oak Central: North Afton Birdseye, McKean, Utah;

Utah; Arizona; LeSueur, James Mesa, Warren as James Fuller Luella with organized A. Remington Rice, Biggs, California; Kotter, James Roger

LeSueur, Arizona; Kay Mesa, Werner, AlbuKent J. Elsinore, Utah; Johnson, Fountain Aden V. Green, president. branch querque,; Mexico; Hill, Laurel Darpha Provo. New Robert Utah; Richards, City; Salt Dewey Lake Leone orStake, has Kline Branch, been Young i F. Birtcher, Utah: Globe, Arizona; Hiriam Normand Stauffer, Salt City; Ada Earl Lake Tassel, H. Van

Robert Oakland; Brummett, Hardy.; Reynolds the Kline Homer former ganized Utah; from Ward. Hanna, Stolworthy James Esplin, Orderville. j

Loyalton, California; Nielson Burnard Taylor, | Yuba Utah; Scrieber Haines Smart, Salt City; Lake Edward Harris succeeds Bishop D. Dud- D. Thomas City, California. Fort Brown, M. Arizona; Thomas, Clyde LeRoy ley Jones. Thompson, Salt City. Lake {Continued on 624) page

Ward Discontinued Chumway Ward, Snowflake Stake, * has been discontinued, and its membership transferred to the Taylor

Ward, Snowflake Stake. Bishop Don

BrinkerhofE was the last bishop of the

Shumway Ward.

Granger Ward Divided '"Phe Granger Ward, Oquirrh Stake, was divided April 25 to form. the

Granger First and Second wards. Albert W. Bonham was sustained as bishop of the First Ward, and Merrill L.

Petersen, bishop of the Granger Ward before the division, was sustained as fields Thein thefollowmgcountry,leftbutthehaveSalt notLakebeenMissionarypreviouslyHomeannounced:on November(left 26,to right)1942, Maxfor serviceJ. Thorley,in variousCarl

bishop of the Second Ward. Haderlie, President Don B. Cotton (mission home director), Robert L. Marriott, and Frank Hicks.

OCTOBER, 1943 607 peace, or happiness, or soundness, or stability, or mental or social or economic or spiritual wellbeing. We Editorials hope that everyone will have such things. We cherish the belief that they can be had—but that such a day

will automatically come to all men after the war will no

Conference r/otice more be true than it was before the war, and we had 'TPhe One Hundred Fourteenth SemiAnnual Conferjust as well make up our minds to a realization of this

A ence of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday fact now, and save disappointment later.

It in right is the this world and to work duty of men Saints will held be in the Salt Lake Tabernacle on get, or for they they with hands whether what work 3. 1, 2, October and

The attendance at the Conference, because of inbrains or both, and neither material goods nor the varicreasing difficulty in transportation, both by automoous freedoms, nor the one great freedom—the free bile, and by railroad train, will be limited to the followagency of man—will come as manna from the heavens

ing: unless we earn them, and respect every man in his place

General Authorities of the Church, Presidencies of and protect every man in his rights. As individuals, as

Stakes, Former Presidencies of Stakes, Patriarchs, High a people, and as a world we haven't come to the point price, the asking without order can where where we Councilmen, Priests Presidencies of High Quorums, giving, get without withachieve can can where we we Presidents of Seventies Presidencies Quorums, of Eleffort, stability build integrity out can where and we ders Presidencies, Bishoprics Quorums, of Temple selfsacrifice oldobserving the without without and Presidencies in orof Wards, Independent Branches to the point fashioned have where virtues. Nor we come ganized Stakes, Presidents of Branches Dependent

thrift. practicing wealth without Becan accumulate in we Stakes, organized Presidents Stake Missions, of Superafter the the fore, during, war, economics laws of and intendency of Deseret Union, SuperinSchool Sunday

still are, will operative; mental and been, have and be tendency, of the General Board Y.M.M.I.A., Geneastill effect greater will factors have moral and spiritual logical Society General Commissioner, Board, Semifactors, the material of than the happiness and men nary Supervisors and Members of the Church Board on

still realities doesn't to of life will have be faced. War of Education.

neither does the peace that The sessions of the Conference will be held as folchange fundamentals—and

lows: follows war. R. L. E.

Friday, October 1, 2:00 p.m.

Saturday, a.m., 2, 2:00 10:00 October p.m., 7:00 p.m. Comedu to Jraaeau 3, a.m., 10:00 2:00 Sunday, October p.m.

Instructions will be issued through the Presidencies 'T'here is a prevalent type of counterfeit humor which of Stakes regarding admission to the Temple Square * must not go unmentioned. It has to do with whispergrounds. ing huddles that proceed with sly sideglances and break

up with mirthless laughter—such huddles as can be seen almost anywhere—in the best and in the worst

places. They are the mark of those who have mistaken

bad stories tor good humor—which brings us to remind ourselves that the whispered story which has

indecency as its principal ingredient is not humorous, even though cautious but attentive groups often disperse with loud laughter after someone has told one.

The afterdinner speaker, the club entertainer, the writer of yarns and anecdotes, and the man who draws you aside on the street, are merely fake humorists if they have to resort to questionable stories in order to get a laugh. This isn't humor. It is merely the prostitution of humor, even though in some places it might be /Q0vic@frlf/&1The First Presidency considered an indispensable part of any entertainment

or proceeding. Dragging in offcolor stories by the

ears and trying to make them seem to have a point, is a commonplace but spurious substitute for a great art. Jifter the War And a good way to stop it is to walk away from that

"Dor sometime now, perhaps prematurely, perhaps not, huddle at school, or in the barracks, or at the office, or persists in public the common someone places when topic speculation been a favorite has concerning in of

If there yarn. story for error of mistaking a good a bad conditions "after the speculation war."such Often

confines itself entirely to the realm of material comforts is no audience, there will be no recital. Sometimes such

and conveniences, and the more imaginative and extravstories stick indelibly in the minds of the young and farreaching always impressionable, and do harm—and speculators envision picture, for us, in agant word and people. sensitive, highminded to they are an offense birth the immediate readyof a streamlined with world

made luxury and chromium trimmings for all. Clean, subtle, keenwitted humor is an indispensable

If such things are possible, we have no quarrel with part of the great American heritage; but mistaking

them. To contemplate progress is a glorious thing, and something that is filthy for something that is funny has

we'll add our wish for the realization of such a day to no legitimate part in our way of life. To mark the

all the others. But perhaps there has been too much dividing line between comedy and tragedy is notably

emphasis on what we're going to get and not enough difficult at times, but when we cross the line from real on what we have to give; too much emphasis on what comedy to obscenity—that is tragedy.

we want and not enough on what goes into the making There are two kinds of people from whose associaof such things—too much emphasis on a material utopia tion we should like to be spared: one is the man with

and not enough on moral and spiritual values. Nor does no sense of humor, because we find it difficult to enjoy

history give us reason to suppose that luxury is the him; and the other—much worse—is the man with a

immediate aftermath of any war. And furthermore, perverted sense of humor, because he befouls the moral

material luxuries, desirable as they are, do not assure and intellectual atmosphere wherever he goes. R. L. E.

608 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The first answer to such person is that all advice is given for the good of the individual concerned, and that it is wise to follow those who have had experience and Evidences and are unselfishly giving help to others. Properly analyzed,

counsel and church regulations are for the benefit of the people. The church which exists for the welfare reconciliations of man, would be derelict to its divinely imposed obliga*

tions did it not exercise its responsibility as a guardian

Ixxi. rd there Lcoercion, in / / / I / against all evil and for all good.

The second answer is that under the law of free "Cree agency is held by the church to be the first of agency no one is obliged to obey or disobey the counsel "man's rights. Every human being should be free to given. Man is always free to act for himself. But, to

act for himself. This doctrine is repeatedly stated in the members of the church, this answer may be misleading.

revelations of God to man. "I... have given unto the They are under the necessity of acknowledging that

children of men to be agents unto themselves."(D. & consistency requires them to conform to counsel given

C. 104:17.) "For the power is in them, wherein they and regulations set up.

are agents unto themselves."( D. & C. 58:28. Let us follow this thought. Every member of the

Brigham Young declared that church, upon terms of faith and repentance, has entered

AH rational beings have a volition of their own.... The the waters of baptism. By this ordinance he has pledged

volition of the creature is free. This is a law of their existacceptance of the doctrine and practice of the gospel

ence. {Discourses of Brigham Young, 1941 edition, p. 62.) of Jesus Christ. The divinity of the work of the church

Coercion, which is in direct opposition to free agency, has become his settled conviction. Upon this foundamust not be applied in any form. Under whatever name tion he thenceforth regulates his life. Among the basic

it may be practiced, it is of the evil one. President principles thus accepted are the inspiration and authorJoseph F. Smith said: ity residing in the living priesthood. When, therefore,

The freedom of the Latterday Saints has never been curthe president of the church speaks, authoritatively, and tailed... rather it has been enlarged. {Gospel Doctrine, 1939 we disobey, we are repudiating one of the foundation

edition, p. 47.) principles of the gospel. The card player for example

There are, however, strict limitations placed upon the who does not heed the counsel given, really disavows faith divinely established freedom of man. First, the law of faith in the inspired leadership of the church—a

free agency does not abrogate other immutable laws of which he declared to be his own when he entered the the universe. The man who jumps from the housetop church. In fact, they who deny in whole or in part such

will fall to the ground. Free agency does not cancel divine guidance through the president of the church,

out the law of gravity. It merely determines whether forfeit one of the most important claims to church memthe man shall make the jump or remain on the roof or bership.

descend in some other manner. That is the greatness of Thus it comes about that those who follow counsel,

free agency. It gives power to conform to external law even though it run counter to their desires, do so of

and thereby to benefit himself, or to oppose it and injure their own free will. They choose to be consistent Latterhimself. This power, in the end, makes man the master day Saints. They choose to follow the leadership of

of the universe about him. the church rather than their own appetites. They exThe gospel consists of a series of immutable laws. press a glad acceptance of counsel. Their choice rests

Church membership cannot be obtained or retained upon faith in the continuous guidance of the church without faith, repentance, baptism, and the gift of the through the appointed leader. There is no coercion

Holy Ghost. That is not a violation of man s right of about the matter.

free agency. It is the recognition of eternal principles The members of the church are free men and women.

and ordinances. He decides for himself whether on That may be said safely. But their joy in the gospel

these conditions he desires affiliation with the church. depends greatly upon their faith in the inspiration guidOnce he has decided, he must conform to that which he ing the church. If that faith grows dim or vanishes,

has accepted, else be prepared to lose his church memthe way of life must be traveled alone, in darkness.

bership. Free agency is primarily a matter of decision That leaves man helpless. Conformity to authorized

how a man shall act in the midst of universal law. church counsel and regulation, on the other hand, lights

Further, the free agent must always remember that the path and gives man joy in the whole journey. Those

all men have the same right of free agency. Therefore, who do so, soon grow in faith and understanding. And,

there must be no trespassing upon the freedom of others. it is really easy to choose to follow church leadership,

There must be no attempt to force even a needed gift for nothing is required by the church that does not in upon another. It is better that one live in darkness than the end benefit humanity.

light. into to forced be There is ample place among

for teaching but for compelling others men to acMembers of the church glory in their freedom to none for themselves. to the church Converts and act is cept taught. obligation think what is person under Every

beliefs. inherited have dared to break They away from to respect the of free agency individual. other every

their into are the church upon born have who own principle that been years, the throughout observed Had volition in the guide accepted as their gospel life. Both the world spared would have been wars its bloody and

classes for themselves. acted have miseries. dark

The application of these principles to daily affairs The spirit of man must not be fettered. Let a man

sometimes leads to misunderstandings. Certain church believe as he chooses. That is gospel doctrine.

members may feel that a church official is invading their personal liberties when he gives counsel. For example, Naturally, therefore, Latterday Saints look with

the card player may say that the advice by successive horror upon the days of the inquisition, when men were church presidents against this form of amusement is an tortured and burned at the stake for their beliefs; and

invasion of his right to act for himself. Advice on other with equal repugnance upon the similar persecutions

matters of conduct by the constituted leadership of the and executions under protestant rule in the early days church may be questioned by those who are affected by of the Reformation. Such things were not of God.

the advice. (Concluded on page 639)

OCTOBER, 1943 609 CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

may acquire a disagreeable sweet taste.

their to back brought be potatoes Such may ADVICE FOLLOWING placing them condition edible by normalror Ljameners—is temperature the the furnace where near for coordinator Eccles, B. Stewart weeks. for about high two the of Welregion Salt the Lake STORING HARVESTING AND four kept from be Leeks may and Celery almost the reports committee, fare weather freezing after six to or more weeks VEGETABLES FRUITS FRESH AND project the of success unbelievable transplants the and digging occurs, up by to stakes and permitted wards which other or boxes into wooden them planting Dairies Dr. H. Robert By equipment cannery auxiliary the use soil, or sand moist containing containers vegetable surplus the Pathologist, Associate preserve Plant to around place. Thespil in cold a storing and supadequate assuring Station Agricultural thereby Experiment crops, JerseyNew moist constantly by kept roots be the must winter. the coming during plies foliage. the These wetting without watering these released Eccles Coordinator light frost not but heavy will endure crops that stating 31, of August figures as

freezing. will tomatoes for suggestions 519, and of corn Era, September p. (See canning the or more a by will month keep Tomatoes October: facilities.) into season storage the on carry tomatoes green wellmatured the picking 134,147 peas, cans; 16,735 asparagus, cellar placing or the into bringing them and beans, string cans; beets, 24,400 cans; will not be they where cover principles under be should following them date, 52,086 to corn, cans; 126,318

frosted. in studiedThe observed carefully and 353,686 of total grand cans; making a they frosted before not be must Tomatoes storselection, harvesting, date. to the and preserved of produce cans

storage. into the taken are that us reminds also vegetables: fruits Eccles Elder of andage the protect tomato is to It often possible include course, of not, figures do these of mulch in a fruits the means garden by stored that to are vegetables be Fruits and carried canning program the immense old burlap, or rug, as a such covering or a for suited that are varieties of consistshould commitWelfare church the on by frost. first The the before carpet heavy of should good be they storage andwinter

picked tomatoes green well when developed, clean. sound, mature, and fresh,size, exceptionthis feel that is an tee.We layor either shelves, two one laid are on stored to be should that are Vegetables the indicates record, and ally good

total in darkness best ers ripen deep. They wet. are Handle they while folhandled tonot be Saints Latterday desire the of 65 is to F. 60 the temperature about when usually care. with specimen Decayevery so given many on them the advice low can Sprouts Brussels and Cauliflower broken. the has been skinstarts authorities. where general the occasions by growing. while light freezes stand Howto rethe of inch least at stem one Allow

main attached to all root crops, and two ever, they should be gathered before severe inches to remain attached to pumpkins and freezing weather occurs. Cauliflower plants

squash. Sweet Potatoes keep best if they are which are developing heads may be transin a located into are boxes which planted three in a very for or weeks stored two fruits vegetables and expose Do not

to three in place 85 protected and which F., cold the alongside to location (80 storage, to firstwarm as reach they frost beforeheavy

soil has been of sand moist of to four inches carried a gently then very furnace) and likely to keep. Even not are productsfrosted

the cauliflower storage, placed. During will be the temperature location where turnips, as vegetables suchthe more hardy

should be will increase heads in size. They sweet potatoes not handle about 50 injured F. Do be byrutabagas, and cabbage may

freezing before they are stored. during their storage period. watched very closely because decay may

Apples and celery, apples and onions, or Onions grown from seeds and not sets readily set in under these conditions.

celery and onions should not be stored in will keep best in winter storage. After the Brussels sprouts may be successfully

close proximity to each other. When such onions are well dried, the tops should be stored in the same manner as outlined for

combinations are stored together, one memremoved, leaving one inch or more of the cauliflower. The plants may be kept from

ber of each group is likely to acquire a tops attached to the onion, before transferthree to five weeks or longer under these disagreeable flavor. ring them to a cool, dry storage. conditions. As the weather becomes cold,

Not all vegetables should be stored under Cabbage is not injured by moderate frosts, individual sprouts are sometimes cut off the same conditions. Some require a warm, and keeps best when the plants are stored, from the plant and stored in tight boxes in

dry storage place (squash, pumpkins, and roots, leaves and all, in a cool humid loca- a cold, damp place.

sweet potatoes); others keep best in a cold, tion. Where just a few plants are to be Beets, Turnips, Winter Radishes, Cardry place (onions); whereas still others restored, they may be transplanted into boxes rots, and Rutabagas are best stored in moist

quire a cold (about 35 F.) and moist storand placed in some cool location. The soil sand, in tightly covered boxes or crocks

age (apples, pears, root crops, white poaround the roots should be kept moist. placed in a cool basement or storage room.

at a temperature object is to that keep them are exposed to a The White Potatoestatoes, cabbage, and several other less compoint freezing where the and the for just above 3 1 F. a few days temperature of 30 or vegetables).mon

610 THt IMPROVEMENT ERA humidity is high enough to prevent shriveling.

The storage of fruits and vegetables is not difficult, and a bounteous supply may be made available to the family from storage throughout the winter months.

{&JtA'ULZ By Genevieve Van Wagenen TJTow's your knowledge of plants, in- "* A sects, and things in general? I'll bet

it's pretty good. Here's a chance to test

yourself. Try to answer the ten questions listed below. When you finish the

quiz, add up your score, allowing yourself ten points for each correct answer.

If your grade is 90 or 100 you are "Excellent."Seventy to 80 is "Good."

And 60 is better than the average will score. Get set—Go!

1. Standing out from the bee's head

are two feelers known as antennae. Of

what purpose are they to the bee?

2. You have heard the expression,

"I'm going to make a beeline for home.'Do you know what it means?

3. Do bees gather anything besides

nectar and pollen?

4. How long does it take an oyster

to reach maturity?

5. Can you name two insect families

or groups that have developed a community life that may almost be described as a civilization?

6. Is it the male or female garden

spider that spins the web?

7. Is it true or false that natural

pearls are made when the oyster deposits motherof-pearl around tiny grains of sand which pass through the openings of the shell and irritate the mollusk till it covers the grains with the smooth nacre? 8. Is it true or false that the root of Where do they

a tree generally covers as great an area in the soil as the boughs and branches get all do above the ground?

9. The three parts of a plant essential

to growth are what? They are found in their energy?

the tiny seedling as soon as it is well out of the ground.

10. Botanists have divided plants into classes or families. Those plants

which have certain characteristics in common are placed in one family. Is it

true or false that the strawberry, raspberry, apple, pear, cherry and rose beGood bread is one of the best energy long to family? the same

(Answers will be found on page 614) foods. Growing children need it. Everybody needs it—every day. You'll like

(—krldUan J4tomes the natural "homemade"flavor of Royal

Tt does indeed seem to me that, if the Bread. It's enriched with important

* years to come are to see some real vitamins and iron.

spiritual recovery, the women of our nation must be deeply concerned with Royal Baking Co., Salt Lake and Ogden Fresh every day

religion, and our homes are the very More than 50 Years 01 Service and Progress at your grocer's place where it should start. It is the

creative and dynamic power of Christianity which can help us to carry the moral responsibilities which history is placing upon our shoulders. If our homes can be truly Christian, then the NOW GOING INTO MORE THAN 80,000 HOMES AND TO CAMPS

influence of that spirit will assuredly ALL OVER THE WORLD!

spread like leaven through all the aspects of our common life, industrial, ERA IMPROVEMENT THE social, and a radio political.—From issues 50 North Main Street $2.50 broadcast by the Queen of England on 12

April 11.

OCTOBER, H!#toA 611

By Josephine B. Nichols

JUfake nutritious meals delicious with the following recipes: GUARANTEED

Ham Ring 3 cups cooked ground ham 2 x/l cups soft bread crumbs sililllil \ x/z cups milk 34 teaspoon pepper 3 tablespoons grated onion 3 eggs fVM 1J/-2 tablespoons chopped parsley '}'",'. Combine all ingredients with the wellbeaten eggs. Pour into a wellgreased ring

water and bake e F.) hour. for one &m4: -:5; -a>;v: mold.in a moderatePlace inovena pan(350of hot

Turn onto a hot chop plate and fill center with vegetables.

Creamed Hamburger

13 lbs. hamburger

1 medium onion, chopped fine 2 teaspoons salt 34 teaspoon pepper So sure are we that Globe "Al"Flour will give you perfect 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce baking results, that we guarantee each sack unconditionally. 3 cups medium white sauce

See guarantee below. Fry seasoned hamburger with onion in

Try this rationwise recipe for tangy A-l Lemon Meringue skillet until hamburger is brown and crumPie and be sure of a rich, tender crust, by using Enriched bly. Drain off excess fat Add hot white

Globe "Al"Flour. sauce to browned meat. Serve on toast,

A-l LEMON MERINGUE PIE mashedchopped potatoes,parsley. or rice. Sprinkle with

Pastry 1c. Globe "A1"Flour Vj c. shortening Escalloped Tomatoes and Eggplant

3 Tbsp. water (approx.) Vi tsp. salt 1 mediumsized eggplant

Sift flour once, measure. Cut shortening into flour and salt until about 1 teaspoon salt

size the peas. of water time, * few drops Add mixing with at a teaspoon pepper a 3

fork, until particles lightly form a ball together. pressed when Wrap butter margarine or 34 cup in chill rolling. paper wax before and 450'. 1518 min. Bake at

8"finely shell. onion pie ( Makes one chopped cup y$

Filling 3 tablespoons flour Flour c. Globe Vi sail tp. "Al"4 tomatoes cooked cups Vi

e. lemon juice Vj c. water boiling 1 c. sugar Vi tablespoons bread 3 crumbs Grated rind two lemons yolks egg 31

salt dice sprinkle eggplant; with Pare and

ingredients, dry over add boiling water Mix and cook butter or in melted pepper. Saute and NEW until stirring constantly. heat thick, low beaten Add egg HANDY slightin frying margarine heavy pan until yolks slightly longer. add and Cool cook two min. and

POURING juice rind. thoroughly. pour lemon Cool and Mix and eggplant; onion saute browned. Remove

shell. into at pie baked with meringue. Bake Top flour; in until Blend not brown. limp but min. 1520 325 F.

slightly SPOUT '"/Si ly until thickened, tomatoes; cook add

stirring frequently.

Arrange alternate layers of browned eggplant and tomato sauce in wellgreased bak- l*0, ing dish. Top with bread crumbs. Bake

in moderate oven (350 F.) about 45 minutes. Serves six.

Doughnuts 1 cake yeast milk cups warm % 1341 sugar tablespoon \\A cups sifted flour Yi cup sugar

mace teaspoon QQ 00 3431 tablespoons butter egg

GLOBE i FLOUR inJ4Dissolvelukewarmteaspoonyeastsaltmilk.andAddonelJ/tablespooncups floursugarand

ENRICHED WITH TWO B-VITAMINS AND IRON beat well. Cover and let rise in warm

place, about one hour. Cream butter and

sugar. Add salt, egg and nutmeg. Add to

DELICIOUS, NUTRITIOUS moderatelyyeast mixture.softAdddough.remainingKneadflour tolightly,make

WARTIME MEALS thenlet riseplacelj/jin hours.well greasedWhenbowl.light,Coverturn andout

thick. roll inch floured Cut board and on 34 Panwith tempting Globe "Al"

cutter Place inch). on (3 doughnut with a Here's cakes and Waffles.

let rise cloth, with cover and board, floured flour "straightwheat,"readymixed that makes the tender oldfashioned about one hour.

loves. See everybody pancakes fat to brown onehot enough in deep Fry the recipes on the package.

or seconds, in sixty of bread inch cube 375 F. Fry on both sides, turning only

roll in powdered once. Drain, cool and

dozen. GLOBE "HI"PANCAKEm WAFFLE FLOUR sugar. Makes three

612 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Baked Apples De Luxe

raisins cup tablespoons Y236 mediumsized apples, cored flour FDR THAT EXTRA BURST

J sup sugar teaspoon cinnamon J/2 tablespoons butter \ DF SPEED AND ENERGY 3

J4 cup chopped walnuts 3 cup water Y% cup orange juice Arrange apples in greased baking dish. Fill centers with raisins. Combine flour, "Drink

sugar, cinnamon, and butter; mix until

crumbly; add walnut meats; sprinkle overapples. Pour water and orange juice around Maid-D-Barley

apples. Bake in moderately hot oven (375

one hour. Serves 6. It's the A-NumberOne Health Beverage lor young and old...

Delicious to the taste... Economical to tile pocketbook...

Contains no caffeine, chicory,

Payment for Handy Hints used will be coloring or preservatives one dollar upon publication. In the event Easy to prepare

submitted,that idea are two with the same the At All Good Grocers will receive earlierthe postmarked one dollar. None of the ideas can be returned, Roasted and Packed by

but each will receive careful consideration. WISDDM FDDDS * * * 150 Pacific Ave. Salt

A jelly aid—When sealing jelly with Lake City, Utah

paraffin wax, after pouring the melted paraffin on top of the filled glass, quickly lay a short length of cotton string across the middle, leaving a little hanging over the side. When the paraffin hardens, the

cord will be firmly "fixed"in place. When

ready to serve, simply lift the cord and the paraffin top comes off easily.—Mrs. i?. G.,

St. Albans, W. Va.

Buy a fivecent funnel and put your ball of cord in it: hang it in a handy place in

—/.the kitchenM Kamas,and itUtah.is always ready for use. i v-\

To prevent boiled fudge frosting from falling off cracking the and cake when it is %sS cut, until Boil frosting the use this method:

it makes a soft ball in cold water. Remove

from fire, beat until it hardens in the pan, and add cream or milk until the creamy mixture will spread evenly on cake. Mrs. MAPLEINE G. D. C, Columbus, Ohio. Tff "EXTRA #P"

Now that school has started, it's the same KAVOZ//VMXT/ME old story of lost caps, coats, and overshoes.

It label to idea every item is a good by oNAP your fingers at shortages and printing small piece of adhesive on a tape the child's name and placing it inside the V ration worries. Here 's extra helpfrom

garment. Mrs. E. A. T., Seattle, Wash. Mapleine, an old friend with new uses

HELPS SAVE SHORTENING! You can

Recipe for a wellordered household: Let use kitchen fats—beef drippings, bacon

the mistress of the house take two pounds and ham fats—for baking. Mapleine imof the very best selfcontrol; one to two proves the flavor. And, of course, it gives

pounds of justice; one pound of considera- a delicious flavor to all your baking, too

tion; patience one of pound and one pound Boosts STRETCHES CHOCOLATE! are reservations are Hotel crowded. discipline. it Buses charity. with Sweeten Let flavor. chocolate need less in chocolate You

places. get hard to well. in somesimmer daily remember to take And We regret this icings, cakes, cookies, chocolate, hot when

in large doses and keep constantly on hand. condition, and we are doing our best to you fortify chocolate flavor with Mapleine.

Serve with helping of a "Peace toward is trip travelers. handle essential If your Put zest into MEATLESS PEPS UP MENUS.

B. Idaho.men."—P. Rigbg, C, beans loaves withMapleine. and bean baked essential, well in adcall your bus agent,

Mothers, especially those with a large vance, advising when and where you are It's a natural—makes them tastier.

family, or working mothers, will find a bulgoing. He will tell you which are the REPLACES "HARDTO-GET"SPICES AND

Is spiceand-flavor cupyour FLAVORS. letin board to helpful, in very be if placed least travel best days to and crowded thinner getting board your spices? Make the kitchen or convenient place. some Items

light schedules. and Travel be farther. flavors to on time. and go Use Mapleine be jotted ormay down slips thumbtacked

pie, cake, in cookies, spice flavor—boost theon Article as the Faith of board—such flavor. all the spice desserts out is that to be memorized, or the date Junior

desserts, dainties in too, Grand by! Coaxesitself, is to the give talk twoand-onehalf-minute

in Sunday School. Perhaps there is an arGet a bottle from your grocer today ticle which should be brought to the attenunion pacific

tion of the children. It will become a center

of interest to the entire family. M. B. K., E Creek,Mink Idaho. ElI i FLANV OR STAGES I M I TAAT I OPLN MAP

Cotton makes traps. good bait for mouse

likeMice it for nesting purposes. C. BUY ANOTHER WAR BOND Mrs.

W. B., Tabev, Alta., Canada.

OCTOBER, 1943 613.

3. Yes, the bees gather a red, resinthe expense of his mate tilPat last she

\ajulz Aftndwers ous substance that covers the new kills him.

shoots of some trees like the pine and 7. False. The natural and most beau-

{Questions will be found on page 611) poplar, and on the leaf buds of horse tiful pearls are those which are built up 1 The antennae are really very wonchestnuts. With this they make a vararound a little worm known as a cesderful organs, for they are used for nish to line the hive and keep out the tode. All the natural pearls that have

smelling, and they also contain the ears damp. been examined by experts have been

of the bee. 4. It takes an oyster six or seven found to begin with the dead larva of

parasites. these tiny of worm it one to reach maturity. years the time By

2. Often a bee will travel three or 8. to tear tree out a healthy True, years under eleven or twelve reaches

four miles to find suitable flowers, but natural conditions it dies. of the ground by the roots needs an

wherever it goes and however zigzag enormous amount of force. A powerful

may be its path, it always flies back in 5. The bees, ants, and termites are steam engine with steel cables is some-

a direct line to the hive. That is why the chief of these highly organized comtimes hardly able to drag the tree from

we call a straight line of travel a beemunities. In a beehive there is a comits anchorage.

line. munity of from thirty thousand to sixty 9. The three parts of a plant essential

individuals that organized thousand so to growth are—the root, the stem, and or laid her duties has his every member leaf. the

down definitely. 10. True. The rose family is a group

\92* 6. The female spider spins the web comprising about two thousand species

and catches the prey. She is much larger and contains many familiar fruit trees,

than the male, but he generally lives at shrubs, and plants.

ON THE BOOK RACK 1943 future will(Concludedproduce greaterfrom pagegood.585)It is when wouldhigh schoolbe wellhelpif ourothersmodernfollowedday needs.suit. It

people forget the continuity of the long—/. A. W.

struggle of mankind upward that they tend BURMA SURGEON present. of the to be careless

(Gordon hisstate has been Colorado Dr. Hafen W. NortonS. Seagrave.Company,Illustrated.New Born and torian years, for nineteen such has W. and as

had access to many firsthand sources that York. 295 pages. $3.00.)

authentic. adIn doubly book his wife courageously and

the originally coauthor, a Woodbury into Dr.pioneeredSeagrave he Burma, where knew

writin experiences has Raised dition,ofmakeUtah,the had wide doctors before long were needed, World ing editing. and on the horizon. II had loomed WorkWar

reason of the pictures and the biograBy ing ceaselessly, to train he managed material, addition in to the complete to build nurses a hospital and finally where is attractive In Utah phicalindex, native at the the book same malaria, fight the dysentery, he could time that it is historically accurate.—-M.C.J. plague, and other diseases which were harthe enBurmese. tremendous The HUMBOLDT, HIGHROAD rassing THE

fires the doctor ergy of us with a boundless OF THE WEST (Dale L. Morgan. Farrar and Rinehart, appreciation for the obstacles which he overNew York. 1943. 374 pages. $2.50.) came.

the of Dr. war, Seagrave, outbreak With in rising the Humboldt, ago Nevada YEARS jIFTEEN The in corps, the commissioned medical major a

hole, in sink ending a mountains and introwas Milk Morning in unbelievable almost performed operations

It litde is river. carries of not a much persisting of the face bombings. Japanese as of people Utah to the duced its is less there banks. water, beauty on and join Finally historic to retreat the he had that interIts product quality highest not would the geology and chemistry Stilwell, leaving with General and Burma

its course reader. But, general the est along quality, This made. could be his the through hazardous making way vast drama, enacted a has been human to jungle India. finerflavor Milk's plus Morning servled for the to conquest which human

it reading, deserves wide which book The it part the of ice most popuof Utah's America. major Western soon made will get Dr. of Seabecause undoubtedly

this stirring, told wisely the author has So milk. prolar With evaporated inimitable intense his grave's and humor of story ventureromantic, neversurpassed his satisfy- a which sympathy work make Wellsin plant at duction Our their in search of who, and some men women ing experience. }. C. M.

in capacity, of full ville, happiness, peculiar at appeared brand two Utah, modern plants were opened at HumboldtIt is a magnificentterritory. story, here exceptionWINTER(Bernice Richmond.HARBORIllustrated. Henry

Stockton, California, and Sunnyally well told. With full respect for historHolt and Company, New York.

side, Washington, to meet the ical accuracy, it preserves the human ele211 pages. $2.50.)

surges sets forth the emotional ment, and the as sea breezes that blow in the Refreshing everincreasing demand the exof the story most one that made little this this lighthouse, about Maine States. Morning 11 Western citing in story history. The human to restore of a of book peace world does much

is attractively told here conquest western Milk, Utah's only homeowned to and constructiveness most need when we trappers, gold picture. Explorers, as one be reminded values the of and truly of home a milk, is today evaporated

all colonizers, seekers, bows, and make their family ties as oldfashioned well as neighraised and great industry—born is settle to their places. There down no borliness.

in Utah. better brief word picture of the pioneer From her earliest childhood, the author

of the history intermountain and West, else the had than anything desired more to own to California. gold trail has author The a lighthouse. this deAfter her marriage,

piece of work. exceedingly an done good sire that so she an obsession, became much

illustrations the breathe Blanch's Arnold that passed obsession to her husband. same

Old West. excitedly, read, that they they could When

of the companion book is a worthy The a purchase lighthouse with for $2,000-—and

series. Icrninl MOMING Rivers of America W. J. A. less"four acres or disof "more land—she

forthwith, patched her she being husband YOURSELF at the time in engaged organ playing MILK PREPARE (TuleenPorter-Houston. Scott Foresman

for then running Town, Our York in Newthe cents.) and 96 York. 298 pages. Co., New the transacted. purchase and was How

series of physics experiments with they made the place habitable makes en- A practical applications; really a physics vious reading for landlocked people. laboratory work book. It is the type of—M. C. /.

614 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Msmmmtimm Somewhere in the Middle East Texas land harboring mission, a the TexasElder A. Widtsoe John IN Saint Latterday military camps, many President of Delta PhiGrand

service men have found the value of the

Dear President Widtsoe: training that the program of the church

great located given. In has camps many [organ of the Delta Clarion Phi copy the of branches organized from distancesMY fraternity] missionaries returned the of the tired from the and church, worn men,

I here. get have did long but acame way gather routine of the day, activities and

minutes reading enjoyable andspent many to joyfully together worship.

... its contents.rereading to times at orders seem would Traveling

Great joy is felt when two Delta Phi disturb the growth and attendance at meetmembers get together. The other day I ings, but the continual shifting seems to In a jiffy

detail as working onwas degree my regular K.P. bring out a greater and develop of transform milk in serving particular assignment was beenMy leadership latent that have powers

the tea. Cup after cup was placed before dormant so long. into delicious

me to be filled and refilled. When the line In the camps where L.D.S. men hold

was through and I sat down on one of the their own services the monthly attendanceempty cans to rest a minute, a lieutenant has been from six to eight hundred men. RENNETCUSTARDS

if there asked behind were andcame up me the visit Saints in the to with unable Men glass of or dawdle over a Your Jane John may tea. else to besides drinkanything Even simply church, the have of branches it will eat milk, to love they but when made therethe trucks but water were empty, them. the with church brought will eggless rennetcustards. into So your

it I still in offered canteen so somewas to is my the mission of biggest problem The all will family! of the get bodywhole Theyto him. are. parthe L.D.S. where The men know proteins, minerals food vitamins building and

that believe to led at ents I have been home the as idea about have same "You the of rennet more! For enzyme mflfc—and

themselves. Yes, of I the care take can said. tea,"in drinking men nothave digest, to milk easier to eat. fun more makes

is in cases, the larger true that but many it, coffee either,"tasted "I've nor never either: rennetcustards Make invitation to acmajority need an become after a of answered, couplehe and more Rennet "Junket"Already Powder sweet-—with in tive. stationed camps been have Men canteen, the continued, fromswallows he flavors. grocers. Six favorite ened. At

their for of the this duration in mission "It's religion."against my Rennet "Junket"Tablets—sweetened. Not of training, L.D.S. unaware and were any taste. to flavor sugar, rennet Each Add interest, naturally and aroused This my service. desserts, 4 or 5 rennet or -custard tablet makes

I religion to?"belong asked, do you "What nearly a quart the batin have been wounded who Men

ice of cream. 12 amm 1 said. "I'm he a Mormon!"tlefields in stationed hosare and who now:, in tablets packSsP.

visited grocers the pitals in mission are the At being by I!"response. joyous was "So am my

druggists. age.and material local has brethren. reading Good Benjaof Stewart, Lieutenant was He

their for comfort. provided been

'1943 British misto "The themin, Utah. been had He Copyright'Junket'Folks,"the of handbook, and Book The Mormon I in of labored whilesion Canada. was He Hansen's

Principles the been have Gospel, LaboLittle of Inc., the Chr.ratory, I Phi while chapter Delta ofthe was "U"Falls, (In Cangifts the to richest that could given ever be ada, Toronto,N.Y. Ont.) Salt pathsof from the Lake two "Y."Our

in service. the never Gratitude can men the encircled here world, and methad we

in expressed words. be in the the desert of Middle MorEast-—two the of church have members made The It Phis. really Delta two was andmons

shift missionary a peacetime from work to part great. time both came we When

to missionary wartime work. change The friendthe fully of realized power more

the missionof corps through comes huge lies in gospel, the the that loveship and aries forces the country. of in the Never now Phi. that Delta permeatessame

possibilities there of the before been have

May the Lord bless you. preaching the gospel that we have today.

We are reaping the reward today of leaderSincerely, ship seeds sown years ago. Pvt. Donald W. Hemingway Elder John L. Weenig & it

BA CK THE IRON MEN OF A TTA CK (Concluded from page 600) where men vied with each other mer was it possible for you to get back so in marksmanship, rockdrilling, weightIt contests. lifting, similar and wassoon?"BUY U.S. the contestants havof one was "Well, you sec, Brigham, you told us while

it was important so we never stopped ing considerable trouble lifting the rockto plant flowers in them snowdrifts that Adam said, "Joey, why don't you WAR BONDS along the trail,"answered Joseph. get in and show him how to toss that

Brigham arose. That short sermon rock around?""Joey"looked at him

had brought him back to himself and but never answered a word.

blood, wonderful the angered man everyAdam's Scotch This he wasnow the time out All You Can! much. so their for He shookone loved "Remember he said,

hands and said, "It takes men with conat Bridger when you picked a big solstitutions of iron to accomplish what dier up, raised him high above your you have done. Now go home, get head, and tossed him away like he was

some hot soup, go to bed, and stay there a feather, and you did it when you until you are fully rested and some day were half starved and chilled to the tell me how you did it. Now the Lord very bone. Why won't you do it now?"

bless you,"The men walked away Joe looked at him and said quietly, fully repaid for their efforts. "Sometimes the Lord gives a person

added strength to meet any emergency, This is a

Tt is doubtful if this story would ever just like he gave us courage and strength GLADE CANDY CO.

have been told had there not to face that terrible cold in Echo CanWartime Advertisement been a celebration the following sumyon."

QCTOBER, 1943 615 CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE—JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH,

CHAIRMAN; JOHN A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH F. MERRILL, CHARLES A. CALLIS, AND HAROLD B. LEE

NEW PRIESTHOOD COURSE OF STUDY "The Gospel Kingdom // "A Powerful Man"will soon be book to the addedA new to regard Brother With Taylor, John*"* already shelf impressive of priest- I will say that he the has one of hood study courses. It is The Gospel est intellects that can be found. strongHe is a

Kingdom, selections from the writings powerful man, and we may say that he and discourses of John Taylor, third is a powerful editor. But I will use a

president of the church, who from the term to suit myself and say that he is his of conversionday vigorously emwrote.one of the strongest editors that ever his giftedployed forceful orapen and

intory faith, the defense of defense a did President 'T'hus Brigham Young,that illumination. always was an

1 in describe 856, Taylor, John who printed, being the will book Now to succeed President was and Youngshortly be available to the at church third the president become of thelarge. will Melchizedek priesthood The church. Melchizedek priesthood The it their asuse next course of study the church, of to study about writthefollowing completion of Teachings ings this and of sermons conman who the this Prophet year. Joseph Smithof tributed the to so early church, much will be as work The new welcomed

find brief a inbiographical review maya collecto companion the onevolume citement to further his reading abouttions the writings of and the sermons of life, in preparation for the study coursepresidents the of already church pubin 1944.

lished: the Teachings Prophet Joof

seph Smith, Discourses of Brigham John Taylor was born November 1,

Young, Gospel Doctrine (Joseph F. 1808, at Milnthorpe, Westmoreland

Smith), and Gospel Standards (Heber JOHN TAYLOR County, England, the son of James and

J. Grant). There is a onevolume life Agnes Taylor. He was reared in the

of Wilford fourth president Woodruff, THE GOSPEL KINGDOM Churchman joinedof England,the Methodistsbut as anda youngwasof the church, and miscellaneous published writings, and of Lorenzo Snow, Table of Contents soon appointed a local preacher. In

1832 he emigrated, and after a shortfifth is president, there a onevolume Book One: Some Latterday Saint residence in Brooklyn and Albany,biography but not yet any singlevol- Philosophy

ume collection of his writings and serWhat is Mormonism? New York, settled in Toronto, Canmons. Eternalism ada. Here he joined a group who

The Gospel Kingdom has been comThe Concept of Godhood diligently searched the scriptures. They

piled in a thoroughgoing search among Revelation came to the conviction that the churches

Truth of the departed order from had the day sources Dr. by G.many DurHomer Man corrupt. consequently and of God, were associateham, professor political of Nature of the Universe The this conviction fasted they andscience, State Agricultural Utah ColPhilosophy, Science, and Religion With

if that the prayed church a had on Godlege, also the made who Heber J.

Grant collection, Gospel Standards, Book Two: The Gospel Message earth, he would send a messenger to

now being read throughout the The Gospel of Jesus Christ them, and shortly Parley P. Pratt came

Dispensations of the Gospel The letter of introduction a with a from is leschurch. preparing Dr. Durham of Mediation and Atonement The acquaintance. mutual heard Having outlines asson the to serve a guide to Christ stories the about Smith and Joseph in their priesthood studyMelchizedek Restored Gospel The

all the of more Book he was Mormon text. in these,of the First of for use

January, will be published in this deBook Three: Priesthood: The cautious in investigating Mormonism,

of God in 1836. but baptized he was in the issuepartment the Government of November

Priesthood of Nature The 8, will the outlinesEra, 1838, revelato continue Lord, and apJuly by On Melchizedek Priesthood The in called tion to the apostlepear regularly Elder advance. Taylor months two Priesthood Aaronic The

As the table of contents reproduced Priesthood and the Government of ship. He was ordained to that office

here will indicate, The Gospel Kingthe Church December 19, 1838. During the sumdom promises to be an effective book, a Succession in the Priesthood mer of 1839 Elder Taylor left Nauvoo

book with balance and unity and extraPriesthood Questions and Problems for Liverpool, England, where a group vitality. called labor. of toordinary the In organization apostles had been and Four: Book Kingdom The of God

thestatement, into introduced will Ireland gospel its pages be be found to He of Meaning The the Kingdom of God as dramatic as were the years of John On the Role and Purpose of the and the Isle of Man, extending his laTaylor's life. The new study course Church bors into Scotland. He corrected the

will afford the priesthood membership The Meaning of Church Membership proof sheets of the Book of Mormon, an unusual intellectual excitement. It Missionary Work (Proselyting the British edition, and with President

will be a worthy successor to the TeachKingdom) Young and Parley P. Pratt prepared

the of The Kingdom: The Economy Itings the the the edition of Smith. Prophet and published Joseph of United Cooperation and Order

will Saints'not long will Latterday be before After Book. Taylor John Hymnfirst the of TithThe Kingdom: Economy

returning to gosbe apheard quoted in 1 841 widely on, he was Nauvoo many ing, Revenues, and EcoSome pel questions. The priesthood and the nomic Problems pointed to a committee to petition Conchurch generally look forward to the Some Principles of Education gress for a redress of the wrongs the

appearance of The Gospel Kingdom, (Concluded on page 625) Saints in Missouri had sustained. He

616 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA edited the last three volumes of Times science, whatever the fortunes of the and Seasons and was editor of the Naufuture may be. Our concern should not QLoa6l. QnAiMJudwtv

food, with but be alonevoo Neighbor. a friend Always and also with clothNeeded: Good Teachers ing, shelter. fuel, bedding,close and associate of the Prophet Joseph

increasing of attendance HP'he methodSmith, at Carthage he was 27, on June priestof Melchizedek The members * in the group classes and is one quorum Prophet 1 844, when Joseph and toshould be so knit quorums his hood brother Hyrum Smith were killed. John gether in the bonds of fellowship that that should be given special attention.

Taylor himself was seriously wounded they become "of one heart and one Reports indicate that generally throughand left for dead. In the fall of 1846 mind."out the church the attendance is low.

he was back in England on a mission, This provokes the question of the combringing a company of British Saints to mittee's responsibility in this matter.

Salt later. valley beLake is poor year In a

calledhe 1849 QhuhdfL S&hvicsL Toocausefrequentlythe lessonattendancepresentation is poor, mission was to a upon France, and while on this mission, succeeded in Genealogy and Endowments exciting little interest. The chairman of

publishing instruction the class the of committee should Book in both Mormon in activity the church /Genealogical it is effortFrench and see possible to that every German. sustained was He

spiritual indication of **"is usually anas president to of provide each group the church and made quorum October 10, 1880, led it valiantly during the persegrowth and development. It denotes an with an instructor who will be able to

cutions of the antipolygamy crusade, interest in temple work and a faith in establish and maintain a deep interest and died July 25, 1887, in the "underthe fundamentals of the gospel. on the part of the members of the class

ground"at Kaysville, Utah. An active genealogical group in each in the subject matter discussed. Interest

will priesthood of the much class usually increases do quorum in proportion to life. an eventful His was spirituality the enrich The Gospel to maintain participation. particand Obtaining general givesKingdom it dramatic utterance. important church of its members. This ipation discussion on the by members

activity should be encouraged and exof the class would do much to increase tended in the quorums. A solemn oblithe attendance. The committee should

Qu&uwl Qui}. gation rests upon each bearer of the see to it, then, that they obtain an inpriesthood to trace back his ancestral structor who can motivate such particChould the entire proceeds o/ a quolines with a view to providing the neipation and provide constant opportu-

*** rum Welfare project go into the cessary information before temple work nity for it.

Welfare fund? can be done.

The church service committee is

Quorum projects undertaken to meet charged with the responsibility of keepWelfare quotas should first meet ing alive the interest of quorum memThe Square Dance in bers church to encourage and work the assigned obligation. Whatever Charles professor of Hart, "pROM J. in the farreaching participation proor moneys—remain physical athletics, education and salvation. for man's provided gram fullyproceeds—goodsover and the above requireWelfare Brignam University, the Young come indifferent are can be who now Manyment to be devoted ends. may quorum following suggestions recrefor quorum interesting the to begin and persuaded Projects in undertaken addition to

: ation their fascinating compiling of workWelfare assignments are of course entirely for the benefit of the quorum itself. genealogies. A survey of quorum mem- "During the winter months, beginning

ers will probably disclose a lack of in October or November and ending in interest in this important church activiMarch, I suggest a dancing party to be (P&MonoL U)sd$ntoL ty.such Whatevera project willsuccessstrengthenis attainedand spirin heldpriesthoodonce orpartytwice iseachheldmonth.twice Ifeachthis

Prepare For Winter itualize the quorum. month, I suggest that one of the eveRemember that every priesthood nings be devoted entirely to oldtime

Ceed1943andhaveharvestalmosttimepassed.for Thethe Lordyear bearermonths istoaskedbe endowedduring theor nextsecuretwelvethe squarecoming dances.back. EastTheof thesquareRockies,danceparis

has blessed us with bountiful crops. endowment for one man who has passed ticularly in Colorado Springs and north

While there is yet time, the personal beyond. as far as Ft. Collins, thousands of peowelfare committee of every Melchizeple are dancing quadrilles. As soon as

dek priesthood quorum, under the dithe group learns four or five quadrilles, rection of the quorum presidency, they yearn to get together and dance should check with the family of each them and repeat them. Square dancing

quorum member and make sure that on the eastern seaboard is particularly provision is made for the care of that popular. Our communities could defamily, for at least until next harvest, velop expert 'callers'and these callers

and where possible for a longer period. would be in great demand. It would

take little equipment and organization not the next may what know We sure and it would meet I am with much will bring, season nor the long how sisters. favor brethren by the and

will cause earth the Lord forth to bring "If evening one de- a month were its in strength. that perilknow We do to square dancing, evethe other for voted ous are ahead. days Let care us so

what we now have and exercise such ning might be devoted to a party keeplove and consideration for each other ing in mind the seasons of the year. In

that we will have no qualms of conOctober they might hold a Halloween party, November a Thanksgiving party, December a Christmas or New

A THRIVING HOME GARDEN ON A CITY LOT Year's party, and so on for each month during the year. Different organizaIn residential the heart section of Ogden's Elder and

J. Heiner's ft., tions within the priesthood might take Heber Mrs. garden ft. by measures 35 100

are growing looking very potatoes, on which fine,""and the responsibility these of sponsoring string beans, carrots, cucumbers, chard, corn, green parties. it might be a In small wards celery, onions, tomatoes, potatoes, lettuce, sweet even and

peanuts. Lucille, Mrs. Heiner few a and daughter, are joint their of the priesthood party and

seen picking here pole Heiner, treasurer Elder city beans. larger in partners and might wards they high is after pickling and Stake councilman, Ogden

cucumbers. The garden has furnished the family with all break the quorums up into smaller

vegetables fresh the spare. they need and to much The

family's begroups."in persist doing comment: which "That we

comes easy to do."{Continued on page 618)

OCTOBER, 1943 But the campaigner, we repeat, must up the struggle to keep our youth from

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO be wise, tactful, resourceful, and prayacquiring tobacco or liquor habits and help proof to our adults who have them to and must be persistent erful. He COLUMN abstinence. attain discouragement. His reward Conducted by against

Dr. Joseph F. Merrill will be the satisfaction of seeing his After this war smoking and drinking

converts proud and happy that they among the adults of America will be have become free from enslaving and far more general than ever before.

Excuses Are Confessions expensive habits. Nearly all the men and women now in

"Decently we read in a quarterly reBrethren, excuses are confessions of the armed services will return as smok- * port from a priesthood quorum that weakness or laxity. Let there be no ers—many as beer drinkers. Among the

"No contacts have been made on the confessions in carrying on this "camexceptions we hope will be the vast liquortobacco issue because it is felt paign of persuasion"by the personal majority of Latterday Saint boys and... (addict) members could be aided contact method. girls "who went to war."

more by exemplary living by the officers So because the impact of worldly and members than by preaching to Weory Not forces upon us is becoming greater and this of the September column Era Tn ourselves frank statementthem."This strengthen greater and is a we must 1 the question losthese get asked, glad to it so was to correspondingly overcome that we couldwe were "Are we

do something to correct a misundering the fight?"We are facing tremenforces. This requires us to be more

standing. dous odds, looking from a worldly energetic in our campaign work, more

"Preaching"the harmful effects of standpoint. But from a Mormon point careful in the examples we set, and

using liquor and tobacco to addicts has of view we must not, we cannot, give more persistent in our home teaching.

not been advised in quorum or public meetings since the campaign began. We

have recommended that care be taken Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study to offending or embarrassing avoid any user or tobacco. so November, December, 1943 of liquor To do

wouldWe likelywere handicaponce askedour byefforts.a quorum Text: Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith.

president if we did not know "it was

Discuss: NOTE delicate carry toa hard and job"on

attend uninspired atdangers 1. What will instructors particularly please Classthe liquortobacco with adcampaign

interpret to tempts mysteries? this issue that out'contains lesson observedicts the "personal contact method."by 2. Distinguish or the between image lines both December. for and November replied, do, "Certainly everyas weWe beast actual in beast an and seen a of figure will issue the pub- "Era"of The November

in thisone engaged of type vision. work lish outlines the lessons for January from

knows."And to succeed the campaignnew text "The Gospel Kingdom"{see page 3. Define the proper attitude to take toer must employ all the tact, resourceful616), and succeeding outlines will then ward a vision the clear understanding of

ness and wisdom he can command. His regularly appear two months in advance inwhich God has not made known.

will better one. stead This accommodate ofjob at turn. challenges every him 76 LESSON distant inconvenisometimes quorums now the heartening this thing But about Existence of Purpose The mails. Outlines through enced delayed it is itjob that done. can be has And Teachings the Prophet Joseph Read of in available time should for be ample now

it fact that is delicatebeen done. The 25562-68, 56, Smith, 217, 220, 226, pp. sesclass instruction the use in preparation

or difficult is no reason for not doing it. sion at monthly leadership meetings, and 256, 369, 374375.

Many of the most important things in class leaders and the priesthood member- 1. What is the purpose of existence?

life are difficult to do. To live the gosship generally may appreciate the additional (56, 220)

for the here- a. of knowledge Need time. preparationpel requires struggle watchfulness and

* * * after against weaknesses temptations. and b. result the Life not of chance 75 LESSON It oftenHabits are hard to overcome. the earth prove heavens and c. The Beasts Mysteries Visions of the andis for harder to a smoker much give up Being of Almighty power an

his habit than for a friend to persuade Read Teachings of the Prophet Joseph d. Sacred scriptures represent God's

him to do it. Smith, pp. 287294; Revelation 1:1-3; 4:1; own handwriting

Yes, many necessary jobs are diffi- 5:8-9; 6:1-4; 13:1-9; Daniel 7:16. e. Just recompense and righteous rethe for obedient ward subject speculation great of (287) 1. A hard, of very but cult, some them only

the to through 2. Blessings obedience a. of Division sentiment opinion and recoilweaklings them. Strong from laws (6265) b. of heaven essential at the present Not very readily accept the challenge tomen a. resurbrings of Christ Atonement day

tackle them. And we have strong men c. Understood only by revelation rection of all mankind (62)

Weas officersare confidentin our priesthoodthey will notquorums."let us 2. In knowledge(292) there is power (288) b. kingdomFaithful admitted to his glorious

down,"i.e., fail in their duty to their a. God has greater knowledge, hence 3. All will be judged of their works (66)

faith the kept have a. Those greater who power been unfortunate havemembers who

to glory anof Promises weight and b. to cast b. Correct needed knowledge to acquiredenough the have smoking

cient Saints spirit contentious conceited out and habit.or drinking are in These men gifts best c. of heaven's Salvation c. one of Pelatiah case (288) The Brown

help.need of sympathy and to d. Daniel's beasts vision mankind (68) of the four

Why is the "personal contact"meth- (Dan. 7:16) d. "For every opportunity granted

od so persistently urged? There are 3. John's vision of futurity (289290) them they are to give an account"

several reasons among which are: a. Whenever God gives a vision of 4. Salvation through knowledge (217)

( 1 ) Experience shows personal conan image or figure or beast he is a. "A man is saved no faster than he

gets its knowledge"interpretato reveal responsibletact usually the effective of most way us b. give to knowlRevelation needed tionsecuring response, personal especially things of the of edge b. God revealed are not not If meaning weif difficult is the response to make. (2) soul be must with its dwell for interpretaheld accountable God the 5. To

It is the timehonored and most successtion pure (226) ful missionary method. Hence many 4. Varied creatures in heaven (291292) 6. Happiness the object and design of

quorum members are practiced in the 5. Preach repentance and let mysteries existence (255)

method. (3) It puts the worker up alone (292294) a. Path to it is virtue, uprightness,

obedience faithfulness, holiness, and first a. gospel principles of the Declareagainst situation real a enables and him

to b. keep commandments b. visions beasts of with Must know meddle Neverto his suit technique to vary the personthem subjects understood not andality conditions the of addict. and (4) Discuss: c. devil last allows the In days God

It is practically nearat-hand the a and is right."1. requires "Whatever dethe to to God "to give beast power

only effective method that will succeed stroy the inhabitants of the earth"Prove this from examples.

in this campaign. (Rev. 13:1-8) {Concluded on page 625)

618 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

WARD BOY LEADERSHIP

COMMITTEE OUTLINE OF STUDY Qfoidh, SpsuakiL, StctndaAjcL QuuftiWL

NOVEMBER, 1943 CUvomL dfax&uL, 7942

Text: HOW TO WIN BOYS A total of 791 Standard Quorum ** issued have been by the Awards Chapter XI: Handling the City Boy for the presiding year 1942. bishopric

Note: It is urged that rural as well as While the record of 791 awards for

city wards give full consideration to the the year 1942 represents a decrease of lesson, Handling the City Boy. Next 151 from the 1941 record of 942

month's outline will be devoted to the subawards, it is felt that this is a splendid ject, Handling the Rural Boy. record in view of unprecedented condiQuotations from the text: tions with which we have been con-

1. The city boy dodges street cars, rides KENNETHB. fronted and with which we are now

his bicycle in traffic, has the best of DONE contending.

school equipment as a matter of course. It is interesting to note that the 1942

The city boy goes to a large and userecord was made up out of 106 stakes ful school library. In wellto-do homes as compared with 107 stakes for the

there will selected be a carefully home larger of 1941. record much

library. in Briefly, his nonetoo- own is still Standard The Quorum Award the city lad statement, modest "knows

priestin the feature Aaronic a major all I/'enneth is a priest in the Mountain answers."the

the church program. Throughout hood Stake. A 2. House Sugar View Ward, several times a week, He sees movies

is reflect evidence that 1 943 will an in perhaps. he there too often delivered which a talk At least some He recently

activity. excellent in this record Let us cases. classroom must And your his the of of as comdescribed Word A B C's

It relax our vigil. not is our bounden the against pete screened thrill of in letter the alphaeach For Wisdom.

pirates, in spite Hollywood to cowharder, of the duty work stories—the tobacco reason bet a he good gave why gangsters. boys, and for salvation handicaps, the our of used. not should be

I this carefully! to try give must 3. Read youth.

letter the he to he came "X"When truth. the city whole you boy The is It stake that and recommended beginphrase or what wondered word color, action, wants drama. many And recthe to look committees ward now

fine this letter Bible ning are be students could employed with teach them who all of the Aaronic ords of quorums is criticnot that geared way. This no this determinafor reason describe to a strengthen priesthood. Let's our weak truthfully of ism them. I'm pointing But reefforts abstain. tion to were His possible spots qualify every quorum and in failure to the the big teachers who is talk his as this part of and warded the for or Standard group city city to boys. Quorum guide want The follows

it elsenovelty. boys find for want They 1943. Award

where. "Some of you may have wondered

4. In Paul's words, "I beseech you, what I could possibly say under the

brethren,"to get up on your toes! The letter X, and I'll confess that my first QndividuoL faAtitficabi.

city boy is mentally highgeared. He impression was that this was the only

is not always deep, but he is always letter in the alphabet in which tobacco &. GuoahxL

alert. isn't detrimental, but strangely enough

ride "high cannot a wheel"5. You biit that includes invades even bishopric this group issued have HPhe

for to cycle expect be a competitor and thirtyfive in enthe only words some Certificates individual of A 6,500presiding a coasterbrake a modern boy on tire language. patho- a I found English the of Aaronic to members Award speeder! bright care not I do how

you are, you are not in the race at all. logical condition called xerosis. Now priesthood who excelled in priesthood

And people use retarded, ancient forms some brands of cigarets minimize this and other church work during 1942.

of teaching metropolitan boys and condition, so they claim, by their extra This feature of the program is very wonder how it is that the boys are length, or their slower burning, or their popular and young men all over the restless indifferent or or or bored even of nicotine placing the or cork tips, diligently receive to church are working insulting their in mischievous and lack filters, costlier tobaccos, using of or or this year. current for the recognition respect. father's his of home, His shop

tips, nicotine, less or or the menthol this Certificate for requirements The office, his or school, store factory or or—inthe streets,fact everythingthe parks,hetheknowsathleticabout—field butfact nonethat they'reof them streamlined,claim that theyetc., don'tetc., of 1 AwardSeventyfivefor 1943percentare: attendance at

xerosis, in the is described action. has simply cause fathom cannot which He priesthood meeting

that the slow pace of us thoughtsome harsh, dry, dictionary as an abnormal, 2. assignments priesthood Twelve lessly set for him. condition of the mucous and thickened filled

6. City understanding, need today boys

tithing membranes."3. of Full payment teachers. sympathetic wise And the

4. the of Observance Word of Wisin visions those teacher boys same

twenty years as civic leaders and for a life of high idealism and usedom takes this matter of Bible and spiritual fulness. 5. One public address in a church

education as very important in the meeting boy's life. Helps for the class leader: 6. Participation in a church Welfare

life effects the of city 1. Discuss many city boys! beset the Temptations 7. Save project

character, disposition, the and upon turn of the at every them way. Tavpriest- at- 7. in Participation an Aaronic titudes of comparisons boys. (Avoid call drink. these to erns them. And service project hood quorum since in living the country with boys city lads those to wealth see come..

given consideration in will be have must these some "racket."who We

outline.) next month's against influence win out every bad

and, supplanting it with vital, dramat- 2. How may we as leaders best serve the a. Class room discipline

ic, dynamic challenges to youth, train special needs of the city boy in the b. Lesson presentation

him to live above board and to train following: i Activities outside of the classroom

OCTOBER, 1943 619 whomcmMCONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

WARD TEACHERS

The teacher's duty is to watch oyer the church always, and be with and strengthen them;

in the is no iniquity church, neither hardness with each other,,,, - Andneithersee thatlying,therebackbiting, nor evil speaking;

And see that the church meet together often, and also see that all the members i do their duty. (D. & C. 20:5355.)

Ward Jeackers'fv/edSaae for rlovemoer, 1943 "REMEMBER THE SABBATH DAY"TITan cannot wantonly desecrate the Sabbath day with impunity. "Re1V1 member the Sabbath day, to keep it holy,"was not given as advice or

counsel, but as a commandment. God does not speak that he may be heard

for his many words but that he may be obeyed. The efficacy of his divine

mandates is not dependent upon our approval or disapproval.

The breaking of the Sabbath day is being made more easy and more tempting than ever before. Employers offer fancy premiums in extra pay

for those who would disobey this command. Places of amusement make

special efforts to attract those who thoughtlessly, carelessly, or otherwise disregard the Lord's will. Fishing streams and lakes, hunting grounds and

picnic areas are crowded on the Sabbath day. Work on farms and in

offices which could be done during the week is done in many instances on

Sunday.

By desecrating the Sabbath day we may make a few extra dollars, catch a few fish, bring in wild game, harvest our crops, make merry with pleasureseeking crowds, but all of these illgotten trophies are "... like the

NIELS P. PETERSON snow fall in the river—A moment white, then melts forever."We cannot

build an eternal home out of such materials and satisfactions produced and

At eightyfive years of age, Brother experienced in defiance of God's commandments.

** Peterson has served as a ward What then can we do on the Sabbath day and be approved?

teacher for over sixtyfive years and is We can worship God our Eternal Father and his Son, Jesus Christ.

still active in this calling. This is the We can attend our priesthood quorum meetings, sacrament meetings, Sunlongest continuous record in ward day school, and perform other church duties as required. We can study

teaching yet to be reported to the preand reflect upon the divine purpose of life. We can develop our intellects

siding bishop's office. It is believed to and cultivate the qualities of the soul. Through rest, we can rebuild our

be an allchurch record in this activity. physical powers and thus increase the useful period of our lives. We can

pull ditch the proverbial to the of out having "ox"avoid on Sunday by reflection serious of moments few A ditch the the during set out of week. excan keeping the proper him We faithful this servlong of periodupon in homes. our amples great attentionice the will bring to our

is that It dispositions the recognized energies of abundant and youth the Lord's tocontribution work made themselves intellectual the activities to quiet lend not of always and may sixtyfive this faithful For man.by respectful elders. attitude this reverent a their and However, holy toward

post. at his has Surely stayedyears he just is them. are enjoined this equally as upon They bound day much by

isthis challenging. record those generation. the as are older of injunction divine

reading the careful recommend We day, to the Sabbath keep it holy."It is our Father's "Remember

the followingof account Brother It is our to duty obey. Peterprivilege to command.

son gives of his activities and of his ideas on ward teaching

I have been a ward teacher since 1878 struct and teach our own people first. Inhe will carry this message in the right spirit.

and have served under seven bishops. The structions are prepared under the direction

method of ward teaching has been greatly of our general authorities and we, as ward In addition to this long period of years. during the past 65improved The to these carry willing should be teachers, service as a teacher, Brother ward for topics are in prepared our whichway us. to those It has nearest been to messages Peterson has been a of the member is helpful the subjectsus and today very trying in to experience work among do my stake high council for thirty years. He time. in of periodcan covered be a short their belief that strong the world of people

Our brethren in earlier years made their is that all one needs to do is to believe in was a member of the presidency of the calls too personal and were in the habit of the Savior, and he will be saved. It is, first M.I.A. organization in Richfield.

visiting too long. I have always appreciated therefore, more difficult to teach this group During the winter of 187475 he asinstructions of bishops,the given our one by faith. our of those sisted in than own the building St. of the George

late Christensen.the in- C. His Heber I people, are sorry and a busy am Temple. We

fifteenstructions were: minutes "Stay and that brethren best of informed our many service His as teacher a has ward is Italk feel subject."that the only on is It teaching. are too to a ward go busy been continuous for except the time for teachers counsel today. wardgood splendid that sure matwork, and no spent to a mission on Denmark. It is belief field this ter that for largest feel in doing our one humble how I mayam my

missionary work is among the descendants work, he will benefit by learning the teachBrother Peterson is a member of the of our pioneer families. As members of the ings of the gospel and in becoming more Richfield First Ward of the Sevier

priesthood, it is our most sacred duty to inclosely associated with his fellow men if Stake.

620 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA others to bury their afflicted comrades, without coffins, and several in the same grave.swmhcfJUcaJL

TJTe suffered through the Missouri persecutions with Colonel and was surHinkleNATHAN TANNER, SR. George* when M. Hinkle

oLast durvivlna member of mobrenderedand thebetrayedcity of JosephFar Westand tootherthe jL.ion A Lamp Nathanleaders intowasthetakenhands ofprisonerthe mobocrats.and at

By E. Pingtee Tanner, a grandson eleven o'clock that night two men came

into camp carrying a man named Cary, 7T t the death of Nathan Tanner, Sr., who had been killed. One of these

A-\ in 1910, there were at least three proved to be Nathan's father, who was ** things in his connection with the so smeared with blood Nathan did not church that stood out prominently: recognize him until he spoke.

( 1 ) He was the last surviving memHe further states that they were kept ber of "Zion's Camp,"the band of men under guard until arrangements were to leaderthe Missouri under wentwho leave that country. made to "While we

reinstate ship to of the Prophet Joseph arrest,"under he continues, were "we their brethren on their lands in Jackson were compelled at the point of the

County. NATHAN TANNER, SR. bayonet to sign deeds conveying all our

(2) At his death he lacked just a property to the mob to defray their exninety-six being of years few months for us. to mobbing asked seeing repenses doing, When he what women was at old, that time the probably was and it that voluntary acknowledge was lieved him, finished my the and washing. oldest the church. of member I raised said act deed, hand and and my told the Prophet brethren had The to the belonged church had He (3) it like voluntary looked act and my in that spirit rebellious to camp a due livother thenlonger than person any at the point the deed, of bayonet. done if manifest didn't repent, they by some, ing, the joined in having church 1831 the struck of a with breach gun I was they off die like would the sheep with age. sixteen of years he waswhen He senseless, friends and knocked and my rot. that records Nathan thz of one activities, his of recordkept good a off."carried me distressing scenes imone could of most with interwovenwhich most were

the main events in church history. agine happened when cholera broke out During the time Nathan was under

the guard, burning houses were in mobs fatally affecting camp, brethren many father, pros- a Tanner, His was John pillaging, his wife only and and and slept traveled had together, who and in the state farmer ofperous York New ) living child at daughter ( a were baby learned and to love other. each They in the gospel accepted 1831. hewhen

He sacrificed his fortune to building up died as predicted, and Nathan was a lonely place a mile and a half distant.

the church at Kirtland. At this time delegated with Heber C. Kimball and Not knowing the moment the torch

the church passed through one of its might be applied to the house and she darkest hours; apostasy raged; some of would have to flee for her life, she dug

floor the for her grave a little under left the thethe of twelve quorum

September 3, 1943 baby, the very ill. feared She was who aschurch, and it a man's as much was

life was worth to defend the Prophet, Dear Stake Chairman: child might pass away any time, and she

for prepared emerto be wanted any fled safety, for but had TanJohnwho genealogical ward committee HPhe little gency. permitted was babe The his theirner inspired sons defended and 1 is officially assigned the responlive, to to however, grew womanhood, thisleader. time to Prior Tanner John sibility, the under direction of the

S. the wife and Brown. became of James fitted his sons, of outhad bishopric, two John of conducting the evening J.

and Nathan, and sent them with the meeting on the Fast Sunday in OcFrom them there came a numerous honProphet and others to Missouri in tober. For most wards this will ocored posterity, among whom is Major

B. cur 3, Brown. 1943. on October see Please HughZion's Camp.

all that are arrangements into made sister's his husband, Tanner, Nathan assistant appointed Nathan was comsure a successful most meeting. others waitwere and Lyman, in Amasa Zion'smissary related and Camp

It is our desire to the emphasize ing the for the Prophet and on interesting Hyrum experiences hemany had responsibility the of priesthood to enjust side the of River Mississippi west trip, the associatedduring as he was actively persistently gage in and temwith many who were destined to beple work. The program outline calls prior to the martyrdom, when Joseph

come the future leaders in the church. for a priesthood chorus, made up of had anticipated going west, and Nathan

On one of these trips, the Prophet saw members from all the Melchizedek records his disappointment when Joseph in a vision the high state of cultivation quorums of the ward, to provide two decided to go back, saying that decision for song numbers, leader and a nineteenth the of cost the best blood of the peopleand would inhabit many who to each the a part quorum have on century. districts.the then settled sparsely One program. will chairman ward The they foundday skeleton which a human in the mission a performed Nathan define the close relationship coand

must have been that of a giant, as by operation provided for between this east with Amasa Lyman during the days calculation it appeared to be that of a committee and the quorums. Finally, of Nauvoo, crossed the plains in 1848,

man at least eight feet high. the bishop will, it is hoped, deliver a and located on what was then known

call ringing to to priesthood members In provisions buying for the Cottoncamp the Survey, South as Lyman their to the "put shoulders wheel"and dollar charged aNathan was a gallon Pratt P. Parley accompanied He full the in wood. required duty of themfor soft soap, should which not expedition have do exploring others and on an service. temple

cost than twelve more and onehalf in 1849. southern was Utah He will to that this session pray Wecents. to the Prophet, the missionaries He said to the first to go among to of lasting inspiration. "They prove be one

are charging me too much for soap, Hawaiian Islands, and his journal is whereupon Joseph said, "Don't pay it."Sincerely your brethren, replete with interesting experiences

then said the brethrenNathan natives. had the very sucwas He told Genealogical Society of Utah among couldn't theirhim they clothes wash Indians, cessful in dealing the with and

without it. Joseph replied, "Tell them Joseph Fielding Smith, he and his brothers did their work

to bring their washing to me and I will President nobly in helping to redeem the desert.

do it for them."Some of them did take Archibald F. Bennett, He was the father of a large family, his

their clothes to him, and he washed till Secretary descendants numbering over five hunhis knuckles bled, and some of the dred.

OCTOBER, 1943 621

M.IA.: "Our program includes small'

group singing, and the opera Erminie. This

and considerable work, -J,nnounctn will take latter wemm outside our for singers ln9 THE WARD MUSIC GUILD to ask shall have organization."

1. opening hymn An Schreiner Alexander By dates. the of assignment "Our Chairman: 2. Prayer Organist folis Tabernacle and as programs musical the various for

3. Minutes cornward arranged to Church Committee be Member, (dates by Music lows"assignments 4. and Announcements

: committee)

5. period Class this promise a ago page on month conference Primary 6. Benediction early announceof an made was choir cantata by Easter period class may the of leader The to concern extraordinary of anniversary ment Priesthood

of the guild, member not a be or may it is. service music musicians. Choir HereAour church

class post. music The hold a ward program bazaar the i.e., Ward of committee general music The

material lesson the that festival will see leader Primary setthe for plans has completed church evening service School a period will open Sunday presented, is and well in guild each ting ward music of a up opera M.I.A. be should procedure discussion. of The activichurch. the of branch The and

encouraged everyone with democratic, folin the ties outlined are guild of the Considered to Be Questions express himto opportunity given and the for plans paragraphs, and lowing the during given be should Attention self. this appear will continue to on season quesfollowing the to session first guild will be committee general music The five issues of following in the page

: tions guilds the from to hear pleased indeed is It the Era. Improvement The

last? will Does the Especially tuned 1. their organ was work. concerning When guild to of music the ward purpose

repair? need of it improvereports hear to pleased be s music the to consideration give ward sing on choir the 2. ward does itWhen the result of as a in music church ments solution. their for provide and problems in. department music (See fast days? Constructive guild. the activities of socalls six democratic, for plan The Era, p. 496) August welcome. will be always suggestions latest the the season, the choir during have ciable the meetings 3. ward Does

first of which should take place in the First Guild Meeting: October publications of our church music? For

of it Chapel copies does have example, of of October. third member The week will be plans period, class this P\uring of them the recordings and Anthems, is in of charge bishopric the who ward *- for outlines considered made and Lake of the Salt members by made the set activities time and will music year. RepreChoir? the of Tabernacle program the music

for the getting responsible date be and School the bishopric, Sunday 4. the organizations various of the Do sentatives

guild under way. leader, and choir the themselves on superintendency, express will to be asked

further to cooperate choir members it is What work. pertaining to their The matters rendering the spirit during devotional

will guild a note of the secretary make or branch music guild will ward The music page (See prelude? organ of the

consist of the ward music chairman (a of all problems raised and will see that in July Era, p. 429)

member of the bishopric), the choir they are all kept before the guild until 5. How can the Junior Sunday School be

leader and choir organist, and all the they have reached satisfactory solution. furnished with a reed organ to take the

choristers and organists of the various The procedure may be something like place of the piano which is now used?

auxiliary organizations and priesthood this: The organ is a church instrument,

is not. the piano while this meetof purpose "The in Chairman: music interested others groups. Any next the of is time the and date 6. What of is calendar ward to a ing up make proguild included. also The be may care the meeting? guild Would are the for year. organizations musical theWe the of reality expansion in vides an will refreshments? light to guildWho have orthe of representative to each going ask committee. music activities the of ward those inviting of responsibility the take the outline of give us to ganizations an

attend? should who in mind."Functions has program he

visiting a enjoy present those Would a 7. "I to desire organize chorister: Ward presat guild as the of functions The inmusical its inspect to ward, nearby the of suggestions the to according choir as enumerated visualized be ent may struments? the in found as music committee church

for confollows subject 8. Announcement. The I folder. think Organization'we 'Choir

will meeting the second at sideration for successix 1. a once month meet voices selected carefully start with To should

preSinging."Be be "Congregational third the beginning with to sive months able are as members add and we new

for opinions. Look voice your to pared consideration the for I also in October parts. week various would the balance

material lesson of presented on the designated time mulike a rehearsal to have sic interfere. Bra page will in The Improvement other meetings which no withWe thethis articlemusic onpagethisinsubjectthe Novemberto appearEra.on

2. To take complete responsibility for wish to present a special music service of

improving the quality of music in all the music contained in the new book Chapel church gatherings Anthems."3. To dignify the work of choristers and Ward organist: "Our organ needs tunBelvedere Ward Choir

organists I repairing. suggest also that we ing and

a HPhere should be a choir in every set a time for choir rehearsals that to purchase raising of the fund a begin 4. To

will not be infringed on. This must be new organ later on. I understand the presid- * ward to inspire the congregation

done with the aid of the members of ing bishopric will contribute a like amount, in our meetings of worship. The necesthe bishopric so that we can purchase a $400.00 reed orsary talent for choir directors may

of the plans 5. the music arrange $200.00."if raise only To gan we misin returned found be sometimes

for the season organizations various School: work "Our Sunday are forced of sionaries, many whom of reading the 6. reports to on hear morning. to largely To Sunday Weis desireconfined while activity musical of into some kind music about books and Christmas special programs on give

7. To give every person present an opEaster mornings."on missions.

portunity to express himself concernRelief Society: "Outside of the regular Such a returned missionary is M.

ing the needs and ambitions of his orsinging in our meetings, we wish to encourKenneth Rogerson, who directs the ganization age our Singing Mothers group, and to coBelvedere Ward Choir, Wells Stake.

choir."in a maintaining ward operate attention his good mission gave he Procedure On

is to help objective "Our Primary: larger built that he so choir the to work, the session, muward monthly the At of music appreciation good child have an ability His went. choirs he wherever meeting preside. will sic The chairman hymns, church Primary our through of choir a cheer developed and good half. glees, last a one hour and boys'material. should have other and Wesongs,

voices which twentyfive one hundred choruses."is girls'combined choruses, follows: and as of business order The

622 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in the writer's judgment was the best tained in the new book, Chapel An presiding officers, the choir members, choir in his mission. thems, which was the first presentation and the director are seated quietly in

Again, as noted in all successful afof this program of sacred anthems, so hushed reverence while the organ prefairs, Belvedere Ward Choir is well far as we know. Director Rogerson lude is being played, making it indeed

organized. Fred W. Nichols is presibought thirtyfive copies of the new a call to worship.

dent, Mabel Shelley and Lorraine Johnbook, which he presented to his choir. Belvedere Ward Choir sings splenson are organists, Jenkyn Powell is the The choir is cooperating with the didly in tune. If, at a rehearsal, there

librarian, and Zella Adams is secretary. bishopric and organists in putting into is any outof-tune singing, the separate

Bishop C. E. Schank values his choir operation the suggestions made on this chords of the music are sung in very

highly. page in a recent issue of the Eta conslow succession, so that all ears can

Last Easter a cantata, Victory, by cerning a devotional spirit at the beadjust the pitch critically.

Wildemere, was presented. Another ginning of the sacrament service. The Rehearsals on Wednesday evenings

cantata is planned for Christmas. On from eight to ninethirty o'clock begin

June 27 the choir sang the program conBELVEDERE WARD CHOIR on time and end likewise. A. S.

BEYOND WAR

{Continued [com page 602) death. The will to live is greater than effort. The thought that two or

their own future."This faith canthe will to die. This will cannot be three million young American men

not be lost in the greatest crisis of lost in the turbulence of a terrifymay lose their lives on the battlethe nation. ing period of social change. Young fields of this war cannot be consolThe answer lies in the realization boys not yet in the armed services ing to anyone. The spiritual probthat politics and fighting alone canmust exercise greater faith than lem of these and their loved ones

not win this war. War is a means to ever, must resolve more than ever must remain unanswered and unan end, a servant of social change; it to remain loyal to their values. They solved for the moment. But more

represents the breakdown of the demust attend their classes in school, than 125,000,000 Americans now mocratic element of discussion in they must go about their daily busiliving will live in a postwar world.

Thuman affairs. War is not a cause, ness, they must unswervingly purWhat kind of persons will they be?

but stands in relation to it. War is sue their purposes and make their Disillusioned, dissipated human befought on behalf of a cause, on acplans. If any marked change is to ings? Physical wrecks, moral percount of it, because it is violated by come in their attitude, it should be verts, mental cases? Persons with

an invader, an enemy. War is fought found in a more clearly marked hope and faith destroyed, with purto realize certain objectives. But war course of study, more concentrated poseful desire and effective will

for the citizensoldier, in the very effort, more intense application, gone dry? Persons with habits that

nature of things, resolves itself into more attention to duty. Throughout overwhelm them, only to destroy

an end. It requires his full time and this change in attitude, the spark of them? Our government may not be

unwavering attention and unfalterfun that comes from recreation, able to save the two or three million, ing loyalty; it demands his life, if wholesome enjoyment of companionbut may not the more than 125,000,

necessary. ship and spiritual release from duty, 000 persons be saved from sin which

It may be difficult for the soldier need not be sacrificed entirely, but is death? "It is a brave act of valour

to think in terms of more than war it too will take on a more purposeful to contemn death;... where life is

and politics. But this same difficulty meaning. Young girls, too, should more terrible than death, it is then8

need not be experienced in the same go on with their purpose, a purpose the truest valour to dare to live."

degree by the 120,000,000 Ameriderived from life and not death. The

cans who do not, and probably will thought here has been of students, "\17hat has been the value of the not, wear the uniform. This diffibut it applies equally well to everygospel, of truth, of social valculty need not be employed by these one in school or out of it. ues, if they break down in the face

millions as an excuse for riotous livIn thinking about life and not of great danger, in the midst of ing, for wanton abandon, for a death, the thought should be of becrisis? Is one's responsibility for his

"don't care"attitude. yond the war, of life during and beway of life less because he has beyond the war. The army in the come a bombardier instead of a bank

'T'hose behind the lines must think United States may be constituted clerk, a pilot instead of a truck drivin terms of life, not in terms of finally of 10,000,000 men. It will iner, a navigator instead of a school

clude millions of others not in uni- (Concluded on page 624)

Michels. Political Robert Parties: Sociological A the lines, from behind removed form SecPart I, Sir Medici, Religio Browne, the Oligarchical ThomasStudy Tendencies of of Modern

Bacon, 44. Cited Essays Jarrold, {London, in The of FrancisDemocracy 1915), p. 255 retion field of physical combat, but the

Scott, Augusta Scribners, Mary 1908), Barker, York, TErnest Citizen's (Cambridge, (New The Choice

England, University Press, 1937), p. 17 passim. maining an integral part of the war ed., footnote, p. 9

OCTOBER, 1943 623 BEYOND WAR {Concluded from page 623) Have you no faith, as well as reason and soul of man never grows to its full stature political the in or otherwise? Faith the individual stands before us while up willteacher? just be held One as acwill,future the nerves asthe sustains I thinking: are and getting arm of out ifwe what am for his timecountable if death comes liberty of lovers in all of this times sumptions thing."

tomorrow instead of at the end of and places. It has both a spiritual basis

basis. a psychobiological Ideals and not do ten.threescore years and It is strange of indictment a our defeat; lost are they die with not we when the lesson of hour is conThe civilization that only can one in war lose. gather strength, the in even They

intained of the po- a great words bitter is retreat. repulse find of the for hour cause he and There which would

litical scientist: no panic in the citadel of the soul that sees die. The Church of Jesus Christ of

"But,"you may say, "Mr. Merriam, it thea cruellightblow.*even while it reels backward from Latterday Saints has always supseems from your discussion and exposition plied its members and the world a

that libertythat dream, equality a is only for, cause defense the dying worth It is the incumbent church uponis justice that only is only a dream, dream, a the principles Christ. of Jesus in alive of the to of darkness hour keep itselfthat dream."is only democracy a

Well, if you will omit the word "only"and the spark of life; it is the responDoes war give license to abandon

let me define a dream, we shall have a sibility of the church to sustain faith faith and hope, to throw away in a basis for conversation.

Liberty and equality and fraternity and in eternal life. It is the affair of the moment of release the work of years

life think church to of in preparation but not of death for a fruitful on in are these of dreams onejustice—all

life, it issense, of true, earth they the life with not through are not but and for eternal only war but war God?

dreams. "I had a dream that was not all a and beyond the war. And to speak Does it rather not call for a greater

that aredream."are dreams There by way ineffort of firmer resolve? of the church the is to speak a Does and

to time, trueof time place coming from and dividuals dito it. for Dr. it not call purpose, a purpose who belong Johnto place, race as on. There moves the human

are ideals that glimmer before the eyes of A. Widtsoe has said: rected toward life and not death?

as them, toward somethey advancemen of No person can accept full responsibility, "Be strong and of good courage; betimes keeping out farther and moving

reach. And are you against all dreams? personal responsibility, as he should, for the not afraid, neither be thou dis-

I am not. I am a dreamer myself. And are welfare of his work, unless he learns the mayed: for the Lord thy God is

art secret great of selfforgetfulness. I against all ideals? anyou am not. I am We with thee whithersoever thou goest."

learn to forget ourselves in a great must ideals translate strivingidealist to myself, that of Conference Semiannual great surrender cause, to cause. Twelfth to Hundred wOne Theinto realities. not a muckraker who I am Saints, Latterday Octothe of Christ of Jesus Church

the raises his to look towardnever eyes 5, 3, 4. 1941. (ChiIs Merriam, City. 'Charles E. ber Lake Conference Report (Salt Democracy? What

distant mountains.... cago, University of Chicago Press. 1942). pp. 8991 1941), p. 77

THE CHURCH MOVES ON

(Continued com page 607) Elder Stephen L Richards of the Councouncil of the seventy dedicated the

St. Arizona; Johns, Jones, Eastern: Lawrence Henry cil Leland of the Twelve. Ward chapel, Palmyra Stake,

Jenkins, Utah; Logan, JohnDavid Leon EdwinLynn

Star Valley Seminary building, June 27. The Clearfield, Salt Austin, Lilason, Beatrice Lake Utah;

Collinston,City; Alphus Johnson, Don Utah; Inga C Afton, Wyoming, was dedicated April During a recent tour of the Northern Roberts, DaBell.Lindstrom Idaho.

North Central: Edward Eldredge Arthur, Boise, 30, by Elder Charles A. Callis of the States Mission, Elder George Albert

Idaho. Council of the Twelve. the council of the twelve of Smith

Salt States: Louie Lake City; Rae Peck, Northern The Stockton Ward chapel of the Moines, chapels dedicated Iowa; Springville, at DesPhyllis Jensen. Utah; TolMyrtle Gene

California;man, Burbank, Adeline Naomi Kleven. Stake dedicated Sacramento was City, Illinois; Galesburg and Farmer

Salt City. Lake President Levi Edgar March 14, by InFlint, Michigan, and Indianapolis, Asahel Burk, California: Northern Woodruff

Nutrioso, California; Olive Arlene Jenson, Ogden; Young of the First Council of the Sevdiana.

Ott, Utah. Tropic, A.James enty. rebuilt chapel Snowflake S. Northwestern: Wilcox, Frank Ogden; The McCoy Ward E. of Albert Elder the CounBowenLarsen, Salt L. Moroni, Utah; William Thomson, Stake dedicated of the Snowflake was Richfield, Zell City; Pratt Peterson, LyleLake Utah; cil the the of chapel dedicated Twelve 29, Elder Nicholas Escalante, G. August Utah; Munson, Wells, by C. LymanM. Hyde,

of the Stockton Sacramento Ward, City; Allen, Salt Lake TheodoreNevada: Wallace H. assistant the Smith, the council of to

Salt City; Charles Frederick Marston, LakeN. Adams, 14. Stake, on March building twelve. debeen Minneapolis; had Idaho; Lorraine Margrath, C.Arimo, The

Moines, Iowa, branch Des The Rigtrup, Lois Garland,Delia Utah; Coombs, Webb fire 1941. 23, stroyed by NovemberSpringville, Charlotte Rose, Monroe, Utah; Clara chapel States of mission the Northern

Jessie Midvale,Utah; Utah; Evans, Reatha Hazen Lordsburg, Mexico, branch The New dedicated Elder W. was George Smithfleld, 9 by Utah.Deppe, May of the dedichapel Stake Mt. was Graham

Crofts, Orderville, Southern: Utah; Leo Hoyt Albert of the Smith of the Council 12 cated Bishop Marvin O. Ashton by May City; Salt Perschon, Arthur Lake Elda MyrteenJoseph Twelve. bishopric. the of presiding Porter, Central, Sacramento;Holladay, Harold Perry

Arizona; Roland Utah. Hyrum, Lynn Nielsen, building, Stake Welfare Parowan The Liberty Stake, The Second Ward,

Bernards, SpanishAmerican: P. Hilda 21. City, Utah, August was dedicated hall Ogden; amusement and class were Cedar rooms Richfield, Utah; Hunt, David Jess RichardThomas

Salt Franklin Lake City;Bushman, K. Stratton, Provo; dedicated May 23 by Dr. John A.

Preston, Packer,Albert Otto Idaho.

of Widtsoe of the Council the Twelve. Fackrell, Karl Texas: Lyman, Enoch Wyoming. Hill Cumorah Monument

Fisher, Sacramento; Rosella Catherine Western: Bear The Fielding River Ward, Fork, Utah; American D. Christensen, WandaOwen

reguladimout ["Respite and blackoutMiskin, Ucon, Idaho; Catherine Graham, Salt Lake Stake, chapel dedicated was May 23 by

City. - Hill tions the atop the monument President David O. McKay.

lighted. test remains During Cumorah First Shelley chapel, ShelTheDedications Ward

lights the blackouts are used monument Stake, dedicated 30, was MayHpHE cruising pilots in to the to guide area Presiding Bishop RichLeGrand air effectiveness the raid preof check* BranchGoldsboro,chapel Northof the Carolina,Southern byleyards.

States recently dedicated Mission was

Albert Elder Smithby George of the The Arlington Ward chapel, Los togethercautions ininthethesix communitiescounty defensegroupedareas.

Council of the Twelve. Angeles Stake, was dedicated June 6, Even during an actual air raid the auThe Bluffdale Ward chapel, West by President David O. McKay. thorities plan to leave the monument

Jordan Stake, was dedicated April 25, Dr. Joseph F. Merrill of the council lights on as a landmark for friendly airby Elder Nicholas G. Smith, assistant of the twelve dedicated the Corinne craft. The monument itself has no milito the Council of the Twelve. Ward chapel, Box Elder Stake, June tary value to an attacking force and is

The Harvard Ward, Liberty Stake 20. miles from the nearest military objecchapel was dedicated April 25 by Elder Samuel O. Bennion of the first tive.

624 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.: ): ).

THE CHURCH MOVES ON

"Mormon Trails"Preview Stone Mason Dies with the construction of many buildings, including Salt the City Lake and Skillicorn, technicolor Henry Trails,"who as a a "l\flORMON James building, the State County Utah Capiyoung as a stonecutter *'VA featurette of the man labored showing many scenic spots in Utah that have never in the construction of the Salt Lake tol building, the Church Office building, been filmed, as well as scenes that are Temple, died in Salt Lake City, March the Deseret News building, and the familiar, was recently reviewed in Salt 19. He was seventyfive years old. Park building on the University of

Lake prior to nationwide showing. During his life time he was connected Utah campus.

MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD

(Concluded from page 618) a. Must learn how to be Gods our- 4. What hope did the Prophet hold out

2. Describe the reward God has planned selves to mourners?

for his deserving children. b. By advancing from one small degree 5. What is the greatest responsibility

to another God has laid upon us in this world? is the things of of knowledge 3. Why

c. Righteous dead shall be "heirs of this essential to of glorious attainmentGod

joint heirs with and God reward? 80 Jesus LESSON

Christ"(347) Kings and God Priests Unto continue to learn progress Must and 77 d.LESSON Teachings Read of the Prophet Joseph for after death while a great

Joseph Smith and Prophecy 4. The Gods in grand council (348351) Smith, pp. 369376; Revelation 1:6; 3:21.

1. What constitutes a prophet? (See a. "The head God brought forth the 1 The Prophet's last public discourse

Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Gods in the grand council"a. Where and when delivered

Smith, p. 268) b. To bring forth the world and people b. His text Revelation 1:6

a. Divine authority ( Holy priesthood it 2. A plurality of Gods (370373)

(Heb. 5:4; John 15:16) c. Earth not created out of nothing a. "Paul says there are Gods many

b. The testimony of Jesus (Rev. 19: d. Create means organize out of chaoand Lords many"

10; Teachings, pp. 119, 312) tic matter or eternal element (351) b. "But to us there is but one God

c. Foretelling events not always a re- e. Elements are eternal (351, 181, 207, that is, pertaining to us"

quirement of a prophet ( Teachings, 301; D. 6C. 93:35) c. Sectarian notion of three Gods in

one 4, 119) pp.3, Discuss

d. united are True d. the inspired Predictions prophet of 1. meaning—Gods setting for the the Prophet's was What and in agreement (372) true the (Deut. of must come Lord character of sermon on the God?

gradation (373374) of Gods 18:22) 2. is the nature of man's What evolution 3. Thea. lesson the order from of graded the the in of to right A speak name 2. The it? the as described Prophet

intelligences Lord 3. the "creation."term Explain

b. the Father Christ of Jesus "God a. in times ancient and Prophets spoke

wrote by inspiration (II Peter 20LESSON 79 had a Father"(373) c. there father a ever without "Was 1) Immortality of The Man first being a son?"b. inspired sayings became Their the Teachings Prophet of Read Joseph 4. to Those {37A be overcome who Gods 3: II 20-1; (II scripture Tim. Peter Smith, 352362. pp. Rev. 375; 3:21) 16*)

spirit immortal 1. The (352355) a. "Heirs joint of heirs with and God c. the of servants inspired sayings The a. the intelligence or mind which "The Christ"Jesus (374) also the of become today Lord

is possesses coequal (coman b. of to Sons exalted be be God may 68:3-4) 1:38; scripture (D. C. & himself."eternal) with (353) God Gods (375)

Discussion b. "The intelligence of spirits is im- c. "He hath made us kings and priests

mortal"beginning, "had no and revelaof the question continuous Discuss unto God and his Father"(375) will neither end"it have an of givetion reasons the canon and why intelligent than all others Discuss: more c. God in the andscripture be full complete cannot

Bible. (Abr. 3:19) 1. What was the reasoning Abraham

d. Instituted laws to instruct the weakused as to the gradation of intelligences?

LESSON 78 2. Ourer responsibilityintelligences to the dead (355- (Abr.2. Cite3:19)evidences to prove there is a

The Character of God 357) plurality of Gods.

Read Teachings of the Prophet Joseph a. All spirits must obey the gospel in 3. How may a man qualify to become

Smith, pp. 342351. the flesh or in the spirit, or be eventually a king and a priest unto God?

damned (355) 4. How may he in time attain to Godfuneral great sermon 1 A

Salvation provided for our fathers hood? a. subject of the dead b. On the

b. Under "instruction of Almighty who have died without opportunity

God and the gift of the Holy Ghost"of obeying it in life 2. The character of God c. We cannot be perfect without our

a. "This is life eternal"(344) dead, nor they without us

unpardonable sin (357359) The b. are 3. himself once "God was as we

a. after death uThe Gospel Kingdom"be committed Cannot exalted now, and is an man"(345)

fashion, b. Man in the very "created c. Adam his own tormentor and his own {Concluded from page 616) condemner of image and likeness God"

d. "God himself, the Father of us all, c. Remorse comparable to lake of fire The Law of Marriage

brimstone and earth"dwelt on an (346) The Temples and Their Work man can commit the unpardon- "No his laid e. Jesus body and took d. down

it up again as his Father had done able sin... in this life until he Book Five: The Kingdom of God and

before him (346) receives the Holy Ghost"the Kingdoms of Men e. death (361 The second 3. Eternal World Problems know the only wise life—to 4. for Glorious reward true and the righteous Mormonism and the American System God (346347)

(359360) of The Legitimacy Theory Mormon "In my Father's house are many Political Fragments of *This passage in Timothy has been given a. Social and

in the Prophet's revision as follows: mansions"(John 14:2; D. & C. 98: Philosophy

"And all scripture given by inspiration 18) Faith, Trials, and Persecution of God, is profitable for doctrine, for re- b. Joyous reunion with our loved ones Some Practical Advice

proof, for correction, for instruction in c. "You will all know me then"(362) The Prospect and the Future

righteousness."Obviously the translation Discuss:

as given in the King James version is in- 1. What is the true nature of God? Book Six: Some Personal Reflections

correct, as there are many scriptures held 2. What is our relationship to him? and Footnotes to History

sacred by many peoples and religious organ- 3. What is meant by "the unpardonable Joseph Smith the Prophet

izations which are not inspired of the Lord. sin"? Some Personal Reflections

OCTOBER, 1943 625 PIONEER DIARY (Continued from page 599) Saturday, July 17. The cattle in Capt. pass'd some initials inscrib'd on the side

rather this mor[ning] a frightful cirWillard S[now]'s 50 broke out last of a bluff. Trav. 13 ms.

24. We start about 7cumstance occur 'd*—the herd took night—20 yoke of oxen cannot be Saturday, Julyfright & made a rush to the op'ning found. Some men came down the river—come up with the main Camp before

Indians throng upset one with nearlywhere we us—sell letters—say leaves—the were—they

at the I took a view oxen to us. At noon crush'd two wagons, P[ratt]'sof Capt. South Pass—leftthey metseveralthe Pioneersbrethren itsome

glass.wheels for Capt. Willard Snow—caus'd at a ferry 125 m[ile]s beyond Fort of their town thro [ugh] a spy

the death of Capt. K[imball]'s only Laramie. Attended meeting at Sis. Their tents or lodges are made of skins

cow & knock'd several horns from the [Jacob] Gates'. gaily painted—they are across the river

oxen. Sunday, July 18. Had 2 tents plac'd opposite us, Joseph Y[oung] & the

We stop over the day to repair Capt. together, many sis. & several breth. others who went in search of the stray

S[now]'s wagon. The other companies meet. Br. L[athrop] presided. Sis. cattle return with 4 head. Ledges of

go on by rising the bluff which here Grant received the gift of tongues yesrock & cedar shrubbery on the opposite forms a point with the river, except terday in our carriage. side of the river. We cross'd several

in the neighborhood encamp with & Rich Chas. C. who remainsCapt. of brethstreams July 19. Monday, A number of Capt. A. O. Smoot. wood. Trav. No who comes O. Smoot A.us & Capt. ren P.] P[ratt]'s P[arley come from

8 ms. little before point a theup 6 passes in 25 ms. camp, an ox ahead—drive Sunday, July 25. Before we start, br. G[rant]night. [Jedediah Capt. M.] they took from a buffalo which herd on

P[hineas] [President Young's Young, skull which on a buffalobrought me the other side of the supper river—took others of brother] 9 the Pioneers came & "All Pioneers, the written by Sis. well with a season good Holmes—had

like up, truly to our much ms. from 300 only joy—it Sis. in tent. P[arley] sent Love's word bad—are—feedwas clusters the of grapes by &c. dated [inter Quarters]."May wayside—wewas there. for to our com. up Here moveW B the with which main came up Camp is divided b[uffalo] among9th. A large the unites the South with Fork main

yesterday; outstripped stream cross us athe h[undre]d. Platte.

in Division Taylor's [John] encamp & this mor. 15. Started Thursday, July 20. deliAfter Tuesday, July much I Sis. [Patty] 11 o'clock. about saw file itself in double 50 2 each by com. beration, parleying, consultation, grumfor as minutes Sessfions] a few we fright the of of the consequencein—in bling, several hunters sent are &c, to pass'd P[arley]'s meeting Camp. divide A to best think leaderscattle, our for lost cattle search the on & move we letter call'd Prest. read from one & fifties circles when herd, formthe by & first in the 50 on front—encamp Richards. from—the W[iilard] one Young & the ascend mor. This we encamp.we river Br. eve. the called Noble that P[ratt] bank—in P.] P[arley recommends the junction with a formsbluff which our for together pray'r com. a meetfifties, get that travel those by hill we & sand over one wadingriver—after truly rehearts our which made first, first. start of ready P[ar50 One again find ourselvesafter another we 12 ms. 's roll this ley] eve. Sis [ter] joice—trav.ing] on Leonard at bluff flat rugged a with riverin the

our right. This eve find beautiful springs Wednesday, July 21. Start after 8 & I have a good interview in the carlittle a I 12 before met from at riage, also 2 men wagon. we inblessing cold purewith water—a 6 P[arley P. Pratt] 17 with letter camp yoke [inter] to write a Quarters. 12m[iles].deed. Traveled] br. WNoble's

is of for truly our oxen talked of going, P[hineas] but Y[oung] 16. Start at 15 mfinassistance—this's Friday, July

all in a land sight are relinquish'd the idea before hot intensely pastutes] buffalo—they day night—Two seven—the the almost innumerable herd others Ind[ians] with rode time—anof eat we up by going—The buffalos—when—grass bluff of them over the today came & us this mor. the other Bluff on The kill b[uffalo] a our 50 forstop & noon

we are detained while the other 50 seem'd about to cross our Camp on side of the river for a day or two past their to path the river. hunters met Our of seems conroad compos'd springs. 9 ms. Trav. passpasses on—we their they them course, chang'd hills. & tinues much consand over had rock. WeOur

fuller of this account gives *Eliza R. Snow gratification. firt to our up last blew wind The night. rain siderable 5 ms. Trav. cattle: shaking was "Someone of theirstampede own

last is night of the which some from the back ata a wagon buffalo robe day & fright started corral in on cattle took and theof the contrast to a few days past.cool—quiteWe cross belthey others; frightenedthe run; commenced those a rear—startMonday, Julyabout26. halfOur past50 move8—whilein the

lowing; and all in a huddle, ran for the gateway of a beautiful stream several rods in width, crossing a ridge of sand hills about

too narrow altogether beingthe enclosure, which for with quicksand bottom & encamp near noon, br. Dilworth broke an axleinto that thronged rushing multitude of thethe egress

until the another top of till on one piled they the passage, sunset. are detain'd Many & we it—the 2nd 50 do not come up—trav. tree,

of the wagons, adjacent the tops top above ones were 15 ms. tents Indfians] pass us with & baggage at their the inmates stations while from themmoving

so unceremoniousthis being hour, early suddenly and fasten'd mules, to drays horses on 22. Start Thursday, & a little beJuly

their sleep, not ly and from morning aroused tent horses, form'd poles of knowfore by 8. In the drawn buffalo forenoon a young confusion, terrible this ing of uproar and cause the

fear. with of almost paralyzed themwere the little some Covers for beeved At was & dogs. by our was very mules hunters—it the enclosure, the that could,length from broke those skins over distributed by fastening ones made soon the 5 capt[ains] among the but restored; quiet and subsidedbellowing was

to suffering fix'd fright effect of the caused sides much are tosad bows, which the upper about messenger some & we went 11a on—at the scene. for trying not sufficient nerves werewhose the of drays. a treat have Here the came up from orders of we 2nd 50 with crushed. In the two wheels were encounter wagon

Captain Kimball's only cow was killed, and several for us to stop for them to take the front, wild currants & a kind of cherry call'd in off."oxen knocked James had horns—Quoted Litwhich we did, when we found a proper choke, but much preferable to the east137. to Salt City. p. Kittland Lake tle's From

BConcerning the "postoffice of the plains,"Eliza place for baiting [feeding]. Our afterern choke cherry. Captfain] N[oble]

of the time were wrote later:Snow we "Much on noon trav [el] was over sandhills directs us to go on at night. The moon track the way; butan on came untrodden when we

oneof the cross occasionally read did, the pioneers, and day as we pretty stream—the

their well'presence,date of accompaniwith an obscure clouds threaten the sun & cool, shinesspeed—comebeautifullyup to& thewe Indfian]move on tentswith buffalo skull, a general hadment, a bleached on 'all we

where they up 14 ms. come rejoicing."time of in scores—some storm—trav.

skulls buffalo years bleached those For were made their the frightens blankets shake which 23. in Friday, the night Rain'd July the emigrations. the of agents news Mormon The

cattle, of P[eirce]'s Capt. broke one is of not with so today readmorning newspaper much 8 little this start mor. before & a We the plains,eagerness as those were on dry bones little from the occasion which d a yoke trav. hills, cross over several sand telling of friends before. family gone and

carthe came up to starlight beautiful evenings were when, and streams, "Many running the moon down trouble—-several

fire, theas blazing our and sang around we circled riage the holding horses, where I was from the b[uffalo] but wood bluffs—nolittle to of devotion, of praise songs him and whohymns ensis. P[eirce] being M[argaret] & all the secrets hearts, of the of our chipsknows sound afar brought from & what we

hill, voicesunited reverberated to echofrom and in quieting gag'd the cows, teams, other is the cannon from com[pany] to fill silent the the ing vast expanse, through seemedhill &c. I that they understand them made its to restconcave above, glory of while heard seemed and occasion God smoke the seen—thefirst

allon write, the around. while rememthenow Even in the kicking of danger were is visit a of [Indians] 100 Sioux as we of sacredlybrance those vivifying scenes romantic andI pass'd them withdrew. they on & calls are horsesWe visit afresh inform'd of feeling them brethren a arouses response up and our by who

that language is in at night, camp whichSnow, quoted inis Womeninadequateof Motmondomto express.—(Tullidge),Eliza R.

distant. ms. main body, 3 perhaps 334.)P. sight ofWethe &10encamp'dms. ( 7*0a littlebe continued)past 11, having trav.

526 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

MUTUAL MESSAGES

{Concluded from page 603) performances have been staged in the cation and culture, and drama is one of rectors, the Granger Ward M.I.A. South High School and the Lyric and the fine arts.

has developed a fine situation. Not only Paramount theaters of Salt Lake City. They believe in recreation, and the

have they put on fine productions from Seven productions have been staged. stage provides wonderful entertainment

the standpoint of the theater, but they Four are projected for the current seafor those both behind and in front of the have produced several plays written by son. The financial burden was discurtain.

the Hales. Two of these have been couraging for a time, but they are drawTaking a part on the stage, whether it

published in the M.I.A. Book of Plays, ing into their organization associate be villain or hero, servant or grand

"Handcart Trails"and "Light for Tomembers who wll supply a backlog of dame, when done with sincerity and inmorrow."The group makes its own funds. So far, <:he group has paid its telligence, is a broadener of personality.

scenery and gives attention to every way and expects to continue doing so. Putting on a play well requires about

phase of the art. At present Brother and as high a degree of cooperation as any

Sister Hale are at the Pasadena ComComeone asks, in these serious times shared effort.

munity Playhouse studying. These seri- *T and with the great message the The power to express thoughts and

ous young people have a great ambition Latterday Saints have to bear, should emotions so that they are conveyed to write the drama that is found in the we be putting on plays? The answer is truly to others is one of the highest

great latterday work. decidedly, yes. Narrowing individual manifestations of life. This is of course

A third group is the Deseret Theater. or community life too much is not the very essence of the play. Because

This grew out of the feeling of Salt wholesome. Except professionally no of that fact a performance may be put

directors style without on and ward City stakeLake all his at putwishes time to spend that one of art than quality and a better if well done,stage—penthousemove the audiencethey needed ting reaare but there on plays, many

they were getting in the usual producsons for keeping the theater alive durdeeply.

tion. They organized to study, produce, ing these and all times. Morale is an Ours is a vocal mission in the world.

and write plays. Those within the elusive but great part of living. Preaching the gospel is done very

for the largely effectively arrange and scenery, personal the most bygroup make just as important message was The play, contact. the the meet conversation, direct gospel and Theplayhouse, setthe during the of or days Nauvoo discussion, hold street obligations. the the financial sermon, stormy They the valleys, the of tlement but Joseph Utah

list invite to a are meeting questions them and tryouts where asked andpublic ennot only Brigham Smith and Young persons the have these answered, are five hundred means who of common some theater, the themselves they couraged to of the All spreading a great chance message. have experience.had stage. the the acted Latterday on With

is parts. their dispensahighly dramatic This read a From appear and Saints, this past. art has romantic a had

tion. is they their history of writthe members people The these from own and the the Since given M.I.A. has been

fire. in ten usually are individuals cast. are accusThe the Memberschoose recreation carrying responsibility of on

details all to significant great producof the tomed changes and withso busy for authorities, the church, the church earnestof fortune. that they future to promises tion be management and The present, past given unwaverhave and

equally largely as the past, the peras play dramatic amongly cast try to ing substantial to support dramatic and

If so. to haps out. are carry more on trythose we who art. dollars of thousands have Many to such a endeavors should demovement, group not ambitious This we little in invested been theatres—recreavelop hits successes. understanding our of basic the and Theyget Broadway tion halls their equipstages with and

principles that the of M.I.A. to drama, so apedit to conform them may we ment.

full this in preciate are they wonderful which withstandards movement we sympathy. Those who take part must And why? are helping with our lives and our

be of good character and habits. The The Latterday Saints believe in edumight?

OUR COMMUNICATIVE BEHAVIOR (Continued from page 601) all others when uttered are extembe checked. Much progress in this dito the brain in understanding straight porized. rection is already under way.

facts, narrative and abstract material, Every encouragement to acquire exPeople are becoming noiseconscious in retaining names, directions, and numcellence in the use of the spoken word—they realize, for instance, that they

bers. The human voice also carried is given. The creditable achievement are not at liberty to dim the hearing of

greater power of suggestion, for it is of young missionaries in this direction hundreds of listeners by thoughtlessly more personal. has been the subject of frequent remark. clearing the throat or coughing in a

Frank Pellegrin makes an impressive Year after year, the Mutual Improveblatant manner with no attempt at illustration ment Associations have also included muffling the sound. The party involved

The business man dictates his letters; the numerous opportunities for appropriate would possibly be the very last person

politician talks to the voters; the club leader exercise in oral expression as a part of in a sacred service to rise and shout,

addresses the meeting; the city fathers conthe season's program. The Sunday disturbing everyone, but in times, it is

fer over daily problems; the minister Schools have their twoand-onehalf- now hoped, happily gone, he would

explains the his salesman sermon;preaches speakers. minute feel at in complete ease coughing away

last rites, the the at evenas is he sells—and o[ responloudly The result a fine sense enough to over a radius be heard

is departed. the overeulogy spoken is sibility that in the developing of church feet. or one two hundred

The Spoken Word in Church speaker.body, first,Attentiveas listenerlisteningandfollowsthen, anas Radio Has Helped

rTTHE significance of the spoken word inspired message, worthily delivered. Until radio came definitely into the

in has behavior communicative our realizedlong and stressed by been our Disturbance at Church picture,anyone itapprisedappears thatof thisveryindiscretion.seldom was

church leadership. Almost every phase TLJaving stressed the significance of Men have been seen to tiptoe very cauof the religious learning process—in our superior listening and speaking in tiously into the Salt Lake Tabernacle

various church auxiliaries and in priestour communicative behavior, let me during a broadcast and to exercise hood quorum activity—is based on talkemphasize a number of cautions that every known precaution not to make

ing and listening. The ward sacrament should be observed in our neighborhood the slightest noise, and then, after sitmeeting, missionary work, and even the church assemblies, about which there ting down, clear their throats loudly

visiting of the ward teachers utilize this is usually a reluctance to speak. enough to be heard all the way to

potent form of communication. Only Extraneous noises that fuse unr Shangri La.

three of the church prayers are written; pleasantly with a sacred service should (Concluded on page 628)

OCTOBER, 1943 627.

OUR COMMUNICATIVE BEHAVIOR

page [Concluded 627) People from the Reaching Young I like this in public hearing"a the "Dimming

I that people young convinced am is is taking phrase gathering which a auditorisit in rear of church the who significance. increased Audible on so are conversations carry on and ums

just as unpleasant are as "dimouts"their immediate with concerned own "dimouts."visual

don't hear that interests actually they

Children vs. the Speaker the message that is being delivered. Yes,

they are within earshot, but they don't

This, of course, is just elemental hear distinctly.

gentility. There has always been considerable reluctance on the part of It is my experience that the moment

church authorities in bearing down on they (1) do definitely heat, (2) they matters of this sort. It smacks of regibegin to listen, then (3) to understand,

mentation. Our church meetings are and then (4) to be attentive. These

usually open to the public and are confour steps are imperative!

ducted in the most democratic manner. Speakers should, therefore, make cerAlmost never are parents precluded tain that they are distinctly heard by

from bringing their very small children those in the rear seats of an auditorium.

to service and sometimes these youngsters are considerably in evidence. Public Address Systems

Everyone is made to feel welcome and usually young mothers are the very But only part of the responsibility is ones who most need and most enjoy the on the listener. An audience is entitled

contact. Disposing of very small chilto hear clear, articulate speech from the

dren for the hour in order to attend pulpit. If a public address system is emchurch is always a problem. Often if ployed in an auditorium, it is rarely ne10 years winning the mother is to come, so also must the cessary for the speaker to "hug"the miFAVOR through baby.philosophicalMembersaboutare thisgenerallyand usuallyquite crophone.secured if Usually,he will keepfar bettera fairresultsdistanceare

its FLAVOR mothers themselves are very sensitive. back from the instrument and put the

On one occasion at a meeting, as the usual, natural power and inflection into

You bet he likes it and so does sermon was being preached most earhis voice. The amplification, therefore,

the entire family. For Breaknestly from the pulpit, a young mother would simply be used to stepup the

fast Cup, made from roasted with a baby who had started to cry, carrying power of his utterance. Broadsoy beans, cereals, figs, and rose and walked down the aisle toward casting for radio calls for a somewhat

different requires technique, a exit. which the is for honey, good and you

call sister,"engineers the the voice leave, to check and what don't need "You it for tool breakTry GOOD, is level, intensity speaker before a out, is not an called "your speaker baby fast, or or lunch, dinner... is the instructed to with he work disturbing how me!"

for the hot drink just before "I know that, sir,"said the young microphone.

retiring. mother, "but I fear it is you who are

disturbing my baby!"And apparently Church Provides Opportunity

NOT RATIONED it was. Co then, our church provides a splenNervous Habits V did opportunity for training in the

More and more, however, are we beeffective use of the spoken word. It is

jmttgj*; Contains no ance,comingandsensitiveare assistingto extraneouseach otherdisturbin havior.a vital phaseA largeof ourproportionatecommunicativenumberbecaffeine reducing noises that dim the hearing. of our laymen, therefore, are able to

At a recent evening meeting, a church speak well on their feet. They have the

by the Made makers of official constantly cleared his throat evangelical urge to tell of their convicRUSKETS during the singing of a glorious contraltions. Expression implies correlative

to solo. I am certain that this was the impression.

result of a nervous habit of which the If they have lived worthily and adeand will quately, they be inspired that and brother unaware was totally A NATION'S HEALTH * Spirit in exHoly by the to fact motivated the oblivious he was completely

IS A NATION'S STRENGTH that he was making it hard for the pounding their convictions. Greater

singer and for the listeners. guidance than this can no man ask!

In time of stress turn to a ALASKAN RESCUE book that contains enduring (Continued from page 595) see us. It was heartbreaking to be so

life for us. No one will ever know near being rescued and not be found.

truths—what suffering he endured in his efFinally no more airplanes came. We

forts to find help. A searching party knew they had abandoned the search

later found his body a few miles down for us.

Gospel Standards the mountain where he had died while On the twelfth day, Cutting, who had trying to get back to us. recovered so he could walk, made a

By President Heber J. Grant We were on a mountain peak about short trip to the north in search of help.

two thousand feet high. We had seen On his return it was decided that help

Sold at bookdealers four planes from a rescue party looking from that direction seemed unlikely.

for us but they were below us. Some

everywhere of them were so close we could see the r|"rWENTYONE days had passed since heads of the pilots move. We signaled * the time of the wreck. We were

$2.25 to them frantically, but they were lookall suffering severely from injuries and

ing down into the valley and did not frostbitten hands and feet. We never

628 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ALASKAN RESCUE

seemed to get warm. It was agony to from death at the time of the crash, I THE ADVERTISERS

attempt to move around. The weather knew God had saved us for some purwas frequently twentyfive to thirtypose. I knew that in some unknown and Where You Will Find

delivered. five I asked zero. degrees would be below way we Their Messages I for guidance. the our In also asked that cold weather body needs food him

for fuel. Our emergency rations of families be comforted and that our

bouillon cubes, canned soup, and chocowives might be given the assurance that Beneficial Life Insurance Comlate bars were gone. There were only we were still alive. pany T Back Cover

enough rations for about four men for That prayer was literally fulfilled. As Bookcraft Company 579

four days. We stretched them as far as I learned later, it was on the very next Borden Company 61

we could. We shot a squirrel and had day that my wife went to the officials Brigham Young University 630

squirrel soup five times before we of the organization for which I work Continental Oil Company 633 finished the told to branch presidency and and all. soup and The him—bones Crescent Manufacturing Company

still alive she that them very nourishing, but it helped andwas not knew I was (Mapleine) 613

I us. help. forto on deep was driven Everyone had snow warm my The way Deseret Book 585 Company

all herself, beside animals she thought area, out the of but there was and in Deseret Press 636 News to heart her she of gettingappeared knew. has be no a means any God way

Faultless Starch 610 Ifood. of communication. not do know

At last we realized that we must get how he answered the prayer that gave FelsNaptha Soap Company 588

General of Insurance Company still off the the assurance wifedown had that I was been my We. America 639 I alive.lost for three that the weeks. know, however, do hungry were mountain.We

and cold. Metzdorf and Gebo were in prayer was answered. I know, also, Glade Candy Company 615

bad shape, and we knew we must get that God can lead men to safety in Globe Grain & Milling Company..612

help to them. answer to prayer. I know my prayer Hall's Canker Remedy 586

Cutting and I had gradually imwas answered because I am still alive. Hotel Utah 638

proved. Cutting decided to go down the Without God's help we could never lunket 615

mountain to look for a better place to have endured what we were called on K. S. L Inside Back Cover

camp while I stayed with the other two to face during the next ten days. L. D. S. Business College...577

men who were in a helpless condition. Levi Strauss 582

in thought starting four for out days. gone almost wasHe We Linda Food Products—.628 help Loma

if again. of seeing evergave hope that him up could was reach we a body Qur 613 O'Barley Maid his return alof the attempted see in water distance, the we On we could

most superhuman task of taking Metzthere might be a possibility of walking M.C.P. Orange Marmalade 580

dorf and Gebo and what was left of along the shore until we could reach Morning Milk Company 614 our camp down an almost vertical some sort of habitation. It was a wild Mountain Fuel Supply Company

mountain. It took us two days to comhope, but the Lord had given us a Inside Front Cover

plete the journey. Because of injuries brain and a sound body; we felt we Mountain States Implement Comevery exertion was painful. Gebo and would give him a chance to lead us out pany 586

Metzdorf walked most of the way even of our predicament. Portland Woolen Mills 584

though Gebo's leg was broken. We It took us two days to get to the Purity Biscuit Company.. 577

would lower part of our supplies, canshore of the bay, as it turned out to be. Roman Meal—.586

vas, wet clothing, etc., and then would We didn't walk—we shuffled. The Royal Baking Company.... 611

have to climb back to get the remainder. snow was eight feet deep. We had to Safeway Stores, Inc 583

By the time we reached the bottom, adstop often to help pull each other out Salt Lake Tribune 635 ditional bones were broken, and everyof holes. The country was so rough we Sego Milk Company 581

one was bruised from head to foot. could hardly make any progress at all. Standard Brands of California 634

It little hill the at it bottom a steep warmer was The and was was Garden Products 632 Tea built theof a mountain. to sary zigzag forth. back and We necesWe Pacific Stages Union 613 tried the to wind. helped break towhich follow stream. cutting a By leantoWe

Engraving Utah 577 Company still twentyour hungry. in ice holes fish, I took thewere tried to but we

two rifle and went out in search of some there was not a single bite. It seemed Utah Home Fire Insurance Co 632

stray animal. I couldn't find a single that every effort to supply food ended UtahIdaho Sugar Company 637

track. There were no animals from in discouragement and despair. Utah Oil Refining Company 582

which we could get food left on the At night we would dig a large hole in Utah Poultry Producers'Coopermountain. the snow and cuddle up together in an ative Association 634

We decided the only possible way to effort to keep warm. One night we Utah Savings & Trust Company..632

save ourselves was for Cutting and me scraped the snow off a large tree trunk to strike out to search for help. Gebo and slept on it. There was very little

and Metzdorf were much too badly inrest. We would have to take turns

jured to move. waking each other up to see if we were

By this time we four were cemented still alive. Sometimes we would freeze Long Evenings

together in bonds of friendship and together, and it would take a tremenand time for good stories mutual need. We were as a single unit. dous effort to become separated again.

It was hard to leave our friends there in When thoughts would come to me it helpless condition, to I die, that but be hada Cutting might be would Gospel In the left last bouillon the seizeddone. panic. with two each needed We We M If of for drink them, other. took go,cubes a should the other one warm would acis Dr. Widtsoe's A. moving John help. for started die,water, out surely and likewise the other and two

the of convert mother from a count left lives behind. had Their demen we set night before out from The we faith's followed country old who us. pended to thought on This helped I retired the find help, to neartocamp

by woods, kneeled down in the snow, sustain us in the almost superhuman shining path across ocean and conand prayed. I don't believe any man task of carrying on. tinent to a Zion she helped to build.

ever prayed more earnestly than I. It When the shore of the bay was Handsomely bound and illustrated

disappointed. were keenly we more than a prayer. I talked to reached,was

Instead of found only $1.25 a sandy beach weGod.

Because of our miraculous rescues (Continued on page 630)

OCTOBER, 1943 629 ALASKAN RESCUE

the feathers. but We them—all

sheer cliffs. long to roast them either. {ContinuedWe couldn'tfrom pageget629)down to todidn'teat wait

Skall Jr Kjo to the water. We waited for a change of They were just slightly warmed

tide, but receding waters only exposed through.

more cliffs. In testing out the boat again after

It was necessary for us to travel making a few more repairs, we found until of side the the bay we progress. could a little make we We get could place located a where we into jutting land point of out were a on

to water. the There was not down oiteae i? along inlet the out a narrow had which bay

us. to in encourage scene the much felt into the sea. could make we We

It floating in the water. ice There was sea, sure to the be would our way weif Young people, in the confusion

cold. of the day are asking this looked

Finding question. some logs, we immediately toweruncouldintogetsomehelp.inhabited place where set to work to build a raft. We tore

one of our last remaining blankets into (Xn Saturday we started out in the together. logs strips the to tie WhenJhe s4n6wer! boat. chances our were knew We

it sank. in the the raft water placed we slim, for concern but our comtwo conLeaders are everywhere spirits sank, too. Our rades us forced back to make in camp for stantly stressing the need

try. a all fields training in life of could see were, where we "pROM we

for boat, in to sat leaders the the of equipped meet bottom We across the of cabin the a framework today's sitting It actually in complex the leaked problems. water.

just that to cabin get to bay. had We bail faster out. could than water we We if shelter. Military there food to and see leaders are were encouragbail paddle with one hand would and raft. military build to ing started to another personnel conSo we other. the with only one There was tinue it their in education tried while completed, After and was we inch side the the of of space boat on service. the it it are that only Many found hold out men would we water. hunseveral the above Every actually sent to Univerbeing it us. sink, to as started of soon one As

the yards, dred to run would have we sities for training. specialized off, I for Cutting headed and jumped

it tip to boat shore to over and empty the is shore. opposite Experience proving every

it, then start again.

that of the day Cutting an found framework old cabin, an old leaky boat, and a small We should not have undertaken that a I had had It not go.Education j-auil canbay oftowingtar. Hethe startedboat behindback acrossthe raft.the trip.clear feelingBefore thatwe westartedshould

it feeling, than a was warnmore a was as the neared shore he However, where UNIVERBRIGHAM YOUNG ing. experithe has had Anyone who I waiting, tide the changed. I was was provides SITY balanced a ence of led the being of prompting by helpless aid to absolutely as him he educational with program

I felt. Spirit the will Holy know how tide battled the to get the and waves for opportunities specialmany

in set spite warning. of the out But we safety. for to fought four hours He ization! Increase capacity your

for usefulness and happiness, before he could get the raft back to As a result we headed for disaster.

through enrollment in "The where I could wade out and help pull About an hour after we started, a

Friendly School."it in.We thought we had experienced black.violent Thestormwavescame gotup. higherThe skyandturnedhighfeeling time, to that the but up er. fighting afloat. to were keep Quarter We begins every Autumn

it feeling looked that gripped when me full the nearly boat of anyWith water 1, 1943 October as if Cutting able might never be it too capmuch. to way, boat was The

Winter Quarter begins make it back to land is a feeling that I sized, and we were dumped into the again. to experience never care Deicy chilled water which us to the bone.

the January 4, 1944 pendent were, on each other as we all of ice floating cakes There were

all tide the having farther separating us Fortunately only a about were we BRIGHAM strain of trying to get back together and around us. YOUNG the time almost than could more was we shore. hundred clothyards from Our

stand. ing dragged tossed down. UNIVERSITY The waves

in repairing the spent day Next was us tried around. to together. keep usWe PROVO, UTAH first tried old boat. cutting a We nearing shore, the only found On we

into strips holes, to blanket the plug up cliffs. rocky dashing waves The were

it filled but the launched boat when we against us the rocks then and drawing sank. then tried with water and We us into the water. back could not We using sleeping kapok from our bags find a hold. hands were Our so cold

tar in to with the mixed plug order could not get hold on did we when we it holes. This time conand worked by CONFERENCE It chance. a half us took a than more

bailing, stant afloat the long boat kept finally hour to pull grasp ledge a and for to cross us enough the bay. ourselves the bank. All up on could we cabin disappointment. a The was We lie to there completely do exwas jlL it found not than was a much more hausted.

frame which afforded very little prohands and Our feet were constructed However, Subscribe now-—tection. we

clothes frozen were a Our on us. bleeding.We against rude shelter one side of the

marveled we had conference October started addresses cabin and camp. to make

the water. Wenotfullyhadexpectedcramps towhiledie to our joy, will a half in Much appear we found in the November

Era cup of rice, full of weevil. We cooked from exposure or pneumonia.

and ate it with relish. It was a veritable Fortunately we had kept our matches

keep in touch with the church feast. in a bouillon cube box sealed in with

As if in answer to prayer, several adhesive tape and they were dry. We

crows flew down and lighted near us. made a small fire and tried to warm our 12 issues $2.00 We shot three of them with our twentyfeet. It was like trying to thaw out a

two rifle and immediately set to work piece of ice. We then set out to try

630 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ALASKAN RESCUE and return to camp. Every little while would have liked nothing better than to sprains, and bruises, but we found

we would have to stop ana build a fire get a shot at one. Gebo and Metzdorf and brought them

to thaw out a little. Our clothes would During our travels we had found out on stretchers.

freeze in the angle of a bent leg, and some mussels on the beach. We hadn't These two men had lain there thirtyall we could do was shuffle our feet. eaten any before, as we knew some one days, suffering untold agony from

species poisonous. were our However, their injuries exposure and from and distance, traveling After some we condition serious that so became we in three inches lying hunger. were They the of the object an shore bay. onsaw

If to try decided anyway. them we rain ice melted of water, and from and investigation the remains found weOn

die, least at die to going were would we nothing with recovered snow. Both menof old our which boat been had washed

full. fire built with our a stomachs We toes. missing serious than few a more against the shore, the beatenupon

It roasted great a and some. took attitude Their humble courageous androcks, smashed. and

to of food. an ounce many make When just for us patience as responsible were

roasted Under the seat I found my valuable the size of the about they were all being any other factor. saved as was

bundle of documents and papers, still head of a match. They truly were an inspiration to Sandy

dry.preserved and were wrapped They me. and the night kept During waking we Iin material. also waterproof recovered

still if all see other to each the up were hosreleased us from they we When Bible, of a and Mormon, book Bookmy right. fully I poiexpected pital to be Cutting walked and and down We Hills. L. the Evans, Richardby Unto

just for the soned. waiting streets people the were of Ketchikan and saw We inof been source a books hadThese

start. to pains walking manner, normal along in a we in trials.spiration to us our Reading

in right cried there the stopped and to sane. helped keep us next morning,them Reading decided to go The we

street. again see able to people be To scripturesthe to mussels, for helped since keep our more had survived up we

filled sights familiar to us see so and filledfaith night. the courus with and renewed

age and hope. While we were gone, another boat notfull controlof happinessourselves.and joy that we could

within were about a block we When it entered the but turned the other bay, the the time were During on we located,of our where camp was saw we to got way. back camp we When lost sixty than we mountain, had more we circling cutter coast guard leavea it six could see miles the bay. about up each. poundsthe like bay. ran mad. were It there. Weto We anchored had

like maniacs yelling, falling, and In looking back over our experience, stumbling in our agony and desperation Then began a vigil. We built signal I can truthfully say that God was good

to make them see us. fires. We waited for a signal from the to us. We give him credit for leading boat, but no signal came. We made the boat to our rescue. The captain of

It was no use. They kept on going. excuses for their not seeing our fire. the boat had gone over thirtyfive miles

Then we did feel discouraged. Had we We carried wood until our strength off his course to come into that little

listened to the promptings not to start was completely gone. bay to rescue us. He was influenced to

the cutterout that coast day, guard that in to spot to prayer. come answer It third the four of February. was At

I If us up. picked everwould have had it miracle. as regard a modern The the blizzard started. morning another We that doubts be in everany would we influence the faith of of prayers and five couldn't thing. see a At we We it later then.found, that found was We friends our did to wives good and fire built much the again. the nine storm At

realthe cutter in business the no had bring safely us home. quit. Everything covwhite and wasbay. captain had crew a and The new

I ered the couldn't with snow. see shall the forget never courage and We inmerely to with acquaint them came

it didn't boat. faith whether had of know companions. unTheir my We I terrain.the convinced boat am not. or gone in daunted face of the adversicourage in to prayer. answercame were Wethat will ty inspiration always be an to me. o'clock, ten to too At were weak we shouldnot or been where have we wewould have been saved. keep the fire going any longer. We We join in thanking God for perthought if the ship had gone out, there forming a miracle in our behalf. May

still clothes wet were and Our fire. we ever remain faithful to him. the use in having no was Wefrozen, fire so a to make work we set to into turned the trees to of get out back

and dry them out. Until our underthe wind.

dry, nothing againstwear had was we later turned minutes Five and we fire.the arctic the cold but It took ran The Religious Attitudes fast to the shore as could all back as wenight clothes to get our dried completely

go. the both heard of had motors Weout. fully expected pneumonia. We Noted see in a boat. to of Men could it turn \ We cold. did not catch even a ThisWe it shore, were. the neared where As we (Continued I page 586) fromnight wrote a letter wife to be to my into the shouted out and ran water we die.found should we Steinmetz it. thus: is quoted fell to into over the meet boat We

next the to and day days The come unconscious. signal seen our had They scientific lives spent have our men We like nightmare. a All firewere do before, night the we could but the waves studying forces. physical having now, And

in there that wait hopes anotherwas did to atthey so rough not dare were the sensational made discoveries most boat would come in and pick us up. tempt a landing. the history of the world, we learn that ourin

has not knowledge brought people happieleven-thirty to the hospital day, at taken the next At were saw we We ness. will things Material bring never hapof the Ketchikan disappear given boat bay. out and food and treatpiness. Scientists their turn must now sick. really ment. there four only were about wereWeanother We laboratories to the over of study God, On Monday, February 1, both Cuthours, then started back to guide the prayer; and the spiritual forces. Hereandis

ting and I felt we surely would be rescue party to save Gebo and Metzthe field where miracles are going to occur.

picked up on Tuesday. Every day we dorf. Spiritual power is the greatest of the unwould say to each other, "This is the Cutting and I both flew over the camp developedfuture.3 powers, and has the greatest

day."But the expected boat didn't site of the wrecked plane and threw

come. food to Metzdorf, who struggled from Dr. Robert P. Downes asks some perWe had now been without any food under the shelter to get it. The next tinent questions and answers them in a

at all for over four days, and without morning a party of about twenty men wholesome way:

a full meal in four weeks. At night the headed into the wilderness to get our

wolves howled. We would take turns two companions stranded on the mounEven on the scientific principle of evoluwatching for them. They had more to tain. We led the way. Over half the (Concluded on page 632)

fear from us than we from them. We group ended up with broken bones, 3Gibby, op. cit., p. 174

OCTOBER, 1943 '631

The Religious Attitudes World's best judges of

Orange Marmalade say: of Noted Men

(Concluded from page 631 tion we may reasonably anticipate a future life for man. How can a consistent evolutionist imagine that death ends all? Climbing steadily up through lower ranges of

beings, Nature, with God behind it, has brought forth man, who stands before us as "the roof and crown of all things."Why,

then, should it progress no further? Does

the process stop just at the point where reason demands that it shall go on? Is the

greatest creature in this lower world alone mocked, thwarted, and unfinished? "There

is a design in creation, and the end of it is man."Gifted with the capacity to think,

to will, to love, to worship, are we to believe that the end of all this is nothing?

Does the mighty process of evolution end at last in a culde-sac? We cannot think so

'meanly of the mighty intelligence behind it!*

njoy its sprightlyflavor yourself!

And Roger Babson, America's outstanding economist, feels that

The need of the hour is not more legislaNobody Can Moretion. Thereligionneed isof neededthe houreverywhere,is more religion.from

the halls of Congress at Washington, to the fields, the forand Stop LOSS—factories,ests. It is theone mines,thing tothetalk plans about and

policies, but a plan or policy without reis like motives a watch without a or the without a body breath of Everybody Can 9 ligiousspring life... B

Avoid It Through mid., p. 155

BIbid.. p. 175

INSURANCE! COMMERCIAL AND SAVINGS ACCOUNTS. Prophet Teachers iff

TRUST DEPARTMENT—(Continued from page 597)

When you come Acting as Administrator, were characterized by their devotion to singing Executor, Guardian, and God, and went about and danchere for insurance ing, stirring religious and and Trustee. up the

you get it, coupled patriotic ardor of the people.

with attentive, expeABSTRACT DEPARTMENT. Early Writing

SAFETY DEPOSIT BOXES.

rienced service. This All departments on ground HThe prophets Amos and Hosea were

is an agency of the floor. * the first who committed prophecy

to writing. While writing had been

Utah Home Fire Inpractised in Palestine before the fifsurance Co. ft teenth century B.C., it was in the Babylonian cuneiform, written in moist clay

with a wedgeshaped stylus. The Heearly from very times employed & brews UTAH HOME FTRE IT Zl II SAVINGS of an alphabet twentytwo TRUST CO. Tlilfl L INSURANCE CO. which in time became the basis letters,of the

Federal Reserve Heber 235 South Main Street Greek alphabet. This alphabet was J. Grant & Co. Member as as early System used tombs on Phoenician

Deposit Federal Member General Agents B. C., the eleventh century on the Corporation Insurance

Salt Lake City, Utah Moabite stone in the ninth century, and on Hebrew monuments of the same time. Most scholars hold that the

Phoenicians are the most likely people to have invented the alphabet, possibly by development from Babylonian or

Egyptian signs. The Hebrews probably

it their learned through Canaanite ecmauovitli ivi Jke Mcome neighbors, other elements so with many of their culture, date but at what we do

Get acquainted now with the booklet that will make staying at not know. An agricultural calendar was

home your best entertainment. A find for the family. ing,founddateda fewaboutyears900agoB.C.in HebrewThe writingwritmaterials of the Hebrews were prepared

25 cents At bookstores and church auxiliary organizations skins of animals and papyrus. That

papyrus was used in Palestine in the year 1100 B.C. may be concluded from

632 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PROPHET TEACHERS the fact that 500 rolls of papyrus were the fifteenth century, 1448 A.D., that act was to unite all the tribes of Israel

brought from Egypt to Jerusalem in John Gutenberg of Mainz, Germany, with Judah. Then he went forth to conthat year. The roll which Baruch wrote printed the entire Bible with movable quer the Philistines and make them subat the dictation of Jeremiah in 604 was type. This was one of the great events ject to Israel's rule. So successful were

probably a roll of papyrus, rather than of all history—the invention of printDavid's military operations that within

leather, on which the scribe wrote with ing. In the Congressional Library at one generation a strong Hebrew em-

a reed pen in ink. The scribe carried Washington, D.C., is one of the first pire was established. Then he turned to

an ink horn in his belt (Ezekiel 9:2), Bibles printed by Gutenberg and is a the land of Phoenicia, not for conquest,

as well as a knife for trimming the reed volume which we look upon with deep but for commerce and trade. The

pen. The writings were sometimes kept reverence. Phoenicians on the shores of the Mediin earthenware vessels. Tablets of To read the Holy Bible, one discovterranean Sea were a strong but peaceharder material were often used, such ers that it is a great work of history in ful people, and were noted for their

as stone (on which the decalogue was which the economic, political, social, trade and commerce. They had the

engraved) or metal, when an iron stylus and educational life of the ancient largest merchant marine of ancient was used. Ezekiel (4:1) drew a repworld is described by men who were times, and traded with Egypt and the

resentation of Jerusalem on a clay tile students of life. Scholars hold that the eastern world by way of Damascus.

or brick, and the use of potsherds or Book of Isaiah is one of the masterDavid had his merchants bring food broken earthenware as account books pieces on civil government, and stusupplies and fine linens from Tyre and has been made familiar to us from the dents are referred to the Book of EzekSidon, and from the Phoenicians he excavations at Samaria, during late iel for fine descriptions of economic life. introduced many of the arts and crafts

years. When the monarchy under David and among his people. Within a few years,

Solomon reached its height of power, the Hebrew kingdom became the most

Translations there was a grandeur of architecture renowned empire in the ancient world,

HPhe Old Testament was written in and a rich and varied industrial life in for it extended from the Mediterranean

A Hebrew, but in the year 280 B.C. all the provinces of Palestine. Sea to the TigrisEuphrates valley on

it into Greek by seventy was translated The Idealism of David thehis capital,east. Heandestablishedbuilt a castleJerusalemfor himselfas Alexandria.scholars of in the City The

of Zion, and the Hill with workmen written of anointed king in Greek, David Testament was Judah, on wasNew

Phoenicia. materials from He restored all Israel. century, later king of brought the the fourth entire andand in He

Bible was translated into Latin by St. the ark of the covenant to Jerusalem, the ark of the covenant to his people,

Jerome. During the Middle Ages, and dwelt there the rest of his life. He and had a tabernacle erected for its proscribes in the monasteries copied the was found by Samuel in Bethlehem in tection, although one of his greatest

Latin Vulgate, as it was called, on velthe home of his father, Jesse, and when ambitions was to build a temple to lum and parchment, and it was not until he came to full power, his first eventful Jehovah. (Continued on page 634)

ho/cm--"**VwW'T

Y*-arw* OCTOBER, 1943 633 Prophet Teachers (Continued from page 633)

its Israel reached had of You can always highestThe kingdomglory atofthe time David. At

depend on; histwentyfather'syearsdeath,old. Nathan,Solomonthewasprophet,about

had given him the name of }edediah, \\ MILK WHITE''EGGS "Belovedbeen knownof asGod,"Solomon,but heperhapshas alwaysafter the Assyrian god of peace. His early

training seems to have been left to the prophet Nathan, and the influence of

To help you and your family keep fit, in his mother also played a great part in the formation of his character. He had

these times of intensive living, choose foods that a penetrating intellect and loved to exare rich in the elements that build vitality. plorein his allday.the paths of knowledge known

Be sure "Milk White"Eggs are high on your Solomon's Power and Glory the sceptre of swayed a Colomon list. *"* great empire Puritan en- "with a

thusiasm,"which expressed itself, like

UTAH POULTRY PRODUCERS'thatrics. ofTheDavid,secondin Psalm,fervent whichreligiousis disly-

is in its application, written CaDPERATIVE ASSOCIATION tinctlybelievedmessianicto have been by Solomon. He married into the royal families of the kingdoms around Palestine,

Jm all of which gave him greater power in

Headlinens hislargeempire.militaryHeandcamecommercialto controlroadsthe

built points as centers towns at suitable IN AMERICA'S KITCHENS; leading to Babylon and Assyria, and forcultivated of commerce. Solomon

Wherever good food is appreciated, you'll find these fa- K eign commerce by sea, and for the first mous Standard Brands Products. They offer the utmost in time in Israelitish history, there was a

quality and dependability, and they help women fi&X worldwide trade which added to the to plan budget meals. No wonder, then, that prosperity of his kingdom. Kings sent

grocers give them frontline display space, and rich gifts to Jerusalem annually, as exrecommend them wholeheartedly! pressions of homage: "vessels and

mules."GELATIN *ROYAL DESSERTS Not only wealth blessed the land, but *ROYAL PUDDINGS *ROYAL SALAD GELATIN peaceful days marked the lives of the

BAKING POWDER ROYAL FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST people.his vine"Everyand figmantree,dweltfromsafelyDanunderto

'Order through your jobber Beersheba."While it was the result of

Products of his government that made Solomon

Standard Brands great, both in his own empire and in

Incorporated neighboring lands, he established a reputation for wisdom. Read the third

chapter of I Kings, which gives his decision respecting the child claimed by two women. The magnificence of his

court has been equalled only by that of the Golden Age of France during the reign of Louis XIV. Geikie, the English historian, tells us that the throne in

the residence of King Solomon was a WMTEDDLD ADDRESSES wonder of art and magnificence, made ("CIRCULATION managers have their worries these days—what of ivory inlaid with gold. It stood at

steps, six the top were on which defense the with so men, on many people move—service the twelve because lions—doubtlessof students. will give if they workers, The Era keep up with them lion the standard of There Judah. was

it half a chance. Always supply the former mailing address along were palaces other than that of the

each of which one was surrounded with the new one, and always give the same form of the name king, gardens, "displaying great every with under which the original subscription is listed and there will be triumph of horticultural art."Streams

no mistake, no delay. The address label copied from a recent of clear water brought from a distance

issue will give the old address as the magazine has it on file. in covered aqueducts were gathered

into large reservoirs for the supply of

Remember, since subscriptions are filed by mailing routes the temple and of the city.

rather than by name the old address is indispensable. Solomon had made for himself a

couch of the wood of Lebanon. Its pilgold; its cushions of Tyrean purple; and THE RIGHT WAY A VOIDS DELA Y! lars were made of silver; its seat of its sides with ebony. were inlaid He

always appeared in public with his 634 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

'PROPHET TEACHERS BERLIN/-* crown on and with a welltrained guard Possibly nothing in all history has ever that the ceremonies equalled dedicatoryof soldiers. MEWS

It is said that that time. at place took

of Solomon Temple 120,000 than oxen and no fewer 22,000 sacrificed, the writer of SERVICE and sheep were building the temple, Solomon began which had been one of the unrealized Chronicles tells us that when the king praying, an end of fire came made father.ambitions of his the king had From

consumed heaven from and the News coverage of World War II is writing down skilfulof Phoenicia obtained he workmen, and a vast supply of cedar and burnt offering and the sacrifices. For a a glorious chapter in the enterprise of the

Press. Salt American temple description of the Lake of Solomon, The Sunday trees.pine of groups Large men worked

still its list of another to Tribune has added impressed be with the reader willin forests the quarries, in the and and the some 180,000 in all were employed in third chapter of II Chronicles. news and feature services. In your Sunday

trains Tribune Salt Lake long you times of pil- a year will now Threethe erection of the temple. One writer

of patches land turned part SERVICE OVERSEAS of the grims every NEWS from find dis-—states:

to the temple to listen to the sermons an auxiliary news service expanding the fully the All prepared before work was active great coverage by the five sacrifices. in join the All Israel of the War was and

it to Jerusalem; brought the stone being was facilities this wire already employed the Place,"by the to and "Holy bound thecut squared, timber and and and sawn newspaper. inthe of the 27th Psalm became words that shaped;planed the so and when work

of erection was begun, it was accomplished stinctive utterance of every good Hewithout noise, no tool of iron being used on brew:

the spot. The silence was impressive and One thing I have craved from Jehovah!

most appropriate to the grandeur of the that do I seek after: To dwell in the house

Being in whose honor the work was underof Jehovah all the days of my life; To look

taken. with glad eyes at the beauty of Jehovah,

The temple took seven years to build; And to refresh my soul at his temple.

it finished realize the the dedicationand was when Little do we wonderful LAWRENCE ( Ifestival scale. ages of by. a vast gone Kings 8. civilizations on was

EZRA T. BENSON ZJ'KThe pen of David Lawrence traces an accu-

{Continued from page 593) ter of Carl Christian Amussen, promirate course through the pages of living hisKnown as a "tease,"his goodnatured nent Salt Lake jeweler and business tory. His articles, a feature of the Sunday

wit won quick forgiveness for his boyman. A scholarship took them to the Salt Lake Tribune, are searching thrusts

ish pranks. Iowa State Agricultural College where of candid opinion on the current scene.

With his future well outlined, and President Benson won a Master's DeOne of America's veteran columnists, Mr.

undaunted by the necessity of remaingree in Science and was elected to GamLawrence, expands the Sunday Salt Lake ing at home to help his father run the ma Sigma Delta, the honor society of Tribune list of commentators which includes farm, young "T"took a correspondence agriculture. such distinguished writers as Walter Lippcourse in farming. Because his father Though Ezra T. Benson loved the mann, Constantine Brown, Paul Mallon,

was "in tune"with modern progress, simple life of a farm and the soulsatis- Frank R. Kent and Arthur Gaeth.

he was encouraged to put into practical fying activities of church work in his use all the "book learning"he could ablittle community, his services were resorb. quired in larger fields. Asked to serve

The much desired call to the mission as county agricultural agent, he moved field came while President Benson was to Preston, Idaho, in 1928. Still inattending the Utah State Agricultural terested in young people, he became

College, and he served in Great Britain identified with 4-H Club work. Under FASHION

from 1921 to 1923. Crystallizing his rehis guidance the enrollment increased

ligious into it brought acbackground, less than a hundred members to from FEATURE qualities. his spiritualtive play His five hundred. over Pdnreability in leadership developed also and In 1930, President Benson became Madame Chiang KaiShek matches her

he was chosen to serve as president of extension economist and marketing jewels to the coloring of the embroidery in the Newcastle Conference. specialist of the University of Idaho, her gown... Winston Churchill paid hosFollowing his release he took up the College of Agriculture. After a leave pital expenses following an accident by

pursuit of his education. But he never of absence from his duties to do more writing an article on "How it Feels to be Hit

lost sight of his church work. He postgraduate work at the University of by an Automobile."Diana Barrymore eats

served on the stake Sunday School California, he helped to organize the the same luncheon every day. These are a

board, the stake board of the M.I.A. Idaho Cooperative Council and served few of the intensely interesting insights into

and in the stake superintendency proas its secretary. His work carried him to the lives of the world's noted people... a

gressively. all parts of the state and annually to pictorial feature in full color titled PRIVATE

Washington to attend conferences with LIVES, found only in the Sunday Salt Lake 'HPhough his presentday firm convicagricultural and cooperative leaders. Tribune.

"* tions on cooperative movements Still active in church work, Ezra T.

had not formed into words, while still Benson became a member of the Boise a youth, Ezra T. Benson entered into Stake M.I.A. board and later superinhis first cooperative enterprise. After tendent. After serving as first counmuch planning and heartto-heart talks selor in the Boise stake presidency he

with his father, he and his brother, became president of the stake and

Orval, purchased the farm. "Cooperatserved in that capacity until 1939.

ing"education in both farming and attractive the he received they When offer Bait Cake Wtibunf. atalternated quarters the Brigham the national secretary of of executive

University it until which in Provo, from council,Young consider he would not THE SUNDAY SALT TRIBUNE, LAKE in 1926.President first Benson graduated recof presidency the the church delivered with either the daily Salt Lake

In the Salt Lake Temple, on Septemommended his acceptance and released Tribune or Daily Salt Lake Telegram, is the

West's greatest newspaper buy, *> 10, 1926,ber Benson married Ezra T. him from his position. costing only each Sunday >J '-I/2r/ - youngest daughFlora Amussen, Smith [Concluded on page 638)

OCTOBER, 1943 635

.

SOLUTION OF SEPTEMBER PUZZLE Scriptural Crossword Puzzle—Jesus sends out the

Twelve Apostles H N 1 o "And they went out, and preached that men should repent."—Mark 6:12. N A

R U N A B B A H N U II 1 H N R M U D fmk H 22 A n A N II H %h.

N B A K A A N U

for an Earlier

. ICTORY.

MORE

War Bonds 1 "is not... of me"Matt. 10:38 HORIZONTAL33 Himalayan panda

5 "And as ye go saying"Matt. 10:7 35 Plural ending of nouns; 12 turned around

10 "and brought him to an..."Luke 10:34 36 "And... not them which kill the body"Matt.

11 "cause them to be put to..."Matt. 10:21 10:28

12 Selenium 38 Jesus the Saviour of Men (Latin initials) 13 Cook in frying pan 40 "what ye hear in the.... that preach ye"Matt.

"16 "a... of cold water"Matt. 10:42 41 "...... theneitherlepers"gold,Matt.nor silver"30:8 Matt. 10:9 45FOR BETTER 1815 "freely ye have received, freely..."Matt. 10:8 10:27 Afternoon

19 Sounds 47 "he planteth an..."Isa. 44:14

20 "but are not able to kill the..."Matt. 10:28 49 "He that findeth his life shall... it"Mart. 10:39

22 Canada West 50 "deny me before men, him will I... deny"Matt.

23 Go back to the sign (music) 10:33

24 "shall receive... prophet's reward"Matt. 10:41 51 "cast out first the beam out of thine own..."

26 Wrath Luke 6:42

27 Small yellow birds 29 "he that taketh not his.... and followeth"Matt. 52 "take no thought of how or what ye shall..."

10:38 Matt. 10:19

31 "and... that receiveth me"Matt. 10:40 53 "Why could not... cast him out"Mark 9:28

VERTICAL

1 "... as serpents"Matt. 10:16 22 "Whosoever therefore shall. me before men"

2 "shall give to drink unto... of these little ones"Matt. 10:32

Matt. 10:42 25 Established Church

3 Royal Navy 28 "Wherefore rebuke them..."Titus 1:13

4 "The... truly is plenteous"Matt. 9:37 30 Brazilian coins

3:28 Luke of Jesus 32 Ancestor 5 "I came not to send.... but a sword"Matt.

sheep forth as 33 "I send you in the midst of... "10:34

6 Sun god Matt. 10:16

7 And (F.) 34 "the very hairs of your... are all numbered"

8 "and said our eye hath seen it"Pt. Matt. 10:30

35:21 37 Babylonian deity

9 "and... as doves"Matt. 10:16 39 "... the sick"Matt. 10:8

13 "loseth his life for my sake shall... it"Matt. 41 Cosine; companies

CALL OR WRITE 14 Yea10:39 4243 TwofifthsNew Englandof eight

15 "But... rather to the lost sheep"Matt. 10:6 44 "neither two coats, neither...s, nor yet staves"

in 10:9 Matt. brass your...""nor Jhe <Jje5eret yjewd [re55 1817 Postscript Matt. 30:10

.. farthing"Matt. 46 Deer for a sold sparrows not. 19 "Are

29 Richards Street, Salt Lake City 10:29 48 Compass point

21 Hawaiian food fish 50 Half akin 636 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WISE HOUSEWIVES are packing shelves, these days, with good, wholesome, homecanned fruits—to the limit of their sugar allowance.

Every jar of choice fresh fruit, jam, or jelly is a real saving... a contribution to the national food campaign of 1943.

GET YOUR SHARE OF SUGAR NOW!

REGULAR ALLOWANCE: Stamp No. 14, good for 5 lbs. until October 31.

HOME CANNING SUGAR: Stamps 15 and 16, 5 lbs. each, to Oct. 31.

ADDITIONAL CANNING SUGAR: Up to 15 lbs., apply to ration board.

Always ask [or "XI—andand I"there'sSugar,no It'sbetterhomesugargrownmade,and home processed

and I Sugar V

OCTOBER, 1943 637

EZRA T. BENSON

{Concluded from page 635) see little of him, we have more of his faith cooperative in the moveHis person."time than any one other

firmly is in agriculture The ment strong. He. '} >: ''.;[:.'I - 'the church, with cooperation This

believes it is economically, socially, their father, and the home, Mrs. Benson

and spiritually sound. In discussing it instils in the children, and family life Welcome Mat he says, "The earliest irrigation projis run on a cooperative basis without

ects of the church were mutual cooperaservants. Each of the five children,

fifthree years to from ranging in age tasks Is tiveoperativeorganizationsenterprises,and manyincludingother cothe teen, in the part takes household church Welfare program, have been and in family prayers, President Benchurch."the sponsored by the family at wash. out"times "puts son Always Out

his spent with are happiest hours His President family, his of proud Justly or piano family, the around whether joy in his finds great home, Benson and each week plans one: uninterrupted digging in the victory garden behind the

evening with his wife an'd the children. house.

Mrs. Benson, youthful in appearance, The world is bettered by men like

directs the home management and wins Ezra T. Benson, whose name will be

from her husband full credit for her presented for the sustaining vote of the help. With absolute faith, humility, church as a member of the council of

and respect for the priesthood, Mrs. the twelve apostles at the October conBenson finds sincere gratification in the ference. Fortunate are the people who

religious activities of her husband. She have chosen him as a leader. Like the

sees his extreme joy in his work and late President Rudger Glawson whose encourages him to sacrifice freely of his vacancy he now fills in the quorum, time and means for the church. It President Benson's life has been and

greatly reduces their hours together, but will be a guiding light for the Lattershe philosophically says, "Though we day Saints in all parts of the world.

lLTHOUGH wartime restricof the curtailed tions have many to SPENCER W. KIMBALL like services which we would

continue to offer you, and ration- (Continued from page 591) He has been active in Boy Scout work for the served time at one time is serving years and the present for many ing does not permit the wide variat of the Safford Roosevelt the of vicepresident as term as president second ety of foods we served in the past, Women's Club and is completing the Council of Boy Scouts. The war has

we want you to know that the second year's presidency for the southadded new duties and he now is serving

Hotel Utah's tradition of hospiern district of Women's Clubs for Arias chairman of the U.S.O. and of the

a mother, is a wonderful She United War Fund campaign in Graham tality is very much in evidence. zona. trusthostess, and a faithful, County. charming

We will do everything within our worthy friend. Together, Spencer and In connection with his activities in

power to make you welcome! Camilla have made for themselves a Rotary, he and his wife traveled to

host of friends throughout the state of Europe and visited most of the capitals

Arizona. of the old world. They have traveled

President and Sister Kimball are the also to many points in the United parents of four children: Spencer LeStates, to Mexico City, and to various

van, a returned missionary and a complaces in Canada. The high regard with

missioned officer in the United States which he is held by the citizens of AriNavy, who with his wife, Kathryn zona is well expressed in Oasis, the SafMurphy of Salt Lake City, are the parford Rotary Club weekly publication grandchild the one of Jean, ents Barbara

Beth, a graduate family; Olive the of of in Ifanythere'sorganization,one man itthatis Spencerwould beKimball,missed

the University of Arizona; Andrew Eyand this is more especially true of the Safring, a senior, and Edward Lawrence, ford Rotary Club than any other. He's been

a freshman in high school. so faithful and so "on the job"all the time, Those of his brothers and sisters still we often accept him as a fixture—like the

of the past gavel. the Ponder Safford, president's Claridge, living Clare K. are

to ready for be club Who'll a moment. Kimball, Gordon Arizona; Andrew a call? put the on play piano on Who'll

bishop of the Tucson Ward, Tucson, program on short notice? Who'll direct

Arizona; Delbert Gheen Kimball, Seatcommunity singing for our parties, and what

tle, Washington; Alice K. Nelson, Tucgood will a party be without Spencer to be

son, Arizona; and Helen K. Farr, Promaster of ceremonies?... Regardless of his

vo, Utah. His sister, Ruth K. Udall, religion, every member of the club joins in

died in 1915. wishing Spencer godspeed and success in

his new work.

HHhe new leader has found time to enIn business Elder Kimball is regarded gage in many civic activities duras a successful man. Three years ago

ing his busy life. He is a former district he moved with his family into their

governor of Rotary International, a past lovely pueblotype'home which is president of the Safford Rotary Club, situated on their farm on the outskirts and a director of the Arizona Associaof the thriving town of Safford. From

tion of Insurance Agents. For a number the sun deck atop the building one looks

of years he has been a member of the across their fertile acres of cotton and

Gila Junior College board of trustees alfalfa toward the colorful hues of an HOTELGUY TOOMBES, ManagingUTAHDirector and was recently appointed by the govArizona sunset and the snowcovered * * ernorArizonaof Teachers'Arizona asRetirementa member Board.of the summitreaches ofintoruggedthe skyMt.to Graham,an elevationwhichof

638 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SPENCER W. KIMBALL pher,the day.FrancisTheBacon,great onceEnglishsaid, philoso-"When

every duty soul resolves to perform

It is this level in heavilyconsistently the the high10,500 feet. on a been from

it is of the presconscious immediately, In stake of efficiency. over the that Welfare mattertimbered mountain work

idea exkindred of ence was God."A its excelpresides derives name. he has an done Stake Mt.which Graham now

statesthe great pressed American by interests included projlent job. the outstanding business of haveHis One greatest Daniel Webster: "The man, estate, real insurance, ects directed the andbanking, and Kimball President was

is entered that ever thought mind my is the director of rehabilitation part following a of a andhe owner work responsibility to individual of that Safford. of three BroadcastingGila inundation communities of major Company

his lived apostle has God."The new attractive, subdivision restricted of his in 1941. Gila the River (SeeAn by

it life that in apsuch a manner would Kimballas the account, Flood,"homesmodern known ImDuncan "The is at in that of the presence he pear God of the to town AdditionGreenhalgh Era, 1942, 364.) p. provement June,

all for times, that one not and moment to will him a longSafford be possesses monument President so Kimball many life rehis forgotten has of his busy he late partner, his fit the for former leadqualities Joseph churchand which him

W. Greenhalgh. ership that it is difficult to point out sponsibility to his Creator.

particular traits and say therein lies his The Latterday Saints in Arizona are

HpHERE is an old saying that if you success. Two of his outstanding charnot losing President Kimball. Its des-

A want a job done well, get a busy acteristics are, first, his love for peoerts, mountains, and valleys are part of man to do it. This homely truth fits ple, a love which begets love; people his very being. His father came to their

well into the religious work and service warm to his teachings; his dealings inland from the headquarters of the

that has been rendered to the people of stil confidence; the wellto-do farmer church to enter a life of expanding opthe St. Joseph and Mt. Graham stakes or the humble laborer, the housewife or portunity for service; so his son returns

by Elder Kimball. In his early youth the adolescent boy or girl, all have conto the headquarters of the church to

he was Sunday School teacher, chorisfidence in his intergrity; and second, accept humbly a sacred appointment

ter of the stake Sunday School, and he his relentless attention to the duties of that will be a blessing to all mankind.

sang in the ward and stake choirs. He

was chosen as stake clerk of the St. Joseph Stake in 1918, in which capacity EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS

until se1924, servedhe he was when (Concluded page 609) the unbeliever from possessed. and The

inlected the as counselor stake second side. belief side the of believer are Matters have between worked by

for therepresidency, fourteen serving his those of has Tolerance Should been weak shown a God. and man member

years. In the 1938, Mt. Graham new the helped principles of they the in the faith; repudiate church have been and

Stake was organized from a portion of the gospel, or teach false doctrine to the back on the road of truth. Inquiry for

the with Kimball Elder Stake Joseph St field in discitruth will has always of learning the of course church any president,as its position which Opinthe church. he still people,pline him; been punishment but the welcomed utmost by

calling. his at ofheld the time new truth to in opposition revealed not the ions excommunication will be from

Some of the problems of his stake church. Then, under his own flag, he have not been questioned. Joseph Smith

work may be visualized when it is may carry on as he chooses. the Prophet is reported to have said,

realized that the stake comprises But, if a member conforms to the "I teach the people good doctrine, and thirteen wards and branches extending principles, rules, and regulations of the let them govern themselves."That is

from Safford, Arizona, through New church, all founded in truth and in love the spirit of gospel freedom. But, if

Mexico to El Paso, Texas, two hundred of mankind, he will find great joy. There "good doctrine"is not heeded, the conforty-five miles distant. He has given is no other way to taste the sweetness sequences will follow. Men lose their

the new stake most vigorous leadership of the work. faith; their minds become darkened;

since the date of its organization. The The history of the church shows the they end as unhappy faultfinders of

statistics will show that the stake has freedom that its members have always that which they once loved.-—/. A. W.

rc IT'S A Swtdie 'Plan THAT REDUCES OUR COSTS...

"Fire insurance is NOT 'all alike.'GENERAL

of AMERICA'S Preferred Risk Plan has reduced OUR fire insurance costs 20%, while protecting our properties with the strongest and safest capital stock insurance that GENERAL money can buy. Is it any wonder that we're INSURANCE CO

so sold on it?"0FAMER1EA

'HomQffice Ask your GENERAL Agent—TODAY!

CAPITAL STOCK INSURANCE... AT ITS BEST!

GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA

GENERAL CASUALTY COMPANY OF AMERICA

FIRST NATIONAL INSURANCE CO. OF AMERICA

H. K. DENT, President... Heme Office: SEATTLE

UtahSouthern Idaho Service Office, Pacific National Life Blag., Salt Lake City, Utah

OCTOBER, 1943 639 WilliPMMIDOURSThe Public Eye November "Era"Conference Edition Without wishing to comment on any elections at hand, we

Readers are asked to expect late delivery of the Noreprint this bit of philosophy once expressed by Heber C.

vember issue of the Era which will be enlarged by Kimball:

thirtytwo pages to carry the addresses of the October "He [Heber C. Kimball] said to me one day, taking up a

general conference, greatly increasing the work of prepsmall stick from the ground. 'You see this stick? If it had

aration and involving longer press runs. remained down there you never would have noticed that there

was any dirt clinging to it. But now that I hold it up you

observe it is covered with dirt. It is just so when a man is

put into office. He may be just as clean before he gets there

Coaling a, California as those around him, but his being lifted up above them makes

Dear Editors: his faults more manifest, and he is far more apt to be criticized

the issue of Era, my eyes my August Opening fell upon the p.than448.before.'"Life ot Heber C. Kimball, Orson F. Whitney,

Sylvia Probst a Tall Lad,"Young. by poem, "To

fighting, training, strange these In days of hating—all to Just to Make Sure faith, to it is good of our people to have something the young

the of that lovers in part. that are the fears minds the calm To sir, Billie "Please, druggist): (to with some soap I want

stories girl are written and to bolster poems the so many young strong extra perfume."

"tall returns until to lad"that her her they might her courage Druggist: the "What's idea, Sonny?"

in their hearts. the have together they dreams build Billie: to "Well, I want mother I've washed know my face, But isn't there something to help)—to be said for the girl who, so she won't make me do it all over again!"

like the others, has dreams in her heart and yet knows, even "tall lad"will that mother not return? her who now, Or for the Local Phenomenon

pride of and ago, short months onlyf with a mingling few a tears in her eyes, said goodbye to him, and she knows, even Tourist (from New York): "But what makes these western

now, that her "tall lad"will not return? prairies so flat?"

Native: stranger, "Well, we think it must be because the that centuries faith, stood for the faith has yes, has her She

evening."every sets on 'em religion. is faith that sun of faith that the our backbone the The

tells her that her "tall lad"is up there progressing as our doctrine teaches. The faith that tells her that her "tall lad"is A Colorful Mood

is doing missionary ones work longdeparted loved and with here, driver, Lady: "See this quart is blue."of milk

still "tall is she is lad"happy. that But her he Yes, happy. and Driver: all right, lady, "Yes, the milk's but two of our cows this like great it will be wonders misses when what and him have melancholia."

others, will is the over. yes with conflict be thankful She

but isn't there something more to be said to the girl who knows, even now, that her "tall lad"will not return? That Cagey Fellow Again

Dorothy M. Brown '""Phanks* reader"to wereadershave participatingbeen given ain corrected"ProofingandthesuperiorProof-

-$- version of the joke "Cagey Fellow,"which appeared on page 448 of the July ra:>(

"I want to know,"said the grimfaced woman, "how much

Salt Lake City, Utah money my husband drew out of the bank last week."

Dear Editors: man"I incannotthe cage.give you that information, madam,"answered the

teller, the aren't paying L.D.S. "You're of schedule the publish enclosed you?"please you W'ill

telling "Yes, but I'm not the payer."(Instead of "telling held are being in Texas? meetings which camps in the army

[See September Era, p. 554.] The Era seems to be one of the teller"as it read in July.)

best ways to get this information to the boys as they transfer into the different areas.

Whitehead, DeVora Wherever They Go

Secretary to Hugh B. Brown,

Coordinator, L.D.S. servicemen P\o Era subscriptions for men in the service actually

*- reach them? Decidedly yes. Given a correct address, the post office department, aware that word from

Christmas Mail home is the greatest moralebuilder, sees to it that the mails go through everywhere. Of 11,000 Era subscripChristmas packages for members of the army overseas tions to men in the service there is a backlog from month

must be mailed before October 15. Packages for men to month of only several hundred whose delivery is

in the navy, marine corps, and coast guard who have a temporarily uncertain because of change of address diffleet post office for a mailing address, may be mailed up ficulties.

to October 31, but early mailing is advised. A subscription may be placed without restriction or

Packages must be marked "Christmas parcel"and condition for anyone in the navy, marine corps, and must not exceed five pounds in weight or fifteen inches coast guard, and anyone in the army stationed in conin length or thirtysix inches in length and girth comtinental United States. A member of the army overseas,

bined. Not more than one parcel will be accepted in any served by an army post office, must show by request that

one week from the same sender for the same addressee. he wants the magazine, subscribing for it either directly

All articles should be packed in metal, wooden, or solid or by a request directed to whoever wants to place the fiberboard or strong doublefaced corrugated fiberboard subscription for him (family, friend, ward, etc.)—and

or strong cardboard boxes. Fiberboard or cardboard his Era is then labeled "Mailed in conformity with P.O.D.

boxes must be securely wrapped in strong paper and order 19687."

tied with twine. Senders are cautioned that delays Do men in the service seem to want the Era? By their

caused by the necessity for censorship will be minimized own testimony in countless letters of appreciation which if the wrapping permits easy inspection of the contents we have received—again, decidedly yes. But only 1 1,000

of the package. out of the 40,000 Latterday Saints in the service are

Parcels should not include perishable or inflammable receiving it. Fill the gap. Support your local "an Era

articles. Clothing need not be sent. for a soldier"project.

Wrap it well, and be sure of his address!

640 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ANDRE The world's loveliest KOSTELANETZ Hear his brilliant, lilting symphonic arrangements of your favorite music literally "the pause that refreshes on the air!"

Guest stars from the concert and operatic world,

too. It's pleasant listening, every Sunday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock.

comes to you on

NEW YORK PHILHARMONIC, GLADYS SWARTHOUT,

AMERICAN SCRIPTURES DEEMS TAYLOR

The world's great music Some of the world's loveHp played by one of the liest music graces this world's finest symphony Sunday afternoon conorchestras under renowned cert, with Deems Taylor conductors. Historian Carl to comment on it and with

Van Doren presides over beautiful Miss Swarthout the intermission feature as the featured singer.

which stars leading actors in highlights of American You'll enjoy "The Family history. It's a musical and Hour,"with Al Goodpatriotic thrill to be enman's orchestra, every

joyed every Sunday afterSunday afternoon at 3ggSSBfl* noon at 1:00 o'clock! o'clock.

FOR RADIO'S FINEST ENTERTAINMENT

RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

r -

j "

PW

"'it-

: '--.

. "*.->;t:;is--:...

%*jff*:

lake a voyage oyer unknown seas...

life may be a beautiful adventure if the: traveler charts his course

with care.2.talcing due precaution

against, hazards along the way. -

ife insurance is a prompt, sure safe- g u a rd... should loved 6 n e s b e

called, upon to Continue. the voyage

.. alone. * * - '* "

malise BCMLjmjMvwagiMKa Salt Lake City f Utah 5?